VOL. IX THE4L0R.Y OP.O0 16 I N T ELU eE NCE NO. 2.

Organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations

DECEMBER, tl 905.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Joseph Smith, the Prophet Frontispiece

Joseph Smith, the Prophet of the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times 81 One Hundred Years—A Eulogy Wm. A. Hyde 82

Voice from Joseph. A Poem W.W.Phelps 93

Biographical Sketch Andrew Jenson 94

Joseph Smith as a Boy... Prest.Joseph F. Smith 108

Portrait of Hyrum Smith, the Patriarch 1 12

A Child's Remembrance of the Last Time She

Saw Joseph Smith Sarah Rich Miller 1 13

Joseph Smith as a Man Willard Done 1 14

Joseph Smith as Philosopher... Jo/i/i A. Widtsoe 123

Joseph Smith in Literature....Orson F. Whitney 135

Joseph Smith, theProphet of the Living God

James E. Talmage 154

A Century Song—December 23, 1905. A Poem

...L. L. Greene Richards 166

An Unpublished Letter of the Prophet Joseph.... 167

Genius or Seer? John Henry Evans 170

What Joseph Smith Did for the Womanhood of the Church. Susa Young Gates 179

Centennial Anniversary Monument 184

PUBUSHEDirBY ITHE GENERAL BOARD.

gsssfHEdward(osEPH F.H.Smith,Anderson, Editors.

Heber J. Grant, 6usine.-.s i>lanager.,, nltcwiiP*MiIvs?:..'.:

Entered at Post Office, Salt Lake

City, Utah, as SecondClass Matter

M*TVMf,JhS tS 'ii >UBtiSHED Monthly 'S3m 'i.2X>OkPER ANNUM.

. ',14215 TEMPLETON BLOC

-. v.l "SHH. LTj LAKE CITY

Cbe State Bank of Utah Accounts Solicited.

Don't carry your own risk. Correspondence Invited.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

HEBERJ. GRANTS CO,, JosephWm. B. F.Preston,Smith, President.VicePresident.

GENERAL AGENTS. CharlesHenry T.8.McEwan,Burton, Cashier.Ass't Cashier.

Heber J. Grant, Jos. D. Murdock.

8026 South Main Street, Salt Lake City. A.W.Carlson, Heber M. Wells,

BynnGroo, Isaac Barton.

Telephone 351.

You are DeludJos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LtADING LNDERTAKLR ing Yourself!

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue.

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT. LONG When you say

DISTANCE 21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. "A Telephone JtLEPHONE

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH, would be of no use to me at the housq."

Try it and see.

Ask any of your many Orlan Clyde Cullen friends who have it.

COUNSELORAT-LAV HJ. 8. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney ONE DOLLAR PER

U. S, Patent Office, United States and Foris too cheapelgn Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and MONTH

Copyrights to require argument.

Opp. U. S. Patent Office WASHINGTON. D.C.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

GOOD BUSINESS TRAINING

Is the secret of financial success, and lays the foundation of a prosperous career.

I i The Combined BUSINESS COLLEGES t (L.D.S. AND SALT LAKE) MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

T GIvp thn best courses la General Book keeplng,Hlgher and Special Aci ountlng.Short-

T hand, Typewriting, Telegraphy, Law, Eagllsb, Civics, Mathematics, Pen VVoik, OfficeT Work, etc. Hundreds of young men and women placed in good positions. Work I3

T plentiful. For more than a year past the demand lor our graduates and uudergraUu-

T ates nas exceeded the supply. Enter at any time—winter or summer. The business

T schools are departments of the Latterday saints'University and all the subjects,

T Scien Iflc, Classical, Normal, Kindergarten, Mechanic Arts, Domestic Science, etc.—

are free to business students. Write for catalogs. MM J.H. PAUL, President M

MISSIONARIES should write to it People You or call on the

SALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS t Like to Meet for their HOSIERY. UNDERWEAR AND "OARMENTS"AreSantafoundFe Route.on the Firstclassthrough trainstravel ofis theattracted to firstclass roads. The Santa Fe leaving before is a firstclass road. for Route

fields of labor.their It is one of the three LARGEST RAIL- m

WAY SYSTEMS in the world. Present

mileage, 7,734 miles.

We.have a full line of It extends from Lake Michigan to the

Pacific Ocean and Gulf of Mtxico, reachWHITE SHIRTS. HOSIERY, NECKWEAR ing WITH ITS OWN RAILS Chicago,

Kansas City, Denver, Fort Worth, Galveston, El Paso, Los Angeles, and San FranOur Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS.". Cisco.

''It runs the finest and fastest transcon-

We have them In Cotton from $1.00 up tinental train, the CALIFORNIA LIMITED.

and In Wool from 11.75 up. Its MEAL SERVICE, managed by Mr.

ORDBRSy SWIL FRQTaS US. FredIts Harvey,TRACK istherockballastedbest in the world.and laid

;;When ordering "Garments"send your throughout with heavy steel rails.

height, weight, chest measure and length of On such a road as this, LONG DISsleeve to TANCE RECORDS are frequently shattered, the latest feat being that of the "Peacock Special,"Los Angeles to Chi- 1?

hours. 58 desired Salt liake Knitting Works, cago,Every2,265comfortmiles inandless luxurythan by f modern travelers. S7=SLT UKKB CilTV. UTKH. May we sell you a ticket over the Santa

JOSEPH R. SMITH, Mgr. Fe?

DIRECTORS Joseph F. Smith. President. IV. J. BLACK, Ow P. A., A, T. a S. P. RY.

Rudger Clawson, VicePresident. T Thomas Hull, TOREKA KAN9AS.

Joseph Nelson, Alvln F. Smith.

("When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE PRESTIEE OF AN OLD NAME sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

all kinds No need to tell you that we sell lumber of and everything else that is usually sold by a firstclass yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

Joubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TflYIiOHO]IIlEYflHlSTKOJlG-GO.,

South Temple and Seeond West.

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COflPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000,

\fi OFFICERS.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund,

VicePresident George M. Cannon,

Cashier Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds Angus J. Cannon

Hyrum M. Smith

Asahel H, Woodruff Ashby Snow - \JfTKHNO.l TUKIN ST REET. SHUT L?K: OITV,

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.).

Digitized by tiie Internet Arciiive in 2011 witii funding from Corporation of tiie Presiding Bisiiop, Tiie Ciiurcii of Jesus Ciirist of Latterday Saints

littp://www.arcli ive.org/details/improvementera0902unse

JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.

Born Decbmbeb 23, 1805, in Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont;

Mabtybbp at Carthage, Illinois, June 37, 1844.

Vol. IX. DECEMBER, 1905. No. 2.

JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET OF THE DISPENSATION OF THE FULNESS

OF TIMES,

Son of Joseph Smith and Lucy Mack Smith, born in Sharon, Windsor county,

Vermont, December 23, 1805, received his first vision, in which he saw the Father and the Son, in the spring of 1820; obtained the plates of the Book of Mormon,

under the direction of the angel Moroni, September 22, 1827; was ordained to the

Aaronic Priesthood by John the Baptist, May 15, 1829, and soon thereafter, to the

Melchizedek Priesthood, by the ancient apostles, Peter, James and John; published

the Book of Mormon, which he had previously translated from the plates by the means of Urim and Thummim, and the power and inspiration of God, early in 1830;

organized the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints by revelation of God,

April 6, 1830; established the British Mission in 1837, founded Nauvoo in 1839,

and gathered thousands of the Saints; preached the Gospel; received at various

times, from 1823 to 1844, the revelations of the Lord for the building up of the

Church, which are found in the Doctrine and Covenants, and, at last, having laid the secure foundations of God's "marvelous work and a wonder,"sealed the testimony of his mission and laJjors by his blood, in Carthage jail, June 27, 1844, where he and his brother Hyrum, the patriarch, were brutally murdered by a mob.

Previous to his assassination he said: "I am going like a lamb to the slaughter

but I am calm as a summer's morning; I have a conscience void of offense towards

God, and towards all men. I shall die innocent, and it shall yet be said of me—he

was murdered in cold blood."

"If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, thatgiveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him."—James 1: 5.

ONE HUNDRED YEARS—A EULOGY.

BY WILLIAM A. HYDE, PRESIDENT OF THE POCATELLO STAKE

OF ZION.

"For Joseph truly testified, saying: A seer shall the Lord my God raise up,

who shall be a choice seer unto the fruit of my loins.

''And his name shall be called after me: and it shall be after the name of his

father. And he shall be like unto me; for the thing which the Lord shall bring

forth by his hand, by the power of the Lord, shall bring my people unto salvation. '

—Book op Mormon.

Thus spake a holy man of old, Joseph of Egjrpt, as he gazed into the future and beheld the course of his lineage. His mind lit

up with joy that his people should be brought ''out of darkness into light, out of hidden darkness and out of captivity unto freedom. '

The vine that had run over the wall, wild and untrained, was to be reclaimed and pruned by a master husbandman.

The one hundredth anniversary of the birth of that choice seer, whom the passing centuries have at last revealed, and who has passed amid the throng of humanity into the eternities, his devoted followers will, on the twentythird of December, fitly commemorate.

Where shall we seek for the parentage and home of the.

prophet, seen from the fading shores of distant Egypt, in the morning of the worlds history? Shall we go to the palace, the

abode of wealth and power? No; for prophets, though always of

noble blood are seldom of noble circumstance. To the house of

learning where wisdom and skill are strong to advocate and defend?

No; for God plants oftener his momentous word in virgin soil, not

among the weeds and stones of faulty philosophy or narrow creeds.

The great policy that sent Christ to the manger is essentially right

ONE HUNDRED YEARS—A EULOGY. 83

now as then. It is rather the sign of divinity that men shall come

bounding from the wilderness, or from the care of ravens, or with shepherds'staffs from among their flocks; so it will not be unbecoming our prophet if we seek his abode with the humble, or his

to make himparentage among the poor—the thing alone needed

worthy shall be a humble and obedient heart, with fortitude and fervor, that, like Daniel or Joseph of old, he shall stand steadfast and undeviating, though rocks shall rend, and earth and hell conspire against him.

From among what nation or people shall he come? From the

ripened monarchies of the East, where tyranny sits enthroned and there is no large liberty of voice and belief? No; rather from some

young aspiring world, happy in a wellearned freedom, with its face to the light of advancement. What country could give him

more fitting birth than our own loved America?

In what form shall he come? As the hermit or recluse from

his cave, with his staif and flowing with his burden beard—gloomy

of thought—with pensive eye upon the future? No; he should be

buoyant and cheerful with the great hope that his message brings;

hisyoung and vigorous, for his labors shall be great—brave, for

dangers shall be many. He must be spiritual, but in this practical

age he must be practical, to bring his message, however glorious, to the minds of men.

The time of his coming who shall say? Shall it be amid the

light of the gospel day? No; for his mission is to bring men to the

light out of darkness. His coming must mark an epoch in history,

and be a requirement of the times. He comes as a new witness

to tell men of God and his attributes—to testify of him. The time,

then, shall be in an age of doubt and diversity of opinion,—his

mission to clear up unsettled questions, and reveal to troubled minds the mysteries of the gospel. This, then, is the man, and

this his country, our country, made more sacred by his presence, and the dawn of the nineteenth century, the time. Let us go to

the woods and hills of Vermont, the home of many of our sturdiest patriots, and find his birthplace, and discover his ancestry, that we may more fully know this messenger of God.

When the roll of the progenitors of Joseph Smith is called, he will not blush, but in pride will he turn to as noble a line as has 84 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

graced our land. Deeply religious and intensely patriotic, they

have served with equal energy, God and their country. Suffering

and enduring alike in either cause, they have proved before armed foe, and in the spirit's battlefield, their courage and integrity. They

hewed their way into the forests, the groves resounding with their sturdy blows. Clean and upright among their fellowmen, they

lived their simple lives, such lives as poets dream of as being t3rpical of the Nation's best manhood. And here the elder Joseph of

heroic frame reared his family, and here the younger Joseph, inheriting his father's vigorous body, and his mother's devout mind, first saw the light. God touched the eyes of his grandfather, and

he saw in prophetic vision one who should spring from his race to bear a message that should revolutionize the religious world, but no one dreamed that this blueeyed boy, with waving hair, so cheerful and animated, was the destined bearer of this joyous news.

Among his playmates, his childhood was passed in the experiences common to all. As he grew older he shared the labors of his father

in the field, doing his part toward the maintenance of the family.

And the young boy grew strong and straight in body and limb, and with a wholesome mind.

This period was part of his preparation. What did God need?

His servant must be dutiful, even as Joseph, the new, of America, and Joseph, the old, of Egypt, were dutiful. He must be vigorous

and strong, for he enters upon an arduous work that shall try every nerve of his body and fibre of his soul. He must be untrammeled and unbiased by worldly of much secular ideas—what need

schooling, when angels are to be his teachers and he sits face to face with holy men of old, and hears the voice of the Mighty One himself in counsel! And, so in Nature's school, under his mother's

eye, no doubt under the watchcare of angels who knew his mission, he passed his simple childhood, and came to be a thoughtful, amiable, gentle youth, such as men and women love.

Under the hallowed influences of his home, where the scriptures had prominent place, and in the uplifting power of his surroundings, seen and unseen, his mind was directed to God. A deep

yearning filled his soul, "Lord, I believe; who shall tell me what to

do?"In the professed light of the nineteenth century, he stood

in doubt as to the Father's purposes. Who shall teach him? The

ONE HUNDRED YEARS-A EULOGY. 85

religious world cannot; his lessons at his mother's knee, before the

open book, have taught him all they know of the Savior, the Redeemer of the world. Shall he come to him? Yes; surely, but by

what plan? Where are God's appointed ministers, which the way?

Then from a score of directions, came the invitation, ''Lo here is

Christ."Dazed, no doubt, by his perplexities, who can tell the

here, had not God pointed the way,trouble cf his honest soul—and

he must, as thousands of other souls, have gone wandering and unsatisfied to his grave. To the scriptures, ever his guide, he turned

for light, and in their pages sought for the word denied him elsewhere. A passage, beautiful in its simplicity and definite in its

promises, caught his eye: "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask

of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and

it shall be given him."As his mind rested on this promise, so

unequivocal and sure, I believe that the powers of good and evil that surrounds him, must have stood hushed, with awed looks, at this moment when the future of a dispensation of God was being decided. I believe that then the powers of good must have said,

"Joseph, this is the living word of God; it is for you; he will hear

you; go to him."And then, I think, the evil must have said,

is "This is the dead word, he will not answer you—God's voice

silent. ''Then, I think, his strong, simple, young spirit took sides

with the powers of Heaven, and faith came to him, and angels must have rejoiced, for they saw at hand the dawn of a new day!

There is a newly awakened hope in the soul of this fourteenyear-old boy; it must have been that some measure of the import

of the ages, past and to come, rested upon him: in awe he must

have stood on the threshold of the new dispensation, beckoned by the promise of God. Not idly, as one would seek for a trivial gift,

but with a sense of its immensity, did the boy seek an answer to his question.

Now, in nature's solitude, with the grand old trees, the birds and squirrels, his only visible auditors, with the forces of good and evil standing with keen interested expectancy, he speaks to the

Father with the faith that dispels distance and destroys the obstacles of mortality.

And now the adversary of souls, who sees in the glorious faith of the youth the triumph of the truth that God still speaks, in the 86 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

desperation of his imminent defeat, hurls his forces on the boy so powerless of his own strength to resist, and he is borne to the earth. As the clutch of demons bind and pinion him in the grip

of death, in an agony of pain and fear, he cries aloud for deliverance. Darkness is dispelled, and the brilliant light of celestial

day shines round him. The devils flee, as from before the cohorts

of Michael, the archangel. The earth and the heavens have met;

the Father and the Son have revealed themselves; the world has a

new witness; the sun of Truth, the light of Righteousness, and

Revelation have arisen; the glorious Dispensation of the Fulness of

Times is ushered in! Hear, ye Heavens, and give ear, 0, Earth, for

the Father has spoken! Let the hosts immortal, and the multitudes of men, praise him, for his face is again revealed and his

wonderful word made known!

The message of the Son of God is in the boy's mind and heart, where it lies inscribed as though written by a pen of fire; shall he

ever forget it? Shall he ever deny it? Nay; though granite hills

shall melt, though mountains shall dissolve, though the sea wither away under the fierce elements, yet shall the testimony remain in the boy's heart, as stand the marks of the finger of the Mighty

One on the stone tablets of Moses of old!

As one leaves the holy precincts of a temple, the boy leaves this sacred spot with awed heart, the force of a mighty truth surging through his soul as the tides of an ocean. He feels that the

great knowledge of God's revelation is not for him alone, and in the family circle, among his brothers and sisters and by the side of his parents who love him, he recounts the great events. They

listen reverently, for the grave face—the inspired light in the blue

eye, which even now seems to see the that this vision,—proclaims

is truth. Next, to the neighboring ministers, men whom he respected, and of whom he had sought spiritual advice, he tells his

story, and his honest, sensitive soul is shocked by their ridicule.

Strange that men should revile and proclaim as of the evil one that for which the earth was an hungered—the knowledge of the

Father! Strangs that men should be the instruments of Satan to

thwart that which was for their happiness! But now the neighborhood, which had hitherto been his friends, rise almost as one man

to revile him. As if evil spirits had taken individual control of

ONE HUNDRED YEARS—A EULOGY. 87

them, they fought his message with savage might. In all stages

of opposition, from incredulity, scorn and malice to attempted assassination, he was buffeted about, until his ardor subsiding, and their anger partially spent, there came a period of comparative rest, when, in silence, he carried his thoughts unknown save to his loved ones and his Father above. Thus were his mind and spirit

maturing, thus was being completed his preparation; soon he was

to enter upon an education to prepare him for the great mission that was before him.

The boy is now seventeen years old; he is grave, thoughtful

and earnest. There are times when he yearns for more light, when

he thinks of the past, and wonders if the heavens are locked again by reason of his fancied wrongdoing. No; they are only awaiting

the development of his mind and powers for the work before him.

Soon the time is at hand, and from the heavens there comes a mighty angel bearing the everlasting gospel to the inhabitants of the earth, and delivering to this youth the designs of God. In the

darkness of the night, while the world slumbered, celestial angelteacher, and willing pupil, sit in his lone chamber, lighted by a heavenly effulgence, and mysteries of the past and purposes of the future, are made known. The history of a continent and an extinct nation is revealed, their records promised, and the young man

directed in the further fulfilment of God's plans. And in such exalted teachings, he receives, at intervals, a knowledge of his own

work, and is set to prepare for its consummation.

Seldom in the history of the world have men been so favored.

To read the words of wise and good men is a great privilege; to

sit in their presence and catch inspiration from their voices is a greater privilege, and one that few enjoy; but to be with celestial

beings who come as messengers of the Almighty, to hear their words of truth, and to know that while philosophers may differ, and learned men contend, here is the end of all controversy, is the greatest of all educational blessings that have been given to man.

Who need wonder, after this training, that his future public utterances were given with the certainty of final anthority. Prophecy

has been verified, the angel has flown through the midst of heaven, and the gospel is again in process of restoration to this simple

American boy; the mind, prepared by proper experiences, is grow88 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing and expanding with divine knowledge, and a force is maturing that shall affect the earth. Through four wonderful years, he

maintains a probation of trial and patient waiting, until at last into his hands, with solemn warning, are placed the records of God's dealings with his ancient people on this continent.

His experiences hitherto have been preparatory and educational, now begin the real labor and trials of his devoted life, which shall not cease until he reaches Carthage jail. His, the immediate mission now to translate the record given him, and he

commences his difficult task. Where before, his troubles were

merely storms, now they are hurricanes, and all the fury of earth and hell is turned upon him. Murderers lay concealed by his pathway; robbers pry through locks, and break through walls, to get

the precious records; hounded and harassed by foes, betrayed by

friends, in an hour of weakness almost deserted by God, strong indeed was his soul to endure until at last, restored to favor and conquering by an indomitable will, the book was translated, and he had obeyed. Through it all, sometimes fearing but never doubting,

he had learned the Father's attitude toward his children—he gives

them work to perform toward which he expects them to bend every energy; guiding, aiding and rescuing them, when human powers

fail, but always requiring steady and noble effort to perform.

His soul was now keyed to the lofty purposes of Heaven. He

had proved his power to endure, withstand and perform all that the Master should require. Other exalted beings now come to him,

and upon him are conferred the powers of the Priesthood, by hands that held them anciently. The authority of God has been

given him, and henceforth he goes fully accredited and empowered, as were the apostles of old, to spread the gospel of salvation in the world. Like them, he lifts up his voice and calls to repentance, and now the mind of the Father, made known to him in revelation, prepared the first steps in the formation of the most perfect and wonderful system of modern times. Good men and women

come to him, and stone upon stone is laid the foundation of the

Church of God. His purposes are broad; his designs, farreaching;

and, ere yet his meager following had the strength that would insure them permanence, his choicest disciples are sent hither and thither in the world to proclaim the "glad tidings."Across conONE HUNDRED YEARS—A EULOGY. 89

tinents, over oceans, in poverty and amid perils, they traveled, fearlessly crying repentance, and thousands, gladly recognizing the voice of the Shepherd, gathered to assist in the great work.

With the great accessions to the Church, new movements are projected and work designed. Temples are to be reared, cities

built, and stakes of Zion established; a center is dedicated to be

the chosen spot where, some day, shall arise the New Jerusalem;

and there was a breadth, and grasp, and inspiration, in the work, that proclaimed the management of God. At times, the Church

was in danger from internal dissensions, as presuming men endeavored to assert authority, but straight to the line their youthful leader walked, exercising justice and judgment, as became a

Prophet of the Most High; and, out of these trials, the Church

emerged stronger and stronger day by day. By his side stood a

band of choice men actuated by the same noble aspirations and high resolves that he possessed; men whose lives were at his command, and energies and talents, ever ready in the cause. Always

an advocate of education, and deeply studious himself, the Prophet had organized, at an early day, a school for the study of languages, and in every direction were spreading out the elements and forces of advancement and enlightenment.

The trials and persecutions of these times, who shall describe? They are fully known and registered only by the angels of

heaven, who in tears must have seen the bloody footprints of this faithful people, as scourged and driven, harassed and hounded, they followed their noble leader; and ever upon his head there

came the wildest gusts of the tempest. Only in brief intervals,

from the night previous to the sacred day on which he had received the plates of gold, had he been in peace. Many times he

had been dragged before tribunals on charges that could not be sustained. Maligned and persecuted, tarred and feathered and

poisoned, spat upon and reviled, even as was the Savior—and

through it all, he emerged, dignified and unruffled, in kingly mien and power. Where his people were in gravest danger, there could

always be found the shepherd, his breast bared for their salvation;

and whether he crossed the country to lay their wrongs before the rulers of the land for justice; or, whether through swamps and

mire, he carried his fainting companion on his back for miles to 90 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

safety, he was first and foremost the man of God, magnificently

fearless.

When the full history of the ages is revealed, men will know that here was one of the noblest spirits placed in as choice a tabernacle as ever fell to the lot of mortal. Tall, powerful and

straight, gentle, though stern, if necessity required, with penetrating eyes that read the soul, whose countenance when lit by inspiration shown by the power of God, he was by his friends the best loved man on earth, by his enemies the most hated and feared;

truly the words of the angel were fulfilled, that his name should be held for good and evil throughout the earth. One scene which,

some day, when our people shall have a genius worthy of the attempt, shall furnish a theme for one of the grandest paintings of all time will show him thrown, chained to his brethren, into a filthy cell: their lewd and beastly captors, to harrow up the spirits of

their victims, are talking with fiendish glee of their devilish accomplishments; the burning of their captives'homes, the insulting

of their wives, the ravishing of their daughters; until, stung to a

pitch of righteous anger, it will show this chained captive, towering in the majesty of a lion above his craven persecutors, who grovel in the dust at his feet, their weapons forgotten, their courage lost before his mighty indignation and wrath. Another

scene will show him upon the feverstricken banks of the Mississippi with his brethren and sisters around him dying. His overwrought spirit is sorely tried with the sufferings of his beloved

people; he can endure the scene no longer, and in the power of

the priesthood, as I imagine the Savior must have done in days of old, he takes the sufferers one by one by the hand, and bids them rise and follow; and, where before was despair and death, now came

joy in their great deliverance. Great were the many pentecostal

days in which this modern prophet participated; so amid his many

sufferings he was always happy, ever buoyed up by the Spirit of

God.

His mind reached out and grasped the treasures of the infinite, and today there is no truth in our doctrines that he was not the means of advancing, or which he did not elucidate. Old, narrow

notions of the creeds of the day, he overcame by keen truths. He

relegated to the trashheap of exploded theories, the barbaric idea

ONE HUNDRED YEARS-A EULOGY. 91

of infant damnation. He took from the infidel his greatest argument when he held out hope beyond the grave to those who had

not the privilege to hear the Gospel in mortality; thus limiting the

doctrine of eternal fire, and proclaiming anew God's infinite justice.

Having seen God the Father, and God the Son, he could testify with certainty as to their powers; and the immaterial God of the

world no longer reigned supreme in the heavens. He proclaimed

the gospel of education, by saying, "It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance. ''He revealed to the world that there are

degrees of glory awaiting mortality, in the hereafter, commensurate with their individual merits. He revealed the fact that the

priesthood of God binds the generations living to the generations dead, until all are linked together in one great chain whose head is

Christ. He revealed the design of temples, in which should be

performed these ordinances for the living and the dead. He revealed a system of economy, or social science, which, if practiced,

would settle forever the vexed questions of capital and labor, and would provide for the complete happiness and advancement of mankind. He gave advice on the great questions agitating the

nation, at that time, and which he foresaw would come up later, that if followed, would have saved thousands of the Nation's best lives, and many millions of her treasure. He laid out cities, took

active part in municipal and political affairs, wore the epaulettes of a lieutenantgeneral, journeyed far and near, carried the gospel to the Indians, making known to them their ancestry. He revised

anew the scriptures, and delved into the mysteries of astronomy, beyond the depths of the mightiest reasoner in that science.

Long ere his people saw these hills, his allcomprehending vision had swept across the plains of the great unexplored West:

he saw our snowcapped peaks and mountain rills, and glorious summer skies, and planned his people's migration to a future home away from the power of tyrants. All this, and a thousand other

things, in the intervals of great ministerial labors, while hounded, hiding, driven, scourged and imprisoned. God had given him great

physical powers, and unbegrudgingly he used them in His cause.

Wherever he went he towered a veritable king among men. Great

men came long distances to see him, and departed impressed by his magnetism and the clearness and precision of his views, but 92 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

when the day's labors were ended, upon the public square, in the assemblies of his fellows, he would throw aside his dignity and become as they, and compete in friendly bouts of strength and skill,

Had he lived until now, he would have been one hundred years of age. There are now few remaining who knew him in their maturity, but it was my fortune to be born of a mother whose family

life, and who saw all sides of his character,knew him in his home and often I have seen her eyes light up at the recollection of this man of God, and speak of him sadly as one speaks reverently some loved name too sacred for the common ears of man.

This, then, is Joseph Smith; Joseph, we call him, and think of

Joseph who delivered Egypt, of whose lineage he comes. 1 think

it was God's purpose that, in the simplicity of his name, this prophetic title should stand out preeminently. This is the man who

lived so grandly and fought out, step by step, his way to a seat among the immortals; and, finally, when his work neared completion, gave one last great evidence of his devotion and unselfishness, second only to that of the Redeemer of the world.

The plots of his enemies have thickened around him, bloodthirsty mobs, under the guise of legalized armies, are planning his capture, and the further persecution of his people. He sees in his

withdrawal the object of their assaults removed, and the safety and comfort of his people assured. With a few friends, he crosses

the Mississippi, and prepares to flee to the Rocky Mountains; but

not his foes, this time, but his false friends, conspire to defeat his object; and the message comes to him to return,—not to desert

his people in this hour of need! Keener than the wrongs of his enemies must have been this stab to his faithful heart, who, under

all circumstances, had proved himself their faithful defender!

shame, that men and women should be so blind and forgetful.

Now he returns, with a full knowledge of the doom awaiting him, like a lamb to the slaughter, his conscience clear before his

Maker, and soon before as base and heartless a rabble as ever drove martyr to his doom, he is driven to the slaughter pen of

Carthage. 0, sad the day to the prophet and his people. Sad

the day to Illinois, whose soil is drenched by the best blood of

America! Sad the day to the world, which loses now the messenger

of its regeneration! His faithful brother by his side, sharing his

ONE HUNDRED YEARS—A EULOGY. 93

selfimposed martyrdom, with faithful brethren sharing his danger and wounds, true to every testimony given him of the Father, cry, *'0 Lord mytrue to every trust of his people—with the great

God,"penetrating the heavens, he yielded up his life, another martyr to the world's advancement!

These things are true. They are not the idle rumors of disordered brains. Sane men, who walk the earth with integrity unquestioned, testify of them. They are written in man's records,

and transcribed in the books on high. This history is in the memory of his companions in life, and will remain forever cherished in

the hearts of their descendants. Time cannot efface it, but it will

increase in brightness until, with consuming flame, it shall burn its way into the history of this nation and of the world. "He shall be

fully known and correctly estimated, and men who have reviled shall do him reverence. Every prophetic word he uttered shall be

fulfilled, for truer prophet never lived, and more noble martyr, save One, has never died!

Pocatello, Idaho.

VOICE FROM JOSEPH.

Come to me, will ye come to the Saints that have died,

To the next better world, where the righteous reside,

Where the angels and spirits in harmony be,

In the joys of a vast Paradise? Come to me.

Come to me, where the truth and the virtues prevail,

Where the union is one, and the years never fail.

Where the heart can't conceive, nor the natui'al eye see

What the Lord has prepared for the just: Come to me.

Come to me, all ye faithful and blest of Nauvoo

Come, ye Twelve, and ye High Priests, and Seventies, too;

Come, ye Elders, and all of the great company.

When you've finished your work on the earth: Come to me.

Come to me; here's the future, the present and past;

Here is Alpha, Omega, the first and the last

Here's the "Fountain,"the "River of Life,"and the "Tree!"

Here's your Prophet and Seer, Joseph Smith: come to me.

W. W. Phelps, in L. D. S. Hymn Book.

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH.

BY ANDREW JENSON, ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN.

Joseph Smith was born December 23, 1805, in Sharon, Windsor county, Vermont, the fourth child of Joseph Smith and Lucy

Mack.

When about seven years old he came near losing his life through a fever sore, but by opening the leg and extracting several pieces of affected bone, amputation was avoided. In this excruciating operation he exhibited that courage which, united with

tender feeling, always marks the character of the great and good.

When ten years of age he removed with his parents to Palmyra,

New York, where he lived eleven years, the latter part of the time in

Manchester township. At the age of fourteen, when passing one

evening through the dooryard of his father's dwelling, he was shot at; but the ball missed him, and lodged in the head and neck of a

cow. No trace of the person who attempted the murder was ever

found, and no reason could be assigned for the attempt.

Joseph's father was a farmer; and owing to the adversities of

his parents, and the difficulty in giving children an education in newlysettled districts, Joseph's advantages for learning were few indeed, but his mind was active in observing and reflecting. The

aspect of the religious societies around him, however, did not commend any of them to his judgment sufficiently to induce him to become a member, though he early thought much on religion.

He was somewhat partial to the Methodists, and sometimes attended their meetings.

In the mist of this indecision, he had recourse to his Bible, and there read in St. James, 'If any of you lack wisdom, let him

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. 9i

ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not;

and it shall be given him. ''He felt the force of the passage; it

gave him heavenly confidence, and he resolved to test the promise.

Accordingly, on the morning of a beautiful, clear day, early in the spring of 1820, he retired to the shade of a wood near by, and after kneeling began to offer up the desires of his heart to God.

While thus engaged, two personages stood before him, clothed with ineffable brightness, and one, pointing to the other, said, "This is my beloved Son, hear him. '

Joseph then made known the object of his prayer, and he was informed that he must join none of the sects, for they were all wrong, and their creeds an abomination in the sight of God.

After receiving this vision, he informed one of the Methodist preachers of it, but met only with ridicule and opposition. He

experienced the same in all quarters, and was led to ask, "Why persecute me for telling the truth?"Again, "I had seen a vision,

.and who was I that I could withstand God?"

Thus things went on until the evening of September 21, 1823, when he received a visitation from the angel Moroni, who informed him that God had a work for him to do, and revealed to him who were the aborigines of America, and where was deposited their sacred record, the Book of Mormon. The angel informed him that

this record contained the fulness of the everlasting gospel, and that he should be the instrument in bringing it forth, and have power given him to translate it. The vision was twice repeated

during the same night.

The next day the angel stood by his side and gave him further instructions. After he had communicated to his father what he

had seen, he repaired to the place where the plates which contained the record were deposited, and was permitted to view them.

In 1825, he was employedby Mr. Josiah Stoal, together with

others, to dig for a silver mine, which it was reported the Spaniards had opened in Harmony, Susquehannah county. Pa., and from

this circumstance arose the opprobrious epithet of a "money digger."While thus engaged, Joseph boarded with a Mr. Isaac Hale,

whose daughter, Emma, he married January 18, 1827.

After waiting four years from the time he first conversed 96 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

with the angel Moroni, Joseph obtained the plates of the Book of

Mormon—September 22, 1827.

As soon as the plates were entrusted to him, he met with, the utmost difficulty in preserving them from his excited persecutors, and was finally under the necessity of leaving Manchester, and going with his wife to Susquehannah county, Pa., which place

he reached in December, and immediately commenced copying some of the characters from the plates.

In April, 1828, he commenced to translate, and secured Mr.

Martin Harris to write for him. Subsequently and chiefly, Oliver

Cowdery was his scribe.

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery were ordained to the

Aaronic priesthood by John the Baptist, May 15, 1829. According to his instructions, they baptized and also reordained each

other. Soon afterwards they received the Melchizedek priesthood

through the administration of three of the ancient apostles—Peter,

James and John.

At length, after having passed through many vicissitudes, the translation of the record was completed, and early in 1830 an edition, under the title of the Book of Mormon, was published.

The next great event in Joseph Smith's life was the organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, April 6, 1830, in the house of Mr. Peter Whitmer, at Fayette, Seneca county, New York.

The mission which he had been called to perform soon began to make great progress and excite corresponding hatred in the hearts of its opposers.

In January, 1831. he removed to Kirtland, Ohio, where a

branch of the Church, numbering about one hundred members, had previously been raised up. There, among other things, he was engaged in revising the Holy Scriptures.

Accompanied by his wife, Sidney Rigdon and others, Joseph left Kirtland for Missouri, June 19, 1831, in compliance with a commandment of the Lord. After his arrival in Missouri, it was

revealed to him that Independence, Jackson county. Mo., was the

place for the New Jerusalem to be built, and that the spot for the

Temple was a lot lying a little west of the court house. On the

3rd of August the Temple site was dedicated.

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. 97

After spending several days in receiving revelations for the

Church, and giving instructions for its guidance, he returned to

Kirtland, where he arrived on the 27th.

For some time after his return from Missouri, his time was occupied in traveling and preaching in various places, by which numbers of converts were made. He also continued the revision

of the scriptures.

In March, 1832, while living in Hiram, a mob gathered about his house, and having dragged him from it in the dead hour of the night, tarred and feathered him and left him half dead on the bare ground.

Soon after this event, on April 2, 1832, he left his temporary home in Hiram, on another visit to Missouri. Arriving in Clay

county on the 24th, he met with a welcome ''only known to brethren and sisters united as one in the same faith and by the same baptism, and supported by the same Lord. '

In May, 1832, he started on his return trip to Kirtland, but on the way, the horses of the stage in which he and the other brethren were traveling took fright. Bishop Newel K. Whitney jumped out, and in

doing so, caught his foot in the wheel, by which his foot and leg were broken in several places. Joseph jumped out, but cleared himself.

This accident detained Joseph with Bishop Whitney at Greenville four weeks, and while there Joseph nearly lost his life by poison, mixed with his dinner, intentionally or otherwise, but it is supposed intentionally. They arrived in Kirtland some time in June.

During the following year, Joseph was very active in Kirtland, and according to revelation commenced the building of a temple, the corner stones of which were laid July 23, 1833.

He also organized the first High Council of the Church ac

Kirtland, February 17, 1834.

A few days later (February 24) he received a revelation concerning the troubles which the Saints in Missouri were experiencing, by which he was commanded to select the young men of the eastern branches of the Church to go up to their relief. Accordingly, on the 26th, he started from home to obtain volunteers for

this purpose, and on the 5th of May he srL out with about one hundred men, with clothing and other necessaries for the Sa'nts who 98 IMPROVMIENl ERA.

were suffering in Missouri. After a long and difficult journey, as

leader of the historic Zion's Camp, he arrived in Missouri.

During his brief sojourn in Missouri, on this occasion, Joseph organized a High Council in Clay county, and otherwise arranged the affairs of the Church in Missouri. The High Council, by his

direction, addressed an appeal, on behalf of the Church, to the authorities of the state and of the Nation, and to all people, for peace, and praying for protection while they sought to obtain,- without force, their rights, privileges and immunities. In July,

Joseph again returned to Kirtland.

Assisted by the Three Witnesses to the Book of Mormon,

Joseph called and ordained Twelve Apostles, February 14, 1835, and soon after commenced the organization of the Seventies.

Later in that year, he obtained some rolls of papyrus covered with hieroglyphic figures and devices. One of these rolls was

found to contain the writings of Abraham, which were translated by Joseph, and subsequently published.

The Lord's House in Kirtland, afterwards known as the Kirtland Temple, was dedicated by Joseph, March 27, 1836. With

Oliver Cowdery, he was favored to behold a vision of the Lord

Jesus Christ; one of Moses, who committed unto them the keys of

a dispensation for gathering Israel from all parts of the earth; one

of Elias, who committed unto them the gospel of Abraham; and

another of Elijah, who committed unto them the keys of a dispensation to turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the children to the fathers. Many other persons saw glorious visions

on the same occasion.

In June, 1837, assisted by his counselors in the First Presidency, Joseph set apart Heber C. Kimball and Orson Hyde, two of

the Twelve, as missionaries to England. This was the first foreign

mission appointed by the Church,

In the following September, Joseph left Kirtland for Missouri, in company with Sidney Rigdon, to fulfill a mission appointed them by a conference of elders. The object of this mission was to

lay off new stakes of Zion for the rapidly increasing members of the Church to gather to. On his return in the following December, he found "apostasy, persecution and confusion"prevailing to

an alarming extent.

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. 99

Joseph states that the year 1838 dawned upon the Church in

Kirtland in all the bitterness of apostate mobocracy, which continued to rage, so that it was necessary for Elder Rigdon and himself to flee from its deadly influence, as did the apostles and prophets of old. They started from Kirtland about 10 o'clock in the evening

of January 12, 1838, on horseback, and reached Norton, Medina county, Ohio, sixty miles distant, by the next morning. Here they

tarried until the arrival of their families, and on the 16th continued their journey in wagons to Far West, Mo.

Joseph had only resided in Far West about six months before the troubles the Saints had been wading through for several years reached their culminating point, and he, together with others, was betrayed into the hands of the mobmilitia, on Wednesday, October 1. The next day, his brother Hyrum was arrested and brought

into camp. A courtmartial was then held, and they were condemned to be shot on Friday morning on the public square in Far

West, as an example to the * 'Mormons, ''but owing to the dissension of Gen. Doniphan, the sentence was not put into execution.

They and five other brethren, were carried off to Independence under a strong guard, from whom they suffered many indignities by the way. From thence they were taken to Richmond, where they

arrived November 9.

Gen. Clark, the head of the mob militia who had the brethren

in custody, determined to shoot them three days after their arrival, but by the influence of Gen. Alexander W. Doniphan, he was

intimidated, and after searching through the military code of laws and finding that preachers of the gospel who had never done militaiy duty, could not be subject to court martial, he delivered them over to the civil authority, to be tried as persons guilty of ''treason, murder, arson, larceny and theft. ''They underwent a

mock trial, and were then sent to Liberty, in Clay county, where they were put into jail and confined about five months. Poison was

given to them several times, and even human flesh, during this imprisonment.

In July, 1839, the prisoners were removed to Daviess county, to have a trial, it was said, but it was a mere farce—the grand

jury who sat upon their case during the day, acted at night as their guard, and boasted of the bloody deeds they had committed 100 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

at Haun's mill and other places of sad memory. They were, however, indicted for "treason, murder, arson, larceny, theft, and

stealing,"on which they asked for a change of venue to Marion county, but it was refused, and one given for Boone, in removing to which place the sheriff who had them in charge told them that he had been requested by Judge Birch, of Daviess county, never to carry them to Boone county, and give them permission to escape, which they availed themselves of, and Joseph and Hyrum arrived in Quincy, Ills., a few days afterwards. There they were

welcomed by the embraces of their families, and received the congratulations of the Saints and sympathizing friends.

Accompanied by his family, Joseph left Quincy, May 9, 1839, for Commerce, and on the 10th took up their residence in a small log house on the bank of the Missouri river.

About this time the Saints were making out statements of their losses and sufferings in Missouri, to present to the President of the United States, with a petition to Congress for redress, and on the 29th of October Joseph left Nauvoo for Washington, with

Sidney Rigdon and Elias Higbee, the three having been appointed a committee to present the petition. After arriving in Washington, they had an interview with President Martin Van Buren, and

subsequently with John C. Calhoun. It was at this interview that

Mr. Van Buren uttered the well known words—''Gentlemen, your

cause is just, but I can do nothing for you.

Early in February, 1840, seeing that all his efforts were ineffectual to obtain the redress of the wrongs the Saints had endured,

Joseph left the capital for Nauvoo. The remaining four years of

his life may he said to have been chiefly occupied in the building up of that city as a gathering place for the Saints.

After remaining silent for nearly two years, Missouri made a demand on Governor Carlin, of Illinois, for Joseph Smith and others. A writ for their apprehension was issued, but the sheriff

could not find them. The writ was returned to the sheriff, and

the matter di*opped at that time.

Among the numerous revelations which Joseph received from the Lord for the guidance of the Church at large, one received

Jan. 19, 1841, deserves special mention. In that he was com-

. manded to immediately make a proclamation of the gospel to all

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. 101

the kings of the world, to the president andgovernors-elect of the

United States, and to all the nations of the earth. In that revelation, also, were pointed out the duties of various members of the

Priesthood. It required a boarding house to be built for the accommodation of strangers who should go up to Nauvoo to contemplate the work of the Lord, called upon the Saints to come from

afar with their wealth and means, to help to build a temple to the

Lord, in which, among other ordinances of salvation, might be administered baptism for the dead, etc.

In June, 1841, in returning from Quincy to Nauvoo, Joseph was arrested on the writ before referred to, for the purpose of being delivered up to Missouri. A writ of habeas corpus was obtained, and the case was heard at Monmouth, Warren Co., before

Judge Stephen A. Douglas, of the United States Supreme Court,

which resulted in his immediate discharge. The Hon. 0. W.

Browning in addressing the court for the defense, eloquently referred to the cruelties of Missouri. He concluded with the following language—"And shall this unfortunate man, whom their fury

has seen proper to select for sacrifice, be driven into such a savage land, and none dare to enlist in the cause of justice. If there

was no other voice under heaven ever to be heard in this cause, gladly would I stand alone, and proudly spend my last breath in defense of an oppressed American citizen. '

In the summer of 1842, Joseph Smith succeeded John C.

Bennett in the mayoralty of Nauvoo, which office he retained until his death.

Lilburn W. Boggs, exgovernor of Missouri, was shot at and

wounded, at his residence in Independence, Mo., May 6, 1842.

Still as relentless as ever in his purpose to destroy Joseph, he charged him with being accessory before the fact, and applied to

Thos. Reynolds, governor of Missouri, to make a demand upon the

governor of Illinois for him. Accordingly, a writ was served upon

him, Aug. 8, 1842. An investigation into the matter was had on

a writ of habeas corpus, in January, 1843, at Springfield, before the Hon. Nathaniel Pope, judge of the circuit court of the U. S.

for the district of Illinois, which ended in an honorable acquittal, the judge requesting, ''that the decision of the court be entered 102 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

upon the records in such a way, that Mr. Smith be no more troubled

about the matter. '

Missouri, however, still true to her purpose, continued to excite the public mind against Joseph, and made another demand upon Illinois to deliver him up to her for trial on charge of treason;

and in June, while he was visiting at Inlet Grove, twelve miles from Dixon, 111., Joseph H. Reynolds, sheriff of Jackson county,

Mo., and Harman F.Wilson, of Carthage, 111., appeared with a writ

from the governor of Illinois, and arrested him. They drove him

to Dixon in a wagon, and frequently struck him with their pistols on the way, and would have immediately carried him into Missouri to be murdered, but for the interference of the people. With

much difficulty, a writ of habeas corpus was procured at Dixon, and made returnable before the nearest tribunal, in the 5th Judicial

District, authorized to hear and determine upon such writs, which was at Nauvoo. On returning there a writ was sued out and made

returnable before the municipal court, and, upon examination, Joseph was discharged from arrest upon the merits of the case, and upon the further ground of substantial defects in the writ issued by the governor of Illinois.

Missouri was not yet satisfied, but made a requisition upon governor Ford, of Illinois, to call out the militia to retake Joseph.

To this the governor objected, as the laws of the State had been fully exercised in this matter, and everything had been done which the law warranted. The affair cost Joseph upwards of $3, 500.

At Dixon he sued out a writ against Reynolds and Wilson, for false imprisonment, and using unnecessary violence in arresting him. The case was called up for trial May 9, 1844, and a verdict

for the plaintiff was recorded, with $40 damages and the cost of the suit.

The great revelation on marriage given to Joseph was first written July 12, 1843, but it was not published to the world until 1852.

The growing importance of Nauvoo, the increase of members of the Church in all parts of the Union, and in Great Britain, together with the perplexity caused by false friends and apostates in

Nauvoo, made Joseph's duties truly multifarious; but in the midst

of it all, his love for the Saints was constant and his regard for heir interest ever wakeful.

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. 103

The U. S. presidential chair at this time was about to be vacated.

Among the new candidates were John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay,

and to ascertain what would be their rule of action to the Saints as a people, Joseph wrote to each, setting forth how they had been persecuted by Missouri, and had failed to obtain redress, though they had petitioned from the State courts to Congress itself. Veiy exceptional replies were returned, and Joseph rejoined at some length, severely commenting upon them. The number of votes which the Saints could give was not unknown to the

rival parties—Whig and Democrat, and they were courted by both;

but the Saints, who could not feel justified in giving them to either, put Joseph Smith forward as a candidate.

In February, 1844, Joseph issued an address to the American people, declaring his views on all the great leading political topics of the times. This, and the correspondence between him and Calhoun and Clay, were published in the Times and Seasons. Though

Joseph was not elected, this course prevented political demagogues from making a target of the Saints, as had been the case at previous elections, and also would have enabled them, to vote for one whom they considered "honorable, fearless and energetic,"and "that would administer justice with an impartial hand, and magnify and dignify the office of chief magistrate. '

Francis M. Higbee, a member of the Church, had been accused by Joseph Smith, some time in 1842, of seducing several

women, and of other evil conduct, and was brought before Presidents Brigham Young and Hyrum Smith, and others, which much enraged him. Similar charges were preferred against the notorious John C. Bennett. They both confessed and asked forgiveness.

But their repentance was not sincere, and they secretly determined to ruin Joseph. The thing festered in Higbee 's mind until May,

1844, when he sued out a writ, from the circuit court of Hancock county for the arrest of Joseph, on the plea of defamation of character. The damages were laid at $5,000.

Joseph was accordingly arrested, but petitioned the municipal court of Nauvoo for a writ of habeas corpus, that the whole matter might be thoroughly investigated. An examination took place

before that court, and resulted in his discharge; first, from the

illegality of the writ, upon which he was arrested, and, secondly, 104 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

from its being fully proved that the suit was instituted through malice, private pique, and corruption, and ought not to be countenanced.

This led, in quick succession, to the establishment in Nauvoo, of a newspaper called the Nauvoo Expositor, which had for its object the defamation of the citizens who were not of their party.

The foulest libels upon Joseph Smith's private character, and that of other persons, appeared in its columns, and its prospectus actually proposed the repeal of the city charter. The city council falling back upon their prerogatives, contained in the charter, and in

the legislative powers of the city council, declared the Expositor, on account of its filthy contents, a nuisance, and ordered its abatement, which was carried out by the city marshal and the police.

Its proprietors then went to Carthage, the county seat, and sued out a writ against the mayor, marshal, and police for a riot!

The constable from Carthage executing the writ was requested by

Joseph and his companions to return them anywhere else but Carthage, as that place had become the rendezvous of the most hostile opponents of the Saints, and fatal consequences were apprehended if he and the other defendants were taken thither. The constable,

however, refused, upon which the municipal court sued out a writ of habeas corpus, which the charter empowered them to do, and an investigation was had before the court. It resulted in the dismissal of the prisoners, as no riot had been committed, they having only acted in the discharge of a duty imposed upon them by the

city council.

The mobbers refused to recognize the writ of habeas corpus, and the decision of the municipal court, and sent runners through

Hancock and surrounding counties to ignite the already inflammable materials which everywhere abounded in the shape of virulent opposers of the truth, and haters of Joseph Smith and Nauvoo. By this means a mob was raised to again arrest Joseph, or

lay the city in ashes, and literally exterminate its inhabitants.

Volunteers were actually invited from Missouri to join in the unlawful proceeding.

In this emergency, the Nauvoo Legion, numbering between 3,000 and 4,000 men, was placed under arms to defend the city

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. 105

against the mob until the governor should do something in his official capacity. These prompt measures induced the mob to remain in Carthage and Warsaw, and this was the position of the

parties when the governor appeared in that town.

Instead of the mob being -dispersed, and the ringleaders arrested, it was actually mustered into regular service, the governor placing himself at its head. His.first act was to disband the Legion, whose men were standing in defense of their own lives, those

of their wives, children, and of the citizens generally. He then

requested the mayor, marshal and policemen who had been before arrested and discharged, as related, to repair to Carthage and appear before a magistrate to answer the charges preferred against them in the writ; thus, in his capacity as governor and the representative of justice, trampling upon the rights of a chartered city,

habeas corpus and all.

The prisoners were taken to Carthage, June 24, 1844, the public arms were demanded from the Legion, and the city was left defenseless within a half a day's journey of an infuriated mob.

On leaving Nauvoo for Carthage, Joseph expressed himself thus, '1 am going like a lamb to the slaughter; but I am calm as a

summer's morning. I have a conscience void of offense towards

God, and towards all men. I shall die innocent, and it shall yet be

said of me, 'He was murdered in cold blood. ''

The prisoners arrived at Carthage late at night, and on the morning of the 25th, were apprehended on a charge of treason, founded on the affidavits of Henry 0. Norton and Augustine Spencer.

In the afternoon the prisoners appeared before Robert F.

Smith, J. P., to answer to the charge of riot, but by the advice of

counsel, and to prevent further excitement, they voluntarily entered into recognizances in the sum of $500 each for their appearance at the next term of the circuit court for the county.

Joseph and Hyrum had not been at liberty above half an hour, before they were waited upon by constable Bettesworth, who had arrested them in the morning on the charge of treason. He insisted upon their going to jail with him, but their counsel, Messrs.

Woods and Reid, objected to it, as they were entitled to an exam.

106 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ination before they could be sent to jail. The constable holding a

mittimus from Justice Smith, they were conveyed to jail, ''there to remain until discharged in due course of law."

The next day Justice Smith commanded the constable to bring the prisonors before him for examination. The jailor refused to

give them up. The justice then sent a body of ''Carthage Greys,

of which he was captain, and they, by intimidation and threats, procured Joseph and Hyrum, and brought them before him. The

counsel for the prisoners expressed a wish for subpoenas for witnesses from Nauvoo, which were granted, and the examination was postponed until 12 o'clock on the 27th.

On the first day of their imprisonment Joseph and Hyrum were visited by Governor Ford, who, after a lengthy conversation upon the leading causes which had given rise to the difficulties, promised them protection, and pledged his word and the faith and honor of the State, that they should be protected. He had made this pledge

on a previous occasion. The governor also stated that he intended

to march into Nauvoo at the head of the force which had assembled, to gratify them, and that the prisoners would accompany him, and afterwards return to attend the trial before the magistrate, which had been postponed to the 29th. This intention was

not, however, fully carried into effect. The troops were disbanded,

except two companies—one from McDonnough county and the other

the Carthage Greys. At the head of the first the governor marched

to Nauvoo, on the 27th of June, but without the prisoners; they

were left in prison with the Carthage Greys to protect—the same

men who had just previously mutinied, and came near shedding their blood in the governor's presence.

After his arrival at Nauvoo, the governor called the citizens together, and addressed them for about twenty minutes in a most insulting manner, and while the outraged citizens of Nauvoo were listening to this harangue, the Prophet and his brother were being murdered in jail.

Between the hours of 5 and 6 in the afternoon of this memorable day (June 27, 1844') a mob, numbering nearly one hundred and fifty men, disguised by masks and painted faces, rushed upon the jail, overpowered the guard, and shot Joseph and Hyrum dead.

Elder John Taylor was wounded with four bullets, and a fifth struck

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. 107

his watch which saved his life. The fingers pointed to 5 h., 16

m., 26 sec, leaving on record the exact time when the tragedyoccurred.

Joseph Smith's whole life was one of extraordinary activity.

In about twenty years he brought forward and translated the Book of Mormon; received numerous revelations, from which the Book

of Doctrine and Covenants is mainly compiled; caused his mission

to be proclaimed in the four quarters of the globe, and saw, according to many authorities, more than 50,000 persons receive it;

founded and built up a city, to which people gathered, and built one temple at Kirtland, and partially another at Nauvoo. From

first to last he was involved in about fifty lawsuits, arising out of the persecutions of his enemies, but came out of the legal furnace ''without the smell of fire, or a thread of his garment scorched. '

For a period, in 1842, he edited the Times and Seasons, and at his death was mayor of Nauvoo; lieutenantgeneral of the Nauvoo

Legion (a portion of th.e State militia), one of the regents of the

Nauvoo University, and a member of the Nauvoo Agricultural and

Manufacturing association. He had four sons, Joseph, Frederick

G. W., Alexander, and Don Carlos, and a fifth, David H., was born

about five months after his assassination. He was tenderly attached to his family, and in private life was always cheerful and

agreeable. In public capacity he was courteous and affable. He

was not suspicious, and believed that all men were honest, which drew around him several hypocrites and designing, wicked men, who caused him much sorrow, and were the source of his chief persecutions. He was truly inspired of God, and commensurate with

his holy calling, so that ''without learning, without means, and without experience, he met a learned world, a rich century, a hardhearted, wicked and adulterous generation, with truth that could not be disproved. '

Salt Lake City, Utah.

JOSEPH SMITH AS A BOY.

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

With the knowledge we have of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, and looking back a hundred years to the birth of the prophet Joseph, the question naturally arises: "Can a good

tree bring forth evil fruit?"We are informed that false prophets

are also known by their fruits. ''By their fruits ye shall know

them,"says the Redeemer. That Joseph was a true prophet and

brought forth good fruit is evidenced by the Latterday Saints.

They are the fruits of the doctrine, and the result of the organization, which he was instrumental in the hands of God, in bringing forth. All that they have and are bear record that they are the

product of a good tree which has brought forth good fruit.

It could not be otherwise. How inconsistent, therefore, to

charge Joseph Smith with being an imposter, a moneydigger, and a deceiver! Let us look at him as a boy, and see if one reared as

he was could be inclined to great evil. To me there is a sweet

fascination in the contemplation of his childhood and youth. I love

to contemplate the innocence and the artless simplicity of his boyhood. It bears record that he was honest, that he was led by the

Spirit of God, to perform his wonderful mission. How could a

child at his age be impelled by other than honest motives in the accomplishment of his high and holy calling? What he did

he was led to do by the inspiration and guidance of his heavenly

Father; of this I feel assured.

He was much like other children; his play was like that of his

companions; his thoughts, like those of most children, were innocent, and consequently he was incapable of the knavery and connivance that his enemies declare he practiced. Though poor, his

JOSEPH SMITH AS A BOY. 109

parents were honest and good; they delighted in the truth, and it

was their honest desire to live according to the best light within them. Love and good will to all, found expression in Iheir hearts

and acts; and their children were imbued with like sentiments.

They were firm believers in God, and trusted in his watchcare over his children. They had frequently received manifestations of his

loving kindness, in dreams, visions and inspirations; and God had

healed their little ones in answer to prayer, when they were nigh unto death. It was in such an atmosphere that the boy was

reared.

Joseph was a remarkably quiet and welldisposed child who gave his parents little or no trouble. As early as the age of eight, he gave

proof that, besides being thoughtful, easily governed, and of sweet and loving disposition, he possessed the foundation principles of a filial affection, patience, endurance, courage. Angood character—

incident related by his mother will illustrate. Typhoid fever had

left him with a fever sore between his breast and shoulder, and he suffered excruciating pain for more than two weeks before the cause was discovered. The sore was then lanced, at which the

pain left it, but shot into his leg, so that with that he suffered the greatest agony for several weeks more. His mother carried him

for most of the two weeks in her arms, until she was worn out;

whereupon, his elder brother Hyrum, noted for his tenderness, sympathy, and trustworthiness, insisted on watching by his bedside. He sat faithfully beside his brother with the affected leg in

his hands so that Joseph might the better endure the pain. Several incisions were made at different times, but to no seeming purpose, the pain of the little sufferer becoming each time more intense. At length the doctors decided to amputate the leg, but

the mother protested, and the doctors concluded to make one more trial to heal the affected bone, by operation.

* 'We have come again, ''said the doctors, approaching the patient boy's bed. "Yes,"said Joseph, "but you have not come

to take off my leg, have you, sir?"He was assured that, on the

request of his mother, only an incision was contemplated. Then

the principal surgeon asked that cords be brought to bind him to the bed while the operation was performed,—for anesthetics were

unknown. To this Joseph objected, courageously answering that

110 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

he could endure it, if he had his liberty. "Will you, then, take

some brandy or wine?""No;"exclaimed Joseph, "I will not

touch one particle of liquor, neither will I be tied down; but I will

will have m.y father sit on the bed andtell you what I will do—I

hold me in his arms, and then I will do whatever is necessary in order to have the bone taken out!"Then, looking at his mother,

he said, "Mother, I want you to leave the room, for I know you can not bear to see me suffer so; father can stand it, but you have

carried me so much, and watched over me so long, you are almost worn out. Now, mother, promise me that you will not stay, will

you? The Lord will help me, and I shall get through with it."

And God did help him through. But here, in the child, the boy,

what evidence have we not of love and anxiety for mother; what

confidence in father; what endurance, what patience in suffering,

what selfreliance, what love of liberty, what temperance,. what

courage! Can such a spirit later befoul its purity with duplication and deceit? Impossible. These evils are not the fruits of such

a tree; rather these traits and virtues which the boy exhibited are

the foundation principles of true character; and, belonging to the

boy, they became second nature to the man. Such childhood is

the basis of such manhood.

Now what shall we say of the wonderful manifestation to him some seven or eight years later when he was still a boy of about fourteen years of age? It was in the early spring of 1820 when

this same child, in answer to the word of God in James, sought

God in prayer to know the right. He declares that in reply to his

petition, he saw a pillar of light descending gradually until it fell upon him: "When the light rested upon me,"he testifies in his

own language, "I saw two personages, whose brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of them

spake unto me, calling me by name, and said, pointing to the other, 'This is my beloved Son, hear him.'"

Is it reasonable to suppose that there could have been premeditated deceit on the part of the boy, and such a boy, in his simple statement of what he saw? No; neither could the answer

which the heavenly messenger gave to him have been composed in the child's own mind. Note the plainness and simplicity of his

following statements. He says:

JOSEPH SMITH AS A BOY. Ill

I asked the personages who stood above me in the light, which of all the sects was right—and which I should join. I was answered that I must join none of

them, for they were all wrong; and the personage who addressed me said that all

the creeds were an abomination in his sight; that those professors were all corrupt

that they draw near to me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me; they

teach for doctrines the commandments of men, having a form of Godliness, but they deny the power thereof.

Keeping these things in mind, and many others which might be referred to of a similar nature in the boy's early life, let the doubter who considers the child an imposter, call up a noble lad of fourteen years before him. Let the reader do it. Look at him

carefully, and ask yourselves, what motives underlie his acts and words; and decide when you look at him whether in his young life

there is apt to be premeditated schemes of deception, pertaining to such mature and really wonderful things as those about which the boy Joseph was making declarations and statements, with the earnest simplicity of youth! No; here is yet uncontaminated

childhood, that will tell its story straight; childhood that will out

with the full, unvarnished truth. Joseph declared in the simplicity of his noble boyhood that he had seen this vision, and that he

knew it to be true. It is a wonder, considering the circumstances,

that he should not be believed, and received with rejoicing as a favored prophet of God.

On the contrary, he was persecuted and made sport of by ministers of religion who above all should have hailed him as favored of God. No wonder that in later life he thought how very

strange it was that an obscure boy, a little over fourteen years of age, one doomed, too, to the necessity of obtaining a scanty maintenance by his daily labors, should create in the great ones of the most popular sects of the day, a spirit of most bitter persecution and reviling just because he had testified that he had seen a vision. Thanksgiving and repentance would have been more appropriate on their part.

And this bitter opposition and persecution from the religious organizations continued in the interval up to the twentythird of

September, 1823, during which seemingly uneventful time in his life the boy continued to labor with his father in the field, and to prepare himself for important events to come. Then it was that

the hiding place of the sacred records of Cumorah, containing the 1 ] 2 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

fulness of the gospel was revealed to him by ministering angels, with many other precious truths, which finally led to the publication of the Book of Mormon and the organization of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, with power and authority from

God, because of what was conferred upon Joseph, to officiate in the name of the Lord.

Joseph Smith's testimony, concerning these things, in later life, was as simple, straightforward, plain and true as it had been in childhood; his fidelity, courage, and love, implanted in and characteristic of his life in boyhood, neither faltered nor changed.

One marked illustration of this was his love for children. He

never saw a child but he desired to take it up and bless it, and many he did so bless, taking them in his arms and upon his knee.

I have myself sat upon his knee. He was so fond of children that

he would go far out of his way to speak to a little one, which is to me a striking characteristic of true manhood.

His was true love for the human race. His life was definitely

characteristic of the great principle expressed in his prayer in

Liberty jail. (Doctrine and Covenants, section 121: 39). He reproved at times with sharpness, when moved upon by the Holy

Ghost, but afterward showed forth an increase of love toward him whom he reproved, lest the latter should esteem him an enemy.

He was full of charity toward all men, and virtue indeed garnished his thoughts.

He exercised dominion and authority by persuasion, longsuf- fering, gentleness, meekness, and love unfeigned, until kindness and pure knowledge enlarged his manly soul without hypocrisy and without guile. He waxed strong in the presence of God, and the

doctrine of the Priesthood distilled upon his soul as the dews from heaven.

Can such a tree bring forth evil fruit? No; verily, no.

When, at last, having demonstrated these qualities all his days, he freely gave his life for his testimony and his people, he had succeeded in outlining the work of the Lord, and in revealing to mankind the foundation principles of all progress and salvation.

I know, and have known, from my childhood, that he was a prophet of God, and I believe in his divine mission with all my heart; and

in the authenticity and inspiration of the revelations which he reHYRUM SMITH, THE PATmARCH.

Born February 9. 18tX), in Tunbridge. Orange County, Vermont;

Martyred at Carthage, Illinois, June 27, 1844.

JOSEPH SMITH AS A BOY: 113

ceived, and the Book of Mormon which he was instrumental in bringing forth. Many people, a century from this centennial anniversary, will bear testimony to similar knowledge and light, for

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is the undying work of God.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

A CHILD'S REMEMBRANCE OF THE LAST TIME SHE SAW

JOSEPH SMITH.

BY MRS. SARAH RICH MILLER, DAUGHTER OF APOSTLE

CHARLES C. RICH.

The Prophet, and my father. General C. C. Rich, were associated together in many ways, both military and civil, and the

Prophet came frequently to our home to see my father on business, and would notice us children. We called him Uncle Joseph.

A few days before his death, he, in company with his brother

Hyrum and several men on horseback, were passing, and my little brother and myself were out playing. We saw them, and I called

out, ''Uncle Joseph!"He heard me, and, reigning up his horse,

he motioned for us to come to him. We ran out, and he put his

hand down and drew me up on his foot in the stirrup, and kissed me. I boosted my little brother Joseph up, and he kissed him, and

told us to go into the house and be good children.

I never saw him again; a few days after this, my mother told

me he was dead, also Brother Hyrum, and that grandfather and my mother were going out to meet the bodies. I watched, and saw

the procession, and a wagon covered with green boughs or bushes, and a lot of people in carriages, and on horseback, like a funeral procession. This made such an impression on me that I never forgot it, and it always causes a sad feeling when I speak or think of

it. My father was in Michigan, at the time, electioneering for

General Smith, and distributing his Views on Government.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

JOSEPH SMITH AS A MAN.

BY PROFESSOR WILLARD DONE.

In viewing the lives and labors of men, we are prone to re1gard them wholly or chiefly from the standpoint of their specia calling, rather than the characters of the men themselves. We

are inclined to allow the official capacity in which a man labors to hide the man himself from us, as in a mist. By his work and calling he is usually placed on an eminence, where he is but dimly

seen and therefore but poorly appreciated, in his capacity as a man. As Moses'face was hidden by a veil, so do we allow the

personality of our friends, especially those who attain to prominence, to be hidden from us by the official position in which they stand. And this is unfortunate; for the lovable and admirable

traits of men, the moods and impulses of ''the human heart which faints and trembles, ''are among the most precious heritages God has given to the world. To love a man is much better than merely

to respect the position he holds; and we cannot love him unless we

know him. It has often occurred to me that the unfaltering love

and stanch devotion of the women who followed Christ, may be largely attributed to the fact that they, more than the men who knew him, understood and appreciated his personal glory and goodness, and did not think and dispute so much as the men, of his claims to Messiahship. And it is one of the strongest incentives to right living, for us to become closely familiar with the

righteous lives of others. If to know certain men is a liberal education, then to love and emulate them is a much more valuable discipline, and we cannot emulate unless we know.

Joseph Smith, like all other men of strong character, plainly manifested his personality in the work he did. It would be as

JOSEPH SMITH AS A MAN. 115

well not to look for the imprint of the die on the newly issued coin, as not to expect to see the imprint of the prophet's personality on the work he was called to do. He was strongly human, and therefore his life and character as a man appeal most forcibly to our

human sympathies. And he stood remarkably well the test to

which, in the end, we must all be subjected—those who knew him

best loved him most. This test he stood, it may truthfully be

said, as well as any man whose history we have, an exception being made in the case of the one Divine Person who has lived a mortal life on the earth, the Lord Jesus Christ. To my unvv'orthy

pen has been submitted the task of treating this phase of the life of our great prophet, his personality as a man.

A brief description of his personal appearance would perhaps not be out of place. He is described as a symmetrically built man,

fully six feet in height, and weighing about two hundred pounds.

His eyes were blue, and very clear. Of his features, his friend

and close associate, Parley P. Pratt has written:

His countenance was ever mild, affable, beaming with intelligence and benevolence; mingled with a look of interest and an unconscious smile or cheerfulness,

and entirely free from all restraint or affectation of gravity; and there was something connected with the serene and steady penetrating glance of his eye, as if he

would penetrate the deepest abyss of the human heart, gaze into eternity, penetrate the heavens, and comprehend all worlds.

His complexion was remarkably clear, due to the uniform tint of his skin, and the absence of a beard. His hair was light brown,

and of a glossy smoothness, waving, and of fine texture. Those

who met him, both friends and strangers, unite in referring to him as a handsome man; and one person has said that the portraits of

him extant fall so far short of doing him justice, that they should be called mere caricatures. His physical strength and activity

were in keeping with his size; and through a temperate and abstemious life he retained and fostered his bodily powers.

In keeping with his great physical strength, were the feats of skill and endurance which he performed. He excelled in running,

wrestling, jumping, and manly games. He indulged in these pastimes when occasion offered, and was always ready for a goodnatured frolic. And I think it may be safely said that no one of

his acquaintance cared to challenge him more than once to a con116 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

test in any of these directions. Yet, with all his physical strength

and agility, he manifested in his actions the tenderness and gentleness which, going with such strength, softehs it and sanctifies it to the good of mankind. He exemplified the words of Shakespeare,

'*0, it is excellent to have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous

to use it like a giant."No one.has ever accused the Prophet

Joseph Smith, no matter what his provocation may have been at times, of using his physical superiority to gain undue advantage over others.

With such strength he would be expected to possess strong human nature. With it would naturally go a fondness for

physical exercise, for athletic sports, and for the good things of life. He was no pale ascetic, mortifying the body, arid wasting it

away by long fasts and secret vigils. Such was not his work, and

such was not his nature. He was destined to mingle with men, to

partake of their joys and sorrows, not to keep himself aloof from them and from the stirring, momentous events of the day. He

could be abstemious all the time, and could endure fasts and other privations when necessary; but with him it was a duty to look to

his health and to preserve his body by proper nourishment and care. He knew that the lawful appetites were given to men to be

lawfully enjoyed. In accordance with this knowledge, he partook

of physical enjoyment, and allowed each appetite its legitimate indulgence. On this account, he has been called by some of his

enemies a sensualist—a man who broke through all restraint to

pamper his bodily appetites. How far from the truth this accusation is, will be seen at once when we look at the work he did, the

spirituality he manifested, and the influence for goodness and morality he exerted on his associates. And it may be well to remark that the same accusation was hurled against the purest One

that ever lived. Messiah, himself, was called a winebibber and a

glutton, because he did not manifest the same asceticism that John the Baptist and others displayed.

Yet it has now come to be admitted, by those who are not extremists, that asceticism is not religion. Abstemiousness is a part

of true religion, but so also is the proper use of the physical appetites with which man is endowed. Joseph Smith understood this

matter fully, and ordered his life along the lines of proper abstemiousness and temperance. He enjoyed life in all its legitimate

JOSEPH SMITH AS A MAN. 117

phases, but he did not pamper the appetites or misuse the powers of his physical organism.

He was possessed of strong feelings. Yet these feelings and

his strong temper were under perfect control. With his strength

he combined, when necessary, the mildness of a lamb. When the

rights of his people were assailed, he manifested the strength of a lion in their defense. Yet there was no one who could endure

longer, when necessary, personal wrong. Two instances will serve

to illustrate this characteristic. When he was approaching his

death, and his prophetic foresight had apparently told him it was imminent, his thought was all for his people and the preservation of their rights. During his last public address, standing before

the people of Nauvoo in the strength of his splendid personality, he drew his sword and uttered the words:

I call God and angels to witness that I have unsheathed my sword with a firm and unalterable determination that this people shall have their legal rights, and be protected from mob violence, or my blood shall be spilt upon the ground like water, and my body consigned to the silent tomb. While I live I will never tamely

submit to the dominion of cursed mobocracy

The other incident, as related by the prosepoet. Parley P.

Pratt, serves to illustrate how long he would endure personal insult and discomfort before rebuking his tormentors; and how he

arose in his wrath even then, not so much on account of his own accute sufferings, as because the wrongs of his people were being brutally recounted. He and his associates were in a jail in the

small village of Richmond, in Ray County, Missouri. The guard

was composed of mobocrats who had committed unmentionable crimes against the Saints at Far West. In their brutal way they

told of the terrible things they had done, mentioning all the revolting details. Night after night their vile language had

assaulted the ears of the prisoners, and yet Joseph Smith and the others had endured it. But as they continued to particularize the

deeds they had committed, and the prophet became aroused beyond endurance, he asserted the magnificent manliness of his nature.

Apostle Pratt's account of the incident is so striking, that I insert it:

On a sudden he arose to his feet and spoke in a voice of thunder, or as the roaring lion, uttering, as near as I can recollect, the following words:

"Silence, ye fiends of the infernal pit! In the name of Jesus Christ, I rebuke

118 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

you and command you to be still; I will not live another minute and hear such language. Cease such talk, or you or I die this instant."

He ceased to speak. He stood erect in terrible majesty. Chained, and without a weapon, calm, unruffled, and dignified as an angel, he looked down upon the

quailing guards, whose knees smote together, and who, shrinking into a corner, or crouching at his feet, begged his pardon, and remained quiet until exchange of guards.

I have seen ministers of justice, clothed in ministerial robes, and criminals arraigned before them, while life was suspended upon a breath, in the courts of

England; I have witnessed a congress in solemn session to give laws to nations; I

have tried to conceive of kings, of royal courts, of thrones and crowns, and of emperors assembled to decide the fate of kingdoms; but dignity and majesty have I

seen but once, as it stood in chains, at midnight, in a dungeon, in an obsure village jn Missouri.

It has been said that a strong temper is an excellent thing to have, if one can only keep it. A temper commensurate with his

strength Joseph Smith certainly had. His ability to keep it, even

under the most trying circumstances, was frequently illustrated.

And the true test of a man's greatness is found, not so much in the possession of will power, temper, physical or mental strength, and appetites and passions, as in his ability to control them. No

man was ever great without these; yet no man can ever be great

who does not control them. And the mastery over self shows

greatness commensurate with the powers of the self that is brought under control. Judged by this standard, with the knowlege that

he was one of the strongest of men in feelings, will, and physical power, Joseph Smith, in his mastery over these elements of self, looms far above the average man.

Joseph Smith had a great mission to perform. He stood, by

Divine appointment, at the head of the greatest Gospel Dispensation in the history of the world. A man of smaller caliber might

have felt unduly the greatness of his calling, and assumed a certain superiority or affected an unwarranted solemnity. In such a

case he would have made himself ridiculous. In this day and age of

the world, the man who is not natural, is never taken seriously. A

sense of humor is a prime requisite even for the man of preemin- ently serious affairs. In this respect Joseph Smith was not wanting. Skillful as he was in physical bouts, he was not less so in

tests of wit and repartee. This characteristic was a part, and a

most important one, of his strong human nature. He may have

JOSEPH SMITH AS A MAN. 119

offended by keen wit, delicate humor, 'broad satire, the ultrapious ones who would expect to find in a prophet a man more sanctimonious than themselves; but to those who knew him best, this trait of

his character was one of the most delightful.

A noble courtesy was another of his admirable traits. It

mattered not to whom he spoke, or what the circumstances of his social or conversational intercourse, he was always the considerate, courteous gentleman. Whether taking part in controversy with

the great men of the nation on affairs of state; or mingling with

his friends in serious converse or social recreation; or undergoing

difficulties which would try the souls of smaller men; or directing

words of kindness to children and the helpless in distress, his words and actions were dignified with the gentle courtesy which distinguishes the truly great man. In connection with this trait, I

would mention another, closely allied to it: his tender heart and

easily aroused sympathies. Never were his ears closed to the cry

for help and succor; never did he withhold the assistance which he

was able to give to the worthy. Indeed, it has been charged

against him that he was not sufficiently careful in discriminating against the unworthy who appealed to him for help. Coldblooded

and calculating he could not be. It was not his nature. Even in

the difficulties and wrongs which he endured in the later years of his life, he held out a hand of sympathy and succor to friends and enemies alike.

And he fulfilled the great law of giving, in that he gave not only what he had, but what he was. His life as well as his substance was at the command of others. No more striking illustration of this trait can be named, than his willingness to minister to

the sick, and use the wonderful healing power he possessed. I am

reminded of the time when he walked from one feverstricken house to another, along the river bank of the malariainfected town of Commerce, and healed the sick and raised the dying; until,

the calls becoming too numerous for his time and strength, he continued his own labors, and sent his handkerchief by the hand of

Wilford Woodruff', with the promise, miraculously fulfilled, that those who touched it should be healed through their faith, even as if he himself were there. To such a cause as this, he was willing

to give his strength, his health, and, if need be, his life. Nor

120 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

was this element of giving and of sympathy lacking in his death;

he died not only that his testimony might be sealed with his blood, but that his people might be saved from the mob.

In his death, another phase of his character was illustrated:

his affectionate disposition, and especially his love for his brother

Hyrum. From the sad moment when he sorrowfully turned his

steps back to Nauvoo, with the heartbreaking words, "If my life is of no value to my friends, it is of none to me,"to the moment when he cried, "0, my dear brother Hyrum,"to the stricken solicitlast words he uttered to mortal man—he wasbrother,—the

ous for his people and for that brother. Fain would he have insisted on Hyrum's being spared martyrdom, had not the faithful

brother clung to him to the death. If ever, in these modern times,

there has been an illustration of man's love for man, "surpassing the love of a woman, ''that illustration was found in the case of

Joseph and Hyrum Smith. And yet this affection was but the love,

in concentrated form, which he felt for his people, and for the world. It was a love for all mankind, wicked as well as righteous.

He discriminated between the man and his deeds; and he was

wont to say, "I love all men, but I don't like the actions of some of them."Of his bravery and coolness in the midst of danger, and his willingness to bear more than his share of hardship and peril, I need hardly speak. This characteristic is manifested in all the

acts of his life. He was preeminently selfsacrificing. And I am

not sure but that, when the list of earth's great ones is made complete, the greatest will be those who have been most noted for the sacrifice of self to a noble cause. As it will be headed by the name

of Messiah, the greatest of all in this as in other noble traits, it will contain that of the leader of this dispensation as among the most glorious.

Joseph Smith was fitted by nature and by Divine endowment, ''personal magnetism. 'to be a leader. We hear a great deal about

It is a term used, for the want of a better one, to designate the quality which draws men to a man, and makes them his followers.

Of this quality Joseph Smith had enough to mark him as one of the world's greatest leaders. A person's fitness for leadership is

not truly tested in the midst of ease and pleasant surroundings.

JOSEPH SMITH AS A MAN. 121

Washington, Lee, Greene, and other noted generals, are called great not because of their opportunities, but because of what they did in spite of lack of opportunities. Their true leadership consisted in the strength and devotion of their followers in the face of

difficulties the most appalling. Judged from this standpoint, the

work of Joseph Smith stands preeminent. As in the darkest night

the dimmest stars are visible and brightest, so in the darkness of the times in which he labored, is the devotion of his followers the most manifest and touching. And the quality by which he held

them to him, and deserved and gained their unfaltering trust and devotion, constituted him one of the world's greatest leaders.

Whether personal magnetism, inherent strength and goodness, or inspiration, it is called, or all these together, Joseph Smith possessed the quality of leadership to a marked degree.

Of his naturalness and true humility, mention has already been made. This trait made him great in the work to which he was

called; for, next to pronounced spirituality, it was the characteristic

most needed to fit a man to stand at the head of the Latterday

Dispensation of the gospel. No task looking to the comfort and

advancement of his people, was too menial for him to perform; no

hardship too severe for him to share with his friends. In work

and in play, in joy and in sorrow, in prosperity and in adversity, he was one of the people. Their hopes were his hopes, their hardships his hardships, their toil his toil, and his were their joys and

their sorrows. ''He that is great among you, let him be the servant of all. ''No leader has more nobly followed this admonition

of Jesus, than Joseph Smith. A humble, submissive servant of

God, he was, whenever occasion offered, the devoted servant of

God's people.

And this brings us to his great, crowning, overruling characteristic, the one which dominated all his work, and shaped not only his own life but the destiny of his people:—his spirituality

and willingness to be guided by inspiration. It was a trait much

needed in the age in which he lived and labored. The era of materialism was setting in, and its influence was sweeping the land

like a flood. The time was opportune for the coming of a man with

the mission of restoring the true spiritual faith, and of leading men's minds to it. To perform this mission, he must himself incline

122 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

toward the spiritual element in life, and be dominated by it. This

requirement Joseph Smith met fully and perfectly. How well he

was fitted for this great spiritual work, let the results of his labors testify. And yet, we do not need to depend entirely upon his

followers for a testimony of this wonderful trait in the character of our Prophet. A writer for the New York Herald, who saw

Joseph Smith at Nauvoo, in 1842, speaks thus of him:

In the present infidel, irreligious, ideal, geological, animalmagnetic age of the world, some such singular prophet as Joseph Smith is required to preserve the principle of faith, and to plant some new germs of civilization that may come to maturity in a thousand years. While modern philosophy, which believes in

nothing but what you can touch, is overspreading the Atlantic states, Joseph Smith is creating a spiritual system, combined also with morals and industry, that may change the destiny of the race. We certainly want some such prophet to start up,

take a big hold of the public mind—and stop the torrent of materialism that is

hurrying the world into infidelity, immorality, licentiousness, and crime.

This is a sincere tribute to the spirituality of Joseph Smith, from one, upon meeting him, who recognized that as one of his great characteristics. In the realm of the spiritual he labored.

It was his natural element. From the fateful spring morning,

when, in answer to his fervent prayer, he saw the spiritual effulgence, and then looked upon the Father and the Son, through all the scenes of his life, he found his greatest work, and his chief solace in the spiritual. And in his communion with the heavenly

beings who vouchsafed him visitations, and in his rapt contemplation of visions of glory, and in his enjoyment of the fulness of spiritual power, he manifested the highest, the greatest, the most blessed of all the traits God can give to his children, the power to comprehend the spiritual, and to enter into communion with it.

An incomplete, unsatisfactory charactersketch of the man,

Joseph Smith, is presented above. Indeed, it were difficult for any

person to make a complete characterization of such a man as he.

His character is portrayed in the work he founded; and as it grows

and flourishes, and spreads its beneficence abroad, in it will be seen the reflection, more plainly than man can portray it, and growing clearer and brighter as the years roll on, of the wonderful personality of the great leader, and the gentle, bold, and noble man who was its earthly founder.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

JOSEPH SMITH AS PHILOSOPHER.

BY DR. JOHN A, WIDTSOE, DIRECTOR DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY.

INTRODUCTION.

In its broadest sense, philosophy includes all that man mayknow of the universe—of himself and of the things about him.

To be worthy of its name, a system of philosophy must possess certain comprehensive, fundamental principles, which, if clearly understood, make intelligible to the human mind any or all of the phenomena in the universe. The simpler these foundation principles are, the greater is the system as a philosophy. In the

words of Spencer, 'Philosophy is knowledge of the highest degree of generality, "or "completely unified knowledge."*

It is through the possession of general natural laws, around which all minor laws cluster and find explanation, that man obtains power over nature, and a full understanding of her ways.

For example, it would be a herculean labor, involving infinite pains, to trace out in detail the motions of each heavenly body. If

the law of gravitation is understood, it is really unnecessary to attempt such a labor, for the law of gravitation explains all the motions of planetary or stellar bodies. The law of gravitation is

a philosophical principle of great generality.

It is to be observed, that the great laws of nature are inferred only from a number of lesser laws that have been gathered by man. A generalization which is not built upon numerous confirmatory observations, is at best an uncertain guess, which can be accepted only when demonstrated to be correct by numerous isolated

* First Principles, pp. 133 and 136.

124 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

experiences. The rational philosopher proceeds from the many to

the few; he groups and groups again, until the wide, fundamental laws have been attained.

In olden days, and at times today, this method was not pursued. A philosopher, so called, would assume that a certain statement or idea were true. Upon this idea an elaborate, speculative,

philosophical superstructure was reared. If by chance, and the

chance usually came, the fundamental notion were shown to be false, the whole system fell with a crash into the domain of untruth.

It is the glory of modern science that by its methods, innumerable facts, correct so far as present instruments and man's senses will allow, have been gathered; and, that present day philosophy is

built upon these certain facts. The errors, if any exist, of this philosophy lie not in the foundation stones, but in the inferences

that have been drawn from them. Modern philosophy rests upon the

truths of the universe, and not upon the wild speculations of men.

The purpose of this article is, first, to point out the generalizations that modern philosophy accepts as explaining all that happens in the universe; then, to show that the fundamental doctrines

laid down by Joseph Smith are identical with those of modern philosophy, and that in many cases the Prophet anticipated the scientists in the full and correct statement of many of these laws. If

the argument is convincing, it will certainly be a strong evidence of the divine nature of the work of the Prophet Joseph Smith. For

nearly six thousand years the philosophers of the world guessed at the fundamental truths of the universe, without hitting upon the truth as revealed by science. If Joseph Smith did succeed in

building a true philosophy, as judged by the modern light of knowledge, he was certainly something more than the greatest thinkers of the age preceding him—he was inspired of God. As in other

fields, so in the domain of philosophy, "Mormonism"will drive all other "isms"to cover. In no sense does this brief article attempt to outline thevyhole of ''Mormon"philosophy.

THE FUNDAMENTAL CONCEPTION OF THE UNIVERSE.

The philosophy of science, which is the basis of all rational philosophy, rests upon the doctrine of the indestructibility of matter. According to science, matter cannot be destroyed, and it is

JOSEPH SMITH AS PHILOSOPHER. 125

unthinkable that it ever was created. True, matter may appear in

various forms: the tangible coal may escape through the chimneys

as an intangible gas; water may vanish into vapor; gold may unite

with acids to form compounds entirely unlike gold. However, the

weight of the coal in the gases passing through the chimney is the same as the weight of the coal fed into the stove; the water vapor

in the air weighs precisely as much as the water that was in the vessel; the gold in the compound weighs the same as the metallic

gold used; in every case matter has been changed into another

form, but has not been destroyed.

Along with this fundamental principle, science holds the doctrine of the indestructibility of energy. Matter of itself is dead

and useless; it is only when it is in motion or in the possession of

energy that it can take part in the processes of nature. Matter

without energy is not known to man; however inert it may be, it

possesses some energy. The ultimate particles of all things,

in motion; that is, they posrock and plant, and beast and man—are

sess energy. The immediate source of energy for this earth is

the sun, though the ultimate source of universal energy is not known.

, Energy may appear in various forms, as light, heat, electricity, magnetism, gravitation and mechanical motion; and each of these

forms of energy may be changed into any of the others. In every

change, however, there is no loss, but simply a change of condition. That which men call energy, the vivifying principle of matter, is indestructible. It has never had a beginning, and shall

never have an end.

To the mind of man, however, a motion independent of something in motion, is inconceivable. An ocean wave without water is

nonsense. It is equally difficult to conceive of energy which is

immaterial, passing from the sun to the earth, through empty space. There must be something between the earth and the sun,

which carries the energy. Such reflections have led the thinkers

to the belief that all space is filled with a subtle medium, now called the ether, through which energy passes in the form of waves. Every new discovery in science has tended to establish

the correctness of this theory. Today, few doctrines of science

are so well established as that of the universal ether. The ether

is a refined kind of matter which fills all space, and permeates all 126 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

things. It is in the table on which I write; in and through the ink;

between the ultimate particles of the glass of the ink bottle. This

earth, and all heavenly bodies, are simply suspended in the alland- everpresent ocean of ether. By the agency of the ether, energy

is carried from the sun to the earth, and may be carried anywhere in space. Light, heat, electricity, magnetism and gravitation are all various manifestations of ether motion.

A word is spoken. The physical act of producing sound

causes a disturbance in the ether, which is carried on in the form of ether waves. On through all space, radiating from the place

where the word was spoken, they go. The spoken word can never

die. The ether ocean has it in its keeping. Thus it is with all

our earthly deeds. Marconi disturbs the ether with his instruments; the ether waves fly with lightning speed into the whole

universe. With another instrument, properly tuned, anywhere on

this earth, one of the escaping waves may be caught, and the message read. So, also, when the proper receiving instrument is discovered, may the spoken word be read. The ether ocean is an imperishable and absolutely faithful record of all that happens in the universe.

On these three doctrines, the indestructibility of matter, the indestructibility of energy, and the existence of the universal ether, rest primarily the explanations of the phenomena of nature. Hand

in hand they stand, an almost perfect example of the greatness of the human mind.

Does the religion founded by Joseph Smith rest upon the same or similar laws? "Mormonism"claims that it embraces all knowledge; that there is no essential difference between matter and spirit,

between the physical and the spiritual. If so, that which is fundamental in all external nature must be fundamental in theology.

To the very beginner in ''Mormon"theology, it is a familiar fact that

Joseph Smith taught that matter is eternal, and has not been nor can be created. Matter is coexistent with God. God, himself, is

material, in the sense that his body is composed of a refined kind of matter. In the fundamental laws that underlie all nature, there

is perfect harmony between science and "Mormonism."Few religions can say as much. In most systems of theology, it is assumed

that the ruling power, God, can create matter. In "Mormon"

theology he can only organize it.

JOSEPH SMITH AS PHILOSOPHER. 127

It is not quite so well understood that the doctrine of the indestructibility of energy lies also at the foundation of "Mormon"theology, and was taught by Joseph Smith. It was clearly comprehended by the Prophet and his associates that intelligence is

the vivifying force of all creation—animate or inanimate—that

rock and tree and beast and man, have ascending degrees of intelligence. The intelligence there spoken of by the Prophet corresponds fully with the energy of science.

That the Prophet did not use the word current among scientific men at that time does not destroy the validity of this claim.

Different words have no quarrel when they mean the same.

The Prophet also taught that this intelligence fills all space, and that it may appear in various forms, such as heat, light, and electricity, and that it is eternal, and can neither be created nor destroyed. These are the very qualities assigned to energy by

scientific workers. This doctrine and its coincidence with the doctrine of science, appear marvelous, when it is recalled that the

Prophet laid down these teachings in 1831, more than ten years before they were discovered by scientists, and a generation before they were generally accepted by the scientific world.

The Prophet did not stop with the enunciation of these two fundamental doctrines. He declared that a refined medium, called

the Holy Spirit, fills all space, whereby intelligence is conveyed from place to place. In the terms of Joseph Smith, the forces, of

nature, such as heat, light and electricity, are simply various manifestations of the intelligence of the Holy Spirit; in the terms of

science, of the energy of the universal ether. The parallelism is

complete. The Holy Spirit, in "Mormon"theology, corresponds with

the ether of science. This doctrine, too, was enunciated many

years before the corresponding doctrines were established among men of science. The establishment of a system of theology which

rests upon such perfectly scientific laws, of itself, if men would read with unprejudiced minds, would entitle Joseph Smith to a high position among the rational philosophers of earth.

THE INVARIABLE LAWS THAT GOVERN THE INDIVIDUAL.

On the basis of the fundamental laws, above defined, what does science require of its devotees? How does it affect the ac128 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tions of the individual? As in theology, the scientific worker must

have faith in the principles that have been discovered. It is not

possible in one lifetime for a man to repeat all the work of preceding workers, to demonstrate the accuracy of their results.

Much must be taken on trust; though at any time, should it be

necessary, the earlier work may be repeated. Besides requiring

faith in the principles discovered and enunciated by others, science demands that its every worker shall believe in things that lie far beyond the reach of man's senses.

The universal ether can neither be felt, seen, heard, smelled, nor tasted, yet the phenomena of nature compel us to accept its existence as indisputable fact. The science of chemistry is built

upon the theory that all matter is composed of ultimate particles of matter called atoms. So small are these particles, that man

shall not be able in this life, to bring them within the reach of any of the senses. Yet thousands of well established facts of chemistry tend to prove the existence of the atoms. In the faith of the

scientist must be an absolute, unquestioning belief in realities that are represented to the human mind by the conception of atoms. The crystallographer, by a simple examination of a glasslike crystal, can state with certainty that the ultimate particles are

built up in certain definite ways. These particles can never be

seen by mortal man, yet no sane person, who studies the modern science of crystallography, fails to believe the correctness of the doctrines of the structure of crystals.

Many other illustrations might be quoted to show that science demands a faith in unseen, and, as far as direct action upon our senses goes, unknowable things. Such faith is indispensable to

the worker who accepts the results of modern science. It is also

to be remembered that without faith in the conception of science, it is quite impossible to make any scientific progress.

In theology, at least in the system established by Joseph

Smith, a similiar faith is required of the individual. God and

angels have been seen by very few individuals. These realities

must be accepted by faith. In the words of the Prophet Joseph,

"Faith is the assurance which men have of the existence of things which they have not seen, and the principle of action in all intelligent beings."With respect to the first principle of science and

JOSEPH iMITH AS PHILOSOPHER. 129

theology, ''Mormonism''is in entire accord with the best philosophy.

The individual, whether scientist or theologian, must base his work on faith.

The scientist who has acquired faith in a law of nature will no longer transgress that law. He will obey it. If he establishes

the faith that a wire connected in a certain way with the electric dynamo cttrries a current sufficiently strong to destroy life, he will not wantonly seize that wire in his hands. Before this faith came

to him, he probably came near losing his life, by the careless handling of the charged wire. To conform to the laws of nature is

scientific repentance. Faith in science or religion is a high form

of intelligence and is opposed to ignorance. Repentance is the

use of this intelligence for the benefit of man.

In ''Mormonism''the second principle of action for the individual is repentance. If faith in God has been attained, and his laws

have been made clear, the believer will no longer \nolate those laws; he will obey them. That is repentance. Not by a jot or

tittle does this kind of repentance differ from the repentance taught by science. True, science does not speak of repentance,

but it thinks it. In the matter of the great principle of repentance, governing the action of workers in science or theology,

"Mormonism"is eminently sane and philosophical. Faith does not

compel men to repent; but it is a necessary precedent. The man

who does not repent in science or theology, after he has acquired faith, renders himself liable to injury and retards his own progress.

In the system of theology taught by Joseph Smith, baptism is the third great principle to be obeyed by the individual; that is,

unless baptism follows faith and repentance, it is impossible to enter the kingdom of God. Many religious men, who can partly

grasp the philosophical meaning of faith and repentance, fail to understand the necessity of baptism. To many, it is nothing more

than an idle form which has no meaning. If, however, baptism is a

true requisite for entrance into the Church of Christ, it must have its counterpart in all systems of true knowledge.

Suppose that man has attained faith in electricity. He then

resolves to refrain from violating any of the laws of electricity.

Suppose, further, that he desires to produce a current of electric130 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

itv. He winds wire around a piece of iron, and revolves it in the

field of a magnet, and the current is produced. If the wire has

not been wound in a certain definite manner, and has not been placed in the proper relation to the magnet, no current can be produced. The scientist may rail and object that it is all nonsense

to insist that the work be done just so to produce the current.

Nature is inexorable. The man to enter the kingdom of the electric current must yield obedience to the order of nature; he must

receive a scientific baptism.

The chemist learns that the gas known as hydrogen is found in all acids, and may desire to obtain a supply of the gas. To do

this he must bring the acid into contact with a suitable metal, such as zinc. The chemist may insist that he should get hydrogen by

pouring the acid on wood. He soon finds that hydrogen may not

be produced in that way. Inexorable nature again speaks up, ''To

enter the kingdom of hydrogen, the acid must be thrown on a metal."The chemist obeys; hydrogen is evolved; the chemist has

been baptized.

The astronomer learns that a piece of glass ground according to the proper curvature will enaTale him to study the stars. The

beginner says, "It is all nonsense to use a curved lens, I will use a piece of flat glass. ''He learns that nature never yields, and

finally adopts the curved lens for his telescope. The young man

has been baptized into the kingdom of the stars.

The baptism taught by the theology of Joseph Smith is nothing more than obedience to law. Just why it is necessary to be buried

in the water to enter the Church, perhaps no man fully knows.

Nor does any one know just why the wire must be wound, just so, to produce the current of electricity, or the acid brought upon a metal to yield hydrogen, or glass be ground to a certain curvature to bring the stars nearer the human vision. Of one thing every

thinker may be certain, that the essential principle of baptism is as necessary in science as in theology. In this matter also, then,

Joseph the Prophet is eminently philosophical.

The fourth principle in ''Mormon"theology teaches that after baptism, the gift of the Holy Ghost is conferred which enlightens the mind, clears the intelligence, and brings man nearer the presence of God. So also in science, to the man who obeys the laws

JOSEPH SMITH AS PHILOSOPHER. 131

of nature, come greater power and intelligence, to him who winds the wire right, the electric current comes, with all its latent powers.

To the chemist who throws acid on the metal, hydrogen is yielded, with which many wonders may be performed. To him who gazes into

the heavens through a properly ground lens, many of the mysteries of space are revealed. Thus is the Holy Ghost conferred in

science; and thus, also, in a more subtle and greater degree is it

conferred in the Church. The dogma of Joseph Smith and the

teachings of science harmonize perfectly in the examination of the fourth fundamental principle of the philosophy governing the individual.

So, one by one, the great principles of ''Mormon"theology may be shown to have a scientific, philosophical counterpart. It is a

matter of great note that the philosophy of Joseph Smith compares so closely with the philosophy of nature. It is even more

notable that the ''Mormon"prophet taught these things as absolute truth long before science had proclaimed many of them invariably correct.

THE UNIFYING LAW OF LIFE.

Without examining further the numerous principles of "Mormon"theology, let us investigate the law, under the influence of which the whole of creation moves, first according to science, and, secondly, according to ''Mormonism. '

It is becoming fairly well demonstrated that the ceaseless changes and transformations in nature cause a greater and greater complexity in nature. This in other words means that the earth

and all on it are developing and progressing. According to Darwin and his followers, man and animals advance. Only those who

prosper persist; those who retard, die. Creation as a whole grows

and develops, and must of necessity do so. By this law, the purpose of the earth and the universe is explained to be endless

growth. The law of evolution is the great cementing law of

science. Even so, in the philosophy of Joseph Smith, the doctrine is taught that all things advance; that man shall continue

to advance, in intelligence, and all pertaining to it, until he shall become as God is now. Meanwhile, our God will also increase in

his fulness, and ever be a God to us., Through this doctrine, all

132 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the principles of the Gospel are made coherent. All the requirements of man have in view his eternal growth. Darwin suggested,

and his followers have taught, that one class of creation, by the law of evolution, can pass into another class. No proof has been

found for this teaching. Joseph Smith taught that every class of

creation is subject to eternal progression within the sphere in which it has been placed. This is a rational view of evolution,

and a view to which biologists are rapidly coming.

Joseph Smith taught the law of evolution as an eternal truth, twenty or more years before Darwin published his views. It is

certainly remarkable that the ''Mormon"Prophet should enunciate so clearly, in advance of science, the law of laws, which explains the destiny of man, and all pertaining to him. ''Mormon''and scientific philosophy are thus identical, with respect to the great, governing, universal law.

Joseph Smith is here also seen to be a sane philosopher, in full accord with the best that recent years have brought.

THE FORCE OF FORCES.

Above the law of laws is the force of forces—or the central

force of the universe. Science has little to say of God. It is content to accept the laws of nature as they are found. Yet, at

times, in some branches of science, a knowledge of the beginning of things is desired. Usually science answers, "I do not know;"

but it nevertheless affirms that there must be a central force, unknown and unnamed, to which the manifestations of all other forces may be referred. Science, which is essentially orderly, is

chaotic when the question of the beginning of things is raised.

The ''Mormon''Prophet left no such weakness in his philosophy. He,

too, realized the necessity of a controlling universal force. This

he named God. God is an organized, material being, filled with

the form of energy known as intelligence. ''The glory of God is

intelligence. ''All other forces of nature may be converted into

intelligence; and from intelligence all other forces maybe obtained;

God is the center of these forces, and their directing power. Because of this centralization, nature is orderly. Natural laws are

not, as supposed by some philosophers, accidental relations of phenomena, observed and recorded by man. The force of intelligence

JOSEPH SMITH AS PHILOSOPHER. 133

controls all phenomena; there is mind behind the operations of nature. God, himself a part of nature, is not the creator of nature,

but the organizer and director of it. What a beautifully reasonable climax that is to the wonderful philosophy of Joseph the

Prophet!

The intelligence of God is organized; therein lies his individuality and life. Man is organized intelligence; therein lies his life.

Through obedience to law, intelligence grows; by the violation of

law, which is sin, it decays. It is the degree of organized intelligence that ultimately distinguishes one man from other men; men

from beasts, beasts from plants, and plants from rocks. Since intelligence, as defined by Joseph Smith, corresponds with the main

form of energy of the universe, the doctrine of God, and all other beings, and of life, finds expression in terms of energy. That is

exactly what science demands.*

Is it any wonder that workers in science, who have been taught the doctrine of an immaterial God who is able to create something from nothing, and to transcend all laws of nature, depart from the faith of their childhood? Truth is truth forever. Scientific truth

cannot be theological lie. To the sane mind, theology and philosophy must harmonize. They have the common ground of truth on

which to meet.

Thus, on every hand, from the highest to the lowest, from the force of forces and the law of laws to the fundamental laws governing the operations of the universe, and the actions of the individual, the philosophy of the ''Mormon''Prophet is consistently referred back to matter, energy, and law. In its completeness,

it transcends the philosophy of science. Wherever the doctrines

of * 'Mormonism''and science meet, they agree. No discord has yet

been found between them. Science is daily confirming the truth

of the universe—embracing philosophy of the unlearned founder of

* 'Mormonism. '

*Thi3 article is but a glimpse of the subject. It would be absurd to attempt

to outline the whole of the philosophy of Joseph Smith in a space allowed for this article. Even the fundamental doctrines here considered have been but faintly

sketched; yet to him who thinks, it will be a solemn testimony that the maligned

Mormon Prophet founded his philosophy upon principles that now, one hundred years after his birth, lie at the foundation of all secure human philosophy. J. A. W.

134 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Back of the revelations of the greatness of the Prophet's knowledge that come to all who enter upon such a discussion, stands the eminent fact that "Mormon"philosophy is plain, simple, and easily understood. There is no need and no room for mysteries in the teachings of Joseph the Prophet. Similarly, the philosophy of men, based upon nature, is essentially simple, and easily

understood. Only untruth needs to hide itself in mysteries.

One hundred years have passed since Joseph, honored and chosen of God, entered the school of life. Face to face with God,

he learned the Gospel, planned before the foundations of the world were laid, and he taught it to a careless world. It is not Joseph

Smith's philosophy; but God's code of fundamental laws,:whichthe

world is laboriously deciphering in the beautifully written pages of nature. Is it any wonder that the philosophy is perfect?

Divine joy transfigured the spirit of Joseph, as the revelations of God came upon him. The essence of all that he learned, he has

left for us. We, too, may feel the stately tread of God through

the measureless ages of time, if we ponder upon the fulness of the meaning of the Gospel. It is our duty to do it.

In this year of jubilee, the centenary of the Prophet's birth, may the visions of Joseph come upon the people, to make them strong! May the simple philosophy of God's words be understood

by all the seekers!

Provo, Utah.

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERATURE.

BY BISHOP ORSON F. WHITNEY, ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN.

I think I "Joseph Smith in literature—what a paradox!"

hear some wiseacre say, as he glances at the caption of this article.

of terms; what a "Joseph Smith in literature—what a misyoking

manifest absurdity!"

Jt is so common in the world to couple the name of "the 'Mormon'prophet"with everything that stands for lack of culture and enlightenment, to identify him with all that represents ignorance and even vice, that I shall not be surprised if my allusion to him as a literary character taxes to some extent the credulity of a certain class of readers. I refer particularly to non- "Mormon"

readers and to such as might as well be non- "Mormons"so far as their knowledge of this subject is concerned. But the greater

number of those who peruse these pages will see in the title chosen for this treatise nothing that should occasion the least astonishment. The reason is simple: they know Joseph Smith; know

him through his writings, his published utterances, if not from personal reminiscence; while the others know him not, perhaps have never read anything that he either wrote or said, and

have no conceptions concerning him, save those born of hearsay and tradition.

That the founder of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints professed or even aspired to be a literary man, I shall not attempt to prove; for the attempt would be futile. He loved literature; his fondness for it is apparent, not only from his verbal

expressions of appreciation, but also from his efforts to foster and encourage it. His penchant for the study of languages is well

known, also his liking for history and poetry. He was gen136 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

erous, even enthusiastic, in his praise of any meritorious work, literary or otherwise; and, as a founder of schools and a steadfast

friend of education from the beginning to the closing of his career, gave ample evidence of his interest and zeal in the general cause of culture and advancement. But there is nothing to indicate that he

deemed himself gifted in a literary way, or strove consciously to create a literary work.

And yet, Joseph Smith, the revelator of "Mormonism,"was potentially, if not actually, a literary giant. He produced literature which, if not prized today as it should be, even by his own

people, and if scouted and ridiculed by the 'Vise and prudent"of the world, is only passing through the experience usual to such characters and their creations, by reason of a too close proximity to the languid indifference or prejudiced judgment of their contemporaries.

''Seven wealthy towns contend for Homer dead,

Through which the living Homer begged his bread."

Joseph Smith was not a Homer, nor a Shakespeare, nor a Milton. He was more. He was a prophet, and consequently a poet;

and would have been, had he never written a line of verse or prose.

A gold mine may not be a gold mine until the precious metal has been discovered and brought to the surface; but the gold may be

there nevertheless. The mining for it does not create it—does

not deposit it in the place where found. It is so with poesy, so

with all literary power. Its existence does not depend upon the

recognition given to or withheld from it; does not even depend upon

culture and development. The inward truth is more than the

outward expression. Conception is greater than birth.

The gift of poesy and the gift of prophecy are akin. They

are almost identical. Perhaps the only difference between them is

one of degree. If prophecy is greater than poesy, it is because

it includes it, and is capable of receiving a more direct and a fuller inspiration. But the highest poetry is prophetic; there is

always in it a suggestion of infinity. Poesy is thus shown to contain the elements of prophecy. It is as natural for a prophet to

poetize, as for a poet to dwell upon the future, to idealize the real. Carlyle discovered that the ancient word Vates meant both

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERA TURE. 137

prophet and poet,'and he contends that fundamentally they are the same, "in this most important respect especially, that they have penetrated, both of them, into the sacred mystery of the calls 'the open secret, '* * * universe—what Goethe

open to all, seen by almost none. ''Poets may not be prophets in

the same sense and degree as the sacred seers and oracles of Holy

Writ, but. the gift of poesy and the gift of prophecy are related,

and there is a point where the two blend and become one.

If you doubt, reader, that the prophets are poets, read their predictions, and ask yourself—if you are a competent judge—

whether grander poems ever fell from the point of human pen.

The book of Job, the writings of Isaiah, the parables and sayings of the Savior, the solemn and sublime melody of the Apocalypse.

Are they not poems as well as prophecies, and were not their authors among the greatest of the sons of song?

It is in the light of these examples that I would have you sur- "vey Joseph Smith. Being a prophet he must be a poet. It was inevitable. If a poet, what poems did he produce? Ah, reader,

there is more than that involved. I do not mean that he was a

maker of verses, a builder of rhymes, or that he needed to be, in order to constitute him a poet, or to qualify him for his prophetic mission. But he had to have the poetic instinct, the poetic into recognize, comprehend and interpret the myssight—the power

tery of life, the symbolism of the universe; a power inherent in

prophecy, in the sacred gift of seership, with which he was so eminently endowed. This was what made him a poet. And no man or

woman, not a poet, in the same sense, to a greater or less degree, will ever be able to understand Joseph Smith, or appreciate to the full the beauty, sublimity and significance of his mission as a forerunner of the Son of God. Only these know the voice of the

Shepherd. * 'The testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy, '

and the spirit of prophecy and the spirit of poesy spring from a common source.

But this is generalization. What of the details? This is in

the abstract. What are the concrete phases of the question? How

did Joseph Smith express his poetic ideals? What proof have we

of his inherent love of literature?

"Seek ye out of the best books, words of wisdom; seek learn138 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing, even by study, and also by faith."These are the words of

Joseph Smith, or the words of the Almighty, through him, to the

Latterday Saints.

Why did the Lord so instruct His prophet? Why did the

Prophet so teach his people? It was because God had designed,

and the Prophet had foreseen, a great and glorious future for that people. Chosen himself in weakness, so far as this world's wisdom

was concerned, as a foundation stone of the mighty structure that is destined to tower heavenward, reflecting from polished walls and glittering spires the splendors of eternity, he knew there must come a time, unless One who cannot lie had sworn falsely, when

Zion, as the head and front of a world's civilization, would arise and shine, ''the joy of the whole earth,"the seat of learning, the source of wisdom, and the centre of political power; when, side by

side with pure religion, would flourish art and science, her fair daughters; when music, poetry, painting, sculpture, oratory and

of light from the same central sun, no longer rethe drama—rays

fracted and discolored by the manyhued prisms of man's sensualtheir white radiance full and direct upon theity—would throw

mirrorlike glory of her towers; when the science of earth and the

wisdom of heaven would walk hand in hand, interpreting each other; when philosophy would drink from wells of living truth, no

longer draining the deadly hemlock of error, to poison the pure air with the illusions of sophistry; when Zion's sons and Zion's

daughters, as famed for intelligence and culture as for beauty purity and truth, would entertain kings and nobles, would sit upon thrones themselves, or go forth as shafts of light from the bow of the Almighty, as messengers and ambassadors to the nations!

Joseph saw all this; he knew it was inevitable; that such

were the natural flowers and fruits of the work which God had planted. The roots of the tree might not show it so well

their mission was to lie hidden in the earth, ignored and trampled on by men; but the branches in a day to come would prove it>

Rough and rugged himself, as the granite boulders of yonder hills, he knew, and his brethren around him knew, that upon the strong basic stones of which they were symbolical—the massive foundations of the past—the great Architect would rear the superstructure of the future; that the youth of Israel would build upon the

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERA TUBE. 13

beginnings made by heroic fathers and mothers, these differing necessarily from their offspring, but only as the foundations of a building must differ from the walls and spires. Joseph knew

that his people must progress, that their destiny demanded it; that

culture is the duty of man, as intelligence is the glory of God.

That is why he said: ''Seek ye out of the best books words of

wisdom; seek learning, even by study, and also by faith."

Learning is another name for literature. In counseling his

people to "seek learning,"therefore, this supposedly ignorant and illiterate man was virtually advising them to cultivate literature. The "best books"here mentioned do not mean merely the

Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, Church works and religious writings, though these must ever lie at the basis of "Mormon"literature. History, poetry, philosophy, art and

science, languages, laws, and the principles of government,—all

truth, in short, is included in that comprehensive phrase. Yes, it

even means inspiration, revelation; for does it not say: "Seek

learning by study, and also by faith?"

But the Prophet was not content to exhort others to progress.

He set the example, and led out along the lines of advancement. His

roughness became smooth, his illiteracy (for he was illiterate at first) gave way to learning. His potential powers became actual

posesssions, through study, experience and development. He gave

a meaning to knowledge that it had never known, and made education the synonym for salvation. ''A man is saved no faster than

he gets knowledge.""It is impossible for a man to be saved in

ignorance.""If he does not get knowledge, he will be brought

into captivity by some evil power in the other world, as evil spirits will have more knowledge, and consequently more power, than many men who are on the earth. "These are among Joseph Smith's teachings. He also taught that whatever principles of intelligence we

attain to in this life, they will rise with us in the resurrection; and

that if one soul, by greater diligence and faithfulness acquires more intelligence than another, it will have just that much advantage in the world to come.

Did it ever occur to those careless, not to say shallow critics, who think they see in "Mormonism"nothing but sin and depravity; who regard the followers of Joseph Smith as ignoramuses.

140 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

knownothings, to whom books are a bore and literature a term without meaning, that a book looms up at the very beginning of ''Mormonism's"first production was a "Mormon"history—that

piece of literature, the most remarkable of modern times?

More than three centuries had passed since the discovery of

Forests, Indians,America by Columbus. He found here,—what?

and tropical fruits; little else. But they who came after him found

more. Peeping from the crust of the earth, north, south, east and

west, were the relics of a civilization that would have shamed the glory of Egypt in her palmiest days. Nations had risen and fallen

upon this land before whose fame and power the might of Rome, the wealth of Asia, would have paled as stars before the sun.

Whence came they? What were their names? Why had they

fallen? None knew. The sad sea waves and the sighing winds

answered not, but continued to chant in mournful numbers a solemn requiem for the dead. The natives could not tell, except in

tales and traditions as vague and shadowy as the legends of the

Druids, or the runic fables of the Norsemen. Who, then, would

answer? One day a little boy went into the woods and prayed.

The heavens heard, and gave him more than he had asked. A book

came forth by the power of God; a buried record, hidden in a hill.

It told the story of the past, it prophesied of the future; and from

that hour, Joseph Smith, the "Mormon"Prophet, was the real discoverer of America.

Whatever may be said of the crudities of the Book of Moris a most remarkable record, amon,—and they are conceded,—it

masterpiece in its way, breathing a spirit and a genius all its own.

The very character of the translator, Joseph Smith, seems stamped upon it. Fearless as an angel; humble as a child.

"And lie that will contend against the word of the Lord, let him be accursed;

and he that shall deny these things, let him be accursed; for unto them will I

show no greater things, saith Jesus Christ, for I am he who speaketh."

Does anyone having faith in "Mormonism,"suppose that the

Book of Mormon came by chance? Is there a Latterday Saint

who believes that any boy of fourteen years, humble enough to ask wisdom of the Allwise,could have received just what Joseph Smith received, in answer to the most earnest prayer? God works with

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERA TUBE. 141

all men according to their faith, but he also works with them according to their gifts, their power and their capacity. Not every

good man, filled with faith, is a prophet, seer, and revelator, like

Joseph Smith. All good gifts are from God, and "the Spirit divideth unto every man severally as he will;"but doubtless there

are some qualities inherent in the original intelligence, that help to qualify each soul for its own peculiar mission. Joseph was a "choice

seer."Had he not been, he could not have beheld the Father and

the Son. He was essentially a literary spirit, or he could never

have translated the Nephite record. The Urim and Thummim, in

the hands of one not qualified to use it, would have been a worthless instrument; as much so as the Liahona to Lehi and his colony

without the exercise of faith. "I cannot read a sealed book,"was

the reply of the learned Professor Anthon to Martin Harris, with reference to the metallic plates containing the Book of Mormon.

Any man, similarly ungifted, might have said the same. The seven-sealed book of the Apocalypse could only be opened by "the

Lion of the tribe of Judah. "Not only the gift, but the spirit of it,

must be present. The machinery, however perfect, waits for the

motive power. With all his prophetic equipment, his innate seeric

qualities, Joseph Smith could only translate, could only prophesy, could only see, hear, and utter the things of God, when he was thoroughly en rapport with the heavens, when the spirit and power of his gift was upon him.

The Book of Mormon is not his only contribution to literature.

He had barely completed the translation of those ancient plates, when he undertook another work, scarcely secondary in importance. It was a translation, or more correctly speaking, a revision

of the Hebrew Scriptures. He had learned from the Book of Mor-

''many plain and precious truths, ''properly belonging tomon that the Bible, had been lost or taken away by uninspired translators, thus rendering vague and uncertain the teachings of that sacred record. These missing parts he purposed to restore, as directed

and empowered by the spirit of revelation. What is sometimes

called the "Inspired Translation"was the result. Parts of it may

be found in the Pearl of Great Price, under the headings, ''Visions of Moses, ""Writings of Moses, "or, as rendered by the latest edition, "The Book of Moses."At a later period he translated in

142 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

like manner, the Book of Abraham, from papyrus found upon the bodies of mummies brought from the catacombs of Egypt.

In the volume known as the Doctrine and Covenants, the latest book put forth by the latterday Prophet, we come face to face with his literary style, as stamped upon the word of God of which he was the original revelator. Here are no translations, such as

the Book of Mormon and the Book of Abraham; here is no revision,

.such as the 'Inspired Translation;"but revelation, immediate and direct, constituting him the sole human oracle of the divine utterance.

It may be objected that these revelations are God's utterances, and therefore, not the words nor the works of Joseph

Smith. I answer that they are God's and Joseph's combined. The

Prophet was not a mere machine, a mere speaking trumpet, in the process of receiving and giving the word of God. He still had his

agency, and was an intelligent, selfacting'.being, though the inspired instrument and mouthpiece of Deity. The word of God

that came to him was independent of him, and yet his mind was the mold in which it was formed; his vocabulary the earthly vehicle

of expression. That which is di\inely begotten may have human

conception and delivery. Was it not so with Christ, the very

Word incarnate. An analogy is found in the spirit, the immortal

spirit, clothing itself in mortal clay, which also becomes immortal; the two combined constituting the soul. Hence, these divine communications, divine in origin and in utterance, though they

are the revelations of Jesus Christ, spiritually, yet in the letter they bear the impress of Joseph Smith, and are the product of his genius, just as much as the inspired writings of Isaiah, Jeremiah, and Ezekiel, are the literary creations of those ancient seers.

In addition to the revelations and translations, we have the

Prophet's personal narratives and everyday comments, as illustrative of his literary style. I will now present a few excerpts, beginning with the following paragraphs from his autobiography. Says

Joseph the Seer:

I was born in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and five, on the twentythird day of December, in the town of Sharon, Windsor county, state of Vermont. * * * My father, Joseph Smith, Senior, left the state

of Vermont, and moved to Palmyra, Ontario (now Wayne) county, in the state of

New York, when I was in my tenth year, or thereabouts. In about four years

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERA TURE. 143

after my father's arrival in Palmyra, he moved with his family into Manchester, in the same county.

Some time in the second year after our removal to Manchester, there was in the place where we lived an unusual excitement on the subject of religion. It

commenced with the Methodists, but soon became general among all the sects in that region of

I was at this time in my fifteenth year. My father's family was proselyted country.***** to the Presbyterian faith, and four of them joined that church, namely—my mother

Lucy; my brothers Hyrum and Samuel Harrison; and my sister Sophronia. During

this time of great excitement, my mind was called up to serious reflection and great uneasiness; but though my feelings were deep and often poignant, still I kept

myself aloof from all these parties, though I attended their several meetings as often as occasion would permit. In process of time my mind became somewhat

partial to the Methodist sect, and I felt some desire to be united with them; but so

great were the confusion and strife among the different denominations, that it was impossible for a person young as I was, and so unacquainted with men and things, to come to any certain conclusion who was right and who was wrong.

I was laboring under the extreme difficulties caused by the contests of While******* these parties of religionists, I was one day reading the Epistle of James, first chapter and fifth verse, which reads: "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of

God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given

him."Never did any passage of scripture come with more power to the heart of man than this did at this time to mine. It seemed to enter with great force into

every feeling of my heart. I reflected on it again and again, knowing that if any

person needed wisdom from God, I did; for how to act I did not know, and unless

I could get more wisdom than I then had, I would never know; for the teachers of

religion of the different sects understood the same passages of scripture so differently as to destroy all confidence in settling the question by an appeal to the

Bible.

At length I came to the conclusion that I must either remain in darkness and confusion, or else I must do as James directs, that is, ask of God. I at length

came to the determination to ''ask of God, ''concluding that if he gave wisdom to them that lacked wisdom, and would give liberally, and not upbraid, I might venture. So, in accordance with this, my determination to ask of God, I retired

to the woods to make the attempt. It was on the morning of a beautiful, clear

day, early in the spring of eighteen hundred and twenty. It was the first time in

my life that I had made such an attempt, for amidst all my anxieties I had never as yet made the attempt to pray vocally.

After I had retired to the place where I had previously designed to go, having looked around me, and finding myself alone, I kneeled down and began to offer up the desires of my heart to God. I had scarcely done so, when immediately I was

144 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

seized upon by some power which entirely overcame me, and had such an astonishing influence over me as to bind my tongue so that I could not speak. Thick darkness gathered around me, and it seemed to me for a time as if I were doomed to

sudden destruction. But, exerting all my powers to call upon God to deliver me

out of the power of this enemy which had seized upon me, and at the very moment when I was ready to sink into despair and abandon myself to destruction—not to

an imaginary ruin, but to the power of some actual being from the unseen world who had such marvelous power as I had never before felt in any at being—just

this moment of great alarm, I saw a pillar of light exactly over my head, above the brightness of the sun, which descended gradually until it fell upon me.

It no sooner appeared than I found myself delivered from the enemy which held me bound. When the light rested upon me I saw two personages, whose

brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of

isthem spake unto me, calling me by name, and said, pointing to the other—This

my beloved Son, hear him My object in going to inquire of the Lord was to know which of all the sects was right, that I might know which to join. No sooner, therefore, did I get possession of myself, so as to be able to speak, than I asked the personages who stood

above me in the light, which of all the sects was right—and which I should join.

I was answered that I must join none of them, for they were all wrong. * *

When I came to myself again, I found myself lying on my back, looking up into heaven.

Some few days after I had this vision, I happened to be in company with one of the Methodist preachers, who was very active in the beforementioned religious excitement; and, conversing with him on the subject of religion, I took occasion to

give him an account of the vision which I had had. I was greatly surprised at his

behavior; he treated my communication not only lightly, but with great contempt,

saying it was all of the devil, that there were no such things as visions or revelations in these days; that all such things had ceased with the Apostles, and that

there would never be any more of them. I soon found, however, that my telling

the story had excited a great deal of prejudice against me among professors of religion, and was the cause of great persecution, which continued to increase; and

though I was an obscure boy, only between fourteen and fifteen years of age, and my circumstances in life such as to make a boy of no consequence in the world, yet men of high standing would take notice sufficient to excite the public mind against me, and create a bitter persecution; and this was common among all the

sects—all united to persecute me.

However, * * * though I was hated and persecuted for saying ***** that I had seen a vision, yet it was true; and while they were persecuting me, reviling me, and speaking all manner of evil against me falsely for so saying, I was

led to say in my heart: Why persecute me for telling the truth? I have actually

seen a vision, and who am I that I can withstand God, or why does the world think to make me deny what I have actually seen? For I had seen a vision; and I

knew it, and I knew that God knew it, and I could not deny it.

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERATURE. 145

This narrative may have faults; it may not be a perfect

piece of rhetoric; but it is in good form throughout, and in places

beautiful.

Take now a selection from the Book of Moses, called in Joseph's personal history, The Prophecy of Enoch, beginning with a brief description of the Zion of old, and ending with a reference to the

Zion of the last days. Here are both beauty and power:

And the Lord called his people Zion, because they were of one heart, and one mind, and dwelt in righteousness; and there was no poor among them.

And Enoch continued his preaching in righteousness unto the people of God.

And it came to pass in his days, that he built a city that was called the City of

Holiness, even Zion.

And it came to pass that the Lord showed unto Enoch all the inhabitants of the earth; and he beheld, and lo, Zion in process of time, was taken up into

heaven. And the Lord said unto Enoch: Behold mine abode forever.

And he beheld Satan; and he had a great chain in his hand, and it veiled the

whole face of the earth with darkness; and he looked up and laughed, and his angels

rejoiced.

And Enoch beheld angels descending out of heaven, bearing testimony of the

Father and Son; and the Holy Ghost fell on many, and they were caught up by the

powers of heaven into Zion.

And it came to pass that the God of heaven looked upon the residue of the people, and he wept; and Enoch bore record of it, saying. How is it that the

heavens weep, and shed forth their tears as the rain upon the mountains?

And Enoch said unto the Lord, How is it that thou canst weep, seeing thou art holy, and from all eternity to all eternity?

And were it possible that man could number the particles of the earth, yea millions of earths like this, it would not be a beginning to the number of thy crea tions; and thy curtains are stretched out still;

And thou hast taken Zion to thine own bosom, from all thy creations, from all eternity to all eternity; and naught but peace, justice, and truth is the habitation

of thy throne; and mercy shall go before thy face and have no end; how is it

thou canst weep?

The Lord said unto Enoch: Behold these thy brethren; they are the workmanship of mine own hands, and I gave unto them their knowledge, in the day that I

created them; and in the Garden of Eden gave I unto man his agency

And unto thy brethren have I said, and also given commandment, that they should love one another, and that they should choose me, their Father; but behold,

they are without affection, and they hate their own blood 146 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And the fire of mine indignation is kindled against them; and in my hot displeasure will I send in the floods upon them.

Wherefore, for this shall the heavens weep, yea, and all the workmanship of mine hands.

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Enoch, and told Enoch all the doings of the children of men; wherefore Enoch knew, and looked upon their

wickedness and their misery, and wept and stretched forth his arms, and his heart swelled wide as eternity; and his bowels yearned; and all eternity shook.

And it came to pass that Enoch looked; and from Noah, he beheld all the

families of the earth; and he cried unto the Lord saying: When shall the day of

the Lord come? When shall the blood of the righteous be shed, that all they that

mourn may be sanctified, and have eternal life?

And the Lord said, It shall be in the meridian of time, in the days of wickedness and vengeance.

And it came to pass that Enoch looked upon the earth; and he heard a voice

from the bowels thereof, saying: wo, wo, is me, the mother of men; I am pained,

I am weary, because of the wickedness of my children. When shall I rest, and be

cleansed from the filthiness which is gone forth out of me? When will my Creator

sanctify me, that I may rest, and righteousness for a season abide upon my face?

And when Enoch heard the earth mourn, he wept, and cried unto the Lord, saying, Lord, wilt thou not have compassion upon the earth? Wilt thou not

bless the children of Noah?

And the Lord could not withhold; and he covenanted with Enoch, and sware

unto him with an oath, that he would stay the floods; that he would call upon the

children of Noah.

And it came to pass that Enoch cried unto the Lord, saying, When the Son of Man cometh in the flesh, shall the earth rest?

* 4;- * * *

And the Lord said unto Enoch: Look; and he looked and beheld the Son of

Man lifted up on the cross, after the manner of men.

And again Enoch wept and cried unto the Lord, saying. When shall the earth

rest?

And Enoch beheld the Son of Man ascend up unto the Father; and he called

unto the Lord, saying, Wilt thou not come again upon the earth?

And the Lord said unto Enoch, As I live, even so will I come in the last days, in the days of wickedness and vengeance, to fulfill the oath which I have made unto you concerning the children of Noah.

And the day shall come that the earth shall rest; but before that day the

heavens shall be darkened, and a veil of darkness shall cover the earth; and the

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERATURE. 147

heavens shall shake and also the earth; and great tribulations shall be among the

children of men, but my people will I preserve

And righteousness will I send down out of heaven; and truth will I send forth

out of the earth, to bear testimony of mine Only Begotten; his resurrection from the

dead; yea, and also the resurrection of all men; and righteousness and truth will I

cause to sweep the earth as with a flood, to gather out mine elect from the four quarters of the earth, unto a place which I shall prepare, an Holy City, that my people may gird up their loins, and be looking forth for the time of my coming for there shall be my tabernacle, and it shall be called Zion, a New Jerusalem.

And the Lord said unto Enoch, Then shalt thou and all thy city meet them there, and we will receive them into our bosom, and they shall see us; and we will

fall upon their necks, and they shall fall upon our necks, and we will kiss each other And there shall be mine abode, and it shall be Zion, which shall come forth out of all the creations which I have made; and for the space of a thousand years

the earth shall rest.

What could be more poetic, more replete with dramatic power, than the picture of Earth, ''the mother of men, ''mourning like Rachel for her children? What more pathetic than the prayer

of Enoch in behalf of Mother Earth and ''the children of Noah?"

What more sublime than the answer of "the God of heaven"to the prophet's tearful petition? Marvelous must have been the scope

and power of a mind that could thus grasp the relationship between the ancient and the modern Zions, and with one mightysweep of thought compass the whole range of human history. Is

it not evident that Joseph Smith was a poet? Is his literary genius

any longer a legitimate subject for doubt?

The next selection shall be from the Doctrine and Covenants.

The time is March, 1839. The Latterday Saints,thwarted temporarily

in their work of building the modern Zion, have been driven with fire and sword from the State of Missouri. The Prophet, with a few

friends, remains a prisoner in Liberty jail. Torn from the bosom

of his family, betrayed into the hands of heartless foes, after being condemned to death and narrowly escaping execution by court martial, he is lingering in durance vile, subjected to every insult and outrage that the cruelty of his captors can devise. In the

agony of his spirit, he cries out:

God! where art thou? And where is the pavilion that covereth thy hiding

place?

How long shall thy hand be stayed, and thine eye, yea, thy pure eye, behold

148 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

from the eternal heavens, the wrongs of thy people, and of thy servants, and thine ear be penetrated with their cries?

Yea, Lord, how long shall they suffer these wrongs and unlawful oppressions, before thine heart shall be softened towards them, and thy bowels be moved with compassion towards them?

Lord God Almighty, Maker of the heaven, earth, and seas, and of all things that in them are, and who controlleth and subjecteth the devil, and the dark and benighted dominion of Shayole! Stretch forth thy hand; let thine eye pierce; let thy

pavilion be taken up; let thy hiding place no longer be covered; let thine ear be inclined; let thine heart be softened, and thy bowels moved with compassion towards

us; Eemember thy suffering saints, our God! and thy servants will rejoice in thy

name forever.

The God whom he has invoked, thus answers him:

My son, peace be unto thy soul; thine adversity and thine afflictions shall be

but a small moment;

And then, if thou endure it well, God shall exalt thee on high; thou shalt triumph over all thy

Thou art not yet as Job; thy friends do not contend against thee, neither charge foes.*****thee with transgression

And they who do charge thee with transgression, their hopes shall be blasted,and their*****prospects shall melt away as the hoar frost melteth before the burning rays of the rising sun.

The ends of the earth shall enquire after thy name, and fools shall have thee in derision, and hell shall rage against thee,

While the pure in heart, and the wise, and the noble, and the virtuous, shall seek counsel, and authority, and blessings constantly from under thy hand.

And thy people shall never be turned against thee by the testimony of traits ors; * * * and thy God shall stand by thee for ever and ever.

If thou art called to pass through tribulation; if thou art in perils among false

brethren; if thou art in perils among robbers; if thou art in perils by land or by

sea; If thou art accused with all manner of false accusations; if thine enemies fall

upon thee; if they tear thee from the society of thy father and mother and brethren and sisters; and if with a drawn sword thine enemies tear thee from the bosom

of thy wife, and of thine offspring, and thine elder son, although but six years of age, shall cling to thy garments, and shall say. My father, my father, why can't

you stay with us? 0, my father, what are the men going to do with you? And if

then he shall be thrust from thee by the sword, and thou be dragged to prison, and thine enemies prowl around thee like wolves for the blood of the lamb;

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERATURE. 149

And if thou shouldst be cast into the pit, or into the hands of murderers, and the sentence of death passed upon thee; if thou be cast into the deep; if the billowing surge conspire against thee; if fierce winds become thine enemy; if the

heavens gather blackness, and all the elements combine to hedge up the way; and

above all, if the very jaws of hell shall gape open the mouth wide after thee, know thou, my son, that all these things shall give thee experience, and shall be for thy good.

The Son of Man hath descended below them all; art thou greater than he?

Therefore, hold on thy way, and the Priesthood shall remain with thee, for their bounds are set, they cannot pass. Thy days are known, and thy years shall

not be numbered less; therefore, fear not what man can do, for God shall be with

you for ever and ever.

These are certainly splendid passages, and they teach lofty principles. The mystery of human suffering, which remained a

mystery to patient Job, is here solved. Ralph Waldo Emerson had

not yet written his noble essay on "Compensation;"the poet

Lowell had not uttered his sublime sentiment:

'Tis sorrow builds the shining ladder up.

Whose golden rounds are our calamities;

When Joseph Smith proclaimed the very substance of their inspired teachings, in his pathetic prayer and prophecy in Liberty

Jail. Here are a few more paragraphs from the same section; the

Prophet's earnest pronouncement upon the subject of unrighteous dominion:

Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen. And why are they not

chosen? Because their hearts are set so much upon the things of this world, and

aspire to the honors of men, that they do not learn this one lesson: That the rights

of the Priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven? and that

the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon the principles of righteousness.

That they may be conferred upon us, it is true; but when we undertake to

cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control, or dominion, or compulsion, upon the souls of the children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit of the

Lord is grieved, and when it is withdrawn. Amen to the priesthood, or the

authority of that man.

Behold! ere he is aware, he is left unto himself, to kick against the pricks; to

persecute the Saints, and to fight against God.

We have learned, by sad experience, that it is the nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as they get a little authority, as they suppose, they will immediately begin to exercise unrighteous dominion.

Hence many are called, but few are chosen.

150 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the Priesthood, only by persuasion, by long suffering, by gentleness, and meekness, and by love unfeigned;

By kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and without guile.

Reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy;

That he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger than the cords of death

Let thy bowels also be full of charity towards all men, and to the household of faith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy confidence

wax strong in the presence of God, and the doctrine of the Priesthood shall distil upon thy soul as the dews from heaven.

The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, and thy sceptre an unchanging sceptre of righteousness and truth, and thy dominion shall be an everlasting dominion, and without compulsory means it shall flow unto thee for ever and ever.

One more selection from the Doctrine and Covenants—a portrayal of ''Mormonism's"sublime principle of universal salvation;

the Prophet's wonderful vision of the different degrees of glory in the "many mansions"of the Father:

We, Joseph Smith, jun., and Sidney Rigdon, being in the Spirit on the sixteenth of February, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and

thirtytwo, by the power of the Spirit our eyes were opened and our understandings were enlightened, so as to see and understand the things of God—even those things

which were from the beginning before the world was, which were ordained of the

Father, through his Only Begotten Son, * * * whom we saw and with whom we conversed in the heavenly vision.

And this we saw also, and bear record, that an angel of God who was in authority in the presence of God, who rebelled against the Only Begotten Son, whom the Father loved, and who was in the bosom of the Father—was thrust down from

the presence of God and the Son, and was called Perdition, for the heavens wept over him—he was called Lucifer, a son of the morning.

And we saw a vision of the sufferings of those with whom he made war and ***** overcame, for thus came the voice of the Lord unto us.

Thus saith the Lord, concerning all those who know my power, and have been made partakers thereof, and suffered themselves, through the power of the devil, to be overcome, and to deny the truth and defy my power: They are they who are

the sons of perdition, of whom I say that it had been better for them never to have been bom, for they are vessels of wrath, doomed to suffer the wrath of God, with the de\fil and his angels in eternity; concerning whom I have said there is no forgiveness in this world nor in the world to come, having denied the Holy Spirit after

having received it, and having denied the Only Begotten Son of the Father—having

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERATURE. 151

crucified him unto themselves, and put him to an open shame. These are they

who shall go away into the lake of fire and brimstone, with the devil and his angels, and the only ones on whom the second death shall have any power; yea,

verily, the only ones who shall not be redeemed in the due time of the Lord, after the sufferings of his wrath; for all the rest shall be brought forth by the resurrection of the dead, through the triumph and the glory of the Lamb, who was slain,

who was in the bosom of the Father before the worlds were made.

And again, we bear record, for we sav/ and heard, and this is the testimony of the gospel of Christ, concerning them who come forth in the resurrection of the just;

They are they who received the testimony of Jesus, and believed on his name and were baptized after the manner of his burial, being buried in the water in his name, and this according to the commandment which he has given, that by keeping his commandments they might be washed and cleansed from all their sins, and receive the Holy Spirit by the laying on of the hands of him who is ordained and sealed unto this power, and who overcome by faith, and are sealed by the Holy

Spirit of promise, which the Father sheds forth upon all those who are just and true. They are they who are the church of the first born. They are they into

whose hands the Father has given all things. They are they who are Priests and

Kings, who have received of his fullness, and of his glory, and are Priests of the

Most High, after the order of Melchizedek, which was after the order of Enoch, which was after the order of the Only Begotten Son; wherefore, as it is written,

they are Gods, even the Sons of God. Wherefore all things are theirs, whether

life or death, or things present, or things to come, all are theirs and they are

Christ's and Christ is God's.

These are they whose bodies are celestial, whose glory is that of the sun, even the glory of God, the highest of all, whose glory the sun of the firmament is written of as being typical.

And again, we saw the terrestrial world, and behold and lo, these are they who are of the terrestrial, whose glory differs from that of the church of the first born, who have received the fullness of the Father, even as that of the moon differs from the sun in the firmament. Behold, these are they who died without law, and

also they who are the spirits of men kept in prison, whom the Son visited, and preached the gospel unto them, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh; who received not the testimony of Jesus in the flesh, but afterwards received

it. These are they who are honorable men of the earth, who were blinded by the

craftiness of men. These are they who receive of his glory, but not of his fullness.

These are they who receive of the presence of the Son, but not of the fullness of the Father; wherefore they are bodies terrestrial, and not bodies celestial, and

differ in glory as the moon differs from the sun. These are they who are not valiant

in the testimony of Jesus; wherefore they obtain not the crown over the kingdom

of our God.

5 * * * * And again, we saw the glory of the telestial, which glory is that of the lesser,.

152 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

even as the glory of the stars differs from that of the glory of the moon in the firmament. These are they who received not the gospel of Christ, neither the testimony of Jesus. These are they who deny not the Holy Spirit. These are they

who are thrust down to hell. These are they who shall not be redeemed from the

devil until the last resurrection, until the Lord, even Christ the Lamb shall have finished his work. These are they who receive not of his fullness in the eternal

world, but of the Holy Spirit through the ministration of the terrestrial; and the

terrestrial through the ministration of the celestial; and also the telestial receive

it of the administering of angels who are appointed to minister for them, or who are appointed to be ministering spirits for them, for they shall be heirs of salvation.

And the glory of the celestial is one, even as the glory of the sun is one. And

the glory of the terrestrial is one, even as the glory of the moon is one. And the

glory of the telestial is one, even as the glory of the stars is one, for as one star differs from another star in glory, even so differs one from another in glory in the telestial world For these are they who are of Paul, and of Apollos, and of Cephas. These

are they who say they are some of one and some of another—some of Christ and

some of John, and some of Moses, and some of Elias, and some of Esaias, and some of Isaiah, and some of Enoch; but receive not the gospel, neither the testimony of

Jesus, neither the prophets, neither the everlasting covenant. * * *

These are they who are liars, and sorcerers, and adulterers, and whoremongers, and whosoever loves and makes a lie. These are they who suffer the wrath of God

on earth. These are they who suffer the vengeance of eternal fire. These are they

who are cast down to hell and suffer the wrath of Almighty God, until the fullness of times, when Christ shall have subdued all enemies under his feet, and shall have perfected his work; when he shall deliver up the kingdom, and present it unto the

Father spotless, saying—I have overcome and have trodden the winepress alone,

even the winepress of the fierceness of the wrath of Almighty God. Then shall

he be crowned with the crown of his glory, to sit on the throne of his power to reign for ever and ever.

But behold, and lo, we saw the glory and the inhabitants of the telestial world, that they were as innumerable as the stars in the firmament of heaven, or as the sand upon the sea shore, and heard the voice of the Lord saying—these all

shall bow the knee, and every tongue shall confess to him who sits upon the throne for ever and ever; for they shall be judged according to their works, and every

man shall receive according to his own works, his own dominion, in the mansions which are prepared. And they shall be servants of the Most High, but where

God and Christ dwell they cannot come, worlds without end.

This is the end of the vision which we saw, which we were commanded to write while we were yet in the Spirit.

The glory of such a vision must have been indescribable. Who

but Joseph Smith could have portrayed it even in part? He attempted on one occasion to express some of these same truths in

JOSEPH SMITH IN LITERATURE. 153

verse, but the attempt was a comparative failure. No rhyme

could do justice to such a theme. The effort proved, however,

that this prophet was no exception to his class; that he had a taste

for poetizing, and could have been a master in the art had he practiced for the necessary skill. But his time on earth was too short

for every accomplishment; his life too full of toil and trouble for

the cultivation of belle lettres.

Whatever may be said or thought by others, I affirm that the mind which could grasp such splendid and exalted principles, and utter them in a manner so powerful, was essentially a literary mind, the mind of a prophet and a poet, than whom none mightier, save the very Son of God, ever struck the harp of truth and made it vibrant with the music of the spheres.

"What poem did Joseph Smith produce?"He produced the

great poem called "Mormonism, "the grandest and sublimest epic ever conceived and brought forth by the mind of man. The highest concepts of former poets and prophets are but parts of his

concept, mere chapters of his book; even as the dispensations in

which they figured were but tributary to this greatest of dispensations over which he presides. They are the rivers to his ocean, the

forerunners to his fulfilment. And yet he was not the great fulfilment. He stands upon the shoulders of the former prophets,

and sees farther than any of the earlier seers. But above and beyond all, is Christ, the Creator, the divine Author of this divinest

of poems, which, sounded as a prophecy in preexistent spheres, finds its fullest human expression in the heaveninspired song sung by the Prophet of the mst Dispensation.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET OF THE

LIVING GOD.

BY JAMES E. TALMAGE, ph.d.,F.G.S.,F.R.S.(edin.) PROFESSOR OF GEOLOGY,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

In the record of the years long gone, on the pages of the years now passing, appear names and portraits beyond count, presenting all degrees of distinctness, of varied significance, and of graded importance. The pictured lineaments are often faint and

undefined, the name almost illegible, the characters undecipherable;

while other pages glow with the brilliancy of strong imprint, portrait and biography indelible and unfading. Of those who read

and examine the record, few interpret the portrait or understand the inscribed words alike. To one the engraved features and the

lettered name are inspiring and potent; in the soul of another they

arouse anger and hatred. The names of the truly great are known

and remembered for evil as well as for good, and the noblest of men are commonly the most maligned. %

Some whom the world has called great for a season—for a

season of centuries even—are finally forgotten, as the specific

effects of their individual labors are obscured by later and, perchance, greater achievements. They are thought of occasionally,

but their features are forgotten, and their names have lost their oldtime echo of power and action.

Others there are whose individuality is intensified with the passage of the years, whose forms and features are projected ever more and more sharply on the background of time; whose names

are the titles, each of a separate volume listed in the world's liin history is unique and sacred; whose lifebrary;—men whose place

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET. 155

work perpetuates itself; whose honor is enhanced by the achievements of their successors, whose thrones can not be usurped,

whose names shall never be erased from the tablets of fame, nor weakened in their potency to inspire and impel. Such characters

seem to be more than men; they are recognized as representatives

of a power greater than that of mortals; they come to be known

as havino taught and wrought with authority, each of them the bearer of a special message, each an embassador with a mission specifically his own.

The names that live longest as titles of distinction are of men whose message to the world is in a manner new, whose mission is specific and distinctive, and whose commission bears the seal of authority.

The man of whom we speak, Joseph Smith, the prophet of the

Gospel of Christ in the latter days; the man through whom was

dispenopened the latest dispensation in the work of the Lord,—a

sation called new, though characterized by the restoration of the auis one whomthority and powers of all preceding epochs,—this man

men cannot forget or ignore, try as they may. His place in history is secure; his work is recognized as that of a mission delegated to him alone.

The message he bore, the labor he performed among his fellows, the claims he made as to authority and appointment, have naturally and properly been questioned, tested, and analyzed, with keenest care and most exacting detail, at the hand of both friends and enemies.

Few indeed are the historic instances in which so many questions of supreme importance to mankind have turned upon the personality and claims of an individual, as are associated with the life and labors of the man Joseph Smith.

While yet a lad he appeared on the stage of human activity and advancement, declaring, in gentle tone and simple words, that he had been personally visited and instructed by the Eternal Father, and by Jesus the Christ.

If the basis of this solemn declaration was delusion or illusion, if Joseph Smith intentionally or involuntarily thus proclaimed a falsehood, in short, if he was himself mistaken and was to others an impostor or a deceiver, then the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter156 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

day Saints is the embodiment of hypocrisy and deceit, false and corrupt in all its parts, and the incarnation of blackest blasphemy in the very name it bears.

On the other hand, if the testimony of the boy, if the lifework of the man, with its tragic close in the dread scenes of martyrdom, if these be genuine and true, then the perpetuity of the

Church is assured, its bold claim as the repository of the Holy

Priesthood is proved, its authority is vindicated, and its sanctity confirmed.

The question of the age is this: Was Joseph Smith a Prophet

OF THE Living God?

In the interests of clearness and precision, let us first assure ourselves as to the true meaning of the title, in short, let us first seek an answer to the question:

What is a Prophet? In common usage and present application

of the term, a prophet is regarded as one who foretells or predicts events. True, prediction is one of the characteristics of prophecy,

yet in no sense is it the only feature or even the principal function of the prophetic office. By derivation of the word itself, as also

by its use and distinctive application in scripture, the term prophet denotes one who receives, interprets, and proclaims the revelations of God. His authoritative message may pertain to matters of past

or present importance, not essentially to the future alone. Prior

to the time of Samuel, one endowed with prophetic power was called a seer; thus runs the record: "for he that is now called a

prophet was beforetime called a seer."(I Sam. 9: 9). The specific

office of the seer is included in that of the prophet, and the powers of both seer and prophet are united in the calling of the revelator.

The functions of the three may be and commonly are combined in the same person; and he, when authoritatively called and divinely invested, stands as an intermediary between Deity and mortals. As a seer, he is permitted to behold in fitting plainness the

manifestations of the divine purposes and plans; as prophet, he is

enlightened to comprehend in part the mind and will of his Lord;

as revelator, he is empowered, and ofttimes commanded, to proclaim the same to the people. Unto him it is given to ascend the

cloudcapped Sinai, while the multitude waits below; his privilege

it is to enter the Holy of Holies; there to see and hear and learn as

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET. 157

his calling and appointment may require. From the enshrouded

heights, sanctified by the Divine Presence, the prophet returns, bearing the new message—not always writ on tables hewn from

the mountain rock, but imprinted and deeply graven on mind and heart,—the proclamation of counsel and command unto those who

wait and listen for the word divine, as it is voiced by Heaven's embassador.

Since the beginning of history, the prophet has been as truly a fulfiller of earlier prophecy, as a proclaimer of new. Adam, the

patriarch of the race, first seer, prophet, and revelator to the human family, was the foreordained medium through whom the blessing of mortality was conferred on the spiritchildren of God;

and in the lifework so wrought, he became the fulfiller of prophecy uttered, and the executor of plans decreed, in the primeval councils of the Gods.

A prophet or revelator truly sent of God will bear power and authority to instruct and administer in the ordinances of the gospel of Christ. No envoy from the courts of Heaven, no embassador

from the throne of the Great King, will be sent out unprovided with the credentials by which his appointment is authenticated; nor will

such a messenger present himself and assert his claims among men unequipped with the insignia of his oflice.

In the effective discharge of his duties, the true prophet will not only testify in words as to his authoritative appointment and ordination, but will manifest his actual possession of spiritual gifts and specific powers pertaining to the prophetic ofiice, by duly exercising the same as conditions require.

Furthermore, a prophet of the Lord officiating in any one dispensation or period will be consistent in his official utterances and acts with the prophets of earlier days; even as his successors will

be in harmony with him. Consistency and harmony as here referred

to diminish in no sense the distinctive and individual character of the calling and appointment with which every succeeding prophet is charged and commissioned; indeed, unity of the divine purpose

is even more forcibly declared through the differences that isolate each prophet from all others than would be possible in any mere repetition.

The true prophet is no imitator, blindly following step by step 158 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the footprints of a predecessor; he is, perforce, pathfinder and

pathmaker himself; for though he travels as others have done, as

yet others shall do, toward destination fixed and known, his special duties often lead him over ground before untrodden. Originality,

relative originality at least, is essentially associated with the prophetic calling. The Hebrew equivalents of our word prophet signified one from whom inspired utterances bubbled forth spontaneously, as water from a fountain; one who was a source of right

counsel, a wellspring of truth. The prophet of God is without

predecessor or successor in his own particular mission; yet his

words and his works must be consistent with those of the prophets before him, and of assured agreement with the prophecies that shall appear as the scroll of futurity unrolls. Through ordination

one may be installed in the place of a prophet who has departed this life; yet, in the labors and official administration of each, a

marked individuality as to the work and its execution appears.

We affirm that by the foregoing, and by all other tests involving the characteristics essential to and distinctive of the exalted calling and office of the prophet, Joseph Smith was a Prophet of

THE Living God.

1. The man and his mission were proclaimed in ancient times;

therefore, he stands forth as a fulfiller of prophecy, and by his works he confirms the claims of earlier prophets. As instances, the

following are in point.

John, known as the Revelator of olden time, describes in part a vision in which he, as seer and prophet, was shown certain developments that would occur in the last dispendispensation—the

sation of fulness, the modern present. These are the words of

the record as rendered in our tongue: "And I saw another angel

fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue and people."This prophetic utterance by the

lone seer on Patmos found partial fulfilment in the early revelations made to the boyprophet, Joseph Smith. He solemnly testifies that he was visited by an angel, whose person he plainly saw,

whose voice he distinctly heard, and by whom he was instructed.

This celestial visitant gave his name—Moroni; his mission he

declared to be that of a messenger sent of God; his station, while a

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET. 159

mortal being, had been that of a prophet among the people who centuries before had inhabited the western continent. Moroni instructed

Joseph concerning the restoration of the gospel then pending; impressed the youth with the importance of the part assigned to him

in the working out of the divine purpose; and prophesied that his

name would come to be known as a symbol of good and of evil among all nations. The angel further declared that an ancient

record, engraven on plates of gold, lay buried near by; that this

record comprised a history of the ancient peoples from whom he had descended; described the personal ministrations of Jesus Christ

among them; and embodied "the fulness of the everlasting

gospel."This record it was Joseph's privilege and appointed duty to

translate into modern speech, through the power of divine inspiration.

Let it be remembered that this angelic visitation was directly in harmony with the predictions of John the Revelator, whose place in the brotherhood of true prophets is not disputed by the Christian world; and whose prophetic calling is attested by the fulfilment

noted in this instance. The gospel of Christ, the everlasting gospel, was to be brought to earth again by an angel, and its truths

were to be made known among all nations and peoples.

Moroni quoted certain parts of ancient scripture, including the predictions of Malachi as to the fate of the wicked, and concerning the coming of Elijah the prophet, in the last dispensation, to inaugurate a special work pertaining to both the living and the dead; he cited the prophecies of Isaiah concerning the gathering of

the dispersed tribes of Israel, and declared the fulfilment of these predictions to be near at hand.

Thus was the restoration of the gospel inaugurated—through

the ofiicial ministration of an angel, as had been foretold. Other

heavenly personages visited Joseph Smith, each coming as a special messenger with a particular message to deliver, and a specific duty to perform.

In the translation of the graven record described by Moroni, and in its publication to the world as the Book of Mormon, appears the literal fulfilment of other ancient prophecy through the work of the modern seer and revelator. Isaiah's fateful prediction over

disobedient Israel ran in part as follows: "And thou shalt be

160 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

brought down, and shalt speak out of the ground, and thy speech shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be as one that hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust. '

From the ground came forth the Book of Mormon record;—it

is the voice of the past speaking from the dust, a voice that tells of peoples brought low, some even to the state of actual extincrecord or stick of Ephraim, is now pubtion. This volume—the

Bible;lished as openly as is the book or stick of Judah—the Holy

and each is the other's essential complement. Thus they are one,

for neither alone is complete as even a pretended record of both

Judah and Ephraim. (Read Ezekiel 37: 1619.)

The Book of Mormon was given to the world through the instrumentality of Joseph Smith, specially authorized and empowered for the work, a prophet fulfilling prophecy.

The prophecies of Malachi, reiterated and emphasized by Moroni when he first appeared to Joseph Smith, specifically predicted the return of Elijah, with power to inaugurate the vicarious service by the living in behalf of the dead. This found fulfilment on

the third day of April, 1836, when Elijah visited in person Joseph

Smith and his fellowservant Oliver Cowdery, declaring that the time designated by Malachi had fully come. Then he conferred the

power and authority for the work of salvation for the dead, that, as a link in a chain, binds earth to heaven. The labor thus begun in the

present dispensation, precisely as foretold, through the ministration of the prophet, named centuries before the meridian of time, has been prosecuted with earnestness, with zeal, and with sacrifice, to which the majestic temples reared by modern Israel testify with an eloquence surpassed only by that in which is told the story of the sacred rites and saving ordinances administered within.

The few instances cited must suffice as illustrative of the many wherein this modern prophet, while following the path specifically prescribed for him, unconsciously effected the realization of predictions already hoary with age.

2. Joseph Smith received the Holy Priesthood through ordination under the hands of those who held it aforetime. The fact that no

one can impart to another what he does not himself possess requires no demonstration. In the bestowal of the Holy Priesthood,

JOSEPH bMITH THE PROPHET. 161

in the conferring of authority to act in the name of the Lord, this truth finds literal application. In the testimony of his life, in his

testament bearing the bloodred seal of martyrdom, Joseph Smith affirms without qualification that the several powers and functions pertaining to the priesthood were conferred upon him by those who held and used the keys of those separate callings in earlier periods. Thus, the angel Moroni, who delivered to Joseph

Smith the record of old containing * 'the fulness of the everlasting gospel, ''and who in so doing fulfilled the prediction of John as described, was the very person who, while yet a mortal being, had completed and sealed that record, and then had buried it where it was found under his direction fourteen centuries later.

In May, 1829, Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery were ordained to the order of the lesser or Aaronic Priesthood; the officiating

priest was John, surnamed the Baptist,—he whose voice was heard

in the wilderness of Judea crying repentance and proclaiming the coming of the Messiah, he who baptized the Savior in Jordan, the priest after the order of Aaron to whose authority Jesus submitted.

Who more fit than John to restore to earth the authority of the priestly oflRce to which pertained the preaching of repentance and the power to administer in the essential ordinance of baptism?

The higher or Melchizedek order of priesthood was afterward conferred on Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, each of whom was ordained to the holy apostleship, with authority to officiate in all the ordinances of the gospel. By whom could this higher authority

be more properly restored to earth than by those who last officiated as presiding officers therein? And by these,—Peter, James, and

John, who constituted the presidency of the apostles in the primiOliver Cowdery ordained tive church,—were Joseph Smith and

apostles of the Lord Jesus.

In the same orderly manner, the special appointment pertaining to the gathering of Israel in the last days was conferred by

Israel. Furthermore, as already Moses—the leader of unscattered

cited, the commission and authority relating to the labor of the living for the salvation of the dead came through Elijah, who, not having passed the portals of death, yet quickened to a life continued, was particularly qualified to officiate in matters pertaining to both the living and the dead.

162 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

long The last dispensation—that of the fulness of times,—was

ago foretold, as a period of restoration and restitution, a time of reestablishment, when all things before revealed shall be again made plain, and the sublime consummation of another part of the great plan of salvation be accomplished, Elias, the restorer, came to earth and transmitted to Joseph Smith the keys of authority in the work of restoration and reestablishment.

The claims made by and for the first prophet of this, the last to the source of his authority, the means anddispensation—as

consistent and logical.manner of his ordination—are

In view of the great apostasy, following the Messianic dispensation and the apostolic period immediately succeeding, whereby the Church of Christ ceased to exist among men, and the Holy

Priesthood was no longer represented by organized quorums of predicted by Christ and themen duly ordained—the apostasy

apostles, and proved by rational interpretation of later history, it was impossible for any mortal to reestablish the Church without the restoration of the powers, gifts, and authority, of the priesthood.

This reestablishment, as foretold and as now realized, was no mere revival; no fanning a flame from a heap of smouldering

cinders; no rejuvenation of a weak and decrepit church. It was

to be and it proved to be the creation of a church new to modern of Jesustimes, though in reality older than time—the Church

Christ resoored to earth. Men are the instruments, the agents,

through and by whom the Omnipotent brings about the realization of purposes which may be but in small degree comprehended by human minds; indeed, the authorized and appointed agents may fail

to fathom the divine thought to its depths; and may see but dimly

the outlines of the great edifice they help to rear. Prophets have

ever builded better than they knew.

3. That Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God is conclusively

proved by his life work and its results.

A nomination or call to office, even when followed by valid election, does not assure active and efficient service. Actual qualification for any position of authority is manifested through effective administration under the authority vested in the oflScial.

That men through their organizations,—municipal, state, and

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET. 163

national, frequently nominate and elect from among themselves those who are unfit to exercise official powers, will not be seriouslydisputed. Authority may be delegated under the laws enacted by

men; qualification cannot be so conferred. But when God calls

and ordains a man to any office, qualification and power are given as required.

Joseph Smith was not a prophet by election nor an apostle by ordination alone; his works confirm and prove his actual possession

of the authority he professed. In relation to the power of prediction as a feature of the prophet's calling, a test by which to

distinguish the true prophet from the pretender was given of old, and is equally applicable today; it was this:—"When a prophet

speaketh in the name of the Lord, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the Lord hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously; thou shalt not be afraid

of him"(Deut. 18:22). The rule implies that the fulfilment of

prediction is at bast strong evidence that he who so prophesied was indeed a prophet.

A prophecy given to the world through Joseph Smith, though described as the words of the angel Moroni, referred to the Book of Mormon, which at that time was untranslated, and declared:

''The knowledge that this record contains will go to every nation, 'etc. Already the book has been published in all the principal

languages of earth, and the work is still progressing.

The persecutions of the Latterday Saints, the mobbings and drivings that awaited them, their painful and perilous journey to the west, and their growth as a mighty people amongst the mountains, were all foretold by the prophet Joseph, many years before the exodus began. The literal fulfilment is a matter of current

history, and a subject that claims the attention of philosopher, historian, and statesman alike.

—"VerilyIn 1832,thus Josephsaith theSmithLord, gaveconcerningto thetheChurchwars thatthis willrevelation:shortly

come to pass, beginning at the rebellion of South Carolina, which will eventually terminate in the death and misery of many souls.

The days will come that war will be poured out upon all nations, beginning at that place; for, behold, the Southern States shall be

divided against the Northern States, and the Southern States will 164 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

call on other nations, even the nation of Great Britain,"etc. (Doc.

& Gov. section 87). This prediction was proclaimed by the elders

of the Ghurch more than a quarter of a century before the civil war broke out between the North and the South; and the revelation was

published in The Pearl of Great Price, British edition of 1851, and was announced yet earlier, within the year named, in the Millennial

Star, volume 49, page 396. The terrible events constituting a literal

fulfilment of this dire prophecy, beginning twentyeight years after its announcement, are known even by the schoolboy conning his lesson in United States history.

These instances of prediction, made by this prophet of the latterdays, and verified by literal fulfilment, are cited as examples;

others equally convincing are of record in the published works of the Ghurch, and to these the investigator is referred.

Let it not be forgotten, however, that the gift and function of prophecy comprises more than the power of prediction. Joseph

Smith's position as a prophet of God is proved by his spiritual enlightenment and surpassing wisdom in matters of present importance, and in his interpretation of events of history to him as to us ancient. The translation of the Book of Mormon, and of

other ancient records, is proof of his divine endowment. In the

exercise of other gifts and graces of the Spirit, in healing the sick, in his power to read the minds of men and lay bare the secrets of their hearts, in his inspired counsel, in his administrative ability as shown in the plan of Ghurch organization, as a preacher of righteousness and a teacher of men, he was verily a prophet from whose lips issued truth and wisdom as living water from the perennial spring.

4. The doctrines taught by Joseph Smith are true and scriptural. The revelations proclaimed by him are in harmony with

earlier scriptures, yet adapted to the new dispensation inaugurated through his agency. Hostile critics and avowed enemies of

the Ghurch have failed in their eager search for inconsistency or contradiction between modern revelation and ancient scripture.

The doctrines of the Ghurch of Jesus Ghrist of Latterday Saints are the doctrines of the gospel; they change not, for their foundation is truth.

If a shadow of doubt yet lingers as to the divine authenticity

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET. 165

of Joseph Smith's calling and mission among men, let the results of his life's work dispel the shade. What sect or church, other

than the Church of Jesus Christ, reestablished and founded through the authorized administration of Joseph Smith, even professes that its organization and operation are after the manner of

Christ's Church of former days? Where is another church to be

found ready to solemnly proclaim and defend its title to bear the name of Jesus Christ, and to demonstrate its possession of the

Holy Priesthood.

Proof of actual and unbroken succession in the apostolic office from the chosen twelve ordained by The Christ in person, has been attempted in vain. Moreover, the great falling away

already begun in apostolic days—the general apostasy with consequent loss of priesthood and authority, was clearly foretold, and

is plainly admitted by unbiased theologians of modern times. The

assumption that any man, or combination of men, or the human family in its entirety, can originate or create among themselves the authority of heaven—the right to administer in the sacred

ordinances of the gospel of Christ, and the power to speak in the name of the Lord, is so illogical and absurd as to be its own refutation. If man cannot obtain this power of himself, he cannot

delegate or transmit the same to his fellows by ordination or other ceremony. Where shall we search for a church other than that

founded through the authority conferred on Joseph Smith, that asserts the weakest pretense of claim to the restored priesthood?

Had the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints originated in deceit, were its professed authority and power mancreated and selfassumed, were its title but a name, and that name of man's choosing, were this Church but one among the many small sects and parties that have grown as a fungus in the night, only to wither and rot under the next day's sun; in short, if it be not

what it claims to be, how are to be explained its steady growth, its orderly development, its stability and vitality, its marvelous recuperative capacity, its varied manifestations of vigor and life of which neither men nor demons can rob it. It boldly declares

its own immortality, and affirms that human power shall never avail to destroy it. So declared the prophet at its inception; so

each successor to the seat of prophetpresidency has reiterated;

166 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

so does its history warrant; so shall the years and centuries confirm.

There is but this answer to the greatest question of the age:

Joseph Smith was truly the Prophet of the Most High God.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

A CENTURY SONG—DECEMBER 23, 1905.

One hundred years—how quickly gone

How full last century's lines were hung

With signs of this Millennial dawn,

Which ancient prophets saw and sung.

Great books of truth, for ages sealed,

The nineteenth century revealed

The birth, the life, and death it holds,

Of him whose work that truth unfolds.

A humble youth, no thought had he,

Of worldly fame, he only sought,

To be from error's creeds kept free,

And learn the truth, as Jesus taught.

He asked in faith, with heart so pure.

That he God's presence could endure

Father and Son—vision fair

Came, answering his fervent prayer.

A century since that prophet's birth,

And still the doubting nations scorn;

Will they e'er sense salvation's worth,

Or why the Son of God was born?

Peace, peace, Zion! sing thy songs;

All glory to thy God belongs;

Thy children testify with joy,

Of Joseph Smith, the prophet boy.

L. L. Greene Richaeds.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

AN UNPUBLISHED LETTER OF THE PROPHET

JOSEPH.

Mrs. Susa Young Gates possesses an autograph letter written by Joseph Smith the Prophet, which she has kindly permitted

the Era to publish. Concerning its history she writes:

This letter, written by the hand of the Prophet Joseph Smith to his brother

Hymm Smith, is one of possibly two or three such original letters in existence.

The Prophet had a secretary, or scribe, as a rule, and was far too busy and engrossed to attend to his personal correspondence. But this letter, which has been

examined by Presidents Lorenzo Snow, Joseph F. Smith and George Q. Cannon, is

pronounced a genuine autograph letter.

The history of the present ownership is this: The Patriarch Hyrum Smith

lived for about a year in the home of Newel Knight, who acted as the Patriarch's secretary. It was during this period that the letter from the Prophet was received

by the Patriarch. When the Patriarch moved away from Brother Knight's house,

the letter was left behind. Brother Knight valued it very highly, and kept it till

his death, which occurred in the Pottawattamie lands, when he was on his way to the Valley. His second wife, Lydia Knight, traveled with him, and she, too, appreciated the value of the letter. Years after, she had it framed in a solid, quaint,

homemade frame, with glass on both sides.

The present owner of the relic wrote Aunt Lydia Knight's History in the early '80s. Aunt Lydia, with that fine, splendid independence of character which was

so much a part of her, wished to pay the writer for the work done. But

this the writer would not listen to. She told Aunt Lydia that there was one thing

that she possessed that would be precious in her sight, and which would more than repay any obligation between the two. Aunt Lydia agreed to consult her

children about it, and especially her stepson Joseph, whose claim was first, of course, because his mother, the first wife, was alive when the letter was written, and it was she who had taken care of it for years. The consent was given, and

at Aunt Lydia's death the framed letter was sent to the writer.

The contents of the letter have never before been made public. Susa Young

Gates.

THE PROPHET'S UNPUBLISHED LETTER.

KiRTLAND, Geauga Co.,,Ohio, March 3, 1831.

Brother Hyrum: We arrived here safe, and are all well. I

168 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

have been engaged in regulating the churches here, as the disciples here are numerous, and the Devil has made many attempts to overthrow them. It has been a serious job, but the Lord is with

us, and we have overcome, and have all things regular. The work

is breaking forth on the right hand and on the left, and there is a great call for elders in this place. We have received a letter

from Oliver, dated Independence, Jackson county, Missouri, January the 29th, 1831.* These are the words which he has written,

saying:

"My Dearly Beloved Brethren: After a considerable lengthy

journey, I avail myself of the first opportunity of communicating to you a knowledge of our situation, that you may be privileged of writing to us, for we have not heard anything from you since we left you last fall. We arrived here a few days since, which is

about twentyfive miles from the Shawney Indians, on the south side of the Kansas river at its mouth, and Delawares on the north. I have had two interviews with the chief of the Delawares, a very old and venerable looking man. After laying before

him and eighteen or twenty of the council of that nation the truth, he said that he and they were very glad for what I, their brother, had told them, and they had received it in their hearts, etc. But how

the matter will go with this tribe to me is uncertain; neither can

I at present conclude much about it. The weather is quite severe,

and the snow is considerable deep, which makes it at present quite difficult traveling about. I have but a short time to write to

you, my beloved brethren, as the mail leaves this place in the morning, but I wish some of you to write to me immediately a full letter of all your affairs, and then I will write to you the situation of all the western tribes, etc. '

Thus reads most of the letter, saying to us:

''The God of my father Jacob be with you all. Amen.

"I remain, in Christ, your brother forever, "Oliver."My Dearly Beloved Brother Hyrum: I have had much concern

about you, but I always remember you in my prayers, calling upon

* See Doctrine and Covenants, sees. 38: 8; 30: 5, 6; 32: 1-3

AN UNPUBLISHED LETTER OF THE PROPHET. 169

God to keep you safe, in spite of men or devils. I think you had

better come into this country immediately, for the Lord has commanded us that we should call the elders of this Church together unto this place as soon as possible.*

after being called out of my bed March 4th.—This morning,

in the night to go a small distance, I went and had an awful struggle with Satan; but, being armed with the power of God he

was cast out, and the woman is clothed in her right mind. The

Lord worketh wonders in this land.

I want to see you all. May the grace of God be and abide

with you all, even so. Amen.

Your brother forever, Joseph Smith, Jr.

to write Oliver, direct your letter to In- P. S.—If you want

dependence, Jackson county, Missouri.

Harrison and Orson Pratt arrived here on February 27th.

They left our folks well. David Jackway has threatened to take

father with a subpoena writ. In the spring you had better come

to Fayette, and take father along with you. Come in a onehorse

wagon if you can. Do not come through Buffalo, for they will

lie in wait for you. God protect you.

I am, Joseph.

Addressed: Mr. Hyrum Smith,

Harperville, Broom county, N. Y.

* Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 37: 3.

GENIUS OR SEER?

BY JOHN HENRY EVANS, INSTRUCTOR IN CHURCH HISTORY,

LATTERDAY SAINTS'UNIVERSITY, AND AUTHOR OF ""one HUNDRED YEARS OF MORMONISM.

I.

Since there can be no reasonable doubt that, humanly speaking, Joseph Smith was the founder of * 'Mormonism, "and since men are to be estimated by what they say and what they do, it follows that this man was either a great, original genius or a heaveninspired seer. Let us view Joseph Smith in the light reonly, however, so far asflected by his work—"Mormonism, "—but

will enable us to ascertain the extent to which he possessed originality; that is, the power of invention.

''Mormon''prophIt is a common belief in the world that the et was a plagiarist; in other words, that the Church he founded is

not an original contribution to religion. The American Encyclopedia, for example, asserts that, ''to make up the religion of the

'Mormons,'Hebraism, Persian dualism, Brahminism, Buddhistic apotheosis of saints; Christianity, both in its orthodoxy and heterodoxy; Mohammedanism, Druidism, Mesmerism, and Spiritrapping

have all contributed something. ''Admitting, for the sake of argument, not indeed this shallow and selfcontradictory statement,

but such a modification of it as would appear reasonably true, let us see what light this would throw on the character of the Prophet Joseph.

Two things, though, must be made clear, before we may safely draw a conclusion from premises viewed from this standpoint.

The first one is, that whatever the source of the separate

GENIUS OR SEER? 171

parts of this religion may be, the resulting whole—"Mormonism"

unit. This is admitted by everyone who is fa-—is a remarkable

miliar with it, and who has viewed it through glasses uncolored by prejudice. * 'The organization of the 'Mormons, '"declares Professor Ely, "is the most nearly perfect piece of social mechanism

with which I have, in any way, come in contact, excepting alone the German army. ''This remark, of course, is the result of observation from the view point of the political economist. But it

would be equally true if made concerning the religious or the philosophical aspect of ''Mormonism. ''From whatever side it is looked

at, this religious organization appears perfectly homogeneous.

The other point that we must speak of before casting up results is, that greatness does not consist alone in the power to create, as this word is commonly understood, but extends also to the power to organize the material already at hand. Indeed, it is

doubtful whether any great man is original, "if we require,"in

Emerson's phrase, "the originality which consists in weaving, like a spider, his web from his own bowels; in finding clay, and making

bricks, and building the house. ''He profits by the labors of

others; he brings to bear upon the results of their toil an insight

that can see to make improvement. "The hero is in the press of

knights, and the thick of events, and,, seeing what men want, and sharing their desire, he adds the needful length of sight and of arm, to come at the desired point. The greatest genius is the most

indebted man.'How much did Moses owe to "the learning of the

Egyptians?"Darwin and Spencer to their predecessors? Shakespeare to* the storytellers that went before him? And our modern

inventors to the toil of others? There is little enough that is new

under the sun. Every age is mostly a reproduction of the preceding one. All the literature of the world, if we avoid repetition, might be put into a dozen quartos.

An instance or two will make our meaning clear. We English speaking people are fond of pointing to Shakespeare as the

supreme master in literature, the prince of poets. This is perfectly proper, and every civilized nation joins us in assigning him

the first place in the literary Hall of Fame. But an examination

of his plays will reveal the fact that, so far as matter is concerned, he probably owes more to his fellowworkmen, than does any other 172 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

great writer. Hamlet's philosophy is in Montaigne's Essays, and

most of the material and much of the phraseology of Henry VIII can be found in the Chronicles of Hollinshed. In the last play, for

instance, according to Malone, "out of six thousand and fortythree lines, seventeen hundred and seventyone were written by some author preceding Shakespeare; two thousand three hundred

and seventythree by him, on the foundation laid by his predecessors, and only one thousand eight hundred and ninetynine were entirely his own. ''This investigation of Malone's hardly leaves a

single drama of Shakespeare's absolute invention. Professor

Wendell of Harvard University is wont to say that the great dramatist's only original play, in the sense for which we are contending, lessis his worst—the Merry Wives of Windsor. Milton was no

dependent upon others for his material for Paradise Lost. The

American Constitution, to go into another department of thought for an illustration, has little new in it, if we except the idea which places in the hands of the Supreme Court of the United

States the power to nullify an act of Congress and that which provides for the enforcing of the laws of the United States in the various states by the general government. And so we could

multiply instances, but space forbids even our entering into the details of the cases cited.

is In view, therefore, of these two facts—that ''Mormonism"

admittedly an almost perfect organization, and that individual greatness does not consist alone in the creative imagination—it

ought to be clear that the cry of plagiarist does not deprive the ''Mormon"Prophet of the claim to firstrate ability. The charge

is a mere bagatelle raised by those who either cannot find any serious objection against the Church, or wish to provide a popular slogan. If all the constituents of this religion were separately

traceable to sources outside of Joseph Smith, still the wonderful compound resulting from these would entitle this man to the quality of greatness. As well might we refuse to call Shakespeare

great because the material of his dramas can be traced to other sources than himself; or to Milton, because his marvelous epic can

be found, in substance, in a few verses of Genesis and the Apocalypse; or to the framers of our Constitution, because this instrument is made up almost wholly of old ideas.

GENIUS OR SEER? 173

The fact of the matter is, pressed to its ultimate analysis, that this power of organizing and recasting material at hand is itself a species of creation, since the product is something that did not exist before. Thus, not to vary our examples, Paradise Lost,

though its germs lie in the Bible and probably in Caedmon's Paraphrases, is nevertheless something distinctly new; the plays of

Shakespeare are undoubted products of a wonderful creative power, notwithstanding this, that and the other idea can be traced to more or less definite sources; for, under the spell of this mighty

magician those heaps of dead, chaotic material in Hollinshed and the rest, suddenly sprang up into living persons as real as any that you shake hands with in the world; and the American Document of Freedom still remains, in the words of Gladstone, the

most wonderful thing ever struck off at a given time by the brain and purpose of man. So it is with "Mormonisra. "If it were possible to say that this principle was taken from this source, and

that doctrine from that source, the fact would still remain that the result of this combination is something entirely new in the world it did not exist in its present form before. The separate elements

would have lost their former identity, and taken on a new shape;

Joseph Smith's organizing genius would have wrought upon these constituent parts till he had produced a distinctly new religion. And

the sum total of results is scarcely less original than it would be if the various elements of which his product is composed were absolutely new, and ''Mormonism,"in this sense, becomes an original contribution to religion.

II.

But we do not wish to press this conclusion. There is another answer to the charge of plagiarism, and that is to deny it in

the meaning which it is generally made to bear. We might, for

instance, suggest a doubt that a young man in the frontier district, in the early nineteenth century, without either booklearning or the opportunity of acquiring it, could know well enough the history of religion. Heathen and Christian, to cull from each faith

whatever ideas might produce, when arranged by him, such a religion as ''Mormonism, ''not to speak of his anticipating cults that did not arise till after his day. We may safely leave this for the

174 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

more important and practical business of calling attention to ideas which, so far as his generation is concerned, originated in Joseph

Smith.

Beyond all cavil, the biggest conception in "Mormonism"—its

is known among us as the eternalworking hypothesis—is what

progression of man. This idea, briefly explained, is: Man, as to

his spiritual essence, is an eternal being, capable of continuous and infinite progression; that is, he had no beginning, neither will

he have an end. "The mind or the intelligence which man possesses is coequal with God. ''In other words, ''man exists upon the

same principle"as does Deity. Moreover, ''God himself was once

as we are now, and is an exalted man. ''The principle of eternal

''knowing God"life, therefore—in so far as it is synonymous with

lies in "going from one small degree to another; from a small—

capacity to a great; from grace to grace; from exaltation to exaltation, until man attains to the resurrection of the dead, and is

able to dwell in everlasting burnings, and to sit in glory, as do those who are enthroned in everlasting power. ''This means, of

course, that man may go on increasing indefinitely in all those attributes which in this life we have learned to look upon as noble and permanently good, that he may continue the development of intellectual, moral, and spiritual power; that, in a word, he may

become a God.

In what a dignity does this conception apparel man! He is

not, like the Chinaman, a stone in the civic wall; or a member of

a nontranscendent caste, as in ancient Egypt and India; or a child

of the state, like an enlightened Spartan of the time of Pericles;

nor something better than the worm, ''totally depraved, ''though "a little lower than the angels,"of our good neighbors who scout the idea of is nothing less than a God in em- "Mormonism"—he

bryo! It would be interesting to pause here long enough to point

out the difference between individuals and peoples who hold high notions concerning man, and individuals and peoples who do not.

But this matter lies beyond our province in this article.

Where did this idea come from? It certainly did not reach us

through the channel of Heathenism. Did it come from any or all

of the "Christian"sects by which Joseph Smith was surrounded?

Ask those who to this very day turn away from the bare thought * GENIUS OR SEER? 175

as the acme of blasphemy, whose God becomes each year more etherial and impersonal, and whose most blissful anticipations respecting the hereafter are, to become a kind of celestial song bird. At all events, they could never, in the world or out of it,

become like their God, for their God is bodiless and passionless, with a center nowhere, and a circumference everywhere. That we

are not dealing humorously or flippantly with matter, (for indeed it is difficult to speak reverently of such a notion) is evident when one considers the views of God held by a man like Lyman Abbot, who is universally looked upon as one of the first "Christian"ministers of America. Surely, then, Joseph Smith did not levy any

tax on Heathenism nor on modern Christianity for his ideas of man and God, and of the relationship which each sustains to the other.

Take another principal idea in ''Mormonism, ''or rather a group of ideas that cluster very closely around this notion of man.

According to Joseph Smith, this earth did not come into existence by reason of any accident, but its creation was part of Jehovah's fixed and definite plan for man's exaltation. It is only by being

placed in these mortal and very material conditions that his progress and unfolding will be insured. In other words, this earth is

man's probation sphere, where he can be tried and perfected for a higher stage. Nor will the earth pass away as such. There is

to be a resurrection of the body, very literal, as in the case of

Jesus; after which our little planet will be made a fit habitation

for immortal man. This earth is to be literally the inheritance of

the meek; and here, after the resurrection, shall men increase in

knowledge and power and dominion and glory forever. But this

higher stage is not to be reached without effort on the part of man, is not to be enjoyed merely through the free grace of Christ;

but it is necessary, after receiving this grace, to conform to every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God. Man, in other

words, must live every day the life of a child of God on his way to exaltation. Such, very imperfectly expressed, are the objects

which every good Latterday Saint sets before him, and which are as real as anything he expects next year.

Now where do these ideas come from? "From Heathenism,"

says the etherializing "Christian;""and such a crass materialism

could have come only from the lowest forms of Heathenism!"But

176 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

this statement shows how shallow are the investigations of those who make it, not only of "Mormonism, "but also of nonChristian religions; and it proves nothing respecting the origin of these doctrines, except, indeed, that they did not originate in modem Christianity. If we asked our critics to point out specifically which

idea v/as derived from what creed, they would indicate Mohammed's faith as the source of Joseph Smith's ''material heaven."

That there is a faint suggestion of the former in the latter, is undeniable. But any one who is familiar with both conceptions of

the hereafter will readily admit that there is little similarity, if any, between them; not to speak of the one originating in the

is our point here. Besides, there is not the remotestother—which

indication that the Prophet Joseph knew anything about Mohammedism at the time he first advanced these ideas. On the contrary, the notion that he did is irreconcilable with what we know

of his life. Incidentally, we might call attention to the very bold

departure of Joseph Smith's ideas in general, and this one in particular, from those that prevailed in the region where he lived from those, therefore, with which he was most familiar.

is One other idea we must speak of—that, namely, which

known among us as salvation for the dead. The Saints, in common

with the Christian world, recognize the fact that only through the name of Jesus can salvation be obtained, that salvation is free to all of God's children, but that, to all appearances, only a comparatively few of them will secure that boon. Nevertheless, "Mormonism"is not driven to the position where it must impeach the

Divine Wisdom for creating man, and then of allowing him to overturn His purposes respecting man's wellbeing, which results in the damnation of the great majority of the human race, or, at least in their nonsalvation. According to the ''Mormon"doctrine, as

announced by its first Prophet, all men, from Adam to the last, will have the opportunity of hearing the gospel and obeying it, if not "in the flesh,"yet in the spirit world. At death, according to this

idea, the spirit of man—the part of him that thinks and feels, that

receives or rejects, that hears ixnd sees and wills—goes to the

world of spirits where Christ is preached, and where every individual spirit has the power to obey or to disobey Him. But since

baptism and other ordinances of the gospel, which cannot be perGENIUS OR SEEit? 177

formed there, are necessary to salvation or eternal progress, these are performed by those still in the flesh for those who have passed away without as Jesus died for man because man was them—just

without the power to die efficaciously for himself. In this way

will every soul have the opportunity of exercising his agency in the matter of the laws of eternal progress.

Where did this idea come from? Not surely from any Heathen

religion, and not from the narrow and imperfect dogmas of modern

Christianity. So far as this generation is concerned, it originated

with the Prophet Joseph Smith. Till Joseph Smith came, the world

had no answer to the average Christian's frightful commentary on the wisdom of Jehovah in devising a plan of salvation that would save only a handful of His children.

We have preferred not to discuss the question whether these ideas we have mentioned are true. The only matter that we are

concerned with here is. Where did the "Mormon"Prophet get

them? Clearly, if there has been any plagiarism, it has been only

in the smaller and less important ideas, not in the big, central ones. But it is clear that, even if these latter were adopted,

the fact that they have been combined into a viril faith like ''Mormonism"places the founder of the religion in the realm of actual creation. This is the only conclusion that can be drawn from a

close comparison of "Mormonism"with other faiths. Pagan and

Christian. Joseph Smith, therefore, becomes one of the great

religious reformers of the world. This conclusion would astonish

our critics very much. But as long as these hiss out, in one breath,

the vilest epithets in the language to the effect that the "Mormon"

Prophet was a depraved and ignorant impostor, and then, in the next breath, construct an argument that actually presupposes in him a scholarly discrimination and a wide range of historical information, so long may we be at liberty to leave them to their own devices in the way of extricating themselves from a very queer dilemma.

III.

But Joseph Smith and his people do not ask the world to believe him a great genius. All they require is the admission that he

was inspired of heaven in the same sense that the ancient seers 178 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

were inspired. It is true that the Hebrew Scriptures teach the

doctrine that man may become like God, as, for example, when the apostle declares that * 'when He comes we shall be like Him, ''and the injunction of Jesus for men to become perfect like the Father;

these holy writings make God a personal being, after whose image man was created, that the earth shall be man's permanent home, and that the "dead"have the gospel preached to them. But without extraordinary genius, or, what would prove equivalent, the gift

of divine inspiration, Joseph Smith would not be any more likely to discover and elaborate these beautiful truths than any other person. It is probable that, like the rest of religious teachers, he

would have eagerly snatched at the Psalmist's "a little lower than the angels"as the highest conception of man, utterly ignoring, like them, the infinitely nobler idea of man's unlimited progress;

that he would have chosen the psalmsinging, harptwanging idea of heaven rather than the sensible picture given in the phrase, "The meek shall inherit the earth;"that, finally, he would have

preferred to leave his followers with the preposterous notion that

God could not devise a plan sufficiently comprehensive to save even the majority of his creatures, to the marvelously simple idea that men may be "saviors on Mount Zion."

But this last thought we need not follow further. It is perfectly clear that Joseph Smith was a great original genius, or one

of the greatest of inspired Seers. The Saints prefer the simpler

explanation—that he was and is a Seer.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

WHAT JOSEPH SMITH DID FOR THE WOMANHOOD OF THE CHURCH.

BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

One hundred years permits an observer a fairly accurate perspective by which to measure the history and character of those who began life at the beginning of that period. And although

hundreds of years will be necessary in which to tell the tale of the greatness and majesty of the man, Joseph Smith, yet can we arrive at some measure of the truth in this comparatively short time.

What his life and mission did for men, for science, for philosophy, for life in its fullest and deepest sense, others may consider;

but the inquiry now and here to be answered is, what did his life and mission mean to the womanhood of the Church, and, therefore, to the women of the world?

First of all, what was the condition of women, socially, politically and religiously, in 1830, when the Church was organized?

In answering this, it should be known that at the beginning of the nineteenth century, when Joseph was born, the full education of girls was unknown. They were allowed, not very graciously, to attend school when the boys were away and at work.

But the same violent opposition to every phase of the Woman's question was then centered on the ultraliberal idea of permitting girls to acquire any learning but the polite arts of reading and writing, and perhaps a smattering of French and music, with embroidery and fine sewing. More than this, declared preachers and

teachers, came of the devil. In the early part of the century,

a female seminary was opened. But even then, such strong meat as

180 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mathematics or science was deemed heretical to suggest as food for brains of delicate girls.

Socially, women were just emerging from the long, dark traditions of the Crusades, the monasteries, and the later straitlaced Puritan prejudices against woman appearing anywhere in public life. Yet, socially women had far more opportunities and

privileges than educationally, politically, or religiously. For, the

way from the drawing room led often into minor powers in state

affairs.

Religiously, that is among the sects, the position of woman was more than subordinate. The Quakers were the only ones who

acknowledged in any way the right of woman's voice to be raised within church walls.

Therefore, when a young and fearless prophet arose who proclaimed, as a first foundation principle, that women should have the religious franchise, and that all things should be done with ''common consent, ''one need not wonder at the horror which his announcement created.

In the year 1830, in July, the Prophet received a revelation concerning his wife Emma, and in it were instructions and powers that extended to all the daughters of God's kingdom.

Herein she was told ''to walk in the paths of virtue before me; to lay aside the things of this world, and seek for a better."

She was * 'to be ordained under the hands of Joseph Smith to expound Scriptures and to exhort the Church, as it shall be given thee by my Spirit. '

And what were the results? What has "Mormonism"and

all women?Joseph Smith done forme, for my sisters—for

Where would I, my sisters, my mother, yea, all women of this people be, if Joseph Smith had not been born, if he had not translated the Book of Mormon, established the Church, built Kirtland,

Far West, Nauvoo, consecrated temples, given endowments, established commonwealths, and finally rendered up his own life on the altar of sacrifice, returning from his contemplated trip to the

Rocky Mountains, to go like a lamb to the slaughter? Can you

think where we would have been? You and I? Will your mind

obey your imagination, and picture for you what might have been and what now is?

WHAT JOSEPH SMITH DID FOR WOMANHOOD. 181

Who would have established a splendid, independent woman's organization, giving her every right to progress, advance, and grow along every true and natural line? Where would be our

Woman's Relief Society, Mutual Improvement Associations, and the

Primaries, but for him? Our elective franchise in Church and

state? For Brigham Young never would have reached the Rocky

Mountains, if Joseph Smith had not pointed the way? And if these

men had not come, what class of people would have come?

Think of it, every woman, young or old; ponder it well.

What debt do you owe Joseph Smith, the Prophet of the living

God? What has he done for you? And how may we repay this

debt, this obligation? Only by love and loyalty to him, and obedience to the principles which he taught.

We only remember that which is constantly before our eyes, within the hearing of our ears, and upon our lips in speech. The

memory of the Savior himself would perish from the earth were he not spoken of and written about constantly. Why are the

Scriptures so necessary to the people's spiritual health? Because

they tell us of God and his handdealings on earth. And surely,

the memory of any man would speedily fade, were not books written, pictures painted, and monuments erected to keep memory green.

Then you and I, sisters, can help, ever so little it may be, but still help, to keep the grass above Joseph's grave green in our hearts and the hearts of our children. Let us talk of him,

write about him, and love and honor him daily and hourly.

One key: Whenever a meeting drags, or is spiritless, let any

one get up and testify to the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and see how quickly light will dispel the darkness. If a missionary in the field would have his mettle tested to the utmost, let

him boldly testify to the truth of Joseph's message to the earth, and to the majesty and power of that man. There was a time

when it took more courage to testify of Christ. But now, the

mere knowledge of him is almost covering the whole earth, and it is easy to speak of him and his refulgent earthmission. Just now,

the storm centre of truth broods over the name and memory of

Joseph Smith, and his new testament of the character and power of the Savior. It is because Joseph Smith testifies of the Christ

a.

182 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

as he is, not as he is supposed to be, that men hate him. Was

not the same conditions existent in Judea nineteen hundred years ago?

Then, up with the standard of truth, and honor and glory to the standard bearer, who went down to his grave in the battle with death and hell, holding that banner aloft as he chanted a hymn to God and Christ! We thank God that our eyes may still

see, our ears still hear, and our lips still speak the praises of our "prophet, priest and king."

In conclusion, let us give some extracts from the teachings of this great man to the Woman's Society, which he, under revelation from God, had established on March 17, 1842, in Nauvoo.

A perusal of the minutes, kept by the Secretary, Eliza R. Snow,

gives a wonderful insight into the liberality and justice manifested by Joseph Smith towards women and womanhood. Let young

elders and bishops note the breadth and scope given to all women by the teaching of the Prophet.

One may learn more of a man's attitude on any question by reading what he says, himself, than by reading what others say about him. Hence it is that the reading of the Scriptures is far

more profitable than reading any number of commentaries and stories about them.

Let us go to the fountain head for light:

The meeting was addressed, March 17, 1842, by President Joseph Smith, to illustrate the object of the society—that the society of the sisters might provoke

the brethren to good works, in looking to the wants of the poor, searching after objects of charity, and administering to their wants—to assist by correcting the

morals and strengthening the virtues of the community, and save the elders the trouble of rebuking; that they may give their time to other duties, etc., in their

public teaching. * * He proposed that the sisters elect a presiding officer to

preside over them, and let the presiding officer choose two counselors to assist in the duties of her office—that he would ordain them to preside over the society, and

let them preside just as the presidency preside over the Church; and if they need

his instructions, he will give it from time to time. * * * j gjjy

officers are wanted to carry out the designs of the institution, let them be appointed and set apart as deacons, teachers, etc., are among us.

President Smith gave an initial donation of five dollars—

gold piece to commence the funds of the society, and said that whatever he gave in charity would hereafter be given through this society.

WHAT JOSEPH SMITH DID FOR WOMANHOOD. 183

He then suggested the propriety of electing a presidency to continue in office during good behavior, or so long as they shall continue to fill the office with dignity, etc., like the first Presidency of the Church. * * * gjj |.{j3

all difficulties which might and would cross our way must be surmounted, though the soul be tried, the heart faint, and hands hang down * * There must be decision of character aside from sympathy. Must all act in concert, or

nothing can be done. Said that the society should move according to the ancient

priesthood, hence there should be a select society separate from all the evils of the world, choice, virtuous, and holy—said he was going to make of this society a

it is the privilege of kingdom of priests as in Enoch's day, as in Paul's day—that

each member to live long and enjoy health. * * * jjg spoke of the

commission given to the ancient apostles, "Go ye into the world,"etc.,—no matter who believeth, these signs, such as healing the sick, casting out devils, etc.,

should follow all that believe, whether male or female. * j

h the privilege of those set apart, to administer in the authority which is conferred on them, and if the sisters should have faith to heal the sick, let all hold their tongues. * * * There could be no sin in any female laying hands on

the sick. -x- * * * j jg q gjjj fQj. anybody to do it that has

faith—or if the sick have faith to be healed by the administration. * *

* * He said that they were going to be left to themselves—that they would

innot long have him to instruct them—that the Church would not have his

structions long, and the world would not be troubled with him a great while, and would not have his teachings—he spoke of delivering the keys of this society and

of the Church—that according to his prayer God had appointed him elsewhere.

He exhorted the sisters to concentrate their faith and prayers for, and place confidence in, those whom God had appointed to honor, whom God has placed at the head to lead—that we should arm them with our prayers—that the Keys of the Kingdom

are about to be given to them. * * * You must put down iniquity, and by your own example provoke the elders to good works. * *

* * Not war, not jangle, not contradiction, but meekness, love, purity, these are the things that should magnify us. Evil must be brought to light

iniquity must be purged out—then the veil will be rent, and the blessings of heaven

will flow down * * * * fjjg society is to get instructions through the order which God has established, through the medium of those appointed to lead, and now I turn the keys to you in the name of God, and this society shall rejoice. * * * * Let kindness, charity, and love govern your work henceforward. Don't envy sinners. Have mercy on them. Let

your labors be confined mostly to those around you, in your own circles; as far as

knowledge is concerned, it may extend to all the world, but your administration should be confined to the immediate circle of your acquaintance, and more especially to the members of the society. * * * jf jjy Yiave a matter to

reveal, let it be in your own tongue. Do not indulge too much in the gift of

tongues, or the devil will take advantage of the innocent. You may speak in

tongues for your comfort, but I lay this down for a rule, that if anything is taught by the gift of tongues, it is not to be received for doctrine.

Salt Lake.City,,Utah.

CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY MONUMENT.

Readers of the Era may not generally know that a monument (see illustration on the cover of this memorial number of our magazine) is now being erected to mark the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph, and that about the time they get this number it will have been completed. The site is between Royalton and Sharon,

Vennont, on the spot where the old Smith homestead was located, and where the

Prophet Joseph Smith was born.

The contract for the monument was let four months ago, and the work has been pushed with vigor under the direction of Elder Junius F. Wells, who has

charge of its erection for the Church. The spire is of allpolished granite,

and is the largest of any granite spire ever sent out of Barre, Vermont. It was

shipped by special train, on November 7, from Barclay Brothers'shed, direct to

Royalton. With four other pieces, this spire will constitute the monument to be

erected within thirty feet of the site where the Prophet Joseph was born. Beside

the monument, a beautiful cottage is also being built, which will be used by those who visit the place.

The monument will contain a capstone, so that it will look more finished than the picture on our cover pagu makes it appear. The Barre, Vermont, Daily Times

of November 7, contains a nttice of it from which we cull the following interesting data:

When W. F. Howland, of this city, completes the work, the "Mormons"will

have erected a splendid monument. It will rest on a solid masonry foundation, and

will rise to a height of fiftyone feet and two inches. The spire itself measures

thirtyeight feet and six inches, and in this length is a significance, as it marks the exact age of Joseph Smith, thirtyeight years and six months. In its present form

the spire weighs fortyfive tons, but when it came from the Boutwell, Milne, Varnum dark quarry, its weight was sixty tons. The completed work will weigh one

hundred tons. The huge obelisk is four feet square at its base and three feet

square at the top before it breaks away for the taper. All of the stock, except

the spire, is from the Marr and Gordon dark quarry. The base of the monument is

twelve feet square. The second base is nine feet square, the die six feet square,

and six feet two high, and the cap seven feet four inches square. With the exception of the cap the entire monument is severely plain. The cap is moulded.

Every bit of exposed surface is polished, and this has been one of the very tedious and exceedingly risky parts of the work, especially on the spire, as a slip or a chip would ruin the block. And blocks of that size are not easily, not often, quarried.

That the monument has gone safely through the various finishing processes thus far, is due to the personal supervision of Mayor William Barclay of the firm, who has allowed not a single move to be made unless he was there to direct. With no

carving whatever, the smooth surface of the monument is broken only on the die and cap. The front of the die bears the name and dates, 18051844, and the rear

surface, an inscription which will not be made public until the day of the unveiling.

There will also be lettering on the cap.

Ift ALBERT S. REISER

JEWELER

Salt Lake City, Utah.

DR. J. THOMAS, Choice line of

WATCHES, DENTIST.

DIAMONDS, y 26 S Main St., Salt Lake City. JEWELRY,

CDT GLASS.

SILVERWARE, OPTICAL GOODS.

Fine Watch and Jewelry Repairing

Mail orders solicited.

Bell Telephone 2640 k.

iM>ttt?IJ<t**tJ*ttIJJjMj>AA4***

"HIS MASTER'S VOICE'* VICTOR TALKING MACHINES.

Sold on time, without interest. T

St\leT. $17 00, $5 00 down

II, $35.00, Victor $7.50 down $3.00$5.00 aa month.month. VictorVictor III,J45.00,$10.00I. $25.00, $5.00 downdown$10.$4.0000aa monthmonth XS.

"f Victor IV,$55.00,$JJO.OO downiiO.OOa month. Victor V, $65.00,$-J5.00 down $10.00 a month

frd'crtal"""''."Pianof Daynes Co. Romncy & | 2527 E. 1st So.Salt Lake City H. S. DATNES, Manager. f

4* 'H4444'I'X I I''4iM''I'HI"IfIII'HI'I (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

The Rio Grande Western... AND..

The Denver and Rio Grande

Best Local Train Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south* 3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with througfh sleeping:

and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St* Louis and Chicagfo*

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. Jft jft jft

For Rates, etc*, enquire of Local Agent or write—i L A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

Oreop Slort Cipe FJailroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Railroad through the thrivlDg States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLV ROKD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST

FIVE DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

all Points East.The Fastest Service to

BUYZYOUR tickets via the short line,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

Qty 5i:Ket Office, Jo. 201 /T\aiQ Street, Salt Cale Qty.

T. M. SCHUMACHER, Traffic Mgr. D. E. HURLEY, Gen. P. & T. A.

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and Gen. Mgr.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

I. A.SECRETARIES Y. M. M.

Just what you need and want in every ward organization;

Minute BookA New WITH PRINTED FORMS.

It is Handy; Just Right; Saves Time;

Very Convenient.

Only 25c Postpaid.

Send orders to - General SecretaryEDWARD H. ANDERSON,

214216 TEMPLETON BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY.

RETURN THE

JUNIOR MANUALS Presidents <who have extra Junior Manuals are requested to return them immediately to the General Secretary, 2S4 Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, They are needed in other ivards.

Please be sure to gi<ve name and address of person and 'kard returning them* THE SMANUALS for 1905-6 are no%v ready for distribution

The Young Mens Associations should send in their orders without delay to

EDWARD K ANDERSON, 2t4 lempleton[d*g. Salt Lake City,

,.j..j..|..t.. j...;..;..>|{4..J..I..I..I..j...||i4.4.4|..|..t.. j.. j...|..;..j..j.

Your Winter I Overcoat* A man is usually very cautious in the choosing of an overcoat. If he's careful

it is something that will last him through two winters, or more, so he wants to bo, sure the style is the very latest and the fabric a good wearer. We want you to

know that we claim to have just this quality in our Overcoats for winter wear. The

best way to prove us is to wear one. We

want you to know how it feels to have a that well made overcoat on your back—one

will always look the same and retain its shape. A strong line in Coverts, Kerseys,

Wiltons, Cheviotts, Meltons Uravenettes, and all other late weaves.

Price Range from $9 00 to $30 00.

zazazzamaaBB

sr/Nirs/N/s/srvsN/sis/srsN/vvs/SAN/s/s/srvNA

R* K. Thomas Dry Goods Co.

Do you like to buy where you can feel at home, where the light is the best, where the store is warm in winter and cool in summer, where the salespeople are ready, attentive and anxious to wait on you, where the management uses its long experience in placing before you desirable merchandise at the lowest prices? Where, if you

have twentyfive cents to spend you can save your car fare, and if you have a dollar to spend you can save a quarter. We offer all this to you. Our regular customers know this; you try us, too, and make your purchasing a pleasure. When you leave your dollars at our store,

you'll be as pleased with our goods as we are in having your patronage. Where else can you find such mutual

satisfaction?

R* K* Thomas Dry Goods Co.

6769-71 Main St

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)