./"/!> HWMMEWir

0> n J. '''iWAjJ i'j 'JlWl'WMU.'WW'.M'W

PN*. fnwnw

S2* '"i*.v-

Greatest Seer of Ages PROF. J. E. HICKMAN

Education vs. Legislation

DR. JOHN T. MILLER

Practical Value of Science DR. CARL F. EYRING UTl

PATRIARCH HARRISON SPERRY RAMONA \V. CANNON

THE HOME EVENING. PROF. J. C. HOGENSEN

SUSTAINING THE GLORY OF MOTHERHOOD CLAIRE S.-BOYER

STORY—THE SOUL OF

JOHN DILLON

ILi '-t"* lv CHAS. F. STEELE

- J*—

fZ-V - - r.Yrttlfl *mmmmm>

Low Vacation Fares Now... to California

—roundtrip fares ffreatly reduced on sale daily May 15 until Sept. 30

Return limit October 31. For example, to:

Los Angeles Los Angeles San Francisco San Francisco both ways via one way via San Francisdirect via circuit via Portland

San Francisco co: return via Las Veuae Reno back to Salt Lake City

$40.00 $47.50 $40.00 $62.15

Proportionately low fares from all other points in Utah,

Idaho, Montana. Stopovers anywhere.

Southern Pacific For further information call, write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, General Agent 41 So. Main St., Salt Lake City—Phones Was. 3008—3078

Lindbergh Succeeded Because He Was Prepared

Prepare at the L. D. S. Business College

And Succeed ENROLL ANY MONDAY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BOOKS the path

to greatness

"The Romance of an Old Playhouse"

By George D. Pyper

HIS volume, just from the press, is a vivid story of the Salt Lake

Theatre, the playhouse built by T Brigham Young at Salt Lake City, in 1862. "The Romance of an Old Playhouse"contains a history of the early drama in Utah together with incidents leading up to the build- *| ing of the remarkable structure which was made possible by the initiative of Utah's Great Pioneer

Leader, and the cooperative interest of a whole community.

Henry Miller calls it "A Cathedral in the Desert."In addition, anecdotes and personal reminiscences of the author who managed the

theatre for thirty years lend charm to the work.

400 pages including numerous illustrations

Cloth $5.00 by Mail $5.25

Deseret Book Company Sole Distributors 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Startling and Stupendous!

As Sensational as the Advent of "Majestic"in Radio

NEVER BEFORE and NOW ONLY HERE!

FOR YOUR OLD RADIO, PHONOGRAPH,

ORGAN or PIANO in trade on one of the

Marvelous New Model "72"MAJESTICS $10 DOWN $11.50 MONTHLY $50

qrkis is the.NEW

-ErtrE-G-TfRri-e*-M*-J*DiOGREATER

Perfb beauty t

also panel Instrument CabiXVI Walnut Uub (Matched of Diamond net. Doors Diamond

Oriental Walnut framed Matched Oriental Walmil with genuine inlaid with Butt Walnut aud

Marquetry Border. BirdVeye ittajde Panel

$17950

This Offer Good Anywhere In The Intermountain Country. Write Us.

JOSEPH J DAYNES PRESIDENT CAPITAL 1,000,000.00

"OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH "

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MAY, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Can You Picture a Happier Mother's Day? - - Frontispiece

God's Choicest Gift. A Poem d. H. Elton, K. C. 533

The Greatest Seer of the Ages Prof. J. E. Hickman 535

Patriarch Harrison Sperry Ramona W. Cannon 540

BOUQUETS. A POEM. - Ida R. Alldredge 548

- Susa Young Gates 549Are We Prohibitionists?

A PRAYER. POEM - Alfred Osmond 5 5

Changes in the Presidency of the Y. L. M. I. A.

(WITH PORTRAITS) Elsie Talmage Brandley 55 3

Made in Marokau. Illustrated o. b. Peterson 558

Education vs. Legislation and Law Enforcement

Dr. John T. Miller 561

Lessons from Common Things Dr. Franklin S. Harris 5 65

I AM SO TIRED. A POEM Leona Bammes Gardner 5 66

THE HOME EVENING Prof. J. C. Hogensen 567

The Practical Value of Pure Science Dr. Carl F. Eyring 570

A TRIBUTE TO HANDEL - Dr. James Beattie 5 74

Sustaining the Glory of Motherhood Claire S. Boyer 575

To MY MOTHER. A POEM Nona H. Brown 5 7'8

GAIN HEALTH AND POWER FROM THE SUN - Elizabeth Cannon Porter 5 79

THE UNMAILED LETTER Pearl Spencer 580

UNREST. A POEM - - - Bertha A. Kleinman 581

The Los Angeles Stake Center. Illustrated - R. E. Caldwell 583

The Soul of John Dillon. Prize Story Charles F. Steele 587

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated - - 5 92

TO BE A SCOUT. A POEM Norman Geertsen- 5 98

MY QUEST. A POEM Joseph Clifford Gibby 599

- 600Editors'Table—The Gospel Down to Date

A Lover of his Fellowmen - - 601

The Tipple Uoyd O. I vie 601

Priesthood Quorums - - - 602Mutual Work....- -. 606...- 617Church Events - - -

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Address; Room 40 6 Church

Office Building.

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

The Greatest Seer of the Ages, by Ramona W. Cannon's account of

Prof. J. E. Hickman, will confirm the the life of Patriarch Harrison Sperry

faith of Church members in their betouches some phases of Utah history lief that Joseph Smith was divinely about which very little is said but for called. Even unbelievers who read, which the Church has never attempted

without prejudice, the statements to apologize.

which the Prophet made or which were The story of a letter from the South given to the world through him, and Seas, written and delivered under most to which attention is called in this arunusual conditions, is told in this issue ticle, will be convinced that there was by O. B. Peterson, general treasurer of

something unusual about this modern the Y. M. M. I. A. It reveals some

prophet which his opponents have not of the interesting and ingenuous charyet been able to explain. acteristics of the natives.

Another prize story, The Soul of Dr. John T. Miller, world traveler

John Dillon, is found in this issue. It and lecturer, furnishes an article on

was written by Chas. F. Steele, of "Education vs. Legislation and Law

Lethbridge, Canada. Young people Enforcement."In it he describes the

will read it with interest and parents, education which is of real value.

who are too much inclined to sternness, will read it with profit. Read Pearl Spencer's "Unmailed

Letter,"and then, if you are a parent,

Dr. Franklin S. Harris continues his ask yourself what kind of a letter your

interesting series on "Lessons from boy would write to you if he should

Common Things."This time his subput on paper just what is in his heart.

ject is "Osmosis."Not a very common

thing, some people will say. The Can you answer these questions?

author, however, shows that it is. What is a tipple? Page 601.

What is osmosis? Page 565. Sister Susa Y. Gates asks the quesIn what part of the sugar beet is thetion, "Are we Prohibitionists?"Her

sugar manufactured? Page 565. article will be read with interest and

What does the Springfield Republiwill stimulate thought on this burncan say about the hazard of law vioing subject.

lation? Page 549.

An article which will enable wen What are Prof. Hogensen's suggeswho hold the Priesthood to trace their tions for a Home Evening? Page 567.

authority back to the fountainhead is What is the greatest weakness in the in course of preparation by Elder Lesecondary school system, according to

Roi C. Snow. In our day, when the U. S. commissioner of education?

authority is being discussed with such Page 562.

minute detail, this information will be What part did Patriarch Harrison welcomed by all who have received Sperry play in the early history of this priceless gift. Utah? Page 540.

The reorganization of the general Who are the new officers of the Y.

presidency of Y. L. M. I. A. is treated L. M. I. A.? Page 553.

by Elsie Talmage Brandley, editor of Where and when is the Boy Scout the Young Woman's Journal. She Jamboree to be held? Page 617.

pays a beautiful tribute to the retiring What are some of the astronomical president, Sister Martha Home truths which came to the world

Tingey, and also to the incoming through the Prophet Joseph Smith?

officers. Page 535.

MIIIIMIIIIIE]IIIIIIIIIIIIC]lllll!IIIIIIClllllllllllll[]lll!llllllll[3lllllll!IIIIC]||||||||||||[:illlllllllll[]||IMIIIIIIIC]|||||llllll!=

1 God's Choicest Gift

I God gave us the sunshine, rain and the showers;g The

the Springtime,| He gave us g The fields and the flowers;

He gave us the Summer,| g The birds on the wing;

their music—| He gave them

= He taught them to sing.

the seasons;| He gave us

g In order they roll The Autumn, the Winter| I Perfecting the whole;

I All Nature declaring His glory and power,g | With the sweetsinging bird = And the blossoming flower.

1 But the choicest of gifts g By His bounteous hand given finest bestowed The In Earth or in Heaven I Is the great Motherlove I I'm sure there's no other u I As needful and helpful faithful as MOTHER!| And

Lethbrldge, Canada. D. H. ELTON, K. C.

IIIIIIIIIIIC:illlllllllllC]lllllll!llll[]illlliilllMC2IIIIIIIIIIM[2i!lllllllll|[:illl!IIIIIIIE]llllllllllll[:illlllllllll[]lllllllllllKi

CAN YOU PICTURE A HAPPIER "MOTHER'S DAY"?

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII MAY, 1929 No. 7

The Greatest Seer of the Ages By Prof. J. E. Hickman

our Father began his work anew in this dispensationWHENit was assailed with unjustifiable bitterness. If men had

taken Gamaliel's advice to the Jewish Sanhedrin and suspended judgment until "Mormonism"had died of its own weakness or had been vindicated in the earth as God's own cause, this nation would have been spared much humiliating history.

When God reveals a truth the longer it is in the earth the truer it appears, for science and experience proclaim it. But the longer

the theories of science are before the thinking world the more they are modified or eventually abandoned, for nothing kills or vindicates a theory so quickly as working it for all it is worth; but he who

studies and works eternal truths proclaims their divinity and finds they need no modification.

I am not disparaging science for I am a student and a lover of the same. When science discovers a truth it declares the Almighty's work. Science is an unsafe guide for men to stake their all

and all on, but in divine revelation men can rest their cause—their

hopes, their beliefs, their salvation. Yet an earnest scientist is a son

of God trying to find out earth's truths. He is often in error but

eventually science may discover all that the Almighty has revealed, and all that he may reveal for man is destined yet to discover every law by which he became God and by which the earth was formed.

Science is the oxcart method of discovering truth, for often centuries after the Lord has proclaimed a truth, science, through her slow and belated methods, finally appears on the scene with the proof of the revelation of long ago. Unfortunately some withhold

their wholehearted belief in heavenly revelations until they have heard the voice of science on the matter. None such can stand in the

vanguard of thought and progress. Pure intelligence far outruns the

belated utterance of proof. Yet our hearts rejoice when our beliefs

are vindicated through collateral evidence.

Science is a good servant but an unreliable guide when measured by the whole truth and nothing but the truth. So far, science

has been the false Messiah, for it led men from our Father in heaven 29 536 IMPROVEMENT ERA May. 19

and his revelations with a promised hope, but now science with her truer vision is turning, in many cases, men's minds back to their

Creator.

Blessed is he who has the will to believe for he outruns science;

he stands on the mount of inspiration and revelation. He then can

feel more than he can prove, and thus becomes the forerunner of science.

I shall attempt to verify this claim, that time and the intellectual advancement of the race will vindicate the Lord's revelations, in whatever garb or questionable form they may come.

With this in view, I wish to turn to the Book of Abraham found in the Pearl of Great Price. The parchment from which this

book comes was found in one of the catacombs of Egypt. It was

translated by Joseph Smith and now constitutes part of the Pearl of Great Price.

The truths set forth in this book are looked at askance by the world. Some years ago an attack, led by a noted minister of this

city, aided by eight Egyptologists, was made upon the truth of the Book of Abraham. I haven't the time to review that controversy, but I desire to point out some unmistakable proofs of the

verity of this book.

The translation of the parchment was begun in 1835, by Joseph Smith, the "Mormon"prophet, but due to the mobbings and drivings of the people the translation was not published until 1842.

Joseph's critics claimed he did not understand Egyptian and that his pretentions were a "farrago of nonsense."Whether he did

or did not understand the Egyptian characters, Joseph Smith must stand or fall upon what he gave to the world in the Book of

Abraham.

The Lord told Moses that when he spoke through a prophet that which the prophet uttered would come true and to him ye should give heed. I desire to measure the prophet from this standard, for truth has never gone in partnership with error.

The most rigid test possible to put upon the prophet is the system of astronomy set forth in the Book of Abraham. For there

is told in simple narrative that God, through the urim and thummim, showed Abraham that: (1) All the heavenly bodies move in their

spheres, (2) that the more advanced a world becomes from start to a dead world like our moon, the slower are its movements, (3) that all stars not only move in their own orbits, but groups of them revolve around mightier stars, (4) that some stars revolve around one center and some around others, (5) that stars are mighty in size and some are enormously large; (6) that other stars than the sun have planets

like our own; (7) that the stars are innumerable to man yet Abraham's seed should be as numberless as the stars of heaven; (8) that

May, 1929 THE GREATEST SEER OF THE AGES 537

some groups of stars are close together and others far removed and, (9) finally, all stars revolve about the planet on which God dwells;

that is, they all revolve around one common center. Let me say

here the above truths set forth in the Book of Abraham were totally unknown by the astronomical world, for these facts lay shrouded in the vast unknown. At that time we had no means of measuring

the size of a star; in fact, the first accurate measurement was not made

until six years ago. Astronomers then did not know the stars

moved and thus they were called fixed stars. Neither did they know

the stars moved in orbits and much less that groups of them revolved about common centers.

Up to 1835 Herschel's telescope, the greatest in the world, had only revealed 100,000 stars. It was a bold utterance for Joseph

Smith to declare that the stars were innumerable to man, while those stars were still hidden in the infinite night of space. The thought

was so far beyond human conception as to be almost staggering.

Since that date astronomers, bombarding the heavens from every quarter of the globe, have discovered that, as the Book of

Abraham claims, every star in the universe moves. Dr. Hill said

that were one star to stop it would again be set in motion by the drag of the stellar universe.

Since Kirchoff (1859) perfected, the spectrum analysis, astrophysics has advanced by leaps and bounds. The astronomers find

now, as the Book of Abraham claims, that stars not only have their own centers around which they revolve, but that great groups of stars revolve around common centers. Hoefner found that five

out of the seven stars of the Great Dipper lie in the same plane and have equal motion in one and the same direction. The Pleiades of

over 30 stars also move around a common center.

The Prophet Joseph in his translation says our sun with its planets revolves around Kolob, one of the mightiest stars. At the

time Joseph revealed this fact the astronomers believed the sun stationary, though William Herschel had surmised that there was a slight displacement of the sun. But since then, astronomers now

assume that the sun, with its planets, is plunging through space at the rate of 156 miles a second. This dizzy speed was not discovered

until about three years ago. Before that, its speed had been computed as 12 miles a second. We have not yet discovered its orb,

though it is known that it is hurtling towards the constellation of

Draco. They are waiting to get enough of the sun's arc so they can

compute its orbit.

What proof have we of the stupendous thought revealed in the

Book of Abraham that the entire stellar universe is revolving around a common center? For over threequarters of a century data have

been gathered tending toward this view; and now all astronomers

May, 1929538 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are quite agreed that the vast mass of billions of stars revolve about one center.

Professor Kapetyn, a noted Dutch astronomer, says the visible universe consists of two distant parts which move at an angle of 1 1 5 degrees with each other and that one of these streams moves three times as fast as the other. The late Sir Alfred Russell Wallace

and others declare the stellar universe is revolving like a mighty wheel.

If the Book of Abraham is not what it claims to be. where did

Joseph Smith get these astronomical facts which antedate more than half a century the modern discoveries?

The assertion in the Book of Abraham that other suns or stars like our own have planets revolving around them is now strongly believed by many of our great astronomers.

Again, the Book of Abraham reveals that the stars are mighty in size. God in revealing these truths to Abraham did not say the

sun was mighty, though it is 1,300,000 times larger than our earth.

At the time Joseph Smith gave these facts to the world, we had no means of telling the size of stars and not until 1859 did astronomers devise ways of measuring them. Of recent years astronomers have

found some stars a million times greater than our sun. Some stars

are so large that one of them would fill the entire orbit of the earth, across which is 186,000,000 miles.

A noted astronomer, Dr. J. J. See, says some stars have a

luminosity two trillion times that of the sun. If their intensity

of light is any where near comparable, then there are stars at least a trillion times larger than our sun.

As I said in the beginning, the longer revealed truths are in the world, the more completely do time and experience vindicate their claims. Can any living soul doubt that Joseph Smith translated

the parchment correctly? Can the most ultraskeptical doubt the

truth of the Book of Abraham? It holds in its open palm truth

of its own declarations.

"When a man speaketh in the name of the Lord and things follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the Lord hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously; thou

shall not be afraid of him."

To return again to my subject: Joseph Smith as seer and

revelator claims that God had destroyed many worlds, yet many now stand which are innumerable to man. Such a statement seemed

the wildest conjecture in 1832, as far as the slightest proof was to be bad, but today astronomers have beheld the destruction of worlds off in the infinite deeps. Further, they now find our own earth is

made of fragments of disintegrated worlds. This truth was revealed to the Prophet Joseph in 1832.

May, 1919 THE GREATEST SEER OF THE AGES 539

Now comes probably the most stupendous of all Joseph's declarations as a translator of the Abrahamic parchment: The Lord

showed Abraham the stars and he said that they multiplied before his eyes and he could not see the end thereof. Yet he was promised

that his seed should be as numberless as the stars of heaven.

Remember that in 1835 only 100,000 stars had been discovered. If there were any more no one knew it. It was impossible

to know another one until the astronomers improved their telescopes, discovered the spectroscope and invented the phototelescopic methods. Recently astronomers have announced that there are probably

from 30 to 40 billion stars in our universe and there is no astronomer audacious enough to say they have discovered them all.

Staggering as this number is, it is only a small fraction of God's universe, for the telescope now reveals that there are over seven hundred thousand stellar universes as large and even larger than our own.

Some of these are so far removed from our universe that it takes light a million years to reach it from there, though light travels 186,000 miles a second. Aye, there are some of those universes so

far removed that it takes from ten to a hundred million years for light to pass over the measureless void between us.

Suppose we take only 700,000 of those stellar universes that lie out there in the limitless space and multiply them by 30 billion, the estimated stars of our universe, and we get the meaningless number of twentyone quadrillion blazing worlds. This does not

reckon with the myriad dark stars or the numberless planets that revolve about the stars.

I can now vaguely understand what the Almighty meant when he said to Abraham that his creations were numberless to man.

I have briefly reviewed the astronomical facts couched in the

Book of Abraham. I have pointed out wherein science has since

discovered their accuracy. Conjuring, guessing, faking has never

revealed a system of truth as given to the world by Joseph Smith.

Of all facts that were put beyond human imagination they are the astronomical truths which I have reviewed, for they lay shrouded in the hidden creations of God's endless works. It was this revelation that stamped Joseph the transcendentalist.

No other seer of the ages has been put under so severe a test of his seership as was Joseph Smith and yet in this survey science affirms his declarations. No other seer of the past has revealed so many

scientific truths which far antedate the discoveries of science.

If we are to judge a seer by the accuracy of his utterances, then eventually the world must proclaim Joseph Smith the greatest Seer of the ages.

Patriarch Harrison Sperry By Ramona W. Cannon

[The writer acknowledges the assistance of Sister Mary Sperry and other members of the

Sperry family, as well as of numerous friends of the late Patriarch, in preparing this material.

The quotations are all taken from Brother Sperry's journal.]

to poet lore, ACCORDING there was once a French peasant who grew to old age with a deep but ungratified yearning to see Carcasonne.

This Romanbuilt city with its walls and skywardreaching turrets lay but five leagues distant; yet circumstances combined to prevent the poor man

from ever reaching the goal of his heart's desire. By its very

contrast, this story makes more significant to us the stirring, adventurous lives of our pioneer fathers. Negation as against

fulfillment. On the one hand,

death approaching with only a narrow tract of life traversed—

only meagre additions to the store of human experience. On

the other hand, the end of the journey reached, with a vast, diPatriarch Harrison Sperry at the

Time of his Death versified expanse of life behind, and a wealth of firsthand knowledge.

Brother Harrison Sperry was among the exceptionally interesting characters of our Utah history. His entire life was a panorama

of color, danger, and high adventure. He may not have seen Carcasonne; but he saw a new city emerge, as if by slow magic, from

an arid desert. He trekked over countless miles of sagebrush waste,

fighting Indians, hunting food, acting as special policeman, and on many occasions as bodyguard to President Young. He worked

the soil and experimented with sheep raising and new, untried forms of business. With his violin, his singing, and his dancing, he brought

May, 1929 PATRIARCH HARRISON SPERRY 541

comfort to the depressed and joy to the festive. Before becoming

patriarch, he served fifteen years as bishop's counselor in the Fourth ward, and for thirtyone years as its bishop. Brother Sperry was

capable of traversing those subtle, uncharted paths of spiritual experience which each man treads alone, and which lead to the Ultimate

Reality. By his constant good deeds, his charity, his unwavering

support of those in authority, he kept himself always open to spiritual suggestion.

Brother Sperry's ancestors came from Wales to America in 1650, and the imaginative Celtic temperament and Welsh love of music are still dominant traits of the family. Harrison was born

at Mecca, Ohio, in 1832, and the family moved two years later to

La Harp, Hancock Co., Illinois, "a wild new country."From his

earliest memories his life was flavored with the tang of adventure. When he was five, he

strayed one day a short distance from his house, and began to play in the tall grass. Suddenly

a herd of deer bounded toward him. Before he could decide

what to do, a considerable number of them had leaped over his head, and all were safely past.

When he was nine, the family were converted to "Mormonism"and he was baptized. He

retained all his life a distinct memory of the Prophet Joseph, who "stood over six feet tall and whose voice was like the roaring of many waters."In

spite of mobs who were everywhere persecuting the Saints. Harrison sperry fifty Years ago

Harrison faithfully accompanied his father to meetings, where those present often spoke in tongues.

One day the boy and his father were down on the creek bottoms looking for their cows, when a horseman approached. He was

covering a certain district, warning all "Mormons"to leave the country immediately. Brother Sperry straightened up and replied

that he had been one of the first settlers in that town and had tried to be a good citizen, and, said he, "I have four boys, and myself and

May. 1929542 IMPROVEMENT ERA

we all have good guns, and if you come, we will make it hot for you."Although the mob became threatening, and marched up and down the country, the Sperrys remained unmolested.

In the spring of 1846, when Harrison was fourteen, began the exodus from Nauvoo. In February, during an exceptionally cold

spell, the river froze so solid that many crossed on the ice. There,

in their wagons and tents, they endured "untold suffering, and right in sight of their old homes."This period was the occasion of

the advent of the miraculous flocks of quail which kept the people from starvation.

Brother Joy Sperry, Harrison's father, "gave away his home, worth $2000 or $3000, for a span of horses and harness,"and that same spring started for the West, with his wife, two daughters, four sons, and a small niece. In cold storms they journeyed through

mud into which the wagons mired. Yet they maintained their courage and continued over terrible roads through Iowa to the Grand

River, where the Saints had a resting place at Mt. Pisgah.

Here Brother Sperry built a barkcovered shanty. Late one

night he told Harrison that his mother was very ill, and asked him to go for Brother Mansfield, to administer to her. The lad found his

way alone through the brush and blackness only to learn that all the members of the Mansfield household were also ill. When he

returned, his mother was breathing her last. His father and sister

were also ill, and no neighbors were near. In the morning he

secured help and his mother was buried in a rude coffin.

These conditions were typical of what the body of the Saints endured at that time. Suffering and death on every hand. And in

the midst of it, Brigham Young and the Twelve riding into Mt.

Pisgah, calling for volunteers to make up the battalion of five hundred demanded by our government. In less than three weeks the

battalion was raised and on the march.

The sick Sperry family were assisted by neighbors to move to

Highland Grove, where a friend offered them part of a double log house. All the family had the ague, and Aaron had blackleg, a

horrible disease from which he died in December. This same plague

claimed about six hundred other victims.

On New Year's day of 1847, Brother Sperry called his children about his bedside, exhorting them to follow the Saints in their migration. Then he, too, died. One sister had married and gone

East. The remainder of the broken family, with two wagons and

four teams of oxen, and some cattle, set out in the second company of the seven to cross the plains that year. Once they were beset by

May, i9i9 PATRIARCH HARRISON SPERRY 543

Indians who wanted to trade buffalo robes for a white squaw and whiskey, but who eventually accepted sugar and flour.

At one time an immense herd of buffalo, possibly 10,000, came straight for the camp. The pioneers sent men out to fire at them

and turn them in the opposite direction to avoid a stampede of their own cattle. One such stampede did occur, in which a little girl

was killed. There was also danger from wild beasts. Young Harrison went back one day to get a cow that was left behind because

of lameness. Returning, he saw a mountain lion by the roadside.

He had only a stick in his hand; so he whipped the cow to its

utmost speed and kept an eye on the lion. After he passed, it ran

into the road and looked at him, waving its tail uncertainly, but finally it concluded to go off into the brush.

This group of Saints arrived in October. The valley looked

barren and desolate, the vast expanse of sagebrush and saltgrass relieved only by a few trees on the banks of the streams. The old

tenacre fort where Pioneer Park now stands, was already constructed, and inside this, crowded very close together, were the log or adobe houses of the settlers. The orphaned Sperrys constructed

theirs of large adobes, about eighteen inches long and nine or ten inches wide. The roof was of poles, covered with grass, then overlaid with earth. During bad storms, however, this leaked, and at

one time an entire side of the house caved in.

The Saints got comfortably and sociably through that first winter. Then the grasshopper plague, when their resources were almost exhausted, threatened them with actual death from starvation.

They were living on sego and thistle roots, and game. The thistle

roots were gathered by the river, and were a foot long in many instances, and tender. "You can't find them like that, now,"says

Brother Sperry's journal. "The Lord put them there for his people."

The lad once wounded a sandhill crane, which he chased for a mile and a half, when it turned and prepared to fight. It raised its head

and was as tall as Harrison. It and the boy danced around each other,

until after a terrific struggle, he conquered the bird, and, putting its legs over his shoulders, trudged home, looking himself like a huge bunch of feathers.

By 1849, there was less fear of the Indians and the city was surveyed; so the Sperrys left the fort.

This year it was deemed wise to send the cattle out to graze.

Harrison Sperry, with his brother and brotherin-law, took the herd near Big Cottonwood Canyon. One evening as Harrison was

preparing supper, he heard the cap of a gun snap, and saw an Indian about five rods away, with a gun leveled at him. He stopped to

throw a bucket of water on the fire, then crept into the brush shanty,

May, 1929544 IMPROVEMENT ERA where the three men lay with guns in hand most of the night. They

heard not so much as the crackling of a twig, but in the morning discovered that the Indians had fled, driving with them the entire herd belonging to the Saints. Harrison ran back to the city and

gave the alarm. Soon men were in hot pursuit. At Battle Creek

Canyon, now Pleasant Grove, they found the Indians just ready for a feast on one of the heifers. There followed the first battle with

the red men in Utah. It lasted nine or ten days, the men then returning with all the stock recovered, except the roasted heifer.

The following year the Walker War broke out in Provo, and

Harrison was early on the scene. He fought three weeks, then one

day he crept into a deserted shelter of the Indians, to try to discover the reason they could hold out under siege for so long a time. The

Indians there had just had the measles and Harrison himself was soon very ill with the disease.

In 1853, this young man was a spectator when Brigham Young laid the corner stone of the Salt Lake temple. Again, forty years

later, he was a witness when President Woodruff pressed a button and the capstone was lowered and the temple completed.

In 1856, occurred the tragic march of the second and third companies of the handcart pioneers. When these Saints had gathered

at Iowa City, near the end of June, they learned of a delay in the delivery of carts and tents that were to be provided them. When

these were at length completed, the companies decided to set forth and risk reaching the valley before cold weather set in. The entire

journey was beset with difficulties. The Indians made constant depredations on their cattle and supplies. The winter was unusually

early. There was frost in September and each day seemed to grow

colder. The carts, made of unseasoned wood and constructed in

haste, began to fall to pieces, causing further delays. The poor

Saints were obliged to throw out articles of bedding and clothing to lighten the load. When they reached the Sweetwater, about a

hundred miles the other side of Fort Bridger, they were indeed in a sad way, and the road ahead of them seemed impassable.

When President Young learned of the pitiful plight of these people, he was greatly perturbed. He immediately planned a relief

expedition, and sent a messenger to Brother Sperry, requesting him to ride ahead, with a companion, to carry words of cheer to the sufferers. Horses were provided. Harrison hastily got together some

lunch, and started with his friend at two o'clock in the morning, on a recordbreaking endurance ride. They changed animals at

stations along the way, and, heedless of food and rest, spurred relentlessly on, two nights and two days, over a shortcut known to

Harrison. They found the Saints burying seventeen of their numMay, 1929 PATRIARCH HARRISON SPERRY 545

ber who had died of exposure that day. They gave their message

of encouragement, and helped to chop down the large center pole of a shelter, where the travelers had taken refuge. They made a

fire of this and waited in some comfort for the approaching aid.

This courageous and sturdy youth played a part also in the dramatic invasion of Johnson's army. He was at the general celebration held in Cottonwood Canyon, at what is now Brighton,

over July 23 and 24, celebrating the tenth anniversary of the arrival of the Saints in the valley. Porter Rockwell appeared upon

the scene, informing President Young that an army was marching against the Saints, with bloodhounds and ropes to hunt down and hang Brigham Young and the Twelve, and to break up "Mormonism."President Young called the whole camp together "and in his

speaking, fairly made the mountains tremble.""They can't come

in,"was his decision. The following day, the campers had "a

grand time, with dancing, boating, fishing, and tramping over the mountains."

President Young ordered Lot Smith, with a detachment of men to go out and stop that army, but not to spill a drop of blood.

The men avoided the soldiers and worked back to their supply trains.

They gave the teamsters what they needed to live on, then set fire to every wagon. The teams and stock they drove in roundabout

ways through different gorges and canyons into the valley. Harrison

was with the troops who were going to Echo Canyon to face the soldiers, when he saw Smith returning with this great herd.

The army remained in the mountain fastnesses all winter and had to resort to eating mule meat. In the spring, Salt Lake was

abandoned. The Saints moved South, ready to destroy their homes,

if necessary. Harrison remained in the valley with two or three

hundred men who were acting as guard. He was detailed to City

Creek Canyon. Officials in Washington were at last convinced of

the malicious misrepresentation that had caused the sending of the army, and President Young was requested to let the army pass peaceably through Salt Lake. Harrison was detailed to come to Salt Lake

to see the troops pass. "I tell you it was a grand sight. The troops

went through still and orderly. Not a word was spoken, only by

the officers giving the word of command. While the troops were

making camp at the Jordan, the wagons were still coming over the bench and out of Emigration Canyon. Towards night, they had all

got into camp, and the bugles were sounding the reveille. They

stayed there two or three days and then marched over to what was called Camp Floyd. Then the Saints returned to their homes

and farms. The Lord had accepted of their offering. We were

again ready to burn or leave our homes, if it was desired of us. And

May, 1929546 IMPROVEMENT ERA

then we began to prosper. The soldiers had brought many things

that we needed, and they made a market where we could sell our things."In 1852, Brother Sperry had married Mary Mosley, who died seven years later, leaving one child. In 1861, he married her sister

Susan, who had eight children. In 1873, he married Mary Ellen

Butterworth, who had nine children. In 1875, he became bishop

of the Fourth ward, and in 1906, he was ordained a patriarch. He

also served as leader of the Waterloo ward choir. When dances

were held in the Fourth ward meeting house or in the Stake House,

Brother Sperry was always on hand with his violin. When his

brother, Charles, came from Nephi, to conference, the two men would go to the home of Aaron, Harrison's second child, and practice the violin for hours, with Aaron at the piano. None of the

three had ever had a music lesson, nor could read a note. Yet, Brother

Sperry would compose a melody, and Charles and Aaron were quick to improvise harmonious accompaniments.

Needless to say, Brother Sperry was a loving father and companionable husband. He received the utter devotion of his wives

and children. In the earlier days, they lived principally on milk,

corn, and dandelion greens. Soon they were raising apples on an

adjoining lot, and then plums, yellow, green, and blue. The boys

helped to peel and dry the apples. They dried the plums and corn

also.

For about twelve years, Brother Sperry was in the sheep business. He frequently had to choose between his sheep in the ward and

his sheep on the hill. The result was, as with so many of the faithful pioneers, the business took a loss.

He also bought a farm at Tooele, where he was made president of the Fish & Dairy Co. He made four or five artificial lakes and

filled them with spring water, and planted carp. Carp was very

popular at the time, and it appeared that this would be a successful business. Suddenly, however, the fancy of the people turned from

carp to trout, and the business declined.

In 1887, Brother Sperry was fined $300 and sentenced to six months in the penitentiary for living with more than one wife. This

term was shortened a month for good behavior. His diary is an

invaluable document of that chapter of our Church history. It

harbors no resentment nor bitterness. It casts rather a halo of

gloriousness over the entire proceeding. So firm were these men in

their conviction of the righteousness of their conduct, that they accepted this type of martyrdom almost with fervor.

The journal says of the day of arrival: "Came to pen in the

May, 1929 PATRIARCH HARRISON SPERRY 547

evening. Met a host of friends. Had a grand meeting and a good

time."The men were kept at police duty in different quarters. They

read a great deal, and were always delighted with the opportunity to bathe and shave.

Visitors came on the walls with news of the wives and families of the prisoners, and with occasional offerings of "cough candy, flowers, butter, oranges, and other dainties."

The diary comments, "Towards noon it commenced to storm.

It makes it very hard here when it storms. We all crowd into our cells

and are as thick as hasty pudding."

There are many humorous touches throughout. "There were

some female visitors here today, and they looked through the prison.

They were accompanied by their male protectors.""Six or seven

fresh fish this morning from the South.""Some of the men are

blacking their shoes, others brushing up and trying to look nice, as they expect a female preacher here this afternoon. * * * Mrs.

Dr. Wood then spoke and encouraged the prisoners to read the Bible

more. She was astonished to see so many old, grayhaired, baldheaded men with stripes on. She said that if we had read the Bible

more, there would not have been so many of us in prison today. *

* * She spoke of murderers and horsethieves, that horsethieves were more to be dreaded than murderers. A secretarian minister

addressed us, * * * and then left us just about as he found us.

The men had their visiting hours, after which "it seemed hard to go back through those ponderous gates again."They also had

their sports, such as foot racing and boxing. "Some of the prisoners

threw a Chinaman up in a blanket because he would not sing or put on the gloves."

Brother Sperry spent his fiftyfifth birthday there and challenged any man past forty to a foot race.

The same room served for the prisoners as diningroom, schoolroom, barber shop and workroom, where fans, mats, riding whips and bridles were manufactured. "Brother Rudger Clawson taught

the bookkeeping classes."

Brother Sperry's musical ability was a boon at this trying time.

Brother William Foster played the guitar and the two practiced together often. Other musicians were there also. "We had a grand

concert in the evening. A long program that would have done credit

to a city troupe.""In the evening, fifteen or twenty of the brethren

met and sang some of the songs of Zion that made the old walls fairly ring. It was in honor of Brother Ellis, as he expects to be

May. in*548 IMPROVEMENT ERA

released tomorrow, and is one of the musicians and singers. He plays

the organ in our prison band."

Never before in history had there been a prison scene like those in the penitentiary at that period. Righteous men imprisoned for

their convictions, along with murderers, and low criminals of every description. Indescribable execrations in certain quarters; in others,

groups of sober men, reading the Key to Theology, The Book of

Mormon, The Doctrine and Covenants, Plain Facts (by Brother

Penrose), the Bible, and other works of like nature; and discussing

such questions as the monarchial and republican forms of government.

One of the last entries of Brother Sperry is: "I lay awake most

of the time last night, reflecting over our present situation as a people, and our condition here in prison, and the spirit of the Lord restecl is, O Lord, Thyupon me, and I shed tears of joy. My feeling

will be done and not mine."

As the twilight of mortality crept on, Brother Sperry's spiritual insight and vision became, if possible, even more pronounced, until the time of his death, a few months since. At once gentle and combative, a man of spiritual but not material wealth, an artist and also

a laborer, we have in Brother Sperry one of the unique characters developed by the "Mormon"religion, and possible to find only in the "Mormon"history of this dispensation.

Bouquets Save not your flowers till friend and kin

Have gone and gates are closed,

But scatter them while yet they live;

Time may be short. Who knows?

What matters it when night comes on

And life's great race is run, To place the flowers upon their bier

And praise what they have done?

Their virtues and their follies, too,

Our God will judge at last.

And to his judgment and not ours

Will rest their earthly past.

But here and now, how sweet to give

Fair blossoms day by day, As they go struggling up the heights

Or stumble by the way.

Tomorrow may not be for us;

Today let's scatter cheer, And give boquets to those who live,

Bring joy while they are here.

Mesa, Arizona IDA R. ALLDREDGE.

Prohibitionists? Are We

By Susa Young Gates SAT at a banquet table of the Daughters of the Pioneers the other evening when the resolution was read concerning the ob-I servance of the 18th Amendment. The resolution had received

the endorsement of some other prominent social groups of women in the state and was offered for consideration by the Daughters there assembled. Naturally the vote to approve was unanimous. I

thought one clause in the resolution might well have been omitted:

"so long as prohibition remains a law of the land."This was a

very suggestive gap in the fence, and no one would need to hurdle one's conscience with this easy egress through the very center of it.

Then someone asked, "Does that mean we shall observe it in public and private? Even at social functions where others may serve

wine or wine brandied mincemeat?"Discussion concoctions—even

flew around the tables. Coffee was likewise discussed as a social

beverage. Should one make oneself conspicuous? was asked.

Now upon the answers to these questions hangs the law, and one might add the prophets. For those who have taught the

Word of Wisdom for nearly a century, these questions should seem unnecessary. Are they? I ask you, my friends and especially my

sisters. For, believe me, women are the social arbiters in all group

life.

What mother or grandmother who drinks tea or coffee or wine in private or at social functions can be surprised if her son or grandson smokes or even turns bootlegger? Follow the question

through, my friends, right to its logical conclusion. Do you tolerate

the lowered standards which smooth over cigarette smoking and the looseness of moral fiber now so prevalent in certain social circles?

The answer to this question as far as some Church members are concerned is, unfortunately, selfevident.

I my brother's keeper? Are you not? Am

Can you, as an elder in Israel, a worker in the temple or in the

Relief Society, fail to recognize your position as examplesetter in this Church and in this community?

Says Pres. Hoover in his first public announcement, as quoted

by the Literary Digest: "But a large responsibility rests directly upon

our citizens. There would be little traffic in illegal liquor if only

criminals patronized it. We must awake to the fact that patronage

from large numbers of lawabiding citizens is supplying the rewards and stimulating crime."The Springfield Republican says: "The

ioi<j550 IMPROVEMENT ERA May.

nation must incur a terrible hazard if it long tolerates crime and outlawry for the sake of an appetite."President Hoover's speech

is characterized by the Washington Star as an indictment of those who "subjugate their duty as citizens to their appetites as individuals.""Shameful indeed is the indictment,"confesses the Middletown (N. Y. ) Times Herald. "But the worst of it is that we

know it to be true and can, in conscience, only plead guilty."

Naturally, the Washington correspondents have much to say concerning the means the president is likely to bring into operation to carry out his purposes. "The first obvious step in building up a

public opinion against violating the dry law will be to make it unfashionable in Washington,"writes Clinton W. Gilbert in the

New York Evening Post, and "there is not much doubt that the very great social power of the White House will be used to force respect for the law in official circles."

And within a day or two after the inauguration, it was being remarked in Washington, according to a New York HeraldTribune correspondent, that the city, "both official and otherwise, is drier today than it has been in several years."

Remember that manufacturing or drinking any kinds of spirituous liquors is breaking both the law of the land and the law of the Church.

It is a known fact that Congress and all Washington has been most culpable in this matter. The example of official lawbreakers

in high political office has had the same fatal influence on the nation that failure to observe this law by our high Church officials would have through Zion. How proud we are of the rigid adherence to this

law maintained from his youth up by our honored President Heber

J. Grant and all his family; nor are we less grateful for the noble

example set by our Apostle, Senator Reed Smoot, in the halls of

Congress. Never has wine or spirituous liquors been served in his

office or his home. When he first went there, in preprohibition

days, he refused every offer to stock his office or home with the usual gifts of wine and whiskey sent to Senators and representatives.

Nothing but water, cool and pure, has ever graced his table in public or private. More than that, he is and always has been a strict observer of the Word of Wisdom down to the last detail. No man

or woman can rise up in this Church and quote President Grant or

Senator Smoot as having weakened, by a hair's breadth, the force and power of their teachings and examples in this important issue before the people today. Senator Smoot in a recent address came

out in the strongest terms in support of the prohibition law:

"If you want to know what I think about the prohibition law.

I'll tell you,"said Senator Smoot. "If I had my way I would

May. 1929 ARE WE PROHIBITIONISTS? 551

enforce it from the president and congress down to the humblest citizen in the country. We can't have respect for the law if it applies

to but one class, and this holds not only with the prohibition law, but with every law."

It requires turn down your wine glass or courage—yes—tocoffee cup at some special club or social function when all others

about you, even perhaps some who should and do know better, are taking a little sip "for shame's sake."

But, personally, I don't like cowards, do you?

A Prayer Give us this day, O Lord, our daily bread.

The bread that feeds the hungry human soul,

The life for which the Savior's blood was shed,

The spirit that should conquer and control

All evil forces, till from pole to pole

The shining pinions of the dove of peace

May soar, and in one united whole

Men dwell where all the laughing loves increase,

Where battle flags are furled and drums of war shall cease.

Give us, O Lord, a thirst for righteousness

Such as the sages had in days of old.

If Thou wouldst comfort us in our distress.

Remove our hearts far from the greed of gold.

Let not the baser passions that controlled

The mighty nations that exist no more

Destroy the precious heritage we hold

From brave Crusaders who have gone before,

Bequeathing to the world their learning and their lore.

Give us, O Lord, intelligence to live

For those despondent creatures of our kind

Who have no hopes of happiness to give

The seeming seekers who have failed to find.

Give us the blessings of the constant mind,

The faithful heart, the brave, determined will,

That we may leave our weaknesses behind,

Give up the passing pleasures of the hill,

And climb the mountain crags that give the finer thrill.

Give us, O Lord, the fever of the fight.

The strength of body and the iron will.

Let all the scattered legions of the right

Be gathered in the valley: let them still

Remember they must struggle on until

Their foes have all been humbled in the dust.

Give us, O Lord, the spirit that will kill

The baneful brood of sinfulness and lust

Lord, may we gladly come and place in Thee our trust.

Provo, Utah ALFRED OSMOND.

FOUR DEVOTED M. I. A. WORKERS. UPPER LEFTHAND CORNER. MARTHA H. TlNGEY; UPPER

right, ruth may Fox; lower left, Lucy grant Cannon: lower right, Clarissa A. Beesley

Changes in the Presidency of the

I. A. Y. L. M.

By Elsie Talmage Brandley Martha H. Tingey, Retiring President

years in the presidency and twentyfour yearsFORTYNINE as is the record of Sister Martha H. Tingey president—that

in the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Association.

Chosen at the age of 22 to act as counselor to Elmina S. Taylor,

she has ever magnified the appointment, and her wisdom, discernment and judgment have been unfailing. Being a daughter of Joseph

and Isabella Home, both staunch pioneers who had suffered the tribulations and persecutions incident to early pioneer life, it was natural that Martha should be possessed of a valiant spirit. Not

strong physically, her indomitable spiritual strength and uplifting faith have given her power to carry on the work given her to do.

Devoted to the cause of Mutual Improvement work, zealous to accomplish good among the daughters of Zion, and confident that her call would be followed by the ability and strength necessary to its fulfillment, she has worked with the modest dignity, sincerity and earnestness which are characteristic of her. A promise made by

her mother, and repeated by President Joseph F. Smith when she

was set apart as president of the Y. L. M. I. A., to the effect that

she would be made equal to the requirements made of her, gave her a blessed assurance which helped to carry her over seemingly insurmountable obstacles. In spite of the delicate health which has

been hers for many years, she has unflinchingly gone forward to accomplish her mission, and has fulfilled its demands gloriously. Always gentle, but never weak; firm, but never harsh; wise, but utterly

without guile, she has enlisted the love and admiration of all who have had the privilege of associating with her.

A woman equally successful at home and in public, she has set for the young women of the Church an example worthy of thoughtful and prayerful emulation. Her sincere desire is that a testimony

of the Gospel of Jesus Christ may find lodging in the hearts of all

Latterday Saint girls, that their lives may be sweetened and enriched by the beauty and truth therein.

To look upon the face of Sister Tingey is to realize that her frail little body has been the dwelling place of a glorious spirit. May

the organization of which she has long been an able and fearless leader ever grow in righteousness, and every girl in Zion remember 554 IMPROVEMENT ERA May, 19Z9

that the strength of Sister Tingey's leadership was the strength of purity and faith.

After almost a quarter of a century of splendid and effective leadership, the Presidency of the Y. L. M. I. A. has been reorganized.

On March 28, 1929, it was announced that President Martha H.

Tingey had been given honorable release, and as her successor, Ruth

May Fox had been appointed. A day or so thereafter President Fox

announced that Lucy Grant Cannon had been selected as first counselor, and Clarissa A. Beesley as noble triumvirate. second—a

The new presidency is made up of women widely and lovingly known by M. I. A. officers and members, for all of them have devoted themselves to the work for many years and have traveled into

many of the stakes of the Church in the interests of their organization.

Ruth May Fox, President Ruth May Fox was born in England, and left motherless at the age of sixteen months. For several years following the death of

her mother, she lived at the homes of various relatives and friends, always, if possible, with a Latterday Saint family, for her father, who, with his wife had embraced the Gospel some years before, felt it important that the child should grow up with a knowledge of the truths contained in the new religion. Circumstances made it impossible for the little girl to be with her parent much of the time, and

in spite of his interest in her welfare conditions threw her into unwholesome contacts, where she learned many things of which little girls should remain ignorant. When finally it became possible for

her father to be with her more of the time, he conscientiously set about to teach her the principles of the Gospel, which have since become so dear to her.

Those who have not had the privilege of close association with

Sister Fox cannot know the honesty, tolerance and humility which are among her outstanding characteristics. While a keen sense of

humor, a flashing vein of wit and a decided opinion of her own are outward traits which sometimes veil the more delicate qualities, her friends know that each part of her nature is important in rounding out the pleasing whole. It is the combination of these which

make her so delightfully human, yet withal so exceptionally strong and true.

Ruth was twelve years of age before she came to America, following her father who had preceded her by some months, and had been working as an expert carder in Philadelphia. The girl had

crossed the ocean with an English widow and her daughter, who were to become stepmother and stepsister to her soon thereafter.

May. \9i9 CHANGES IN Y. L. M. I. A. PRESIDENCY 555

The family were congenial, and toiled with indefatigable determination in their zeal to make enough money to go to Utah. Finally

their ambition was realized, and they set out on their long journey.

In 1867, they reached the valleys of the mountains, after many months of travel by ox team and on foot.

In 1872 the girl was married to Jesse W. Fox, Jr. She is the

mother of twelve children, ten of whom are living, and rearing families of their own. Who shall say how many staunch Latterday Saints will be born in the line of descent of the humble, unknown little English girl?

In 1898, after spending about twenty years as a worker in the auxiliary organizations of the 14th ward, Salt Lake, she became a member of the General Board of Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Association. One of her early contributions to the work was

the idea of the Traveling Library, which for many years was an important feature of the program, and has since evolved into the

Reading Course. Sister Fox realized that reading of a high standard

is an education in itself, for having been handicapped in her own schooling she gained from books a deep fund of knowledge. Her

literary achievements are wellknown.

Ruth May Fox is a woman devoted to the principle which she believes to be right. The many calls of home, children, public

and Church work have been adequately answered, and through them, and the associations made in them, she has developed and expanded into a personality of rare charm. In response to a declaration she

made to the effect that she hoped nobody would ever describe her as being "sweet"when sweetness was not one of her characteristics, a reply came immediately from one of her friends: "Why should the

salt of the earth be sweet?"There, in one descriptive phrase, is the

word portrait of President Ruth May salt of the earth. Fox—the

Lucy Grant Cannon, First Counselor

Sister Lucy Grant Cannon needs no introduction to the young women of the Church, for she has occupied positions of trust in ward, stake and general organizations for many years. She has

found much joy in Mutual Improvement work, and part of that joy she has passed on to those who have been her associates. At the

age of eighteen she was ward president of the Young Ladies'Mutual

Improvement Association, and since that time she has been class leader, counselor in the Ensign Stake Y. L. M. I. A. presidency, member of the General Board, second counselor to President Martha H.

Tingey and now, fittingly, first counselor to President Ruth May

Fox.

Deeply religious, unselfish and obedient, she carries about with 1929556 IMPROVEMENT ERA uv.

her no atmosphere of sanctimony, but transmutes the abundant faith which is hers into beautiful living, and demonstrates every day the loveliness of true and vital spirituality. Her goodness engenders in

others a desire to be good.

Lutie, as she is lovingly known to friends and relatives, is the second daughter of President Heber J. and Lucy Stringham

Grant. At the age of twelve she met sorrow, for the mother to

whom she was devotedly attached was taken in death, and Lutie, herself in delicate health, was left to help comfort the younger children. The mother's place was in a measure filled by "Aunt Gusta"

Winters loving care for the bereaved chil-—Augusta Grant,—whose

dren has been sincerely appreciated by them. The spirit of harmony

and sympathy existing between the girls and their fostermother is indicative of the nobility of their characters.

Calm, serene, adjectives must have been untroubled-—such

coined to describe Lucy G. Cannon. A girl was once heard to say

that she never was very good at spelling after she knew Lutie, forshe invariably spelled "tranquility"—"tranquilutie,"for that is

the effect she produced.

Lucy Grant, as a girl, had the blessed opportunity of partaking of a beautiful home influence. Her father and mother, Aunt Gusta,

and Grandma Grant were all individuals of the highest type, and her association with them instilled in her heart ideals to which she is attaining. Knowing full well that the only adequate recompense

possible to offer parents and loved ones for their devotion and sacrifice is a good life, happily lived, Lutie has done all in her power toward the payment of her debt.

In 1902 she was married to George J. Cannon, a son of Abram

H. and Sarah Cannon. Eight fine children have come to share the

home they have made, and two grandchildren have ushered in the third generation, and will have the privilege of participating in the graciousness and peace which characterize the home life of this family.

Music, books, kindness, laughter, hospitality, sympathy and prayer all go into the creating of the sweet influence of their home, but they are too definite to catch the indefinable charm therein; and

without question much of the charm emanates from the lovable

it.woman who presides at the side of her husband over

I. A. both now and in the To many of the girls in the M.

years gone by, Sister Lucy Cannon stands as a light, illuminating the path that leads toward salvation. She is very good, very lovable,

and very happy, harboring within her heart a love for all humanity, and unwavering assurance of the divinity of the Gospel of Jesus

May, 1929 CHANGES IN Y. L. M. I. A. PRESIDENCY 557

Christ. Life has no greater gifts than these to offer, and they are

given only to those who prove their worthiness.

Clarissa A. Beesley, Second Counselor

Exceptionally well fitted for her new position as counselor to the president of the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Association is Clarissa A. Beesley, who from the age of 1 7 has been engaged

in the work of this organization. For eight years she was president

of the 16th ward, Salt Lake stake; for four years she was a most

efficient secretary in that stake, and for nearly two years was Y. L.

M. I. A. president of it. Following a mission to the Central States,

she was selected as a member of the General Board and two years later was made general secretary, which position she has held until her appointment as counselor in the presidency, in March, 1929, from 1923 to 1929, holding also the position of editor of the

Young Woman's Journal. From this record it is obvious that she

is well acquainted with every phase of the work of the association.

The many hundreds who have been assisted by her intelligent and helpful suggestions and cheered by her kind encouragement feel that she carries into the presidency the constantly increasing powers of mind and spirit which are hers.

To the casual observer, Sister Clarissa appears to be modest and unassuming, but to the careful one she is that and much more.

As a secretary she is accurate, dependable and conscientious, feeling more of a responsibility for the careful handling of affairs than if they were her own; as a member of the General Board she is capable and efficient, studying the problems of the organization and

giving thoughtful attention to the details of the programs she helps to outline; as a friend she is true and loyal, appreciative of the affection bestowed upon her, and sincere in returning it; as a woman

she is charmingly serious, and running all through her nature is a little thread of fun which ties the other qualities into a neat little package; as a Latterday Saint she is what that name implies

spiritual, highminded and true.

As she has honored Sister Tingey as president, she will honor

Sister Fox in the same capacity. As the girls and women of the

M. I. A. have recognized and appreciated her ability as secretary,

they will recognize and appreciate her ability as counselor. As she

has intelligently and cheerfully accepted counsel in the past, she will, in her new position have the opportunity to give counsel. May

the Latterday Saint girls realize that in Clarissa A. Beesley they

will find the qualities for which the M. I. A. stands, and follow her

example. By so doing, they will find a rich portion of the iov

for which all were created.

Made in Marokau By O. B. Peterson

and civilization! To associate the word ingenuityINGENUITY

with eminent inventors, discoverers, scientists, is natural to our trend of what of associating it with the nathought;—but

tives of a little coral atol four thousand miles from civilization?

Ingenuity may well be numbered among the virtues of South Sea

Islanders. They are not "overread,"at least not to the extent of

being unable to think for themselves; and when a problem arises

in their daily routine, they set about immediately to solve it.

On the island of Marokau, Tuamotu Archipelago, the "mother of made one of her frequent deinvention"—necessity—recently

mands, and a new brand of article was produced, which, were it really possible to trade mark,.might appropriately have been labeled

"Made in Marokau;"just as manufacturers in other lands adopt

the happy expedient of marking their goods with "Made in Germany,""Made in Japan"or "Made in the United States."

Pahoa a Tahiaroa, branch president of the L. D. S. Church at

that island, had just been made local governor, and he wanted to convey the good news to his old friend Toma (Thomas L.

Woodbury), of Salt Lake City, who was a missionary on that island more than thirty years ago, but he found that he had no ink with which to write the letter. There was no store there, and

ships during that particular season were very infrequent; but Pahoa

needed ink, and he began to display his ingenuity.

"I thought of the octopus,"he writes. (In the body of the

octopus is a bag of dark fluid which it emits when in danger, and which results in coloring the water for many feet around, losing the octopus to an enemy, and permitting it to escape before the water clears.) "I got my spear, went to the lagoon and sallied

Iforth in my canoe,"he continues, "and it was not long before

I extractedhad bagged my quarry. Upon returning to the shore,

the muchneeded fluid and tried to write with it. I found, however,

that it would not adhere to the paper; so I tried mixing it with

rain water, then with sea water, but with no better result. I

then conceived the idea of an entirely new experiment. I took the

juice from a cocoanut and boiled it, and then mixed it with the inkfluid from the octopus. Inaha! (Behold!) A beautiful brown

was the result! It flowed freely, looked neat and adhered sufficiently

to suit the most particular. In fact, I soaked the paper in water to

determine whether the new ink would thereby be diluted and efas faced, but, to my surprise, when the paper dried the writing was

TOP (LEFT): TANE A TANE, FORMER GOVERNOR OF MAROKAU. AND BROTHER OF PAHOA A

TAHIAROA, PRESENT GOVERNOR; (RIGHT), PAHOA'S LETTER AS IT WAS ADDRESSED TO THOMAS

L. WOODBURY. BOTTOM: VIEW OF MAROKAU, SHOWING THE GOVERNOR'S HOME.

legible as ever. So I have continued thus to make ink, and I furnish

it without cost to all the missionaries who come to this island.''

The letter to Thomas L. Woodbury, mailed from that faroff coral atol, was directed merely "Thomas W., Roto Miti, Utaha.

Amerika."It arrived in America all right, but was returned to the

islands for "better address."By a coincidence, Elder W. Harrison

Conover, now serving in the Tahitian mission, was in the post office at Tahiti when the letter, returned from San Francisco, was received and laid aside. The address, "Roto Miti,"(Salt Lake)

aroused Elder Conover's curiosity and reminded him of interest,—it

May. 1929 560 IMPROVEMENT ERA

home. He claimed the letter, and his claim was recognized. It was

an easy matter to find the name and address of Elder Woodbury in the mission records, and the letter was soon redirected and sent again on its way to Utah.

This letter from Pahoa to Toma, however, did more than depict the ingenuity of the island native; it also portrayed the fact

that he likes to view himself as having a keen sense of right and wrong. Pahoa had been made governor of Marokau, and he was

proud to tell Toma about it, and especially just why he was the one appointed, by the French governor, in that solemn assembly of native chiefs. In explaining the reason for his choice, the French

officer said: "I have chosen Pahoa a Tahiaroa to fill this important office because he does not drink liquor."This desirable

trait of character, recognized and appreciated by the government officer, and which is peculiar to but a few on that particular island, had its inception when Toma and other missionaries first took the message of the restored Gospel to those people and endeavored to teach them the value of its precepts. Pahoa was then but a young

boy, but he loved Toma and the others and was impressed with their teachings. Among the many truths taught by them and subsequent

elders was that liquor injures both body and mind and hinders the attainment of prosperity and happiness.

"From my youth to the present time,"said Pahoa, in this interesting octopusink letter, "I have always determined to oppose liquor. The French governor knows something of 'Mormonism

its teachings have made the island people better; that its—that

adherents abstain from liquor and obey the laws of the land. He

knows also that at islands at which he calls in the course of his duties, where the local governor belongs to some church that does not place such stress upon the evils of liquor, etc., there is much

trouble caused by intoxication and licentiousness; and the native

governor himself, the very person who is expected to maintain law and order, becomes a helping hand in the breaking of law and the commission of sin. Therefore,"he concluded, "in my office of

governor, I will not permit liquor to be brought to this island, that my people may not waste their money on things that injure them."

Newton gained fame from watching an apple fall; Watt is

known for having experimented with the steam from his mother's teakettle; but Pahoa has made a new brand of him quite ink,—to

as important. And we find in this native islander of Marokau. not

only the ingenuity to supply from nature's storehouse what he lacks and cannot purchase, but also the strength of character to assume responsibility and to obey law. The Gospel and his native environment have taught him to think for himself, and to act according to fundamental principles of right.

Education vs. Legislation and

Law Enforcement By Dr. John T. Miller

are two methods of influencing the behavior of people.THERE One is through education. The other is through legislation

and law enforcement. When education is at its best it helps

human beings to harmonize the organs of the body and to develop the primary elements of mind harmoniously. It is the fear of punishment instilled by law enforcement that should keep people from

doing wrong, but does it?

Long ago it was reported that the Prophet Joseph Smith was once asked how he governed his people so well. It is said that he

replied, "I do not govern them. I teach them correct principles and

they govern themselves."Does the education of today develop

selfcontrol? About the middle of last century Horace Mann, America's greatest educator, said:

"When I look back to the playmates of my childhood; when

I remember the acquaintances which I formed with nine college classes; when I cast my eye over the circles of men with whom professional and public duties made me conversant. I find amongst all

these examples that for one man who has been ruined for the want of intellect or attainment hundreds have perished for the want of morals, and yet with the disproportion between the causes of human ruin we go on bestowing at least a hundred times more care and pain and cost in the education of the intellect than in the cultivation of the moral sentiments and in the establishment of moral principles. From year to year we pursue the same course of navigation with all these treasureladen vessels going down to destruction

around us and before us, when if the ocean in which thev are $unk were not fathomless and bottomless the wrecks ere this would have filled it solid to the surface."

More recently that great pioneer educator of the Rocky Mountains, Dr. Karl G. Maeser, said on page 37 of his book School and

Fireside "The prevailing system of feverish competition in our public schools, emphasizing as it does intellectual advancement to the almost entire neglect of every other requirement, engenders a spirit of selfish ambition, an evil which sadly mars the characters of many of our most prominent public men today. The educational methods

prevailing in the public schools and homes in America, more than

May. 19Z9562 IMPROVEMENT ERA

anywhere else in civilized countries, neglect the cultivation of reverence. Hence the disregard for parental authority, out of which

grows disloyalty to the laws of our country, disregard for the feeling and rights of fellowmen and a growing discontent with the conditions of society. No man can ever be true to his God who has

not learned to be true to his home, his country and to humanity."

During the past ten years 24 varieties of intelligence tests have been devised, and many have come to believe that they have reached a finality in the study of mind and character development. But in

studying 1,000 brilliant children Prof. Terman of Stanford found

that in onefourth of them there was a low character quotient connected with the high intelligent quotient. Supt. Nellis of the Whittier State School for boys told the writer that his best teamsters,

dairymen, farmers, and mechanics had been declared subnormal by the intelligence tests. The writer has studied all the boys and girls

in the reform schools of three states and among them he found some of the keenest intellects that he has found anywhere, but they were associated with uncontrolled impulses. There is still too much

effort in education to make high marks intellectually and to neglect character building. Vocational, moral and child guidance have

been retarded throughout the world for the lack of a system of human nature as a basis for such work. In his valuable article on

"Guidance of Youth,"which appeared in the March Improvement

Era, Dean Bennion said: "In the intermountain region little has

been done to assist boys and girls to solve these most baffling problems."At the educational convention held in Los Angeles, Dec. 18,

1928, State Supt. Cooper, who is now United States Commissioner

of Education, said:

"The greatest weakness in California's present secondary school system is its failure to offer students more personal counsel. * * *

Guidance and counsel would be of the greatest value but we have in California no system for offering counsel to high school students.

Guidance in the better use of leisure would prevent much juvenile delinquency."

While the writer was giving guidance to 2500 high school and college students in the schools of El Paso, Texas, he received a letter from one of the leading educators of America in the which the following occurs: "I am greatly interested in the work you are

doing. Efficient guidance is the greatest lack in our educational

system today. If you have methods of guidance which are practical and scientifically accurate, you certainly ought to let the world

know about it."

If the system of human nature used by Horace Mann and Dr.

Karl G. Maeser as the basis for all their educational work were uni-

M<>y- < 929 EDUCATION VS. LEGISLATION 563

versally adopted and taught from the kindergarten up, many of our most perplexing problems of human culture would be solved.

The most significant thing in education today is that the emphasis is being taken off the intellect and placed upon the feelings. This

movement is being led by the psychiatrists. It is being discovered

that vice and crime are due to uncontrolled impulses and not to feeble intellects. The abuse of a few primary elements of mind causes not

only juvenile delinquency but also adult crime. Drunkenness and

gluttony are the abuse of appetite. Stubbornness is the abuse of

firmness. Quarreling and fighting are abuse of courage. Theft is

the abuse of thrift and acquisitiveness. The social evil is the abuse

of the powers of reproduction. Dishonesty is the abuse of conscience.

All the primary elements of mind are good if they are used right.

Education must unfold and train all the elements of mind to produce love, harmony and unity.

Law enforcement is necessary under present conditions, but the more efficient education becomes the less need there will be for law enforcement. When individuals get such good selfcontrol that they

can rule from within there will not be need to suppress from without.

On page 271 of The Problem Child in Schools, Prof. Nudd makes

this significant statement:

"While the emotional life of the child, which gives rise to the attitudes toward experiences which determine behavior, has long been recognized as an important factor in education, it has remained more in the realm of theory than of practice. This has been due,

not only to the traditional notion of the school as an agency for imparting information and manual skill, but also to the wellnigh universal absorption of educators in the dramatic movement to measure intelligence and achievement, and to a lack of knowledge and means to deal adequately with problems of behavior."

Just as the machinery to take care of the sick is necessary today, so the machinery for law enforcement is necessary. But both science

and revelation testify that disease can be prevented through proper education; vice and crime can be prevented in the same way. Where

can the remedy be best applied? In the institutions where people

are trained to be the custodians and trainers of human lives. They

must make the study of human nature the basis for all their work.

If the mind is to be properly trained the trainer, whether parent, teacher, minister, doctor, social worker, or what not, must know the primary elements of mind and how to adjust them to produce harmony.

Thirty years ago Herbert Spencer was considered the greatest philosopher of his time. He saw the lack of human culture education and offered this criticism: "If by some strange chance not a

564 IMPROVEMENT ERA May, 19Z9

vestige of us descended to the remote future save a pile of our school books or some college examination papers, we may imagine how puzzled an antiquary of the period would be on finding in them no indication that the learners were ever likely to be parents. 'This

must have been the curriculum for their celibates,'we may fancy him concluding. 'I perceive here an elaborate preparation for many

things: especially for reading the books of extinct nations and of

coexisting nations (from which, indeed, it seems clear that these people had little worth reading in their own tongue); but I find

no reference whatever to the bringing up of children. They could

not have been so absurd as to omit all training for the gravest of all responsibility. Evidently, then, this must have been the school

course of one of their monastic orders.'"Since then all kinds of

courses have been prepared on parent education and child training, but none of them have as a basis the true science of mind or a study of human nature. The remedy for this defect must be furnished by

training schools. Their failure in this important work is commented on by one of America's leading educators, Prof. M. V.

O'Shea, on pages 39 and 53 of his book Education as Adjustment, as follows:

"Nowhere apparently has formalism been more evident than in the training of the teacher. The normal schools have in the past

been great dispensaries of formalism; they have taught rules rather

than human nature; they have tried to make the teacher a shopman

instead of a naturalist. * * * The men in the Normal schools

are not utilizing their unsurpassed opportunities to observe the outcome of studies and methods upon developing children. The Normal

school belongs very largely to the genus shop rather than to the genus laboratory. It spends its energies in applying what it thinks

is truth rather than in adding to the body of truth, or even in testing in any critical way what it has inherited from the past."

After observing the work of teachers for 35 years in the schools of more than 1,000 cities around the world, I am convinced that to develop a system of education that will lessen the need for legislation and law enforcement there must be a humannature basis for the training given to teachers so that they can harmonize the lives of children.

"Fellowcitizens, we cannot escape history. We of this Congress and this

Administration will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance or insignificance can spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through

which we pass will light us down in honor or dishonor to the—Abrahamlatest generation."Lincoln.

Lessons from Common Things By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, President of the

Brigham Young University 5. OSMOSIS the name at the head of this article is not a veryWHILE common one, it is used to denote one of the most common processes in the world of living things. No animal

or plant could long survive without the action of osmosis.

Just what is osmosis? If you should take a membrane, such as

the bladder of a pig, and place in it a solution of salt and water, and then put the bladder in a bucket of water, you would find that the water from the bucket gradually penetrated to the inside of the membrane and expanded the bladder. If you should measure the

pressure exerted by the water as it entered, you would find that it had really forced itself inside in spite of great opposition by the bag.

So strong is this inclination of the water to dilute the salt solution that there is nothing you could do to prevent the water from penetrating through this membrane.

In denning osmosis it is usually stated that wherever there is a semipermeable membrane separating solutions of unequal density there is a tendency for the water to pass from the diluted to the concentrated solution; or, in other words, there is the tendency for

the strength of the solution on the two sides of the membrane to become equal. This principle comes into play in almost every activity of the animal or plant body. For example, if you take a

drink of water, the water goes into the stomach, and there, because on the outside of the stomach the blood has a greater concentration than has the stomach, the water passes into the blood and tends to satisfy this inequality of the solutions. By this same process food

stored in the body passes from cell to cell, from the place that it is in reserve to the place that it is needed.

In the plant, the small roots go into the soil and because the plant juices are more concentrated than the moisture of the soil, water passes through the cell walls of the plant and then from cell to cell, up through the stems to the leaves, where it is evaporated. The

leaves are the place where the actual food of the plant is manufactured from carbon dioxide which came from the air and the water, which we just traced from the soil. The soluble sugar manufactured

in this process then moves from cell to cell throughout the plant where it either is used directly or stored. In the case of sugar beets,

the sugar is manufactured in the leaves and then passes down to the 566 IMPROVEMENT ERA May, 1929

roots where it is held in reserve for later growth. In sugar cane,

the sugar is stored in the center of the stalk. In the potato, the sugar

goes into the tuber where it is stored in the form of starch. In grain,

the material moves about until it is finally converted into starch in the kernel of the grain. There it is held in reserve either to furnish

food to the new plant or to be used by man.

Throughout all these processes osmosis plays an important part, aiding the transfer of food from cell to cell within the plant, and distributing water and food through the various organs. Take

away this principle of osmosis so that there would be no transfer of water or food, and just what would happen? The whole world

would instantly be deprived of life, for there could be no growth and scarcely any excretion of waste material.

I wonder how it happens that in the world in which we live, all of these properties which scientists have discovered, function just as they do, when if there were ever so slight a change there would be no scientists or anyone else in the world. It is a question that the

philosopher and the most ordinary person among us all might ask ourselves and all might ponder on it long before arriving at the right answer. Did it all happen just by chance or was it purposely designed by an infinitely wise Creator?

I Am So Tired "I am so tired, Mama."Little Madge,

So weary of her dolls and "playing house,"

Creeps softly into Mother's arms, and knows

She finds a welcome there.

"I am so tired, dear."Her toilworn Dad,

His burdens almost more than he can bear,

Turns eager steps toward his loving wife,

Sure of a welcome there.

"I am so tired."Weary of the tasks,

The endless toil of every mother's day,

She longs to rest within her husband's arms,

Sure of her welcome there.

Dear Father, help me so to live this life.

That, when I pass into the Great Beyond,

My weary soul may creep into Thy arms,

And find a welcome there.

Lund. Nevada LEONA BAMMES GARDNER

The Home Evening By Prof. J. C. Hogensen, Utah Agricultural College

DESIRE to discuss three phases of the subject: 1st. What is

a home? 2nd. Why do we need a home evening? 3rd. How,I a home evening?

is the abiding place of love, joy and happiness. It is A home

the place we like best to be, the place where system and order, one of the first laws of heaven, abide and where peace and love abound. It

is the place where the family circle, the unit of civilization, is most sacred and respected. The L. D. S. home should be the greatest

and best institution in the world, because it is governed by the sacred laws of the Gospel. It is the place of prayer, where the Holy

Spirit dwells. It is the place of unity, where no secrets are to be

found, but where frankness and unselfishness fill the air with helpfulness. It is there that perfect union, each for all and all for each,

is the rule. If this were true of all our homes, then we would find

the vision of Ingersoll fulfilled, wherein he says:

"I see a land of happy homes, a land where music's myriad voice is heard, and lips are full of joy and song; a land where no prisoner mourns, no exile

pines, a land without the beggar's outstretched hand, without the miser's stone stare. I see a land where labor reaps its true reward, where work and worth go

hand in hand, and as I lengthens, joy deepens, love canopies the land, look—life

and over all in the bright blue of the heaven shines the bright star of eternal hope."A humble cottage or a palace may each be the home of someone, but neatness, cleanliness, care and repair are always found there. A

tumbledown shack, where carelessness and shiftlessness are apparent on every hand, may be a place to eat and sleep, but never a home.

Home extends beyond the four walls of the house to the surroundings. No unkempt, weedcovered yard can ever be part of a real

home. It may be an adjunct to a house where people exist, but

never to a home.

In this day and age most homes where the father and mother have affection and consideration for each other and for their children has a neat appearance, with lawn, flowers, shrubs, and trees. We

sometimes hear it said that love makes the home. That is true,

but how much easier it is to love and be content when surrounded by the joys and comforts of flowers, shrubs, lawns and trees. God

has given us these to enjoy, for our comfort, contentment and happiness.

Home today has changed somewhat when compared with what

May. 1929568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it was a number of years ago. Formerly it was a complete unit,

where all the activities of the entire family were continually centered. The father and boys were on the farm, doing chores, and

chopping wood. The mother and girls were carding, spinning,

weaving, cooking and canning, and the thousand and one little things which our fathers and mothers used to do. Reading, sewing,

checker playing were the pastimes in which they usually engaged in the evening around the stove and the coaloil lamp. Everything

was at home with no outside attractions. The principles of the

Gospel, the plans of work and the doings of the day just past and the duties of the coming day were timely topics of discussion.

Today things have changed, the automobile has eliminated distances; the moving picture, the school and church activities, the

clubs and the radio have all contributed to a new order of things.

They have enlarged our vision and our circle of activity so that the home today has less influence and more leisure time than it had formerly. In those olden days systematically planned home evenings were unnecessary, because they were all home evenings. Today,

the Church recommends at least one home evening a month, where all the members of the family can participate and become acquainted with one another, I do not believe that one evening a month is often enough; one evening a week would be much better. I sometimes

wonder if our work in public and Church affairs, which takes us away from home and family so much of our time, is really and genuinely worth while, when it causes such loss of association with and consequent neglect of our own families. No man can doubt that

our families are our first consideration. We are responsible to the

Almighty for them. I believe that everyone can arrange his affairs

and systematize his time so that both the Church and his family can receive their proper share of his time, attention and service.

Home evenings may be carried out in different ways, according to the needs, desires and inclinations of the family. There is no

set rule nor definite order of things. The programs need not be

long nor need they always be the same in the same families. In

fact, I think that variety helps to make them more interesting and enjoyable. A home evening should not be spent in feasting nor in

dancing or playing cards. Though occasionally a few dances by

members of the family may occupy part of the home evening with profit. Music should always be part of the program. Refreshments consisting of apples, homemade candy and pop corn, help

isto make the evening enjoyable. A good homeevening program

one where every member of the family participates. Family singing,

in which all participate, should be enjoyed, followed by a program, some part of which is contributed by each member of the

May. '929 THE HOME EVENING 569

family. Quiet heartto-heart talks are in order and will prove beneficial alike to parents and children. Short, concise readings from the

scriptures, and sometimes from an interesting book, make a good program. Playing of games, story telling, relating exceptional experiences by members of the family are much enjoyed.

Good evening programs may be selected from the radio, if care is exercised in keeping tunedin on that which is elevating and educational, instead of the jazzy, frivolous music of the dance halls.

A short program each evening, followed by family prayers, helps to knit the interests of the family together.

Most of us fathers and mothers leave too much to the schools and Church organizations. If our sons and daughters are to grow

up to be the kind of men and women we desire them to be, every opportunity that is afforded us should be grasped to draw our boys and girls to us. This will help to keep us in their confidence. We

must, in our family life, teach by example as well as by precept, and must take time to guide, persuade, and direct the thoughts and actions of our boys and girls.

The following poem by Roy Semple House should give parents food for thought:

A father and his tiny son Crossed a rough street one stormy day;

"See, papa,"cried the little one, "I stepped in your steps all the way."

Ah, random childish hands that deal

Quick thrusts no coat of proof could stay,

It touched him with a touch of steel, "I stepped in your steps all the way."

If this man shirks his manhood's due,

And heeds what lying voices say,

It is not one who falls, but two "I stepped in your steps all the way."

But they who thrust off greed and fear,

Who love and watch, who toil and pray,

How their hearts carol when they hear, "I stepped in your steps all the way."

May God bless our homes, may he bless us as fathers and mothers with joy and wisdom, may he bless the boys and girls that he has given us, that they and we may all grow and develop into the kind of men and women that our Father would have us be.

"Perhaps one of the reasons I have been a target for so little abuse is because I have tried to refrain from abusing other people."Calvin Coolidge.

The Practical Value of Pure Science

By Dr. Carl F. Eyring, Professor of Physics and Dean

of the College of Arts and Sciences

Brigham Young University FEW years ago I had the pleasure of working with Dr.

Robert A. Millikan on the fascinating problem of pulling

electrons, the corpuscles of electricity, out of a fine tungstenAwire by means of strong electrical fields. So close were we to the

unknown, so much were we pioneers in the field, that the experiment was truly an adventure. Danger lurked in highvoltage generators.

Apparatus, which had taken months to prepare, demanded such care of manipulation that scouts on the frontier were never more wary.

After painstaking effort and many weeks of searching after the truth, the door to the great unknown opened slightly, and we felt the warming influence of a new light. A scientific fact had been born.

To a scientist this is romance.

"But what is the use of this pulling out of electrons?"a

friend asked. "Why not spend your time on a problem that is

more practical?"Was it possible that I had wasted more than

a year's time chasing a will-o-the wisp? Surely pure science has

a value, and assuredly the researcher, motivated simply by the love for truth, is not a fool.

No touchstone has been given man by which he may at once determine the usefulness of his discovery. Often the practical value

is slow to appear; sometimes it does not appear till the next generation. Frequently a single discovery can have no practical value

till combined with other findings, and yet in the chain of discoveries it may be an indispensable link.

One hundred and ten years ago the Danish physicist Oersted discovered that an electric current produces a magnetic effect. He

held a wire, connected to a battery, near and parallel to a magnetic needle. The needle was deflected. Never before had a relation

between electricity and magnetism been detected. If this single scientific fact were transferred back into the great unknown we would

have to surrender the electric motor, the telephone, the telegraph, the radio and the submarine cable. Horse cars would return to

cities; steam power, with its accompanying forests of whirling belts

and shafts, would again enter the factories; and the post would

become the only means of communication.

Ninetyeight years ago Michael Faraday discovered that a pulsating electric current in one wire will generate a current in a

May. 1929 PRACTICAL VALUE OF SCIENCE 571

nearby wire. He also demonstrated that a magnet thrust into a coil

will generate a current. He made public exhibitions of his discovery,

and on one occasion a statesman asked him, "Of what use is your discovery?"Faraday replied, "Some day it may be developed so

that you can tax it."On another occasion a lady asked, "But

what is the use of it all?"He replied, "Madam, will you tell me

the use of a newborn child?"Faraday sensed the importance of his

discovery, for he was the first to build a dynamo; yet when he

made these answers he certainly did not realize that one hundred years later the infant would be grownup and be worth more than twentyfive billion dollars.

More than one hundred years ago Sir Humphry Davy discovered that an intense light could be produced by heating a platinum wire to incandescence by means of an electric current. Fifty years

ago Edison made a commercially successful carbon filament electric lamp. Today nearly one hundred million dollars are spent in the

United States for incandescent lamps.

At the beginning of the last century Thomas Young first demonstrated the interference of light waves. Strange as it may seem,

this discovery and the technique established by Michelson in his study of this phenomenon helped win the war, and it has since aided greatly in the American method of mass production. Three different

companies were engaged in making U. S. Army rifles. The interchangeability of parts was a very important specification. It was

found that the rifles manufactured by any one company, when taken apart, could be reassembled with ease even with a promiscuous selection of parts. However, if rifles from the three manufacturers were

dismantled and the parts mixed, the lack of exact similarity of size made interchangeability impossible. This meant that the inch did

not have the same length in the three factories. By making use of

the interference of light, the United States Bureau of Standards worked out a method of standardizing the measuring instruments of the rifle manufacturers so that complete interchangeability was established. Using this same method, instrument manufacturers

are now making blocks or gages which are accurate to the millionth of an inch.. It is easy to overlook the fact that a scientific

principle, discovered more than a hundred years ago by a physicist motivated only by the lure of the unknown, is now helping to put the great American system of interchangeable manufacture on a sound basis.

Many more examples could be presented to show that scientific facts discovered in the humble quest for truth in later years have been woven into the vast industrial fabric of our civilization. Newborn facts of science, often unappreciated, many times at maturity

May. >929572 IMPROVEMENT ERA

have brought comfort, freedom, and wealth to a once uninterested world.

From the days of Galileo to the present, physicists have not only been accumulating scientific facts, but they have been building the theories, laws and principles of physics. A study and classification of scientific facts leads to the recognition of relationships

or uniformities. An original and fertile mind"sees the possibility

of building a coordinating principle that will correlate the observed data and give impetus to new investigations. A preliminary guess

is made as the first step in building a scientific law or principle, but the scientific method demands that this first conclusion, reached through logical and intuitive processes, be checked and rechecked by further experimentation. It is this cycle of experiment, followed

by logic, followed by experiment, again followed by logic, etc..

etc., that characterizes the scientific method more than anything else.

By this cyclic procedure the scientific law or principle develops through the following steps: (a) ignorance, (b) preliminary guess,

(c) hypothesis, (d) theory, (e) law or principle. The scientific

attitude of mind, characterized by a willingness to abide by the facts and by an eagerness to see new relations, grows in the development of a new principle through these steps: (a) unbelief, (b) desire to

believe, (c) belief, (d) faith, (e) knowledge. Many socalled

principles and elements of knowledge change back to hypotheses and beliefs to be readjusted and even rejected, as the store of scientific facts increases. Thus hypotheses and theories, unlike scientific

facts, are changing things, and are important in so far as they are useful in helping to interpret the facts in a simple, complete, and suggestive manner. It is this flexibility of hypotheses and theories

that insures growth; this type of change gives strength to science,

not weakness.

The scientific method has helped man to discover that the happenings of nature are dependable and rather simple of explanation.

He finds he is not at the mercy of hobgoblins, spirits, or witches, but can, with intelligent cooperation, become the master, to a surprising extent, of the forces of nature. He is led to believe that the

phenomena of nature have their explanation in natural, dependable laws which may be formulated after a patient, openminded, honest search after the truth.

Yet, sometimes, socalled inventors, because of the lack of a knowledge of the scientific principles involved in their work, lose a great deal of time and money in making useless experiments or in trying to develop ideas which violate the laws of science. It is said

that the great George Westinghouse, inventor of the air brake and founder of the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company,

May. i9Z9 PRACTICAL VALUE OF SCIENCE 573

spent a large amount of money and time on a rotary steam engine which he never would have considered had his knowledge of the laws of thermodynamics been more complete. At that time he did

not realize that he was expecting the impossible.

Often we find inventors who think that some change in mechanism can produce a large increase in the power of a heat engine. Some do not see clearly that there is a difference between an

increase in mechanical advantage and an increase in efficiency. With

this confusion in their minds they lead financial supporters to wrong conclusions. An elementary knowledge of thermodynamics would

help them to think clearly. They would know that there is a

thermodynamic efficiency controlled by the difference in temperature between the intake and the exhaust steam which can never be exceeded, but only approached. They would know that a mechanism

can not change nature's demand of an offering in kind when work is obtained from heat.

A few years ago a prominent inventor announced that he had produced a device which would permit a very longrange firing of guns without a recoil mechanism. He was to burn the powder instead of exploding it. For one not schooled in the law of the

conservation of momentum, his scheme might look feasible, but a student of Newtonian mechanics would at once predict failure and stop the foolish expenditure of money and time.

The large manufacturers are coming more and more to see the folly of working blindly. They are establishing research departments, and instead of completely ignoring the principles of

science, they are acting in accordance with them. The real investigator searches the literature to find what others have done, he

analyzes the problem, taking great care to see clearly the underlying theories and principles of science. If more research work must be

done he is now in the position to act wisely and efficiently.

One example of this method will suffice. Many machine parts

are so complicated in shape that it is very difficult to calculate the internal forces and thus make the correct design. The investigator

searches the literature. He finds that strains in glass can be detected

by the use of polarized light. On further search he discovers that

glass and celluloid, even though free from strains normally, show by the action of polarized light the strains that appear due to the application of outside forces. This leads at once to the conclusion

that fullsized celluloid models, placed under the proper force conditions and analyzed with polarized light, will reveal the stresses in the machine part.

From all this it is clear that our knowledge of the natural laws must increase. If the springs of pure science dry up, the time will

May, 1929574 IMPROVEMENT ERA come when the industries cannot properly advance. We must

realize clearly that the pioneer scientist of one generation is preparing the way for the technician of the next. The universities of the

land must not fail to foster an ever expanding frontier of pure science. They must train young men and women in the methods

of science and its principles in order that this information may properly be carried into the work of the world and there contribute to the human welfare.

May it be said of the statesmen of this generation that their foresight led them so to endow the research laboratories of the land that the fountain of pure science gushed forth with perennial water.

May it be said of the great minds of this generation that they zealously pioneered the land of the unknown, carrying a banner with this inscription, "And ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free."

A Tribute to Handel The first performance of the Messiah took place in the Neale's Music Hall in Dublin, April 18, 1742, at midday, and, apropos of the absurdities of fashion, it may be noted that the announcements contained the following request: "Ladies who honor this performance with their presence will be pleased

to come without hoops, as it will greatly increase the charity by making room for more company."

The work was gloriously successful, and over 400 pounds sterling were obtained the first day for the Dublin charities. Handel seems always to have

had a special feeling with regard to this masterpiece of if it were too his—as

sacred to be merely used for making money, like his other works. In this connection a fine saying of his may be repeated. Lord Kinnoul had complimented

him on the noble "entertainment"which by the Messiah he had lately given the town. "My lord,"said Handel, "I should be sorry if I only entertained them wish to make them better."—I

And when someone questioned him on his feelings when composing the

Hallelujah Chorus, he replied in his peculiar English, "I did think I did see all heaven before me, and the great God himself."

What a fine saying that was of poor old George III, in describing thePastoral Symphony in this oratorio—"I could see the stars shining through it!"

The now constant custom of the audience to rise and remain standing during the performance of this chorus, is said to have originated in the following manner: On the first production of the work in London, the audience were

exceedingly generous; and when that chorus struck up, "For the Lord God

Omnipotent"in the "Hallelujah,"they were so transported that they all together, with the king (who happened to be present), started up and remained standing until the chorus ended. This anecdote I had from Lord Kinnoul

Dr. James Beattie.

Sustaining the Glory of Motherhood

By Claire S. Boyer

fact that it seemed necessary to establish a Mother's DayTHEis at least a slight substantiation of the fear of the diminishing glory of motherhood.

With the passing of large families and the socalled "family man,"and the substitution of the modern only triumvirate—the

child, the business man and the society American home woman—the

has not only been threatened but badly shaken up. The birth rate

has fallen, crime has increased, and divorce has made us the standing joke among nations. And all because of the fading glory of

motherhood. It has faded for woman and for man alike. The

pride man used to have in a large family has been reduced to an apology, and the mother's former crown of glory has been changed to a bandeau of pity. "Poor thing,"we sigh, and thank our lucky

stars we have a family of only two. "Poor man,"we ejaculate.

"It must keep him pegging, don't blame him for seeking diversion;

that many children would drive any man mad."

So the wise (? ) man and the wise woman have limited their offspring and "put it over,"so to speak, on the unfortunates who are

battling with many mouths to feed, much noise and many problems to ferret out.

Economics has had something to do with the shrinking of the family; desire for freedom and pleasure have also done their share;

but sentiment has been the "nigger in the wood pile,"the unseen force which has done its best to destroy the home by shattering the glory of motherhood, and it began by undermining man first and woman afterwards.

The heart of every woman is a fortress of strength. It is

built on the firm foundation of the instinct love. Home and children are her greatest desires, and always will be. But her heart can

be led astray through the very avenues of its strength. In the

name of love her desires can be diverted to other aims. Filial love

can cause her to sacrifice her own desires and so direct her interests into the field of business. Or the craving for man's love can make

her set up false gods for herself, gods of beauty and freedom and all in the name of love.gold—and

And, strange to say, man, in the name of love, often admires the diverting type of woman, seeks her company, pays her the homage, and lets the mother heart suffer in obscurity, or become overMay, 1929576 IMPROVEMENT ERA

grown with prickly resolutions to smother her instinct and become the popular object of man's interest.

Woman's challenge today is: Is man interested in children?

Does he believe in the glory of motherhood? If so, why doesn't he

help sustain it?

Mother's Day, once a year, is somebody's idea of honoring motherhood, but if man's attitude all other days belies that honor, then the day becomes merely a mockery.

If man listens to and indulges in obscene jokes on maternity, he is not upholding that which should be sacred in woman's heart and in his own. As to its sacredness, many men and women doubt.

But it is certainly true that God has given us the power of creating life, and surely we should respect and revere that privilege.

Go to a vaudeville any of the 364 other days, and the greatest applause will be given to the dirtyjoke dealer, out of whose filthy mind come degrading insinuations about motherhood. Where

is the glory here? It is dragged enthusiastically through the mire.

Manhood should revolt at such animalisms, but instead some men, and, to their shame, some women applaud, and such jokesters are kept on the stage to befoul innocent minds and besmear young hearts still believing in the glory of motherhood. Of course, this is just

a general attitude. Man justifies himself by saying that he doesn't

carry this into his home, but that kind of stuff is hard to clean out of the mind. Try it.

On the one hand, then, we have an open tearing down of the glory of motherhood, with the approbation of the majority; on

the other, we have the failure of man to sense and appreciate his relation to this wouldbe glory.

Men marry with little thought concerning their children, except that, as natural consequences, they will accept them and try to maintain them. Not long ago I saw an engaged couple who had

their family all planned out. They talked happily of their prospects. People were shocked. One said, "They are like a couple

of children planning to play house and buy them some dolls."Another said, "If they do talk about such things, they should do so in

private."They had an enviable attitude toward marriage. It took

an expert to give them credit. He said, "What a refreshing couple,

how frankly and proudly they undertake the business of marriage."

How different that is from another case I know. They had been

married some time. Neither had spoken of children. When the

subject was mentioned to her she threw up her hands in horror, "Oh, it would be a calamity if we had children; we can't afford them."

Yet they had every luxury their two selfish hearts could desire. Anyone could foretell shipwreck!

May. i9i9 SUSTAINING THE GLORY OF MOTHERHOOD 577

Surely the subject of children should be of paramount interest to those thinking of marriage and entering it. How else can there

be any glory at all? And when the moment for hope of the fulfilment of the desire for children arrives, man has a special privilege

to let woman feel that it is a glory and that he is as happy as she can be over the prospects. Many a young girl's heart has soared to

the sacred clouds only to sink at the way in which her husband received the news of a prospective child. The glory of motherhood

that she has kept immaculate and divine has suffered a terrible collapse. Love and hope often hang on a single sentence, and one's

whole attitude toward life can be changed from an exquisite one to a horrible one, if a perfect moment is mangled. All through life these

perfect moments arrive, and married happiness depends upon the ability of man and woman to recognize and appreciate them instead of treating them lightly or degradingly.

It is quite possible, then, that man's sentiment toward motherhood could be bettered. There are other moments, too, besides those

which could be kept that are introduced into a home perfect—those

which destroy love and cause embitterment. Woman is prone to

enjoy a certain amount of sacrifice, especially if it be sacrifice for her children. But there is nothing that wounds her more deeply than

to have her husband, instead of appreciating her unselfishness, blame her for looking less attractive than her childless neighbor, and proceed to pay attention to the type of woman who has evaded this holy responsibility. Lack of appreciation of motherhood is a deep

cause for small families. If a man persist in adoring the beauty that

is skin deep and letting nobility of character go unthanked, he will have no one but himself to blame for his broken home and eventually a broken nation. I want to reiterate that true women like sacrifice

and hard work, and would be only too glad to have more children if their attitude and labors were appreciated. A little praise, a little

commendation, a little more pride in the children she has worked so hard to perfect, these are the illusive sunbeams of homely happiness.

Recently there has been a noticeable interest in childtraining.

The home has been blamed for the nation's crime, and parents have been called on the carpet. Mothers have read all the magazine articles they could find, but fathers, on the whole, have as yet been too

occupied to spend any time in study. The sport magazine, mechanics, and others are far more diverting for them, so the children

have been left in the mother's hands. That, too, has had its effect

upon the mother heart and its glory. Woman wants man to be

interested in his offspring, vitally interested. For it is only as he

can see the glory of childhood that he can realize that it is an honor to be a parent. Perhaps fathers could spend a little more time with

May. 1929578 IMPROVEMENT ERA

their children, understand them, teach them, enjoy them. Just the

other day a man said, "I'll be glad when my son is off my hands;"

and his wife said to me, "I hope you never have a daughter, they're too big a problem these days."With that attitude toward children,

how can the glory of motherhood live? How can marriage be regarded as sacred? How can home be the happiest spot on earth?

How can a nation be strong morally and spiritually? How can

America lead the world?

So it is largely in the hands of the young manhood of the nation to save the stability of the home by sustaining the glory of motherhood. Sentiment can and should be cultivated against any debauchery of maternity. A sentiment ennobling every phase of home life

should be encouraged. Educational institutions do very little toward creating an interest in home life. Churches have recently seen

the need and have partly come to the rescue. But the home always

has been and very likely always will be the source of sentiment, and hence it falls again to the lot of parents to glorify motherhood and fatherhood, so that eventually the ideal of young people of both sexes will be to have a family of which they and the state and nation can well be proud.

To My Mother Infinite tenderness in your dear hands,

Infinite love in your eyes, Kindness divine in your heart. Mother dear,

Stilling a wee baby's cries,

Guiding our faltering footsteps aright.

Comforting hearts sore in pain,

Cheering us when we are deep in despair,

Giving us courage again.

Teaching us purity, goodness and truth

Through your example, dear heart.

Always forgetful of self, Mother dear,

Doing e'er more than your part!

Small wonder poets and men e'er have said, "Mothers are near to divine!"

Oh, may God bless you and keep you, I pray,

Happy always. Mother mine!

Nona H. Brown

Gain Health and Power from the Sun

By Elizabeth Cannon Porter "Search thou for sunlight and health is there."Persian Proverb.

Sunlight is the greatest of health tanning, transforms the ultraviolet restoratives, the most efficacious of into red rays, which penetrate clear antiseptics. The farmer and his famthrough the body."Their healing

ily are rich in sunlight. In large cities effect it unerring.

sun and space are bought only at great Columbia University has discovered expense. that sunlight controls the chemistry of

The sun keeps the farmer's family the blood. The discovery was conhealthy, his house wholesome, his firmed at the Home for Hebrew Inanimals thrifty, his stables sanitary. fants, New York, where the summer

It kills disease germs and makes his sun increased phosphates, lime, and crops grow. Wherever the sunlight iron in the blood. It has also been

penetrates it disinfects; germs grow in found that some poisons that are

the dark and dampness. fatal during the dark months, are reHouses should have many windows. sisted by the system in summer.

Bed clothes should be exposed to the To Denmark and Switzerland the sun. The best way to clean rugs and world owes a debt of gratitude, for it

carpets is by exposure to the sun. was the Danes and Swiss in modern

Cellargrown vegetables are times who discovered and demonblanched. Men long in deep mines strated the curative power of the sun,

become pale and sick. Sunlight brings although both Esculapius and Zoroback the throb of life once more. aster are reported to have practiced

Hippocrates, father of medicine, had the sun cure anciently. These nations

a sunlight temple on the island of have built institutes that have revoluCos, where sunlight and music were tionized the treatment of numerous his medicaments, with "water externdiseases.

ally, internally, eternally."He knew At Leysin the suncure institutes or

the secret of the ages, that sunlight is clinics that were started in 1903 have the source of life, an infinite reservoir an average of 1000 patients at all of energy. seasons. The skin absorbs the sun's

Dr. C. W. Saleeby of London in rays, after which bronchitis, rheuma

his Sunlight and Health describes the tism, tuberculosis, and colds in many magic power of Doctor Sun, the cases quickly vanish.

world's oldest and best physician: Dr. Roget claims that sunlight tends

"Water baths are good, air baths to prevent septic processes in wounds are good, but sun baths are the best and sores. Sunlight, if continuous,

of all,"says he, "because of the starts new cell activity, following antiseptic and stimulative effect of which diseased tissues fall off. Light

light. Blood on its way to the skin, awakens the cells until they gain

whipped under the stimulus of heliopower to resist disease.

therapy, rushes through the muscles, Rickets, born in darkness, is now massaging them and giving them cured by sunlight, as are many other strength."He adds that sun mediailments. Sunlight will kill smallpox

cine is revolutionizing medicine and and anthrax germs.

surgery the world over. The sun's rays, properly directed,

Rollier says: "Pigmentation, or are gradually eliminating the knife in

580 IMPROVEMENT ERA May, 1929

such diseases as surgical tuberculosis. culture reports that range cattle are

"The specific warming of the blood nontubercular. Sunlight prevents

in sunlight destroys diphtheria toxin,"tuberculosis in cattle even in the cold declares Dr. Carl Sonne. Sunlight is Northwestern states.

a masseur and has the same buildingCows fed in the sun produce more up effect that exercise has on the calcium and phosphorus than are promuscles. duced by cows fed in the shade. The

Robust children, vigorous men and sunlight acts on both cows and fodwomen gain immunity from disease der. The best milk is produced in the

because they dwell in sunlight and sunlight.

sterilized air. Those who are ill and Egg production is likewise increasedweak quickly realize that it is the sunlight and air that start new cell activity by sunlight as poultrymen know.

and bring the bloom of health to the Truly "the sun is the oldest and feeble and the discouraged. best doctor, the eternal fountain

The U. S. Department of Agriwhence life and health forever flow."

The Unmailed Letter By Pearl Spencer Dear Father: been. How could we? I used to

We had a peach of a chapel address wonder sometimes if you ever were today, "The Education I Wish I one or;not. And though you were

Might Have Had."It made us think. never really "cross"with any one of

And I'm going to break loose, too, us, did you ever notice how we used

Dad, and tell you about some memto keep glancing at you, to see whether ories which some fellows have, but our laughing was too loud or if our which I haven't. romping was disturbing your reading?

I wish, Dad, that I could remember Can you understand why we used to one Fourth of July, or one county draw a breath of relief when you went fair, or one canyon trip when you had upstairs to bed and we had a few quit your work and come along with minutes of real freedom before mother us kids. We used to feel guilty going bundled us off, too?

at first. We got Sunday when we all went to churchoffhome—especiallyand leaving you grinding away at I wish I could remember just one

rather used to it as a matter of course in the old buggy, instead of us boys after awhile. And that's the worst of going in the morning alone, and you

it, you know. Our selfishness soon and mother always in the afternoon.

ceased to shame us. I used to think Sunday School was a

I wish that I could remember one place from which big folks were exevening when you had left your newsempt by reason of their superiority.

paper and big chair by the table lamp I wish I could remember one season and had come over and listened to us when you had planned the farm work read, or sung with us, or told us stories with us, or even any small part of it, of the things you must have done instead of simply telling us each mornwhen jyou were a youngster. You ing what that day's work would be.

know, we really never knew very You can't imagine how we rebelled at much about what kind of boy you'd that, the work itself, as you Dad—not

May, 1919 THE UNMAILED LETTER 581

supposed when we did muster up Please don't think I'm blaming you.

enough courage to complain, but at the No man could ever have worked drabness of never seeing the end which harder for his family, or thought more you had in view or your reasons for of their future, or been prouder of anything. You could have made us them. Don't think I'm not rememlove the farm, I believe. Of course bering all that your generosity has

you made it pay, so that we were able made possible for me. No one could

to see the results of our work; but have taught us better how to work, or

we never knew just how they came set us such an example of honesty, and about and felt like cogs in a machine. industry, and cleanliving. You just

I wish, above all else, that I might didn't know that we needed a lot of remember just one talk in which we things you had with you all the time, discussed together the problems that more than we needed many of the trouble every adolescent boy and which material things you toiled so to proare so hard for him to solve alone. vide. You just didn't see, I know,

You have always been so superbly that though we might make money for clean yourself that I know your viewourselves for long after you were gone, point would have been as a great light we never could make for ourselves the sweeping through a fog. I esteemed memories of you that might have

you as the most pureminded man I mellowed and enriched our lives forknew, and that was a vast help to ever. You couldn't have been better

me, and yet I had to pick the facts I to father surely, us—no could—but

learned about life haphazardly from Dad, surely, you could have been inany source I could. And you surely finitely nearer.

know what that means, though I used

Your loving son,to wonder if you did. I've come

through clean, so far, Dad, and I beBruce.

lieve I'm on pretty solid ground by now; but couldn't I'd P. S. I can't send this, Dad. After you—surely

have let made the going a you—have all these years you wouldn't underlittle safer and surer for me.''I shudder stand. But I wish you knew that I'dwhen I think of the chances we were

years at College, gladly, of losing your boy, and give my fourrunning—you I of losing myself. if you only could.

Unrest

When I am satisfied with things that go,

And write "Content"as finis to my day,

When I no longer yearn. I shall not know

The bigness of unrest along my way.

The tossing oak takes tether from the storm.

The restive rain enlivens field and sod,

From lash of wave the beetling crag takes form 'Tis man's unrest that reaches out to God!

Mesa, Arizona BERTHA A. KLEINMAN

1*1 mmba Vitt".111

'V 1 C

T--- a i =;1

"**? A'&JLrfel ',? * ji(H|'%*: jl IT.

MMfe. w "***** '*WBI

Los Angeles "Stake Center."

a

The Los Angeles Stake Center By R. E. Caldwell

south and east about five miles from the center of LosGOING Angeles, to Middleton Street near Zoe in Huntington Park, one arrives at the Los Angeles Stake Center, standing out from its harmonious feature to be environment—a remarked—

building and grounds of appealing beauty.

The building is of the Spanish type of architecture, done in frame and stucco of a grayish buff with the slightest, though discernible, tint of green. Its heavy redtile roof and sturdy understructure suggests the strength of its foundations and knits it appropriately to earth.

Located on spacious grounds, the structure is in plan U-shaped, following approximately the perimeter of the property on three sides and enclosing within the U a patio of liberal proportions. Taken

with the Huntington Park ward chapel, with which it is connected, under cover, by wide corridors and interesting stairways, it presents to the street a frontage of nearly three hundred feet.

The facilities consist principally of a commodious vestibule, an expansive lounge, a large auditorium or social room, including stage or choir loft, classrooms and other rooms such as council chambers, club room, office, rest rooms and sundry conveniences for carrying on the work of a stake of the Church in all its aspects. In all,

twentyfive departments can be housed in separate rooms for private instruction or work.

The Center is intended to be utilitarian first; but it is also said

to be aesthetic in its modest appointments. The general requirements are to furnish facilities for stake conferences, departmental

work of the auxiliary organizations, accommodations for stake authorities, bishops'meetings, stake priesthood activities, genealogical work, social contacts, and entertainments.

It has been variously called "Stake House,""Stake Hall,""Stake Auditorium,""Stake Home,"and "Stake Center."The

people of the neighborhood regard it as a "Mormon"edifice of semisacred nature which is worthy of all respect. Growing up

about it are some of the finest of traditions emanating from religious and social contacts of the finer sort.

A wall which divides the street from the patio gives to the whole premises a semiprivacy; and, at the same time, an atmosphere of a dignified welcome to all respectful visitors has been

. iw584 IMPROVEMENT ERA m v

achieved. In the center of the patio, where an attractive fountain

is erected, are wide flagstone walks trimmed with brightred brick with moss showing through the joints, lending fine color contrasts and a feeling of tradition transplanted. The fountain is of resplendent varicolored tile of blue, green, white, red, russet and

purple. The colors and sheen of the tile are much heightened and enhanced by the spray which plays perpetually over them and falls

into a pool, fashioned for water plants and gold fish at the base.

About the fountain are scores of varieties of flowering and other plants and shrubs. Six hundred fifty plants were furnished free and

planted gratis by the lone hands of the donor. Interspersed among

the flowering plants are palms, Italian cypress, cane clusters and banana plants, while hedges of boxwood, veronica and green privet furnish the borders.

The entrance vestibule is floored with selected deepred Spanish tile, slightly warped, bordered with highly ornamental Batchelder tile in brilliant hues with verdigris and red predominating in shaded contrast. The ceiling carries deep heavy beams decorated in conventional designs with rich but subdued colors and the three lunettes above the entrance doors are graced by murals of quality taken

from Utah scenery and symbolizing the entrance of the Pioneers into Utah and the difficulties which beset their way on their long trek from the Mississippi to the Rockies. These murals do not arouse

sympathy but are a challenge to strong, vigorous manhood.

Rising by two steps, which extend across the vestibule, and passing between art stone columns joined by three arches, one enters the lounge. This room, besides being what its name implies, serves

many purposes and is perhaps the most useful as well as the most ornamental room in the building.

The mantel with its fireplace never escapes attention. With its

heavy andirons, in Spanish, scrolled and wrought of hammered malleable metal, played upon by the cheer of a lively wood fire on a cool evening, it sends out a sensation of comfort and "all's-wellwith-theworld"that can be felt by the least impressionable.

Continuing through the lounge from the vestibule, the auditorium or social hall is entered through draped openings fitted with three pair of doubleacting doors. Here is a room fiftyfour feet

wide by one hundred twentyeight feet long, twentyeight feet of which is taken from the end lying apart from the lounge and fashioned into a combined and commodious stage and choir loft.

Surrounding the auditorium is a wainscot of redwood boards on end, in random widths, set in a base and an appropriate mould at three and onehalf feet from the floor. Above the wainscot,

covering the walls and the open ceiling above the trusses, is an acousMay, 1929 THE LOS ANGELES STAKE CENTER 585

tical plaster of rough and fibrous texture applied on the walls in a raised, irregular pattern, producing the effect of shimmering lines running from the wainscot to the square.

The ceiling is lightly tinted in green and gold and the walls are in decided tone, merging from rather a dark brown into a bright burnt orange, sparingly sprayed with light mulberry. The wainscot

is dark, with a glint of a rich reddish purple visible in a strong light by night or by day, and the decorative scheme culminates in the "Mormonesque,"symbolized by the Beehive which occupies the central position on the truss chords.

The stage is without the regular stage loft, hence no bats or cobwebs. In general the stage finish is in keeping with the main

auditorium but contrasted on the walls of the stage by the use of a decidedly mulberry tint.

Plumcolored front curtains of rich, soft velour, falling in deep folds from arch to floor and lightly decorated with burnt orange and soft bluegray at the center and bottom edges, fall into the decoration scheme with pleasing accord.

The north wing of the building is across the patio from the wing comprising the lounge and the vestibule and forms the remaining side of the U-plan. It is entered from the patio, from the auditorium or from the anteroom of the stage into a communicating

corridor.

On the first floor of the north wing are classrooms, ladies'rest room, men's club room, closets and conveniences. On the second

floor are the stake office, two stake presidency and high council chambers, classrooms, closets, etc. The classrooms are provided

with blackboards and other classroom equipment.

These rooms and the auditorium are furnished with portable seats. Those in the auditorium are of bronzed metal, and upholstered to match in color. When fully seated, the regular rows

of the goodlooking chairs make a pleasing appearance and the dominating appeal in this room, when seated, is that of comfort and pleasant anticipation.

The lighting installation comprises more than thirty thousand watts. The equipment is suited to respective locations, being ornamental, practical and durable, as service dictates.

The street lights at the entrance are of the lantern type in grill metal work and amber glass and the vestibule is lighted by an ornamental piece elongated vertically with ornamental candle sockets behind clear glass. The lounge is profusely lighted with four chandeliers in hammered wrought iron, augmented by mantel brackets of

two lights each, four lamps under decoration shades and two table

May, 1929 586 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lamps under colored shades on heavy antique pottery bases. Art

screens of extra charm are grouped effectively with the light effects as fancy may suggest.

The auditorium is lighted from fourteen heavy fixtures of flat drum type in heavy metal, bottomed under the light units with amber glass flooding the ornamental trusses and ceiling with strong light which indirectly fills the room with soft, mellow illumination.

Through a rheostat and by means of an elaborately equipped panel, these lights, as well as the foot and border lights of the stage, are dimmed or brightened at whim. The choir loft is lighted secondarily

from brackets set about the walls at an optimum height.

The north wing is well lighted from fixtures of the useful sort. About the patio, on the building, are numerous bracket lights

illuminating the flagstone walks. The fountain and whole patio

with shrubs and flowers are bathed in mellow white light from two highpowered flood lights, playing from high on the corners of the two wings of the building. While the moon is not obsolete here,

it is scarcely more romantic than this patio on the darkest night, when fully illumined, from bracket and flood lights, with the veranda open to the refreshing outdoors.

"Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and

harmony with all. Religion and morality enjoin this conduct. And can it be

that good policy does not equally enjoin it? It will be worthy of a free, enlightened, and at no distant period a great nation to give to mankind the magnanimous and too novel example of a people always guided by an exalted justice

and benevolence. Who can doubt that in the course of time and things the

fruit of such a plan would richly repay any temporary advantages which might be lost by a steady adherence to it? Can it be that Providence has not connected

the permanent felicity of a nation with its virtue? The experiment, at least,

is recommended by every sentiment which ennobles human nature. Alas!

is it rendered impossible by its vices?"George Washington.

Let us never forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. Man may be civilized in some degree without great progress

in manufactures and with little commerce with his distant neighbors. But

without the cultivation of the earth, he is, in all countries, a savage. Until he

gives up the chase, and fixes himself in some place, and seeks a living from the earth, he is a roaming barbarian. When tillage begins, other arts follow. The

farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. Daniel Webster.

There are few delights in any life so high and rare as the subtle and strong delight of sovereign art and poetry; there are none more pure and more sublime.

To have read the greatest works of any great poet, to have beheld or heard the greatest works of any great painter, or musician, is a possession added to the best things of life. Swinburne.

The Soul of John Dillon SecondPrize Story, by Charles F. Steele

John Dillon looked up from his "Mr. Dillon, I don't understand

morning's mail with a frown. He was this—I—

fingering nervously the stack of letters "You should. I think I made myand it was plainly evident that this self clear, Bradley."

untimely interruption by one of the There was a strange note of defiance accountants was annoying. in Blaine Bradley's answer to this curt

"Well, what is it, Bradley?"he observation and yet his words were

asked with emphasis. not lacking in dignity.

"One of my kiddies has the 'flu'"You were clear, Mr. Dillon, and

this morning, Mr. Dillon. He's run- I think I understand you. Yes, I unning a fever; we fear pneumonia."derstand you better this morning than

on."I have ever done. Your real self "Yes—go "I was wondering if I could get off your been revealed."soul—has

for the day. Mrs. Bradley is not well "Be careful, Bradley. I want no inherself, and I am really afraid to leave solence."

her alone with the boy.""I do not wish to be rude or unfair,

"This would make the third day off but sometimes it is necessary to be outin as many weeks, Bradley."spoken. I know you are a power in

I "I know that and I regret it, but business, that you are a rich man.

in polit is this epidemic. Few homes have know you stand on the inside

itics and high in the Church. In aescaped. We are pretty well up in the

office and Mr. Johnson says they can word, you are a big man to the public

get along nicely today. Then, Mr. but not so big to the men who work

Dillon, I need not remind you that I for you, sir."

criedhave worked for you for fifteen years "Bradley, you're mad—I—"

with very little time off. Fifteen years John Dillon springing to his feet.

I have hesitatedis a long time, Mr. Dillon.""I am not mad.

about saying a few things for a long There was a look of thoughtful inIt is out now andquiry in the eyes of Blaine Bradley time, Mr. Dillon.

what I have said I mean. You haveas he said this. He did not have to

childwait long for an answer. tried to browbeat me, with my

in bed critically ill. You have tried to "We can't spare you—today. It's bully me, but it can't be done. It is

impossible; out of the question. Comshort ofing to the point, Bradley, I might as hypocrisy—nothing it—and I hate it. You are the Levite in thewell tell you now that I am tired of garb of the Samaritan. Now I amthis eternal asking for days off. It is through. If you care to replace me

getting beyond all reason and I'm deyou may do so."

termined to put a stop to it all along The door shut behind the accountthe line."ant, and resuming his seat at his desk

"But my family need me, Mr. John Dillon turned slowly to his mail.

Dillon,"reminded the younger man. It was chilly and quiet in the simply

"True, they need you. But they furnished office and heavy shades kept

need you at your work here, taking out much of the spring sunlight.

care of the job that means bread and Sounds from the street filtered through butter to them. Don't forget that the windows in muffled waves, the

point."clap, clap of a delivery horse on the

May. 1929588 IMPROVEMENT ERA

paving; the throbbing and shrieking of to give any time to me, although I have

motor cars and trucks; the distant rumoften wanted to pal a little with you.

ble of a streetcar; the shouts of chilYou either have a business engagedren playing ball in a vacant lot across ment or a book or magazine to read

the avenue. for hours at a stretch. No, dad, it

"The Levite in the garb of the Sadoesn't ring true and I'm going to run maritan."my own show in my own way and

This is what John Dillon repeated that's that. Remember the old book

to himself half an hour later as he of Bible stories that you and mumsy sat with much of his mail in front of gave me when I was birthten—my

him still unopened. His hands, day? Well, there was a story in there

clasped tightly together, were lying on I have never forgotten. You must

the desk and his finely cut face, here know it, dad, the story of the Levite and there lined a little from years of and the Samaritan. I am reminded of

business strain, wore the faintest hint it right now. For you and a lot of

of a cloud. There was an atmosphere other dads are like that. You are the

of loneliness, of futility about the still Levite posing as the Samaritan. There

and solemn figure. now, I've said it—goodbye!""The Levite in the garb of the SaThat is what Bud had said, said to

maritan."his face; Bud, his own flesh and blood;

it he had rushed from the The words continued to pound and with street. And nowthrough the soul of John Dillon. house and down the

Strange! This was the second time Bradley, one of his oldest employees,

it. Bradley, after fifteenthat morning he had heard the accuhad repeated

sation and the first instance harrassed years! And he had done right by

him quite as much as did the second, Bradley as he had by Bud. What an

perhaps more. For the first rebuke had age to live in! What madness! Peocome from his own Dillon. ple had lost all sense of proportion son—BudThe boy had hurled the charge at the and respect for authority. This was

close of another of the many stormy open rebellion, a menace of the most "scenes"father and son had had in dangerous type.

recent months. And the father re- "The Levite in the garb of the Sacalled the words vividly as he sat at maritan!"

his desk, with stocks and bonds and The face of the man of business this challengecredits for the moment forgotten. changed. To bend to

"Dad,"Bud had cried, "you don't would be fatal to business, to the practice what you preach. You are church, the home, and every other

constantly nagging at me because I foundational institution of society. It

don't go to church every Sunday. You spelt national decay. It was not more

never miss a know that freedom that youth needed but less service—Ibut lots of times you play bridge afof it. Restraint had been thrown to

it reterwards. Well, I don't do that. I the winds in this jazz age, and

have a much better way of spending mained for the saner people to apply my Sundays, but we won't talk about the brakes. Thus reasoned John Dilit. You say you find a relaxation in lon and reaching a decision he straightbridge. Isn't that just an excuse, ened up in his chair, adjusted his glasses

dad? Again, you drive me mad with and attacked his waiting mail with

lectures, but how often do you ask almost feverish vigor.

me to go to church or anywhere else And the noises of the busy world with you? You raise a row if I go world of spring sights outside—the

out nights and if I stay home I never and to him through sounds—drifted

see you. Why? I needn't tell you, the shaded windows.

but I will. You are always too busy The telephone bell rang as John

May, 1929 THE SOUL OF JOHN DILLON 589

Dillon slipped his envelope opener he let it pass and his voice was steady along the edge of the last piece of mail. when he replied.

"Hello!"he spoke into the 'phone. "Mr. Charles Humphreys said you

He was"Oh, hello, might give me a ride—home. Charlie—yes—yes—I'm

was Why, yes, of course, Charlie; best, but he had a tough job—it—boy?driving to Lakeside today. A friend? my lawyer, you know, and did his

send him along now for I'll be a frameup, sir."

leaving in twenty minutes, and I "The old story, Brent, the old don't want to be delayed. Consolistory! A frameup! It's always

dated Copper? Looks very good right a frameup when 'flashing youth'gets

now, is optimistic nabbed in some wild escapade."Charlie—Babson

about all the metals, especially copper "Mr. Dillon, I was innocent. buy I consider at $37.50. They——firstrate

So long, Charlie, see you tonight at "Oh, it's all right, Brent, I'll drive the Bond club dinner."you to Lakeside, but Charlie HumFifteen minutes later a youth of phreys had his nerve. A frameup.

probably twenty years was shown into You'd better get another alibi for your

I knewthe office of the lumber magnate. He father if I remember him, and

wore a worn tweed suit of last year's Fred Brent pretty well in the old days.

as amodel and carried a hat similarly anHe was always straight, but hard tiquated. The young man's coat did nail,"John Dillon mused reminiscentnot conceal the pair of wellpropor- ly gazing across his desk.

was hard, very hard.tioned shoulders that impressed John "Yes—dad

now, died while they hadDillon the moment he eyed his exHe's—dead

pected traveling companion. me inside."

The boy's head dropped. "You are on time. I like that,""You might well drop your head,said the business man. Then: "We'll

young man. Probably killed yourbe leaving in five minutes. Will you

life. Younot sit down?"father and ruined your own

young fellows nowadays are without "Thank you, sir, but if you don't natural affection. You have no conmind I'll wait in front of the buildsideration, no feeling for your parents.

ing. It seems good to be outside this You are bold and demanding. But

morning."come along, we are wasting time."

"Very well. By the way, you did "Thank you, sir, I'm in a hurry,

Brent."er's birthday today and I want to surnot"Brent—Lioneltell me your name."too. You see it happens to be mothThere was a pause in which the face prise her. She doesn't know I'm out."

are not Fred coat, wheeled about on his heel.of "Brent—Brent—YouJohn Dillon was a study. John Dillon, reaching for his topBrent's boy, are you?""Your mother is living then, is she?

"Yes, sir."Almost a pity. Fine little woman,

"Let's see, didn't you get into a your mother. I feel for her, Brent."

jail if I remember corlon, and believes in me and wants me term—scrapetheft—aof some sort? Sent down for "But mother understands, Mr. Dilrectly?"to return home and make good."

"Yes, sir, I was released only this "I hope you do, young man. but I

morning."must confess that my faith in modern

John Dillon studied the youth crityouth has about reached the vanishing ically then said: "And you come to point."

my office with the smell of the cells With this confession the business still clinging to you."man led the way to the automobile

The boy flushed at this thrust but standing at the curb in front of the

May. 1929590 IMPROVEMENT ERA

entrance to the towering Dillon derness, of understanding in the word

Building. dropped by the man at the wheel. And

The car rolled luxuriously over the it did not miss the youth, hungry for hardsurfaced highway and the spring kindness.

air swept the faces of the pair in the "Thanks, Mr. Dillon."

front seat with exhilarating keen- "For what?"

ness. The smell of growing things "You called me Lionel, sir, and it

came to them through the lowered sounded—good."window of the car. The early wild John Dillon moved uneasily in his

flowers were bursting their buds along seat but made no reply.

the roadway; the tender grass showed Later, however, he renewed the congreen in the meadows; the leaves were versation by repeating a former quesagain clothing the trees; and the chiltion: "Did you have many callers,

dren were loitering along the way to Lionel?"

school. Spring it was with all its "Not many, Mr. Dillon, the world

message of new hope, new courage, pretty much forgets the chaps—inside.

realnew life! The Salvation Army captain—a

"Nice day,"said John Dillon crispevery week, rain or shine. man—came

ly as the car gracefully took a curve. Our bishop came mother. once—with

"Glorious!"exclaimed the young Mother visited me three times after

man at his side. The youth's face that—alone."

was now eager and alert, and his eyes "Your he see you before father—didsparkled. "You can't realize just how he died?"

glorious it all is to me. These fields, "No. Father was hard, as you said,

these trees, these mountains! Everyand when I got into this scrape hething is wonderful to one who has

been—inside."droppedhis sicknessme.thatI madetried himto thinklike heit was,was

"But they were good to you, weren't sir. He died of a heart attack six

they, Brent?"months after they sent me down."

"Yes, and I'm not complaining, sir. "Did anyone else call, Lionel?"

The warden was white, but some of friend. I played basket- "Yes—athe guards were tough. They let us ball against him in our high school

play baseball and gave us a movie days. One time I tripped him and he

once in a while, and the meals were missed a pass that meant much but he decent. But it was prison, sir, the said nothing and came back smiling.

dark, little cells, the bare walls, the I was ashamed and gave him my apoltramp of the guards, the monotony of ogy. Well, we became buddies after

it long, weary days and weeks all—the that, although we didn't see a great

and months. It's terrible to a boy, deal of each other. Yes, he came to

Mr. Dillon, and I hope they'll make it see me every two weeks without fail,

a bit brighter for the chaps some day. usually on Sunday. He brought fruit

They're not all bad, you know."or candy and always some fresh magThere was another pause. azines and newspapers, and often some

"How long were you in?"asked writing material. And best of all, he

John Dillon, after he had steered the brought the news of the town and car through one of the many pleasant state, especially college sports. Gee, a

hamlets along the road to Lakeside. fellow inside gets hungry for news! It

"A year."was mother and Bud who helped me

"A year. That is a long time. Did keep up my courage, to keep my chin

you have many visitors in that time, up, Mr. Dillon. Bud said I could

Lionel?"still make good in business, that if a

Lionel! There was a touch of tenfellow could 'hit the ball'there would

591May, 1919 THE SOUL OF JOHN DILLON

be no questions asked. I hope he's "You'll soon be home now,"said

right."John Dillon, as the machine passed

John Dillon's face wore a puzzled scenes familiar to both.

sir. I've look and when he spoke again there "Yes, it's minutes now,

was a new mellowness in his voice. longed for this hour, Mr. Dillon."

"Lionel, you said your friend's "I've just been thinking, Lionel, name was Bud."that you'll be needing a job soon."

"Yes, sir.""Yes, Mr. Dillon, I'm going to look

I don't want moth- "And his last name?"for work at once.

"Dillon."er to have to worry any more. It has

her. for hard Do you boy?"been my think—do "Not Bud Dillon—not said is true think you what Bud should "Yes, son and you sir, your

be mighty proud of him, Mr. Dillon, that if a fellow could 'hit the ball'they

won't hold his past against him? Do because Bud's genuine right through,"

you think he's right, Mr. Dillon? said Lionel Brent warmly.

You should know."John Dillon's hand tightened on

the wheel and his face was white. "Yes, Lionel, Bud was right. He's

still "The Levite in the garb of the Sabeen right all along. You can

make good. It's up to you."maritan!"

"Mr. Dillon, it's great to hear you The words, etched as it seemed in

I'd like to go to fire, were again mocking him. For a say that. You know,

work tomorrow."moment he dared not, could not trust

"You would?"laughed John Dilhis voice to answer. Then with an

The enthusiasm of the young effort that gave his troubled soul relon.

was contagious. man

! 'lief he exclaimed:

'"I am proud of him, Lionel, and 'Yes—tomorrow "No, Lionel, don't go to work tograteful."

morrow. Spend a full day with your it moved The car picked up speed as mother, you'll both enjoy it. But over the smooth highway. The sun come to our office the day after. Rewas now bathing the mountains and We have a place valleys in a flood of warmth. The port at eight o'clock.

for you on our staff; there is a promosky was clear and radiant.

tion due one of our older men.""A glorious day, Lionel, my boy!""Why. Mr. stamDillon—I—"said John Dillon. mered Lionel Brent.

"It's heaven to me, Mr. Dillon.""That's all right, Lionel. I think

Then: "But they say there's a lot of you'll fit into our organization and

'flu'around again; I hope mother is then I have a notion that Bud will be

well."This the boy said with anxiety glad to have you around. Rememin his voice. ber, eight o'clock sharp. I like punc-

"I understand there is some 'flu,'but tuality."

somehow I think your mother will be "I'll be there at eight, Mr. Dillon."

well and waiting for you as you said. "I know you will,"replied John

Mothers are like that, Lionel."Dillon, as the automobile slowed up in

Another mile brought them to the front of the Brent cottage.

outskirts of Lakeside. And he was.

"Nothing is easier than faultfinding; no talent, no selfdenial, no brains,

character are required to set up in the grumbling business."Robert West.

"The ruin of most men dates from some idle moment."Hillard.

Messages from the Missions A New District in the Far North

District President Rodney B. Ashby sends us the following report f rom

Prince Rupert, Alaska:

Early in December, 1928, President this section. The city is located on

Sloan, of the Northwestern States one of the best deepwater harbors on mission, organized a new district to this coast. Fishing is one of the imbe called the South Alaska. It emportant industies, and Prince Rupert

braces the northern part of British boasts of having the largest cold

Columbia and storage plant, the southern part used exclusively of Alaska. Four for fish, in the

*:: '"*fl world. It has aelders, Wallace

K. Everton, of capacity of 14,-

Logan, L. Del000,000 lbs.

bert Bodily, of Era readers Preston, Idaho, will doubtless be

Paul E. Warnick surprised to learn

of Provo, and I that, although left Vancouver, we are so far:B. C, December north, 54 degrees

10th for Prince north latitude,

Rupert, located the weather here 482 miles north, has not been on the Kaien Isnearly so severe 1 """I land. It is a as that of Utah.

pleasant ride, as Five degree abovesteamers follow I l*BM zero was our an inland chancoldest weather nel prowmiM*—well 7.7

<*, m We hadtected the from inches of rainfall ocean.

We had the in January.

the mornprofitable expeOn rience at Ocean ing of December

Falls of visiting 14, shortly after some of the largIndian Totem pole. Prince Rupert. Alaska our arrival, we

est paper mills in the world, and proceeded to a hill overlooking the were shown how logs are ground into city and surrounding country and pulp and then transformed into paper there sang and prayed, after which we of various texture, heavy and coarse dedicated the city and the district for as well as the finest tissue. the preaching of the Gospel and inPrince Rupert has a population of voked divine blessings upon our

about 6,000, composed mostly of humble efforts. All government, city

English, Canadian and Scandinavian. and church officials have been visited.

There are also many Indian tribes in Calls have been made on every home

May. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSION 593

as well as on all professional, business alarming sounds at night. Voices

and school people, and the treatment seemed to be calling Gumla-Gidus, accorded us has been most courteous. and he, unable longer to endure the

The Indian totem pole by which I torment, armed himself with a tomaam standing in the picture is one of hawk and sallied forth into the many hundreds found here among the darkness.

Indians. It is supposed that these InAt last he came to a large white

dians came from the Orient, and it is wolf which was in great pain from claimed by some students that they rethe bone of a deer which had lodged semble the Chinese and Japanese. in his jaw and which he was unable

The legend of the totem pole is to remove. The chief, after having

that Chief Gumla-Gidus of the Neshsecured a promise from the wolf not ga tribe lived with his people in to injure him, removed the bone and

Yukon, on the Naas river. They were they became great friends. Each year

driven by the lava from a nearby volthereafter the wolf killed a deer and cano into the hills, where each night brought it to his benefactor. Later

they heard strange sounds. Overcome Gumla-Gidus longed for the country

with fear, they fled to the headwaters where the white salmon spawn and of the Sken river and in the springwent north again. He adopted the

time followed it down until they came white wolf as the crest of his tribe's to the Kheran, now called Kaien Istotem pole. This pole was discovered

land on which Prince Rupert is built. later in the Indian village and brought

Here again they were disturbed by to Prince Rupert and preserved.

Elders Wallace K. Everton. Paul E.

warnick and l. delbert bodily at President Rodney B. Ashby and Totem Pole

Prince Rupert, Alaska May. 1929594 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Opening of New L. D. S. Chapel at Portland, Oregon

Sister Marian Gardner sends us the Church and its people. His words

following: The opening of the new have already appeared in the Era, but

Latterday Saint chapel at Portland, they are worth reprinting: "It is my

Oregon, held February 15, 16, and thought that the spiritual materializes 1 7, was an epoch in the forward itself in this great House of God. This

movement of the Church in the Northfoundation is faith; these walls are

western States mission. Much interest prayer; this sheltering roof is hope,

has been manifest in the creation of hope; its girders and—protecting

this building by members and friends cross beams are strength and unity; its

throughout the entire mission, and on floors are sacrifice and service. Its

Friday night, February 15, and the architectural beauty is love and joy of days following, the building was living."

thronged by delighted multitudes, who President Ivins, President Nibley, reverently but joyfully gathered to do President Clawson, and President homage in this new and beautiful Sloan, and others from among the building. local leaders, spoke with force and

Among those in attendance during inspiration, bearing earnest testimony the conference were President Anthony to the divinity of the Church.

W. Ivins, and President Charles W. The auxiliary organizations and the

Nibley, of the First Presidency, who missionaries also contributed to the came from Salt Lake City to be pressuccess of the threeday opening. The

ent on this occasion, and Elder Rudger Sunday School conference, including

Clawson, President of the Quorum of the eight Portland Sunday Schools, the Twelve, who had been touring the Sunday morning; the Book of MorNorthwest with Mission President mon pageant presented by the missionaries of Oregon district; the PrimaryWm. R. Sloan.

program and social, in which 391 chilThe building was decorated for the dren from the Portland Primaries, opening with floral offerings from the played, danced and sang; the M. I. A.

women of the Portland Relief Sosocial, at which was featured the Gold cieties, and friends of the Church. A and Green cotillion, were all events of

spirit of gratitude and thanksgiving interest.

prevailed. The music, beautifully ren- A missionary conference was alsodered by the choir, the ladies'chorus, held the morning of the 16th, at

the male chorus, and by some of the which ninetyfive missionaries, repremost talented musicians of the city, was senting the five districts closest to Portan expression of the joy in the hearts of land, were present.

those assembled. The new pipe organ The Relief Society meeting, heldalso added much to the charm of the Tuesday, the 19th, though not inoccasion. cluded in the formal opening of the

Thirteen hundred and fifty peochapel, was closely related to it, as it ple, including many friends and inincluded the six Relief Society organvestigators, were present at the first izations in Portland, and was the first session, filling the entire length of the meeting held in the Relief Society combined chapel and social hall, and rooms in the new building.

almost an equal number were in atLovely in every detail, this new tendance at the meetings held Sunday. building stands as a monument to the

Mr. Marshall N. Dana, associate Lord. It represents the toil and sacrieditor of the Portland Journal, who fice of many loyal hearts and is the

was one of the speakers at the opening embodiment of a dream to President session, paid kind tribute to the Sloan and Church leaders in Portland.

May. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSION 595

The Fishers and Hunters of Men

Sister Hazel Nelson, of the Eastern work in and around Ketterman, West

States mission, sends the following: Virginia. When one enters the

"And this Gospel of the kingdom "smoke holes,"one forgets for the time shall be preached in all the world being such convenient means of transfor a witness unto all nations; and portation as automobiles and street

then shall the end come."Matt. cars, and soon becomes convinced that

24:14. this is to be an endurance test in moun-

"Therefore, behold, the days come, tain climbing. Isolated indeed are the

saith the Lord, that it shall no more people living in these mountains. Elbe said, The Lord liveth, that brought ders, strong physically, as well as

up the children of Israel out of the spiritually, are needed for the work.

land of Egypt; but, The Lord liveth, One's nearest neighbor is generally

that brought up the children of Israel two or three miles away, or, to use from the land of the north, and from their language, "over the mountain

KETTERMAN, WEST VIRGINIA, SUNDAY SCHOOL all the lands whither he hath driven and through the holler."One dear old

them: and I will bring them again lady, with whom I became very

into their land that I gave unto their friendly, considers a tenmile climb fathers. Behold, I will send for many over hills barefoot, to hear the word

fishers, saith the Lord, and they shall of the Lord, a great privilege. Little

fish them; and after will I send for children are glad to walk several hours

many hunters, and they shall hunt just for the opportunity of coming to them from every mountain, and from Sunday School. Neither adverse weathevery hill, and out of the holes of er conditions nor distance interferes

the rocks."Jeremiah 16:1416. with the average person's attendance

With heavy walking boots, hiking at meetings. The people there are

trousers made for rough mountain eager to learn and, though backward wear and durable cotton shirts the eland shy, are progressing in a very ders equip themselves for missionary noticeable manner under the influence 596 IMPROVEMENT ERA May. I9Z9

of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Their they would be prompt in starting the

lives are void of the interests that most services. The average attendance at

people count as essentials. They are the second Sunday School is seventylearned in the arts of weaving and five. Twenty baptisms have recently

spinning. A man's own farm very been performed, with applications for

largely provides for all the needs of his many more.

family. They are a hardworking "Mormonism"is bringing joy into

and kind group of people. They the lives of these people. It is creating

have not had the advantages of edu- a higher standard of living. It is

cation but are recognizing in the Gosfurnishing ideals and goals to work pel brought to them by the servants towards. It is indeed fulfilling the

of the Lord opportunities for dewords of the Prophet Isaiah, "The velopment. Remarkable manifestameek also shall increase their joy in

tions of the power of God have frethe Lord, and the poor among men quently been given them and the shall rejoice in the Holy One of

Saints bear strong testimony to the Israel."(Isaiah 29:19.) Mountains

truth of the latterday work. and streams are proving difficulties but

Two Sunday Schools are held each not insurmountable barriers to the serSabbath day. The first begins at vants of the Lord. Glad tidings of

10:30 a. m. The average attendance great joy are now being published to

is sixtyfive. The next begins at 3:00 all the world. It matters not that

p. m. The time between 12:00 and people are far removed from centers

3:00 is spent by the elders in going of populations, the Lord in his own

from one meeting to the other, and time and manner will send forth the they cannot loiter along the way if message to his people.

Utah Scenes Shown in Germany It has been some time since an arattendance. The lecture was a big

ticle from faroff Koenigsberg, Gersuccess, as was manifested by the many, appeared in the Era. I therehearty applause given Brother Gaeth

fore submit a short account of the at the close of the evening. The follate conference held in this district, lowing day favorable reports appeared

also a picture of the missionaries. in the leading newspapers of the city,

The series of meetings proved to be allaying to a great extent the existing very successful and inspirational. Presprejudice against "Mormonism."

ident Hyrum W. Valentine and Sister The conference meetings were well

Valentine were in attendance, also attended, and most of the missionaries

Superintendent Arthur Gaeth and present were given the opportunity of

President Elmer Poulton of the Stettin bearing their testimonies to the truth district, together with all the elders of the Gospel message. President and

laboring in this vicinity. Sister Valentine delivered inspiring

An illustrated lecture on the subject, words of instruction and comfort, and "Utah, the Wonderland of America,"bore testimony of the restoration of was given by Brother Gaeth. A large the Gospel through the Prophet Joseph

hall had been procured for the lecture Smith. The total attendance at all

but proved inadequate for the large conference meetings, including the crowd of curious visitors. They packed lecture, was 2040. The Saints and

in until all available standing room missionaries were all elated over the had been taken, and then many, uninterest shown.

fortunately, were turned away. There The missionaries wish to extend

were between 950 and 1000 people in their thanks and express appreciation

May, 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSION 597

for the fine, instructive articles which Watkins, president of the Koenigsbergare appearing in the Era.—Meluin B. district.

Missionaries of Koenigsberg District

Back row, left to right: Rulon W. Rawson. Francis R. Gasser, Melvin O. Allen. Loraine

Whiteley, John R. Worlton, Edwin A. Bailey, Ashael Fairchild, Lowell Y. Morris. Heinrich Rubow. Middle row: Russel Brown, Elmer Poulton. president of the Stettin district;

Arthur Gaeth, superintendent of the Sunday Schools and M. I. A. organizations of the

mission; President Hyrum W. Valentine; Melvin B. Watkins, president of the Konigsberg

district. Front: Sister Rose E. Valentine, Edgar S. Hill.

Conference at Burnley, England

The first picture of the recently appouring of the spirit of the Lord.

pointed president of the British misTestimonies were borne with such sion is sent us, together with the fervor, and accompanied by so confollowing information, by Elder vincing a spirit, that the gathering

Howard J. Williams, president of the will not soon be forgotten. The

Liverpool district: A conference was Lord is warning the nations in lanheld at Burnley, Lancashire, which guage so plain that all should be able

was attended by President John A. to understand it. But how many

Widtsoe, of the European missions: there are who, "having ears, hear

Sister Leah D. Widtsoe, president of not!"

the European missions Relief Societies: Fortunately there are some who

and President A. William Lund, of have the spirit of discernment and

the British mission, and other elders. who know the truth when it is preThose present enjoyed a rich outsented to them.

598 IMPROVEMENT ERA May. 1929

Missionaries of the Burnley District

Front, left to right: Marlon S. Johnston. Teton City, Idaho; and Clarence V. Bigler,

Collinston, Utah. Middle row: William J. Matheson. Chicago, Illinois: Joseph S.

Savage, district president, St. George, Utah; A. William Lund, president of the British

mission; John A. Widtsoe. president of the European missions; Leah D. Widtsoe, president of the European missions Relief Societies; Howard J. Williams, district clerk, Salt

Lake City; Ernest A. Hall. Wellsville, Utah. Back row: Francis E. Stock, Waterflow,

New Mexico; William O. Tolman, Oakley, Idaho; Lester H. Belliston. Nephi, Utah;

Spencer; A. Harris, Layton, Utah; Edward E. Drury, Salt Lake City; John W. Southwick. (Manchester district). Lehi, Utah; Weston R. Clarke, president of the Newcastle

district. Logan, Utah; and Samuel Barber, Salt Lake City.

To Be A Scout

that's the thrill! To be a Scout—ah,

The age when boys cannot be still;

The time of life when all is gay;

When work is work and play is play.

what an aim! To be a Scout—oh,

To live a life; to play the game;

To do each day that kindly deed;

To help some worthy soul in need.

To be a Scout and hike along The mountain path and lilt a song.

To make a bed where winds have trod,

Makes man and boy both think of God.

Provo, Utah NORMAN GEERTSEN My Quest Once as I sat at my leisure, By the glow of the ev'ning fire,

I, with exuberant pleasure, Dreamed of my heart's fond desire.

the bright glowing embers Dreamed—and

Seemed, as they lay on the grate.

To form themselves into witches,

Into witches, servants of fate.

Dreamed that I stood by a river,

A river that frothed and boiled.

Around me, enraged, danced the witches;

At my feet was a serpent coiled.

Across the stream lay a treasure, 'Twas the prize; 'twas my heart's desire,

"Shall I stay,"thought I and wavered, "Be consumed by enemies'fire?"

"No! No! I'll fight till I conquer,

Hell shall not against me prevail."

I plunged in that frightful torrent,

And was tossed like a leaf in a gale.

I fought the torrent undaunted

And made for the opposite side,

Slow was my progress and tiresome,

In that gurgling, bubbling tide.

All strength and breath seemed to fail me,

Near blindness, my sight grew dim;

Must I die here in the torrent?

"No,"something prompted me, "swim!"

I roused myself from the stupor

And battled with increasing strength.

One thought, alone, was within me;

Fight on, I shall conquer at length.

Thereupon my foot touched bottom.

With glad and victorious shout,

I dragged myself from the water,

And fell down on the bank, worn out.

There by my side lay the treasure, 'Twas the prize, 'twas my heart's desire,

My joy was joy beyond measure,

Oh, thank God that I did not tire!

I woke from my dream, exultant.

Awoke from that turmoil and strife, "By this,"I said, "in the future,

I'll guide I'll direct my own life."

Ogden, Utah JOSEPH CLIFFORD GlBBY

The Gospel Down to Date To look into the faces of ten or and men, all of them nonmembers twelve thousand people is always inor indifferent Church members, listened teresting. Usually it is inspiring. Men intently.

of international importance frequentAltogether unnumbered thousands ly attend a general conference of the were thrilled by the President's inspired

Church. The beautiful music from message. None who listened could for

organ and choir, the unusual building, a moment doubt his knowledge that and more than all else the great crowds God and Jesus Christ live and that of people, gathered from most of the they appeared to the boy who asked in nations of the earth, have filled these faith for wisdom. He spoke "as one

visitors with wonder. They look having authority and not as the

upon faces which indicate high intelscribes."

lectual attainments, professional peoAs is usual in our general conferenple, university professors and sciences, many subjects were treated by the tists. About them, too, are men and various speakers. Tithing was touched

women from the common walks of upon, and cogent reasons given why we life. These visitors often express surshould be "honest with the Lord."

prise at the interest manifest by all who The practical value of the Word of attend. One man was heard to say, Wisdom, scripture reading, obedience

"The remarkable thing about the conto law and kindred subjects were disference is the simplicity of the counsel cussed. A graphic picture was painted

given which even an untrained mind of the dangers arising from laxity in can comprehend, and yet statements regard to the moral law. It was shown

sufficiently profound are made to enthat personal purity is an essential to gage the best intellects of the world."salvation. Mob violence, it was pointPresident Grant's succinct report of ed out, has failed to disturb or sericonditions, financial and otherwise, exously impede the growth of the

isting in the Church, given in his Church; hardships and privation of the

opening address, was heard with inmost disheartening kind have failed.

terest. His instructions and explanaThe people were admonished to see

tions imparted in the general Priestthat prosperity and forgetfulness do hood meeting were most timely. He not accomplish what persecution was

rose to great heights in the brief not able to do.

testimony given Sunday evening in the Perhaps the one outstanding theme

Sunday School session. The thousands of the conference was the Book of

who were crowded into the spacious Mormon. The external and internal

tabernacle listened raptly to his imevidence of its divinity were considpressive words. Out into the darkness ered. For a century it has withstood

of the night his voice carried, over the vicious attacks of bigots as well mountains, through valleys, across as the most searching investigation of state and even national borders and critical but fairminded men. Today

into private homes, where conversation it stands before the world stronger than was suspended. His testimony peneat any previous time. This book, its

trated, too, as has been reported to us, divine character attested by twelve into pool halls, where playing ceased, witnesses and by a mass of other inMay, 1929 EDITORS* TABLE 601

controvertible evidence, leaves the ets and rejected the living ones, world without excuse as far as the book In the remarkable preface to his itself or the work of Joseph Smith is "book of commandments,"known as concerned. By it man will be judged. Section 1 of the Doctrine and CoveThe advice was given, and is here nants, the Lord has the following to

emphasized and strongly urged, to read say:

the conference pamphlet. Most of "And the arm of the Lord shall be

the men who spoke are sustained as revealed; and the day cometh that they

prophets, seers and revelators. Their who will not hear the voice of the

words should be viewed as modern Lord, neither the voice of his servants, scripture, as the word of the Lord neither give heed to the words of the brought down to date. They will prophets and apostles, shall be cut off

prove a stimulating spiritual tonic to from among the people. * * * They

all who ponder over them. Church seek not the Lord to establish his rightmembers who view these instructions eousness, but every man walketh in his

in any other light place themselves in own way, and after the image of his the same class with those Pharisees own God, whose image is in the likeanciently who revered the dead prophness of the world."-—C.

A Lover of His Fellowmen A modest, grayhaired man called at the Era office recently. It was Levi

J. Taylor, of Ogden. seventyseven years old, erect, alert, cleareyed. During

the conversation which ensued it was learned that, although he lives forty miles from the Salt Lake temple, he was absent but three working days from November 22, 1922, when he was set apart as a worker in the house of the Lord, to

November, 1928. During these six years of service, he has assisted with 563

companies, approximately 112,000 people; has helped with 15,701 baptisms

and confirmations; ordained 22,377 elders; given 44 blessings. And all this has

been done gratuitously, purely out of love for his fellowman.

Brother Taylor had the flu during the past winter and has not been able to attend to his work with the same regularity but he is still working almost daily.

The Tipple

The tipple is an enormous contrivance built for the purpose of sorting coal, and is found in practically all coal camps of any consequence. It is built at the

terminal of the tramway or pitcar runway, and must be of sufficient height for railway cars to run under the chutes.

On the top. and at the end of the pitcar line is an apparatus which, either

by tilting the pitcar up and pulling an endgate or by completely revolving the car upsidedown, the coal is dumped into a bin which feeds out upon the shakers.

But this is not all. There are five or six railway tracks running under the

shakers upon which appropriate cars are spotted for the purpose of receiving the graded coal.

How like life is the tipple!

1 The slack falls through first.

2. The nuts do not reach the end of the shakers.

3. The nut is more desirable than the slack.

4. The largest goes the farthest, and commands the highest price—-it is

most desirable.

How, indeed, like life is the shaking process of the tipple. Lloyd O. lute.

Matters in this department pertaining to the Melchizedek Priesthood are prepared under direction of the Council of the Twelve: those pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood under

direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums

Suggestive Items for Reports Second Month Committee on Class Instruction

Dear Brethren:, and by complying

The members of the committee have with the rules of the library.

met regularly each week. We are glad We suggest that the members of the

to report that members quorum donate other books, as they of the quorum were in attendance at may be able, and that the committee the study period each Sunday morning on be reduring the past month. There is an quested to take the matter in hand and

increased interest by the brethren in the submit suggestions as to how funds class. may be obtained to increase the size of

The Bishop of the ward has placed the library.

at the disposal of the quorum a vacant One month ago the committee sesection of the library in the meeting lected, with the approval of the preshouse. The following books have been ident of the quorum, Elder

received by donation and by purchase, to occupy a portion and proper acknowledgment has been of the time this evening presenting the made in each case: subject: "How We Got Our Bible."

The books in the library may be obWe hope the members will take notes, tained by members of the quorum on for this is a very important subject, request to the librarian, Elder

Committee on Church Service Administration of Ordinances. pare suggestive approved forms for all

1. Baptismal ordinance. of the foregoing ordinances. The en-

2. Laying on of hands for the gift tire quorum or group may be trained

of the Holy Ghost and confirmation in the proper recital of the ceremonies.

in the Church. With the approval of the president of

3. Administration to the sick. the quorum (or presiding officer of the

a. Anointing. group), assignments may be made to

b. Sealing. individual members for this purpose.

4. Blessing and naming of chilIt would be well to consult the bishop

dren. and secure his approval of forms that

The committee should secure or premay be used.

Committee on Miscellaneous Activity

The committee could study the maReport on:

terial interests of the members of the Pending legislation affecting inquorum and be prepared to give some terests.

suggestions on the agricultural outlook, beet outlook. 2—Sugar

or other material items in which the 3—Grain.

quorum members are interested. The 4—Potatoes.

latest government reports, the Utah 5—Poultry.

Farmer, or other sources should be con- 6—Livestock.

sulted. 7—Dairying.

etc. 8—Labor,

May, 1919 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 603

Committee on Personal Welfare For this month the committee on give, from other sources than Church

Personal Welfare might suggest that Works, corroborative evidence of the a member of the quorum be assigned injurious effect of stimulants and narthe duty of speaking on Things Procotics upon the body, and (2) that he hibited in the Word of Wisdom, or state under what circumstances, when, some kindred topic relating to Personal and by whom tea and coffee were

Fitness. (See Guide.) specified as hot drinks referred to in

If Things Prohibited be chosen, may the revelation.

wc suggest ( 1 ) that the one appointed

Raffling, Games of Chance, Etc.

Reports have been received from gain,'and advised the sisters, through time to time that, in some instances, the Woman's Exponent, not to raffle.

at ward fairs and other entertainments President Lorenzo Snow endorsed and raffling and other chance games have approved of these statements and I been conducted. The argument used have often expressed my unqualified

in favor of these contests is that such disapproval of raffling."President

games are common in the business Grant says, "I have always understood world and that the purpose for which that our people were advised to raise they are employed is a worthy one. their money for charitable and other

In other words, it is argued that the purposes without indulging in raffling, end justifies the means. where chances are sold. There is no

In order, however, that the posiobjection to creating competition in tion of the Church may be clear, we various ways in ward entertainments are quoting herewith from instructions in order to raise money, but the selling given by President Joseph F. Smith of chances on any article has been disand by President Heber J. Grant couraged."

which express the attitude of the The spirit of gambling or taking

Church authorities. President Smith chances for money is so rampant in the

said, "Raffling is a game of chance, world at present that the moderating and hence leads to gambling. For influence and example of the Church

that reason, if for no other, it should should be exercised in behalf of our not be encouraged among the young young people toward resisting such people of the Church. President temptations. We urge that the spirit

Young declared raffling to be a modiof these instructions be followed in all fied form of gambling and said that ward entertainments, and that proper 'as Latterday Saints we cannot afford advice in the same direction be given to sacrifice moral principles to financial all members of the Church.

The Presiding Bishopric.

The Modern Missionary Shall Not Lack

Lesser Priesthood Training The Presidency of the Church rethat "during this period they should cently ruled that prospective missionbe assigned to special missionary work.

aries shall be recommended to them at or ward teaching, and be given an opleast three months before the date portunity to speak in the sacramental when they will be ready to leave for meetings, and to assist in the ordithe mission field. It was recommended nance work at fast meetings."In secMay, 1929604 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion 20 of the Doctrine and Covenants leaders and members bear this objecthe Lord has specifically enumerated tive in mind.

three of these special preparatory acThere is an old adage which reads:

tivities as duties of the Lesser Priest- "Be not the first by whom the new is hood. The ruling provides that the tried, nor yet the last to lay the old

modern missionary shall not lack some aside."During the last year many of

training in these Lesser Priesthood us have seemingly found it difficult duties even if his quorum work has to let go of the old and take on the been neglected. The era of the unnew in Priesthood activities, or rather

trained, uninformed missionary is that which seems to be new, for the passing. Gospel plan and Priesthood requireIt is true that the Lord has perments have been the same from the

formed and still does perform miracles very beginning, differing only in the with the missionary material we send method of operation during the difhim. "Mormons"and non"Morferent stages of development of man.

mons"alike have marveled at the deIn our day, with the law clearly stated, velopment which has come during with experiences of a generation to brief missionary terms to the multibuild upon, our improvement is only tude of young men whose first public slight. It is true that a great elfort

utterances were abbreviated, halting is put forth through the Sabbath words of thanks for the funds raised School to teach us the fundamentals for them at their farewell entertainof the Gospel principles. Our Priestments. Our Heavenly Father is espehood periods have been mainly lecture

cially good to those whose opportuniperiods, our seminary work drill peties for training are limited. riods. Theoretically all good and

At the same time he is continually very necessary, but have we not negblessing us with better means of learnlected the laboratory as a necessary ing and greater facilities for training, part of our training, that carefully to the end that we may be really preplanned training offered through the pared to represent him. There is now Priesthood quorums when functioning

scarcely a case where the missionary in the true meaning and purpose of may conscientiously plead lack of opPriesthood work, and especially as this portunity to be prepared. work applies to the activities of the

PriestWe bear an authoritative message Aaronic Priesthood, "which to mankind. The "Thus saith the hood holdeth the keys of the minLord"of modern revelation takes precistering of angels and the preparatory

is the Gospel ofedence over any opinions of men. Gospel; which Gospel

While our humility must not be lost, repentance and of baptism and the our preparedness to speak and act must remission of sins and the law of carnal be raised more closely to the standard commandments."

of our message if we would gain the Let us compare the above statement ears of the multitude of honesthearted with the duties of those holding the people among the socalled higher Aaronic Priesthood, with a view to classes. determining, if possible, the relationManifestly the three short months ship between the Aaronic and Melof special training just before the mischizedek Priesthood, and of fixing the

sionary departs should be a finishing responsibility for Aaronic Priesthood course only. For years before that activity duty training. First, through

is chargedday, the boy who takes advantage of revelation, the Bishopric the Lesser Priesthood activity program with this duty. Through the leaders

is preparing for his call to "go into we sustain they are advised to select the world."Let Aaronic Priesthood competent assistants to look after the

May. 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 605

detail and work under their superPriesthood magnify their calling, how vision and direction. The law as can we hold those who bear the

given by the Lord provides that "The Aaronic Priesthood for their failure to teacher's duty is to watch over the qualify and magnify their calling?

Church always, and be with and Surely they cannot take these duties strengthen them; and see that there is upon themselves; and without careful

no iniquity in the Church, neither planning and supervision they are dehardness with each other, neither prived of the spiritual growth the lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking; Lord intended they should have. And

and see that the Church meet together again: "The priest's duty is to preach,

often, and also see that all the members teach, expound, exhort, and baptize, do their duty; and he is to take the and administer the sacrament. And

lead of meetings in the absence of the visit the house of each member, and elder or priest; and is to be assisted exhort them to pray vocally and in

always, in all his duties in the Church, secret and attend to all family duties.

by the deacons, if occasion requires."And he may also ordain other priests,

This is a part of the duty training of teachers, and deacons, and he is to the preparatory Gospel, thus laying a take the lead of meetings when there foundation built of the theoretical and is no elder present; but when there is

practical applications of Gospel prinan elder present, he is only to preach, ciples, carefully mixed and applied teach, expound, exhort, and baptize.

through contrast of the weak with the And visit the house of each member, strong. "And if any man shall give exhorting them to pray vocally and

unto any of you a coat, or a suit, take in secret and attend to all family the old and cast it unto the poor, and duties. In all these duties the priest

go on your way rejoicing. And if is to assist the elder if occasion reany man among you be strong in the quires."

Spirit, let him take with him that is How many of our young missionweak, that he may be edified in all aries make their first speech at their meekness, that he may become strong farewell, and how few have stood bealso. Therefore, take with you those fore a congregation of the Church a

who are ordained unto the Lesser half dozen times before they are sent

Priesthood, and send them before you out to declare the Gospel message?

to make appointments, and to prepare May we suggest that a careful study of the way, and to fill appointments that the present Aaronic Priesthood plan you yourselves are not able to fill. Beas outlined be carefully made by the

hold, this is the way that mine aposPriesthood leaders with a view to entles, in ancient days, built up my couraging young men to prepare for

Church unto me. Therefore, let every missionary service, which cannot be

man stand in his own office, and labor done in a few weeks, but requires in his own calling; and let not the years of patient effort, following the

head say unto the feet it hath no need plan of our Lord. Let us keep in

of the feet; for without the feet mind the promise that "the Spirit

how shall the body be able to stand? giveth light to every man that cometh

Also the body hath need of every into the world; and the Spirit enmember, that all may be edified tolighteneth every man through the

gether, that the system may be kept world, that hearkeneth to the voice of perfect."the Spirit."

Unless those who hold the higher The Presiding Bishopric.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

Dates for the June Conference It was a happy thought which suggested June as the month when the annual M. I. A. conference should be held. Salt Lake City is then

at her best, and her best is something to arouse the admiration of the world. The date this year has been fixed for June 7, 8, and 9, Friday,

Saturday, and Sunday. The General Boards have been busy preparing programs which will be instructive and interesting. Finals

in the Churchwide contests will be seen and heard. This conferencewill be no whit behind its predecessors in interest, and it is to be hoped

that all M. I. A. workers who can make it possible to attend will be

present.

Sunday Evening Conjoint Program

June. 1929 Where My Home Is towns required from their beginning the setting out of shade trees, and one

The object of this lesson is to imof the first laws of Salt Lake City, Ogpress upon us all the importance of apden, Logan, Provo, Cedar City, St.

preciating the city or town where we George, and other places required the live. The towns and cities of Utah people to beautify the grounds around

are, as a rule, noted for their individutheir homes.

ality and beauty. The pioneers estabMany of the old homes and public

lished settlements in practically every buildings remain to this day. It will

vale and valley of the Great Basin. As be interesting for the student to com-

a rule the nucleus of every city was a pile a list of these and to find out somecongregation of Latterday Saints unthing concerning their history. Many

der the guidance of a leader, settled on of the old rock and adobe houses of some stream where water could be obBrigham City. Willard. Ephraim.

tained for household use and irrigation. Manti. Cedar City, Provo, Logan, as

Rock and adobe houses were built: well as other cities and towns of Utah,

meeting and school houses were erected, are still standing. They show fine

and it was a rule for every family to workmanship; and many of our homes

plant gardens of roses and other flowers today are patterned after them.

in front of the houses. All cities were For the program of your meeting,

patterned after Salt Lake City. Streets have the members find out something

were laid out at right angles; water about the public buildings. The first

ditches ran parallel to the side walks, meeting and school houses. Who

and shade trees were set out along the built them? Under what directions

roads. The laws of the cities and were they built? In Salt Lake City

May. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 607

it is not the we have or have had the Old Council be no sense in pretending that

Mormon'Church which has given it its inHouse, The Beehive House, The Soterest, as well as much of its beauty, situation cial Hall, The Theatre, The Old Pack apart. Brigham Young, unlike Joseph Smith,

House in the Seventeeth ward where the Prophet, was not given much to revelathe University of Utah was first tions; but he was assuredly a great pioneer,

housed, The City Hall, The Deveceaux and a man of powerful constructive mind. To Brigham Young it is due that the barren

House, The Gardo House, The Tabervalley over which he gazed from the mouth nacle, The Old Walker Homes, The of Emigration Canyon is now so densely

Lion House, and many other beautiful green with trees; to him we owe the wide

from buildings erected in the days of pioneer and noble streets of the city—never,

the first, allowed to grow up haphazard; he

life. It will be a useful and interestand none other was responsible for the first

ing hour to tell something of these and promptest irrigation in the Western buildings, and others in your own videsert. God himself may have sent the seacinity. In Fillmore, there is the old gulls (it is a penitentiary offense to kill a

seagull in Utah) to save the crops from the State House; in St. George, Manti, and locusts and the Saints from starvation; but

Logan, the temples. Every town and it was undoubtedly Brigham Young who

city has its places of worship known taught the people that their prosperity must as the meeting house. For example, in come from agriculture. The gold rush of '49

first 'Mormon'exodus, Heber City, there is the stake house followed close upon the and if the state was to prosper, they could not built many years ago, and in its renospare their young men to the California gold vated form, it still stands as one of fields. So mining was forbidden to them

the unique and fine examples of archiand, in consequence. Utah is very different

tecture in earlyday Utah. from Nevada. * * *

"Utah is a very hardworking state, and

Do we appreciate the beauty of these hard work has taught it what is worth workrare old buildings? If we will find out ing for. Fine schools; good water supply;

something of the history of them, we comfortable homes."

will come to have a high regard for Collier's Weekly a few years ago them. published the following:

What is it that gives your town in- "There is no Rocky Mountain community that shows more growth and vigor than Salt dividuality and character? Why do Lake City. The streets laid out by the early

you love it as your native home? Mormons'are broad and straight, and the

Interview some of the pioneers and modern buildings that are now going up will find out its history. Tell about the help to make the coming city one of the foremountains and streams; the trees and most in the entire West. The streets are

filled with crowds of busy shoppers and active gardens. In the early days, trees were business men. This city, in the heart of

brought over the plains and planted what was, a generation ago, the Great Ameralong the streets and in orchards. Wild ican Desert, is now the common pride of

It is a monument, flowers were planted and domesticated. Mormon'and Gentile.

which will be enduring, to the spirit of the Catherine Fullerton Gerould, in her Far West and the wisdom of the Pioneers."

book called The Aristocratic West, has Colliers, March 11, 1911.

this to say about Salt Lake City:

Mr. Frederick Dellenbaugh, of New

"Of all the people I have known who have York, in his Breaking of the Wilderbeen in Salt Lake City, none has ever taken ness, says:

the trouble to say that it is simply one of the most beautiful towns on the planet. * * "It must be acknowledged that the 'Mor-

"I was always wanting to drop into a mons'were wilderness breakers of a high newspaper office and beg the staff not to quality. They not only broke it, but they

bother about pivotal centers and radii. The kept it broken; and instead of the gin mill

way to sell Salt Lake is to tell the truth and the gambling hell, as corner stones of about it; namely, that in itself it is one of their progress, and as examples to the natives

the most beautiful things in the world. Short of white men's superiority, they planted

of San Francisco bay, I know of no urban orchards, gardens, farms, school houses and setting in the United States to compare with peaceful homes. There is today no part of

this. * * * the United States where human life is safer

"Salt Lake is interesting; and there would than in the land of the 'Mormons'; no place

May. 1929608 IMPROVEMENT ERA

where there is less lawlessness. A people who more, says Brigham Young: 'Let all the

have accomplished so much that is good, who brethren remember that agriculture is the have endured danger, privation, and suffering, highest safeguard to all good government, as who have stood the obloquy of more powerful well as the moral and intellectual developsects, have in them much that is commendable; ment of our people'."

they deserve more than abuse, they deserve admiration, no matter what may have been In conclusion, it is well to remember their shortcomings in the earlier stages of their that the city that was founded by the career.""Mormon"pioneers was founded on

So great was the work of the piosomething else besides industry and neers of Utah that exPresident Theocommerce. It had a spiritual life; the

dore Roosevelt said of them on one religious spirit moved men to great secoccasion, in the Salt Lake Tabernacle: ular tasks, not only in colonizing these

valleys but in directing their energies "Here in this State the pioneers and those to the building of cities. So, it wouldwho came after them took not the land that be well to conclude your program with would ordinarily be chosen as land that yields

return for little effort. You took a territory a statement of what the spiritual life

which at the outset was called after the of your town or city is.

figuratively desert, and you literally—not

made the desert blossom as the rose."Musical Selections Recommended:

"Make the Home Beautiful"—M. From Founding of Utah: I. A. Songbook, No. 2.

"Salt Lake City was typical of all the "Our Mountain Home so Dear."

settlements of Utah, which were founded upon "Dearest Spot on Earth to Me."

three leading principles. First, freehold land. "Home, Sweet, Home."All were encouraged to obtain their own

homes and land to till. Private ownership Or similar songs or instrumental

was encouraged from the first, and furtherselections.

ADULT DEPARTMENT

Mary the Third A Play by Rachel Crothers. Reviewed by Elsie Chamberlain Carroll

In "Mary the Third"is given the that free love is the only solution to attitudes of three generations toward the whole business.

love and marriage. Granny, Mary the Mary is being wooed by Hal and

First, 75, thinks the young people of the dreamer, the philLynn—Hal

today are "ripsnorters"and that they osopher, the poet; Lynn the practical

are in grave danger of being conman with a dynamic personality. Both

taminated by the things that are going boys have qualities that attract her on. Mother, Mary the Second, canenormously. She tells Lynn that she

not accept modern views, but she recthinks she'd rather he were the father ognizes that the youth of today are of her children than any other man thinking nearer the truth than she ever she ever knew, but that isn't everydid, and that while they have someare beautiful mystic, farthing—there

thing dangerous and ridiculous in one away things. She says if the boys

hand they have something big and real were both mixed up together into one in the other. Mary the Third, twenty, man they'd be pretty good, but as it

can't see what life is for unless it is is she doesn't know which she wants to try things. She has about decided to marry.

May. 1929 609 MUTUAL WORK

She will not be satisfied with the understood or accepted, it would be kind of love her grandparents had or awfully hard on the girls.

that satisfied her father and mother. Hal complains that Lynn is not

She wants "Something that is beautireally in with the rest of them. That

beautiful all the time."he's only going because he doesn'tful—and

In order to find out the fundamental want to be left out, and doesn't see things they need to know about each it as something important to the whole other, and just what kind of love they question of love and marriage. He

have, Mary and Hal and Lynn and claims that if they haven't courage to some of their friends who are also in live their own lives regardless of other love have decided to go on a camping people's motheaten opinions, they trip. Mary explains it to her mother: will never get anywhere, or be any

"We'll do our own cooking and farther along than their parents; and

cleaning up and see how really well that wreckage of the individual doesn't and decently we can do it. We think, count in the world's work.

we know in fact, it's the best way in Mary thinks its so simple to go off the world to know each see and live naturally for two weeks other—to

each other all the time in a sort of doing a thing they know in the botdon't tom of their souls is right, and knowmessy way-—doing things we

like to sort of getting right ing the town will explode with horror, do—and

down to realities."and then marching back with their

There are to be no chaperones to heads well up and proving that they keep them from being absolutely natare finer and more intelligent people ural. Granny is scandalized at the than before they went. It's a magplan. She says it's a disgraceful and nificent test. She warns the boys,

immoral idea even to have come into a however, that they must not make lovenice girl's head. Mother insists that to her while they are gone—"It's going

she must quit thinking about it since to be a square deal for all,"she says.

may notdecent people don't do such things. "And don't forget this—I

But Mary thinks it would be a good want to marry either of you, and you thing if they did. She says: "People may not want to marry me."

don't know each other before they are They decide to go that night after married. That's why most marriages a party, without letting their folks

are merely disappointing experiments know.

instead of lifelong matings. That's When Mary is ready for the party

why the experimenting ought to be her father and grandmother insist that done before marriage. she wear something on her head. Her

Mother tells her she can't try things mother gives her a scarf. When Granny

with nothing but danger and disaster asks how mother knows that Mary in them. She says: "There's nothing won't take it off the minute she is out

new about the relations between men of sight, mother holding Mary close and women and nothing true or right and looking into her eyes answers:

but the same old things that have al- "Because I trust her—always—anyways been true; and nothing is beautiwhere."

ful all the time."And it is those words that save Mary

Mary, however, feels that she must and bring her back, as she explains go on with her plan, because what she to her brother Bobby at four o'clock wants to find out is so vitally imthe next morning after she has preportant. tended to have appendicitis in order to

The boys come and Mary tells them get the young people home. Bobby

her mother's reaction. Lynn says he's has fallen asleep on the sofa and is not

not so crazy about their scheme anyseen by Mary while she is explaining way. He says if it never should be to Hal and Lynn and the others that

May. 1929610 IMPROVEMENT ERA

she didn't have appendicitis at all. She ried. Mother, very much upset, desays: "I suddenly knew we'd been all clares that he doesn't seem like a man

wrong. The whole world and life she ever could have married. In the

and what it means suddenly flashed midst of their quarrel mother sees before me and I knew we were wrong; Mary's suit case, which wasn't in the

that we were destroying something. room before. She rushes out to see if

All at once I saw it the way father Mary is in her room. Father follows

and mother would and knew how it and the children come from their hidwould seem to them."ing, white and stricken over the quarTo Bobby when the others have rel. They had always felt there was

of them but Lynn horribly something sacred and holy in the regone—all

disappointed in Lynn happy lations of their father and mother. her—and in the assurance that it is he she loves Now they decide that since their

Bobby she confides: "I came parents really hate each other they—to

back for mother and father. I wanted must get a divorce.

to do this thing more than I ever When the parents return and the wanted to do anything in my life father begins to accuse Mary of defybut just as I was the happiest and ing all the standards of the home and

and she and Bobby tell him they heard the theyou—always—anywhere'surest, I heard mother -—say 'I trust everything they have held sacred, Mary

stayed right there with me, nearer than quarrel and it is the parents who have she's ever been before, I smashed up the sanctity of the home and—well

came back."and the ideals of marriage. Mary says

Bobby tells her it's a darn good she doesn't see that it matters now thing she did because Granny has told what happens to her and Bobby since father about her plan and he is everything is wrong with them.

furious. Mary says it makes her sick The parents try to make them see

the way her parents always think that they are taking the quarrel too everything she wants to do is wrong. seriously. They were worried and upShe says: "I don't say anything to set and not themselves. But the chilthem about the things they it is wrong for them do—but dren insist that

wouldn't I like just to let go and tell to live together if they feel as the quarthem a few. But they are always rel showed they do toward each other.

right."Granny tells them they ought to be

Bobby and Mary agree, however, thankful their parents get along as that their parents are mighty fine after well as they do. She says:

all. Mary says, "Home and family and "Life's not all 'skittles and beer'

you and I are the most important let me tell you. It's modern selfishthings in the world to they ness, that's the matter. A man and them—and

love each a really truly woman have no right to expect to be other—and

home like ours is wonderful."happy all the minute day time—every

They are about to go upstairs to and night. Women now-a-days don't

bed when they hear their parents comknow how to manage men. Of course

ing and hide. they get the best of you because you're

Father blames mother for what has trying to make them think you know happened. He says she has failed in as much as they do and they won't

her job of taking care of the children. stand for it. You oughtn't ever to

She is so soft and easy with them let them see how smart you are."

that Mary has gone off on this wild Mary maintains that her father and escapade right under her nose. He is mother undertook the greatest reladisappointed in her. She hasn't come tionship in the world and it hasn't

through as he expected her to; she been a success, so now they must

doesn't seem like the woman he marseparate and start another kind of life.

May. 1919 611 MUTUAL WORK

She says to her mother: "Women will of a lifetime. Marriage is a disgusthave to change never ing, sordid affair that I wouldn't go marriage—men

will. At least you come a long way into for anything. If mother and

ahead of Granny. Her marriage was father couldn't make a go of it, I don't

on a very low plane. But the inknow who can."

teresting side of you as a person, you Her mother says:

haven't given to father at all. A wom- "It isn't our marriage that's wrong,

an can't afford to be dependent on a it's what we've done with it."

man. She should be able to take care At the end of the play Lynn reof herself and her children if necessary. peats the mother's words. "YourShe should live with a man only bemother said it, Mary. There's nothingcause she loves him. Anything else it's what—gives him a horrible advantage. It the matter with marriage people do with it. What's the use ofmakes her a kept woman. The biggest, trying to get rid of the best thing fairest and most chivalrous man on we've got? Why don't we try to make earth can't feel the same towards a

marriage better instead of chucking it?woman who lives with him only beWhy don't we make it honest and cause she has to be taken care of, as he

decent and fair?"does to one who lives with him beold, cause she loves him."And Mary, agreeing, voices the

When Lynn comes to tell Mary's old feeling that has kept marriage gofeeling parents that he wants to marry her she ing through the centuries—the

declares that she doesn't believe in expressed in almost the same words marriage. She says: "When I got years before by her grandmother, then

home last night I told Lynn that I by her mother:

loved I do. I love him so "But Lynn, I wouldn't marry you, him—and

is the much that I can't live without him. if I didn't know that our love

But now I wouldn't marry him for love that will last forever. It's difanything on earth. I know now that ferent. There can't be any doubt

must if I'd gone off with Hal and Lynn about a love as great as ours—we

each alone for a year, we wouldn't make it the most wonderful love in have known each other. It takes most the world."

COMMUNITY ACTIVITY

DEPARTMENT

Home Recreation

Of the agencies which affect moral for play and recreation. In the light of

values there is none more powerful competing attractions outside the it than those of recreation; amusements, home, which are often unwholesome,

both make and unmake character. The seems imperative that our attention

vices of our generation grow out of unshould be focused in this direction.

controlled amusements. The school, A promiment psychologist, Groves,

the church and the home are in a posiwrites:

tion to give moral direction to recreareaction have mechanical and "Commercial tion, and of those the home is the most its part of the family of a only robbed not effective. former function, they have also affected the

for character family life by their influence upon conduct. A favorable condition

development in the home is provision No form of public amusement has ever rivaled 612 IMPROVEMENT ERA May. 1929

the moving picture in the intensity and cumupotentialities, physical, emotional and lative effect of its influence."mental in children on their environWright, a wellknown writer of our ment during the preschool period.

country, speaking of democracy, says: Nothing perhaps is a more vital need

in the lives of parents than the power "For no present social fact seems to demonto vision the importance and signifistrate in so signal a fashion the defects and drawbacks of democracy as the banality and cance of play in the growth and devulgarity of popular amusements when unconvelopment of children.

trolled by an authoritative social and moral After the childhood stage the youth's tradition. The artificial and senseless excitement of the amusement park, the degradation attitude towards play, the game, and

of the theater, the sensationalism of the movie, his formation of habits in the right use the demoralizing accompaniments of profesof leisure depends in part, at least, on sional baseball, boxing and wrestling, stand the attitude of parents towards agencies out in contemporary civilization as convincing evidence that the advance of democratic ideas that furnish wholesome activities for has meant no improvement or elevation of the youth and the assistance on the part ol popular taste in the matter of amusements."parents in organizing the boy and girls'

day so they have time for play as well According to statistics obtained by

Harold O. Borg, on one week's attendas work, and their help in the selection

ance of children at motion picture enof play opportunities that are of the tertainments in one city, almost onetype the youth needs.

half of the children attend the movies The parents'attitude in these earlimore than once a week, and almost er lifeperiods is reflected and augmentthree-fourths of these attend unaccomed in early and later adolescent and panied by parents or other adults. This adult life. If the family members play

is serious, for careful scientific investitogether when children are young, they gation shows that the tendency toward are likely to play together the rest of dishonesty is slightly greater among their lives. A family reunion and

children who attend movies more than homecomings will be an individual once a week than among children who necessity for each member of the famattend occasionally but less than once ily. "The family that plays together,

a week. stays together."The home is the place

If the home is to offset the tendency where ideals are developed and the famtoward unwholesome public amuseily made the basic unit of our American ments and avoid the accompanying institutions. There should be in the

vices, it must provide the proper recredaily home program a regular time for ation. It must provide playrooms and work and for chores, a quiet period for

playgrounds. It must provide for the study, and in a properly regulated

expression of the desire for music, songs home a time for family recreation.

and dances. It must satisfy the love of Theodore Roosevelt had a sacred hour

companionshi motheach day set aside for his family associ- p—father,

er, brother, sister, friends. It must ation, and it was his habit to read to

satisfy the need for variety by way of his children, and then to walk with toys, pictures, books, visitors. And it them through the gardens of the White

or to play with them on the must give opportunity for expression—House

a home library, as lawns. radio,—intellectual

well as social companionship. The home is the oldest recreation

No matter how adequate public or hall, and the family group, grownups church organizations may be, the fact and children, was probably the group remains that the home has the major that first learned to work and play and task in determining the life of the child. study together. Sheltered and fed unThe newer and more scientific knowlder the same roof, loving and learning

edge of child life places the responsiand living together, there developed bility for a large portion of growth within the group a feeling of comMay. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 613

radeship, loyalty, fair play and coThen they strike or ring their instruoperation that resulted in the beautiments, and the thing is accomplished.

fying of the family life and dwellingContests and musical games, music place. memory training, study of composers

and their work, opera given with the

Social Life in the Home help of the victrola, and other interThe wise parent welcomes friends esting variations of musical activities of the children into the home, and tries lend spice to home recreational features to create an atmosphere of sociability which cannot be surpassed.

is becoming increasingly which will draw the young folks toThe radio wards home, rather than send them out significant in home recreation, but.it

for pleasure. Candymaking, cornmay be harmful as well as beneficial

popping, games and music all help to unless care is exercised. By emphasizmake of the home a social center not ing the fine musical offerings, and

easily duplicated. pointing out their beauties, a taste for

the better things in this field might be

Music in the Home cultivated.

Perhaps more vital than any othei All forms of spontaneous and nathing is the social atmosphere born oi tural responses to music are desirable.

music. The family which cooperates Encourage the young people in the

in planning and saving for the purpose home to discuss their ideas of certain of buying musical instruments will find musical phases, and to use their imagitherein harmony of spirit and purpose. nation in interpreting the meaning the

Listening to fine music elevates the composers have put into their work.

listensoul. It lends an influence of gentle One author speaks of creative

culture, and is a great factor in one's ing, by which he means listening to education. Dietitians have advocated music and at the same time building

the use of music in the home to relieve in his mind the pictures which inspired tension, and bring about the wellbe- the composer to his art. As music

ing which follows good digestion. which goes out over the radio must be

There should be in the home simple converted into electrical waves, and but good music with marked rhythm then back into sound waves, so must to which children might play or dance. the message of a musician be carried

Many musical stories might be dramainto the mind of the hearer and interartist transposes his feeltized. Songs should be sung with conpreted. The

tents within the child's grasp, that they ing by means of notes and harmonious listener has the might understand and learn to sing combinations. The

it and appreciate them. delightful privilege of transposing

The toy symphony is one form of back into feeling again.

entertainment which affords musical Conversation, Reading and Story expression in which the children can Telling participate. Simple equipment is necessary: two sticks with sleigh bells Conversation is one of the finest of

attached, small bells, small tinhead arts, and should be cultivated with care drum, kettle lids, small xylophone, and and tenderness. Only through pracwarbler whistle. Steel triangles or tice can one become an interesting conbars, tambourine, and hardwood versationalist, and the home is the place

sticks might be added, the first menwhere this training should be given.

tioned to be struck with pieces of metal. The family mealtime gives excellent

Someone who plays the piano should opportunity for stimulating and lead the orchestra. The children learn wholesome conversation, and the old

the rhythm of a piece by humming it, saying, "children should be seen and and keeping time with hands and feet. not heard,"is becoming obsolete. If

May. 1929614 IMPROVEMENT ERA

children are never heard at home, it is in developing his own personality. * *

quite certain that they will not be heard One great source of social play has been to any advantage when they are away amputated,"says Dr. Wm. G. Vinal,

from home. and in a survey which was made for

Reading is very important in the the purpose of determining the vital development of proper leisuretime home influences in the lives of several itproclivities, and should command the hundred young men and women, consideration of every thoughtful par was interesting to note how many ent. By providing desirable reading classed the keeping of pets among the

material for children, it is reasonably very important. This form of recrecertain that their taste in literature will ational activity tends to develop the

be on a higher plane than if they are protective instinct, and also the instinct left to chance influences to guide their of companionship. No young person

choice. should be denied this joy.

is a natural interest, and The love of stories is an integral Gardening part of almost everyone, young and one which should be cultivated. The

old, and through this medium many nearness to nature, and the wonder of fine ideals may be pictured, and strong her processes which result from this points made. There should be no activity are invaluable in the education

moralizing, but fairies, nonsense, hisof young people.

tory, nature and people can all be made

Physical Activitiesto live in the minds of children through stories. Many excellent lists are obThat active games and pastimes are

tainable, and library associations are popular is made evident by every group delighted to furnish names of good of children turned loose to play, and story books. that this form of activity is beneficial

is beyond question or doubt. The

Drama in the Home sad fact that the games of young peoDrama carries storytelling one step ple are sometimes destructive to propfurther, for it gives the participants a erty is due in part to the fact that no chance to put their individual interpreproper facilities are supplied them, and tation into the actions of other people. they have to do the next best, which

Dressing up, dramatizing stories, backfrequently is not all it should be. By

yard circuses, and inventive games all expending a little time, thought and are valuable, and children should be money, excellent equipment may be allowed fairly free rein in working provided for the playing of outdoor out their dramatic aspirations. Growngames, and the unquestioned value of

ups need offer very little suggestion, as this type of sport be increased.

the children will feel quite capable of carrying on these affairs if adult apConstructive Play proval is present. Many ideals of loyEqually important in the leisure lifealty, courtesy, generosity and friendliof people is the desire to make things.ness may be established through the Give each member of the family an opglorifying of these qualities in home

portunity to satisfy this urge, and dramatics. many problems will be solved. While

Hobbies and Pets it is sometimes much more taxing for a parent to teach a child to do certain

A hobby is an uplifting and benetasks, and make certain things than to ficial influence in the lives of all the do it alone, it is far more satisfactory members of a family. in the long run to give the child an

"The child who is starved for the opportunity to do these things for himlack of pets has failed to that extent self.

May, 1919 MUTUAL WORK 615

Small children are quite happy when much mischief and destructive play is supplied with scissors, paints, paste eliminated.

and cardboard, with which they can The fact that every normal human make houses, furniture, dolls, trees, etc. being has been endowed with similai

Older girls enjoy dollclothes, basketry, interests and urges is in itself conclu bead work, stenciling, embroidering, sive that these are fundamental and weaving, and such things. Boys begin right. The responsibility of parents

early with soapcarving and cork and includes the obligation to recognize and wood whittling, from which they prounderstand these tendencies and desires, ceed to sawing, and making toys from and to provide the natural and benewood. Among the many articles ficial means for putting them into acwhich can be made by the average boy tion. The comradeship of parents and

are the following: birdhouses, kites, children is of inestimable importance in

scooters, pushmobiles, stilts, and such rounding out and perfecting the lives of playground equipment as beanbag both, and through no channel can this board, basketball goals, swings, teeters, relationship be more beautifully estabslides, and pethouses. A tremendous lished than through the channel of

amount of energy may be expended in sympathetic understanding of the leismaking these things, and as a result uretime activities of both.

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report for March, 1929

til bec O co a OO *cs STAKE 00 n J3SO SCJ E a,o c.a oLi -o

00 B u a rs.s > a E PL, <: CO 3 oh 3 O n

Alpine 15 21 13 13 15 10 10 22 10 7 136

Bear River... 17 18 13 11 16 10 9 26 14 16 150

Box Elder 20 19 16 19 18 10 12 21 13 20 168

Cottonwood - 19 19 12 13 18 10 15 32 8 19 164

Deseret.... 14 17 17 12 12 9 10 27 8 18 144

East Jordan. 15 20 12 13 14 9 12 18 12 125

Ensign 20 19 11 14 17 10 10 27 17 16 161

Granite 11 13 7 8 12 7 12 16 4 1 91

Kanab 22 21 9 14 10 10 12 36 8 142

Lehi 14 16 15 12 13 10 6 7 14 16 123

Liberty 22 18 13 15 20 10 16 34 8 11 167

Millard 9 11 7 6 5 5 3 12 5 5 68

Nebo 19 17 17 10 13 10 6 21 6 12 131

North Davis 16 20 14 10 16 9 30 12 14 149

North Sanpete 16 18 10 13 12 8 26 6 8 125

North Weber 15 15 11 15 11 10 13 17 10 20 137

Ogden 15 13 7 13 13 7 12 24 6 4 114

Oquirrh 14 12 13 11 8 7 4 17 4 6 96

Palmyra 16 15 14 12 10 7 9 25 8 16 132

Parowan 4 7 4 3 2 3 1 10 3 2 39

Pioneer 16 16 11 11 8 9 13 20 3 11 118

May, 1929 616 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to BO MO S lUd a a ex 'a a gaB0 c w C a a w B '3 s "5't; w u< a!>= STAKE mbo a a, a '5 N su <*->

'n "o G a Soua 1.2 aB9 E P-, C/3a CO >< s 3 UOBO 2 3 1-!O Jhrt - a Oh

Salt Lake 17 16 10 14 14 1 '9 10 25 7 10 132

Sevier - - 30 21 14 17 20 1 10 10 32 7 8 169

South Davis 22 20 15 13 20 10 20 37 9 20 186

South Sanpete 19 70 14 9 17 10 6 7.5 6 8 134

Timpanogos 10 18 17 11 7 10 11 24 25 23 156

Uintah 9 10 5 10 12 7 7 13 7 9 89

Wasatch 12 12 10 9 9 7 8 15 15 10 107

Weber - 18 16 11 12 14 10 15 25 8 15 144

Blaine 5 5 6 11 2 3 5 1 4 4?

Boise. 17 12 12 10 16 8 8 21 10 10 124

Cassia.. 12 16 14 11 7 7 5 15 11 15 113

Franklin 15 15 14 9 11 8 5 22 19 17 135

Fremont 16 18 15 13 17 10 10 25 13 11 148

Idaho—16 14 15 12 15 10 13 10 10 115

Idaho Falls 14 17 12 12 18 8 5 21 12 11 130

Minidoka 8 12 7 11 8 6 4 13 8 10 87

Oneida 15 16 30 24 10 5 5 18 9 8 140

Riebv 4 7 9 5 4 5 3 8 4 5 54 Shelley 9 12 9 16 6 8 3 12 5 7 87

Teton 6 12 1 11 5 5 5 1 10 56 Yellowstone 8 9 8 8 7 6 7 12 6 10 81

Big Horn 7 7 3 7 5 3 3 8 7 6 51

Hollywood 17 13 16 11 14 8 11 14 7 11 122

Los Angeles 19 17 19 13 17 9 14 31 14 19 171

Maricopa 18 18 15 13 70 10 8 77 1 1 14 154

San Francisco 17 12 10 12 15 8 13 19 22 16 144

Star Valley 7 14 9 5 7 5 2 8 5 11 73

Taylor 15?n 19 1 1 15 8 8 29 15 11 151

Woodruff. 15 18 7 12 10 10 5 17 10 10 114

California Mission 15 14 17 13 17 10 4 16 17 22 145

Central States Mission—15 9 27 15 6 9 3 9 2 16 111

N. W. States Mission.—16 16 33 14 | 13 8 8 19 13 12 152

The books which help you most are those which make you think the most.

The hardest way of learning is by easy reading; every man that tries it finds it so.

But a great book that comes from a great is a ship of thought, deep thinker.—it

freighted with truth, with beauty, too. It sails the ocean, driven by the winds

of heaven, breaking the level sea of life into beauty where it goes, leaving behind it a train of sparkling loveliness, widening as the ship goes on. And

what treasures it brings to every land, scattering the seeds of truth, justice, love and piety, to bless the world in ages yet to come. Theodore Parker.

"Great minds have purposes, others have wishes. Little minds are tamed and

subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them."—Washington Irving.

The honorable release of Sister Austria and Switzerland during recent

Martha H. Tingey as General Presyears, and such a visit will add imident of the Y. L. M. I. A. and the petus to the movement. It is expected

selection of Sister Ruth May Fox as that 30,000 Boy Scouts will be in her successor is an event which should attendance at the Jamboree, probably be mentioned under this heading. Elsethe largest gathering of its kind in

where in this issue will be found a dehistory. A number of Latterday

tailed account of this important Saint boys from Utah and other parts charge. Sister Fox selected Sisters of the United States are expecting to

Lucy Grant Cannon and Clarissa A. be in attendance.

Beesley as her counselors. These three * * *

women have had years of experience in Alma Greenwood, prominent eduMutual work, and the organization cator of southern Utah, died March will continue to go forward under 21, 1929, at Delta, Millard county.their leadership.

Elder Greenwood was born in American Fork, Utah county, October 18,

The ninetyninth annual conference 1854. In 1882, he went on a mission

Zealand, where he was veryof the Church was held in Salt Lake to New

City, beginning Friday, April 5, and successful in making converts for the was concluded on Sunday the 7th. Church. He was the founder of the

During the opening session a veritable Millard Stake Academy and also of blizzard was in progress. So much the Sanpete Stake Academy.

snow fell that it was necessary to use * * * snow plows to clear the street car The new seminary on College Hill.

tracks, and it remained on the ground Logan, was dedicated April 3 1 by until after the conference closed. In President Heber J. Grant. Presidents

spite of the inclement weather, and the Anthony W. Ivins and Charles W.

additional fact that thousands of peoNibley were also in attendance, and ple remained at home and listened to the three brethren addressed the meetthe proceedings over the radio, the tabing. It is not often that all three

ernacle was crowded. Likewise the members of the First Presidency are

assembly hall, in which a loud speaker able to be in one of the remote stakes had been placed, was filled to overat the same time, but on this occasion flowing during the meetings held on they spoke in the Logan tabernacle as

Sunday. well as at the seminary.

Word has been received from the Mention was made in the April

Germanspeaking missions that a numnumber of the Era, of the installation ber of their Boy Scouts are making of nine new members of the General arrangements to attend the Jamboree Board of Y. M. M. I. A. On March

which is to be held at Arrowe Park. 20, Superintendent George Albert

Birkenhead, near Liverpool, England, Smith was in Los Angeles, having from July 31 to August 13 of this been called there in the discharge of his year. Scouting has been making reduty as a member of the Quorum of

markable headway in Germany, the Twelve. He ate breakfast in that

May, 1929618 IMPROVEMENT ERA

city, then, in order to attend the meetcannot be described, will never be foring at which these new board memgotten.

bers were to be installed, he arranged * * * to come to Salt Lake via the air. The A report received at the Presiding

plane in which he traveled was a triBishop's Office from Pres. Reinhold

motor, twelvepassenger Fokker. The Stoof of the South American mission

comfortable wicker chairs were arstates that the missionaries laboring in ranged on either side of an aisle, and Brazil are meeting with much encourthere was a window which could be agement. On September 12, 1928.

raised and lowered at will, for each Pres. Stoof, in company with Elders

passenger. Ice water and all the conHeinz and Schindler, went to Brazil

veniences which can be found in a and commenced work in the neighborPullman car were available. Lunch hood of Rio De Janeiro. On October

was served at midday. The plane 27 two persons were baptized. Brother

maintained an average altitude of Stoof's headquarters are in Buenos 7,000 feet until Los Vegas was reached Aires.

and from there to Salt Lake it flew at * * # an average height of 9,000 feet. DurWord has finally been received at

ing the first part of the journey, the Church headquarters that the officials air was rather bumpy, but later on of Syria, in which land Pres. J. Wilthey glided along so smoothly that no ford Booth died, will not permit the

motion could be felt. The trip was body to be removed within a year. As

made in six hours, and Brother Smith readers of the Era will recall, Pres.

was in ample time for his meeting. He Booth died in Aleppo, Syria, Dec. 5,

reports that the view of the lake as 1928, and was buried there. Sister

they approached it was most beautiful. Booth is being accompanied on her

Every island was distinctly visible, homeward journey by Elder Ralph V.

and the picture made by water and Chisholm who was sent to Syria by mountains was one which, while it Pres. John A. Widtsoe.

Utah's Boast of Basketball The New York Times of Saturday, February 9, hasthe following:

State pride has long been recognized as one of the dynamic forces in this country. Claims of raising the fattest hogs have vied with claims of the tallest

corn. A high official of one of the middle western commonwealths boasted

recently that his state had the handsomest governor's wife in the Union.

A fullpage advertisement in The Deseret News of Salt Lake City proclaims Utah to excel in basketball. The assertion is backed by impressive

facts. To the outsider the most interesting thing is not so much whether

some other state may, from time to time, best Utah's crack team as it is the method in which basketball has filtered throughout the state, and has been responsible, even in little towns of only 1,500 inhabitants, for the building of gymnasiums.

The Mutual Improvement Association of Utah alone has organized upwards of 800 basketball teams. In every portion of the state the game is

being developed, and is fulfilling its double purpose of affording diversion and of encouraging sportsmanship and improving the physique of the young.

Elsewhere, when attempts have been made to arouse interest in community sports, the tendency has often been to concentrate on a single team.

Utah is apparently awake to the importance of interesting as many boys as possible in the game, rather than in developing a handful in each community who become specialists.

The Summer Session at the Utah State Agricultural College

Begins Monday, June 10 A visiting faculty of exceptional merit and practically all members of the resident faculty will combine in offering a rich and varied curriculum of courses at the annual Summer Session conducted at the Utah State Agricultural College.

The visiting faculty includes:

FRANK W. HART VV. D. MORIARTY

Education Merchandising University of California University of Southern California

LEE EMERSON BASSETT MARY WOOD HINMAN

Public Speaking Chicago Stanford University Recreation and Dancing

E. B. BRANSON J. B. FITCH

Geology Dairying University of Missouri Kansas State Agricultural College

MARY SWEENY THOMAS A. BEAL

Child Development Economics MerrillPalmer Foundation University of Utah

BIRGER SANDZEN L. JOHN NUTTAL

Art Education Bethany College Brigham Young University

JEAN BETZNER LOFTER BJARNASON Education Education Columbia University State Department of Education

Institute of School Music OSBOURNE McCONATHY LUCY GATES BOWEN

New York City Salt Lake City JESSIE MAY AGNEW SPENCER YOUNG

Chicago Salt Lake City

Coaching 10 to June 28 School—June

ROBERT C. ZUPPKE C. S. LEAF

Football Swimming University of Illinois Brigham Young University

FORREST C. ALLEN

Basketball and Physical Education

Special Lecturers

Henry Neumann, Brooklyn: Edward Howard Griggs, New York City: George Thomas,

University of Utah: C. N. Jensen, State Superintendent of Public Instruction; C. J. Galpin,

U. S. Department of Agriculture.

Registration begins Saturday, June 8

TERM—JUNE 10 TO JULY 10. FEE—$20

Address the President's Office for Catalogue and Further

Information Utah State Agricultural College

LOGAN, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to Want You KnowWe that a broad curriculum of the highest standard will be offered at Utah's oldest and highest ranking educational institution. It will be of special interest

to teachers, supervisors and other educators, as well as to regular university students and citizens in general.

THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH believes in serving the State in a most efficient manner, by bringing to the

State noted leaders in various fields of educational endeavor. In addition to our

well trained faculty, which is well known, we desire to introduce the following visiting educators who will enrich an already excellent faculty:

Dr. L. L. Bernard, Professor of Dr. Obed S. Johnson, of Stanford

Sociology, University of North University, offering two courses in

Carolina, lecturer on South AmerOriental history and civilization.

Dr. Edward M. Gwathmey, Professor

Dr. Joseph R. Geiger, Head of the of English, College of William and

Department of Philosophy and PsyMary.

chology, College of William and

Mary Dr. Charles Mckinley, Professor of Political Science, Reed College.

Miss Helen Guest, Representing the.

- John G. Rossman, Assistant National Committee for Visiting Dr

Teachers, New York City, offering Superintendent of Schools, Gary, courses pertaining to the visiting Indiana.

teacher and her problems. Dr R D Russell, Professor of Sec-

> University of JuliaMiss Letheld Hahn, Supervisor?"dIdaho.ry Education of Kindergarten and Primary

Grades, San Francisco, California. Misg Florence SommerS; of New York Member of summer session faculty, University) Supervisor of Physical Teachers College, Columbia UrnEducation,'Baltimore.

versity, 1928.

of Professor Sprague, Robert J. ivr i -nProfessort ofc Dr.Drr> tjEdwardj MHulmen College. Economica 'Rollins a History, Stanford University,

author of one of the best known Miss Alvaretta West, of Cleveland, books on the Renaissance and the Ohio, in Music Appreciation.

Reformation, offering one course in this subject and one on contempoDr. Louis Wolsey, Chancellor of the

rary European civilization and culJewish Chautauqua Society of Philture. adelphia; series of lectures.

To this list of outof-state visiting faculty has been added J. Spencer

Cornwall, Supervisor of Music, Granite School District; Miss Caroline Parry,

art teacher who has had extensive training in New York; and Dr. J. T. Worlton,

Assistant Superintendent of Schools, Salt Lake City.

Exceptional Advantages for Study Are Available in Salt Lake City

One Term of Six 10 to July 19 Weeks—June

Write to President's Office for Catalog

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Doors Never Close at Brigham Young University The Summer Quarter—a full twelve weeks—begins June 10

The Autumn Quarter begins September 16

Work leading to Bachelors'and Masters'degrees in Applied Sciences and Arts, Business, Education, and Fine Arts is offered.

Here one may also prepare for advanced ivork in any of the professions.

All work is accredited by Association of American Universities.

For additional information write

President's Office, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

ZCMJ. UNIT SET CYCLORAMA STAGE. \PWARD

We Specialize in making up Stage Curtains and Draperies FOR ENGAGEMENT Modern and up to the Minute.

and Our work shop is equipped with the very

WEDDING RINGS latest appliances.

Come to JENSENS Call at Z. C. M. I. Cash or Terms

Drapery Department Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

II MAIN ST. U EST. I 87 5 FREE OF CHARGE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to onr

readers the firms and goods found In our advertising pages

ADVERTISEHS IS THIS ISSLE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. L. D. S. Business College

Bennett Glass & Paint Co. Modern Furniture Co.

Brigham Young University Salt Lake Stamp Co.

DaynesBeebe Music Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Deseret Book Store Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Co. woldetFurniture Co. ah Power * Light

Fleischmann's Yeast University of Utah

Jensens Jewelers Utah State Agricultural College

Keeley Ice Cream Co. Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

Colored Lady: "Ah wants to buy one cent's worth of insect powder."

Drug Clerk: "But, lady, that's too small a quantity to wrap."

Colored Lady: "Ah don't want it blow it down my neck."T* T wrapped—justT* T*

"Will you join me in a bowl of soup?"

"Do you think there'd be room for both of us?"Purple Parrot.

T* *T* *F V "I do hope you keep your cows in a pasture,"said Mrs. Newlywed as she

paid the milkman.

"Yes, madam,"replied the milkman, "of course we keep them in a pasture.""I'm so glad,"gushed Mrs. Newlywed, "I have been told that pasteurized

milk is much the best."WatchmanExaminer.

The Electric Home is the Modern Home

Our new combination rate enables everyone to enjoy electric cooking, electric water beating, electric refrigeration and the great number of other home electric appliances which make home more beautiful and restful and give service that is safe, clean, and always dependable.

Light Co. Utah Power &

Efficient Public Service

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Call Your

Keeley

Dealer For

KEELEYS

PACKAGE ICE CREAM BRICK

c25 Pt.

50 qt.

Extra Packed

V)R over 23 years Keeley's Products have occupied a pinnacle place among the fine thingrs that have become a part of our daily lives!

to the "Back Home!"

slogan that's ringing round the "Back to the Home"—the

country;—sponsored by none less than the President of the

United States himself, is his expressed and forceful support of the great Better Homes Movement, and supplemented by the great leaders of national thought throughout the length and breadth of the land. It is a trend in a safe and sane direction.

Home—the place where there

of refuge and retreat, after the strenuous daily nation—the place is rest, relaxation, comfort, rejuvelife of present times. The better our homes, the greater our recuperative possibilities.

73 Years of Home Furnishing Experience and Continuous

Growth.

THERE IS A REASON

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY'S "GOOD FURNITURE"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SALT LAKE STAMP CO.

43 West Broadway SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phone Was. 3097

BADGES LEAD SEALS AND PRESSES BAGGAGE CHECKS LICENSE PLATES, FOR CITIES, etc.

BRASS LABELS MEDALS BURNING BRANDS MEMORIAL PLATES

CEMENT IMPRESSION LETTERS RUBBER STAMPS

CELLULOID BADGES STENCILS CORPORATION and NOTARY SEALS SIGNS: BRASS, BRONZE, etc.

DOG LICENSE CHECKS SIGN MARKERS EAR TAGS FOR LIVE STOCK stffi tamt

HAND MADE STEEL STAMPS TirifFT Pimracc TAGS KEY HOTEL "REGISTERS J.TALLY STENCILS AND INKS: FOR PADS

DOOR NUMBERS TOOL CHECKS CHURCH ANNOUNCEMENT BOARDS A SPECIALTY

Smith: "Are you getting a new car this year?"

Jones: "Yes. That is, as soon as I've paid for the one that I had before

the one I've got now."Life.

"Jimpson is very attentive to his wife, it appears."

'Yes; he always oils up the lawnmower for her before—Cincinnatihe goes to theEnquirer.office."

"Should a husband keep anything from his wife?"asks a writer.

"Enough for lunch and carfare,"we should say. Boston Transcript.

About time for some of these scientific advertising men to discover that cigarettes are full of vitamins. Marshall County (Minn.) Banner.

ROUND OAK FURNACES

New 1929 Furnaces Cast Iron and Steel

New Low Prices, $85 and Up

Furnaces for all Buildings

Estimates and Catalogue Sent on Request

50 Years Service in Utah

Come and See Them on Display at the

MODERN FURNITURE CO.

Phone Was. 7187 or Was. 6205

234236 So. State Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wedding Announcements and Invitations

Be sure to see us before ordering your announcements or invitations. If you are unable to come in, don't hesitate to write for samples

and prices. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you

the newest in style and correctness in taste. Our line is complete.

Printed, Process Embossed, and Engraved, Prices are right.

*%iV SPF

The Dcseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake Citv

A ZEST FOR LIFE

A healthy appetite, a vigorous enjoyment of the day's doings, a lively interest in the happenings of the world—these are the attributes only of the healthy body, free from

all devitalizing impurities.

Three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast, eaten regularly every day, one before each meal or between meals, plain or in water (hot or cold), stimulates digestion, banishes constipation and keeps the body fresh and clean internally.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

UEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "For the Adornment and Protection of All Surfaced'Use BENNETT'S 'Property Life Insurance"PAINT PRODUCTS Buy them from your local dpalpr

ASK YOUR DEALER FOR

X. C. M. I. FACTORYMADE

CHILDREN'S ALLOVERS In khaki and whitehacked Denim for Boyn

Khaki and PegK7 ClotheH. Dutch Cut for

Girl.

Boys'Playsuits Si/,'M I to S. In khnki. jeans, nnd whitenaUcd

Denim

The FamouM Mountaineer

Overalls GIVE SPLENDID SATISFACTION

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

Desires Would You Not Think it Marvelous?

Tour Income to continue even though accident or Illness should suddenly snatch or render for you unfityou away for Income college your work. An wife.—aeducation children. for your ownership In The ten years of your now. from home

The possibility of retirement and the joy of travel and leisure In your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realized if ynu act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy is the Key to Success Riots cut your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office. Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

HEBER.1. GRANT. President E. T. RALPHS, Manager

WHEN WRITING T.O ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA