i tw improvement bra February 1958;.-Hi&?Sfi99&ffikHONOLULU, HAWAII HILO, HAWAII

the greater moves to Main AMERICAN

AMERICAN SAVINGS is The Hawaiian Division of proud to be located in their AMERICAN SAVINGS spacious new offices at 63 operates with serving building'

Street.South Main These Hilo. Honolulu and Here

modern, convenientlylocated AMERICAN savings and loan home offices are your headmembers enjoy all the same quarters for INSURED savings privileges and modern conoffering insurance of your veniences, while their INsavings up to $10,000 by an SURED savings earn the highagency of the Federal Govest rate consistent with sound ernment and the benefits of policy. Leading the work in

membership in the Federal this division are:

Home Loan Bank System. Elmer C.Jenkins

AMERICAN is also the place Director, VicePresident and where you may arrange a loan Manager Hawaiian Division or buildto buy a home. DirectScott J. Floyding this are: work VicePresident, Division Hawaiian

F.J. Bradshaw Teruo Himoto

Director, PresidentManager Assistant SecretaryTreasurer,

G. Blair Bradshaw Hawaiian Division

Director, VicePresident...mm Tadashi Fukumoto

Howard C. Bradshaw Assistant Secretary, Hawaiian

Director, VicePresident Division

Estel L. Wright Tamotsu Aoki

Director, VicePresident, Assistant Secretary, Manager,

Guy Anderson, Secretary Hi to Branch

D. B. Cederlof

Assistant SecretaryTreasurer Marie P. Gio Vengo I&JS&-

Assistant Secretary T. E. Gaddis, Director

Mark D. Eggertsen, Director

3i% dme/ikari Sawiad CURRENT RATE New Home Office63 South Main

Salt Lake City, Utah

Offices in Salt Lake City and Granger, Utah Honolulu and Hilo, Hawaii

GRANGER, UTAH SilHMRISflW ah them mmm*mmJliSlllliSFll|p: 1111111 "FLAVOR* ir:

ill*:::::::::.:V::::: -. is not in the soup

BIIKiffl/:: (or the cheese or salad or dip, or whatever

you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

&?/ Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. JLhe fresh saltine goodness and crackling

crispness of these famous crackers, add

Pencils, Pencils their own perky touch to your enjoyment of

Frank L. Remthe hearty flavors in your favorite soup.

ington in Think has called attention to When the dish, or the simple snack, calls for the billionand-a- crackers, taste what a difference half pencils manSaltines by Purity makes.ufactured in the y

United States each year. The modern

pencil is essentially graphite and clay held in wood, although a total of about 40 different materials are used in the production. Currently 370

different types are made in 70 different colors and 18 degrees of hardness. A modern 7-inchlong pencil

can draw a 35mile long line or write an average of 45,000 words.

A New Generation

Biologists at California Institute of Technology have developed a fourwing fly, the fruit fly, Drosophila. This will provide a powerful tool in the study of how the genes

affect the development of organisms.

The regular twowinged Drosophila has been used widely in genetics studies because it produces a new generation with hundreds of offspring every 10 days.

A Lot of Water The total amount of water on the At yourfavorite grocer's earth has been estimated to be about in 1 and 2 pound cartons 340 million cubic miles.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatell

FEBRUARY 1958 65 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 2, February 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Prodigal Son President David O. McKay 78

Your Question: The Lord's Covenant with Abraham

President Joseph Fielding Smith 80

Seek Enduring Happiness (Family Hour Discussion Topic)

LeGrand Richards 86 The Last Supper, the Arrest—MIA Reading Course:

Jesus the ChristXX Doyle L. Green 94

The Church Moves On, 75; Melchizedek Priesthood, Priesthood Quorums can succeed

if..., 98; The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 100.

Special Features

Spiritual Values of Washington and Lincoln Leland H. Monson 82

Thoughts for your Inspirational Talk: on Patriotism 85

The MIA in Europe—Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis in Europe

Marba C. Josephson 92

Teachers, the Treasurers of Time Boyd K. Packer 102

Missionary Helps: "Cease to sleep longer than is needful"

A. Lewis Elggren 104

The Spoken Word from Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 104, 114, 116, 126

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 65; These Times: Educational Television,

G. Homer Durham, 68; Letters and Reports, 72; Bookrack, 77.

Today's Family: Smart Shopping in Modern Textileland

Lucile L. Trost 118

Are You, too, Allergic to Wheat? Edna M. Smith 123

The Last Word 128

Stories, Poetry Cover—"Sunset at Blackrock"is Hal Rumel's

To Be a King—Conclusion Hugh J. Cannon 89 description of his fullcolor

Poetry 84, 91, 97, 112, 114, 127 photograph from which our cover was reproduced.

The area of Great Salt a favorite Lake has been Editor; Editors; L. Green, Managing Doyle O. L. Evans, Richard David and McKay since point vantage

Editor; Editor; Production Elizabeth C. Associate Josephson, Managing Marba J. Moffitt, times. pioneer

Editor; T. Zobell, Editor; L. Eileen Manuscript Albert Jr., Gibbons, Research Gordon

Allred, Editorial Associate; Ralph Reynolds and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Elbert R. Curtis, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F.

Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans, Regional

Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Copyright 195S by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, S3.00 a year, in

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on

acceptance at the rate of l%c a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

please include address slip from a recent issue ordering a change, days'notice of address.Thirty required for change When

is included. as well as the old address the changes new one Address cannotof the magazine. be made unless

Picture credits and footnotes, page 127. Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I. Why the King

James Version

]. Reuben Clark, ]r.

The world's foremost Biblical authorities and scholars are quoted on

Biblical translations as President

Clark sets forth clearly and concisely the reasons why the LDS Church accepts the King James Version of the New Testament.

$4.75

3. Answers to

Gospel Questions

Joseph Fielding Smith 1.

President makes careful Smith analyThousands of young people questions sis perplexing of many asked by members of the Church on have been inspired to better interpretation and doctrine and gives living by the Devotional, forthright, answers. authoritative

pertinent questions These from come areas, diverse young from and held weekly on the Brigham many old alike. Young University campus.

$2.50 Here, in one volume, arranged according to subject,

are excerpts from speeches given at these Devotionals 4. Intimate Disciple by General Authorities and

such well known people as Claire Noall Cecil B. DeMille. $2.95

An impelling documented story about the pioneer leader Willard Richards.

His story is one of unswerving faith and loyalty to the Mormon cause, iiihiTTm particularly during the troublesome period of the 1840's.

$4.75 Dc5CrctSiBooh Of,

.44 Easr South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

5. The Story oi the

Book of Mormon

George Reynolds

DESERET BOOK COMPANY classic beautifullywritten This LDS Temple South East 44 rereprinted, popular has been by

City, Utah Salt Lake of generations quest, so that new readers may enjoy this easyto-read account of ancient happenings on the American continent. Gentlemen:

$3.00 Enclosed you will find ( ) check

( ) money order ( ) I have an account.

Please charge. Amount enclosed $

6. Handy Scripture for encircled (numbered) books:

Guide 1 2 3 4 5 6

Benjamin Alward

Name This handy pocketsize reference book contains scriptures supporting the main features of the Restored Address

Gospel. Missionaries and teachers

will find this book especially useful.

City Zone State $1.75 Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

FEBRUARY 1958 67 Now! Wood Paneling

at half the usual cost! These Times

PREFINISHED PLYWOOD PANELING

Adds Rich New Beauty to Any Room Plywall is an exclusive new development in plywood, with random V-Grooved Plank effect.

offersIt the and richness charm at half Educational Television paneling lovelyof wood the usual cost. Easy to install—

either in new construction or over by Dr. G. Homer Durham

existing walls. Smoothly finished, Vice President, University of Utah

sealed and lacquered.

The members of your family ( and This, of course, is the challenge probably you) spend four hours or of commercial television as well as 9 POPULAR GRAIN FINISHES more a day looking at television if educational television. Billions of

you own a set and live in the United dollars are spent each year by the

States. If you don't live in the USA, commercial stations. The great

Sliced Limed Oak you probably own a set also; if not, American networks produce some

Silver Gray Oak depth features that carry will. daily habits and marvelous soon Our you

Sliced White Oak entertainfar beyond meaning life and transformed. are being of way Black Sliced Walnut television educational But ment. anticipated ago, Forster, years E. M. Sliced Blonde Walnut

Sliced Fruitwood some of the possibilities that could has a distinctive challenge, in two

Rotary Cut Natural Lauan result in his story, "The Machine aspects: (1) in programs beamed

Cherry Birch Stops."In this story, man had beover channels parallel to the comcome attuned to seeing the world in mercial ones; (2) more especially,

his own living quarters, to automatic in closedcircuit transmission for climate, food, change of clothing, strictly formal educational purposes.

bed linen, and whatnot—all provided Both aspects may well revolutionize

by electronics and machines. But the process and the growth of learnwhen the central power station ing.

stopped, man stopped. By the time this appears in print,

Our dependence on machines and viewers in Utah will have become electronics is clearly apparent. Telefamiliar with the initial offerings of

vision, also, is like a great magnet, KUED, Channel 7, Salt Lake City, drawing the family together in a owned and operated under license corner. But man's destiny and purfrom the Federal Communications

pose is to be more than a spectator. Commission by the University of

AVAILABLE AT He must also be a participant. Can Utah; and offering programs in coYOUR LOCAL LUMBER televisionstimulatingbeimprovedcreative, action,the meansbetterof Televisionoperation withFoundation,the Utah Educationala nonprofit

DEALER behavioral patterns, richer lives? corporation which includes repreDISTRIBUTED BY

MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Treasures for your Library... DS

KNOWLEDGE IS POWER

By Sidney B. Sperry

Here is a unique collection of facts and information which introduces the reader into a world of fascinating new sidelights to ancient and modern scriptures.

Many of the chapters, published in the Improvement

Era, have won wide acclaim. The content of the

chapters is as intriguing as their headings: "Did Paul

and Jesus Marry?""Did Father Lehi have Daughters?"

"What is the meaning of the Urim and Thummim?

And how did the Instrument Function?""The Inspired

Revision of the Bible.""The Dead Sea Scrolls and

Their Significance for Latterday Saints."and "New

Light on the Great Apostasy."Here is a book that

belongs in every L. D. S. library.

$3.00

THY WORD IS TRUTH

By Dr Milton R. Hunter

Here is a marvelous companion volume to two very popular previous works by Dr. Hunter: Gems of Thought

and Gospel Sermonettes. From cover to cover, this farreaching book is packed with authoritative material

extracted from 72 inspiring talks given by General

Authorities of the Church. Excellent material for anyone

preparing talks for Sunday School, MIA or Sacrament meetings. Contains an upto-date explanation of Church

doctrines, admonitions, and instructions.

$1.50 DO UNTO OTHERS By Carl W. Buehner

Each of the many marvelous programs of the Church has produced its share of unshakeable testimonies. In his

travels throughout the Church, the author has collected 00$* hundreds of these heartwarming and spellbinding experiences, injecting here and there his own rich experiences and downto-earth philosophy. Ideal for

random reading... but difficult to stop

once you've started.

$2.00

BOOKCRAFT 2-58 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah I

Please send the following books for which I enclose I $.- ( ) check or ( ) money f

order. I

I BOOKCRAFT Name PUBLISHERS TO THE LD.S. TRADE

< 7'Z"i I Address

I City State. 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 L

FEBRUARY 1958 69 HOT WATER sentation from Utah State University the teacher remains the major deof Agriculture and Applied Science, terminant in student responses and attitudes, whether in TV or in other 3 TIMES Brigham Young University, the Utah State Board of Education, the Salt classes.

simiplanners at the University Some AS FAST larLakeorganizations.City Schools, and other of California indulged at Berkeley

The first telecast in 1926 featured in a "daydream about the future"the image and voice of a young at a recent meeting on problems of—,rPl Utahn from Pleasant Grove, Utah, higher education held in San Fran- "nmnif Dr. A. Ray Olpin, then a research cisco. They visualized the campus

;!:: scientist with the Bell Telephone of the future. Its important center, IW 111

Laboratories, now president of the like the library of today, was a huge

University of Utah. President Olplace filled with many small cubipin's phrase to describe the future cles. Each cubicle contained a TV RECOVERY"facilities. potentialities is screen There and sound of educational TV

v: $ to buttons, capwere dials and "new highways—superhighways many

the mind."able of producing thousands of comin to give Experimentation channel binations impulse to thouopen ELECTRIC-4 circuits. is fairly sands of electric well advanced. vvL.1 jjjj: telecasts WATER ZC San Francisco's KQED (managed The student in chemistry would

HEATER fM Ogden,by JamesUtah,Day,incidentally)a former residentand staof hearenter Limusa cubicle.PaulingIf explainhe wantedmolecuto

tions in many other areas have been lar structure in certain hydrocarbons, operated for several years. No comhe would consult a catalog and dial

Presto! Professor combination. is a stations with commercial LIVE BETTER petition Pauling, involved. stations educational Nobel prizewinner, The

ELECTRICALLY aim at specific rather than at mass appear and report. Later, wouldif he

with fULL audiences. And each audience wanted to see and hear Henry Eyring

HOUSEPOWER aimedGatheringat involvesspeeda specificand knowhowinterest. heexplainwouldthedialtheorythat ofcombination.rate processes,If

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. also is the closedcircuit technique. he didn't get the substance the first

Closedcircuit TV is being used in time, like reading the book the secan increasing number of college and ond time, he could redial and hear university campuses for regular inand see it explained a second time.

structional purposes. The Ford Limitations would exist, such as the

Foundation, through its Fund for necessity of practical laboratory the Advancement of Education, has work. But this new "library"(or

invested large sums in experimenting rather, addition to the old library) with this medium. Recently, Miami would permit the student to pursue

University at Oxford, Ohio, released advanced studies as thoroughly and a report of study in instructional prorapidly as he desired!

cedures. The findings have unusual The dream may not materialize in

interest. I summarize them briefly the Berkeley planners'fashion. But

as reported October 1, 1957. we may be assured that educational

1. College professors are keenly television is coming fast, is here to

interested in improving instruction. stay, and with wise development

2. They make in general, however, will open new vistas for human

inadequate use of audiovisual aids, achievement. The revolution in livand closedcircuit TV meets with ing and behavior seen since World

The Intermountain West's Largest and some faculty opposition. War II as the result of commercial

Finest Selection of: 3. TV probably will be restricted television is only an indication.

to enrolling formerly courses large do with did you numbers, What Bridal Gowns—Lingerie four hours a day unecothe you has been found to be now spend as TV Bridesmaids Dresses—Accessories nomical for small classes. watching TV? The additional op-

4. TV teaching is more demandportunity to select how you spend

ing on teachers than regular methalmost onesixth of your life in the ods. future ( if the trend persists and con-

5. Studies over three semesters tinues ) can well be enhanced by the

demonstrate that students in TV advent of openchannel educational courses achieve as much as students television. But the exciting chalin the same courses taught by tradilenge is what can be done, what may

tional means, but students tend "to develop, with the new audiovisual become progressively disenchanted medium in school and on campus.

with television instruction as the Developments here will shape the 60 East South Temple year progresses."future, including the future of comSalt Lake City, Utah 6. The personality and ability of mercial and educational channels.

"Across from the Church offices and

Lion House"

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRECISE AND PRACTICAL! That's

the Planter News from AllisChalmers

At planting time, so much depends on timing, on each side of the seed. Growth starts fast!

depth, soil pack and spacing... and the big Clean, simple design eliminates the weight,

yieldmaking difference in stands shows up so clutter and cost of unnecessary parts or attachsoon. That's why AllisChalmers engineers its ments. Close mounting with SnapCoupler

drill planters so precisely, yet keeps the design hitch brings fast job changeover. This agile

so clean and simple. planter lifts and turns on a minimum of land...

Every seed drops straight down the short cuts down on wasted space and time.

14inch boot... no bouncing or bunching when This year... whatever your row crops may

drilled... no skipping or scattering when hillbe... make every seed count... the costsaving

dropped. Fertilizer from big, lowset gear or AllisChalmers way

gate -type hoppers separates into twin bands ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

SNAPCOUPLER is an AllisChalmers ALLISCHALMERSmtrademarks

FEBRUARY 1958 71 Samsonite Exclusive!::: -:::::—::.::;::::.::.;—:':.;.:—:::....

brings the upholstered look to the world's Letters strongest steel chair and Reports

GOALS CAN BE REACHED

Nineteen Scouts and scouters received the Eagle Scout award at the court of honor held at Midvale Fourth Ward, Midvale (Utah) Stake, September 29. The

Your school instantly guestClyde ofof honorUtah. wasFiveGovernorExplorersGeorgereceivedD.

takes on new elegance with theDoman,SilverchiefExplorerexecutiveawardsof thefromGreatRulonSalt. Samsonite PlastiShield butLakethreeCouncil,of theBoyScoutsScoutsstartedof America.as a groupAll;

folding chairs! in the Primary Association's Trekker class

and the Guide Patrol. For the past five

""I;;::.--. years the troop and post have been under Standing left to right—Gordon W. Jensen,

the same leadership. scoutmaster; Lester L. Petersen, guide

Reported by Lester L. Petersen of patrol leader; Arland L. Russon, instituTroop 159. tional representative; Seated—Carl F. Allirmrvx mendinger,Arden E. Webb,chairmanassistanttroop scoutmaster;commander;

David L. Merchant, troop committeeman.

Samsonite has discovered that vinyl "ACTION IS GROWTH"sealed to steel actually resists damage better—is more durable. What's more, "Action is growth"is the favorite phrase

PlastiShield, guaranteed by GOOD ofwhoSamuelat 79 F.is stillLeigh,a veryof Cedaractive City,memberUtah,of

HOUSEKEEPING, has the look and feel the Church. (He is shown with his wife

of fabric to go along with its colossal looking at the November 1957 Era.) In

strength. In washable tan or grey monk's young1904, moremissionarythan servingfifty yearsin Colorado,ago, as hea

cloth pattern. began reading the Era, and he has been

a subscriber since, ever having of many is slashSamsonite the volumes for reference. bound He Knife proof! blades are

ineffectual against Front, left to rightDavid Allmendinger,

PlastiShield's surface. Darrell Ross, Wayne Allmendinger, Brent

or tear. Won't nick, cut Phillips, Gillen, David Young. and Robert

Samsonite is burnSecond row—Kent Woodward, Dennis Cox,

proof! Let cigarettes Lynn Gadd, Douglas Gadd, David Morburn right down to the chant, Kent Steppan, Ford Stevenson,

tip—not a sear or singe Roger Martineau, Howard Kempton.

on PlastiShield's surTop row—Don Davis, assistant post adface. viser; Arden E. Webbs, 1st scoutmaster;

Melvin Gadd, scout commissioner; Gordon

Samsonite is stain- W. Jensen, scoutmaster; Governor George

proof! PlastiShield's Dewey Clyde; Lester L. Petersen, guide

protective surface patrol leader; Frank Steppan, post adsponges clean. Even nail viser. David Nicol received an award

polish or polish remover but was absent when picture was taken.

rubs right off.

FOR FREE BOOKLET write today to: Shwayder Bros.,

Inc., Institutional Seating, Dept. ie-z. Detroit 29, Mich.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How Standard "beefs up"cattle to help meet the West's growing food needs

Producing 575,000 more tons of beef by 1967 to supply ourt growing population New Standard plant foods have produced twice as much beef from a single acre—

enough extra beef to supply an average person for a solid year.

Who eats the most meat in the U.S.? You do—surveys show

Westerners top the nation in meat consumption. Now Standard

helps ranchers satisfy that hearty appetite with chemically blended plant foods,* so economical they can be used to turn unproductive foothills into profitable pastureland.

These new blends of essential plantgrowth elements come from 1,000,000 tons 1,575,000 tons a $16 million Standard plant opened just a year ago. Grasslands 1 957 1 967

they have enriched are now producing up to twice as much beef t? Western States

per acre. Farmers find them equally productive on many other

crops. For you they promise tastier, more nutritious meals for *ORTHO PLANT FOODS are made and

every dollar you spend on food. Californiasold by Standard'sSprayChemicalwholly ownedCorporation.subsidiary

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

FEBRUARY 1958 73 was a member of a bishopric for twentyfive years, including six years as a bishop.

He has been a patriarch since 1930. For

five decades he has taught in both the

Sunday School and MIA. He has just

been released after five years of teaching the Cedar Piute Indians. He has an enviable record in civic affairs as well, with

years of service on the city council, county commission, and as selective service board member. Brother and Sister Leigh are the

parents of four children.

Cody, Wyoming Editors: are in order on your sB am ir": "JIM DearCongratulations

November issue of The Improvement Era.

So many people have stopped me on the r street to tell me how very fine they it! thought it was.

Best wishes ever.

Sincerely, Edward T. Grigware

Artist

Los Angeles, California!?* Dear Editors: If you can spare them I would very

much like to have two or three copies of the issue of the Era in which you ran the Cody Mural reproduction.

I understand that the pressroom crew came up with a very fine job, which I was sure they would do. They seem to

know their business.

Best regards.

Sincerely, Fred Bond Outdoor PhotographyGet Your Education San Francisco, California

Dear Sir: This is to congratulate you on the exintro- have layout cellent changes youThe Y's Way-- I think Era. Improvement The duced into

you will find that if this policy of imWith outstanding faculty and facilities and a philosophy provement is continued, you will soon in superior not only a publication have is inspiringof education, its unusually balanced BYU its ability in to superior content, but careers to great in a scientific age. studentsmotivated its of course, content, which, merchandise

BYU graduates are in demand over the nation because is the secret of successful publishing.

of their superior training, not only in their academic Cordially, fields but also in preparation for life. The Church uniJohn P. Russell,

versity is able to train the WHOLE man, resulting in AdvertisingFederal PacificManagerElectric Company deep education of mind and soul together. Get your

Denver, Coloradoeducation the Y's way. Plan now to attend spring

Editors: Dear

quarter. for the DecemThank you so very much

ber issue of The Improvement Era. I have

Spring Quarter Registration, March 24, 1958 refreshmentread it with andmuchenlightenment.pleasure and spiritual

For information write Public Relations Dept. lem,"Youris article,most illuminating,"Jesus Returnsinspirational,to Jerusaspirit brings It truly of our one the

Christmas. the I enjoyedBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY andSaviorbeautifully written. and

PROVO - UTAH ticle, "The Man of Nazareth,"by PresidentarDavid O. McKay exceedingly. Am very

happy to have a poem in this beautiful issue.

Cordially, Mary Lucretia Barker Salt Lake City, Utah Dear Editors:

Many thanks for the "new"Era. The

color illustrations are truly lovely, and the articles by the general authorities are excellent. The "layout"makes the magazine

more readable and attractive. You are

certainly to be congratulated. Best wishes.

M. Ellsworth

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church lorSijtp in comfort with individual seating by Moves On

More and more 1 HEYWOOD- 1 places of worship WAKE FIELD are featuring individual comfort and privacy with HeywoodWakefield November 1957 seating. Tastefully designed and

manufactured to highest quality standards, chairs are available with General Superintendent George R. Hill of the Sunday School

a variety of hymnal racks and aisle announced the appointment of Willis S. Peterson of Salt

ends adapted to the requirements Lake City to membership on the Deseret Sunday School specific of denomination. each

illustrated folder. Union board. for Write

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY Church Seating Division MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Lyman S. Shreeve as president of the Salt Lake Valley

Regional Mission. He succeeds President G. Wallace Fox.

President Shreeve, a veteran of missionary activity, has served three missions, two in Argentina, and one presiding in the Uruguayan

Mission. May We

DEMONSTRATE Elder Lloyd R. Hunsaker sustained as president of Logan

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD (Utah) Stake, succeeding President Henry R. Cooper. President Hunsaker had been President Cooper's first counselor.

SEATING Elders Ernest G. Earl and Allen Meikle sustained as counselors to

President Hunsaker. Elder K. Ray Robinson, second counselor in

TO HEYWOOD- 1 the former presidency, was released. 'WAKEFIELD

YOU?

The First Presidency announced that the term of service of missionary calls to the Southwest Indian Mission would

We also sell: henceforth be two and a half years. Previously it had been

two years. The extra six months are needed, as in the other foreignClarin Folding Chairs tongue fields, to learn the language.

Church Pews Folding Partitions Flannelboards President David O. McKay dedicated the chapel of the

Blackboards Miami (Florida) Rranch, Southern States Mission.

Stage Curtains Elder Rulon S. Rasmussen sustained as president of

South Sevier (Utah) Stake, succeeding President William B.

Paper and Janitorial Supplies Daniels, with whom he served as first counselor for eleven years.

9 Mimeograph and Ditto MaElders Heber C. Christiansen and Elton C. Roberts were sustained

as President Rasmussen's counselors. Elder John B. Magleby, second counselor in the former presidency, was released.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Arthur M. Jensen as president of the Uruguay Mission, suc-

& SUPPLY CDMPANY ceeding President Frank D. Parry. President Jensen, who

SALT LAKE OGDEN IDAHO FALLS lives in Capitol Hill Ward, Salt Lake City, has been president of the Mexican Branch in Salt Lake City for several years. He served

FEBRUARY 1958 75 as a missionary in the SpanishAmerican Mission in 193638. Mrs.

Jensen and the family, a daughter and two sons, will accompany him to his field of labor.

December 1957

President David O. McKay dedicated the chapel of the Deer

Park (Florida) Branch, Southern States Mission.

"A New Witness for Christ,"was the title of the sermon delivered by Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve on the Church of the Air program of the Columbia Broadcasting

System's radio network.

Elder Milan D. Smith sustained as president of Washington

(DC) Stake, succeeding President J. Willard Marriott. President

Smith's counselors are Elders Joseph H. Tippits and Robert W. Barker. President Marriott's counselors, Elders Samuel R. CarpenSAFEWAY

ter and Frank C. Kimball, were released. A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY

FRIEND OF THE FARMER Santa Ana Stake, the 251st now functioning in the Church, formed from portions of Orange County (California) Stake, with Elder Karl C. Durham, former second counselor in Safeway for many years now

Orange County Stake, sustained as president. His counselors are has been the largest buyer of

Elders Floyd Martin Carlson and Dean Wilson Francis. The new fresh fruits and vegetables grown

stake, with a membership of 4272, is made up of seven wards: in Utah. Annual purchases of Westminster, Santa Ana, Garden Grove, Garden Grove Second,

Laguna, Orange, and Costa Mesa. President John C. Dalton reUtah agricultural commodities

mained president of Orange County Stake with Elder Justin B. by Safeway currently run about

Lillywhite continuing as first counselor. The new second counselor $25,000,000.

is Elder Gerald L. Ericksen. Orange County Stake has a membership of 3569 and includes Fullerton, Buena Park, Buena Park Second Many of these products are

(created after the division of the stake), Anaheim, and Anaheim sold in Utah Safeway Stores.

Second wards. The changes in the stake organizations were effected Many others are shipped to other

by Elders Harold B. Lee and Marion G. Romney of the Council states, providing new outlets for

of the Twelve. surplus Utah crops.

Elder Max C. Mortensen sustained as president of Yellowstone (Idaho) Stake, with Elders Robert L. Archibald and Edlund A good example is Bartlett

D. Clark as his counselors. They succeed President William J. pears. Last fall, with a bumper

Lewis and his counselors, Elders Edgar O. Westerberg and Sherman crop, some 39,000 bushels of

Hess.

Elder Clifford U. Gee sustained as second counselor in the Park Utah Bartlett pears were shipped

(Salt Lake City) Stake presidency, succeeding Elder LeRoy A. out of the state. Of these, 29,000

Drechsel. bushels were shipped by Safeway

to Nevada, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho, Colorado, Kansas, NeFirst E. the Presidency appointment announced The of Jay braska, South Dakota, Missouri, Choir. director as assistant of the Salt Tabernacle Lake Welch

He fills a position left vacant in September when Richard P. Iowa and New Mexico.

Condie, an assistant choir director, succeeded J. Spencer Cornwall

as director of the Tabernacle Choir. Elder Welch is 32 years old,

and a native of Salt Lake City. He was graduated from the UniSAFEWAY IS A FRIEND

versity of California at Los Angeles in 1945. He studied at the

Paris Conservatory after filling a mission to France and obtained a OF THE FAMILY... AND

master's degree in music from Mills College, Oakland, California, in 1951. For several years he has been affiliated with the University A FRIEND OF THE

of Utah. FARMER

An increase of nearly fifty thousand young people ( and those who like to stay young) on the rolls of the Mutual Improvement Association and a one percent increase in average weekly attendance for the year ending last June were announced. The total enrolment was 405,362; the average weekly attendance SAFEWAY

was fiftythree percent.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Salt Lake City...

Air Capital of the West!

WESTERN AIRLINES'flights now assure you

Bookrack of modernwith airconnectionsservice toto45allcitiesthe world!in the West

DO UNTO OTHERS...

Carl W. Buehner. Bookcraft, Salt

Lake City. 1957. 17S pages. $2.00.

This volume is one that will readiENJOY AMERICA'S DC6B ly in the place a win hearts and as SMARTEST AIR SERVICE LUXURY FLIGHTS of the membership Churchminds a whole and includes heartwarming Luxury beyond compare... at no Nonstop to Denver and MinneapolisLos Angeles,stories that provide the right kind extra fare! Gourmet dining, orchids -T St. Paul. Nonstop to

of ammunition to stir its readers to for the ladies, many other San FranciscoOakland, and Reno.

greater activity in the Church. The delightful extras! Convenient departures.

author has divided his book into four sections: Stories I Like, My Trip

to the South Sea Islands, The Duty of the Ward Teacher, and Sermons and Writings.

Anyone who has ever heard Bishop

Buehner talk will want to own this book.-M. C. J.

MODERN DC6B DELUXE PRESSURIZED "... THY WORD IS TRUTH"AIRCOACH FLIGHTS CONVAIRS NORTHBOUND

Milton R. Hunter, Compiler. BookWestern's 4-engine DC6B aircoach, Headed for Idaho, Montana, or Cancraft, Salt Lake City. 1957. 128 pages. "The Night Owl,"offers you presada? Western's deluxe pressurized

$1.50. surized comfort at coach economy. Convairs turn those weary miles inThis compilation of excerpts from MinneapolisSt. Paul, $50.75. Las T to pleasant minutes!

the addresses of the General AuVegas, $20.05. Los Angeles, $30.25.

thorities affords understanding of

Church doctrine as well as advice for living better and richer lives.

With excerpts from all the living

General Authorities of the Church and two from Matthew Cowley, this book provides a wealth of material from which to quote authoritatively concerning Church doctrine.

The book is a valuable addition to any home library.—M. C. J.

HANDY SCRIPTURE GUIDE Benjamin Alward. Deseret Book

Company, Salt Lake City, Utah.

1957. 225 pages. $1-75.

This compilation from the standard works of the Church affords those who wish to study the gospel To Mexico City readily accessible quotations for constant perusal. The subjects under WESTERN

which the quotations are found include: (Continued on page 117) AIRLINES

FEBRUARY 1958 77 The by President

One of the most impressive parables ever told is the story of the Prodigal

Son. I remind you of it that you may

use it in your teaching, that you may use it as a warning.

Let us examine it—two boys had the

gift of choice, as precious as life itself.

One became dissatisfied with his surroundings (we are not told what caused the dissatisfaction) and he chose to leave his father's home. We are told

that he was "the younger son"; so likely

he was immature in his judgment. He

evidently longed for socalled freedom and wanted, so to speak, to try his wings. Accordingly, he said, "Father,

give me the portion of goods that falleth to me."(Luke 15:12.) The father gave

him his portion, and out the lad went.

Here is a case of volition; here is

choice—deliberate choice. Here is, in

a way, rebellion against authority.

Let us consider five things which I think contributed to that young man's downfall: First, Irritation at Restraint. A very

common experience in youth; perhaps

some of us can go back in memory and recall a time when we experienced some such feeling. I hope that those who

may recall such experiences will not also remember having spoken condemnatory words against their father or their mother. I hope there was not even a

thought that condemned them because it will stay with the person who had such a thought through life.

Perhaps parents have asked us not to go to parties unchaperoned. We resented it because we thought we knew

more than our parents. The Prodigal

Son felt the same. Matters were not

The Editors Page

Prodigal Son

David O. McKay

being conducted as he thought they should be conseeks for happiness in material prosperity alone. Our

ducted. "Part of this belongs to me,"he thought. needs, in place of the servants they should be have

"Give me my portion, and I will take care of myself."become a turbulent and seditious crowd, a legion of

Second, Selfconceit. It is a common thing for stutyrants in miniature. A man enslaved to his needs

dents of high school and college to arrogate to themmay best be compared to a bear with a ring in its selves superior knowledge. The Prodigal Son assumed nose that is led about and made to dance at will. The

just such arrogance. The second step toward his likeness is not flattering, but you will grant that it

failure was truly selfconceit. is true."

Fifth, Riotous Living. This young man, the Prodigal

Extravagance is a vice Son, so we are told, wasted his substance and weakThird, Extravagance. The Prodigal Son possessed ened his character in riotous living. As a result, he

plenty of means and opportunity to gain favor among found himself tending swine. The Savior uses that

his associates. He could be a hailfellow-wellmet as the lowest of occupations, and the people to whom

sort of person, be praised, complimented, and flattered; Jesus spoke considered it just that.

so he spent extravagantly, which is a vice. He was a total failure in life, a good illustration of

A great lesson in life is to learn to spend less than how quickly a young man may descend to that plane we earn. It is surprising how much success depends of existence in which all created animals live only to

upon that little practice, and how quickly failure can satisfy their appetites and gratify their passions.

come in business or to an individual who spends more Dulled was his appreciation of the spiritual realm than he earns. I am not referring now to investwhich includes intellectual aspiration, the love of the

ments—investment in education, investment in propergood, the true, and the beautiful, and of other attrity—I am referring to unwise expenditures. butes of the soul which make life sweet and wholeMany successful men have had to economize when some such as kindness, consideration, sympathy, and

they were going through school. I read the other day love—the most divine attribute of the human soul.

of one man who lived on one meal a day and became As surely as the sun rises in the east, youth who one of the greatest scientists of the world. I have start out to indulge their appetites and passions are

in mind a very dear friend and associate, when I was on the downward road to apostasy. I do not limit

principal of Weber Academy, who slept on a hard this statement to youth; any man or woman who

board for a bed, who prepared his own scanty meals starts out on that road of intemperance, or dissolute while at school, but who eventually became president living, will separate himself or herself from the fold of one of our leading educational institutions. as inevitably as darkness follows day.

Fourth, Intemperance. Indulgence in tobacco, intoxicants, stimulants, and the like, gives a false im- "a knave or a fool"

pression of joy, pleasure, and success. The Prodigal "My spirit shall not always strive with man"(Gen.

Son did not know, as many young men and young 6:3), says the Lord. His spirit will not dwell in an

women of today do not know, that those harmful unclean tabernacle, he has told us. He who tries to

things are about as useful to the body as dynamite live a double life in violation of his covenants is would be in building a home. "either a knave or a fool."Often he is both, because

Charles Wagner in The Simple Life says, "Let your he himself is using his free agency to gratify his pasneeds rule you, pamper them, and you will see them sions, to waste his substance in riotous living, to violate multiply like insects in the sun. The more you give the covenants that he has made in the house of God.

them, the more they demand. He is senseless who I wish to say to eveiy- (Continued on page 111)

1958 79 In these pages is answered clearly

earth blessed through

QUESTION: "In our studies of the scriptures the question arose as to the meaning of the

covenant of the Lord made with Abraham as recorded in Genesis, chapters 17, 18, and 22. We understand

the promise that his seed would be a great and mighty nation and that this covenant was to be everlasting, but we do not understand the promise, 'In thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed.'Israel

during most of its history was an exclusive nation which had been forbidden to mix with the surrounding nations, and down through the years the Jews have maintained that exclusiveness. How are the nations of the earth blessed through Abraham and his

seed?"ANSWER: These passages in Genesis do

not convey the full significance of this covenant the

Lord made with Abraham. Without doubt much of

the promise of blessings to the nations has been lost Your through the transcribing and translating of the scriptures. In the book of Abraham we find a more accurate account as follows:

"My name is Jehovah, and I know the end from Question the beginning; therefore my hand shall be over thee.

"And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will by Joseph Fielding Smith bless thee above measure, and make thy name great

President of the Council of the Twelve among all nations, and thou shalt be a blessing unto thy seed after thee, that in their hands they shall bear this ministry and Priesthood unto all nations;

"And I will bless them through thy name; for as

Note—Response to Your Question is so many as receive this Gospel shall be called after thy

great that but a small percentageit is possibleof the toquestionsanswer onsubmitted.these pagesIn name, and shall be accounted thy seed, and shall rise

to advisable answer seem some cases it may questions This done, by mail. of up and bless thee, as their father; can be

course, only addressif youwhenincludeyou yourwrite.—].nameF.andS. "And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse

them that curse thee; and in thee (that is, in thy

Priesthood) and in thy seed (that is, thy Priesthood), for I give unto thee a promise that this right shall continue in thee, and in thy seed after thee (that is to say, the literal seed, or the seed of the body) shall all the families of the earth be blessed, even with the blessings of the Gospel, which are the blessings of salvation, even of life eternal."1

The greatness of the Israelitish nation in Palestine

(See page 127 for references.)

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and succinctly, "How are the nations of the

Abraham and his seed? 99

does not enter into this question. David made Israel hold, I will lead thee by my hand, and I will take

a nation of power to be respected. In the days of thee, to put upon thee my name, even the Priesthood

Solomon its fame had gone to all parts of the known of thy father, and my power shall be over thee.

world, but because of wickedness in Solomon's later years and following, decay set in because of the re- "My name shall be known"bellion of the people of Israel. First came the carry- "As it was with Noah so shall it be with thee; but

ing away of the ten tribes into Assyria, from which through thy ministry my name shall be known in the country they never to this day have returned. From earth forever, for I am thy God."3

these exiles many without question found their way It was to be by scattering the children of Israel into the area which formed the nations of northern among the nations of the earth that the Lord would

Europe. The greater body however has been hidden bless them and make them entitled to the blessings

away by the hand of God to be restored at a later of the gospel. The Lord took measures for this scatday. Then scarcely more than a century after the tering soon after the Israelites entered the land of

ten tribes were taken captive, the people of the naPalestine and had received their inheritances. For a

tion of Judah were carried captive into Babylon, and detailed account of this dispersion the reader is refrom that nation many never returned. After this ferred to the excellent work by Elder George Reynolds

captivity of seventy years, the remnant came back entitled, Are We of Israel? In this brief history the

to Palestine to continue as the nation of Judah. migrations and mixing of the Israelites in all parts of

the earth is shown; therefore it is not needful here to

Conditions before the flood go into any great detail showing this universal scatThe point in your question to be considered is how tering. Evidence of the mixing of the seed of Israel

were the nations benefited by the covenant made among the gentile nations is shown at the time of with Abraham? First let us take a view of conditions the feast of Pentecost when Peter and the apostles

before the flood. The Lord taught Adam the gospel addressed the assembly of Hebrews who had come

after he was driven out of the Garden of Eden, and to that feast, "devout men, out of every nation under the Lord commanded him to teach his children. This heaven."4 These people evidently had been born

Adam did, but we read that Satan Came among them in these foreign lands for they could not speak the saying: "Lam also a son of God; and he commanded language of the apostles and were astonished that

them, saying: Believe it not; and they believed it not, each heard them in his own tongue.

and they loved Satan more than God. And men We who accept the Book of Mormon know that the

began from that time forth to be carnal, sensual, and Lord led the Nephites and the Mulekites out of Palesdevilish."2 Therefore in the course of about sixteen tine to this western hemisphere. Likewise other

hundred years the world had become corrupt and colonies were taken to other parts of the earth. What

the Lord brought upon it the flood and cleansed it became of the Ten Tribes we do not know, but from from its iniquity. With Noah and his family a new the prophetic utterances of the Nephite prophets we

start was made, and the same commandments were know that long before the coming of our Redeemer, given, and the people began to multiply and spread the Israelites were scattered over the face of the out over the earth. Like the antediluvians they too globe. Nephi writing of this scattering had this to

soon forgot the commandments of the Lord and turned say:

to wickedness and idolatry. Therefore the Lord chose "Wherefore, the things of which I have read are

Abraham and commanded him to leave his native things pertaining to things both temporal and spiritual;

land and made a covenant with him that through his for it appears that the house of Israel, sooner or later, seed he would bless the world with the gospel. "Bewill be scattered upon (Continued on page 116)

FEBRUARY 1958 81 Spiritual Values of Washington and Lincoln

by Dr. Leland H. Monson

Head of English Department, Weber College

The contributions of Washington and Lincoln exmurders, drunkenness, and revelings"as fruits of the tend far beyond the limits of the continental United flesh—opposites of spirituality.

States. Their significance is worldwide. Interest in We recognize spirituality in these lines from the

them reaches to every corner of the earth where hupoets: "Unless above himself he can erect himself,

man hearts beat and where people love liberty. how poor a thing is man."

Spirituality is the common quality that undergirds "And ah for a man to arise in me, that the man I am the superstructure of their contributions to humanity. may cease to be."

By spirituality we mean the state of being spiritual, "Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, or refinement in thought and feeling, love of the good what's a heaven for?"

and beautiful, respect for the higher moral qualities, "Ah love! could you and I with Him conspireand ability to project ourselves as better than we are. To grasp this sorry Scheme of Things entire,

Paul lists "love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness,

Would we not shatter it to bits—and thengoodness, faith, meekness, temperance"as fruits of

Remold it nearer to the Heart's Desire."

the spirit, and "adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, It was leadership fired by such principles that emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, envyings, guided the actions of Washington and Lincoln. They

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sought to translate great spiritual concepts into inprecious than liberty, we need to take stock of such stitutions beneficial to all mankind. Washington was men as Washington.

more than the founder of this great republic. He was He was actuated by the highest motives. For exone of the early pioneers in civic righteousness and ample, a month before the fighting at Lexington and

liberty. The free people of the world today look to Concord, he wrote to his brother, John Augustine: "It

Washington as the great defender of the common is my full intention to devote my life and fortune in people. Speaking of the government he helped to the cause we are engaged in."In a speech before

found, Washington said: "Liberty is the basis; and Congress he said:

whoever would dare to sap the foundation, or over- "Lest some unlucky event should happen unfavorturn the structure, under whatever specious pretext able to my reputation, I beg it may be remembered he may attempt it, will merit the bitterest execration, by every gentleman in this room, that I this day dethe severest punishment, which can be inflicted by his clare with the utmost sincerity, I do not think myself injured country."Go to almost any land and you equal to the command I am honored with. As to the

will find little children being taught to honor his name pay, I beg leave to assure the Congress that, as no as a symbol of liberty, of honor, of integrity. At a pecuniary consideration would have tempted me to

time when some of us think peace and security more accept this arduous employment, at the expense of

FEBRUARY 1958 83 my domestic ease and happiness, I do not wish to "These unpleasant things,"he wrote, "must be met make any profit on it. I will keep an exact account with firmness."And eventually the people accepted

f my expenses. Those I doubt not, they will dishis leadership, so much so that Jefferson was prompted

charge, and that is all I desire."to write: "Such is the popularity of the president

Those who knew him best have commented on his that the people will support him in whatever he will lofty ideals. "There is something charming to me,"do or will not do, without appealing to their own

wrote John Adams, "in the conduct of Washington, reason or to anything but their feelings toward him."

a gentleman of one of the first fortunes upon the Washington's morality was based upon a belief in continent, leaving his delicious retirement, his family God. In his farewell address to his fellow countryand friends, sacrificing his ease and hazarding all in men, he noted that morality cannot be kept on a high

the cause of his country."Washington put his whole plane without belief in an omniscient power. "It is

future, his entire fortune, and even his life at stake impossible,"he w4rote, "to reason without arriving at for a great cause. "He was peculiarly devoted to large a Supreme Being."He knew also that democracy was

ideals and consecrated his life to the welfare of his rooted in the Christian concept of free agency and nation and mankind."Rupert Hughes points to his that only so long as democratic citizens choose the

unselfishness and writes that Washington often regood and the beautiful can we preserve liberty. Let

ferred to the cause of the "unborn millions."us not assume, he said in substance, that we can build

Even in private life he looked beyond himself and a great democracy without a deep and an abiding worked for the good of others. On one occasion, the faith in God.

lovable Washington helped to right a chaise that had There is much evidence to show that Washington tipped over on a Virginia highway and restore half a went to his Maker with his problems. Friend Potts, the

ton of luggage that lay scattered on the ground. Quaker, for example, relates that one day when on

Wealth and position did not keep him from strenuous his way up a creek, he heard the voice of prayer.

effort when his services were needed. Looking in the direction from which the sound came,

In public life there was the same dedication to high he soon saw Washington on his knees within a forest ideals. At least twice during his term of office, he of tall trees. His cheeks were wet with tears as he

acted counter to public sentiment. On the first occasupplicated his God for help. Potts quietly withdrew

sion when a French minister attempted to break without having been detected. When he arrived at

through neutrality that had been proclaimed, ten his house he said to his wife:

thousand people in Philadelphia threatened to drag "Hannah, Hannah, George Washington will sucWashington from his house and effect a revolution ceed! I tell thee Washington will succeed! The

in the government to compel him to support the Americans will secure their independence."

French Revolution. The second case was when he "What makes thee think so, Isaac,"inquired his

signed the treaty of 1795 with Great Britain, an act wife.

which met with much disapproval. In neither case "I have heard him pray in the forest today, Hannah,

did Washington swerve from what he thought right. and the Lord will surely ( Continued on page 124)

BOY OF DESTINY

by Mary B. Wall

Who saw the dawning dreams in Lincoln's eyes

Or dimly heard the faroff whispered tones

Of Gettysburg, our nation's dearbought prize,

When it was bare of ranked memorial stones?

Did no one mark the light of nobleness

Upon his rugged features, even then

Roughlined with thought, and was there none to guess

His calloused hand would hold a trumpet pen?

The gypsy breezes had no sibyl voice

To say, "Among you all he is the one;

This awkward boy is destiny's own choice,

Though known to you as toil's untutored son."

Once more the voice of prophecy was dumb

To guard the hero till this time had come.

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mm

Thoughts for your Inspirational Talk

on... Patriotism

Give me your tired,. your poor,

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, What constitutes the bulwark of our own

The wretched refuse of your teeming shore, liberty and independence?

Send these, the homeless, tempesttost to me, It is not our frowning battlements, our

I lift my lamp beside the golden door. bristling seacoast, our army and our navy.

—From Inscription on the Statue of Liberty, Our reliance is in the love of liberty which

Bedloe Island, New York Harbor God has planted in us. Our defense is in the

spirit which prizes liberty as the heritage of all men in all lands everywhere.

Nothing is more shameful than ignorance Destroy this spirit, and we have planted of one's Fatherland. the seeds of despotism at our very doors.

—Gabriel Harvey, Note,—Abraham Lincoln

Humphrey Lloyd's Breviary of Britain

That is a true sentiment which makes us He who loathes war, and will do everything feel that we do not love our country less, but in his power to avert it, but who will, in the more, because we have laid up in our minds last extremity, encounter its perils, from love the knowledge of other lands and other institu- i of country and of home—who is willing to

tions and other races, and have had enkindled sacrifice himself and all that is dear to him afresh within us the instinct of a common in life, to promote the wellbeing of his fellow humanity, and of the universal beneficence of man, will ever receive a worthy homage.

the Creator. -Abbott

—Dean Stanley

I In peace patriotism really consists only in

I this—that every one sweeps before his own

He, with liberal and enlarged mind, 1 door, minds his own business, also learns his

Who loves his country, cannot hate mankind. own lesson, that it may be well with him in

—Charles Churchill, his own house.

The Farewell, 1. 300—Goethe

I Abe Lincoln was a quiet and a melancholy m man. 1 These gentry are invariably saying all they

But when he spoke of democracy, I can in dispraise of their native land; and it

This is what he said:... is my opinion, grounded upon experience,

"As I would not be a slave, so I would not be that an individual who is capable of such baseperpetration at the hesitate not ness would master. a 1 to love villainy, next"of God, the for of any idea expresses of democracy. This my 1 of preventive best is the of country love the this, differs to the extent of the from Whatever

difference, is no democracy."i crime.

—From Material assembled—George Borrow, The Bible in Spain

by Aaron Copland I FEBRUARY 1958 1 85

When Jesus was about to be offered up as a sacrifice for the sins of the whole world, in instructing his disciples he said:

"Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples."

And then he added:

"These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full."

(John 15:8, 11.)

A fulness of joy, or enduring happiness, comes to one through the worthwhile things he does.

While serving as president of the Southern States

Mission, in holding a missionary report meeting, I called for a report from one of our missionaries who was a little slow of speech and yet quite a philosopher.

He commenced his report by saying, "Well, I am enjoying my work."Then he paused a few moments and

added, "You know, that is all I can enjoy; I can't enjoy

what I don't do."

When one is engaged in bringing souls unto Christ by teaching them the fulness of his gospel as he has Seek restored it to the earth in these latter days through his prophet Joseph Smith, he then is doing that which will bring him enduring happiness.Enduring That is what the Lord meant when answering the

inquiry of the early elders of the Church in this dispensation through the Prophet Joseph Smith as to Happiness what they might do that would be most worth while.

The Savior replied through the Prophet:

"And now, behold, I say unto you, that the thing by Elder LeGrand Richards which will be of the most worth unto you will be to declare repentance unto this people, that you may of the Council of the Twelve bring souls unto me, that you may rest with them in the kingdom of my Father."( D & C 16:6.

And then to other of the brethren he said:

"And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!"(Ibid., 18:15.

I never realized the full import of this statement and promise until I served as president of the Southern

In preparation for the next visit of States Mission and received a letter from a member of the ward teachers, it is hoped that the Church from Arizona in which he said that his father was one of the first converts to the Church out each family will read, as a part of of the state of Mississippi in the year 1840. Since that

their family hour, this stirring artitime his father and his own descendants had given a hundred years of missionary service to the Church and cle. It is one of a series in which there were then fifteen in the mission field, three of

General Authorities, in cooperation them in our mission.

I told this story in a missionary conference held by with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss the First Council of the Seventy in connection with a the monthly ward teaching topics. general conference of the Church in 1940, just one

Family Hour Discussion Topic

hundred years from the time this man's father joined Then in a discourse Alma delivered on the fruits the Church. And the man was in the meeting, and he of faith, he made this statement:

came up to me at the close of the meeting and said, "And because of your diligence and your faith and "It is now 165 years."When you add ten or fifteen your patience with the word in nourishing it, that it

years each year, it doesn't take long to add an addimay take root in you, behold, by and by ye shall tional one hundred years. pluck the fruit thereof, which is most precious, which

The missionary who waded through the swamps of is sweet above all that is sweet, and which is white

Mississippi in 1840 when many of our missionaries above all that is white, yea, and pure above all that is contracted malaria fever, had he brought but this one pure; and ye shall feast upon this fruit even until ye

man into the Church, might not have felt that he are filled, that ye hunger not, neither shall ye thirst."

had accomplished much, but in one hundred years (Ibid., 32:42.)

there was given to the world 165 years of missionary You will recall that the sons of Mosiah one by one service by this one man and his descendants alone. refused the kingdom which their father was desirous

Add to that the work done by a successive line of to confer upon them, preferring to continue their converts for the one hundred years, and you will have missionary labors among the Lamanites.

almost a nation of men and women. In the mission field, we held many report meetings

This experience helped me to understand what the with the missionaries lasting for several hours. There

Lord meant when he said: was often not a dry eye among the missionaries when

"And if it so be that you should labor all your days they would say, "When we were at home, we heard in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save the missionaries say that their mission was the happiest it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy time of their lives, and we didn't believe a word of it, with him in the kingdom of my Father!"(Idem.) and now we know what they were talking about."

Can you imagine the enduring happiness that misSuch statements as these are common among missionary will experience when he realizes how many sionaries when they have the spirit of their work.

owe their membership in the Church to his missionary In reporting his mission at a conference I attended labors? recently in Oregon, a missionary said, "I would not

Each missionary will have had similar experiences. take a check today for a million dollars for the ex-

A few years ago I received a letter from a missionary, perience of my mission."

a widow, then laboring in Germany, it being her third Another who had spent years in the service of his mission since the death of her good husband. She country, then laboring as a missionary stated: "There

said, "The Lord has accepted my humble efforts to isn't a company or organization in the world that serve him and guided us to the honest in heart, and if could pay me a large enough salary to get me to it is his will, we will be pleased to bring five souls to leave my mission field."

him within a month or so. The very thought of it Only recently a missionary who had just returned

fills my heart with great joy until I feel that it will from the Argentine Mission after spending an extra burst. Such happiness I have never known before in six months at the request of the mission president to

my life. How wonderful are the ways of the Lord!"help train the missionaries, when asked if he felt that

Only those who have been instruments in the hands his mission had been (Continued on page 110) of the - Lord in bringing souls unto him can appreciate that joy that fills one's soul as a result of such labor.

In expressing the joy he felt as a result of his missionary labors, the prophet Alma made this statement:

"O that I were an angel, and could have the wish Elderof thisLeGrandmonth'sRichards,familyauthorhour of mine heart, that I might go forth and speak with discussion topic, has been the trump of God, with a voice to shake the earth, Presiding bishop,Bishop stakeof thepresident,Church, and cry repentance unto every people! and since April 1952 a member

"Yea, I would declare unto every soul, as with the of the Council of the Twelve.

voice of thunder, repentance and the plan of redemption, that they should repent and come unto our God, that there might not be more sorrow upon all the face of the earth."(Alma 29:1-2.)

FEBRUARY 1958 87 Conclusion

To Be a King

Their wait was brief; before long a wellknown the lurking men withdrew from the road and became

follower of the Master accosted them. Overcome by as silent and immovable as the rocks among which

joy and exhaustion he was at first unable to impart they crouched.

the glad tidings. At last a single figure advanced warily from among

The Lord had risen! The sepulchre was empty, the rocks, moving forward with the query: "Is that

and Mary had seen and conversed with him. David you, Zebulon?"

and Father Elihu eagerly accepted the hope—wanting "Yes, Gideon, it is I."

to believe it with their very souls. However, as the "What news have you?"

days went by, they saw no sign of the resurrected one.

"What does it mean?"David repeatedly asked.

"Why does he leave us in such suspense?"

The old man replied, "One would think, David, from your numerous questions, that I am the believer and you the unbeliever."

"Father Elihu, I, am beginning to think your faith is more firmly established than mine. You concede

he has risen from the grave; why then his delay in

making it known to the world? It is true he has

triumphed over death, but his enemies still gloat over his followers."

"In all important events, my son, real triumph is a matter of eternities, not moments. I am concerned

with one question only. Is this Nazarene the Christ?

Can you answer that?"

David had never responded to this question without being thrilled by a divine power, and all doubt was again banished. He was, it seemed, transfigured before his old friend, and in his tone there was no

uncertainty.

"He is the Christ, the Son of God, and the Redeemer of the world. I know it now as never before—know

it as surely as Abraham knew his God. Let us go to

his followers and talk with them. Perhaps they will

be able to convince you as the Master did me."

The friends learned that the disciples had departed for Galilee. Although it was already late afternoon,

they decided to follow and on the way make Ruth acquainted with all that had occurred.

On a lonely spot where the road from Jerusalem to

Jericho winds along the mountainside, a dark group had collected. Night was coming. Few words were

spoken and those in almost inaudible tones. A richly

laded caravan approached, and, instead of attempting to plunder it, as one naturally would have expected,

by Hugh J. Cannon, a former editor of the Era

"David and Elihu were about to start as I left "This undertaking pleases me not at all. I sicken

Jerusalem. The old man is weary and will not travel at the thought of shedding the blood of men as blamerapidly, but they should reach your hiding place less as David and Elihu."

within the hour."Then he called to one standing "Each of these men has struck me and must die.

on the edge of the group. "Gideon, this night air chills For my own part,"Zebulon muttered venomously as

me. Have you some wine?"Zebulon drank greedily he bestirred himself and prepared to move on, "I

and sank into a deadened sleep. would delight in crushing David as I would a serpent

The time dragged. Finally Gideon grumbled, under my heel."

The Sea of Galilee.

FEBRUARY 1958 89 As soon as Zebulon had gone, quiet again settled think seriously of the new doctrine.

over the camp. "I often think of it,"she had replied, "but knowl-

"Awake, men,"Gideon ordered at last, "the hour edge such as you possess evidently does not come by has come. I hear the tramp of feet on yonder hill."mere thinking."

The men sprang up, seized their weapons, and During the ensuing night the oppressive uncerwaited. Then, to their amazement, Gideon spoke, tainty concerning his duty was dispelled, and David

"Men, you came here tonight to do murder! But arose determined to dispose of his property, as he

no such crime is to be committed."had been directed by the Master.

Instantly there arose an angry uproar among the Since attaining mature years he had dreamed of a group. "What of the reward? Will you pay it?"son upon whom to lavish his wealth. But during a

Gideon's harsh laugh echoed from the surrounding sleepless night he had concluded that it was better to hills. leave as a heritage to his posterity the enduring exam-

"You miscreants! I myself could put you all to ple of obedience to the Messiah's counsel rather than

flight, and what would you accomplish with David to endow them with perishable wealth.

and the mighty Hassan fighting on my side? Father His only question was whether Ruth would approve.

Elihu, too, has a sturdy arm. Remember, David has He had decided to ask her to make such a sacrifice,

money and is very generous. I shall tell him all that being at last convinced the words of Elihu were corhas occurred, and tomorrow perhaps I may have a rect, that no offering could be too great to make in

present for you."this glorious cause.

The men departed, grumbling. Their horses and Ruth, anticipating his decision, was not surprised.

camels had been tethered behind the surrounding Having chosen his course, David proceeded at once rocks, and in a moment all had entirely vanished. to follow it. Reports of his wonderful charities spread

over the country as if carried on eagles'wings, and

The reunion of husband and wife was a joyous one. requests for aid came from every quarter. No appeal

"David, what can I do,"Ruth asked solicitously, which seemed reasonably consistent was denied.

"to make you forget this consuming sorrow?"David, after a final interview with Gideon, had

Overcome by her tenderness David broke down given him enough to settle the claims which threatened and wept. Ruth exerted herself to recall him to his safety and to start him in an honest pursuit.

calmness. Then David and Elihu departed for Galilee. It

"I can never forget the Master's look as I turned was the young man's intention to turn over the reaway after he had advised me to give my property to maining part of his fortune to the Master should he the poor and follow him,"David finally said. "It appear to them, otherwise to the apostles for the use

could not be called reproachful nor unkind, but it of the Church.

did have in it much disappointment. And think of The friends ascertained where the disciples were

disappointing the Messiah! But for my unpardonable and hastened to them. Upon entering the room to

selfishness I might have saved his life, or at least have which they had been directed, Elihu eagerly begged died with him."that if possible he should be instructed how to obtain

"Died with him and left me alone? Why, David, the assurance his young friend had received.

surely you do not regret being here instead of having "And you really desire to possess this knowledge?"

given your life for the Nazarene?"asked the leader of the group of dis-

"Only in this way, Ruth: If one ciples.

gives up honor and integrity for life, "I would give all my wealth to one has paid too great a price."know,"was the answer.

"You have not given up honor, nor "Wealth is nothing compared with would I have you do so for life. But what you seek."

it would be wicked for you wantonly "I know money to you, as to your to die with this man, even if he is Crucified Leader, has never had what you think, when nothing could value; but I am willing to pay a

be accomplished by such sacrifice. price which did have meaning to

His own accepted followers did not him, the price of time and effort, of die with him."sacrifice. Are these not sufficient?

Then David related the experience Surely there is a way by which this with Gideon on the road, explaining inward craving may be satisfied?"

that their lives were spared because "Yes, there is a way."

the Spirit of the Master had touched "Make me acquainted with it, and

Gideon's heart. He urged her to I shall follow to its end though it

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN THE DESERT

by Edsel Ford

Mornings come softly across the desert,

As soft gray and still as the breast of a dove.

Mornings rise sweet from the foot of the mesa.

Mornings come singing, with sounds of love.

Evenings are different. Though coming as gently,,

Evenings settle. Though each seems new,

Evenings know we have been here forever—

The child in his cradle, the swift in his flue.

lead to death. Teach me his will and I will do it.""It is enough, my husband,"said Ruth, almost overThe supplicant finished speaking and awaited an come.

answer. The disciple's rapt gaze, extending beyond Was David's expressed wish that his testimony

them into space, thrilled the visitors. might be heard throughout the land heard on high?

Suddenly, as if a ray of sunlight had penetrated the Within a few days he was invited to meet with some oppressive wall of storm, the Master stood in their of the apostles and by them was asked to go as a midst. preacher of the word.

Had he relinquished all the kingdoms of the world, At the door of their humble abode Ruth anxiously

David would have been richly repaid by the ineffable awaited his return. A premonition of what impended

smile of love and confidence which this exalted Being had suddenly come upon her, leaving her white and bestowed upon them. Marks of the nails were disweak. She threw her arms about him.

cernible in the outstretched hands, but mental and "David, I feel sure you have been called to leave physical pain had vanished. Before them stood in me. You do not know what it means to me to have

glorious majesty the Redeemer of the world with all you go—especially now."

the sublime dignity of triumph. "What do you mean?"

Elihu, with an exclamation of surprise, clasped his "I mean I have a secret which it was not my intenyoung friend in his arms. tion to tell you yet—the sweetest secret a wife ever

"David,"he gasped, "that is the face I saw on the confides to her husband."

cross! But now! Look at it!"The old man fell to David again pressed her to his heart and kissed

his knees and raised his trembling hands toward the her tenderly.

Being before him. Tears of joy ran down his cheeks. "Ruth, I have prayed so fervently for this. And

David knelt by his side. For a moment thev worwhen I think that you and the babe will be mine forshiped inarticulately, and then Elihu exclaimed aloud: ever, I stand overwhelmed before the Almighty's

"My Redeemer and my King!"goodness. Can you grasp what it means to belong

to each other forever and forever?"

The testimonies of David and Elihu, added to a "I can only understand that heaven, as well as prayerful consideration of the subject, were sufficient earth, would be desolate without you, my husband.

in time to convert Ruth to the new doctrine. These You have until recently been accustomed to every

three had followed the example of Haran and Martha luxury and I'm afraid you will succumb to the privaand had been formally accepted as members of the tions of a preacher's life."

Church of Christ. "As always, you efface self and give first thought

"What must the actual heaven be like,"exclaimed to me. My strength may be relied upon but I fear

David on one occasion, "if a fleeting glimpse, seen greatly for you. I am leaving you with nothing."

dimly through a veil, awakens such inexpressible joy? "Nothing?"Ruth flashed proudly. "Why, you are

Oh, that my voice could be heard in hamlet and leaving me that for which many wives would give palace telling mankind everywhere of our experience! life itself—the assurance that you will return to me

Men look upon us as deluded creatures, when the as clean and pure as you go forth."

wealth of ages could not purchase our happiness in "Thank heaven, Ruth, for your faith in me. And

giving, our wealth away."with divine help that faith will not be misplaced.

A transcendent whiteness overspread their faces, But how will you fare?"

not from fear or faintness, but like Moses of old, from For a long time they were silent. Then Ruth

their nearness to divinity. said: {Continued on page 112)

FEBRUARY 1958 91 the in Europe

by Marba C. Josephson

Associate Managing Editor

The accompanying report and interview is a The International Scout Jamboree has nothing in result of the trip made by General Superinthe world with which it can be compared. Scouts

tendent Elbert R. Curtis to the International from 83 nations were officially represented in the

Scout JubileeJamboree held at Sutton Park, 1957 Jamboree, their colorful flags flying in the breeze

Warwickshire, England, and his visit to the Boy and their dramatic gate decorations attracting the atScouts'Headquarters of most of the European'tention of visitors and delegates alike. The Jamboree

Nations, which permitted him to introduce each was held in Sutton Park, England, once a royal huntof the ten European Mission presidents to the ing forest, which had been presented to the people leading Scout officials of Europe. of Sutton, Coldfield, by King Henry VIII in 1528.

, Superintendent Curtis, who holds the Boy The park, preserved in its natural state, extends over

Scout Silver Antelope Award, is prominent in 2400 acres of woods and moors, which with colorful the Boy Scout movement, his assignments includheather, running streams, and attractive lakes, has ing membership on the National Relationships become a sanctuary for wild life.

Committee, the National Explorer Committee, Mormon Scouts from such diverse places as the the Executive Board of Region XII, and ChairUnited States, Uruguay, Germany, Canada, England, manship of Section 6. and the Scandinavian countries mingled joyfully and

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA learned firsthand of the worldwide nature of the general. He was assisted by Ivan Call of Ely, Nevada,

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. From stake patriarch of Nevada Stake.

the United States, Scouts came from California in great Superintendent Curtis with his wife, Luceal traveled numbers, and from Idaho, Arizona, Nevada, and Utah by air from Salt Lake City to New York City; thence'

there were representative groups. to Glasgow Scotland. President Call traveled from

Prior to the wonderful National Boy Scout JamValley Forge to his embarkation point with the boys boree at Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, Elder Harrald and accompanied them by boat to England. The

S. Alvord, member of the general board of the YMMIA ship sailed the northern route past icebergs through

and Deputy Regional Executive for Region XII, had cold and stormy weather. After the scorching heat of

a severe illness which precluded his going both to the National Jamboree in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, the Valley Forge eyent and the International Scout this cold weather caused a number of the passengers

Jamboree in England, as chaplain general. to have influenza, but even this failed to cool their

Upon short notice General Superintendent Elbert enthusiasm for this glorious experience.

R. Curtis responded to an invitation from the naThe ways of travel are often mysterious, and the

tional Boy Scout authorities to assume the office in trip of 1800 American boys to the Jamboree was no

Brother Alvord's place and serve as Mormon chaplain different. Their gear (Continued on page 106)

FEBRUARY 1958 93 MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XX

The

"The Last Supper,"painting by Carl Bloch.

Last Supper,

by Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor the Arrest

Thursday, the fifth day of the Passion week, had arrived. Jesus had but a few more hours before he

would voluntarily give himself up to be mocked, tried, and slain for the sins of the world. Still he had many

things to teach his disciples. Calling Peter and John

to him he said, "Go and prepare us the passover, that we may eat."

"Where wilt thou that we prepare?"they asked.

"Behold,"he said, "when ye are entered into the city there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water;

follow him into the house where he entereth in.

"And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house,

The Master saith unto thee, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?

"And he shall shew you a large upper room furnished: there make ready."

The two disciples went as they were bid and made preparations for the Passover meal.

Where Jesus spent the day we know not, but when evening arrived he, along with the twelve, entered into the upper room to eat his last meal as a mortal.

It is a sad commentary on the weakness of human beings that the apostles of the Lord even on this sacred occasion argued among themselves as to who should be the greatest. Perhaps they were striving

for the honor of sitting next to the Savior at the Passover meal. In patience Jesus gently reproved them,

"The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise authority upon them are

called benefactors.

"But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest

among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is

chief, as he that doth serve.

"For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? Is not he that sitteth at meat?

But I am among you as he that serveth.

"Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations.

"And I appoint unto you a kingdom, as my Father hath appointed unto me;

"That ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel."

To emphasize and demonstrate his words to his

(See page 127 for footnotes.)

In the Garden diately left the room, they thought that because he of Gethsemane, painted by was the treasurer for the twelve Jesus had sent him

Heinrich Hofmann. to buy food or give money to the poor. When the

traitor had gone, Jesus continued with his teachings.

disciples, Jesus arose, Telling of his coming death, he said, "Little children, laid aside his garments, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me:

girded himself around but as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot with a towel, poured come; so now I say to you.

water into a basin, and "A new commandment I give unto you, That ye another; their love one to as you, began loved I have wash

this shall all 'c 't '"1 anc ro "By wipe them are that ye men know..my. disciples,::-T::': v; J5l. v '::ij:MS%.f:::lPfl

with the towel. if ye have love one to another."

What a lesson in Then they continued with their meal. During the

humility—the Creator course of it, Jesus introduced to his disciples the

- and Savior of the world Sacrament of the Lord's supper. Blessing bread and

on his knees performgiving it to them he said, "Take, eat; this is my body

ing this menial task! which is given for you: this do in remembrance of

When he came to Peter, the big fisherman said to me."Blessing the cup, he passed it to them, saying,

him, "Lord, dost thou wash my feet?""Drink ye all of it;

"What I do thou knowest not now"; Jesus answered, "For this my blood of the new testament, which is

"but thou shalt know hereafter."shed for many for the remission of sins."

Still Peter could not feature the Lord on his knees After the Sacrament was finished, the Lord spoke before one as unworthy as himself doing this service. to Peter. "Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath desired

"Thou shalt never wash my feet,"he said. to have you, that he may sift you as wheat:

"If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me,""But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not:

the Lord told him. and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethQuickly Simon Peter responded, "Lord, not my feet rem

only, but also my hands and my head.""Lord, whither goest thou?"Peter asked him.

When Jesus had finished his remarkable demonstra- "Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but

tion of love and humility, he put on his robe again thou shalt follow me afterwards,"Jesus answered.

and said to his disciples, "Ye call me Master and Lord: Peter was quick in responding, "Lord, I am ready

and ye say well; for so I am. to go with thee, both into prison, and to death."

"If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your "I tell thee, Peter,"the Lord said, "the cock shall feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet."He not crow this day, before that thou shalt thrice deny

added that he had given them an example, and indithat thou knowest. me."Turning then to his disciples

cated that the servant is not greater than his lord. he counseled, "Let not your heart be troubled: ye

"Verily, verily I say unto you,"he concluded, "He believe in God, believe also in me.

that receiveth whomsover I send receiveth me; and "In my Father's house are many mansions: if it

he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me."were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare

This lovely lesson and other experiences during the a place for you.

early part of the meal were marred by Jesus'knowl- "And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will edge that a member of the twelve, Judas Iscariot, come again, and receive you unto myself; that where

would betray him. Some of the events to follow, I am, there ye may be also.

however, were so sacred that Jesus did not want this "And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know."

disloyal disciple to be present when they took place But Thomas did not understand. "Lord,"he quesso he told the twelve that one of them would betray tioned, "we know not whither thou goest; and how

him. can we know the way?"

"Lord, who is it?"the astonished and sorrowful "I am the way, the truth, and the life": Jesus andisciples asked. "Is it I?"swered, "no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.

"Is it I?""If ye had known me, ye should have known my

"He is it, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and

dipped it,"Jesus answered. Then he dipped the have seen him."

bread into the liquid and gave it to Judas Iscariot. Philip then asked Jesus to show them the Father.

"That thou doest, do quickly,"the Lord said to him. "Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast

Evidently the disciples did not comprehend what was thou not known me, Philip?"Jesus answered; "he

actually to take place. Even though Judas immethat hath seen me hath seen the Father;..."He

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA then explained his relationship to his Father. "And this is life eternal, that they might know thee

"If ye love me, keep my commandments,"he inthe only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast structed. Then he told them then that he would give sent.

them "another Comforter, that he may abide with "I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished

you for ever; the work which thou gavest me to do.

"Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot "And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine

receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth own self with the glory which I had with thee before him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and the world was."Continuing his lovely prayer, he

shall be in you."prayed for his disciples and for all who would believe

This was the promised Holy Ghost, the third memin him. "O righteous Father,"he concluded, "the

ber of the Godhead, whom Jesus assured them he world hath not known thee: but I have known thee,

would send to the earth. "... he shall teach you and these have known that thou hast sent me.

all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, "And I have declared unto them thy name, and whatsoever I have said unto you. will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast

"Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: loved me may be in them,..."

not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not When the prayer was finished he turned again to

your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid."his disciples. "All ye shall be offended because of

The Last Supper had ended. The time for the beme this night,"he told them, but indicated that after

trayal and the arrest was near. After singing a hymn, he was risen he would go before them into Galilee.

Jesus and the eleven left the building and the city Peter said that he would not be offended beand went to the Mount of Olives. There, in that cause of the Lord and all of the rest of the disciples

peaceful setting, the Lord explained further his redeclared their complete loyalty. But Jesus reminded

lationship with the Father and his disciples'relationPeter again that before the cock would crow he should ship with him and the Father. Again he commanded deny him thrice.

them to love one another and indicated that "Greater From the Mount of Olives Jesus led his disciples love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his to a nearby garden called Gethsemane where they life for his friends."Again he explained about his had evidently been many times. Taking with him

death and about the Comforter or the Holy Ghost three of his disciples, Peter, James, and John, he went who would come. further into the garden.

The Lord then lifted his eyes up toward heaven "My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto death:"he

and said, "Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, told them, "tarry ye here, and watch."He then went

that thy Son also may glorify thee: into the garden alone, about a stone's throw, and

"As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that prayed: "O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup

he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou

given him. wilt."(Continued on page 112)

AFTER THE BLIZZARD

by Eva Willes Wangsgaard

Only for eyes, this motherof-pearl terrain,

Only for eyes—but touch this crystal tree,

Pluck but a twig, and tears are all your gain.

The fruits are shards teardampened instantly.

Only this frostdesigned Aladdin's cave

Bears gems too delicate for breath's frail stress.

Only these multicolored jewels lave

With tears the hand that pauses to caress.

One sunlit kiss from trembling lips of dawn

Will shatter this perfection. Feral, swift

As startled moths these fragile fruits are gone,

And the brown twig shudders bare above the drift.

FEBRUARY 1958 97 Melchizedek Priesthood

Priesthood Quorums can succeed if

This explanation is written especially for: performing the assignments given him in the Church.

1. Stake presidents; But if he is given direction from those who preside

2. Members of stake Melchizedek Priesthood comover him, he will do his work better and be in a more

mittees; and advantageous position to use his initiative and agency.

3. Melchizedek Priesthood quorum presidencies. The stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee (of

Will each brother serving in one of these capacities which the stake president is the chairman) is explease read! Think it over! Order the forms sugpected to:

gested! And give the proposals a fair trial for a year? 1. Know the priesthood reactivation program of the

The suggestions which follow are practical ones Church. Members of this committee are high counwhich have proved effective in several scores of stakes. cilmen who have had extensive experience in priestIf the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums are not perhood capacities. They have the Melchizedek Priestfect in your stake, try them; they will help. hood Handbook and the instructions given at various

Why is it that some Melchizedek Priesthood quoleadership meetings. They are executives and teachrums bog down and do not seem to be making much ers who can draw on their store of knowledge to help

progress in the great program of Priesthood Reactivaquorum presidencies which are composed of brethren tion? Does the fault lie with the stake president, who sometimes have not had as much experience in

the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee, or the the Church as the high councilmen.

quorum presidencies? Is there some way in which 2. Train quorum presidencies in their duties. This

all of these may unite to bring life and activity into is done in part in the regularly scheduled stake priestevery Melchizedek Priesthood quorum in the stake? hood leadership meetings. But this alone does not

Keep your goals in mind. Remember the four great suffice. New quorum presidencies, for instance,

objectives of Priesthood Reactivation: should be called in at, say, 7 a.m., every Sunday for

1. Get a Church assignment for every adult brother. six weeks for a thorough indoctrination course in

2. Lead him along the path of temporal and spiritual quorum operation.

progression. Brethren grow in the things of the Spirit 3. Know the actual detailed status of the work in

proportionately as they keep the commandments. each quorum. Successful leadership requires check-

3. See that every adult brother is sealed to his up on assignments. It is not enough to tell a person

wife and family. Priesthood reactivation is not comwhat to do and how to do it; a successful executive

plete until the blessings of eternal marriage have been checks to see if he has done it and to learn the success gained. that has attended the work.

4. Eternal life—the fulness of the Father's kingdom 4. Make frequent suggestions for detailed quorum

hereafter—is the ultimate and eternal goal of priestwork. It is one thing to counsel a quorum presidency

hood reactivation. in the general principles, another to tell them how to

Now to the problem at hand. Good leaders lead; apply those principles to their quorum affairs, and

they do not follow. Every man is obligated to use yet another to be able to help solve the specific probhis own initiative in working out his salvation and in lems of the quorum. Help with problems can only

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IS;'l

grow out of a knowledge of the details of the work in the quorum.

5. Impart enthusiasm and inspiration to quorum officers. "O

ye that embark in the service of

God, see that ye serve him with all your heart, might, mind and strength."(D & C 4:2.)

Now, how is the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee going to keep informed of the status of the work in each quorum so that detailed suggestions can be given? These two ways are

suggested: 1. Use the regular reporting

system of the priesthood. The

general priesthood committee calls for certain reports so that (as an incidental matter) certain data will be available, but primarily so that those who collect the data will learn the status of quorum affairs and thus be in a position to make intelligent solutions to problems. As an aid to quorum

presidencies and stake Melchizedek Priesthood committees, a summary sheet has been prepared of the regular monthly report.

This sheet appears as follows:

It will be observed that this form is merely a recapitulation sheet which quorums and stake Melchizedek Priesthood committees (Continued on page 117)

FEBRUARY 1958 99 The Presiding

>:V.:::;;":";:'i;;.::V;;v/:

Bishopric s

::izzwz;:"z:;?z.:::::v:;i:.:::v::>w."::Wf yv ": o -::::::;:>::::y:*>>:o:::yv::::.:::::;::-:::::yy:::::::v::.:>:::-:::.:::::: y:::.:.:.::y:;::::

Page

DO BETTER PERSEVERANCE

BY LIVING BETTER IS THE PRICE OF SUCCESS

Not infrequently members of the priesthood interLeaders in ward teaching who have maintained conviewed regarding appointment to serve as ward teachsistent records through the years attest to the fact that ers make this response, "I'll do my best."This promise their accomplishments were not easily achieved. Their

is sometimes made quite thoughtlessly. Not everyone contention is that there can be no enduring success

realizes the tremendous responsibility we assume in until leaders learn to cope with adversity. There is

promising to do our best. Doing our best is a surwisdom in this assertion.

passing effort. It is all we can do. It is the highest There will always be periods when progress seems

state of excellence we can obtain in our work. difficult. Leaders in this field always contend with

To say we will do our best is a voluntary promise disappointment, discouragement, broken promises, and that should be regarded as a sacred obligation. It is indifference to responsibility; but these are not reasons

more than formality, it is a bona fide pledge. Doing for giving up. Hardship, difficulties, and failure prove

our best means unquestioned devotion to duty. It is the mettle of good leaders. Failure to such leaders is

an exacting responsibility that warrants living each but temporary; it is never final.

day in conformance with the standards of the Church When plans do not work out, it is wisdom to pause and the requirements of office in the Church. and make a new analysis of the problem. Changed

Doing our best means constant improvement through conditions and circumstances often make new apfaith and study. It signifies the necessity for ward proaches necessary. Competent leaders anticipate

teachers to maintain a fatherly interest in each family, difficulties. They know there are times when it may

always having concern for the temporal and spiritual become necessary to back up and start over.

wellbeing of each member assigned to their watchMost leaders in ward teaching do not discover the care. It also means that ward teachers will advance full extent of their powers until compelled to face

the interests of the Church as a whole, defend its trial. Adversity to them, therefore, is a blessing. Perleaders, uphold its doctrines, and promote its objecseverance is the price we pay for success, and those

tives. To achieve this high goal it is necessary for leaders who are willing to pay it are assured of more

ward teachers to do better by living better each day. than ordinary success.

MESA STAKE AARONIC

PRIESTHOOD CHORUS Under the direction of Lyneer Smith, extreme left, second row, the Mesa Stake Aaronic Priesthood chorus furnished the music for a recent stake priesthood meeting. Seated on front row is

the stake presidency; center,

President H. Loren Allen; to his

right, President Haskel V. Stradling; and left, President LeRoy

Layton.

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SEE THAT THERE IS NO EVIL SPEAKING Gossiping has plagued civilization from the beginning and there is little hope of conquering this

One of the duties of ward teachers is to see that weakness of character in our day; however, there is

there is no "evil speaking"in the Church. This is no much we can do to limit its scope. Every person who

minor responsibility. One of the dominant elements is tempted to gossip should think of the words of

of evil speaking is gossiping. Many people unconsciErnest Bramah,

ously form this subtle habit. The term gossip in itself "That which passes out of one mouth passes into

is offensive. To accuse anyone of being a gossip is a hundred ears."

considered a serious affront. It denotes disclosing No wonder Solomon was so emphatic when he said,

something that would have been better unsaid. The "These six things doth the Lord hate: yea, seven

ravages of gossiping are demonstrated by those who are an abomination unto him:

make remarks uncomplimentary to individuals, dam- "A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed aging to their character, and of questionable veracity. innocent blood,

Gossip travels at an amazing speed. It recognizes "An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet

no boundary. It makes no choice of company. It that be swift in running to mischief,

lurks everywhere, in the factory, on the bus, at the "A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that fireside, and even in church. It travels with young soweth discord among brethren."(Prov. 6:1619.)

and old, rich and poor. It is a companion to invention, Ward teachers are expected to curb evil speaking.

deceit, and mischief. Day after day it goes on doing One way to contain it is by refraining from indulging

damage. It endlessly downgrades men and instituin conversation where gossip is the basis of the distions. It can be distinguished from truth because it cussion. Sometimes the lesson is taught by remaining

carries no standard of evidence. The persons guilty silent. There are occasions when it must be emphaof gossiping often seek to protect their integrity by sized through precept. To refrain from evil speaking

saying: "This is only a rumor, but I heard..."or is another application of the Golden Rule. It should

"I can't wait to tell you something. This is supposed be emphasized that no one has the right to expect

to be a secret, so please don't tell anyone else."silence from others if he gossips himself.

STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS way of life awaken to find they have been following

MARCH 1958 a mirage or a phantom. Grief, misery, wasted lives,

and disappointment are the fruits of selfindulgence.

Seek Enduring Happiness Riotous living is not the only improper way of seeking happiness. Those who selfishly devote themselves

One of the uppermost desires of the human heart to the acquisition of wealth, political power, social is to be happy. This is natural because man was position, scholarly achievement, or professional succreated to be happy. Father Lehi when explaining the cess without giving the Lord first consideration folpurpose of life to his son Jacob said, "Adam fell that lowed closely by concern for their fellow men are in

men might be; and mien are, that they might have danger of losing exaltation in the kingdom of God.

joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) Happiness and joy of course are Faith in God is a mark of strength, and it is the

synonymous. Happiness is something to work for, pathway that leads to enduring happiness. The folto earn, and to deserve. lowing are some of the blessings that come to those

While men yearn for happiness, they seek it in a who seek happiness through partaking of the gospel diversity of ways. Unfortunately, it is often confused of Jesus Christ: (1) A greater knowledge of the purwith fleeting pleasures. The spirit of eat, drink, and pose of life, (2) a more complete understanding of the

be merry should never be mistaken as the road leading saving ordinances of the gospel, (3) more strength to to happiness. This concept of happiness often leads live in obedience to the commandments of God, (4)

us into poor environment and bad company. We richer spiritual blessings, (5) increased ability to magcannot play our way through life with a skipping spirit nify the priesthood, (6) the desire for a marriage soland at the same time expect to find happiness in the emnized in the temple of God, (7) blessings of

end. honorable parenthood in a happy home, (8) joy from

Indulging in the ways of the world cultivates appeserving others, and (9) the privilege of associating tites for things forbidden. We become shackled by with faithful and loyal friends.

the power of evil habits if we yield to the desires of What could be more desirable? The price of happithe flesh. There comes a day when victims of this ness is obedience to the laws of the gospel.

FEBRUARY 1958 101 Time, the basic commodity of life, is the medium rom which all activities of life are created. Time is1

inexorable and relentless in its progress. "A few

minutes ago"vanishes to join a column of yesterdays which follows last year into the country called the past. Time has never been successfully stockpiled.

Illusive of all storage procedures it mustabsolutely must—be consumed in one fashion or another as it is

produced.

So commonplace is time that it is frequently wasted.

Around us constantly we see those who are throwing ten dollar bills of time to waste with such abandon as to suggest that they have a great surplus, even unlimited wealth of the commodity. Almost never in

this life does one see a balance sheet showing a total of just how much remains. Such a statement

of account would surely compel us to use our time prudently. Teachers,

Often we awaken to the realization that we have been duped—swindled of part of our priceless legacy

by one of many agencies clamoring for the attention of mankind. No protective agency can redeem it. It the

cannot be insured—it will never be recovered and

returned. No public statutes compel the wise use of

time; perhaps, fortunately so, else many a speaker and many a teacher could be charged with embezzleTreasurers

ment.

Teachers are treasurers of time. They act as brokers

assisting large groups of students to invest time wisely.

They are charged with the responsibility of providing each student with dividends worthy of his investment. of

In acting as the broker for someone else's time, consider the following:

Suggestions for the Classroom Time

A careful audit of the use of time is ever appropriate.

Consciously determine what you expect to accomby plish with the time. In other words, have an objecBoyd K. Packer,

tive. Supervisor of Seminaries

Carefully judge what ideas or concepts the students and Institutes will receive as dividends for time spent. Students of Religion

usually retain concepts and principles, seldom facts.

Select from the many facts available, sufficient to illuminate your ideas. Choose only enough facts to Conducted by

convey the ideas, not so many as to cover them up. The Unified

Begin efficiently. A short, impressive devotional Church School System

is time wisely spent to gain a mindset for the stu102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

dent. It must be followed immediately with some ber, a congregation or audience never gives a blank

productive action. check to you, and few will tolerate a raised check,

Determine whether most will be gained if you even when expending only time. If the normal time

monopolize all of the time. Is it possible that the is wisely used, going overtime is at best not neceswisest teacher is one who allots to the students a sary.

large portion of the time and assists them in spending As you assign participants, be wise enough to know it wisely? human nature. Five fiveminutes talks will almost

Be conscious of time during the lesson presentation. never take only twentyfive minutes.

Make regular, systematic progress through the lesson, If you assign students to appear on programs, be the unit, and the course. There is a moral in the story helpful enough to audit their contributions in order

of the tortoise and the hare. that the time of the audience will be most wisely

Double dividends come to the alert, efficient classserved and the student in turn experience success in room manager in the form of impressed, welldisci- the effort.

plined students. The word "discipline"is a first cousin Be sure to explain to each speaker or participant

to the word "disciple,"which means "a follower."the whole program, noting how many other speakers

Students, as anyone else, are reluctant to follow a will appear, what time has been allotted for each, and disorganized rambler, a waster of time. the total time for all.

Punctuality is an essential trait of the teacher. It When in doubt, underschedule the time. Was anyis a foundation, not an embellishment. one ever offended by a program that let out a few

One of the most effective techniques in classroom minutes early?

control is to convey to the student the impression Be specific in assignments. Never assign "a short

that you consider his time a valuable treasure. Five talk"but rather specify a five, seven, or ten minute

minutes for each class period spent in calling the talk. Be helpful to the speaker: "Take what time

roll totals fourteen hours and ten minutes for the you need"is not always fair to him; at least give some

average school year. The efficient teacher can easily suggestion as to the length of the meeting or normal

reduce this time to an hour and thirty minutes, subclosing time. Acquaint each performer with the entire

stantially less, if he calls a student assistant. Roll agendum, giving helpful suggestions on subject matcalling, passing out papers, late beginnings, needless ter and theme.

clerical maneuvers probably rob the average class of As you plan graduation programs or student confully twenty percent of its instructional time—more ventions, if you are to have a special address or serhours, indeed, than the full time scheduled for many mon, allow ample time to justify the speaker's preparacollege classes. The average Sunday School teacher tion and travel. Never impose on him by introducing

spends something over four hours each year in callhim near the time the meeting should be closing.

ing the roll. You need not be a fidgety clock watcher. This is discourteous.

The teacher who is serene but definite, leisurely but persistent, always has a balance of time on hand for Suggestions When You Are Called to Speak the timely question, the extra activity, the valuable If the subject assigned is too broad for the allotted interview. The wise teacher is always on course and time, give a concise outlined overview.

on schedule. The nonproficient teacher who denies Do not waste time apologizing for lack of preparahis students twenty percent of their instructional time tion or qualifications. Remember that a short talk

may well rob any number of individuals of that extra requires more intensive preparation than a longer impressive moment of learning which may result in one. You will be most impressive if you do not waste

a lasting testimony. words. Avoid verbiage of the "lead, guide, and direct"type. Speak directly to a point.

Suggestions for Arranging a Meeting Remember, if you are asked to inspire and teach, or Program do not merely entertain. Pay quite as much attention

Determine the limits of the available time. Rememto your audience as you do ( Continued on page 108

FEBRUARY 1958 103 Missionary Helps 4 'Cease to sleep longer than is needful"

by A. Lewis Elggren

Former President, Western States Mission

The words of this title were authored by the Lord too late holding cottage meetings, past the bedtime

Jesus Christ and provide good counsel for all—espeof the average person, even past midnight. Many

cially missionaries. In the same verse the Lord has times they are encouraged to do so by the great inplaced bounds to sleep, giving a time to retire and terest of contacts in learning more of the gospel.

a time to arise, for he said, "retire to thy bed early, Missionaries should end their last cottage meeting by that ye may not be weary;"and "arise early, that your 9:30 p.m. or at the latest 10 p.m.

bodies and your minds may be invigorated."The Missionaries may also form bad study habits, studyreward for early retiring is an invigorated mind. Physiing late at night, past midnight. But whether the

cal vitality and mental alertness are two great essencause is study or holding cottage meetings too late tials for success in any activity of life. and too long, looking at television or listening to the

What is "needful"sleep? Obviously it varies with radio, inevitably the same results follow: The misage and differences in physical makeup. Newborn sionary is too weary of body in the morning to get up

babes do little but sleep and eat, but their need of early and hold study class. The time prescribed for

sleep decreases as they grow older. rising in most missions is 6 a.m. When the morning

Needful sleep is that sleep necessary to provide the study hours are missed, the learning processes are body and mind powers to act. Getting less than a slowed up. Scriptures are not memorized. Effectiveneedful amount of sleep, if prolonged, leaves the ness in teaching the gospel is seriously retarded.

body weakened in its recuperative powers. When Some junior companions wonder why they are not

habits are formed which deny the body sleep, irrepmade senior companions as soon as others who have arable damage can result. been in the mission field the same length of time.

Too much sleep makes for mental and physical In some cases the basic reason is failure to obey the sluggishness. Men habituated to too much sleep may counsel of the Lord to retire early and rise early. Bebe outstripped in the race of life. The winners, the cause they haven't, some of their fellow missionaries

leaders in life, are those with the most physical vitality step out ahead because of increased knowledge and and mental alertness. Sleep could become a mortal greater acquired ability. Junior companions who lie

enemy to success and exaltation. in bed mornings when they should be up (and would

Axioms like "Early to bed and early to rise make be if they would get to bed at better hours) and won- a man healthy, wealthy and wise,"and "The early der at the advancement of others should look to their bird gets the worm,"seem to have meant more to our own sleeping habits and work habits—and then bestir

pioneer forebears than they do to us today. Attracthemselves to action.

tions of modern commercial entertainment such as A senior companion who fails to set a proper exthe "late, late"television shows and midnight movies ample of retiring and arising early does much harm discourage early retirement. Social life sometimes not only to himself but also to his companion. If his

is a formidable stumbling block to getting to bed companion is a new missionary that new missionary early. These temptations to stay up late must be gets off to a bad start by forming work habits which

resisted for the sake of needed physical vigor. he may fail to overcome the remainder of his mission.

A desire to get ahead in the world causes many The senior companion must accept some of the blame.

men to work late. This is sometimes a worthy purSleep is a blessing if indulged in in moderation. It

pose but again, if carried to extremes, carries with is a curse if indulged in too much. Therefore, misit punishment of body and lack of mental vigor. Many sionaries, "Cease to sleep longer than is needful."

missionaries make this same mistake. They stay out (D & C 88:124.)

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KITCHEI1 CHARIT1 Repeat Performance WAXED PAPER

KEEPS FOOD Richard L. Evans FRESHER LONGER!

There is a sentence currently quoted which says that "Everytime history repeats itself it does so at

THE a higher price."1 This would surely seem to be SPOKEN

so, for with each repeat performance"there are more WORD people and more complexities. But this could well

call for a question: Does history have to repeat itself? The feeling

that a man must inevitably repeat his own errorsor that mankind must—is founded on a false philosophy—for the Lord God meant

men to be free, and did not place them in a pattern in which they must repeat past errors. Indeed, it is for improving upon the past

that we have the principle of repentance. If this were not so,

there would be little point in the efforts of any of us, and little meaning in the principle of repentance. The Lord God knew that

in using our freedom of choice we would make some mistakes. This

isn't a justification for mistakes. But it is a justification, if any

were needed, for freedombecause men grow in judgment and wisdom and knowledge in making decisions for themselves. No

one expects perfection of people. But with repentance and improvement, history need not repeat itself as to its undesirable aspects—nor need we personally repeat our own past errors. And

this is a time for each of us individually, and for all of us collecPOPULAR WITH MILLIONS... tively, to keep some history from repeating itself at a higher price. OF HOUSEWIVES

It requires discipline, work, and an honest wanting to; the overAT ALL LEADING GROCERS

coming of appetites, of attitudes, of indolence; the will to conquer

self as well as adverse outside influences. He who has turned clown a wrong road must turn back, or history will repeat itself undesirLOCKHARTThrift Certificates PAY....

ably so far as he is concerned. He who has an enslaving habit must

break it, or history will repeat itself adversely so far as he is concerned. There is always the struggle and the striving. There is

always opposition in all things, of light and darkness, of good and evil, of truth and error, with the right and responsibility of choice.

This is part of the price of freedom. And always blessedly there

is the principle of repentance, with the promise that history need not repeat itself at a higher price, if men will repent, personally and publicly, and change the course and the consequences. But

it takes the will and the wanting to, as suggested by these words INTEREST received on the LAST of an old hymn, with their meaningful message: Funds

Day of the month EARN a "Know this, that every soul is free FULL MONTH'S Interest

To choose his life and what he'll be,

For this eternal truth is given

That God will force no man to heaven.

direct aright, call, persuade, "He'll with wisdom, bless love, and light, The LOCKHART Co. And

In nameless ways be good and kind, AM INDUSTRIAL LOAN CO.

But never force the human mind."2

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, December 1, 1957, Copyright 1957. Established in 1926

HOME OFFICE at (See page 127 for references.) MAIN and EXCHANGE in SALT |AKE CITY

Supervtsedby UTAH STATE BANKING DEPARTMENT

FEBRUARY 1958 105 The MIA in Europe ranchtype jackets, marched onto the have seen elders through the years field, accompanied by their own enjoyed meeting the future missionband. A large group dressed and aries of the Church, and boys whose

(Continued) had been misplaced, painted like western Indians with grandparents came from Britain enbut this gave a chance for the Britappropriate tomtoms and war joyed meeting the Saints,"said ish Scouts to come to their assistance. whoops danced Indian dances, perBrother Curtis.

They served the American boys reformed with cowboy lariats and "All of us from the other side freshments, permitted them to use blacksnake whips. They really put of the water now live in Zion because

bedding and tents, and imparted on a show that took the crowd by of the courage of our forebears in thereby a greater understanding of storm. accepting the nottoo-popular mesthe worth of this immense undertakThe visit of Queen Elizabeth II sage of missionaries,"said Brother

ing. In fact, this misfortune was a and her husband, Prince Philip, was Curtis. "These boys will now better

blessing in disguise since it served quite a high light to the boys as was appreciate their heritage and the as an introduction to the genuine the visit of the gracious Lady Badenrich blessings that are theirs."

brotherhood that prevailed throughPowell, widow of the farsighted Superintendent Curtis, who with out the entire Jamboree. man who founded scouting fifty Sister Curtis presided over the WestSuperintendent Curtis speaks in years before. Her remarks and em States Mission 194145, filled his

glowing terms of the fine, devoted friendliness will long be remembered. first mission in the British Isles,

LDS men who are responsible for It was quite an event for American 192123, under President George these upstanding Scouts of the boys to visit historic castles and Albert Smith, Orson F. Whitney,

Church. Included among the leadcathedrals centuries old, to stand and President David O. McKay.

ers were Ivan Call of Ely, Nevada; on Roman walls over a thousand Elder Curtis thrilled as he visited

V. Melvin Brown of Idaho Falls, years old, and to visit the Shakesome of the spots so dear to his

Idaho; Dr. Harry V. Brooks of speare country. memory from that first mission. One

LaCanada, California, a member of "The whole Church could be proud of the first things that greeted his the Glendale Stake presidency; J. of these boys,"states Superintendent eyes in Liverpool, where he had

Les Thompson of Tempe, Arizona; Curtis. "At the Sunday morning labored for twenty months in the

Welburn J. Van Orman of Cardston, services the opening prayer was oftwenties, was two Mormon missionAlberta, Canada; Stuart G. Wilson fered in Spanish by one of our outaries on a little pedestal holding a

of Montreal, Canada; William E. standing boys from Uruguay; one of street meeting at the pierhead. Of

Stebbing of Baltimore, Maryland; the boys who administered the great interest was his visit to Scotand Sylvan D. Warner of South Sacrament was from Germany. When land from which his father emigrated

Bend, Indiana. During the time volunteers were sought for two and nearly eighty years ago.

when some of the LDS Scouts were a half minute talks, nearly every The International Headquarters in the hospital with the flu, and hand went up, and the talks were for Boy Scouts is in London, and during the heavy rainstorms that filled with scriptural quotations and MajorGeneral Dan C. Spry, CBE,

prevailed at times, these men renoffered sound gospel doctrine."DSO, CD, the director, called a spedered yeoman service in caring for The boys thoroughly enjoyed the cial meeting of his international

our young Scouts. One section of presence of the missionaries from staff, including leaders from as far

the camp had six inches of water the Birmingham District. The elders away as the Near East, to hear

on the floors of the tents one night. not only bore testimonies but also Superintendent Curtis outline the

Superintendent Curtis and Elder told what their missions mean to LDS Church program, our problems,

Call were two of the five chaplains them and further kindled the desire and to offer aid and support. Genstationed at the United States Headthat is found in every Latterday eral Spry sent letters of introduction

quarters at the Jamboree where, with Saint boy to go on a mission. to each of the European Boy Scout

the chaplains of other faiths, they One evening a bus was chartered, leaders, anticipating the visit of lived with the US contingent leaders and a group of our Latterday Saint Superintendent and Sister Curtis to in huge tents provided by the United Scouts and their leaders went into these countries. Brother Curtis reStates Air Force. Among the many the Birmingham Branch where the ports that in each land, as he introinteresting events of the Jamboree Saints and Scouts jointly entertained duced the mission president to the

was a reception given at United each other. The sisters of the branch national Scout leaders, warm and

States Scout Headquarters, where served the everhungry boys with friendly receptions were accorded the leaders of other national contasty refreshments. "Saints who them, and expressions were made of

tingents had a special luncheon with the American Scouts making doughnuts and popping corn. It was the

first time many of the visitors had seen or tasted these distinctively

American treats. The many thouMajor-General Dan C. Spry

sands of visitors autographed the with General Superintendent canvas top on the covered wagon Elbert R. Curtis standing

and the Indian tepees. before Scouta displayinsignia.of LDS

On the day assigned to the American boys to present the show in the huge area, the 1800 boys, with their smart, bright red Philmont

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA little nibblers get that When hollow feeling''..

fill 'em up the wholesome way!

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grahams THE Available in oneand twopound packages.

.62*1...because they're made with rich graham flour

and pure honey! Perfect for betweenmeal snacks!

Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams haven't spoiled an appetite yet! Conveniently scored to snap into two bitesize pieces

they're crispness longlasting (less crumbs). And for

today. packets. Bring home some... in 6 InEr-Seal GRAHAMS wrapped wax

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

FEBRUARY 1958 107 willingness to cooperate. As Brothour young people. They are perSuperintendent and Sister Curtis

er Curtis met other youth leaders, mitting a girl who may be the only were privileged in attending an was interviewed by the press, and Latterday Saint girl in her school, English session in the Swiss Temple made other contacts, he was imand a young man who may be the with his brother, President Jesse R.

pressed by the friendly reception only Latterday Saint boy in his Curtis, and his wife, who preside everywhere. town, to meet several hundred of over the SwissAustrian Mission.

"These Scout leaders are aware their own kind, youth with the same Thev also visited the French Mission of the Mormon youth program, and ideals and standards, at beautiful headquarters where his brotherin- the eyes of the world are upon us,"testimony meetings, Gold and Green law, President Milton L. Christenhe said. "While youth leaders know dances, picnics, and like affairs. This sen, and wife, Alice Curtis Christenthat although the United States has lets our young people realize that sen, Superintendent Curtis'sister,

less than 6 percent of the total world they belong to something of stature preside over the French Mission.

population and that the United and strength, and they take pride After the hustle and bustle of the

States has 65 percent of the world's in their membership in the Church,"very full seven weeks visiting the

Boy Scouts, they were not aware As one mission president expressed British Isles, Norway, Sweden, Finthat in our Church we reach as high it, "Get this MIA athletic and Scout land, Denmark, Germany (including as 80 percent of our available boys in program going, so there will be boys the Eastern zone), Switzerland, the Scout movement. for our girls, so that our young peoFrance, and Holland, using twenty-

"Most of these nations have ecople can associate with our own! If one separate plane flights, with his

nomic problems that are reflected in we had just held our own young feet back on United States soil, difficulty in meeting the expenses people, the children of our converts, Superintendent Curtis said, "I canof traveling across town in the midfor the past ten years, how strong not begin to be grateful enough dle of the week for Mutual and acwe would be in these branches now!"for the blessings of the gospel of

tivities. The sixday work week and These wonderful youth conferJesus Christ, and the privileges that

sixday school week in many of these ences in the European missions seem are ours in this glorious, choice 'Land places further increase the diffito be directing favorable attention to of the Free,'for the faith and courculty, but our mission presidents, our people and opening doors for age of our forebears who listened their MIA boards, and wonderful our missionaries. In one national to the message of the missionaries,

district and branch officers are makScout leader's office Brother Curtis who emigrated from their homeing a tremendous effort to give our found a Book of Mormon on the lands, walked across plains, endured young people the MIA program. shelves, in the man's native lanhardships, and handed down to us

"During the past few years LDS guage, also an outline of a study of our great heritage. May we 'of the

youth conferences have been held the Book of Mormon that had been noble birthright'be blessed with in many of these missions. These translated, and this national leader similar courage, faith, and devotion

youth conferences mean much to has had our missionaries in his home. to Carry On!"

Teachers, the Treasurers preparation, may always be done on tion that shall be meted unto every of Time time by your doing double duty. man"(D & C 84:85), has much

While doing manual work, while significance for teachers of the gostraveling, during those all too often pel of Jesus Christ.

(Continued) to your notes. If wasted moments of waiting, the reLet your mind find constant emyou are notebound or bookbound, sourceful teacher is preparing not ployment in observation, in meditayou may miss the little signs of only tomorrow's lesson but also maktion, in prayer; then let your hand

unrest and lack of interest, not the ing general preparations for many always be near a pencil and paper least of which is the glancing at future lessons through observation to record the essentials of such clocks or watches. of nature and of life and through preparation before they vanish as

prayer. quickly and completely as time itSuggestions for The great teachers constantly emself.

alLesson Preparation ploy their time wisely. An inspiring When our brothers and sisters

teacher confessed when complilot you part of their time as a speakThe lessons of the gospel are esmented on the marvelous knowledge er, as a program director, and most sentially lessons of attitude and beof literature which embellished his of all, as a teacher, they place at havior. Facts are merely tools or lessons that he had memorized most your disposal a portion of their lives.

equipment necessary to establish of it while guiding a plow. Another See that you respect the gift. Use

meanings. who seemed to have an endless it wisely—consider it a treasure.

To manage the time of many inrepertory of illustrations and stories Know, too, that you as a teacher dividuals in a classroom with proadmitted that most all of them giving of your time in the classroom ficiency requires much time of the had been gained during time he was and out, are giving of your life.

teacher in preparation. The facts of doing double duty. That you may give it little by little

the lesson constitute the mechanical The scriptural injunction "... does not diminish your qualification

framework and are learned through treasure up in your minds continually for the reward that comes to those common study. the words of life, and it shall be who willingly give their lives in the

A finer preparation, the "finish"given you in the very hour that porservice of others.

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This 60Second Quiz Will Save You Money

greatest is the Competition form in any Q. Why should I save

leveler trading of prices. stamp The S & H Green Stamps? simply one form of competition. is

/\. By saving these stamps and redeeming

your stamp books, you realize a discount on your purchases. Q. Are trading stamps new?

/V. Indeed not. In fact, the Sperry and Hutchinson Company has been in continuous Q. Why do merchants give operation for 61 years—more than 40 years S & H Green Stamps? in Utah. It's the first and oldest stamp

company.Today over 100,000 Utah families

for as a discount give stamps They J\. proof of their paysave Green S & H Stamps—trading cash. consider ing Merchants stability. their popularity and

stamps a timetested method of building like advertising, increased business—just

facilities, giveaways parking and contests. Q. Why are S & H Green Stamps found that They have S & H Green

increase volume without proportionate Stamps so popular?

increase in fixed costs.

J\. There is no shrewder shopper than the

American housewife. She has found that

stores giving S & H Green Stamps offer Q. Do S & H Green Stamps

the same quality and service, and the same raise prices? or lower prices as other stores. In addition,

they give her S & H Green Stamps, which /\. No. On the contrary, trading stamps tend she can redeem for valuable merchandise.

to keep prices down. The reason is simple.

Get a discount for paying cash for your purchases in the form of S&H Green Stamps

efficient, merchants progressive Trade with the nearly Utah who 600 give CREEN the sign that says extra you something Look for you shop. "We when STAMPS

Give S&H Green Stamps".

The oldest and most reliable stamp plan. S&H

MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION OF UTAH deemhas nevera stampfailedin 61 toyearsre- 4%

FEBRUARY 1958 109 Seek Enduring Happiness unanswered, but now I have hopes."of man had to be fed to keep the

Then she expresses appreciation for Spirit burning within him as evi- (Continued) worth while, made the Mormon elders who called at denced in his answer to Satan who the following statement to the her door and brought the message of sought to tempt him after he had writer: "If the brethren would like the gospel of Jesus Christ. fasted for forty days:

to make me happy, just let them Occasionally a convert who had "If thou be the Son of God, comload me on a plane in the morning experienced such happiness at bemand that these stones be made and send me back to Argentina."coming a member of the Church, bread.

Such enduring happiness, of which through unfavorable conditions and "Rut he answered and said, It is many thousands of missionaries can experiences becomes discouraged written, Man shall not live by bread testify, comes not alone to the misand his happiness becomes dimmed. alone, but by every word that prosionaries but also to their converts. This can happen through loved ones ceedeth out of the mouth of God."

Recently a woman in the East turning against him, through loss of (Matthew 4:3-4.)

wrote a letter to the Temple Square friends and in some cases employKing Renjamin told his people that

Mission asking for information about ment because of his having joined when they were in the service of the Church, indicating that she had the Church, or through sickness, untheir fellow men they were in the been seeking for the truth for fiftyemployment, or through association service of God. (Mosiah 2:17.)

three years and had never found it. with those who have lost the Spirit And Jesus said unto his apostles:

After she had read the literature of the Lord and thus their love of "... but whosoever will be great

that was sent to her and joined the the truth. Just as President Rrigham among you, shall be your minister:

Church, she made this statement: Young once indicated when he said "And whosoever of you. will be

"I now have a serenity and comthat if we neglect our Sacrament the chiefest, shall be servant of all."

posure and inner strength and an meetings and our prayers, a spirit (Mark 10:4344.)

inward joy which I never before of darkness will come over us and All of this is in keeping with our possessed.... Do all souls receiving the Spirit of the Lord will withdraw first statement of Jesus that his aposenlightenment exclaim within their himself. And this unhappy experitles should bear much fruit that

silent hearts, feeling compassion for ence comes to some. their joy might be full and that we

a blind, groping, and grieving world, While I was laboring in Holland can only enjoy what we do; we cansuffering world, I come? I come."as a missionary we converted a very not enjoy what we do not do.

From a letter I received from an fine young man. The girl with We should therefore remember

intelligent recent convert to the whom he was keeping company the words of the Lord in a revelation

Church who had been very active made him choose between her and to the Prophet Joseph in which he in her own church, I quote the folaccepting the gospel; he chose the said,

lowing: "Elder Richards, I was a latter and finally emigrated to Amer- "Verily I say, men should be anxmember of this wonderful Church ica. And after being here a few iously engaged in a good cause, and

one year the 5th of February, and years and having some adverse do many things of their own free 1 can truthfully say, 1956 was the experiences and sickness and not will, and bring to pass much righthappiest year of my life. There is having found a companion he wrote eousness;

hardly a day that passes that someto the young woman with whom "For the power is in them, wherething doesn't happen that strengthhe had kept company in Holland, in they are agents unto themselves.

ens my testimony. I only regret that and she proffered to marry him if And inasmuch as men do good they

I did not have an opportunity to rehe would return and give up his shall in nowise lose their reward."

ceive this gospel about thirty years affiliation with the Church. He did (D & C 58:2728.)

ago. I will just have to be content return,*, and for a time he did not From the Sunshine Magazine I

with doing what I can the rest of attend his meetings. After she had quote the following:

my life."And then she outlines the borne him two children, he told "Work is the outward expression

various positions she now occupies her that he just couldn't live without of one's ambition, energy, and desire in the Church. the Church, that he was going to for accomplishment. It is the path

While I presided over the Southreturn to America, and invited her over which his desires travel. Acern States Mission, I received a to return with him. This she refused complishment invariably leads to the

letter from a woman mentioning the to do. He told her that the money threshhold of happiness. That is

literature of our Church she had would be ready any time she wanted why the diligent worker sings at his read. From her letter I quote the to join him, but that he had to go task, for he is expressing that which

following: "Since I have come to back to his church. is in his heart. The better he works,

the conclusion that Mormonism is When Sister Richards and I rethe louder he sings; the more joy he

the most wonderful thing I have turned from presiding over that misfinds in his work, the finer his labors."

ever heard of (and I have always sion, we brought that woman and King Renjamin in exhorting his thought that I could never be anyher two children to America with people told them how they might thing but a Raptist), I would like us where she joined her husband achieve "neverending happiness"in to know what members of your and later became a very faithful these words:

Church read. member of the Church. "And moreover, I would desire

"I have studied psychology, phiOnly through our continued acthat ye should consider on the blesslosophy, psychiatry, Christian tivity can we enjoy this enduring ed and happy state of those that

Science, etc., in search of answers happiness which comes from the keep the commandments of God.

to my own life's problems, but needcompanionship of the Spirit of the For behold, they are blessed in all less to say, the problems remained Lord. Jesus understood that the soul things, both temporal and spiritual;

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and if they hold out faithful to the into heaven, received areend they weU#et:*"dwell with HttssWflthat they thereby mayGod in a state of neverending hapMate *

piness. O remember, remember that

these things are true; for the Lord

hath spoken it."(Mosiah 2:41.) Vigh <\ualllY

progrom The Editors Page * tees* possa* cost ( Continued ) one in this Church,, Hevs Press o that if you would be successful, if you would be happy, if you would mi conserve your strength, intellectual, physical, and spiritual, you will regraph- to indulge yoursist temptation is The cost is Jo*;- passions.appetites That and your

gospel truth—indulgence does not per 100

strengthen youth or manhood; refor more

is do. Thatstraint and selfcontrol

less * 500 or inpsychologically sound because, postage plus as energystead of expending your gives selfcontrolanimals, you more Phone r4 -2581 power and energy to expend intel31 Rchords Street lectually and spiritually. Chastity

strengthens manhood. SM-T

He is unwise who starts out as the fieiVsjBssProdigal Son to waste in riotous livnZpret ing that which God has given him in physical manhood and intellectual-:.r

ity. sn If teachers and other leaders could only appeal to the youth of the land and have them "come to themselves"Ask your bookseller as the Prodigal Son, before they reach the position of swineherd! to show you these superb

What an achievement! I like the

phrase, "when he came to himself."

Blessed are our young people who or when they "come to themselves"here and now and successfully accept the challenge of a good life.

The Lord has revealed in this day the plan of salvation, which is 02227x nothing more nor less than the way The best Bible buy today spiritualto a charthe realm with intoacter of entrance worthy his Airresistiblyde luxe lowOxfordprice.BibleMarrakeshat an

kingdom. That is the gospel of Persian Morocco binding, leather

Jesus Christ, as restored to the lined. Concordance, new Bible

colored of 12 pages Helps, it is Smith,Prophet comStudy and (Juality Joseph features. other maps, numerous MEANSplete. offers It peace; to the world red or In thick. only i%c"5 x 1V&,

but it requires the mastery of animal black. Only $10.75 (Jxford

appetites and passions, and service to our fellow men.

leaders as us that help God we 179x A Scofield Bible those try are to guide wanmay who gift bindingdering away from the flock. God:;':;>.'in a new

give us power to inspire them with A Scofield Concordance Bible with the true ideal of success as contained large type, bound in luxurious natin another saying of our Savior; "But ails ural grain Morocco, leather lined.

Scofield famous Containsseek of ye God, first the kingdom gift that features. Aall magnificentthe righteousness; theseand his and all J/2 5 forever. x 8V6, will be treasured mMmmMBSy.tfyK

thick. $22.00things shall be added unto you."wmmm. f only %"

(Matt. 6:33.)

ll|pii&& More than 200 styles, priced from $3.00 to $155.00

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS N.Y.ll

FEBRUARY 1958 111 The Last Supper, previously planned to go there or "I have told you that I am he:"

The Arrest maybe he followed them after they Jesus said; "if therefore ye seek me,

left the Passover chamber, sneaking let these go their way."He was

(Continued) So earnest was the along, spying on the Lord in the speaking of his disciples and indiSavior's prayer and so great was the darkness. While Jesus was yet cating to the mob that he alone was

suffering he was bearing for the sins speaking to his disciples, Judas made being sought and that his followers of the 'world that an angel from his appearance with, "a band of should not be arrested.

heaven appeared to strengthen him; men and officers from the chief Finally the officers mustered

"... his sweat was as it were great priests and Pharisees,"who came enough courage to lay hands on

drops of blood falling down to the with lanterns and torches and swords Jesus and started to take him. Then

ground."and staves to take the Lord. Simon Peter drew his sword to proReturning to his disciples he found Judas had arranged a sign wheretect his Master, and with a quick

them asleep. Waking Peter, he reby he would betray Jesus, "Whomsostroke cut the right ear off a servant

buked him mildly: "What, could you ever I shall kiss,"he told those who of one of the high priests.

not watch with me one hour? gave him the thirty pieces of silver, Turning to Peter Jesus said, "Put

"Watch and pray that ye enter "that same is he: hold him fast."up thy sword unto the sheath: the

not into temptation: the spirit inBut none of this action nor indeed, cup which my Father hath given

deed is willing but the flesh is weak."nothing that was to follow, was or me, shall I not drink it?"He then

Again he went back into the would be done without Jesus'full touched the ear of the wounded man garden and prayed: "O my Father, knowledge and consent. As Judas and healed him.

if this cup may not pass away from drew near to kiss him, Jesus said, To the chief priests and the capme, except I drink it, thy will be "Judas, betrayest thou the Son of tains of the temple and the elders done."man with a kiss?"Then turning to which were come to him, Jesus said,

A second time he returned and the multitude he asked, "Whom seek "Are ye come out, as against a thief, found the apostles asleep. Again he ye?"with swords and with staves to take

went alone to pray "saying the same "Jesus of Nazareth,"they said. me?

words"and upon his return he said This was the hour. Jesus now was "I was daily with you in the temto his disciples, "Sleep on now, and ready. "I am he,"he said simply. ple teaching, and ye took me not:

take your rest: behold, the hour is As soon as the Lord spoke, those but the scriptures must be fulfilled."

at hand, and the Son of man is beout in front of the multitude were Then they arrested the Savior and trayed into the hands of sinners. overtaken with fear, and backing took him away.

"Rise, let us be going: behold he away they fell to the ground. Jesus All the disciples, fearing that they

is at hand that doth betray me."could easily have escaped had he too might be arrested, forsook him

Judas Iscariot knew that the Lord desired to do so. Again he spoke: and fled.

would be in the garden alone with "Whom seek ye?"Next Month: The Trial and

his disciples. Perhaps they had "Jesus of Nazareth,"they repeated. Crucifixion

To Be a King bye valiantly, attempting to smile. doctrines taught by the Lord Jesus

Martha was not less heroic. Christ.

(Continued) "Our common anDavid and Haran had entered upBecause of his constant traveling, cestor, King David, expressed my on their labors as exponents of the word from the simple home mainthoughts, 'The Lord is my shepherd; tained by Elihu, Ruth, and Martha

I shall not want.'seldom reached David. When it did

"No, she shall not want."It was come, it always brought joy.

the giant Hassan who spoke. He RETURN

had come to the door unannounced. Months passed thus. During that

Reluctantly this man had left David's by Solveig Paulson Russell time David preached Christ andhim service when his former master's crucified. To him it was no hardriches had been distributed, and Don't hesitate to go, Snow; ship, for that spirit of exaltation

later had allied himself also with Don't cling to the brown earth which accompanies service to fellow the followers of the Master. fearfully. men had come to him sufficiently

Flow softly from the little hills often to make him forget the diffiBefore sunrise one morning David And gently, gladly into rills, culties. But he knew that many

and Ruth, Haran and Martha, and And seep deep where seeds lie dark and lonely days had come to

Elihu departed on foot from Jericho, waiting. Ruth, days of toil and privation, not

taking the road leading to Jerusalem. You'll not dissolve to nothing, lightened as his days were by the

Elihu considerately led the way, snow! joy which comes to one who is bringleaving the oppressed men and their In liquid form your fingers go ing souls to the Master.

wives to follow. There are moTo raise the green earth's They had not seen each other

ments so sacred that words seem loveliness. since their parting on the road, and

unhallowed, and scarcely one was Oh, you will not be lost or seen the joy a father feels in looking into spoken. no more; his son's face was unknown to him.

At the appointed place the final You will come blooming back In one of his letters Father Elihu embrace was given. Ruth said goodThrough Spring's jade door. wrote: "As Ruth watched the sleep112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SBBMBWX'fB&QiW''Mi

Union Pacific's sleek Domeliner "City of Los Angeles", featuring the also offers travelers the extra luxury of the beautiful Dome Diner, latest modern allroom Pullmans and deluxe Coach accommodations, Dome Lounge, Dome Coach and Redwood Lounge.

FINEST PASSENGER TRAINS

IN AMERICA DELICIOUS DINING CAR MEALS SMOOTH ROADBEDS ELECTRONIC MIRACLES FOR SAFETY

AND EFFICIENCY Travel treats are in store for people boarding a Through the miracle of electronics, freight cars

Union Pacific Domeliner for a trip in new Astra JET POWER GAS TURBINE are quickly and automatically switched in huge relaxed Completely Dome equipment.

divan seat, fortable a frontrow they'll have in a comLOCOMOTIVES freightpushbuttonclassificationease. Theyardsresult:suchfaster,as thismoreone,efficientwith

view of the wonders along the route and arrive service for shippers.

rested and refreshed. UNION

PACIFIC RAILROAD

Union What a wonderful setting in which to enjoy Interior view of typical yardmaster's tower, your selection of fresh foods, skilfully prewhere freight movements and switching are acpared and graciously served. It's "roof garPacific complished with pushbutton speed and efficiency.

den"dining. A great experience—yours

to enjoy on Union Pacific's Domeliners "Cityof Los Angeles"and "City of Portland."Railroad

Your freight is in good hands when you specify Centralized Traffic Control is an additional A fleet of 25 4500horsepower gas turbineUnion Pacific. Carton or carload, it receives safety feature now in operation on much of electric locomotives has been in regular

careful handling and travels to its destination Union Pacific's main line. Small lights set in a freight service on Union Pacific for several

over the smoothest roadbeds in the world. line map of the track show the positions of trains years. In 1958 a group of 30 8500horse-

along the route. With this equipment, the dispower gas turbineelectric locomotives, the

patcher has instantaneous control of train most powerful in the world, will be in service movements.—another Union Pacific first.

FEBRUARY 1958 113 ing infant last evening, we comon the peacemented he brought had living, moving kind little into our knelt A home, she and by the cradle in fervent gratitude for this great gift. of gratitude

"You will see a change in her.

Much of the girlishness has vanished Richard L. Evans

from her features, but in its place is the beauty of motherhood, making.-:i Great among the great qualities of character is

her even lovelier. Her hands, which the great gift of gratitude. Gratitude makes all

were once soft, are now roughTHE service, however onesided, seem satisfying. It is

SPOKENened her clothing and by toil, sobering, to be, all or should of each and us to is WORDplain coarse. almost and But happiconsider effort the hours how others of and much of

ness radiates from her whole being has gone into the making of all of us: the time others have taken

in anticipation of seeing you soon."to feed us, to teach us, to care for us in illness, to nurture us in

Not many days after the receipt health; to provide the clothing we wear; to preserve the freedom

of this letter, David was able to we have; to make the music we hear, the books we read, the tools

dispatch the following: and all the tangibles that are ours; the very houses and buildings

"My Beloved, in which we live our lives. All this, and so much else unmen-

"Opportunity is afforded me of tioned, others have done for us, others from the far past even down sending this note. The messenger unto the nearest present. We are the inheritors of so much more

is in haste, hence this brevity. Rethan we can calculate. And one measure of our gratitude would be

joice with me, my sweet and patient our willingness to work, to serve, to pass on to others such things

Ruth, in the knowledge that I will as we ourselves have received. Of course, children cannot serve

see you within a short time and shall parents in precisely the same way that parents have served chilremain in your vicinity indefinitely. dren. They cannot nurture them in infancy. They cannot teach

Does mortal live so gifted that he them through the years of youth. But children can do much for

could describe my feelings at parents, in living honorable lives, and in cherishing and caring for thought of again seeing you and bethem and making them feel wanted and appreciated in the later holding for the first time our babe? years of life. And what they cannot pay directly to parents, they

If so, I should like to borrow his can pay in part to another generation, to their own children and talent, mine being wholly unequal others, to give them stable homes and warm hearts and a sense of to the task."being wanted. The patient cannot in turn administer medicine

Elihu met David at the gate of to the doctor; nor the student turn around and teach the teacher;

their humble home and detained the nor we ourselves do for the Lord God what he has done for us.

man he loved so intensely only long But we can do our best to show our gratitude by keeping his comenough to clasp him to his bosom. mandments, and doing unto others what we ourselves can do.

"Go into the house,"he said. "They Gratitude must be a living, moving, doing kind of gratitude, much

are waiting."more than a passing and perfunctory expression of appreciation.

There was an eager step at the In every community and country, in every organization and instidoor. For a moment husband and tution, there is work to be done, with long hours of effort. In every

wife thought only of each other, and household there is the daily doing of drudgery, of many tedious then Ruth, with all the pride of a routine tasks. And often lightly we go our way, leaving someone

queen and a mother, exclaimed, else to do what needs to be done. And whenever we dodge a duty

"Oh, David, look at our son!"or run from responsibility or deliberately avoid doing our share of

His countenance glowing, David the tedious or inconvenient tasks, we would well recall these two murmured, "Our son. Yes, our son!"questions suggested by an eminent public servant who recently

And with hands nearly trembling, he left this life: "If not by mewhom"? 1 "If not nowwhen?"1 As

lifted the sleepy infant from its crib. to all the things that need doing, which someone has to do: "If

As Ruth pressed close, David held not by me, whom?""If not now, when?"And our willingness to

the new life, cradled it in his strong pass on payment in part for what we have received from the past, arms, shook his head in wonderment. will be the best evidence we can give that we earnestly have in

At length he spoke: "In this babe's our hearts the great gift of gratitude.

veins runs the of kings. blood Had "The Spoken Word,"from Square presented over Temple the KSL andit not for been a chance meeting Broadcasting Columbia System, Copyright 1957. 24, 1957, November

with a humble carpenter, he too might have one day held a throne. (See page 127 for references.)

But... our son will be rich—yes,

richer earthly kings, far than by for FEBRUARY HUSHhe will the gospel have of Jesus

Christ!"by Maude Rubin

Morning sunlight was surging The creek lies still and cold as No bird lifts whirring wing.

through the windows, filling the jade But when a crocus candleflame room in a golden, almost celestial Beneath the pewter sky. Shines out against the snow,

radiance. No sunrich hum through apple The willow puts on velvet shoes,

(The End) boughs, Tiptoes to waken spring!

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA yflMr.

-:"--.&;,;-:

Postum is the natural whole grain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowPo*ru''>

roasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes K Ihstamt/ *'k Another fine product

so good.... and it's so good for you! rOSTUM from General Foods.

I *Gwww 7), i 100% coffeefree

FEBRUARY 1958 115 Your Question within the blessings of the seed of by this scattering that the gentile

Abraham. We are preaching the nations have been blessed, and if

(Continued) the face of the gospel now in all parts of the world, they will truly repent they are enearth, and also among all nations. and for what purpose? To gather titled to all the blessings promised

"And behold, there are many who out from the gentile nations the lost to Israel, "which are the blessings are already lost from the knowledge sheep of the house of Israel. It is of salvation, even of life eternal."

of those who are at Jerusalem. Yea,

the more part of all the tribes have been led away; and they are scattered to and fro upon the isles of

the sea; and whither they are none

of us knoweth, save that we know that they have been led away.

"And since they have been led away, these things have been prophesied concerning them, and shallalso concerning all those who Better than any later hourhereafter conbe scattered and be founded, because of the Holy One of Israel; for against him will they

harden their hearts; wherefore, they Richard L. Evans

shall be scattered among all nations and shall be hated of all men."5

There are several passages in the We all live with some uncertainties; we all at times

Book of Mormon which speak of THh fear failure; we all worry about many things that

this scattering, likewise in the Old B THE haven't happened; and we all have regrets about

and the New Testaments. It is unVJ/ WORDSPOKEN some things that have happened. And as a year

necessary to mention all of these. comes close to its closing, there is lingering in theThe Lord has promised that these mindsb of most of us some thoughts as to what we have done and

scattered members of the house of what we have failed to do. These thoughts linger in the backIsrael shall in the last days be ground of our lives no matter how fast and feverish the pace of

gathered. They shall come back this absorbing season. Some have had losses, accidents, illness;

from their long dispersion to inherit some, loss of loved ones; some, discouragement and disappointment.

the lands of the covenant in the due It is always so. Life is never always altogether trouble free for any

time of the Lord and no mortal hand of us. But this we all must admit: that much of what we might

or power can stop them. When have worried about hasn't happened; much that could have ocvisiting the Nephites the Lord said curred in the events of the world and in the affairs of men hasn't

to them: "And verily, verily, I say happened. In the words of one eminent observer: "The Creator

unto you that I have other sheep, and Preserver... has brought us by a way that we did not know

which are not of this land, neither to the end of another year"1—a way through which we have surof the land of Jerusalem, neither in vived, with so much to be thankful for. True, we have troubles.

any parts of that land round about Every generation has had—and every individual also. As the parwhither I have been to minister. ents in one of Thornton Wilder's plays said of the coming marriage

"For they of whom I speak are of their son: "Yes, they'll have a lot of troubles,... Everybody

2they not as have yet heard who my his to ourselves, or has a right spare cannot own troubles."We

voice; I at neither have any time else, all legislate ourselves events. adverse can anyone (Nor we

manifested unto myself them. willto, until into are or of personally out everything want men we

I "But received have a commandthis this If in to ing learned repent improve. year have and we

I of shall the that Fatherment go it.) lesson, for grateful those should one Sometimes be who we that shall them,unto they and hear differ- "It's to late us, are older for say the do too but young: you

voice, shall and be numberedmy ently."at at of of us time But year—should any any none age—or that sheep, thereamong my be may

it is It past. late too to the that too be improve assume upon may foldone thereshepherd; and one

late things, for so as part of a year—long has some any a person butfore to myself I go unto them."G show

left left the step to take, to or a or a improve day can live, he upon of interesting the most and One significant parables ever written is past. Indeed, any present time is better than any later hour for

is yet a little left,that revealed to Zenos and recorded repentance and improvement. And while there

in the fifth chapter of Jacob in the it is a better time than later to turn toward whatever we should

Book of Mormon. It is a parable turn toward: not more mistakes, not more misunderstanding—but

of the scattering of Israel. If we had to turn, if need be, from what we should have done to what we

the full key to the interpretation, yet should do—grateful for what we have, and also for much that

then we would have in detail how hasn't happened.

Israel was transplanted in all parts of the earth. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Thus through this scattering the Columbia Broadcasting System, December 8, 1957, Copyright 1957.

Lord has caused Israel to mix with the nations and bring the gentiles (See page 127 for references.)

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On the Bookrack SAVE (Continued) The Godhead, Apostasy from the Way of the Lord, The

Restoration of the Gospel, The Bookof Mormon, the First Principles of with the FINEST the Gospel, the Plan of Salvation,

Call to Repentance. One of the

good features of the book is that ithas an index.—M. C. /. NEW ALLWEATHER

THEY KNEW JESUS George W. Cornell. William Morrow Motor Oil& Company, New York. 1957. 288

pages. $3.00.

This book is a stirring reiteration of the New Testament story through SAVE the biography of twentyfour of GasolineChrist's contemporaries during the time they were most moved by his—up to 2 extra gallons

entrance into their lives. The picfrom a

tures of these people become cameotankful of gasoline clear in their fine etching by the author.-M. C. /. SUPBR:

SAVE Melchizedek Priesthood Motor Oil—up to 88% more

(Continued) can use to keep a miles per quart running account of the status of every quorum. It shows at a glance

the activities and progress of one SAVE for or one year.quorum A quorum a Your Motor secretarycommittee keep it can up

to date with very little effort. One—-eliminate valve

sheet is sufficient for one quorum Jifter rusting for one year. Use a separate sheet

for each quorum. Have the secretary of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee keep a set for the

use of the committee. A postcard

to the General Priesthood Committee, 47 East South Temple Street,

Salt Lake City 1, Utah, will bring

Give your tar the tare it deserves at Utoto dealerssufficient copies for your stake for one year. where you expect more and you get it!

2. A second way for stake Melchizedek Priesthood committees to Utah Oil Refining Co.

keep informed of the details of administration and the problems of each quorum is to call in the quorum presidency each quarter for a special report and instruction meeting, using this form as a basis for analysis and constructive comments. From

thirty to fifty minutes should be allowed for each quorum presidency to meet with the stake committee alone so their problems may be presented and detailed help given. Free parking for hotel and dining guests in our new

These meetings—now getting excel375-car parking terrace. Add comfort and convenience

lent results in many stakes—are in to your stay in Salt Lake City.

addition to the regular stake priestTHE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY hood leadership meetings. HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

COFFEE SHOP * DINING ROOMS * BANQUET ROOMS

FEBRUARY 1958 117 Today's Family Eileen Gibbons, Editor

Wardrobes of quality and harmony for the whole family—or closets full of white elephants. Between

these we choose by the way we shop for clothing.

Adequate and becoming wardrobes are not haphazardly obtained any more than good nutrition is Smart ours without forethought and planning. Especially

is this true in a family where careful, organized use of the clothing dollar is essential if Dad's income is Shopping to stretch.

Wise buying pointers, the fundamentals of economy in andchasinggoodclothes,taste, havebut inalwaysrecent beenyearsimportantthey haveintakenpuron additional significance because a multitude of new fabrics and finishes have brought to the textile scene greater versatility, durability, and ease of care. They Modern

have brought greater complexity, too, but what is more important is that they can insure more successful, satisfying buying. Today's consumer, more than ever Textileland

before, is finding the precise garment she wants in terms of care and wear properties, budget, and other considerations.

by Lucile L. Trost Fundamental to the wise handling of that shopping

dollar is, of course, budget, an essential of good home

BYU Department of management. Into harmony with budget, which tells

Clothing and Textiles us how much we can spend on clothing, we must bring our needs, and need of course must be considered in terms of the number to be clothed.

These factors vary greatly from family to family, will essential differently. solve and each them The -acts about NUTKANA 600

thing is that so that the housewife solved they be

UC8TKB THAM THE FlSStST VU% 5>MAS5",NT!-V S"S headed downtown knows what she will spend, for

umpantHJ*"so*? '-;i0 w*** whom she will spend it, and about how long her pur-

S.OVSILV Oi chases must last.

Some families successfully ease the strain in harSpot ftttt"T*> sja KVKSTil '<LASSIE monizing budget, need, and number by the "rotating"4 'KMmtt *;

clothing dollar system. In most families, for example,

>T***tte everyone cannot have a new winter coat every year

""J-**"'1*'

>'rjj WA&>

t AG U.N *'*

\H> > A new casserole discovery TUM ALMOND CRISP made with better blending Morning Milk or even every other year. If the

replacement of clothing is carefully planned so that some members of the family have a coat one year, others the next year, or the next, it is more often possible to purchase top quality. Quality of course is

basic in this plan because quality goods wear well and look better for a longer time.

A woman who sews can furthi ease the strain on finances by making a coat for one of the children from hers or Dad's old one and buying only one new coat. Two spirits

are lifted and two needs filled.

Children's clothing, of course, costs less and is outgrown sooner.

This and many other factors, such as the activities in which each family member is engaged, must go into planning that clothing dollar.

When it comes to the actual selecting and buying, the wise shopper is the one who is always mindful of the following as they apply to what she intends to purchase: use,

wear, style, size, brand name, and label information.

Use—The way a garment is to be

used directs the housewife in her decisions. If absorbency is important, a manmade fiber would probably be less desirable than cotton,

wool, or linen. My son's feet

perspire so much he is not comfortable in 100 percent nylon socks, so you need it bad bereavement comes, you can When cash when ifftu wt& it, have expenses to meet final by investing a few cents a day under the Sentinel Plan, a plan used by 23,000 Utahns. It pays bills regardless of when or where the need

arises! Available up to 80 years..

no physical exam in most cases.

Write today for complete details THE hhW';

"Jr 2121 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co.

..sparkling <r

I buy cotton with nylon reinforced heels and toes. My daughter much

prefers nylon stretch anklets, since lemon lime hersorbency.feet canIn takebuyingthisworklack clothes,of abthe use would indicate need for

rough washing and highheat ironing, which would generally rule out manmade fabrics. A child's sweater,

in the green bottle:.>:k;w:-ko;1sk-> whichand quickrequiresdrying,frequentindicateslaunderinga synthetic fabric. Cotton items which

will be washed often should always be bought with an eye open for the with the red label preshmnkWear—Thisor wouldSanforizedseem label.to be always of major importance; however,

if a garment is to be worn infrequently, or for shorter periods of

Get in the Spirit! time,often satisfactory.moderate or lower quality is

SERVE ICE eOlB'769SS?f wearClothingis characterizedwhich will bygive stronglong

seams (the smaller the stitches the better), adequate material cut into the garment so that it fits comfortably, a firmly woven fabric, and a "finished"look—inside and out.

Ever think what would happen if Anticipated wear for fabrics is accelerated in the factory by means results which of machines, and to or even years take months fire were to lay waste your home, would

See the friendly Agent of the simulate in ordinary wear are obUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. weeks.tained byInformationmanufacturersgleanedin a fromfew

in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your these experiments usually appears on

sales informed A helpful, clues to a give further policies. q*r see personlabels. can

HEBER J. fabric's potential wear. GRANT & CO. Nylon hosiery chosen with wear in General Agents

of extra days give several will stockis the Fifteen denier 20 South Main—Salt Lake City mindservice.

ing most bought because it is usually the one offered when no specific denier is asked for; yet, barring those

snag and run accidents, twice the wear can be expected from a twenty denier. a fifteen than denier from ASKIN often will thirty hose pair denier of If PROBLEMS?troubled with are rough, you dry, "BANQUETMASTER"THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT

to six months. as itching scaling long skin or as two or an adolesare wear TABLE FOLDING BANQUET

Designed for today's beautiful skin cent troubles with have given and casual and aroundthe-house For Churches Schools thinking despair, no up in product would Cafes Private Homes like forty, fifty, wear, some women skin, relieve or heal then your you owe it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT. and even sixty denier, which give up

Your druggist has this marvelous healing to a year's wear.

ointment and will gladly refund your money if you are not pleased with reTwo kinds of filaments are used in sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and nylons—monofilament (one thread)

skincolor. and multifilament (more than one

Made in the West by thread). The denier tells the num-

L.D.S. workmen.

Before you buy, compare Banber of threads used. Ten, twelve, BISHOPS—

quetmasters for quality of material and and fifteen denier hose are all monoof beauty workmanship, SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY there that design. Low filament, TO GUARANTEED which means paid. freight cost—only $22.66

Get order it atHyour from drug*Mstore, or small thread Satisfaction to guard is only one Guaranteed inspection. your table sent for Sample denier snagging. against Twenty

collect 2-6601. or Write telephone JA &H LABORATORIES all indicate and numbers above

151 EASTM 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH INC. D. H. CO., LOOSLI

Small Size—$1.25 Large Size—$2.00 Idaho Falls, Idaho

POSTPAID

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA multifilament threads were used. The

greater the denier number the more threads used. When silk stockings

were the vogue, the most luxurious were comparable to today's thirty denier nylons. Sheer stockings such

as we now enjoy were unheard of.

Style—A garment which is greatly

out of style is rarely a bargain. Children's and men's clothing styles are

quite well stabilized, but in women's clothing fads come and go so rapidly that sometimes the manufacturers haven't time thoroughly to test the Thirteenyear-old does lots of home cooking wearing quality of their fabrics, and untilnot in complaints come do they Mother and Daughter Win Cooking Awards about garments.know much some

The opposite is true of children's Last year Mrs. Hoyt Palmer and When you want to serve someclothing, where reputable manudaughter, Myrla, entered cooking thing special—what goes over big? A

facturers thoroughly test all items. competition in a big way—they enyeast-raised treat! If you make yours

Active Fleischmann's use at home, fairs. they tered, at two won And shirt styles Men's vary nowadays say cooks prizewinning Dry Salt at the Lake County both awards Yeast—as in as in fabric pattern. much With it's keeps best. the And Fair. Palmer Mrs. Fair State convenient—the andseveral fabrics to choose from, use it use, find to shelf. You'll easy the on 19. while of Myrla 52 took a total won

Still areand best guides. need our Active Fleischmann's Dry Get a has only not Mrs. Palmer Busy favorite,the cotton holds best up "Thrifty every look on too.Yeast—and job for, teaching a care but to familyfor laundering rough ironing, and for strip a "YeastRiz"Three"plenty of gets well. she as However, offer dripdryman-mades convenrecipe. of Myrla. And, help from cookingience, nylon offer and blends ease

of care and durability. course, Fleischmann's Active Dry

Yeast is a big help to them both. "It

Size—Although all sewing pattern stays fresh right in the cupboard,"

companies recently stabilized their says Mrs. Palmer. "And it's easy to

sizes, little has been done to stabilize use,"adds Myrla. Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

readyto-wear sizes from one manufacturing house to another. The

problem is further complicated by Go "Inside Labor"with the element of flattery because many manufacturers intentionally makefemale sizes larger than standard so Victor Riesel that the consumer feels she wears a smaller size than she actually needs. With his exposes of laborOverhearing a woman say one day

... his newsbeatsthat she had spent a considerable racketeering

sum to have a size fourteen suit 'alof happenings inside labor's tered and what alterations had been ranks, Victor Riesel, the made, I asked her if a size sixteen blinded newspaperman, is one wouldn't have fit her better. of today's most avidly read colsaid, "Oh, yes,"she sixteen "the umnists in America. His colfit I've but never me perfectly, worn

anything larger than a fourteen in umn appears regularly on the my life!"It is difficult for manupages of your family newsfacturers and retailers to eliminate paper, the Deseret News and

sizing problems against some conTelegram.

sumer attitudes.

Children's clothing also presents sizing problems because many manufacturers still size according to age even though children of the same age vary a great deal in size. A THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S /Z<i NEW SPAPER system of sizing children'snew

clothing has been developed by the

Human Nutrition and Home Economics Services of the US Department of Agriculture, who found that height, weight, waist, and hip measurements are the best guide.

FEBRUARY 1958 121

'WORKING* Many manufacturers have adopted Colorfast refers to the resistance of a this method. dyed fabric to colordestroying agents such

It is best to take a child to try on as Combedthose mentionedyarn is yarnabove.which in addition MEN clothing or if this is impossible to to being carded has received further paralcarry his measurements. leling and cleaning treatment to produce

Brand names—Sometimes these a smoother, more uniform, lustrous yarn.

can be very helpful guides to quality. CombingCreaseresistantremoves theis ashorterterm fibers.applied to

Whether or not they are depends fabrics treated with resins which give of course on the individual conthem resistance to creasing and crushing.

sumer and her past experience. Thisrayons,finishlinen,is usuallyand blends.employed on cotton,

difficult to fabrics Embossed raised or prohave of lacompare ZOOM with overestimateLabeling—Itthewouldimportancebe jected surface figures or designs, which

oatmeal, or any other hotbels, both those in the garment and have usually been produced by engraved, rollers. heated steaming, Washing, water of brightly colored cardboard will those spotting, or tends dampness to remove an cereal and ZOOM too often which get thrown away design. embossed

be Your choice! with the sales slip. The wise homeEverglaze is a trade mark for a family

maker will keep the detachable of quality products, a guarantee to the that consumer is the individual fabric of file, in a indicating each on Faster labels cooks fine quality with durable, luster, washable the it garment from which taken, was controlled porosity, spot, soil, perspiration, than QUICK... so that or ironing washing come wrinkleresistant time and properties, and

tastes Better there is no guesswork. When a shrinkage control to two percent. Everglaze fabrics also have stabilized been it dry,"means that against is stretching. starching needed. No % than GOOD! labelpart ofsaysthe"dripprocess of treating the is Needlized a trade used name garment after ironing is to allow brand of eightysquare percale andonrefersone

water to drip through the fabric, primarily to the removing of properties of fabric or finish offer resistance which which process largely replaces irontoa the needle. ing. The ignoring homemaker who, fast dye is a dye that does not change A

label, wrings a dripdry garment appreciably during the life of the material is used. on which it ( Labels should or i FOLDING theby hand puts it through a wringer,

cate "fast more specifying than dye,"to makes wrinkles BANQUET indieven which ironing is fast. what the dye will sometimes not remove. has She refers to Mercerized a finish given TABLES

done away with the very convencotton to improve its luster, strength, andto

Direct Prices & ience which the garment was manudye affinity.

Discounts to factured to give her. A permanent finish is a finish that is not

Schools, Churches, Informative labeling is essential destroyedPreshrunkin dryreferscleaningto a finishingor laundering.treatment Lodges, Clubs,

and all Institutions to intelligent buying, and although given a fabric to prevent or reduce shrinklabeling is still far from perfect, age in laundering. Preshrinkage may be

progress is being made. Under one bychemicalimpregnationmeans. or by mechanical or

plan being encouraged among manuResidual shrinkage is the shrinkage

TRUCKS MONROE the labels it color of in property remaining fabric after a would has x facturers, storing easy, Forthe truck wayTables shrinkage. undergone be uniform throughout modernFoldingtables the industry

handlestion of EachandConstrucstorageChairs chairs.permits No TSCor is Storage Transport Sanco400-Finish the for trade name Truckeitherspace. in limited indicate and the in would care TS Truck No. a. process designed to to impart fabrayon

forWrite Discounts label Catalog showing 54 laundering required. A green rics washability, resistance, crease color

sizes types and Folding Tables, of MONROEand 160 fastness, at would indicate—washable control and shrinkage within twoand Trucks. line Also popular of Folding Chairs.

percent. F.; an indicate—amber label would THE COMPANY W0H*O refers Sanforized preto a mechanical at 105 249 F. washable STREET. CHURCH COLFAX. IOWA hand or wash finish shrinking given to cotton mainly

with care; and a red label would fabrics to reduce subsequent laundering

indicate—dryclean only. shrinkage. When properly controlled, Sanpercent one in laundering. those most commonly appearing on LADIES! The following terms are among forized fabrics will not shrink more than stain resistant Spot and means that material treated to has resist spots been Discover how labels. and

materials Sunfast will are those which NAPKINS Balanced fabric is fabric in which the stains.not to sunnormal fade under exposure

have brought success size and the number of yarns per inch in light. ( Since no fabric is absolutely sunfast

to thousands of fundthestructure)warp (lengthwiseis about theyarnssameformingas inbasicthe theresistantterm betteris somewhatdescribesmisleading.this property.)Sunraising projects.. filling ( crosswise yarns ) Tebilized is a finish applied to many

MAIL THIS chromiumChrome compounddyes are isdyesused foras a whichmordanta fabricsmussing,to andgive crushing,them resistanceas wellto ascreasing,better

COUPON TODAY... (a substance which combines with dye recovery from wrinkles during wear.

for your FREE samples! to produce a fixed color). Colors are not

as bright as acid dyes but are faster.

Chromspun is a trade name given to a Should purchases fall short of the ROBERTS EDGAR Minn. /Minneapolis, colorfast process viscose in which and promised performance even though

obligation, send Without Napkin Actual fibers acetate are a solution to given dye quantity prices. has closely Samples the consumer and followed IE 28 Dept. insure complete colorfastness permanent

Name to light, atmospheric fumes, perspiration, label directions, it is her responsicrocking, and cleaning fluids. bility to notify the retailer, who in

AddressCity-.Zone state122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Everybody sure likes turn reports to the manufacturer.

Honest consumer reports are the surest way toward better labeling, Table Queen Bread!

more uniform sizing, and the solving of other problems in the textile industry.

To the homemaker the wonderful new world of textiles offers this challenge: Learn to understand us;

use us; and our possibilities are

limitless.

Delicious... nourishing

Rich in milk—contains the non fat solids of a full glass of milk

Enriched with vitamins and iron ARE

YOU, TOO, Salt Lake City'ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogdon

ALLERGIC TO WHEAT? FOR A LIFETIME

by OF HEALTH..

Edna M. Smith and an

honest loaf!

After suffering from a rash for LEE HOUSEHOLD quite some time, I went to a skin STONE GRINDING ALL specialist for tests and found that, of all things, I was allergic to FLOUR MILL ELECTRIC wheat! Before me I could see all Automatic

the good things that I might still Economical cook for my family, without being Portable able to eat them. Let me say here, When you grind your

I have a good appetite, and I like ownbeforeflour,baking,a fewyouhoursget loaf! You honest also an Since in meals. variety I am my

differtaste the can foods, allergic other a good to I saw ence.

many uninteresting meals ahead. Saveoffer! onSendintroductorycoupon

I is rye. check with or money flour I can use The only

lb. for choice 5 order

all recipe books searched through the my pkg. stone ground

and found only one recipe that was day shipped.

made of all rye flour. I have found LEE ENGINEERING CO.

that rye flour is heavy and not easy Milwaukee 1, Wis.

to cook with, unless used in combiLee Engineering Company, Dept. IE-2-58

nation with wheat flour, but I cannot 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis.

use wheat flour even in small quantiIS YOUR SON OR DAUGHTER Deaf Smith Flour 5 ib. pkg. Pp. only $1.50

ties. I have also found that rye flour READY FOR COLLEGE? Wis. Minn. Flour 5 Ib. pkg. Pp. only $1.00

Name or soda of Interbaking powder needs more summer profit by a they Or would

Street - living and group wellorganized and little than one esting more liquid and a

French as spoken City State experiences? Such learning flour. the use By with wheat would vocareading and German, imsystem, error I have trial and summer educational tional and guidance—aimprovement,

provised several recipes in which I enrichment program.

LDS YOUTH FOR SCHOOL A VACATION rye flour and have come use all now 1518 Ages NEW ZEALAND TEMPLE to give a recipes Personnel enough Operated by LDS up with *999?

"A"variety. I wish to pass these recipes For further information write: DEDICATIONPan American AirLDSor TOURAirSea

on to others who have found themThe Smith Vacation School for meals,Leave Apr.sightseeing,14; Return muchApr. 25.more.Inc. hotel,Eight mostday

B: exextra. Tour $74.76 Holiday, Hawaiian selves, or some other member of the Youth LDS

$1399. Tour Australian tended

Street Lewis 108 West itinerary. detailed for Write

Ithaca, York New NEWS INTERMOUNTAIN CALIFORNIA facilities available. meeting Full Church 29 Los Angeles Ave. 1023 N. Western

FEBRUARY 1958 123

family, in a predicament similar to Rye Ginger Cake XVi cup raisins mine. % cup candied fruit peel

Vz cup shortening % cup sugar Stir together first three ingredients

Rye Fruit and Nut Bread 1 cup molasses in small saucepan, gradually add hot 1 egg water and boil 5 minutes. Add 1

2 cups rye flour. 1 cup hot water cup of raisins, boil 3 more minutes.

4 teaspoons baking powder 1 heaping teaspoon soda dissolved Remove from heat, add rest of raisins

Vz teaspoon salt in the hot water and candied fruit peel. Let cool.

Vz cup sugar 3 cups rye flour Vz cup nut meats 1 teaspoon ginger 1 cup seedless raisins Vz teaspoon salt Dough:

1 tablespoon grated orange rind % cup raisins % cup shortening or butter 1 egg 1 cup sugar 1 cup milk Cream shortening and sugar, add 1 egg 2 tablespoons melted butter or molasses, beat in egg, then soda 1 teaspoon vanilla shortening and water. Sift dry ingredients, SVz cups rye flour

add gradually to creamed mixVz teaspoon salt ture. Add lightly floured raisins. 4 teaspoons baking powder

Grease 8x5x3 inch loaf pan thorFill wellgreased large loaf pan Vz cup milk oughly. Measure flour, baking powslightly more than half full. Bake

der, and salt into sifter, sift together in 325 F. oven one hour 30 minutes. Cream shortening and sugar, add

into mixing bowl. Add sugar, nuts, egg and vanilla. Mix dry ingrediraisins, orange rind. Mix well. To Openface Rye Cookies ents, add alternately with milk.

beaten egg add milk and melted Roll thin, cut with fancyshaped butter, add to flour and fruit mixFilling: cutter, place on baking sheet with

ture, mix just until blended. Pour 2 teaspoons flour small amount of filling on each

into greased pan and allow to rise Vz teaspoon salt cookie. Bake in moderate (375 F.

20 minutes. Bake in moderate Vz cup sugar oven 1520 minutes, or until lightly

(350 F.) oven 50 minutes. Vz cup hot water browned.

Spiritual Values in Washington His soul took refuge and his heart 1861, when he left for Washington to and Lincoln found rest."take his oath of office: "I now leave, not knowing when

(Continued) hear his prayer. He This great statesman's fame rests or whether ever I may return, with

will, Hannah, thee may rest assured upon the fact that he achieved a task before me greater than that he will."his country's independence by the which rested upon Washington.

Washington attributed the success sword; maintained that independWithout the assistance of that Diof the American cause to divine inence in time of peace; and estabvine Being who ever attended him,

terposition. He once wrote: lished the principles of democracy, I cannot succeed. With that as-

"It having pleased the Almighty liberty, and freedom in an enduring sistance, I cannot fail. Trusting in

Ruler of the Universe to defend the frame of constitutional government. Him, who can go with me, and recause of the United American States, Lafayette said of him: "Never did main with you, and be everywhere

and finally to raise up a powerful I behold so superb a man."for good, let us confidently hope that

friend among the princes of the Abraham Lincoln, on the other all will yet be well. To His care

earth, to establish our liberty and hand, is honored not as a founder commending you, as I hope in your independence upon a lasting foundabut as the savior of the experiment prayers you will commend me, I tion; it becomes us to set apart a in liberty. So engrossed was he in bid you an affectionate farewell."

day for gratefully acknowledging the saving the Union that he once said In his "Meditations on the Divine divine goodness, and celebrating the that if he could save it by freeing Will"he emphasized the fact that important event, which we owe to every slave he would do so, and that God determines the destiny of naHis divine interposition."if he could preserve it by retaining tions.

Edwin Markham recognized his slavery he would do that too. He "The will of God prevails. In

dependence on the divine in the folis honored not only for his love of great contests each party claims to lowing tribute: liberty and of the common man, but act in accordance with the will of

also for his honor and integrity. God. Both may be, and one must

"His trust was in the Ruler of be wrong. God cannot be for and

events—Lincoln led a rich and inspiring against the same thing at the same

In Him who watches. He could say, life. His reliance upon God is retime. In the present civil war it is

'The ends vealed in the following hearttouch- quite possible that God's purpose is

Are in God's hands. I trust, ing words with which he bade faresomething different from the purBut while I trust I battle.'In this well to his fellow citizens of pose of either party; and yet the hucreed, Springfield, Illinois, on February 11, man instrumentalities, working just

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA as they do, are the best adaptation /7For cruiselike comfort—go BIG -01 //

to effect His purpose."

He developed this same idea on Largest and Fastest Liners to the occasion of his second inaugural address. "The Almighty has his own purAUSTRALIAposes. Woe unto the world because

of the offenses! For it must needsbe that offenses come; but woe to NEW ZEALAND

that by whom the offense cometh!

If we shall suppose that American Your transPacific trip is a vacation in itself, slavery is one of those offenses aboard any of Orient Line's Big-0 express which, in the providence of God, shipr. Three blissful weeks of sunshine and sea

..must needs come, but which, having air... relaxing on spacious sports decks

continued through his appointed pampered by fine food and flawless British service! tap for your pleasure Everything's on willstime, and to remove, he now

public airconditioned pools,... swimming gives North and to boththat He

South this terrible war, as the woe rooms, generous free baggage allowance, comdue to those by whom the offense fortable living quarters. Three classes. Tourist

came, shall we discern therein any roundtrip, from $554 to Auckland, $604 to departure from those divine attriSydney. Regular West Coast sailings, via

agent. local travel Fiji. See your and livHawaii in a the believersbutes which

.;: '-;: ascribe to always Him?ing God Orient connecLine GLOBETROTTING: FOR

Fondly do we hope—fervently do tions from Australia to Europe, with transwe pray—that this mighty scourge Atlantic return in any Cunarder.

of war may speedily pass away. Yet,

if God wills that it continue until piled the all the wealth bondup by fifty yearsman's and hundred two of Orient"There's no better wayline unrequited toil shall be sunk, and to cross ffie Pacific!"

until every drop of blood drawn with shall lashthe another paid be by as said CUNARD LINE General Passenger Agents in U. S. and Canada the sword, withdrawn was

three thousand years ago, so still it must be said 'The judgments of the

Lord are"true and righteous altogether.'

On another occasion Abraham Lincoln stressed the fact that God rules in the world.

'T think that He means we shall do more than we have yet done in furtherance of his plans, and He will open the way for our doing it. I

have felt his hand upon me in great trials and submitted to His guidance, and I trust that as He shall further open the way I will be ready to walk therein, relying on his help.///#///i**********/y//////////////////////// and trusting His goodness and wis- v///////'

dom."Lincoln often went to God in prayer. He was a regular attendant

at the Presbyterian Church in Washhave your children seen p ington, D. C. He usually sat alone

in the pastor's room, from which he could hear the services without being seen. Lincoln had a deep and

faith in abiding terest in children. God's God and a keen inthe Goldfish I

The deep and abiding spirituality he's part of the fon of these two great leaders made it of family dinner in fhe possible for them to render unselfish service to humanity. In doing so, COFFEE SHOP they have given the world a supreme 5

example of the dignity of man at his Hotel Utah jf

Max Carpenter, Manager

FEBRUARY 1958 125 aunes9 Music{&#yKt*ta. best and the glory of a government his potentialities. They gave and

which provides him with his freepreserved for the world its finest dom of choice so that he can realize example of liberty.

The essence of all that Christmas is

Richard L. Evans

Among the several sides of this season, there is one that is the essence of all that Christmas is. By its

THE very name (and by much more) Christmas is a

TRIUMPH l N TONS SPOKEN commemoration of the birth of Jesus the Christ—WORD

our Savior—the only begotten of the Father in the

the 1SEW CLASSIC... flesh; who came to earth and died, and literally was resurrected,

and did for us what we could not do for ourselves, and so assured

Ideal for Church, us everlasting life. Accept it or not, rationalize it or not, or wave

it away if you will, yet Christmas without this cause, without this

Chapel or School conviction, is devoid of that which most makes it all that it is. It

is of angels true that the so is not peace the sang on earth which it says: has heard Everyone who

it It solidly as is true are that there assured were. wish we would like just a sounds organ "This

pipe organ!"We invite you to fears and threats, and arrogance and evil, and selfishness and concompare this new Conn organ ceit. It is true that many are beset with misgivings inside themother instrument with any on the selves and with fear of forces outside themselves. It is true that find its performYou'll market!

ance incomparable... its price some are downhearted and discouraged; that some are sorrowing

amazingly low. and some sick; that some have lost those they love. It is true that

Get FREE seriousthere areas togrievousbe frighteningpersonalforandmerepublicmen problems,to try to solveand orissuesdecide.so

Demonstration in It is true that men and nations too frequently have failed to hear or heed the voice of the Prince of Peace. But it is also true that Our Store NOW

Organists, organ committees and there are some blessed assurances, among them this: that he who

all music lovers are cordially insent his Son, not to condemn but to save—he who is the Father of

vited to a demonstrationrecital us all, who made us in his own image—will not let his eternal plans

by Mr. Glen Pratt in our store and purposes be overridden by the arrogance and evil of misguided

any time. No obligation. men. And among the greatest gifts of Christmas are the comfort

and courage that come with this conviction. Let it be a time for

Daunes Music thetimesweetof cleaninggatheringout togetherold errorsof andfamiliesfalse andattitudes,friends.and Letgossipit beanda

grudges, and envy and indolence, and thoughtless acts and utterances. Let the spirit of him whose day it is move upon us with

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO J- Salt Lake City its kindliness and consideration, with less of cynicism, less of frustration, less of despair, and more of the courage and comfort that come with the keeping of his commandments; more of repentance

followed by the blessed quieting of conscience. Against all outward and inward storms, amidst all the confusion of men and

weapons and words, let us take this assurance unto our souls this

Christmas, with these, his own words, and add them to the greatest of his gifts: "Let not your heart be troubled: ye. believe in God,

believe also in me."1 Let us witness, with the very sweetness of

repentance and peace inside ourselves, our conviction that these things we celebrate are so—and witness with the words of Job:

"... I know that my redeemer liveth,..."- Thus may we keep

Doll Sewing Kit for Little Mothers! Christmas.

Famous Jane Miller Doll Fashions available * in readycut kits with easyto-follow instructions. Dress, panties, and nightgown, of high "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

quality materials with snaps, lace, needle, Columbia Broadcasting System, December 22, 1957, Copyright 1957.

that's for a lovely needed (See page 127 for references.)and thread—all

Kit,outfit. $1.00; ppd., 8"Doll Order now,

10i/2 "Kit, $1.25.EDU KITS

1007B Pierce Bldg.. Oakland 12, Calif.

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA anjwjunjrinfy,

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

65, 128 John Davenport68 Bureau of Information SPRING 72 Van Photos 82 V. Douglas Snow

83 Keystone View Co.86 Harold M. Lambert QUARTER

Studios Boyart87 CLASSES START MUCH Knight88, Kay 90 Ufor greater a H been never There demand has Lions Three 9689, office trained workers. Get comthoroughly Reynolds Ralph92, 118

all the training plete advanbusiness with Clix Camera94 instruction. individualized of tages Crosby Ronald102

118 Labels ZCMI LDS BUSINESS COLLEGE 70 North Main Street Salt City, Lake UtahFOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES full information Please about the sendFOR ARTICLES: schedules. College Spring Quarter and

Your Question Name 2:8-11. Abraham MAIL COUPON replyTODAYincluding receive will immediate an Address You 5:13. 2Moses

classes, information illustrated on City Zone State.. brochure with 1:1819. 8Abraham

etc. living tuition, accommodations, schedule, 2:5. *Acts

22:3-5. 6 1 Nephi

63 Ibid., 16:1-3.

The Last Supper—The Arrest

Scriptural references for "The Last Supper, theArrest,"page 95, appear in Matt. 26, Mark 14, Business CoCCegcLuke 22, and John 1314, 1718. LDS

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

The Spoken Word

Better than any later hour iWilbur L. Cross, former Governor of Connecticut.

2Thornton Wilder, Our Town. "The Story of EUROPE

performanceRepeat SUMMER '58 Author Unknown. Exciting, Carefree, 2William C. Gregg. Informative Tour of BRICK"

Europe gratitude kind living, of movingA film, color... a sound and 16mm For You! Planned PastPresident Lagueux, Arthur

(Inc. Brus15: Belgium France, of Rotary InJune 3-August is to for available showing nowternational.

Fair), sels Switzerland, Netherlands, World school, club, or other church your Italy, Austria, England Germany, $987 is that Christmas essence of allThe in Additional 16 Sweden, Norway, days group. ijohn 14:1. Scotland, $348 England Denmark,

2Job 19:25. University credit available

of ALL young people Open to ages under Make reservations through leaders faculty experienced

Write or call DAvis 2-4761, ext. 281 Film Dept. at the following:

College, Pocatello State Idaho

University, State Logan QUESTIONNAIRE for freeUniversityinformationofto UtahTRAVEL, Utah

Extension Division University of Utah, Salt Lake City by Beulah Huish Sadleir Salt Lake City 12, Utah Brigham Young University, Provo

Where is the spring That lies in wait INTERSTATE Behind the winter's Fl Llwl5 BRICK CO.

Tightened gate? DEVELOPED 3100 South 11th East

Salt Lake CityHow cry the ragged waterfalls and PRINTED

Lending their songs To mountain walls? ( ) *taOM-f)NfrOMMM

Send Coin Only - No C.O.D.'i IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

is theWhere height MONEYBACK GUARANTEE! Aids in treatment of Canker, simple skyOf summer

throat and other minor mouth PHOTO LAE soreThat lifts to let MS irritations. and throat

A bluebird by?

Where is the purple twilight's HALL'S REMEDY

Pledge that borders on Salt Lake City. UtahThe autumn's edge? WE OFFER...

COMPLETEThat brings to view A SERVICE CANDY ENGRAVING

A flaming penFrom Missionary Portraits to the Largest ffi CAKE DECORATING MAKING

Experience Necessary. $5 Housewives Wanted! No Catalogues. lovely time. for in Endless demand easy spare Crosses her "t"

luscious Professional Decorations houroriginal and Cake alt Attention Parties, Mail Orders for Given Prompt Easlei. Weddings, Xmas, wonders when? turn yourholito occasions. youAnd how and We startshow small, business mine, into your Candydayskitchen gold

age, required, educational capital noown Noa CO. UTAH ENGRAVING firms, clubs, business big!Big from Money

facts limits.growparties, churches,Write on for birthdays weddings, St. 231 Edison Salt Lake City, Utah

Dept. freeCake, Candy complete & home

California. 6, Angeles instruction.Olympic, 3209 Los W 43

FEBRUARY 1958 The Last Word

Three things must a man possess if his soul would live, Cheerfulness and content are great beautifiers and

And know life's perfect goodare famous preservers of youthful looks.

Three things would the allsupplying Father give- -—Charles Dickens.

Bread, Beauty, and Brotherhood. Do your best, and rejoice with him who can do it

—Edwin Markham better.

"Do you know, there's something funny about this business of speaking ill of other people? Point your

finger at me."

The friend did as he was bid.

"Now, what are your next three fingers doing? They

are pointing right back at you, aren't they? You see,

I can't help but win, three to one."

That's a good trick to remember when you want to avoid getting upset. Remember that for every

finger pointing at you, there are three pointing at whoever is attacking you.

No life can be pure in its purpose and strong in its Wherever there is a human being, there is an opstrife and all life not be purer and stronger thereby. portunity for kindness.

—Owen Meredith in Lucile

If you want success, find out what you like best, and then stick to it.

A thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue, but the parent of all the other virtues. If any dull day comes, plan to make the next one

—Cicero brighter.

The race of mankind would perish did they cease to aid each other. We cannot exist without mutual

help. All, therefore, that need aid have a right to ask

it from their fellow men; and no one who has the

power of granting can refuse it without guilt.

i vw——mmmhwwm -Walter Scott wwwwwwww* if win

Sorrows are our best educators. A man can see A Confession

farther through a tear than through a telescope. You're only a boy; just a bit of a lad.

I guess I expect too much.

But it's mainly because I assume you're a man

The best portions of a man's life are his nameless, That I look for behavior as such.

unremembered acts of kindness.

—Seneca A man's religion is not his private property—unless

he shares it he hasn't any.

If you want to teach a fellow something, you must first make him want to learn it. If all else fails, follow directions.

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Miss Nancy teaches VICTOR BORGE

Presents The 'Third Half ofRomper Room School

Comedy in Music Weekdays at 11 a.m.

FEB. 19 7 P.M.

"PLAYHOUSE RED SKELTON 90"THURSDAYS 7:30 P.M. TUESDAYS 7:30 P.M

Look to channel 5 for all your family's KSL:TV

viewing... sparkling, adventurous drama, happy channel 5

comedy, thrilling sports and all the other essentials CBS for the that keep your eye on 5 for the best in television. Mountain

West Jftofac WtwHyLfatfcl7

It's really surprising how many children are "left out in the cold"when it comes to life insurance provisions. Usually it happens this way: Parents set up a

wellplanned insurance program. They include in the policy the names of all of

their children. Then along comes little

Jimmy. Unless the policy provides for future additions to the family under the

beneficiary clause, little Jimmy will be literally left out. It's something you just

wouldn't want to happen to your children.

How long has it been since you took a close look at your own policies?

It's a good practice to make sure your present insurance is keeping pace with those important events in your family life—a new job, a new home, family additions, etc.

We at Beneficial Life believe in service.

Your Beneficial Life agent will be happy to check these important changes as they affect your insurance program. There is

no obligation.

"CHILDHOOD"-the most unusual baby book you ever saw!

A teddy bear, a rag doll, and a music box try to identify their roommate. As

height "clues,"the discover baby's and they weight,—vital story part of the dates and names become

which is, in turn, the story of your own baby right up to the first day of school. There is even a photo

album, and an attached envelope for baby's valuable

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. hoodpapers,diseases,and evenetc.a 32recordpagesof withimmunizations,fullcolor illustrachild-Beneficial Life Building

Salt Lake City, Utah tions. BENEFICIAL LIFE

For copy, send 25c to cover handling and mailing.

Name - / 7 David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, UtahStreet or RFD.

City Zone..State.