TMmprouemen Every Good Book You Read

nriched You can measure your wealth by the good books you own and read

Case studies in the outcomes of spiritual power:

JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET..$3.25 BRIGHAM YOUNG, COLONIZER..$3.00

by Preston Nibley by Milton R. Hunter

A complete biography from authentic Empirebuilders story.

sources. BRIGHAM YOUNG—AT HOME..$2.75

JOSEPH, THE PROPHET $1.75 by Clarissa Young Spencer and Mabel Harmer

by Daryl Chase Amusing, gay, serious, grave moments

Tribute to the manysided man. in the home life of a great man and

revealing.TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET his family—delightful,

JOSEPH SMITH $2.75 LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL $3.00

by Joseph Fielding Smith by Orson F. Whitney

The ideas and principles which estabThe colorful character of the Prophet's lish his position as a prophet.

of print.) friend and Brigham Young's counselor. out (Temporarily

PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH EZRA T. BENSON, PIONEER,

AND THEIR FULFILLMENT $1.75 STATESMAN, SAINT $3.00

by Nephi L. Morris by John Henry Evans and

A significant study of the Prophet's Minnie Egan Andersen utterances and the outcomes. Discriminating student of men, ap-

A leader may be appraised by the people who follow him: praised Joseph Smith, joined him and

BRIGHAM YOUNG, MAN AND madeday Saintsa careerand oftheirservingcause.the LatterHIS WORK $2.75

by Preston Nibley DANIEL HANMER WELLS $2.75

A complete biography from authentic by Bryant S. Hinckley

sources. A great man, first the loyal friend of

BRIGHAM YOUNG'S counselorthe Prophetof Brighamand later,Young.the faithful DISCOURSES $2.75

by John A. Widtsoe LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH $2.75

The ideas and principles which motiby Joseph Fielding Smith vated his achievements. Faith building career of the sixth presJOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN ident.

PROPHET $3.25 PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH.$3.25

by John Henry Evans by Preston Nibley

The mystery of a man's influence over The history of the Church in the lives thousands. of eight presidents.

Book News: THE MISSIONARY BIBLE

With excellent Cambridge Dictionary and Concordance and Latterday Saint ReadyReference. Is Available Now

Unindexed—$9.25 Indexed—$10.00

(All prices are subject to change without notice)

DEiHEilTHB 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send me the following books:

NAME Amount Herewith $.

ADDRESS EXPLORING I nt

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"LJelicopters have been used in Argentina to fight the locust plagues. for gay times..

TThe whale with its grapefruitsized * eye has the largest eye of the anipay time..

mals. The ostrich has the largest eye of

the land animals, and the horse the largest of the land mammals. night time..

HPhe number of ripe eggs in the oysvirginica, ter, osfrea has been estiany time's the fifty million. at aboutmated

earliest xylophone was madeHpHE by right time for the legs laying bars across wooden of the player who used a club in his hand. In Madagascar it took two players to beat the bars, but the bars were

still held on one of the musician's legs.

Anciently on one of the Mediterranean islands, as a measure to help control locusts, the inhabitantswere required to pay as taxes so many TOUII) HOMEDROP CHOCOLATE measures of locusts.

HPhe camel was first imported into

A Egypt during the Persian conquest in 525 B.C., but it was not introduced

into the western Sahara until near theend of the Roman Empire. F i lf'1

T ight and dark spots somewhat simiCrisp and golden brown cookies with lar to sunspots have been oblots of smooth flavory chocolate drops served for the first time in a star outand real pecan meats mixed right in!

side the solar system by Dr. Gerald You can see them. You can taste them...

Kron. The star is Ac Lacertae a double and you'll want to keep right on!

star in the northern constellation ofLacerta, the lizard. Ah, yes—another secret! We use fresh creamery butter—generous quan-

A new antimalarial drug, it is tities—and lots ofeggs. Nothing but the

claimed, will enable outright cures best ever goes into Town House Cookies

In ninetyfive percent of all malaria by Purity!

relapse cases when used with quinine.

The drug which has passed clinical tests is called SN 13,274.

A silicone compound is being made which will waterproof a trout fly and keep it dry and on top of the They're fresh at water. your grocer's.

Look for the A recent study in Detroit found that blue and yellow other occupants of the front seat TOWN HOUSE of an automobile were three times as package.

likely to be killed in an accident as the driver.

An automatic switch is now on the market which turns off the radio when the telephone receiver is lifted and turns it back on when the PURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX

receiver is returned.

MAY 1949 257 "THETMmprouementEraVOICE OF THE CHURCH"&;":".11:

I* >*::: ifgr 1'fl VOLUME 52

iwslii,ap4ikWi<y:. NUMBER 5

Sv 'CWisK i&3j&*y-% OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Church Features The Cover Representative of the progress being made in the mission fields

Conference Index 259 throughout the world is the building

From a Prophet to His People George Albert Smith 266 inof aPapeete,new missionTahiti,homeheadquartersand chapelof "Beware of False Prophets*'J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 268 thewhichTahitianwas begunMission.in 1948Theis expectedbuilding

"Choose You This Day Whom Ye Will Serve"...David O. McKay 270 tothis beyear.completedThe architectabout theis endHaroldof

M Men Coaching School to be Melchizedek Priesthood 308 W. Burton.

Held June 18 262 Presiding Bishopric's Page 310 Conference for Era Writers hold Era will Improvement The for conconference a oneday tributors and others interested in

Special Features writing, June 16, 1949, in the Young

Memorial Building, 50 North Main, "The Time of Your Life"—Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 281 atSalt9:30Lakea.m.City,DiscussionsUtah, commencingdesigned to

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 300 helpenced thewriterbeginningand toand indicatethe experithe

requirements of the Era needs and the Universe, Franklin Exploring Friendship Means, Homing: What

will given. Three seminars will be S. Harris, Gilean 257 306 Douglas Jr

will in afternoon. held the These be

B. Corner, Cook's Josephine These Times—"Love Your Enepoetry, story, the short deal with

. 260 Nichols mies,"306 G. Homer Durham article. the feature noon and At On the Bookrack 261 Your Page and Ours 352 luncheon will be held at which thea

writers themselves will present their work. In the evening the conference is invited to participate in the

drama festival which precedes June ies, Poetry Conference.

Those desiring to attend should

Unnamed but Honored J* N Washburn 315 statingmail theirwhetherregistrationthey wishimmediately,luncheon

The Fort on the Firing Line—Part VIII Albert R, Lyman 286 atdrama$1.25festival,a plate,and whichreservationsone of thefor

My Hills of Home, Alice R. Rich..262 Yours Truly, Lael W. Hill 304 three seminars selected.

Poetry Page 264 Sowing Time, Eva Willes WangsEditors 315 gaard Albert Smith George A. 327 John Widtsoe Frontispiece—265 Sometimes, Elaine V. Emans

Birch Tree in the Rain, Grace The Flowering Tree, Edna M. Managing Editor

Sayre 303 Kurtz 332 Richard L. Evans

Assistant Managing Editor Doyle L. Green

Associate Editor Marba C. Josephson

Executive and Editorial Offices: General Manager

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Elbert R. Curtis

Copyright 1949 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Associate Manager

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ Bertha S. Reeder

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a Business Manager

year, in advance; foreign subscription, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c John D. Giles

single copy. Editorial Associates

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Elizabeth J. Moffitt

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Albert L. Zpbell, Jr.

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Advertising Director

F. Scott is not responsible The Improvement Era

Advertising Representatives for unsolicited manuscripts, NationalVerl contributions. but welcomes S. Townsend, Edward

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. San Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONFERENCE INDEX

False prophets 268 Speakers Family -—278 Travel Quiz

Benson, Ezra Taft 278 Free agency 275

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr. 268 Freedom of worship 268 What's the fare

Evans, Richard L. 289 Golden Rule 288

from here toHunter, Milton R. 292 Happiness 282

Isaacson, Thorpe B. 297 Home 278Ivins, Antoine R. 288 Immortality.292 CHICAGO

Kimball, Spencer W. 277 Indians—277 The answer is

Kirkham, Oscar A.—290 Inspiration 297 surprisingly low

Lee, Harold B. 276 Keep the commandments... 273, 288

McConkie, Bruce R. 293 Legislation 280

McKay, David O. 270 Love 267

McKay, Thomas E. 284 Marriage 272, 278, '293

Merrill, Joseph F. 275 Missionaries 290, 291 Fares to a mapful of other

points... near or far...

Moyle, Henry D. 280 Morality 270, 278 are also amazingly low.

Petersen, Mark E. 279 Neighbors—277 And you save 20% on the

trip you buy whenRichards, LeGrand 294 New England Mission boundaries 291 return tickets. trip round Go

Richards, Stephen L 273 Prayer, power of 284, 295 Greyhound—Go now!

Romney, Marion G.. 283 Preexistence 292 There are no lower fares!

Smith, Eldred G. 282 Prophets of God 279 OVERLAND

Smith, George Albert...266, 267, 302, 303 Restored Church.293 G R EYH U N D

Smith, Joseph Fielding 272 Revelation 297 Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES

Widtsoe, John A. 274 Righteousness.275 and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC.

Wirthlin, Joseph L. 295 Sabbath day 280

Young, Clifford E. 285 Schools 274

Young, Levi Edgar 287 Seventy 287

Young, S. Dilworth 291 Smith, Joseph 275, 295

Spiritual principles 273 You'd

Subjects Sustaining the Authorities 279 Temperance 285 Lave to

Admonition and counsel 302 Testimony 279, 287, 294 Hear It,

America 287 Tolerance 285 Too!Authority in the ministry 293 Truth 274, 276

Baptism 293 Warning 273 If folks who travel a lot were frequently Book of Mormon 277, 283 Welfare, Church 285 telling you that your

Brotherhood 267 Word of Wisdom 273 favoritehotel isstoppingtheir placetopCelestial marriage 272 Word of God 287—the friendliest hotel

that they know—and Authorities the General of Four Note: - activity 297Church really your Coffee Shop conference general the at not speak did

ribbon, deserves -. a blue 285,Church history F. Richards, President 294 sessions: George

to we'll love you'd bet Elder Matthew Albert and E. Bowen, Elder of the Air address—,. 278Church it. too. you Won't of the the Council Twelve hear of Cowley

stop in soon? welfare 285Church Assistant Sonne, Elder Apostles, and Alma

Citizenship, rights of 280 to the Council of the Twelve. President

Richards was resting at home. Elder Bowen

Clean living 292 was in attendance but on the advice of his

Communism 275 physician did not address the conference.

Elder Cowley was in the South SeasCommunity, improving our 280 presiding over the Pacific Mission, and Temple Square

Constitution 303 Elder Sonne was in Europe, in charge of Clarence L. West. Mgr.

Divorce 272, 282 theOtherEuropeanaddressesMission.were given by Desla S.

Education 274 Bennion, former president of the NorthKill- Mission, States L. western William

Eternal life 282, 292 president of pack, former the North CenEternal progression 288, 292 tral States Mission, Ernest C. Rossiter,

Facts 274 andformerJosephpresidentAnderson,of thesecretaryTahitianto theMission,FirstFaith 289, 297 Presidency and clerk of the conference. *1M

MAY 1949 259 ALL ALUMINUM "LOVE YOUR ENEMIES"

NONSTAINING By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM mark their location so foodbearing

Head of Political Science Department; planes might locate them. The Japainterference. nese offered In no

British planes precious WINDOW University of Utah days dropped parcels the first food in a break—SCREENS Cometime in 1940, Peter Nelson a few rice in three diet of polished steady

*-* Hanson, en route to the Far East years. Later the captives were released

with a United States military unit, by American marines. Peter Nelson

This little gadget, holding paused in Hawaii and attended a tesHanson returned home, to the Unithe top, bar, slides aside meeting timony Latterday among versity City. in Salt Lake Ward,

flip, with for a finger easy Saints of descent. Japanese was He There no bitterness. was He walked installation for or releas-

a, of the Church. member call was cane. with a accepted He a He ing the for screen storage...a patented feature. greatly impressed by the sincerity to the Central Pacific Mission—

with which the gospel to labor among the was accepted by his Japanese people in

Asiatic brethren. Hawaii! He says, simply, that his first meetlonths later, after ing with the Japanese

AV1 Pearl Harbor, Broconvinced him of their ther Hanson was capsincerity in adopting the tured by Imperial Japagospel of Jesus Christ.

nese Forces and made a His war experiences, in prisoner of war in the contrast, demonstrated

Philippines. He and some the tremendous possibilitwo thousand of his American countryties that the gospel afforded his Japamen escaped the Bataan "death march"nese brethren. His desire to labor

through an unusual combination of ciramong this culture group in their cumstances. For some reason, the prishome setting could not be realized

oner detachment was placed under the—but Hawaii was the next best

command of a young Japanese lieutenopportunity. A few weeks ago he reant who spoke English, rather than an turned from twentyeight months

oldline Samurai. The Americans had among the JapaneseAmericans of

secreted a quantity of gasoline, and the Central Pacific Mission. During

the Japanese commander was induced his mission he had the satisfaction to execute a transfer of the prisonof seeing active missionary work ers from the field to a prison camp reopened in the Japanese home in Davao by means of vehicle instead islands and of witnessing the young of an agonizing march through the men of the Central Pacific Mission jungle. accepting calls to carry the gospel to

Honshu and the home islands. Returnthings worse. Chortly, however, grew ing at the home, 1949 fast meetMarch

is This the tensioning deinto an loaded were The prisoners ing stating he bore testimony, simple a...... vice also patented ship old (captured) Canadian wheat his to readiness accept another mission the screen keeps which

tight and neat. A twist and crowded, a thousand of them, into call, never mentioning a word of his

of the wing nut does the the ship's hold. There were no portforty-two months in prison. The next

trick. holes. The hold was designed only to day he appeared, as customary in his

hold tons of grain. The group were at locality, before the stake presidency

The RYLOCK Tension Window Screen sea for ninety days, en route to Japan. and high council of the Emigration

They were fed two portions of polished Stake. The story of the prison years

is easily installed, easily released for rice daily, and threefourths of a cup and their ordeals was told only at the window washing. It's always tight, of hot water once a day. The time was insistence of the senior member of the

heat midsummer. in council. was stifling The

neat, inconspicuous. It lasts practicthe hold. Insects and vermin were inally forever. No painting of screen tolerable. Men lost their minds. Men VSJhen asked, as customary, whethframes, no stains on the house from died. The survivors fell victim to berier the group of stake leaders

beri, Hanson. Brother them among could render assistance in finding emin corroding screens. What's more, RYAll all, fortytwo months were useful activity, spent ployment and Elder

LOCK Tension Window Screens are in Japanese prison camps, the final Hanson's reply was simple, grateful, inexpensive. years in Japan. Peter Nelson Hanson but independent. Thanks very much,

was assigned to work by his captors. but he had two or three opportunities

fulfilled his best the assignments to available. Besides, he could walk up Sold by He

ability. lost of his conday he One and conditions steps now, being down

Leading Lumber Dealers sciousness. Beriberi and malnutrition favorable, and he was most grateful for

had taken their toll. Of a hundred days everything he had. Peter Nelson Hanof his life in 1945 he has no recollecson does not know these lines are being

tion. Towards the end of that period written. He will disapprove and be

he became conscious of the ceiling embarrased by them. I hope he will

above his head and eventually of a forgive me, for the story is told not few friendly faces. His legs were like for his sake, but for ours. In these

two dried sticks. Doctors said he would times we need to remember the words

never walk again, should he live. uttered on the Mount:

FOR ALL DOUBLEHUNG WINDOWS Tn August 1945, representatives of the But I say unto you, Love your enemies,

International brought him Red Cross bless that curse to them you, do them good LTD. RYLOCK COMPANY,

the might be first news that the war for that hate you, which and pray them 2485 Washington Ave., San Leandro, California

over. The prisoners were instructed to... persecute you,

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ON THE BOOKRACK Just the Tractor ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE You've Been Wanting (J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Deseret Book

Company, Salt Lake City.

1949. 469 pages. $3.50.)

HThis refreshing and informative book clings to its title, shows careful scholarship, and sets forth in simple language, from a persuasive point of view, the story of the Church and its doctrine.

The first two hundred twentyfour pages contain the text of the book;

the next two hundred fortyfive pages cover an appendix, really an extension of the text. It is difficult to say which

of these parts is the more important.

Both offer knowledge of vital importance to Latterday Saints.

The faith of the Church is presented in close conformity with the revealed word of God. This leads of necessity

to a consideration of the many departures from the gospel as it was taught by Jesus, the Christ. The volume

then becomes in some measure a study of the great apostasy.

The first seven of the twentysix chapters of the text are devoted to the Godhead, man's premortal existence, and the purpose of earth life.

The next chapter forms an unusually dependable exposition of the correctorganization of the primitive church. toThen follow six chapters on the tailored

appearance of the erroneous dogmaswhich culminated in the apostasy from Cropsthe church of Christ thus necessitating Truck the restoration of the Church. Eleven

chapters then recite the restoration in this day of the gospel, and its doctrine and organization. The concluding

chapter is an eloquent tribute to

Joseph Smith, Prophet of this dispensa- O Here's a highstepping tractor with all the "get up and tion. go"that you expect from a Case. This Model "VAH"has The erroneous doctrines that led

to the great apostasy form the theme nearly 27 inches of crop clearance at the middle, more than 30 of the appendix. Some are given inches under rear axle housing. Inside clearance between botmajor attention: forgiveness may be toms of bullgear cases is over 50 inches. It's cut to measure

the ofpurchased; use in worship not only for tillage but for dusting and spraying of tallsaints, relics,martyrs and images; and

the improper veneration of the virgin growing truck crops.

Mary; and the misuse of the ChristRear wheel tread adjusts from 60 to 88 inches, front wheels

priesthood. regiven The convincing

is fortified these subjectsview of by to correspond. You can work any width of row from 72 down

a wealth of dependable quotations to 18 inches before you need to leave blank rows. You can

and references. The appendix thus work over beds 17 inches high and clear out to the tires

becomes an excellent exposition of the higher beds up to four feet wide.

"falling away,"which will be of deep interest to all students of latterday Like all Case tractors, the "VAH"has a heavyduty Casehistory and doctrine. built engine that develops full power at moderate piston speed,

All in all, the book offers a survey pulls still stronger when slowed down. Ask your dealer for

of gospel lore unrivaled in scholarship, full information about the "VAH."

inrichness amplificareferences and latest catalog. Send fortion, faith. in certainty Latterof and size and Mention type of

profit, will Saints read it with andday fit to tractor your farming use it repeatedly for guidance in also anything you need in thought and action. It will long reimplements or farm machines. Co., Dept. J. I. Case A.main a Mormon W.

Wis. Racine, {Continuedclassic.—/.on 264) E-44, page

MAY 1949 261 M MEN COACHING SCHOOL 10 BE HELD JUNE 18

Tn an effort to stimulate added interest being sponsored by the M.I.A. which

A in the M Men basketball program, has as its ultimate aim the building of improve the quality of the game better Latterday Saint men, spiritually throughout the Church, and help foster as well as physically. It is also hoped,

better sportsmanship on the part of he stated, that the better understandspectators as well as players, a coaching of officiating rules which will be ing school for M Men coaches, mangained through the school by coaches, agers, and players will be held in Salt managers, and players will be passed

Lake City in connection with June on to spectators and initiate an interconference, June 18. est in audience education which will v fewkovise result in better sportsmanship on the

part of spectators. He expressed the

belief that the criticizing of officials can be eliminated through the development of a better understanding of the game. Motel In the largest basketball league in

the world, we should have the highest of fair play and sportsmanship in the x world, he said.

A. WALTER STEVENSON MARVIN J. ASHTON

Floyd Millet, formerly head basketball coach at Brigham Young University, assisted by Russell Magleby, popular Granite High School mentor, has been engaged to conduct the school, which will be under the direction of A. Walter Stevenson, first assistant general superintendent of the

Ashton J. of FLOYD MILLET RUSSEL MAGELBY

the general the Y.M.M.I.A.,M Men committeeand Marvinof

board.

In the daylong school, instructors Coaches Millet and Magleby are

Millet and Magleby will go as far as eminently qualified to conduct the possible in teaching the technical phases school. Both men are graduates of

of coaching. Theories, offense, deBrigham Young University, and both

fense, dribbling, passing, shooting, have had years of coaching experience.

guarding, training, officiating rules, and Mr. Millet joined the B.Y.U. coaching

first aid are among the points to be staff in 1937 after having coached at stressed. A demonstration by qualiDavis High School for three years. At

fied officials giving interpretation of B.Y.U. his basketball teams have conFamed throughout the Intermountroublesome rules will be included. sistently been on or near the top of

tain West for its Gracious Hospischool,In makingSuperintendentthe announcementStevensonof saidthe leaguecoached standings.in high schoolsMr. ofMaglebythe Granitehas

tality. that this is a part of a unified program district for a number of years.

400 rooms with Bath... Largest

Catering Facilities in the Intermountain West... Ultra Modern

Coffee Shop... Garage Facilities

Adjacent... Conveniently locatMY HILLS OF HOME

ed in the Center of the Downtown By Alice R. Rich

Shopping District... The Newhouse Hotel will make your stay TT Then nature fashioned my hills of home NOON

in Salt Lake City a pleasant one. * * She spared no color, no tint, no tone, The midday light casts no darkening shade

But splashed vermilion and rust and gold On rocky peak or on sheltered glade;

J. HOLMAN WATERS, President On her craggy peaks so steep and bold. Now my hills of home, in monarch's dress,

J. HOLMAN WATERS MORNING Join earth and sky with their gorgeousness.

W. ROSS sends her radiant beams sun morning SUTTON The EVENING Managers

flaming reds and evergreens, Over as it sinks to rest, The sun's last rays,

Main at 4th South Street Mellows to softness her vivid hues, Throw burnished gold on each tall bright crest; SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH Subdues her brilliance with smoky blues.

Then purple and gray spreads over each dome; And night shades close on my hills of home.

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA So they shall know good music of all nations

Casey Jones, Paul Bunyan, Pecos Bill,

Johnny Appleseed... all the legendary

heroes of America are this year coming to life for children in 2,663 schools through the music of the Standard $TANDA Broadcast. School * o F

explains music week, this good plays and program Each CAL,F o* NlA cur-, listeners. Title for classroom of the an estimated 400,000

rent course is "American Music and Folklore"... but over the

years, music of all nations has been studied and enjoyed. Man- m

uals and other materials are supplied for the use of teachers.

This is the twentyfirst year of Standard School Broadcasts.

It is our sincere hope that we have helped children in the

West know and appreciate the music of the world and understand better its people.

Standard Oil Company of California

MAY 1949 263 On The Bookrad TIMPANOGOS(Continued fromTOWNpage 261) (Howard R. Driggs.

Rulon Hales. The Clarke Press,

127 pages,Manchester, H, N. IN APPRECIATION DESERT SPRING pictures.plus of 101 pages $3.00.)

T Tere is another work from the able To Mother and Father on Mother's By Courtney Cottam

It is Driggs. of Dr. "the pen story Day and Father's Birthday

did not come upon it suddenly, Battle of Pleasant andof Old Creek

Grove, Utah."It has about it a charmBy Clara Plant Hansen I Like rainbows torn and scattered on the

ing informality interwoven with old earth, crevices, in rockwalled buried deep tuneful that organ But touched once tales, life, glimpses of pioneertown Hands reflush to note only a graygreen With notes song; into a wove And things. old of doingand It makes ways birth. picture into paint a Fashioned for readingengaging those have who babies, long. labored Cradled

their roots in the chill; still communities back held a early desertdawn The

land; alien this to turned before sun for others which it comments,on and tresses Light unruly that coaxed Hands

lips, to of I raised morning the cup myalso. all like It doesn't con- a read at curls, Into bright and shining

ventional history. It includes stories Gave of labor, love, and comfort And let its newness trickle through my

of places and people, of Indians and To her home and boys and girls. hand.

industry of achieveadventure, and spring of blew clean, winds sweet that soothed hands my mother, The pictures, 101 of of Calloused pagesments. The everywhere. soil, living the from Wrestedpersonalities in places the old and the lay, gemlike, stemless blooms on Small, for children growing shoes Mended

town make this an interesting album Father hands, roughgrown from toil. ground;

also. Congratulations to Dr.—R.Driggs!L. E Hands, I bless you for your guidance. AcrossA cactusrosethe desert'sflungsilvery,petaledmutedlonelinesssound.

this land. I crucified not what do know TELEVISION the anxious STORY caused For OFTHE Tears of grief I give, and praise: moments

its rivers, its stilled raging dwarfed you, What Life blessing of days. Philo your For T. FarnsworthThe of my

trees. (George Everson. W. W. Norton &

it still out, seeks that spring I only know 1949. York.Company, New like bits radiant kiss in leaves her And

266 pages. $3.75.) these.

"Industry, courage, struggle against FOSTER MOTHER ultimate odds, success up and sum By Josephine Mclntire AVALANCHE thisthe life of "father the man called of television"even though he is a comparatively man, having young been NOT once did she descend into the valBy G. G. Rockwell

ley wild tiny running rock in Beaver, of anpioneerborn Utah, One child; trod not her a once bear body To mountainside acestors, Down 19, 1906. August The book heritage of of pain, the path woman, The avalanche an become Has fascinating reading than moremakes in soul from usher a snowwhite God. To died. which have Beneath men is full of suspensea novel and and

is distheredrama. Although technical valley the another from once But woman life, in small deed one Likewise

the of her spark in human the Threwcussion explanations the book, torch—a unkind, Censorious and

life. lucidlyare that so one would made tie friendship the of snap May it fast held caught and wrapped and She little difficulty in following the of mind.have destroy your peace And

it around is It delightfulexplanation. a human love. wife role of of her mantle The To

interest story of idea a with an man angels motherhood. added Glad Was BLOSSOMS PEACH

it persistence the to withand work smiled until it became a reality.—M. C. /. On this mother of an orphan child. By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys

WITHIN THE ROOT Wangsgaard. ( Eva Willes The Wings I standand rain;and watch them blown by wind

Press, Mill Valley, half in pain yet I watch, 1949. 80 pages. $2.00.) springfresh wind in the California. TO MY MOTHER PinkHalf petalsjoyously,drifting

unthey'd fragrant clouds as if come In is poetry of Mrs. WangsgaardHpHE Christie Coles Lund By pinned refreshing experience. always a

pass them watch swaying From boughs—I lies stir ability in to the unusualHer things '"Phere jure many lie scattered in young on beauty And

life itself to sheapproach has as well... tell you. I could * grass.

as in the picturesque choice of How I remember your hands.

language. Divided into six sections, Smooth and beautiful

the book has solace, stimulation, peace, When you were young, I PLANT THIS TREE parchment roughened it. Theirthought, to beauty and commend Higbee Robison Alma By old; that are you Now is first section; the and BergamotMint

their pity with eyes Your the of second; SorHours, Wreath thisA more, foretree and so much PLANT their gentleness; And

rowWise, the third; Who Loves the Your warmth and your kindness I knowing

Earth, the fourth; Like Golden MarThrough the long illness That spring will cameo each bough with

bles, the fifth; and Some Truth Was In the faltering moment white,

Saved, the sixth. The book will prove Of weakness; And castanets of leaves, when little winds

a welcome addition to the family Through the hour of triumph. are blowing,

stars at night. sing to the a chantry Will ached I havelibrary.—M. C. /. How

I the within than roots planted more sorrow For your

THE RUNNING OF THE TIDE And your hair's slow silver. I planted a nest and little ravelingsearth,of

song, Mifflin Forbes. (Esther Houghton

rebirth, of oftrecurring miracle are things The There many Boston. 1948. Company, folk for tell friendly shade who pass you, I could And pages. 633 $4.00.) all along. say, really, I can Though

Predicated to Ferris Greenslet, author Is that I love you. Through spring and winter, through each

of The Lowells and their Seven And I have not told you dusk and dawn, (Concluded on page 312) This often enough. I plant beauty to live when I am gone.

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA W?

:: ',.

.,::.>.

F:3isiK&3

..:$:? W'

",;;...fi--;iy-=*

'-Photograph bg Don Knight

... forlare gla& tt&mga mttn ttje mtjabttanta

of?arttj.. %

Sm</ yWA the elders of mu church, unto the nations which are afar off; unto

the islands of tL sea; send forth unto foreian lands; call upon all nations, first

upon tke Cientiies, ana then upon the gfews.

—Doctrine and Covenants 62:5; 133:8.

MAY 1949 To President George Albert Smith on his birthday came messages of congratulations from all over the

Church for his leadership in editing "The Improvement Era,"an effective missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. From President

George Albert Smith the voice of warning must sound to all nations.

John D. Giles, business manager, is presenting the

messages to President Smith (seated); standing,

from left to right, Richard L. Evans, managing

editor; Bertha S. Reeder, associate manager; Dr.

John A. Widtsoe, editor; and Elbert R. Curtis, general manager.

Address delivered at the Sunday morning session of the 119th annual general conference, April 3, 1949, in the Tabernacle Youder lookif anymightyof yougoodaretoasme.happyI wonas

I am, to be at this conference. I

started praying about two and a half months ago that I might be here, and

I am grateful to the Lord that he has heard not only my prayers, but also your prayers, and I take this occasion to thank every one of you for the interest you have had in me and for the kind words that have been written, and the prayers that have been offered.

I would like at this time to thank all those who, out of the kindness of their hearts, have sent cards of greeting and letters of encouragement. It

isn't possible for me to answer them all, but I am sure that those who have sent them will receive comfort because of what they have done.

I have just come back from California. We have a large congregation of

people there and particularly in the place where I have just been, the Los Angeles area. It is remarkable how 5L -J PROPHET

many kind people there are there, day Saints. They sometimes don't

people who are not members of the understand the beauty of the gospel

Church, but who are interested in of Jesus Christ, but they have dis-.,what we are seeking to do. covered that we have some of the best My visit to California this time was basketball, players in all the world.

in the interest of building another temAnd that draws us a little nearer. The

ple. There are many people down great choir and organ advertises us

there who didn't know what it meant. in the world, and it's a joy to many

They thought it was just another meetwho are away to listen in to this great inghouse. They didn't realize that choir, Church of Joseph Smith or of any

while a meetinghouse serves a small other leader who followed him. This

community, a temple serves a larger \T7e are met here this morning not is the Church of Jesus Christ, and it community for a different purpose. We vv just to talk and visit. We have was our Heavenly Father who gave it

were anxious to have everything adcome together to worship in the most its name.

justed so everybody would be happy. earnest manner. We are here in the I wonder sometimes if we realize

May I say that we have received Lord's house to wait upon him. Many what an honor it is to have memberexcellent cooperation from people who of you have come thousands of miles ship in this great organization. Even

are down there. Our own brethren just to be present. If each of us today in our business affairs and in our sowho live there have made such a fine is here to worship, if we have come cial affairs we should carry with us

record that, when they visited individfor that purpose and will exercise our the feeling, "I am a part of the work uals in regard to the matter, they have faith, the Lord will not fail us, and of the Lord, and I desire to be worthy been received with consideration and we will conclude this conference feeling of the blessings that have come to me."

kindness, and I want to take this occathat he has blessed us marvelously. There has never been a time in the

sion to thank them, particularly, I wish that many more of our peohistory of the world when the opBrother Preston D. Richards, who ple could be present on an occasion portunity of disseminating the truth has

spent so much of his time doing the of this kind. Our house is not large been so great as now.

thing that I went down to do and visitenough. Even now we have to begin In our own land people are glad to

ing those who would be of importance to think of a larger place for our genhear our missionaries, pleased to learn in helping us to make our adjustments. eral conferences, but today we are something more of the gospel of Jesus

The word comes from the missionthankful to him who gave us this house Christ. Some people have worshiped

ary field that the Lord has opened our and these surroundings. the sun; some have worshiped other

way in numerous places. It is marvelWe are thankful to him who is the luminaries; and some have worshiped

ous what a change there has been in Author of our being, and grateful that mountains and other things, with the many cases. The magazines and newshe came down to earth and brought thought that it was worship. But the

papers of the world are going out of with him his Beloved Son to begin a worship in the Church of Jesus Christ their way now to be complimentary to new dispensation—a Dispensation of of Latterday Saints is a devoted life,

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthe Fulness of Times. This is not the a desire to be worthy of him in whose

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the children of the Latterday Saints. Many of our missions have used

Brothers and sisters, we must dethe singers in their groups, and they pend not only upon the institutions of have held concerts among the people learning, but also we must follow the where they could sing the gospel as admonition of our Heavenly Father well as teach it by other means. Many

when he says that it is our duty to of you brethren and sisters are in teach our children when eight years charge of institutions of learning and of age, faith in God, repentance, and are teachers of these young people. I

baptism. pray that not only may you have the

He refers there to parents. He joy of feeling that your intellectual opdoesn't turn that over to schoolteachportunities have been better than

ers. many, but also that you may draw near

If parents in Zion or any of her enough to the Lord that you will feel stakes which are organized fail to his presence and the inspiration of his teach their children these things when spirit while you teach the most preeight years of age—not waiting until cious of all his gifts to man, the sons they're grown—but when they are and daughters who come into our

eight years of age, the sin be upon homes. I feel to bless these men and

the heads of the parents. women who are giving their time in

And, my, how grateful I am, that the mission field and in the schools and there are so many of the members among the auxiliary organizations outof this Church who believe that, and side of their regular ordinary work of who prize the children who have life. I feel like blessing them and askcome into their homes, and devote ing God to bless them for their faiththemselves to teaching them. fulness.

This is the Lord's house. We are

VWhen I observe as I travel and as his guests today. It is he who made it

I mingle among the people at possible for us to be here, and now, home and abroad, the character of the while we are assembled together and

Latterday Saints, the fine example while we are mingled during the conthat they set, the manner in which ference, let us evidence by our conduct, they live, I wonder sometimes if we by our gentleness, by our love, by our appreciate that our boys and girls are faith, that we do keep that great comamong the greatest missionaries that mandment that the Savior said was this Church has—if they have been like unto the first great commandproperly taught. They love to share ment, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor

the gospel with others when they unas thyself."(D. & C. 59:6.)

derstand it, and they desire to under- I can say to you, my brethren and stand it. We have just had a great sisters, the happiest people in this

conference here of the Primary Assoworld are those who love their neighciation of this Church. I was unable bors as themselves and manifest their

to be present with them in this house, appreciation of God's blessings by their but I understand it was filled with conduct in life. May the Lord add his

those who work with the young peoblessing, I humbly pray in the name of ple, as well as some of the young folk Jesus Christ. Amen.PEOPLE themselves. Nobody will ever realize

the great worth of the Primary Association unless he familiarizes himself

Ljeorae bribed Smltk with what it has done in this Church through the fine leadership of Godfearing women.

image we have been created and who They add to what we should teach President Smith's has given us all that the world has in our homes other things that our that is children should and inspire know worth while—the gospel of in Second Address Christ. Jesus to a desire them the Lord do what

I fine developthe think do. them of would have When

sisters, is schools, in Brethren being that it is a joy to be Address delivered at the Monday and our ment made

I am grateful. I refer particularly to here. I thank my Heavenly Father morning session of the 119th

the Church schools (and I wouldn't for this privilege. I am grateful for annual general conference,

overlook the public schools). There your companionship, and I would like April 4, 1949, in the

are many teachers in the public schools to cooperate with you, from this time Tabernacle who have done their best to teach our forth, realizing that we have special sons and daughters concerning correct blessings from our Heavenly Father, Seventynine years ago today, a principles. But there are many people and that if we will be unselfish with baby boy came to earth across the

identified with the education of the those blessings and share them with street from where I stand. There

youth of this great land who do not those who do not understand and who was snow on the ground. The boy's

have any faith in God. do not enjoy what we appreciate, that parents were living in very humble

We are fortunate to have so many great will be our joy. circumstances. I was that boy, and

who not only have the education that This is the Church of Jesus Christ. here in your presence today, I praise

comes from the universities, not only Millions of our Father's children do my Maker and thank him with all my have the benefits that are derived from not know anything about it, but they heart for sending me into a home of science, but in addition to that, also are his children just the same, and he real Latterday Saints.

have a testimony that God lives and expects us to do our very best. Since I grew up in this community. When

that we are his children. It hasn't been the close of the war, we have had as eight years of age, I was baptized in

very long since I saw a letter written many as five thousand missionaries in City Creek just a block from here. I

by an educated man who concluded the world. Many of them have done was confirmed a member of the Church

his letter with a suggestion that all wonderful work. They have found the in fast meeting in the Seventeenth

religion was a myth. All of it! And hearts of people softened and ready Ward, and with the encouragement of

yet that man has a position teaching to hear the message. (Continued on page 301)

MAY 1949; 267

to help you enough be goodMY brethren and sisters, I ask that that with prayers your what me in accordsay today be may I may "BEWARE the the with will of ance and mind the Lord, and then it will be of beneThe Washington chapel stands as a symbol to the nation a great people of that truth been has again fit all blessing to of us. and

call this in to spirituality The is sounding

I like refer to should capital, to the fine nation'srevealed. from President which J. Reuben

instructions given us last night by Clark, Jr., was sent as ambassador to Mexico.

President McKay, in which he told us that the duty of the elder is to teach and to warn, and if the Lord the line me. that along leads I have asleep.

talk to We must not be about, thought I might I want say something by way of warning. We have the truth; we

I want to follow along the thought must preserve it and that was expressed and the situation ourselves in it.

that was referred to by Elder Stephen

L Richards this morning, when he called attention to certain influences that are at work amongst us.

One of our Articles of Faith says:

We claim the privilege of worshiping Address delivered at the Wednesday according dictates to Almighty the God session of afternoon of the 119th all conscience, allow our and men own annual general conference, let privilege, how, them the same worship where, or what they may. April 6, 1949, in the

Tabernacle That is the expression of a great principle, a principle that has been operative among the children of God from the earliest period of which we have any record. It was pursuant to

that principle, and in the exercise of the rights guaranteed thereby, that a third of the hosts of heaven revolted, in an effort to overcome the plan which

God adopted.

Personally, I would not in any way, and in the lightest or slightest degree, hamper anyone's free agency. Literally, I feel and believe that men should

worship how, where, or what they may. That is the spirit of the priesthood, the priesthood which we hold.

The priesthood never compels. God

himself does not compel the intellect, nor does he attempt to overthrow it.

If I might be specific, I would like is principle different that to say how it shall there does not in all Time Yea, to a permit day come when read me the principle of church great from a built shall that shall say: be churches the I up scriptures that telling here, have

its says, presiding or ofhaswhich for unto you me, and your money Come of things the that are to in the come ficers in take, the that oaths say they sins. shall of be forgiven your last days. call But I might atyour all willthat attack follow they and up tention to the fact that in the Saviorheretics, the centuries over they are ravening and amongst wolves The the Sermon the said, on Mount that us, oath.have from membership, good our and made own

The Lord has told us in the scripBeware of false prophets, which come to they, more than any others, are clothed tures that in the last days there will you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they in sheep's clothing, because they wear be two churches. John the Revelator are ravening wolves. (Matt. 7:15.) the habiliments of the priesthood; they

spoke of the great church with worldare they to whom Brother Widtsoe ly power that had under its dominion To the people on this hemisphere he referred, as distorting the truth. We

and leadership the kings of the earth made the selfsame statement. should be careful of them, and I enhe spoke of it as Babylon, the Mother I also call your attention to the dorse every word that Brother

of Harlots; and Nephi spoke of it as words of Paul in his farewell to the Widtsoe said, as to the obligations of

the great and abominable church. I elders of Ephesus. He said, those who instruct the youth.

am not going to say what that church

I this, For that after know departing my definite I a I have veryis, though and to just or say want a word Mow, shall grievous in enter wolves you, among I idea.clear that to But say want the two secuchurch about and not sparing flock. the

tell that scriptures also thethose us lar us,, organizations that are amongst of Also selves shall your arise, own men isother church, church a weak all that are and doing to they lead can a speaking things, perverse to draw away church to whose assistance God has disciples after them. (Acts 20:2930.) our young people astray. I say there

to come in order to preserve it. We are both church organizations and

certainly are not the great church, for I would like to read what Paul said secular organizations. Their method

kingsno approaches—becomes approach—or

of our Church. clear. are tied toWethe chariotare the wheelsother towillTimothy,read whatbut Moronitime forbids.said to ButMor-I ofrather

church. mon. I might read just one paragraph They begin by making friends with

Now, our enemies are seeking to of the latter. It is the thirtysecond our young people and also with memattack and are attacking our Church. verse in the eighth chapter of Mormon: bers of that body of priesthood, as to

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AflY,L"A everbrotherswas aand.timesisters,in our ifhistorythere

against the guard must be on when we of influencesOF 5?X PROPHETS"insidious propaganda and

the churches of the world and the iSu president /4. fKeuben Ltar/?, g/r. atheists of the world, that time is tonot be asleep. must We We OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY day.

it truth; preserve must have the we

and ourselves in it.

which we have so much concern, the Corinthians is introduced, and read After Jesus had returned from the adult Aaronic Priesthood. They cultihow the fifteenth chapter is introduced, wilderness following his baptism, he

vate the friendship o these members then you will have no) doubts but that came to the River Jordan where John of ours, then they invite them to their the epistle was addressed to the Saints, was still baptizing. As John stood

homes, then they take them to their and that the early Saints baptized for there, seeing the Savior, he said, "Besocials, then to their classes of inthe dead. hold the Lamb of God,"and apparentstruction, and before the members On the principle that the wish may ly replying to somebody who wanted

flatter great him him and tell how it, this thought, say to to the father they be the know it, before we know ".. shoe's added,. whose he was, he last religion that because cannot priesthood our youth and the membership

are gone from us. it is too hard for the individual to live, latchet I am not worthy to unloose."

What do they say? What I am and therefore our religion will fade (John 1:27.)

about to say is not mere supposition. away and become extinct. Of course, The next day Jesus came again to

I am quoting or telling of actual incitheir present feverish activity belies the group on the banks where John dents. They say, "Do you not find that thought. But as I think of that was baptizing, and again John said,

when you go into your church, that statement, it seems to me that among "Behold the Lamb of God."Andrew

you are embarrassed sometimes bethe many answers that might be given and some others who were the disciples cause you smoke, or because you drink to it, one of them is that our Church of John, followed Jesus, who took to taught there and them his room set says. to beer?"the "Well, has never been up "Oh, yes,"be thrown man

and, out them. Then went Andrew this is that that difference. to in our church, and gospel never no down, makes

Those things have nothing to do with be given to another people. Another found Peter, and declared with joy,

religion. Come and join us."is that the restored gospel is more "We have found the Messias,"the

So they take into their socials our than what they mean by religion. Christ.

members; our members drink a little When they talk of religion, they speak We of the Church have found the

the Christ. He authorized as merely of and smoke they wish. a relationship as much between God Messiah,

the building of this and directed is Finally all crossed, the Rubicon questions of and the relationand man;

the members are lost to us. These ship of man to man have passed out Church. We must not let the error

propaganda organizations are building, of their religion. But our plan is a and the evil which knock at our doors,

in some places, halls of amusement. plan of life and salvation, including, cross the threshold and enter therein

In one of our mission fields, they have not only the relationship of man to to rob us of the greatest things that built next door to one of our own God, but also as I have said, the God has to give to us—our children.

churches, where they carry on these relationship of man to man, throughout May we be as wise as serpents, and amusements, not in accordance with the eternities, and the divine destiny as harmless as doves. May we prothose tect our ours of youth and who our standards, at that time the same God has planned for his righteous

clearly as see as they not should do services. holding is we are an children. That

threaten these dangers them, which and case, is extreme is situabut there is such a heresy a There which amongst

I against warning which you, I am tion, there are in and other places us many degree some and has which now in the of pray Jesus. humbly name they where are providing existed since early the Christian amusement days,

-, Amen. the under conditions same the that to which declares the and of the God

same import. Old Testament is not the God of the The Capitol Building, Washington, D.C.

.../'/ there ever was a time in our history when

we must he on guard against the insidious influences and propaganda of the churches of the world and the atheists of the world, that time is today.

They tell our people that the Word New, that the Old Testament God of Wisdom has nothing to do with has disappeared. I have never quite

real religion—nothing at all. Then been able to see how the proponents

they tell them that if you sin, you of this idea could square it with the come and confess and pay some penstatement which the Savior made reance, the sin is forgiven. peatedly, that he did only what he

They attack, among other things, had seen the Father do, and he taught baptism for the dead, and are finally only what the Father had taught him.

bringing themselves around to the posiThus those who would drive out the tion of atheistic scholars who have God of the Old Testament must deny said that that wonderful passage in the Christ in order to do it. These

the fifteenth chapter of First Corinother churches seem to regard God thians, "Else what shall they do which as a God of vengeance, seeking to are baptized for the dead, if the dead destroy his children. We know that

rise not at all?"(verse 29) was adour God is a God of love, because he

dressed to pagans, and not to the early was the Father, and as I have said,

Saints; that the practice referred to Jesus said he taught what his Father

was a pagan practice. had taught, and he did what he had

Well, read how the epistle to the seen his Father do.

MAY 1949 269 Address delivered at the Sunday outstanding leadership won for him the the wrong way in seeking happiness.

morning session of the 119th title "the servant of the Lord."Just It is the duty of parents and of the

annual general conference, before his death he called upon Israel Church not only to teach but also to

April 3, 1949, in the "to put away the strange gods"that demonstrate to young people that livTabernacle were among them, and to be faithful ing a life of truth and moral purity and obedient to the God of Israel. The brings joy and happiness, while viola-

|hoose you this day whom ye will people in Joshua's day evidently made tions of moral and social laws result serve; whether the gods which a wise choice, for, we are told, that Isonly in dissatisfaction, sorrow, and,

fathers that served were your rael to carried extreme, when in degradathe flood, side of the or other"Cthe tion.on

all of the the Lord days in land the of ye Amorites,gods whose elders that of all the the days... andserved Joshua, house, for as butdwell: and me my

.. old overlived 24:31.) 'T'here is an Joshua. story, which. (Joshua

we will serve the Lord."(Joshua 24: many of you read in a recent I magathink

15.) has person every normal God To zine, told of the experience which of a

sisbrethren keenly, Sensing and choice.""the of freedom given Our artist great to engaged paint was who

this of responsibilityters, moment, the spiritual progress depends moral and for in a the mural Sicilian cathedral a seen unthis and audience, vastfacing freeof that the use make upon we life subject town. the of The was

at- I sympathetic for yourseen, ask dom. Christ. artist lathe years For many

prayers. fortitude your and diligently, finally bored paintand the

time quickly thinking just how reli- I was test real or church of any '"Phe ing finished for except was the two six months since met passed wehas it is the gion of makes. kind men figures, important I most the Christ Child

circumstances. similar underago We for grateful deeply and very happy am Iscariot. far and searched Judas He this sing appropriately verycould of the high type and young manhood for for and wide those models two eliminated old that hymnmorning now in the being reared Church womanhood figures.

from our hymn books "... how swift as indicated recently by a report of

the months have passed away; 'tis con- 6,556 prospective missionaries in their One day while walking in an old part

ference again, and Zion's untold thoumedical examination including serologof the city he came upon some children sands come to sing the joyful strain."ical tests preparatory to their going on playing in the street. Among them was a

With you I rejoice in the presence missions.

of President Smith at this conference. In 1946 there were 2,263 so exam-

I am grateful with you for the progress ined. In 1947, 2,134; likewise in 1948,

of the Church. Its growth in the or- 2,159, or a total, as I say, of 6,556,

ganized stakes and in the missions is 6,554 showed negative tests; only one

most satisfactory. As President Smith in 1946 and one in 1947 were positive

thinking indicated, "CHOOSE YOU among alreadyhas in three thousand. than more

the throughout and womenmen I said, as there are other reworld,—oneBut

are of the Churchthe purposes now ports which are more disquieting—reresultant the with understoodbetter the influence ports of of false ideals. I

lessening of prejudice. Its means are think it is what Joshua had in mind, inmore adequate for the promulgation a way, when he spoke about false WHOM

throughout the world of the restored gods. False ideals, if accepted, are

gospel of peace and love and universal even more destructive of spirituality brotherhood. than was the worship of the Amorite twelveyear-old boy whose face stirred

But the enemy is active also. He is gods. the painter's heart. It was the face of an

dirty very one, the perhaps, but opseeks every and wily angel—acunning and reports pertain parties to wild These face he needed. foundathe to undermineportunity in the held people Church, of by young artist child the took The him, with home strikes wherthis of andtions Church objectionable, clubs, to not say lewd after and day the sat patiently day boy

to or deis to possible weaken ever it organized certain group; of a until among the finface of the Christ Child was

stroy. actions of girls whose parents permit ished.

The scripture I read by way of inthem to come to the city unchaperoned But the painter failed to find a model for troduction you will recognize as the to attend sport contests. Such reports Judas. For years, haunted by the fear that

avowed and unalterable resolution of lead us to believe that not a few parhis masterpiece would remain unfinished, he his search.Joshua whose nobility of character and of our some young ents and people continued

afternoon, in the painter a tavern, One against to be enticing need warned a gaunt figure tattered saw stagger and

Into the highlands and the lowlands of Scotland evil practices, indulgences in which end across the threshold and fall to the floor, message gospel carried in disillusionment the to only missionaries have sorrow. and the for begging glass a painter of wine. The

all in order that the peasant to and the nobleman can be little There into that lifted him looked face a doubt and up that war anMcKay's 0. David President heed may

It filled startled himself the him. to bear seemed Scotland, he and marks cestors from cameits call. materialistic and

a mission there. sin of of every mankind. have had Forth Bridge in Scotland science the "I painter with said, me,""Come a deadening efwill food, give wine, clothing."and you

fect the upon at his was. for last Here model Judas.

moral sensibiliFor many days and parts of many nights ties of too many the painter worked feverishly to complete of our youth. his masterpiece.

One critic goes As the work went on, a change came so far as to say: over the model. A strange tension replaced

"Selfinterest the stuporous languor, and his bloodshot fixed eyes were with horror painted on the alone remains as likeness of himself. day, perceiving One a motive, and his subject's agitation, the painter paused

pleasure as the in his work, saying, "My son, I'd like to sole end of life."help you. What troubles you so?"

I commend The model sobbed and buried his face in

President Richhis hands. After a long moment he lifted

ard L. Evans in pleading eyes to the old painter's face.

his excellent ser- "Do you not then remember me? Years

mon over the air Child!"ago I was your model for the Christ

this morning about choosing Well, the story may be fact or ficTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA tion, but the lesson it teaches is true today some to life. who prefer

The dissipated man made a wrong to revel in choice in his youth, and in seeking what I have gratification in indulgence sank ever heard Presilower and lower until he wallowed in dent George the gutter. Albert Smith

Brothers and sisters, only recently I designate as

i tory"met—a thismanunfortunatewith blearyman'seyescounterpartand dis- "theterr devil's

sipated features whom I knew years rather than ago as a brilliant, opencountenanced to strive for youth with a promising future. the higher

Man has a dual nature; one, related and better

to the earthly or animal life; the other, things of life.

akin to the divine. Whether a man rePersons who

mains satisfied within what we desigcondemn nate the animal world, satisfied with their will to what the animal world will give him, the service their apeffort of of to the without whim Yielding suffer petites, the penalties. In the Edinburgh Castle, Scotland, changing the guard. slipping is appetites passions and and

farther and farther into the realm of words of Charles Wagner:

selfindulgence, or whether, through is It rule to you, them only step vulgarity pamper needs a from Let your rises intellectual, mastery, he toward like insects multiply will see them you in obscenity. secretary executive of The

spiritual moral, deenjoyments and the them, give sun. the more more you The curtail committee the to a appointed

the choice of he pends kind upon seeks is senseless demand. they who He literature distribution of obscene put

of day, nay, alone. prosperity every in every hour for makes material happiness recently only desk most vile on a my his life.

It is said that one Roman emperor plaque, covertly cast reportedly here in offered a reward to anybody who our city, and sold to our young people would invent a new pleasure. Nero set at a nominal price. The best way to

Rome on fire for the mere pleasure of rid society of such baseness is for a new form of diversion. Rome fell parents, businessmen, and especially

because of extravagance, luxury, and every decent young person, to refuse to tolerate to report it and the vendorsThis Day dissipation. In personal, as in national

to the officers of the law.

Tt is right, indeed essential, to the happiness of our young people thatye wili serve"they meet in social parties, but it is an indication of low morals when for enlife, these are unfailing signs of detertainment they must resort to physicline and decay. Truly, cal stimulation and debasement. Such

... he that soweth to his flesh shall of indulgence weakens your character;

the flesh reap corruption; but he that discredits your family name; robs your

soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap future wife or husband of a priceless

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY life everlasting. (Gal. 6:8.) treasure, and sows seed that may ripen

In their yearning for a good time, into bitter fruit of marital suspicion, young people are often tempted to inunhappiness, and divorce. A girl who

"Man has two creators,"says Wildulge in the things which appeal only sacrifices selfrespect for social/populiam George Jordan, "his God and to the baser side of humanity, five of larity debases true womanhood.

furnishes first creator himself. This First, are: of which the most common spotless character, upon founded A

material of his drinksecond, him the raw life—the vulgarity and obscenity; ability the to the presence say no in

laws and conformity with which he ing and petting parties; third, unchasof those who mock and jeerrwins the

can make that life what he will. The tity; fourth, disloyalty; and fifth, irrespect and love of men and women second creator—himself—has marvelreverance. whose opinion is most worth while.

ous powers he rarely realizes. It is Vulgarity is often the first step down Drinking and petting parties form an

what a man makes of himself that the road to indulgence. To be vulgar environment in which the moral sense

counts."is to give offense to good taste or rebecomes dulled, and unbridled passion

fined feelings. A young man who would holds sway. It then becomes easy to

"VS7e need not shut our eyes to the tell a vulgar joke in the presence of take the final step downward in moral fact that too many of our young ladies discloses a nature leaning todisgrace.

call physical, folk of the to the respond coarse. that and is low which wards A test of true comes The womanhood

the natural it seems because easy and it girl laugh encourage and would who at the innocent stands when woman thing to do. are seekvainly many Too is that at it taking which a step toward qualities chastity. All are of court

It shortcuts happiness. to ing should is unrefined. and crude this virtue precious most crowned by

in that that kept which mind always be Starr It read of have beautiful of David you is the most Most womanhood.

is life in requires while worth most vice. of this denunciation part Jordan's of the foundation of He vital a happy

effort. strenuous it life. is saying: concludes married general by idea There a

Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide throughout the world that young men

is the gate, and broad is the way, that We find the corrosion of vulgarity everymay sow their wild oats, but that leadeth to destruction, and many there be where, and its poison enters every home. young women should be chaperoned

which go in thereat. The billboards of our cities are covered and guarded. But even in this matter

its our evidence; newspapers with is is strait gate, the and narrow Because is laxithere are of chaperonage, too much

it; story reek our redolent books with life, the leadeth unto and few way, which parents, part ty of if recent on the

it; tainted schools are our and with by it; it. find 7:1314.) there (Matthew be that relied are reports upon. to be of our or our homes, it out cannot keep we

As in the days of old, so there are churches, or our colleges. {Continued on page 350)

MAY 1949 271 SACREDNESS OF THE ETERNAL MARRIAGE COVENANT

/5 sfoiepk 1/leldlna >mltk of the council of the twelve

Address delivered at the Wednesday marriage for eternity, for he says, morning session of the 119th "... they are no more twain, but one

annual general conference, flesh."(Idem.) We ought to keep that

April 6, 1949, in the in mind.

Tabernacle I wish to read now more of this instruction he gave to these Pharisees:

followed multitudes great nd say unto him, "They Why healed them him; and he then a writing to give there. Moses command

also came of divorcement, and to put her away?"A "The Pharisees did

him, saying tempting and him, unto them, saith unto because Moses "He

Is it lawful for a unto him, man to put of of hearts the hardness your his cause? for every wifeaway suffered: wives your but from you to put away HISTORIC said unto and answered he "And 7- SALT LAKE so."the beginning not (Idem. it was

them, Have ye not read, that he which TEMPLE made them at the beginning made them 8.)Now I want to call your attention

male and female, to the covenants a man and a woman "And said, For this cause shall a make when they are married by the man leave father and mother, and shall Lord, or by a servant of the Lord, acthis twain they wife: cleave to and his ing authority. rehas The Lord by children the are spirit, that our we flesh? shall be one it with this us, will to find vealed and you

of God: twain, are they no more "Wherefore I in shall Scriptures, recorded the and of heirs heirs; if children, then flesh. "And therefore but one God What seventysix read of section the from if so Christ; jointheirs with and God, let together, put joined not hath man 5460. Doctrine Covenants, verses and that him, suffer we with that be we 19:2-6.) asunder."(Matthew the of says those For Lord who together. glorified, also be first, I may attention, call the to to wish his faithful covenants are and keep of sufferings I that the reckon "For fact that that the declared has Lord true sealed are the and and Holy by to be worthy are this not time present are united a a and when woman man Spirit of Promise: shall the which glory with compared in according the marriage, to Lord's are the they are church "They who us. in revealed be sanction, his they plan and become by of Firstborn. the the of expectation earnest the "For in is flesh; there nothing one, and one are into the they hands "They whose manifestation the for waiteth creature in indicates this that the commandment all given things has Father 8:13of the (Romans sons of God."until that least septhat death means are are priests they and "They who

19.) is the arates them. teaching Lord Here fulhis kings, received of have who

British stalwarts Mission have come From the glad tidings restored the bear Church and champion to ness, and of his glory; "NJow I want to impress upon all my

to would them have those From come who priests are High, of the Most "And sisters brethren who and good built center stakes the havelisten. converts up who many the order of Melchizedek, which that in filled Fielding the temple Smith misafter Joseph a Elder of Zion. been married have

sion to Great Britain. after the of order which Enoch, was forget the great never they should -'Photograph, courtesy Cijrit Drew Pearson after of the order was the Only upon bestowed Beblessings were which

gotten Son. them: That the Lord has given unto

"Wherefore, as it is written, they them, through their faithfulness, the are gods, even the sons of God right to become his sons and his daugh- "Wherefore, all things are theirs, ters, joint heirs with Jesus Christ, poswhether life or death, or things present, sessing, as stated here, all that the or things to come, all are theirs and Father has.

they are Christ's, and Christ is God's. And yet, there are members of the

"And they shall overcome all Church who fail to comprehend this;

things."(D. &C. 76:5460.) and after they are married for time and

That is the doctrine the Lord taught all eternity, become members of the to these critical Pharisees. It is the Church of the Firstborn, receiving the

doctrine that was taught by his servpromise of the fulness of the Father's ants, the prophets. And Paul says, kingdom, they permit things to come

writing to the Roman Saints: into their lives that bring friction and

"For if ye live after the flesh, ye separate them. And they forget that

shall die: but if ye through the Spirit they have made a covenant for time

do mortify the deeds of the body, ye and all eternity with each other; and

shall live. not only that, but they have made a

"For as many as are led by the Spircovenant with their Father in heaven;

it of God, they are the sons of God. and I want to say to you, my brethren

"For ye have not received the spirit and sisters, it isn't an easy thing to of bondage again to fear; but ye have break a covenant that we make with

received the Spirit of adoption, whereour Father in heaven. And that is

what they do. Father. Abba, we cry, at Nightingale by headquarters British Mission

itself Spirit beareth witness "The (Continued on page 349) Lane, London 272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KEEP THE COMMANDMENTS

Address delivered at the Wednesday BY and assimilate spiritual truth and divine morning session of the 119th law as it does to master the equations annual general conference, and formulas in the field of secular

April 6, 1949, in the education. The great body of divine

Tabernacle OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE scripture, although contained in few books, has been, through the centuries, be, will to continue to challenge and a in all strict the conformity with comsisters: brethren the dear and scholarship the profound most and mandments.

life I in recall the greatest occasion the has an world minds which spiteMY In of prosaic the comand it produced, of Grant for President well the Heber and be would J.

I this subject, aspect of have monplace for thoughts cynics to brings agnostics sophisticates some and andwhich me long convinced, brethren been and my It before shortlythis the of conference. that present to was day remember

sisters, challenging, that the dramost ill his close of near the instituthe and of outstanding mosthe became many is vital matic, in lives thing our and the to temple tionsadministration. of learning their inception came had He

It this "keeping the commandments."the brethreligious with to auspices; meet under that Thursdayone churches

is It tests fiber at beings. of our every First the and the Presidency ofren and foster church the people been have

intellidemonstration of once a our in regular the the of fathers Twelve ofCouncil that education the and Holy character, gence, knowledge, our our thoughtful In meeting. a and Bible inspiredweekly has high goodness, more

I will try and to wisdom. our show said, in substance:reflective idealism, he lofty sentiment, mood, of freedom

is this that true.

Brethren, in the natural course of events thought, justice, mercy, and quest for my administration is nearing its close. I Tt takes intelligence, and a high order learning than any other book and perhave been wondering what I might do in of intelligence, to worship God haps all other books ever produced in

the time that remains to best promote the truly and understand his commandall the history of the world. Let no

welfare of the Church and the people. ments and their farreaching signifiman disdain the intellectuality of spirFor a moment I thought he had some cance. Some of these sophisticates itual learning.

new project to announce, but this was who call the good "dumb"give a How glorious and satisfying to the quickly dispelled when he continued very convincing demonstration of their inquisitive nature of man is spiritual by saying that he had reached a very own intellectual limitations. I observe, and religious knowledge and undersimple conclusion. He said the contoo, that there are some of our scholstanding. The intelligence and purpose

clusion he had reached was that he ars who disparage the intellectual effort of God made manifest in the orderly could do nothing that would be of put forth in the acquisition of religious organization of the universe, the place more value and lasting good to the and spiritual truth and the science of of man in the great design furnish a cause of our Father and his people theology. Out of my own limited exconcept, not only more lofty and idealthan to devote the remainder of his posure to education and my observaistic than anything in all literature but

life and effort to getting the people to tion of learned men I do not hesitate one that is also more practical in applikeep the commandments. I am sure to assert that it takes just as high an cation to the problems of man and

that all the brethren who heard him order of intelligence to comprehend society than any other which has ever were in agreement and deeply imbeen tried and tested.

is established the Through missions gospel message farseeing wisdompressed by the of every quarter From the world we of being taken descendants back to the Lehi. of Father

Ihis utterance. I have rewas, and Brazil, In Elder which visited Richards L reStephen evidences have of a dearth of the

called the incident on many occasions. thecently,Portuguesethe Churchand isthemakingGermans.progress, both among knowledge of God and his ways. I

sensationalism. of in a world think it safe to that say the greater We live

Paulo, headquarters of the A scene in Sao is the inquiry new?""What's all part of the opposition Brazilian Mission

on everyone's lips. It often—Photograph, courtesy Jay Hunt and enmity to social progconstitutes a form of friendly ress, to liberty, justice, and

salutation. There is an inpeace is attributable to lack

satiable demand for news, of understanding, a woeful and the news to be arresting ignorance of divine concepts and intriguing, must be far and truth. I cannot see how

out of the ordinary, often the rank and file of the peotragic, the andshocking and are classed as ple who

'usually win which"scoops atheistic could communists the plaudits of the people in accept the godless totalitarthe great majority of cases ianism of Marx and Lenin if arise out of the perpetration they really had a comprehenof high crimes, catastrophes, sion and knowledge of thedisasters, scandals—public Fatherhood of God, the

and private—and the doings brotherhood of man, and the

and antics of notorious peoeternal plans of the Father ple. for the wellbeing and exKeeping the commandaltation of his children. I.

ments, as President Grant can understand how their used the phrase, is not news leaders, lustful for power in the modern sense. It is and domination, and beset

seldom dramatic. It doesn't by the constant fear of losoften arrest attention, and ing their unrighteous dominvery infrequently wins a ion will subordinate every

place in the headlines for a decent, honorable, and virtuman or woman, and there ous principle to the gaining are those who look with a of their ends, but I cannot measure of contempt and bebelieve that even their own littlement upon persons who people would support these order their "humdrum"lives (Continued on page 345)

MAY 1949 273

Jeack ZJL 1 K U 1 H

iSu /4okn Af. lAJidtdoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

thought represented a problem of the a variety of subjects. Really our peoVEAUTtf-UL OSLO day of sufficient importance to occupy ple began there what we call today

—Photuyrttpti by Cyril Urew Pearson a part of the time at this great conferadult education. It was thought that

Among the fjords of Norway, land of the midnight ence. My thoughts were pretty well an older man could not learn; only

is Dr. missionary echoing. lohn message the sun, I organized, to deliver learn. ready and that young could was people Since

of the at present GenWidtsoe, member A.

I last until best as the time the could difworld message to quite a has come to western the Authorities outside eral be thebomonly in Later born Norway. was hemisphere, he returned ferent conclusion. President forenoon a when Today man is

of the Mission, the Sunday president directing European as in his is intronever old to learn. too a remark Smith dropped in birth. his the of missionaries land woman A

ductory speech, which President Mcnever too old to learn. The power to

Address delivered at the Wednesday Kay also mentioned. One or two other assimilate knowledge remains with us

afternoon session of the 119th speakers touched upon it also. I was to the last day. Somehow these foreannual general conference, so impressed that I had to change my bears of ours in the Church understood

April 6, 1949, in the subject, not because they covered the that.

Tabernacle ground I intended to cover, but because Then a little later they came to

I was impressed to say something in Nauvoo and organized a university.

in to the Church very customaryMY dear brethren and sisters, it is the field that they had mentioned. I am not certain, for I have not looked

the last for the least and pray in President Smith spoke of education itof up,the butCityI suspectof Nauvoothat wasthe Universityone of the the kingdom of God. I have always among the Latterday Saints. With first city taxsupported universities in

felt myself among the least, and this proper humility he spoke of our great America. The Church made educaafternoon I am certain I am very achievements in the educational field. tional history there.

nearly among the last. However that It is a pardonable pride that we have In time we came here, to Utah, to

may be, I need your prayers and invite in our educational achievements. We a barren wilderness. There was work

them, so that while I speak to you I have the right to feel glad that we have to be done here. Roads, irrigation

may be an instrument in the hands of achieved great things educationally. ditches were to be made; crops were

God to offer something of value to us all. We have always known that we canto be raised. A living was to be won

This forenoon when the statistics of not get very far in any worthy enfrom the desert. It was a difficult time.

the Church were read I felt as I aldeavor without education. "The glory Yet one of the first acts of our terways feel on occasions of this kind, of God is intelligence,"which means ritorial legislature was to found a great

that prophecy is being fulfilled. Beknowledge, plus the proper use of university, the University of Deseret

fore the Church was organized the knowledge, has been a beacon light ( now the University of Utah ), making

Lord spoke to the Prophet Joseph and of the Church. We have talked about it the first unisaid to him that a marvelous work was education, we have tried to secure it versity founded

about to come forth among the chilever since the beginning of the Church west of the dren of men. The six young men who sat to these days. We do have a remarkMissouri River.

around the table on April 6, 1830, and able educational history. You see, I The Church

under divine instruction organized the spent a good part of my life in the has a noble edChurch, believed it to be true that profession of teaching, and whenever ucational histhey were setting out, and putting into the subject is mentioned, I respond tory. We all

operation, a marvelous work of the much as the old, retired, fireengine know that.

latter days. No prophecy has been horse responds when the fire bell rings.

more completely fulfilled than that. The Church had scarcely been or- "VSJukt I want

From six men in an obscure home near ganized when our people began to ** to say is a remote village in New York state talk about education. They wanted to something about

has grown this great institution. The provide schools and books for schools. education itself.

statistical condition of the Church as In the difficult times of the earliest It will not take outlined to us today is almost beyond days, the Prophet wrote a letter to the me long. Eduthe dreams of men. Church and said that not only were cation may or

I bear my testimony to the reality of the people to secure schools and may not be a this great work, that it is of God, that schoolbooks,but also if such means were good thing. It

God instituted it, that he spoke to Jonot available, then the fathers and the depends on seph Smith, and has spoken to his mothers should act as instructors to what we learn.

Church ever since, and that we are the youth in their homes. The Church Education i s

engaged in the great work of redeembegan its work on the foundation of really the accuing the human race. moral, mental, and spiritual education. mulated knowlIt is good to be with you, good to Later on, when the Church was still edge of manmeet together, knowing our destiny, young, hardhanded toilers on the farm kind, passed on

the work we have to do, and the great and in the shop, who had been made from generation reward that the Lord will offer us, in converts to the Church, entered the to generation.

course of time, if, as was said this school of the prophets which had been Each teacher forenoon, we keep close to the comfounded for the mature. It is thrilling passes on to his

mandments of the Lord. to look back over our history to the pupils that

Those of us who expect to be called time of the Kirtland Temple. The men which the world

upon at these great conferences always left their farms, fields, and shops in knows. In that

have to cast about for some suitable the evenings and climbed to the top way we a 1 theme to speak upon, some subject of story, the attic story of the Kirtland benefit from special importance to the people of the Temple, there, in provided classrooms, that knowledge,

Church at the time. I did so myself to study various subjects, languages, ( Continued

and finally hit upon a subject that I mathematics, history, geography, and on page 344) 274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Brethren, sisters, and radio listeners: It is unlikely that any of

you listening to addresses made in Some jrundameniaid or this conference expect to hear any new doctrine announced at this time;

yet we do teach that God "will yet reveal many great and important thingspertaining to the Kingdom of God"GOSPEl TEACHINGS (Ninth Article of Faith) when it suits his purpose. We already have doctrines, principles, and policies enough i5u /Joseph /. ff/errill OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

to challenge the best and ablest among us to learn and live in harmony with them. But we need to be reminded of truth in Mormonism, the validity of Address delivered at the Sunday

them frequently and encouraged to be which is not affected even though dismorning session of the 119th more diligent in implementing them in believed by the vast majority of civilannual general conference, our lives. The Lord well knew this ized men. Can any unbiased, intelApril 3, 1949, in the

need when he required us to attend ligent mind, untouched in the matter Tabernacle sacrament meetings frequently and reby the teachings of others, reading the new our covenants. I pray that the Bible from cover to cover, get any

Lord will help me in an effort to stir other idea of God than that he is a The humble, unspoiled boy Joseph, us up to remembrance. personal Being in the image of which could qualify. What renowned schok

As is generally known, the Church we ourselves were created? Yet I ar could? The Lord said to Joseph:

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is quote the following from a book that

I I raised that up, might you... all showset off aims from to teach a worldwide accepted other churches—Chrisforth the through things wisdom weak mytian nonChristian view: and many alike—by earth."the of (D. C. 124:1.) &characteristic doctrines and teachings.

We hold firmly to the doctrine that God is spirit, or the creative energy Yes, as I have formerly said in this is the all which of is cause visible things. Trinitythe three of up made Holy pulpit, in his to prayer, answer humble

is spirit as life the invisible God inteland distinctseparate personal and Beings received, Smith far as the Joseph so ligence all. underlying.. physical things.Father, Son, and Holy indicate, records the glorious most Ghost—in is not a life, or being God person having ourselves created, are imagewhose we vision in given mortality. to ever man intelligence, love, is power. inthat God in 1:27.as declared Genesis NotwithFor, looking in pillar the light visible, of up intangible, life. call something we vast the of civilizedstanding majority... Childlike, him, enveloping untrained both is he heard minds and saw say God

people, including nearly all Christians, a personal being. The statement that God the Father and the Son, two highly

reject the teaching that God is a peris principle chills them, and in terror they glorious Personages, in the very image out, cry Being, is the truth ofsonal the "They taken have matter away Lord my in is created. which are This a we

I and not they know where laid have him!"least innot affected the rejecthis by fact; is this truth, the the to world Broader and learned more minds are alwaystion. the contrary notwithstanding. In great cramped the by of thought peras a God fifteenth In the century the world humility and thankfulness extreme son, for we personality limits to place and believed earth the of accept things these is testify time. and most the God give to name that unwe

flat, was Columchangeable, sincerely their reality. inexorable of principle at the

bus, that it was source of all existence. (Lessons in Truth, But how may we know? the doubter

round. Who was H. Emilie Cady.) may ask. When in answer to the

right? The claim Master's question, Peter replied, "...

that Joseph art the Christ, the Thou of the Son this idea of Detween that God and Smith, a fourliving God,"did say? Jesus what taught is Smith, there by Joseph teen - year - old

boy, actually saw the wide difference that exists between.., Blessed art thou Simon Barjona:

and heard two fancy and fact, between the false and for flesh and blood hath not revealed it true. thee, the unto but Father is in because which the my And modern personal

heaven. 16:1617.) (Matt. world engulfed this in was stupefying the FaBeings-—glorious

it fancy falsehood, and absolutely was ther and the in the wrote Moroni last chapAnd necessary that should give God Son, apwho a new ter of the Book of Mormon: revelation of himself that his children in peared answer

to his humble here in mortality might have a true and And when ye shall receive these things,

the Eternal God, he not Fathes, why did of in the give this revelation name

Christ, if these things if true; are not and prayerdom—is fora basicwisthroughsolid basis for their faith in him. But I would exhort you that ye would ask some worldrenowned scholar

instead of an obscure, worldlyignorant ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, faith having in Christ, will he fourteenyear-old one whom boy—to it manifest truth the of unto the you, by the world accept would rather than of the power Ghost. Holy

reject? there such a scholar Was who the of the And by power Ghost Holy The In Old Rue Calvin qualify could as to the statement the of ye the truth all things. of know may Switzerland Geneva,

Apostle James which says: (Moroni 10:4-5; see also I Cor. 2:1113.)

If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask It is by the power of the Holy Ghost of God, that giveth to all men liberally, that great multitudes of Church memSwitzerland, a counand upbraideth not; and it shall be given bers testify that they really know that

valiant try reformof lives. that one of him? God And I am numers, long offered a has

ber. this Did not Jesus have method field fruitful misfor

labors. pressionary As However, there was a condition atof knowing said: in mind he when

of ident European the tached:

Mission, Elder Joseph. is not mine, but his.. My doctrine F. Merrill the directed

activities in this triBut let him ask in faith, nothing waverthat sent me.

lingual country. ing. For he that wavereth is like a wave If any man will do his will, he shall

-Photograph, of the sea driven with the wind and tossed. know of the doctrine, whether it be of God,

courtesy Boissonas For let not that man think he shall reor whether I speak of myself. (lohn 7:

ceive any thing of the Lord. (James 1:5- 1617.)

7.) (Continued on page 342)

MAY 1949 275 Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 119th The Power Of annual general conference,

April 3, 1949, in the Tabernacle

about those away from their homes in military service might in part be said TRUTH about all who are away from their 5i4 Jstarotd O. cJLee& OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE homes and away from the influence of

the Church.

As we scan the priesthood reports would like to introduce the few rested upon me in the assignment of from quarter to quarter, there is eviremarks that I shall make by rethe First Presidency as a member of dence that there are many of our military not in priesthood members servicemen's committee the general of scriptures, one a fewI calling from service but home likewise away Church directing the prerepeated work of the has beenwhich by two vious speakers today. among our Latterday Saint boys in and away from the ties and influences

The Lord declared: military service and as a member of of the Church. There are also reports

the general priesthood committee. It of many girls who are away from

in in that truth All sphere at their and, at school and homes work relief that of prayer with a we was it, itself, to act for placedwhich God ishasindependent that the therefore, of influences shorn that the come had Lord thanked we all also; thereas intelligence otherwise tie the to close otherwise them would casualties, as the with few is through war existence. 93:30.) (D.no & C. influence of the Church. it did, as but spiritually speaking, we

Elder other, the quoted by that And anxiety considerable with we was teachings great of the as one intoRomney the ranks marshaled again saw of TX/hen* by whichthe Lordhis revealedChurch wasthe tonamebe Father of the was Mormon,from Book boys, untrained military, the our young, instructions called, other he gave some ofLehi's explanation this same great experience and without of them many that to do. Church was as to what to his sonprinciple Jacob: faith developed, in a too not with much

said: He draft. came peacetime socalled We his eternal purposes about bring to And the together that gathering the upon learn, dismay, And to our see to and soon our after created he had ofin man, the end

stakes, Zion, her of be land and upon may in a situahazards such the that moral field the of beastsfirst the and parents, and for the defense, for a refuge a from and the during greater than all fine, tion air, things even in were the and of fowlsthe it shall be storm, from wrath and when it that there needs created, be war. must are the fighting of Then partwhich the mixture without poured out upon forbidthe opposition; eventhere an discipline was of moral a something was earth. (D. 115:6.) C. whole 6 life; of tree the to opposition fruit iaden of them ahead that when had boys

bitter. other the sweet andthe being one I of thought refuge that have imminent of prospect the As there was unto the gave Lord God Wherefore, his organizathe designed which Lord death. himself. for act Whereshould that heman I tion be, of those to thought have it himself save for act not fore, could man situadraft that is the true today Tt it, of within agencies Elder which one the one enticed that by he wasshould be but has somewhat, * tion we eased in his eloquently so spoke about Benson (II 2:1516.) Nephi other. or the

view with fear and anxiety the forces Church of the Air address this mornThere were those who seemingly, as that are at work which would have a ing, the home. He quoted the scripevidenced by their conduct, think of universal military draft of all ableture which we have had repeated time

this principle of free agency as a matbodied young men in this country, and time again as a quotation from ter of license to do what they please which will come except God in his the revelation of the Lord. After the

to do. But again Father Lehi explains mercy shall deliver us therefrom. It (Continued on page 338)

is that posanxiety his of that son: tothis and because matter

relief Square Welfare go to the packages From still sibility that fact the have and proving the we of world, missions that Latterday the to free according are Wherefore, men doers Saints of well are in as the believers as word in that service our of men young many it. B. Elder shall has them all Harold Lee things been be given welfare the flesh; on and these of think matto caused its inception. since have me committee they man. unto expedient are And which

}.—Photograph by Byars Lloyd to called our has the ters which Lord life, eternal liberty and to choose free are

through the great mediation of all men, attention.

or to choose captivity and death, accordWith respect to the matter of war ing to the captivity and power of the and the processes of war, a chaplain devil; for he seeketh that all men might who served in two wars and longer,

be miserable like unto himself. (Idem 27.) writes this:

We must teach men everywhere that War (and by inference the training for liberty and freedom are to be obtained it) makes for few conversions. War only

only by yielding obedience to truth. makes people more strongly what they

If they began. the Saints were Latterday when the struggle teach mustWe

uniintemperate went into were when they Savior: of the of the words meaning

form, they will usually have become much

And ye shall know the truth, and the harder drinkers by the time they come back truth shall make you free. (John 8:32.) home. If they were careless in sex morality, they are almost sure to have become

Anyone who looks about him and more slimy in that respect. If they were

thinks about this matter will see great noisy braggarts, you may expect them to evidences of the power of evil enticing return intolerable boasters. If they were

increased. will selfishness their selfish, have It understood evil. be to must do men men, decent, modest honest, were If they

if. to are that Church as a we by us those will usually improved have the war

the nullify will that powforce build a will If they despised qualities. God, they

er of evil, we must develop the Godhave come out more sure in scorn; if they

given agencies placed in his Church to loved God a little, they will have learned entice men to seek the paths that lead to love him a lot. But there will be no more

to eternal life. conversions than in peacetime, rather less.

I have recalled these scriptures I All history shows it true that no religious revival ever began or was fostered by the during times quoted have many battle. the feeling of years because last few

and weight of responsibility that has What is said here by this chaplain 276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "...who is my

NEIGHBOR?"

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Dm Spencer \J\J. J\imbail

was neighbour unto him that fell among Address delivered at the Monday the thieves? And he said, He that shewed afternoon session of the 119th

mercy on him. Then said Jesus unto him, annual general conference,

go, and do thou likewise. (Luke 10:2637. April 4, 1949, in the

Italics speaker's.) Tabernacle

people I of a speak who now "NTay*"to Jerusalem from went down covepromises the strengths, and and after days many and America, who to them? nants made stripped them fell thieves which among long husks eaten not they Have them their wounded raiment of restoratheir of not day enough? Has people half left who them and dead—aand their forgive not tion come? Can we considered by victimized by men were front in Arizona. Boy Creek, Cherry near Apaches in turn be might that trespasses we Tenijieth. is Kimball Spencer their gold of stripped gods, to be them forgiven?

is feature no Indians to the service of new Missionary dispossessed things, precious and inreproachfully people felt Intolerant is increasing need in there an the but Church, soil; their cities, their homes, their heritage the these people restoringfor in activity to they saying: But red these dict men has Kimball Elderof their Spencer ancestors. W. enslaved, liberty, and their of robbed mostly are illiterate! Yes. this They missionary of are in promotion active thebeen most cattle people a who as branded—service Indians. to the fulfil conquerors the illiterate, but when path the bloody their fought down way give to obligations and treaty solemn filth, degradation, into civil of war eduthe conquered of an children the peoidolatry, idleness, cannibalism—a the received to that I if by equal cation did ungrateful most be would their of homestripped ple were who illiteracy conquerors, the of children of prayers the acknowledge not lands, grazing their forests, their land, eliminated. will in be beof the Saints the Church myI fish, the their by pushed their game, and limitenjoy people Prejudiced who Fatherhalf Heavenly thank and my territory everdecreasing into invaders is the Indian It say: luxuries But less health. restoration offor the my in reservaimprisoned until they were ecofailure. Yes. His a economically to undisappointment great be awas exploited. tions and

is deplorable, but status when the all at nomic sessions the attendable to the children of God, the of I speak parallel opportunity education his andlast conference, and I am grateful to be of seed the prophets, the of children and independent be our own, he will today.here

chilIsrael, the of the remnant Joseph, selfsupporting. I remarks preface today by my May the of branch a covenant, the of dren in the of hosthe wealth,referring account to Luke surrounded by people A in a lost of tree Israel—wanderers, the certain to a the toldstory Savior say: But nurses doctors, pitals, by

Indians, American strange land—the in lives to is lawyer wanted know notyoung red who man andsanitary—he bloods mixed and other the Mexicans, life."inherit eternal solitary "to to filth disease! Yes.what do and The

call Lamanites. generally we whom his for in exchange places in given him is written him, unto said What He

the law? how readest thou? And he an- I hope that the eloquent appeal of rich and fertile America, are barren,

swering said, Thou shalt love the Lord Brother Romney in this conference will dry, and not conducive to good living.

thy God with all thy heart, and with all be heeded and that a new fire of enBut give him accredited schooling in strength, all soul, and thy with thy and has for of the Book thusiasm Mormon educational incomparable our own all as neighbour mind; thy and with thy hearts. of in each your kindled been medical that system, so he buy may thyself. I will develop an that you hope And utilities, in live service, enjoy modern anhim, hast said unto he Thou And affection and and increased sympathy diswill not be he and homes, good live. this shalt do, thou right: and swered people these for brotherhood whom unclean. nor eased himself, said justify willing he, to But

concern. Elder prophecies Thomas the is neighbour? Jesus, unto who And my the inherited good have People who Lamanites of the spoke E. certain said, answering McKay man Jesus And A the of land say things of invaded an

in visited to recently Jericho, and Mexifrom Jerusalem he went had down whom inferior! Yes. are They They of fell stripped thieves, him which of victims: millions among of are scores co. There inferiority suffer complex from an do dehim, his and raiment, and wounded milof scores other Indians and pure

is annihilating. Prisonwell-nigh that half dead. leaving parted, him in these bloods of Amerlions mixed slaves, of war, and ers downtrodden cer- a there chance came down by And in pracicas. are doing good work We he usually priest that tain such complex. a develop and saw people when way:

in the tically Americas mission every side. other the him, passed by on he education comparable give them But covenant, the children of and the with at Levite, a he likewise was when And their nonIndian opportunity with and

is introduced being program a him, and new looked the place, and on now came love brotherly brother, acceptance and certain side. other Zion. a the in stakes But the of passed on by rejuvewill they a emerge him, and by where journeyed, came he as Samaritan, still prejudice find race and But we the white people, of the nated equal he him, had saw he when and was: he nonpart the of intolerance many on man. him, compassion on

And went to him, and bound up his Indians concerning the Lamanites.

wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set Often they are excluded from cafes, TIay I say that if we as a nation and him on his own beast, and brought him to hotels, schools, and are made to feel as a people can ever justify our gatherings. him. inn, of care in took church and an unwelcome our these Americas, invasions of and

he departed, the when morrow on And weaknesses of their read have the his of land conquest promised You and to pence, gave them and out took he two se'en crimes. sins it have and and Indian, certainly You of subjugation the of him, care host, said unto the Take and

curse. their languishing under them They other the passing on will not be by by more, spendest thou him; whatsoever and

when I come again, I will repay thee. have suffered much and endlessly. But side, as did the superior priest, or the

Which now of these three, thinkest thou, have you recalled their virtues, their {Continued on page 333}

MAY 1949 277

m erican s, from the very inception lovers of have our nation, been of It has our home. primary beenA"OUR HOMES institution the center andeducational

of economic, social, and cultural interest. Our homes have been the bulwark of the nation and the most fundamental institution of society. What DIVINELY ORDAINED

fond memories and emotions have surged up in our hearts at the mere mention of home, family, parents, i5u Lzm Jaftt i5eendon of the council of the twelve children, brothers, and sisters! Some

of the sweetest, most soulsatisfying impressions and experiences of life are Honour thy father and mother; (which is Address presented as the "Church of

associated with home and family ties. the first commandment with promise), the Air"sermon ouer Radio Station

thee, well all is not with with this well most But be That it may Broadthe Columbia and and thou KSL earth. live (Ephesians the long on institution, mayest thebasic home. American April casting System, Sunday,

In fact, it is in grave danger, if not in 6:1-3.) 3, 1949, at 8:00 a.m., Mounis peril. eviconvincingdeadly There tain Time Standard redivinely the appointed egarding "D disrot that of creeping moral adence **"soberparents, the of sponsibility

is the intointegration eating very is that given counsel ing civilvitals this of temple of American and changes, these Accompanying.. their children shall also teach they Itization. serious for congives cause them, resulting from measure some the in uprightly before to. pray, to walk andcern. in pleasure increase a marked been has

.... parents as inasmuch Lord. And and for are family rush money the the and Marriage, home, seeking; mad... docthe to understand not teach. them

sacred institutions. They are not mantrine of repentance, faith in Christ the Son other material things; the unwarranted

made, but have been established by a of the living God,... and the gift of the indulgence of personal gratifications;

kind Providence for the blessing of his Holy Ghost... the sin be upon the heads the insidious inroads of tobacco, liquor,

children. In the record of that first of the parents. (D. 6 C. 68:28, 25.) gambling, and many other tendencies

marriage recorded in Genesis, the Lord These and other similar scriptures in our complex modern civilization. All

makes four significant pronouncemake crystal clear the divine origin these have exerted a pulling power ments: first, that it is not good for of marriage, the home, and family, the away from the home and have weakman to be alone; second, that woman heavenimposed responsibilities resting ened its structure.

for tendency for a to to be a help man; be created meet seemswas There impenalties the parents and upon soft to become people third, that should twain they married be many these halgoverning oneone pose iaWs when ease and filled fourth, with that flesh; should to and seek a life man and disregarded are institutions lowed

leave father and mother and cleave History reveals that the early piothe pleasures of the moment. They inunto his wife. neers of America recognized and honvite the pleasure of conjugality but

Later, as though to reenforce the ored these obligations. They were often refuse to shoulder the responearlier statement, the Lord said: blessed in their homes and families for sibility of parenthood. Reliable reports

perforty approximately that indicate merit record today doinq. our Does joined toso therefore hath God... What have no the married of women cent fail accept If to blessings? like we gether, asunder let not (Matthew man put child. one or only children whatever the keep to obligations and these 19:6); upcontinues record divorce The spiritualmorally and home American

also ly sound, the very future of the nation ward at an alarming rate. Fifty years

will be in jeopardy. The choice is ago there was a ratio of one divorce

Thou shalt love thy wife with all thy ours as parents and citizens. to every sixteen marriages; by 1946,

heart, and shalt cleave unto her and none The facts are not reassuring as we one to every three. In some American

else. (D. 6 C. 42:22.) soberly appraise them. Farreaching cities divorces nearly equal marriages,

those of twothirds Reports show that industrializaresulting from changes, in likewise are counseled Children divorces no children, have seeking populations, of concentration tion, their holy writ in Paul duty to parents. in no where homes Frequently recreation, and of commercialization

the wrote: Apostle is there occurred, has divorce formal in the performed once other activities

lack infidelity and to due all tend to lead away from home unhappiness Children, obey your parents in the home, is It filial affection. and of harmony associations. is right. for this Lord: and bad, broken, such largely from

youthful that our neglected homes received proof of the of war holocaust in the caught missions throughout to the Converts the Church the administered Benson Ezra Taft Elder welfare. Church the assistance from in the of brotherhood man According come. delinquents to J.

countries. as in well assisting as in Holland those aid in Europe, F.B.I. of the director Hoover, Pearson Cyril Edgar courtesy Drew other—Photograph,

"Thewere—andactionsare—directlyof the majorityrelatedof tothemthe

conduct of their parents."Yes, crime

begins at home.

In view of these and other wellknown but distressing facts, what should be done? Can we safeguard the

home and stabilize family life? Can

the deterioration in home life be checked and corrected? If not, what is

our future?

No nation can rise above its homes.

The church, the school, and even the nation, stand helpless before a weakened and degraded home, in building character.foundation—theThe goodcornerstonehome is ofthe civilrock

ization. If this, our nation, is to en-

{Continued on page 279) I this pulpit at years ago, stood foot, to Fivetrembling from head when MY call the Council to I accepted a of the Twelve. I have lived now these

five years, in close association with the men you sustained today as the leaders of this Church. I have come TESTIMONY

to know them well. I knew most of

them well before I came to this posiAddress delivered at the Wednesday session of the 119th tion, but not nearly so well as I now morning. Petersen annual general conference, them. & MU know

I have discovered that these men are April 6, 1949, in the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE in true Tabernacle great the sense of in that the Presigreatness.men—greatI know

dency of the Church are men who are great in the same sense in which

Lincoln was great. I know they are

prophets of God in the same sense in which Moses and Jeremiah and Elijah,

Peter and Paul were prophets of God.

I have discovered that these men do not have any selfish motives, that they are giving of their time and their talents, of their physical and mental and spiritual strength, giving all they have for the upbuilding of the kingdom of God. I have discovered that

they are honest and true; that they are

faithful and devoted; that they love

the Lord their God with all their hearts, and with all their souls. I know

that they are men of God in the real sense of the word.

And so I was thrilled as you voted here today on these men, thrilled to see this vast ocean of hands come up in a sustaining vote for these men—Photograph Dr. E. by V. Spockman accept prophets, as your whom you

later Church. president to of the become

seers, revelators. and As principles Elder the glorious that truth eternal I saw The FromAlbertaCanadaTemplecameat CardstonJohn Taylor,proclaimsa mostto capablethose whomissionary,seek

those hands, and raised mine with Mark E. Petersen proclaimed as a missionary in Canada.

yours, I couldn't help thinking of some of the insulting letters that come to prophets of God. They are prophets, who live today to raise our hands

these brethren from men and women They are prophets just as Jeremiah and against these modern prophets as it who think that these men would lead Moses were prophets. They are Aposwas for ancient Israel to raise their

you astray—letters from men and ties in the same sense in which Peter, hands against Jeremiah whom they

women who do have selfish motives James, and John were Apostles, beput in a dungeon and whom they letters from people who would trip cause those three gave the powers of would have been glad to see die.

up the prophets of God if they only the apostleship to modern men, and could. those powers have been handed down HThis is a great Church. It is indeed

I want to bear you my testimony, to the men who stand and sit before the kingdom of God. We have

and I do it with God as my witness, yu today. a great man at the head of the Church.

that these men who lead your Church I think it is a very serious thing He is the revelator, the seer, and the are honest, true, great men of God; when anybody raises his hand against prophet of God in this day. It is a

that they do receive the revelation and the prophets of God. Have you read reality that we walk in the presence of

the inspiration of the Almighty; that carefully the story of Jeremiah in the a living prophet of God. Let us be

they are guided by the Holy Ghost; Old Testament and seen there how willing to accept him as such. And

that this is God's Church; and that if men and women raised their hands these others who uphold his hands

you desire to have guidance from heavand their voices and their heels against and sustain him, likewise are the en, then you follow the guidance of the prophet? I want you to know prophets of the Lord.

these men whom you sustain as the that it is just as serious for us I am grateful for the experience of the past five years. I have learned

a better appreciation of this the great restored Church, of its principles, it. I humbly OUR HOMES—DIVINELY ORDAINED of the men who lead submit to you my solemn testimony

is true, rethat that the Mormonism {Continued 278) page from familiarities unseemly are carried over stored of the Church, Jesus Church life into married to tend and weaken isdure, Christ Saints, the safeguarded, Latterday of be must God's home the structure of the home. Unchastity

its it righttostrengthened, restored that Church, and through and own we is all the evils, of damning while ful find salvation. importance.

is test one f,the start so, live with must youth the courage to have do we To we May 9ref mostP of successful bulwarks homemaking.

girls. gospel. the boys and must the courThey know haveour we May cannot homes bc isthat the of foundation the a happy to age keep home commandments. May

'SfJ anfullaid days. premarital during Their the loyalty to stand have and by we

relationships, should but be,. follow on leaders, a happy the has T God whom of, a large, family, *s * membr }'is plane. inhigh in There danger the grave pIaced arth these daySi kst W[KY children grateful father a and *loose relations in of it and promiscuous prayer, and I ask js my numDlein

young people. The harmful effects of {Continued on page 332) the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

MAY 1949 279 Address delivered at the Monday was reared as clean as it was kept. It

morning session of the 119th is now our duty to keep the youth of temptations as posgeneral from Zion conference, as many We Should annual sible opthe same give them and to in the April 4, 1949,

Tabernacle portunity that many of us have had to develop faith and to grow in righteousness and to overcome the weakIMPROVE nesses of the flesh in an atmosphere peculiarly adapted to such purposes. I

feel to commend all of the Latterday

Saints today for the efforts that they OUR COMMUNITIES have extended to make of their communities, in a civic sense, a proper place to live. But I am certain that

Jvenm Jj. fl/louiee OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE you will all agree with me that we still & t have a great work to perform in this

connection, and we cannot delay nor overlook the slightest opportunity.

brethren and sisters, I wish it adopt the philosophies of the world. We sometimes permit ourselves,

is flattery greatest impleexpress to Fa-, of the Heavenly one me should with cerned to my always We is tools thatMyther were possible this morning for We are easily led. I am sure that around election time, to become congratitude there has or the the adversary ments time to prepare be active. in my heart Nowpolitics.is the

for the restoration of the gospel of at his command. You and I, today, for the next election. It is upon politics

Jesus Christ in these latterdays. I am must fortify ourselves against unrightwe must rely in large measure for the

sure that if we serve all the days of eous flattery, in fact, I feel to say, any kind of government that we have. In

our life and render to this work the kind of flattery at all, to keep our feet turn we must rely upon that governutmost of our ability in furthering its on the ground and our thinking clear ment for the protection of our rights, progress, that we will not have shown and to see to it that we devote our for the enforcement of our laws, and fully the appreciation which I know spare time to studying the principles for the protection of our principles.

we all hold. It is glorious for me to of the gospel, that no philosophies of Now these things go to the very root

contemplate the possibilities that the men will have any room in our thinkgospel gives to us in life, the blessings ing, nor shall we have time to devote '-Photograph, courtesy Louis ]. Haws

that it has bestowed upon us thus far to the reading of such, in our lives. I marvel as I go through

lives calIed are in our kindthe Church and receive of your uPon dailY this XWEVV in in great country which hospitalityness your we> and your and faith and prayers in my ministry, at live, to exercise our rights of citizenthe growth and the development which ship. I wonder sometimes if all of us

I, in turn, see in you, who are faithful are conscious of the power that we to the offices and callings which you possess in this respect. We have had

fill and who are rendering the service a great deal said at this conference, to that you do render to the children of which I can very happily say amen, our Heavenly Father. I am certain that concerning the family. I wish we could

I can never do enough in my life to all take to heart every word that Elder compensate my Heavenly Father for Ezra Taft Benson said in his address the testimony that he has given me of on the "Church of the Air."I rejoice

the divinity of the work in which we in his courage to tell the people of the are engaged. More priceless than all world that which is destroying the

else is the knowledge that I have that home. To point out to them the way in

Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the which the home can be built up and

Living God, and that he called upon strengthened. What I want to emphaAll peoples are equal before the Lord, and to

the boy Joseph Smith to be his prophet size today, if I may, is the fact that Germany missionaries have carried the gospel mesMoyle asin these latterdays and to restore to the home in which we live and in which sage,helpedafoot,developfay train,the welfareand onplanbicycles.which Eldercarried

this earth his gospel for the salvation, we rear our children is located in a sistance to the German Saints.

and, through our obedience, the exaltacommunity or vicinity, or city. We

tion of mankind. cannot keep out of our home the inof life itself and of our growth and

We may sometimes feel that this fluences which we find in these centers development in the gospel. We cannot

work is purely spirin which we live. afford to neglect to do our duty as

itual but there is no We need to call upcitizens of this great United States and phase of life that we on our Heavenly as citizens of the state in which we live.

can afford to overWe cannot keep out of Father to give us Those of you, my brethren and sisourlook in fulfilling obligations to our our home the influences, thethe foresight,inspirationfirstandof ters,side whothe Unitedcome fromStates,the countriesso far as outthe

Heavenly Father which vje find in these cenall, to know what laws of those countries permit, should and to the priestters in which we live. to do and then the exercise the same influence there as

hood which we courage to accomwe undertake to exercise here under hold. We must be plish it. our laws. We have the power, we have

conscious of the fact I want to say a the leadership and the strength in this that the adversary is at work, utilizing commendatory word to those who sat Church to make our views known.

every agency of which he can conin our last state legislature. May the Even though we may be a minority, in

ceive. I am sure we are all agreed that Lord bless them for their efforts to some places, we have the power to

his imagination is almost limitless, to make of our state and of our cornconvert every person who thinks bring about the downfall of the work munities a better place in which to live right and who desires the right, to our of truth and righteousness here upon and a better place in which to rear our cause. I have the abiding conviction

this earth. Where he finds us to be families. I owe a debt of gratitude within me that there are none of us

vulnerable either in our thinking or in beyond measure to my parents, to my living in any communities anywhere our lives, there is where he is going to brethren and sisters who lived in this but what the great majority of the peoget in his work most effectively. He is state when I was a boy for the fact ple—our friends, our neighbors, our

causing us in our thinking to be led to that they kept the town in which I {Continued on page 330) 280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jke Jime of Uloviy <=?Life

THEter otherarriveddayata ourveryhome.interestingIt cameletBy Mary Brentnall

from a young missionary in Europe. The first paragraph was full of important. These young people are you wait until the last possible moexpressions of joy in his work, love wasting the most valuable time of their ment? Did you write this week's theme

for the people, determination to do lives."on Monday afternoon or did you wait

more than was expected of him. All Youth is surrounded with the tempuntil 2:00 a.m. Friday morning, or

this usual. delightful though was it cars, excesBut tation even under until 3:30 to waste money on p.m.—slipping abruptly, it stoppedthen and a new records, food; the professor's sive clothes, shows, instead of door on

paragraph began like a change of probut even more serious, because it is desk? Procrastination is not onlyhisa

gram after an intermission. so deceptive, to waste time in mindelaying, wasteful habit in itself,

at "I get myself,"so mad years. against it also but Wastbang up puts you days—even didn't I go on"Why difficult pretty all up the of catches you emergencies with myit violinsaid. utes,ing moneyhours,

didn'tlessons? life. mother make my Why sprint can't too long last minute go on an to cover A

I didn't the scripstudyme? Why trouble, into but withoutquickly—yougetting completethe goal assignment can miss

tures seriously? didn't more Why ly. distime I wasting keeps from you fooled. a You Aunt Agnes, A visit

thatgrasp opportunity every would notes abling promissory on cold, making to a an invitation show, can go on help prepare me for this work which the future and never realize that it's or even a request from mother to set seems to me to be the most important "later than you think"until it's a lot the table for dinner can throw you thing in my life? The only thing I'm later than you think. In youth, time into a "tizzy"because you have alreally prepared for is basketball. Mayhas a large, cushiony, redundant feel, lowed absolutely no slack or permittedbe that's pretty important, too—anybut in later years it seems to slim down no elasticity in your schedule to take

way we do a lot of it. But glory, how to the most meager proportions. care of these possibilities.

I wasted my time before I came over "Everyone has twentyfour hours I have a friend who says that his here."right, unsounds father taught a a day"him never to make so factual—so I smiled a little thinking of Larry as til find that, haven't decision until onehalf before second you because you I knew him in high school—racing used your twentyfour hours in youth the last possible moment when that

around after classes, sometimes beto the best advantage, you haven't decision could be made. The idea was

tween classes, even during classes in enough impetus tot escape from the that only then could all pertinent evianframe—forerunnerold "jalopy."strippedof today'sto its skeletal"hot twentyfourlife. You arehourforevertreadmilltrying ofto catchadult dencecision bereached.assembledWell,andthat'sa correctall rightderod."The old racer worried his faup with the things you wish you'd if you are absolutely sure when that

ther because it took more money for done years before. That, my dear last possible moment is and equally

gas and other upkeep than the boy or friends, is what is known as "frustrasure that you will be alive and in your his parents could afford. It worried his tion."right mind at that time, but I can't see

mother because he drove too fast; and why a few minutes or a few days

it worried both of his parents because earlier your mind and heart and spirit he stayed out too late in it. Now it couldn't unite on the problem and get

seemed to be worrying Larry because it had wasted too much of his time.

And, like so many other things, wasting time is fun at the moment but plenty painful in retrospect.

Larry's letter made me squirm a little <=Lets Jaik rt \Jiuer myself. I began to explore some of the

deadend days of my own high school youth. The long experimental hours in

it inreal the out of with more wayfront of hair one my mirror-—trying

still could your change is You inevitable. spiration. course, this, of of and Come whetherway aanother—deciding if last at minute, necessary. the mind disciplinedshould so halfwise and be were bangs or bob. If we it The

hearted study that alternated with as always to use our time to the best But even if you procrastinate on actuwistful window gazing. Right now I advantage, there would probably be al decisions, you should be able to act

am wondering how much time I could no need for the experience of life with on those assignments which require have salvaged long ago for piano pracits constant little deadlines to meet; only straightforward effort and contice, one of my dearest but most forlorn with its clocks ticking and chiming as centration. Your disposition, nervous

hopes today. continual reminders that "time marches system, health, and happiness will be

It reminded me somehow of a on"; with its little alarms, and whisvastly improved by prompt action. Get

mother I know who spoke thus of her tles, and bells that nudge us into line; that geometry lesson out of the way

high school daughter: "Sue is so with its dawns and noons and twiearly. Do your cello practising as

extravagant about clothes. I'm almost lights to spur us into renewed effort. soon as the day's schedule permits;

beside myself. She feels that she has Life seems completely controlled by iron that blouse now; and hang up

to wear something different every day. time. It is wound up like a clock. But your clothes as soon as you've finYoung people today seem to feel that if we watch it a little in our youth, ished reading this. These are habits

it is as disgraceful to wear exactly the learning its value, accepting its limitato cultivate if you want to learn how same clothes two days in succession as tions and restrictions, our timing will to handle time.

True—they'reit would be to failresourcefulto clean andtheiringeniteeth. bein morelater years.efficient Ifandwelessserveburdensomeit faithCecond, laziness! This is, of course,

ous about it, and Sue makes most of fully in youth, it will serve us better a double cousin to procrastination.

her own clothes, but the whole point in adulthood. Yet it isn't quite the same because

of view is so extravagant that it apWherein do we fail? What makes laziness connotes doing nothing, while

pals me. It's not only the money inus profligate with time? procrastination suggests putting off

volved but the colossal waste of time First, procrastination! Do you get performanee through fear, timidity,

on trivialities. Clothes aren't all that to work as soon as you should or do (Concluded on page 351

MAY 1949 281

3LS. Of HAPPINESS

wish to acknowledge all that has (Deut. 6:5.) If our hearts are filled BY

been said so far in this conference with love for God, then they are also

I and ask that I shall also have a filled with love for our fellow men.

portion of your faith and prayers in We will be glad to lend a helping hand my behalf, as has been requested in or give a cheering word to a neighbor.

the prayers of this conference. And right here let me say, that love, PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

I am sure there is no happier gatherlike charity, begins at home. If you are

ing than we have here today, for I fortunate enough to have a home and Address delivered at the Sunday don't think there are any happier peo- a family, your chances for happiness afternoon session of the 119th itple faithare active, than those unlimited. takes are But who annual general conference,

of of the Church. a ful members Inasmuch ty in the home happy.love—plenThe 3, 1949, April love to make

as we have gathered here together to more we give in understanding, symTabernacle receive of more encouragement and pathy, and service to others, the haphelp in performing our responsibilities pier we are. And love is kind—it is

in the work of the Lord, I am sure the ready to overlook failures and try Switzerland, a land of great contrasts and surpasswill that If prayer forLord favorite field long answer for has us. again. ing beauty, a could been the we

It in missionaries. the SwissGerman Mission was testimony of the happy hearts I am our only keep in my that Smith, Patriarch Eldred G. served. to the Church,

gospel, in the knowledge of the gospel filled with love, this with which the Lord has blessed me. earth would be a L. D. S. Chapel, Basel, Switzerland

As has been said, happiness has heaven of happiness.

been the goal of man since the beginDo you remember the ning of time, for man is that he might song in our hymn have joy. When Moses reached the book—"Love at

age of 120 and it was time for him to Home"? It is such a

depart this life, he commanded that all beautiful song. Next

the children of Israel be gathered totime you are tempted gether that he might speak to them. to let something other

He said, "Come, therefore, let me sugthan love creep into gest to you by what means you may your heart, sing it be happy."and see if it doesn't

Moses had been an instrument in the help. There is a sure

hands of the Lord, to bring many method of keeping in blessings to the children of Israel. the favor of the

Through Moses they had been released Lord. When we are

from bondage and delivered from in constant communiEgypt. He had traveled with them cation, we cannot go

for forty in years the wilderness, far astray. Each—Photograph, courtesy Cyril D. Pearsonteaching will the them of the Lord. morning, throughout

He had gone through many trials and the day, and at night, hardships with them and for them. we ask God to let his

Together they had suffered hunger, Spirit be with us to guide us in all that to the commandments, shall receive health thirst, and had fled before their enewe do. It is like the beam that guides in their navel and marrow to their bones;

find shall treasgreat and wisdom And life, his the atmy. of end pilot the when Now of airplane. as long an he As

treasures; of ures hidden knowledge, even are serious, called mostmen he is them the that on everyhe beam, knows

shall weary, not be run and and Andtogether to give instructions. them is all thing right, but stray he must faint. shall and not walk

in his forUppermost the hosts mind far loses the or too he beam. have I, Wenot Lord, the give unto them prom- a And

Israelof their happiness. was tell conscience, will con- a us, He that of each ise shall the angel destroying that pass by

:tinued if us Israel, are not the the as children on them, There not of beam. and we

is no surer way to unhappiness than slay them. (D. & C. 89:1821.)

O children of Israel! There is but one to carry a guilty conscience constantly

of allsource for happiness the mankind, is nineteenth to verse most The me it. for companion. a Don't Get do of isfavor for God; he give alone able to find "shall important. and wisdom They the are other beam. on There many things togood those that deserve them, hidtreasures of great knowledge, even contribute which happito our depriveand to of those sin things that them

Is there greater treasures."any den ness, and instruchas given us ifagainst him; God towards behave whom, you

yourselves according to his will, and action concerning these things. Our happiness that can be given to man

cording to what I, who well understand capacity for enjoying life is greater if than the testimony of the divinity of his mind, do exhort you to, you will both our health is good. It is hard to be this gospel and the plan of life and

blessed, esteemed willbe and admired be knowledge comes That tired. are happy always The salvation? if we

will all men; never into andby miscome the the only Ghost. Again from Holy told to us Lord from being keep how

. fortunes, nor cease to be happy "... promises, prove Lord now me and invigorated... weary our keep minds (losephus, 4:8.) Book I if will the... herewith, not open you said: He

out heaven, of pour you and windows test standing After the of thousands.. retire to thy early, that bed ye may shall there that not be a blessing, room still it is years,of just true as today early, arise not.be weary; that bodies your it."price the of to receive For enough allfor for mankind; true happiness your minds and invigorated. be (D. may & this the happiness, of source Lord joyand the from favor C. 88:124.) come of God.

says: can obtain the favor of weHow God

blessing, every the however, Within our everyday of walks life? The tithes all storethe into the Bring ye price has put a Lord or a law upon given hasLord us commandments, in that there house, be mine meat may blessing each is predicated. For.obedience will to. insure which our which. (Mai. 3:10.) house,

happiness, if we will only heed them. keeping the Word of Wisdom he

First and foremost, ".., love the Lord promises The Book of Mormon records the

thy God with all thine heart, and with And all saints who remember to keep promises of prosperity to those all thy soul, and with all thy might."and do these sayings, walking in obedience (Conducted on page 326)

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1832, in what is designated a revelation on priesthood, the LordIN rather referring sharply, spoke to jke the as being conwhole under Church demnation because of their unbelief and because they had treated lightly the things they had received; and thiscondemnation, he said, BOOR OF MORMON

even.. all.. resteth upon the children of Zion, Address delivered at the Sunday BY

And they shall remain under this conafternoon session of the 119th until theydemnation repent and remember general conference, annual fanonthe covenant, even of the new MorBook j.Ct?o/\omneu in the 3, 1949, April

the former which and commandmentsmon OF THE TWELVE ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL Tabernacle to given say, but them, not only I have to do according to that which I have written. (D. & C. 84:5657.)

that event it will advise him of his And now I, Nephi, cannot write all the

Merrill's this Brother statement peotaught things among were my which his unless changes fate ways. he awful

like I writing, in that ple; mighty teach not neither goingmorning to he was am I life in early became Very my speaking; unto recalled toanything new, a mind my of the with acquainted Book somewhat

theconversation he and I had on way going while other day I hearThe Mormon. enjoyed have would My, how conference assignment a from ahome I found a records, old through I some his writread speak! ing him When I said, ago. "Brotherfew weeks Mer- I high in while In used notebook had wellnigh me. ings, overcome they

rill, dissubject for to a have you me academies. in the of school Church one the gives key he following the words

at conference?"cuss the general

I it of outline short written a In had speaking: his powerful to anhe Brother Romney,""Well, in of the chapter each Mormon. Book

swered, "I can tell you this, that I appreciate that training.... for when a man speaketh by the

neither you nor I are under any repower of the Holy Ghost the power of the it the hearts of carrieth unto Ghost Holy doctrine.sponsibility to practeach to years ago as I began any new A few

{II 33:1.) Nephi children of the men. to funda- "talk about some tise family I am going law, members of my

mental principle of the gospel."were a little uneasy. They were afraid I pray that while I speak I shall have

In thinking over the fundamentals of I would lose my faith. I wanted to the spirit of the Holy Ghost, and I

the gospel, the fundamentals of the practise law, but I had an even greater pray that you will have the same spirit, restoration, I remembered that in point desire to keep my testimony, and so I that we may all be edified.

of time the first great fundamental decided upon a little procedure which The first reason for reading the Book received was the vision of the Prophet I recommend to you. For thirty minof Mormon which I want to mention

Joseph Smith. Following that vision utes each morning before I began the is that it is approved by the highest

came the Book of Mormon, given to day's work, I read from the Book of authority in the universe, the Lord himthe world as a revelation from God. Mormon—I read also from all the self. He said to the Prophet Joseph

I remembered, too, that six months ago other standard works of the Church, Smith, "Behold, thou wast called and

President George Albert Smith, speakbut I am talking now about the Book chosen to write the Book of Mormon."ing to the General Authorities of the of Mormon—and in just a few min- (D. & C. 24:1.) Later on, when the

Church and mentioning some subjects utes a day I read the Book of Mormon Prophet Joseph Smith received the that might be discussed at conference through, every year, for nine years. I record, the Lord said that he was given

time, referred to the Book of Mormon. know that it kept me in harmony, so

... power to translate through the mercy

of God, by the power of God, the Book of

Mormon. (Ibid., 1:29.)

After the Prophet Joseph had translated that part of the record which he had been told to translate, the Lord said: "... and as your Lord and your

God liveth it is true,"(Ibid., 17:6)

and "... contains the truth and the

word of God."(Ibid., 19:26.)

Here are some more things the Lord said about it:

... a record of a fallen people, and the

fulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ to the

Gentiles and to the Jews also. (Ibid., 20:

9.) Pageant held at site of early American ruins. And the Book of Mormon and the holy

history of the people has prepared to dramatic SpanishAmerican mesheed the missionary The many scriptures are given of me for your inmissionaries.sage. Mexicans the pyramids Elder Romney have been by The and scene of many pilgrimages

struction. (Ibid., 33:16.) in Juarez, Mexico.was born

... the elders, priests and teachers of

principles shall the teach Church of my isIt far of as I did about keep I want the Book Mormon in the in harmony, with the thisgospel, the Bible and which are

Spirit talk theto of today. with just so Lord. one I do (Ibid., of 42:12.) Book Mormon.objective in mind: To get you to read Now I. want to tell you a few reait. sons why I think you and I should A nother reason I like the Book of

I have read it a little, I believe in it, read the Book of Mormoa. I hope Mormon and want you to read it

and I love it. I recommend that every that while doing so, I shall enjoy the is that it will sustain you against atperson within the sound of my voice spirit of the Book of Mormon. tacks being made by the modernists

read the Book of Mormon. I can tes- I do not know any single verse against that other great scripture, the

tify, as did Nephi, that the things writwhich impresses the spirit of the Book Bible. The Book of Mormon is not

ten therein persuadeth all men to do of Mormon on me more than the first only a new witness for God; it is also

good. It will enrich the life of every verse of the last chapter of Second a witness to the truth of the Bible. If

person who will read it, unless he is Nephi. As that great prophet ap- I had the time, I could give you many

in rebellion against the truth; and in proached the close of his record, he said (Continued on page 328)

MAY 1949 283 Jn PRAYER OLK A POWER

Address delivered at the Sunday session afternoon of the 119th Dm Jhoma5.%J<a annual general conference,

April 3, 1949, in the ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Tabernacle into the Mexican republic, and our believe that if a survey were made,

Suchderfulinspirationalchoir alwaysmusic as ourfurnisheswonmissionariesThey have playedare leadingin twoinleaguesthat sport.and verycouplesfew,whoif any,are ofapplyingthose thousandsfor divorceof

brings us near to our Father in won the championship in both. The would be found praying together, or

heaven. last one was in Mexico City. The who are having family prayer. I think

I was impressed also, as were you, final game of the series was being prayer is a remedy for divorce.

with the opening prayer. I trust it may played. The score had been tied sevOne writer, in speaking of prayer,

be answered, especially in my behalf. eral times; and now with only four minputs it this way, and I like it:

inI believe prayer, the behind. to utes of play, our team was power The

in most unused the resource world The

I desire,prayer; sincerely captain, called time character, a and sweet my is greatest prayer. today undeveloped The

sisters, said,brethren out. our heads appregot and and would He "We is faith the greatest resource unused and

ciate a silent prayer at this time by all together, Brother McKay, and we resource is prayer.

of you in my behalf. prayed."God bless him. They won

I am happy that the mission presithe game by one point. They are mak- I like that, referring to faith and prayer

dents and their wives are with us in ing many friends also with their Engas resources. I hope, in our Church,

this conference. The mission presilish classes. In Morelia, for example, that is not true, but that prayer

dents depend so much upon their wives a college town where they have been as a resource is used, and I am sure that I am sure they are all happy that working less than a year, a meeting it is. Quite a number of articles are

their wives were also invited to come was arranged, and a program given by being written in our leading magazines to this conference. The more I assoinvestigators. We have only two and even books on "Back to God,"

ciate with you mission presidents and members there. They have an advanced "The Need of Religion,"etc. I think it

you stake presidencies, the more conEnglish class and a beginners class. is a wholesome indication. I received

vinced I am that the leaders who are There were sixtytwo at that meeting something the other day from one of responsible for calling you are inspired so they are making fine of God. progress.

Sister McKay and I just recently The mission home is a returned from a tour of the Mexican credit to the Church, beauMission where President Arwell L. tifully located in a new resPierce and his lovely wife are in idential section. It is what

charge. They have done and are do- I call an ideal mission

ing a wonderful work. It was one dehome, not just a place for

lightful surprise after another to go the mission president and through their mission with them. We his wife, but a place where

were delighted to meet so many fine the missionaries are made missionaries there—142 of them—and to feel at home. Sister

twenty of those 142 we were glad to Pierce in her quiet, generfind were native Mexicans, fulltime ous way, looking after missionaries, and doing a splendid everybody, can always work. With the experience that these make room for one more.

young people are getting, I am sure When missionaries are ailthey will be future leaders, not only ing, they are brought to the of the Church but will also perhaps home and nursed back to occupy state and federal positions. health. They are made to—Photograph, courtesy Cyril Drew Pearson

We were delighted also to find sevfeel welcome. Each mornThe French Mission headquarters in Geneva, Switeral very fine meetinghouses with ing at seven o'clock a class in Spanzerland, has been the scene of missionary activity

chapels not too large, commodious ish is held for the office force and forFrancethe asgreatwell groupas in ofSwitzerland.FrenchspeakingElder Thomaspeoples inE.

recreation halls, classrooms, baptismal those who are there recuperating. At McKay served in this mission.

font, Relief Society rooms with modeight o'clock the gong sounds; they

ern kitchens adjoining. The architeccome to breakfast; they sing a song

ture is Spanish and with the redtiled around the piano and stand in a circle, my very dear friends, who calls on me roofs and the white walls these meetand each one repeats in Spanish a pasoccasionally and always brings me inghouses stand out as monuments of sage of scripture he must learn by something worth while; he is ninetygood fellowship. The new chapel at heart, then they kneel in a circle in two years old now. He said he has

Chautla dedicated last year by Presiprayer. I think that prayer circle does had ninetytwo birthdays but is not

said, "I nearly that here have old. He missionaries aredent more for these with parked who has now been McKay

that I think something, Brother McKay, disrecuperating trees, and shrubbery, probably a littlea hedge, and lawn, under the direction of Brother Abegg, couraged and homesick, maybe loveyou will like on prayer."He said, "it

who has supervision of the buildings sick, than almost anything else. is a clipping from one of our local

and grounds, and it is now referred to papers. It is from Dr. Alexis Carrel,

proudly by the citizens as the "House "VES, there is power in prayer. I who is famed the world over after

Beautiful."Splendid progress is bethought while participating in the thirtythree years of biological research

ing made especially by applying the fine spirit of those mission home work in the famous Rockefeller Inprogram of the M.I.A., supervised prayers of an evil that has been restitute.

says:recreation. The Spanish people love ferred to here already—the divorce He

to sing and to dance. Their Gold and evil. A menace to the very foundation i Prayer is not only worship, but it is also

Green balls are outstanding, as are of our government, of our civilization; the most powerful form of energy that one

also their quartets, their choruses, and it seems that the devil is using this can generate. The influence of prayer on

their athletics. Basketball has swept weapon of divorce overtime, and I (Continued on page 327)

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TOLERANCE Luffora C*. Mouna &

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

ABERYSTWYTH, WALES Welsh singers have added much to the culture of ed in many instances on the fact that Address delivered at the Monday the Church. Evan Stephens, tabernacle choir disession of the the motives leaders of the morning the 119th of rector and composer, from Wales. Eider Clifcame misunderstood. general annual have been conference, ford E. is heritage Young's that of the Welsh, an Church

artistic cultured and people. in April the 4, 1949,

T recently read a statement by one Tabernacle cannot tell you how grateful I of our statesmen in which he said, feel this morning for the privilege "Every man has a right to his opinion, dency at his home in Springfield, he

I of being here and associating with but no man has a right to be wrong served water instead of liquor. That

you, my brethren and sisters, in this in his facts."Recently it was my reflected his attitude, and yet his mogreat conference. privilege to visit the Chicago Historical tives were questioned. I mentioned

For the past three months I have Association with my daughter. There this because our people in the days

not participated actively in the work they have a number of documents perof Nauvoo were the victims of hate, that is usually assigned to us and I taining to the Mormons, both favorand motives were questioned and much come to you this morning expressing able and unfavorable, many of them of the persecution resulted from this my gratitude to my Heavenly Father are antiMormon, and in looking them unfortunate spirit of the times of for the degree of health that I enjoy. over, almost without exception, they which Doctor Randall speaks.

There is something so uplifting in the are based on a book that was written Now I would like to apply this association of the Latterday Saints by an apostate in the days of the thought on motives to our present day.

it one misses Prophet Joseph, a book written andand when for a time he just heard Brother from We have feels published that great C. Bennett. that void otherwise by John and yesterday received He Moyle from we

would not be there, and so I rejoice had enjoyed the Prophet's confidence. Brother Benson some sound counsel

this morning with you in the privilege He had enjoyed the confidence of the and from others, of course, in this conhere. Saintsof being then himhad committed and ference, in but have these mind two

I self, like violated the to the laws of had would remarks direct my addresses. are going to do WhatI we

this of to the morning of the laws gospel Church something that and has it? to about going say, Are "Well, we

Christ Jesus for time,been on excommunicated. and was mind some my conditions are different. We are living theprompted impugned the motives of the that of things by He then some under different circumstances. Our

in Prophet nation, beimmediately Joseph.have our happened things He is environment can't do We fortifythat himself. to to reflect gan are serious questioned rather and me He things."these brothers and Mydifferent. the trend. leaders serious the of motives the ofa the laws not change. do of God sisters,We that long and wrote a there has been book to ago our Church Not came live just can righteously as as today

shores one of the greatest pianists of the basis of practically all antiMor- could the children of Israel under the thatour written have the mon books been since greatest time, perhaps that mandate from came FaGod our since. freely quotedPaderewski. and permitted not He is He was these ther to the Prophet Moses. They

to remain here and was told to go documents that we had the privilege haven't changed. The words and the

back to the country from whence he of inspecting reflected this spirit of counsels of Jesus Christ have not came, the reason being given that he hate, the spirit of questioning motives. changed.

had performed under the Hitler regime In early days, in the days of Nauvoo, in Germany. And then, too, we had it was a time when people did question TThe Word of Wisdom was given

a great singer come, one who had been motives. one hundred and sixteen years ago

here before but because she had joinJames G. Randall in his life of Linand yet we have reservations in our

ed her husband in Norway she, too, coln has given us a very vivid picture minds as to whether or not we should would have been barred except for of the conditions that existed in Illinois keep that divine law. As Brother

fact that she went to Canada where during the period from 1840 to 1850. Moyle pointed out to us this morning,

she was permitted to land and then This covered the period when the Latwhen the issue came before our legisshe finally was admitted into our terday Saints resided in Nauvoo. I lature there was a question in the

country. We were to have a great quote from Dr. Randall's book: minds of some of us as to what stand

leader as a guestsymphony come take. should there Should be any Incredible quantities liquor of conwe wereartist, just temporarily but question as the to we stand that Lattersaid sumed. Everybody, preachers and women revolution recent the"No."Saints When should day take these on matincluded, liquor. drinking were were Men

in place the took China great If and ters? just the Latterday Saints to fight quick brutal. and combats were

leader of the Chinese forces was deProfanity was general and emphatic. would observe that part of the Word

posed, the sentiment was immediately of Wisdom that has to do with liquor, expressed that he should be brought Men impugned other people's motives. think of the heartaches, the broken

to trial—they didn't say for what As an example Professor Randall tells homes, the delinquencies of both chilcrime—they had in mind, no doubt, the of Lincoln being employed one time dren and adults, that would be prewar trials that we have been reading as a storekeeper. In those days liquor vented, we would in very deed be as a

about. All of these things are disturbwas sold over the counter as were light upon a hill.

ing because they reflect an attitude of groceries and other necessities and beNow, one other matter. Thirteen

hate. cause of this some of Lincoln's enemies years ago we were advised what we

This attitude of hate, this spirit of charged that he was a liquor seller, should do with reference to meeting revenge is not in harmony with the carrying with it the imputation that he the economical problems of our people teachings of the gospel of Christ. The was a young man of questionable and the spiritual problems for that

gospel is a message of love and tolerstandards. As a matter of fact, Lincoln matter. The depression had left seriance and does not foster the spirit was known to be a young man of unous scars and wounds everywhere.

of hate or intolerance. questioned integrity, and he advocated The Lord pointed the way, one hunIntolerance is an evil that has and stood for temperance, and it is said dred years ago, his way, as to what

plagued the Latterday Saints since that when they came to notify him ofwe should do relative to taking care the organization of the Church, foundficially of his nomination to the presi- (Concluded on page 324)

MAY 1949 285 SYNOPSIS

President 1851, Brigham the yearIN colonists the The Fort on the to extend sent Young

Mormon territory to the south. Those who

went had to fight four adversaries: the

Utesj the Navajos, the renegade whites, and nature, which seemed at times thegreatest adversary of all. No treaty with Firing Line

the United States could guarantee the settters from the depredations of the Navajos.

Even Kit Carson who displaced the Indians quell them. it impossible to Jacobhad found Jl, man -JtU & genuinely Haskell Thales andHamblin &

loved the Indians, and time after time won them to a reluctant peace, only to have it raced like the wind, dashing pellmell Tn the stillness of that April evening, the actions again because of the ofbroken the trail Canyon, through out the eleven rode narrow men in Cow down last at the whites. But Mormonsrenegade fort dull the fort, the of the gate and the of gateway west and through in the settlement, their face ofhad begun died the the of their dipping sand on hoofs on tread low sun the was when nature. attacksIndian and

horizon. His report spread consternaaway into the ominous silence of night.

tion and alarm. Their herd was gone Wives and mothers and children laid

VIII in a body, taken from their guard in their heads on sleepless pillows, listenfor portendfew in to a and the daylight. solemn ing dread Except broad celebrated Bluff of the people in the been of ing they had sounds teams ponies and two night—echoesWhen their arfirst of anniversary the the of afoot. moaning towering they working, were cliffs—the Bishop practice rival, which a of river, dogs barking doleful the and

lived, as long he as insisted onNielson it. If they setting sun the in the beyond from camps Navajo shadows T ong the mastering towardstheir progress '*-'it hours, all restless in those fort, carrying dozed the across stretched reto only served objectivesbig had torture, blood, visions of to dream them. was with along forebodings gloomy before of the hugeness work theveal the lying prone their on ones loved all their if men could mount they Even fifteen of It taming the meant them. last, at no still came morning sand. it a be pursuit, When would in and go themselves saw savagesthousand who eleven the tidings from who had come thirty their and men hazard. dreadful Of and white of invasion men facing an the gate and west out through rode between freighting were boys, some their place and losing of prospect the into darkness. the at away away some Durango, there and thouliberty as their a nation—fifteen the that observed Nielson had cattle, a Joe only lost hunting or work fickle as and as souls primitive sand perwestward, Piutes headed were they Suppose at home. limited number ready as children, as and imaginative that for Butler and was haps Wash, twelve men arm and could mount all get to worked hornets of nest as a started the of objective the who men their take to do twelve could men what to war. out swarm andup quietly fort. and rode the They from of gang unscrupulous that from horses

How could a handful of impoverrobbers? The recovery of these horses in single file along the sandy trail up

ished people so much as begin on such would be a miracle, nothing short of Cottonwood Wash: Lem Redd, Jr.,

a labor? This wild nation, hotheaded it. Also, if twelve men were to be Kumen Tones, Platte D. Lyman, Jess

and superstitious, might rise up at any sent for the recovery of the horses, Smith, Amasa Barton, Orin Kelsey.

time in a frenzy of anger, obliterate who would guard the fort with the The complete personnel of that party the helpless fort, and race on with red women and children left in terror and is not on record. After traveling four

hands to the unsuspecting outside. suspense? miles in the darkness and stillness beRight at this time, although the celeNotwithstand- {Continued on page 299)

brators in the fort knew nothing about ing all these tercow Canyon Dugway, the narrow pass through the it and were not to know for weeks rible "ifs,"they cliffs to Bluff to come just what had happened, the must have their massacre staging a bloody Piutes were The of Blue east Springs, at Piute no Mounwomenhorses. were

tain. The fierce particulars of the less resolute

murder could cause no surprise to the about that than people of Bluff, but they had no inkling the men, and no they on, and going was now of what their of date the annual celebrated ardoubtcapable ofequallycarrival in peaceful ignorance of the rying on the warblack cloud soon to reach over them, fare which was cherishing still the fond hope that comprehended in destiny would favor them on this forthe plan of the bidding front. While they danced and mission. Furthersang and related the good fortunes more, and more

which had attended their efforts thus important if posfar, the Piutes robbed and murdered sible than the three men at the lonely Thurman horse horses, the Piutes ranch sixty miles away, and then must never see headed with their plunder and the them show the stolen band of blooded horses off in the white feather.

direction of Bluff and the more inacTheir prestige cessible parts of the county. with these insoFive miles from the fort they aplent Piutes must

peared suddenly with their great drive wave on high as of horses from a ravine, and seeing the their banner till herd of horses belonging to the Morsuch time as the mons, and guarded by a Mormon boy, Piutes could apthey circled the herd into their roundpreciate and reup, and sent a bullet whistling over the spond to friendhead of the herder, as he, Joe Nielson, ship.

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE WORD OF GOD Theschoolsyoungandmencollegesand womenare confrontedin our I Suchhave, beingin obediencethe impressionsto the underpublic whichsumit station, the present repaired to mons, conflicting conideas with many in to omit, peculiarly improper be would life. religioncerning and become They

first this act, supplica'official fervent my in their as they studyunsettled minds tions to rules that Being Almighty who our presentday problems. Attacks are over the universe, who presides* in the

made on their religious beliefs which councils of nations, and whose providential have been held sacred by them ever aids can supply every human defect, that since they were children in their his benediction may consecrate to the homes. They often come to wonder liberties and happiness of the people of

instituted the States United a government Bible, the the teachings of Holyabout essential themselves for these purposes, in the byparticularly the belief and God instrument every and emmay enable gospel of Jesus Christ. They often bed5u oLeui (L-daar Lyoum ployed in its administration to execute

is right in indifferent to whatcome just living.their daily have They PRESIDENT OF withcharge.successIn tenderingthe functionsthis homageallotted toto thehis

cause to wonder! The fires of revoluTHE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY great Author of every public and private

that I assure myself fear good, are burningtion everywhere—I than not less your sentiments it myexpressesown; doors. In America, very at oureven

large, fellowcitizens at of those at delivered the nor Sunday my in world, the course of wholeand we Address either. less than people can be bound session No 119th the morning of spiritual awakening, in a of needare invisible to the acknowledge adore and general annual conference, that respect makes awakening menan conducts the men, affairs which hand of in the 3, 1949, April finer history, of truths, lessons theold States. the the than people of United more Tabernacle realization the a God; wordand of

that a man owes a lot more to his HThe people whom Columbus found to in America, and his him: Washcountry, country whom than owes

faith, for the Christian mine, to but holy bringing of the a ington charmeans of old was the standards to returna intellect the unaided that which of man it of knowledge a an to World, were Old that easy foracter a makes man of Spirit the has could not compass, God become indignant over corruption, and granted to human exertions. For God is deeply religious people. In a recent

to hate sin and wrong. A study of the wont to hear the prayers of his servants visit to the Maricopa Stake, I was imword of God, faith, and prayer will who live his precepts even to the performpressed with the group of Indians that

bring about a better feeling in the ance of apparent impossibilities.... Let was present. Noblelooking people,

earth, rejoice Christ he as on it is were. rejoices they of them the were Some Navayouth, up to of the andminds

in the in of the salvation prospect heaven jos, Zunis, Apaches. patient a few and some with mothersfathers to be and hitherto of of so the souls many nations

I visit, recalled to them, In speaking in a living children, for they aretheir a lost.

new age. Every household should made to Boston many years ago, of

keep in mind the two divinely apWith what inspired knowledge did some Zunis. We are told that they

pointed events in modwere taken down the ern history around which harbor, that they might must be centered our worship. Landing on an

future lives as a people. island, the Indians disThe discovery of Amerappeared for a time, and

ica was for a divine puron their return they pose, and the formation walked into the sea, ana, of this Republic was an with deep solemnity, event ordered of God sang their mystic chant.

for a glorious new day. They then threw out

The Prophet N e p h i upon the air from their some six centuries beuplifted hands the grain fore the birth of the they offered to the god

Savior wrote: of waters, and let it

float away as a thanks beand looked And offering. That worwas the aheld among I man ship of the Spirit. Great sepaGentiles, was who

rated from the seed of my When Jesus sent forth brethren by the many the Twelve and Seventy waters; and I beheld the as his ambassadors of

Spirit of God, that it came the divine truths which upon wrought anddown he teaching, he was forththe went he man; and charged them to rewaters, the manyupon

produce the miracles of of the seed untoeven my cilFromof thethe Seventyoffice of goesthe Presidentthe missionaryof the messageFirst Counto brethren, who were in the every kindred, tongue, and people. President Levi his own personal mincall missionary himself the and heeded Edgar Young istry. land. Such extensionpromised an

well States as Mission in the England served New came to pass that I beheld the And it of his a part original of his work was First his president of the as as carrying work on

Spirit of God, that it wrought upon other Council of the Seventy. project of evangelizing the country

forth Gentiles; they out of and went roundabout Palestine and eventually

captivity, the waters. upon many the world. Winthrop, one of the old Puritan (I John 13:1213.) Nephi

fathers, write:

How deeply did Christopher ColumIt will be a service to the Church of otherAfterseventythese also,things,andthesentLordthemappointedtwo and bus feel the inspired directive purpose great consequence to carry the gospel into two before his face into every city and of God when he wrote of his discovery those parts of the world to help on the place, whither he himself would come.

of America: coming of the fulness of the Gentiles. Therefore said he unto them, the harvest

truly is great, but the labourers are few:

But these great and marvelous results In his first inaugural address, Washpray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, are not to be attributed to any merit of ington said: {Continued on page 324)

MAY 1949 287 BY GOSPEL POSITIVES Arntoine f\. Jrivin5

will need your faith and prayers, we look for them and find them, and OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY my brethren and sisters, if I am apply them in our lives, to meet every itself that daily present that will be emergency anything to may say delivered at the Address MondayI able

I that to us. I realize, I believe those of us of us today. to whohelpful any session morning the 119th of

believe, the responsibility under which have the responsibility to teach will annual general conference,

I labor at present in taking your time have better success if we emphasize the April 4, 1949, in the as you have come here, so many of advantages of the positive side of the Tabernacle you, to give of your spirit and to regospel over the negative side. It is my

ceive of ours. belief also that when we come to teach

principle of as limit that various principles the the of faith as gospel some of to the Church all belong We statesearch, in that think understand them, if they should might I we we we Saints of Latterday ChristJesus presume. We all hold dear the gospel will find sufficient and valid reasons ment, for faith is an active, vigorous,

of Jesus Christ. Some of us apply it for every principle that we advocate. productive power. Faith without

rather narrowly in our lives but it is a works is dead. The reason that was

broad, general plan for the develop- \X7e come here, as President Hunter said is that there is no faith where ment of mankind in the earth. The vv has said, to gain experience, and there is no action. Faith is the underIt principle of all lying our activities. is that I like most I am about itthing in to gain experience order must we

its thing that is the makes life go. Of to apply able beable to, or should cast work. he Lord The said when

its in highest sublimest course and activity inprinciples every of my the out of "In of Eden, Garden life. Adam

is faith sense, it Heavenly in God our once thing be practised to It is not a face shalt of eat thy the sweat thou a week, but it is a daily program for bread,"and that is a positive command, Father, but we must also have faith in the development and upbuilding of that man shall work. God knew what ourselves and faith in each other or

men. It is a positive thing in its ache meant and what he said when he we can do nothing of value.

tions and in its results. There are gave that commandment, for I think

some prohibitions and some negations that no man ever grew in power and HPhen we believe in the principle of to it, it is true, but every prohibition strength, virtue and leadership in ab- * progress, eternal progress, if you has come about because men have not solute idleness. We should work every will, and that means that as I find betseen fit to follow its positive admoniday of our lives at some productive ter ways of doing the things my faith

tions. effort in order to make the maximum teaches me to do, that I will give up

There has been reference made to progress that we are entitled to. the poor ways and use the better, and

the fact that there is good and evil It is true that out of every day we that again presents positive reaction to in the world, and that is true. It is have to sleep a the exigencies of

much like it is with this body of ours. certain time to life. If we are goEvery muscle in the body has an oprecover, but ing to get the

posing one, but I call to your attennonetheless our most out of our tion the fact that every bit of work waking hours experience here that the body does is the result of a should be prowe will be conpositively acting muscle, and no work ductive hours. stantly looking

whatever is ever done by a relaxing We should never for improved andone. We should be that way in our allow ourselves, better ways of

lives. We should interpret the gospel if we can help it, doing the things

into daily activities. I believe I have to become a burthat we have to

told you before of a remark that was den on society. I do in our daily

made by a friend of mine and a friend grant you that conduct of life.

father's, a very wonof was who my condithere are will try to We faith, however, notderful of our man, detions which find better ways and who was a banker. He said, "You velop in the lives of meeting our

know, Antoine, your father came as of some people fellows in our nearly applying his religion in his buswhich prevent business transaciness, combining the two, as anybody their using their tions, ways which

I have known."He said, "You know, faculties with will better recog-

I can't do that, because I am a banker which they were nize their rights and I have to be hardboiled."originally enas well as ours.

Now, if my religion doesn't come to dowed for their We will strive my aid and tell me how to be a banker, own sustenance, for better ways then I don't want to be one. and when people of handling the

I believe that there are in the posifall into that unboys and girls tive teachings of the gospel of Jesus happy situation it Son of a father who championed the cause of the that God gives,

Christ all the principles that are necesis the burden and Mexican people and made his home for a time in into our care, so sary for the proper conduct of a bankobligation of the histhe father'scolonies,fight.Elder UnderAntoinehisR.directionIvins hasthecarriedDoctrineon that we may bring,ing business, and likewise I believe rest of society to and Covenants and Pearl of Great Price have been them closer to

that there are those things, positive take care of translated into the Spanish language. him and make

instructions for the proper guidance them, but I feel them better servof my relationship as a landlord with that it is my duty as long as I am able ants of him. Think what a grave remy tenants. I believe, furthermore, that to, in order that I may gain the maxisponsibility it is to father a son or a

there are in the gospel those things mum from my experiences in life, that daughter, for that son may be the head which should govern me as a police I should be busily and actively engaged of a family eventually, if he is fortuofficer in enforcing the laws of the in some productive service. nate and then from him there may stem.

land and the city in which I live. In The Church is an active, vigorous forth a progeny that will fan out in a

other words, I believe that there are Church. The Prophet said the first period of time until it includes thoupositive instructions in the gospel of great principle of the Church is faith sands and thousands of people. Think,

Jesus Christ which will enable us, if in God our Eternal Father. Let us not (Concluded on page 322)

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

intL FUTURE Dm r\ic/iard cJL. Lvani

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Address delivered at the Sunday morning session of the 119th annual general conference, April 3, 1949, in the Tabernacle

Square, Temple a like manna from heaven. The Lord spot beauty of America, attracted 981,- allots us a day's supply at a time; arid

264 visitors in 1948. in the ordinary course of life, allowr

ing man his traditional scriptural three score and ten, we may calculate that each of us might expect on an average about twentyfive thousand days. I

think when we reduce our lifespan and our opportunities here to twentyfive thousand days, we may think more seriously of some of the things to which we give our time. We can spend

it doing one thing or doing another, reading some things or reading other things, with some people or with other people, and I earnestly hope that we may give the time test to all we is President McKay indicated in his to this scene every day, and more than do and to all we think and to all our l\ opening remarks, at times these three times that, maybe four times goings and comings.

I like to fact that should Another that are Think what newcomers. rather to conferences who seem comeXjL

is is that there passing of in no speak in of reaching that terms is this and means together, thoseclose of one and

I far superiority so assurance as of fifty teaching and some hundred totimes. I earnestly pray hope and

be given utterance on this occasion. I thousand new arrivals every day! know, to any person or to any people;

of persuperior basis except a on the physical of another remindedfeel these walls, but within I am at home bless*- assured of formance. no I know I invited the attention of is fact to which thisthe congregation of impact

conditions obedience, of ings except on of brethren ago weeks quite a few for some my never whichsomething

I pride shan't take undue and hope we has dramatized Hendrick It Loon for privilege Vanprepared. has been I myam

truth. in of possession the mere Our at physically, that the fact in bulk this building frequent to yearsmany

if it should pride indeed come, should least, don't to amount much. Mr. men grounds, grow- I have and aand these

ing love of them and a growing Van Loon invites our attention to the come at all, and our gratitude liker in the not mere*- use of and if to that fact a wise, someone were truth,'makefeeling appreciation of and peace; its in possession. ly mile onehalf in all crate measuring of things greathere. of speak They

I that of Presreminded a story am in other dimensions, words, a onehalf things of great of thethe past and future—and I have great faith in the mile hollow cube, all the human family ident Grant frequently told, quoting

future. I have great faith in the ultinow living could be put into it, and from old Bishop Hunter: "Don't get

mate accomplishment of the purposes it could be dropped into the Grand the bighead. The bighead has ruined

of Providence, in spite of the foolishCanyon and wouldn't be noticed very more people in this Church than anyness of men. It is a glorious world in much. one thing—except sin."There is no

spite of many manmade troubles. If someone had actually done that, more virtue in the mere possession of

One of the things that happens in this world would have been saved a truth than there is in the mere possestwill food. of Neither save a man trouble; also sion of deal but good Ithis we think of every world day which

it, it wisely, uses uses unless and he deprived of been have much would is the are not well too awarewe that as I earnestly may, pray and we living glorious accomplishment andgoing tens of thousands of coming and that people, the a with knowledge we in with achievement accordance and arrivalsof of newcomers people—the that have, demonstrate what know we purposes plans of our the Father and of those the departuresand have who

living superior to a with way it by do It is his in declared purpose heaven.finished their here, for time sojourn a

> life, group. individually of as and a the to bring pass immortality to and least. It isat fact everstartling to an

me that about one hundred fifty thoueternal life of man, and he has been I earnestly hope, in closing, that our sand people arrive in this world every patient with our imperfections, and young people may be encouraged as day, and that more than eighty thoulong-suffering, and has given us the they go forth to live their lives. I -resand leave this world every day, leavever-present possibility of repentance. peat that I have great faith in the fuing a total increase in world population I hope we shall all be as patient and ture and in the ultimate purposes of

every day of some seventy thousand.* understanding with the imperfections our Father in heaven and in the future

people. of one of our accomplishments young another as our Father has been this President Smith has spoken

us. time7: wrote one Thomas Carlyle As of themorning of people number we with

have in the southern California area. '"Phere is another physical fact that "The crash of the whole solar and

There are more than that who are comes to mind, and that is that stellar systems could only kill -youadded ( increase in population, that is ) time is the essence of all our opportuonce"—but we certainly don't want

sit happen! for it to to 'around waiting nities. is in the dimension which we figures authorities these put higher *Some some and Will I people that our young hope it live. can't lower. are estimated by These Claron speed Nelson, E. and up, we WeIt

liveUniversity of the plan Utah, dnd: forth United from prepare Nations and and go Monthit, it can't can't save down. slow Wely Bulletin Statistics. April 1949, other from and of

'it. is, Itsources.'can't in sense, hoard and a p&Qe Concluded on 12) '( we

MAY 1949 289 (La* DUTY OM ft)J Oscar -A. J&rkkam, OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTV

Address delivered at the Wednesday fine young men and women who are gether."We must see that our prosafternoon session of the 119th out in the mission field. As one of the pective missionaries are kept physicalannual general conference, things that you are taking home, I ly fit. One of the most interesting letApril 6, 1949, in the humbly appeal that it will be fastened ters we received in our home was a

Tabernacle upon your heart that we must hold that letter from one of our boys who wrote line of fortytwo hundred missionaries. from faroff Africa to his mother and

tell to said, the please "Mother, me how number World War II this that pray the After enjoy humbly I may it gravy.'is with five thousand. up to misgrew "So 'Mormon The make blessings of this hour. This has

fine sion out; presidents fellows extended their missionof your who go many a great conference in my per-I been

into little going ary try to themselves efforts, out they just keep Sunday life.sonal I have greatly enjoyed the

sessions that have taken place between schools, into little branches. They on simple, plain foods since they have

the conference sessions, when great were pressed to put into service anyto do some of their own cooking. You

groups of friends have met on these one, everyone, they could find. If we mothers, show them how to make a

lovely grounds. I purposely walked up don't hold that extended line, then the stew. Show them how to poach an

to five or six groups to hear what Sunday schools and small branches will egg; how to prepare a simple meal.

might be the conversation and in all fold up. You who have had experiAm I talking of spiritual things? Yes,

but one it reflected the preaching servence in missionary service know that for many a fine sermon and many a ices. I rejoice in that. if something isn't coming to feed and day of tracting have been spoiled be-

I want to express personally a word encourage these people that have accause your boy was ill at ease physiof appreciation for the centennial celecepted the gospel, although they have cally.

bration of the Sabbath schools held faith and hope in it, they require aid Help him in his study. Recently I

Sunday evening. I was sitting by my until they are established in the Church went to interview a young man for a

of priesthood mission. I found him in the field where and until the God can be little fellow. they Whengrandson—a

their I leadership. conferred upon the treasureopened box, he suddenly

woke up and said, "Boy, this is now humbly pray that World Scout leaders attending International Scout going to be good."I guess he was reyou will take with Jamboree, Moisson, France, 1947.

flecting his grandfather's spirit. One you an earnest deletter from the box which Brother sire to hold that line

Royall read impressed me. Brother of glorious missionGeorge Q. Cannon expressed the wish ary service, for on

that he might be here when it was this day when we opened, and when I heard his grandcelebrate the birth son pray, I said in my heart, George of the Church, we

Q. Cannon is here. recall that the

Also during conference time, when Prophet Joseph said,

to perform have we of which sawaries—twoI visited the fine reunions of mission- "The greatest duty I attended—I is to the gospreachtwo young in one men reunion meet

after not having seen each other for pel of Jesus Christ."

years. They couldn't express their So may I, in just a

feeling in a handshake. They couldn't few words, try to

express it in words. They embraced tie that in to our

as they met. It was beautiful to see. I daily lives as we

went to another reunion where the leave this conferto our part. doplace was crowded with returned misence,

the lawn Onsionaries, and I had another experience next nity.ScoutingElder affordsKirkhaman hasexcellentmade missionarygreat contributionsopportulittle of the Church but to only the Scout to program not a my home,that greatly delighted me. Missionin participated of the States United and has fellow, four yearsaries were chatting old, was playing. sixalso jamborees. their world about companionship in the missionary field, but His mother turned to me one day and

said, is "Brother there Kirkham, ourtheir tongue it, couldn't tell own quite I the of one plowing, saw he and was I future missionary."the Then sawand they into away went the Maori I in finest a witnessed things have little sister's his rascal pull go andtongue, the language of the people life. sulky the on man's young was He I hair; started said, cry; she to and theywhere had labored as missionfront he the near but where plow, he's future the missionary.""Yes,aries. things These have greatly imit, fastened had constantly he see could the great writer, Ruskin, English haspressed the spirit me: great this of clothesof scripture with a passage a said, "Evil gone That's good wrong.occasion, the glorious that sermons I to greet him, pin. up came When it all is."start must somewhere isWe uttered,have been the testimony of our I pointing the this?"to said, "What's little line the in fellows, with downPresident, the narrative life and his of since the paper, said, "ever he "Oh,"this for preparation missionary our deeplywhich impressed me. I studyto been bishop have me, spoke It is service. unfair to to your boy is plan welfare "The here stay,"to scriptures, ing the Brother Kirkham."called having suddenly, not him have I I love that sentence. enjoyed the that preparing so This young was man his guidance in care and your had prepof Presidentwords he McKay when field labor, of in his arrives he when I for aration missionary service. apoutlined the opportunities for quohis infaith stand defend and he may will that is to peal see that you you he in therums welfare work. telligently for grateful the sugbe and

kept physically fit; that he has a sound gestions of his father and mother.

And now, if I may have the inspirabody. George Mayo of the great Mayo Start to save now. What a lovely

tion of the Lord, 111 say just a clinic said to me one day, "The place thing it is to know that through the word about our greatest duty. We where spirit ends and body begins, or war years and other years, these

have fortytwo hundred missionaries vice versa, I do not know. It's all to- {Concluded on page 324)

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA REPORT think it would be wise for me to And she answered, "No, she isn't, she's report to you a geographical change gone to heaven."He said, "Would

I which has taken place in the New you mind giving her this tract whenEngland Mission, so that it 3rom she comes back?"

will be on the record of this If I might have the Spirit conference. the Lord with me, I should Last summer the First Doflike to talk for a moment

Presidency assigned to our about these young missionmission the Island of NewNEW ENGLAN aries from the viewpoint of foundland, a large island lyyou, their parents, who sit in ing off the Gulf of St. Lawrence in the this audience. You send them to us, and

Atlantic Ocean. Newfoundland is a Dm ). tJjiliAJorth, \Jjovina the First Presidency gives us instrucprovince of England and has been on tions concerning them. In their hands

its own, so far as government is conOF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY lies the awesome responsibility of cerned, for a long time. Until now, it preaching and teaching to the people

has had its ruling power in the hands Address delivered at the Monday of the world the gospel of Jesus Christ of three commissioners. Three weeks afternoon session of the 119th and also, too, of warning them, for this

ago, the British House of Lords voted annual general conference, is a day of warning. But I am sure

affirmatively, and as soon as the King April 4, 1949, in the that you want these young men and signs the bill, Newfoundland will be a Tabernacle women to get something from their exprovince of Canada. Then all of the perience besides that. If I detect anyrules applying to goods and men enthing from the letters I receive from

tering into the provinces of Canada, parents, it is that they have a very great will apply to Newfoundland. This is hope that the boys and the girls will

not all, however, of Newfoundland. come home with sure and abiding testiIncluded in the province is Labrador, monies of the truth of the gospel. I

the strip of coast on the northeastern have never yet seen parents too poor part of the continent. So the boundary but what the money they spend to keep

of the New England Mission now their boys and girls in the field is well starts at the lower part of Connecticut, spent and ungrudgingly spent if the child about twenty miles out of New York comes home and looks his folk straight

City, and extends nearly a thousand, in the eye and tells them that he does five hundred miles to just opposite have a testimony and knows that God

Greenland. We can give your sons lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that the

now any type of climate they can enhappiest days of his life have been dure. when he has been able to tell people

The first two elders to open that about the gospel.

land, so far as I know in the history Those things don't come by chance, of the Church ( and I think it has been my friends. The business of getting a

checked quite carefully here in Salt testimony is a growth which must be

Lake City) are Elders Arza C. Page taken step by step, and it comes rapidof Payson and John Major Scowcroft ly or slowly according to how the perof Ogden. They went over to the son who takes those steps, moves. In

island last fall and began their work. the mission field, it is necessary that

They do not as yet have converts, and missionaries take them quite rapidly.

Elder Scowcroft has since come back They must have their testimony early to the mainland, but they are making if they expect to get much done. I

progress. There are now four elders don't blame the young folk for saying

there. I should like it in the record, before they leave for the field that

so that twentyfive years from now if they aren't quite sure; because they

somebody wants to know who started THE PURITAN by Saint Gaudens don't yet know that a testimony is a inthe Newfoundland, those two work thing quite can never and be in relative born Smith were Brigham Joseph and Young have the credit.young in men may feels that only measured; their as a of the granite rocks from England man and New

I enjoy very much being associated environmentbrought to theretainedChurchthe itssolidfundamentalqualities thatqualities.have his heart and gives service to his

with the young men and the young President S. Dilworth Young now presides over the Church does that whispering become

women who are in the New England New England States Mission. more and more sure until the final as-

—aboutMission. twoI don'tpercenthaveof aallgreatthe missionnumber would be safe in saying that of the Theysurance,don'tfor knowwhichthatwe yet.all hope,Theycomes.come

aries of the Church are in our mission, 125 missionaries in New England tointo the field, and we send them out. I

but I think they are a good crosssec- day not more than two could be believe I know a little about what our tion of all the others, and so I feel as classed as among those who are not Lord and Savior must have felt on though I know the remainder. They making the most of the effort. I bethat great day when he called seventy

are very much alike, and they are fine lieve this generation of young folk is to him and told them to go forth, giving boys and girls. They become excellent the finest and the cleanest, the most them authority to do the things that

missionaries. intelligent, and the best educated they had seen him do. I believe that

group we have had for as long as I the man side of his nature made him

T17hen I was a missionary in the know anything about the missionary worry about them. He was hopeful

v * Central States, I remember Presiservice. They have their moments. they would all measure up to what he

dent Samuel O. Bennion said that a A few days ago one of the elders told them; and, while I know he had

good many of the boys who came out in one of our cities in Massachusetts the prophetic view and could see at that time could just as well have walked up to a door with his comahead, I like to think that he worried stayed at home for all the good he panion, knocked on the door, and to about it, too. When they came back

thought they did. A number of boys a maid who came to the door, he and said those immortal words that

loafed away their missions. I think I said, "Is the lady of the house in?"(Continued on page 320)

MAY 1949 291 LIFEIMMORTALITY JU ETERNAL is indeed a sobering experience, presence. There they would not only BY

Itmy brethren and sisters, to occupy experience immortality but they would this position and to look into the also enjoy the great blessing of eternal faces of this vast multitude of Latterlife. niton i\. JsfunUf

day Saints who have come here to Throughout the various ages when E FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY worship the Lord. I humbly trust and God has revealed gospel principles to

pray that the Spirit of the Lord will his holy prophets, he has always given attend me in what I say this morning. them that one great idea that men will Address delivered at the Monday

I, like the other brethren who have live on throughout the eternities. morning session of the 119th

spoken, have a testimony of this great annual general conference, work. I appreciate the privilege I A little over a hundred years ago April 4, 1949, in the

have of being a member of the Church when the gospel plan of salvation Tabernacle of Jesus Christ. It is my one great was being restored to the Prophet Jolife in in desire to dispensation, serve seph to Smith the our the the Lord the revelation of regardprophets and

ability of various best to Christian denominations held always and do my ing the immortality of but man, we that the live to concept he do. what wants would me on men lot of absolute have a evidence. The their in after death, the heart practically yet of understanding and Deep

all greatest that of evidence and you the this lived in of every has unseen very person world was hazy and who live I are will immortal, that on we little, ifworld, vague. any, implanted a informahad They God life, is this fact leave after the that hope—yes, we

life, desire, tion than strong regarding premortal a ourmore and that—evenhas Christ, crucifixion, his following Jesus

will life that live their after death. he postmortal concepts on The were the rose to grave. from appeared He is immortality It universal in of respects. conerroneous a very man many in people around Jerusalem, many and cept. religions of study ancient therefore, for necessary, our The became establishing fact that thereby the he reveals fact the that in religion that reveal to Father any again to heaven extending the immortal was promand

its with popular earth devotees relaof beanwas abundance and knowledge ise to that risen humanity as he had religion attive of a the immortality to came prominence of and man all the grave so from would men.

We read in the book of Matthew that at the time of the Savior's resurrection the graves of saints who had lived godly lives while in mortality were opened, and they appeared to many people in and around Jerusalem.

These saints could have been such characters as Father Abraham, Isaac,

Jacob, Joseph, Noah, and the other holy prophets and their wives who belonged to "the Church of the Firstborn."

Following his resurrection, Jesus

Christ also appeared to the Nephites who lived in this land. On one of

those occasions he told them to bring their records to him. As he read that

record, he asked them if Samuel the

Lamanite had not prophesied that when Christ was resurrected the graves of the ancient saints would be opened and that they would appear to these Nephite people. He was informed that such had been the prophecies and that those prophecies have

fulfilled. been instructed Thereupon he

L.D.S. INSTITUTE LOGAN historian the Nephite to write that for missionary service. Institutes help to cement standards of the Education is one of the best media

right in the will obtain into kind of activity lasting joyChurch those and bring who recreation. For nine great prophecy fulfilment in and its

Institute. director at instructoryears President the Logan R. and assistant Hunter Milton was

I their records in order that you and in the latterdays might know for a tained that popularity and prominence point out the pathway to follow in surety that we would live on after as a result of assuring its members order to gain eternal life. As a result death; that we are immortal beings as

that following their sojourn on this of God's concern over his children, the well as mortal.

earth they would experience a happy, Prophet Joseph Smith translated the glorious, and blessed immortality. The Book of Mormon. It contains much /"\ver one hundred years ago Jesussame fact holds true today. doctrine pertaining especially to postChrist appeared to Joseph Smith

When Father Adam and Eve were mortal life. He also received the wonon several occasions. Christ was a

upon this earth, through his Only Bederful revelations recorded in the Docresurrected, glorified, celestialized God gotten Son, God revealed to them the trine and Covenants. Section seventywhen he made those appearances. Ingospel of Jesus Christ; and as one of six is the greatest revelation regarding terspersed among those visitations,

the most important doctrines in that postmortal life to be found recorded other beings who had lived upon this gospel, he gave them the assurance in any book in the world. Joseph reearth in ancient days appeared to the

that if they and their posterity would ceived the Pearl of Great Price in Prophet Joseph. Such persons as the

live in accordance with all the teachwhich we find much information on Angel Moroni, Peter, James, and John, ings, doctrines, and ordinances rethe council of the gods and our preJohn the Baptist, Moses, Elias, Elijah, vealed to them that some day they mortal existence. Michael, Raphael, and others visited

would be able to come back into his We not only have the teachings {Continued on page 316) i92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Monday given these things to us in our day. enough to read the doctrines of the

afternoon session of the 119th The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterkingdom and know what they are. The

annual general conference, day Saints is in the most real and actudevils also believe and tremble. It is

April 4, 1949, in the al sense the kingdom of God on earth, not enough to take the Book of MorTabernacle and it is designed to prepare and qualmon and read it and believe it. We

ify men to go to the kingdom of God must do all these things. But thereafter

in heaven which is the celestial kingwe must accept the truth by covenant dom of heaven. under the hands of a legal administrator, someone who can bind on earth

and in heaven.

The Prophet Joseph Smith wrote Authority these words in his journal referring to a discussion he had in THE with the Twelve

Apostles:

I told the brethren that the Book of MorMINISTRY mon was the most correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of our religion,

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY andnearera manto wouldGod getby abiding its precepts, Yesterday I had the privilege of The Prophet Joseph Smith preached book.than by(Ibid.,any vol.other4,

standing as a representative of the a glorious sermon in which he defined p. 461.) Jflr

Lord in the baptism of my eldest the kingdom of God. From it I read

son. After I had acted pursuant to the these sentences: I agree with every

I thatauthority had, he and that Brother word is there of minis- a priest Where faforth of the water. out Then God—a Imycame Marion G. Romney

ter has authority from and power who priests,ther, his high of laid one God's said yesterday. As in to administer of the ordinances God son's conheadhands upon and my done, he has I have officiate the in the gospel priesthood and

firmed him a member of the Church of of God, there is the kingdom of God. read the Book of

Jesus Christ and gave him the gift of... Where there is no kingdom of God Mormon, prayerthe Holy Ghost. This gift of the Holy there is no salvation. What constitutes fully and carefully,

Ghost is the right to the constant comthe kingdom of God? Where there is a more times than I

panionship of that member of the Godprophet, a priest, or a righteous man unto have fingers; I beis his gives oracles, there the God whom righteousness.head, based on it, lieve sincerely

of the oracles kingdom and God; where the in father I each acted and My wholeheartedly. and of not, the there are of kingdom God God priesthood, the of purauthority and that it is a I know is not.

suant to authorization given by those... If we do not get revelations, we true witness of

who hold the keys of the priesthood. do not have the oracles of God; and if Christ and an acPriesthood is one thing; keys another. they have not the oracles of God, they curate revealer of

Priesthood is the power and authority are not the people of God. the doctrines of

of God delegated to man on earth to... Jesus in his teachings says, "Upon Christ.

I this will build rock the church and my all in for things the of salvationact But after have we it."hell shall gates of prevail not against directing are the power,men. Keys

. found the rock? Revelation. What in the preside tothe right govern and find will of after the can out.. Whenever men we havetruth,

inpriesthood the Church. and find legally administrator and an God that learned the

These two things, the authority of authorized from God, there is the kingdom Book of Mormon

1 directing thesethe the kingare not, priesthood God; but where the and power of translated was by

is not. vol. 5, (D.H.C., dom of God ofthat pp. the the priestwith keys goes gift the and power 256259.) distinguish the world. us fromhood, is verily and of God

The power and authority of God are true, after we havefound in the Church of Jesus Christ; Dy the grace of God, and through his obtained the testithey are not found in the churches mercy, we have had restored to us mony of Christ that

which are not of Jesus Christ. The in this day the fulness of the everlastcomes by hearing

churches of the world have a form of ing gospel: all of the laws, ordinances, the word of God

godliness, but they deny the power and principles by obedience to which taught by one havIt isthereof. in authe through and exalted both be saved can and we in [Continued on the that thethority priesthood of powFather's other our peokingdom. No page 314)

is manifest.er of godliness light we And ples the so and had have much of

are the only people on earth who have truths of heaven poured out upon them that priesthood, that power to act in as we have.

the Lord's name and have our acts To us has come the Book of Moron both acknowledged andapproved States Eastern Misdealings The record with of God's mon—a fruitful sion a been has in heaven.earth and the the fulness a of people who field for missionlabor of

is is In it Church. This a restored it aries. in Exchange contains, everlasting Although gospel—andhad Place, in ceneconomic the in all essential respects, today, found truths the of simple form, plain and lies ter of the world

precisely the ancientsexactly in and what countless this thoumission, salvation. the truths of have many We

feeling sands, of the need Peter as Christ gavehad. Just and the will accept of heaven, and if we substance, them spiritual have

authority of old of theApostles both to listened accepted and gain the live them, can and then we

Presthe gospel message. thethe priesthood keys of the and that available greatest are rewards Bruce in ident R. McConkie

kingdom of heaven, or in other words eternity. But it is not enough to have served in this mission.

alone. of truth the of the possession the keys on kingdom mere The God—Photograph by

will earth, is the so he It is not of truth Church, not save man. which has a Berenice Abbott

MAY 1949 293 The Bishop's Building has stood since its dedication April 27, 7970, as the symbol of to help the temporalTHE THINGS THAT MATTER the of the members Church—and others

seeing the good work in a temporal way have

spiritual message. With J4nd \Jther been led to accept the of the removal the

ofBishop's Jhina&t Presidingfice to the Church Ofhis- period in the building of the am very happy, brothers and sisAddress delivered at the Sunday ficefultory Building, a colorters, to have the privilege of attendafternoon session of the 119th will have been fulfilled.

I ing this conference with you. I am annual general conference,

sure we have all rejoiced in the testiApril 3, 1949, in the monies and the instructions of our Tabernacle brethren, and I thank the Lord for them and for my association with them, and I am very grateful, as you are, tus and King Agrippa. When he bore

that he has permitted President Smith his testimony to them he told them to be here with us today and to instruct how he had seen a light and heard the us as he has done. voice of the Savior speak unto him, but

I humbly pray that, in the few mothey just could not understand it. And

ments that are mine, I may leave some Festus said with a loud voice: "...

thought with you that will help inspire Paul, thou art beside thyself; much

you and help you feel compensated for learning doth make thee mad."(Acts

the great work you are doing in the 26:24.)

Church of our Father in heaven. To which Paul replied: "I am not

It has been said that there are two mad, most noble Festus; but speak

kinds of things in this world, the things forth the words of truth and soberthat matter and then the other things, ness."

and I believe that if any people have And then Agrippa said: "Almost

learned to know the things that matter, thou persuadeth me to be a Christian."when the angel spake to him it literally

is it the Saints. Latterday earth. the did shake while Paul before stood And them will recall that that thing the a teacher so found You among Alma And in chains, "I he said: to would God,the to night, really that thing went while, the the Jesus Jews by worth was that all only thou, not also that but

thing Teacher, Great to to learn the the mattered, that from and him was this hear day, almost, both me were it life; thatthings matter, his so and he which devoted and met he when

I altogether and such as except am, the Savior, said: that the of he prophets and with day was these bonds."

... Rabbi, we know that thou art a Paul had found the thing that matthis day.

teacher come from God: for no man can tered in this world, and he was willing When the Prophet Joseph wrote his

do these miracles that thou doest, except to give his life for it. own story he said that he marveled

God be with him. (John 3:2.) that a boy, obscure as he was, a farmAnd Peter, that great exponent of er boy without education, should beJesus did not reply with some great truth, after he had received the gift come the subject of such discussion

of the Ghost, Holy was commanded of philosophy men, said but to Nicothe concern and great men of his by

. he should no longer Christ preach demus: '.. Except a born that be man said: community, he and

again, he cannot see the kingdom of and him crucified in the streets of JeruGod."salem, but he replied: "Whom shall I had actually seen a light, and in the

And of course Nicodemus did not men obey, God or man?"midst of that light I saw two personages,

reality to in did and they me; speak and understand, said: and he can a went as on about his "How And work

I persecuted for though hated and was he is man be born he he when been had commanded, old? Can he because

vision, that saying yet seen a I had it was true; and while they were persecuting me,

reviling me, and speaking all manner of evil against me falsely for so saying, I was i5u oLeLjrand /\lchardd led to say in my heart: "Why persecute

truth? for telling the me

PRESIDING BISHOP seen and a vision; who amI haveI thatactuallyI can

withstand God, or why does the world think to make me deny what I have actualenter the second time into his mother's had been born again and he knew the ly seen?"For I had seen a vision; I knew

it, it, I I that and and knew knew God born?"be and thing womb, that while. was really worth

it, I it; at neither dared not could deny do replied: Jesus "Except a And man

I least doing that I would so knew by of consider the Spirit, be water the born of of Alma, and Alma, son he Mow offend condemnaunder God, and come enter into cannot the of kingdom God."the persecuting about went who tion.

A great many people, as Jesus inSaints, until the angel of the Lord apstructed the teacher of the Jews, have peared to him and told him of his error, And so, being born again, as the been born again. Take as an illustraand the earth trembled as the angel Prophet was, and learning the thing

tion the Apostle Paul. spake to him, but after that, when that mattered and was really worth

There was a man who did not unAlma went forth to preach the gospel, while, his whole life was devoted to his derstand the truth. On the way to he just could not take unto himself the testimony, until he sealed his testimony

Damascus, our Savior appeared to him power that he would like in order that with his blood.

and informed him of the mistake he he might be able to cry repentance to was making, and said: "Saul, Saul, all the world. And he said: "O that It took Brigham Young about two

why persecutest thou me? I were an angel, and could have the years to make up his mind to join the

"... it is hard for thee to kick against wish of mine heart, that I might go Church after he first heard the gospel,

the pricks."(Acts 9:4-5.) forth and speak with the trump of and then for the next ten years, we are

And you know the life of Paul, from God, with a voice to shake the earth, told, he spent almost his entire time in that time forward until he went to and cry repentance unto every people"the missionary service of the Lord.

Rome and there appeared before Fes- ( Alma 29:1), because he knew that (Continued on page 312)

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SINCERELY 1 trust, my brethren and PRAYER sisters, that I might enjoy an BY. interest in your

faith and prayers.

This great fodepk oi. lAJidkun

conference has OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC been a most impressive one.

As I listened to the addresses of the River Jordan, and the voice of God Address delivered at the Wednesday our beloved was heard saying: afternoon session of the 119th

conference, President George in the 6, 1949, Albert I amBehold,well thispleased.is my (Matt.beloved3:17.)Son, in whom annualAprilgeneral Smith, President Tabernacle

Clark, and PresAnd so, out of the supplication, and ident McKay, the prayers, and the works of a hummembers of the ble boy, used as the instrument in the It is true that when the members of

Council of the hands of God, the Church of Jesus that assembly came together there was

Twelve, and all Christ was restored to the earth, and some dissension, some differences of who have adthe gospel in its fulness and simplicity opinion, but one day there arose among dressed us, and was returned for the salvation and them an old patriot who made the suglistened to the exaltation of the Lord's children. gestion that as the assembly open each

most inspiring And along with the restoration, there day they supplicate God for his help music, the came the priesthood of God whereby to the end that they might have wisthought came we might enjoy leadership inspired by dom. And God was supplicated, and

into my mind, "Count your many revelation; men who are humble and as the great Gladstone said:

blessings, count them one by one, and men who have but one desire, and

Constitution of is States the United The see done."the has what Lord is that serve that to in such God a way

greatest off ever stricken document by people. are have a blessed We We they the might for most do good his thethe time. hand period given of in a of man in blessing of the the membership for the repeople world. and

Christ. thestored of Church Jesus Lord

there another And was man who leaderdivinely authorized enjoy aWe I sought this great the think of wisdom from of God. founders That "\I7hen ship will receive of the mind and who * leader the preserved Union; I who namegreat republic, think of George Father. the our Heavenly have We ly, Lincoln, a Abraham is man was who question but Washington. There no citizenship in privilege enjoying of a scorned in held disdain and even by in of instrument he what an was God republic.great the privilege nave We those closely were associated with who the nation the founding of a where associatingof as another with one him. the battle of the when day And restored might Church and where be sisters in the truebrethren of sense and of Gettysburg came, he composed, was the gospel returned to might be manfamilies. term.the our have We We he calm. battle the After was over was is kind, this nation because founded blessings that so time doeshave many victory the and been had General won, great the cornerstone the gosof upon all. to permitnot enumerate them Sickles asked the question: him pel, free "How that of But, agency. namely think ever have But stopped to we it that to was so be seemed you calm there unfortunately, are those among all blessingsthat of these have come and the rest composed of us when that believe us us have would who faith, else'sto of us because someone

is worried?"here were the anAnd unbelievGeorge an Washington was else's else's work,someone someone that great of to swer the general. man I if er; tell to that but a want you man I thisprayers? of think never Church he: Said the help ever of had Almighty God, its organization but thereand what

that the Father of counour was man story the to of mindcomes a boy my pinch In the of there, your campaign up try. I think of Forge, him at Valley as to confused church was which everybody panicstricken whenwho seemed and

at standing the head of hungry, a tell could join. nobody to in going should what the studying washe hapAnd scriptures, he came upon that memoragged, cold army—discouraged, many pen, oppressed by the gravity of our afrable admonition found in James, of them returning to their homes. fairs, I went to my room one day and

locked the door Washington with and got had down to work upon mywherein the Lord said this: George before Almighty to and prayed God that a Continental unknees Congress was

If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask able to supply him with the sinews of him mightily for victory at Gettysburg. I

that this his, told him our was war and all thatof liberally giveth to God, men that sure and war. George Washing- I am

his cause, cause that could not stand we it shall not; upbraideth him. given be and ton, in that hour, realized that in and another Fredericksburg or Chancellorsville. let faith, in nothing But him ask waverof himself victory; could never he gain I there and to Then solemn a made vow is ing. like that wavereth For he a wave

is being Godfearing and there a man, if that Almighty stand he God would byof driven the sea tossed. with the wind and

(James 1:5-6.) no question but what he sought wisour boys at Gettysburg, I would stand by

dom from on high; and he received it, him, and he did stand by you boys, and I

This fourteenyear-old boy took this because thereafter, this same ragged will stand by him. And after that, I don't

admonition to heart, and going out army defeated the haughty Cornwallis know how it was, and I cannot explain it, a soon crept sweet comfort into my soul. theinto he supplicated woods, it and possible God at Yorktown made feeling that came to The the had taken God implicit; that inwith a faith and was the open this great up whereby way business into whole his hands, own and

that prayer, to the Eternalanswer I in republic citiGod which enjoy you and that things right at would Gettysburg, go

Father and his Son appeared to him zenship was founded. and that was why I had no fears about

that same God that Adam knew, the And I think of those who framed the you.

God of Moses, and Abraham, and JaConstitution of the United States. They

cob, and all of the other ancient servwere prayerful men; for the Lord This great man followed the admoniants of the Lord—that same God who made it known to the Prophet Joseph tion of James, too, and sought wisdom

spoke from the heavens when his Son, that he permitted the Constitution to from on high; and as a result of his

Jesus Christ, was being baptized in be established by good and wise men. {Continued on gage 296)

MAY 1949 295 (Continued page from 295) his prayers, thefaith and army at GetPRAYER prayin solvingand askour theproblems."Lord for his direction

final thetysburg able achieve to was I rehand, a have the other On follow the should of admonition Jamesvictory. chilthe of a where home membrance

continually for seek and wisdom God little I pray. to taught too, then, That of think piodren were the And high. from said on has For the Lord should they taughtneers, trek they the as great them how made

his to us through Prophet: concept proper the the the plainsacross through them and

of story the defiles told of them these motherpray—givingofrugged She mighty God. mounyourselves; Organize prepare every

tains. It is said in the diaries of some needful thing; and establish a house, even the appearance of God, the Father,

of them at the close of each day, a house of prayer, a house of fasting, a and his Son to Joseph Smith. That

"Brigham Young and his associates house of faith, a house of learning, a gave the children the proper concept went to the highest hill and there suphouse of glory, a house of order, a house of of God. They knew that they were

plicated God for direction."It seemed God. (D. & C. 88:119.) praying to a God with body, parts, and

that the heights, liked to they on pray hills. the the mountains,on and I have And there is no reason why every Latwaspassions.a God Heof love;was herealwasto athem.God whoHe

sometimes thought that the reason for terday Saint home should not be a could hear and answer prayers. In later

that was that they not only wanted to house of God; for, in most instances, years this little mother became very

get close to God spiritually, but they also there stands at the head of every Latill. Her children stood outside of the

wanted to get near to him physically. terday Saint home a servant of Alhouse beside her bedroom window,

holding mighty the priesthood and God Finally, her screams. so they prayers heard out of their and and seekingAnd

the right to call having upon God and fordivine the other: said to "Let us pray from one on high, wisdom it was

possible for them to find this place in supplicate him for the benefit and the Mother."They couldn't go into the

the and for blessings withthe that the house reserved good of those who house because had was filled West God his reside within household. to help, their prayers,them; out of older people were trying and work, who

and divine wisdom, you and I today and the only place left was the coal are living in one of the grandest places '"The Lord has made it plain to us shed. These two youngsters, one

upon the whole earth. that if we are not a prayerful peoeleven and the other thirteen, went into

ple, if we fail to remember the king the coal shed, and kneeling down this land, lose of Christ, can Jesus we coal, supplicated facing of with another are lumps the day among nowVWe all blessings. of these should their that We would mother to the end problems. God have now "'more We to the harken words of Amulek when night before came this be restored. nation And the to time whencome

stands at the crossroads. A road, he said to his people: on, that little mother was restored.

this healed. of does all it if She to was followwhich, What we continue I if it that unto Yea, not were say you the It that of because means mean? will question, the take uswithout down for righteous, the are of the prayers who

chilthat her taught fact had mother a of socialismpath Let and communism. that in the land, even would now now ye

me say to you that once we are in the be visited with utter destruction; yet it dren to pray, in the hour of her exshackles of either one of these, we will would not be by flood, as were the people tremity, with full faith in God, her

lose our free agency and merely bein the days of Noah, but it would be by children called upon him to bless their come the pawns of lustful, godless famine, and by pestilence, and the sword. mother and preserve her, and God

it is the of righteous the prayers But by prayer, that anand heard it was is the leaders. time This and day

if therefore, spared; are ye ye now swered. this leaders nation the ofwhen the and willthat righteous cast from out you among

all this citizens of great counas of us that children teach our should his will We then the hand; but stay not Lord

try should follow the admonition of in his fierce anger he will come out against prayer is a privilege and not a duty.

James, seek wisdom from on high, diyou; then ye shall be smitten by famine, We should teach them to pray from

vine guidance, that we may be able to and by pestilence, and by the sword; and their hearts and not from their lips

time is soon at hand except ye repent. solve prethe national our problems and rote. should to pray and not by We

10:2223.) (Alma for serve generations unborn the same gratitude of utter prayers to teach them

citizenship blessings of freedom and all for that blessings the to we God it that so to seems what me And I that enjoyed. and you have not generosity, of

is fair this in of ours a land need enjoy—prayers we things I the thinking about thrilled so years ago we much few some was prayerfulness, of shining and example

for I those need, but praying or senator States a heard want Unitedwhen the are people Saints the Latterday distress. in not are need a Prayers that every he say morning few and who the to to exemplify chosen are who short long; his small into rather of a should be they companions went be prayer. the of Every world power

out. in to there Building, the thought well point Capitol the and and androom Saint a be should Latterday home

If of prayer, direction. will for establish supplicated houses they we God altar of the of pray- I house where God,

is will that reprebe- question that there they of every no our onewould is in er the proper use ever where and faith; glory; in sentatives national the of assembly houses of houses come

is in set to children supour example

Spirit his day. supplicate of houses Just holy because everywould God; God for plicating in divine guidance God that, in there surely as as they will in abide such would and do homes come all endeavors. the of our For Lord

that rich to in that these wisdom,would abundance. come them homes And us: said to again has

direction,divine spirit unity, preserve will find the the which of would we this nation as a great republic and also And they shall also teach their children spirit of cooperation, the spirit of symthe principles for which it stands. to pray, and to walk uprightly before the pathy, the spirit of kindness, and the

Now, you and I have some definite Lord.... spirit of love.

I give unto a them commandment And responsibilities responsibility sisters, in these Brethren dark and too—the his bethat observeth prayers that not he will that prayerful, reof being hours, supplicate sure we if we God I am thereof, fore the let him in the season Lord

in those in our prayers guide centuries ago, indicatedmember who James in of as before the judge had remembrance be and direct the destiny of this nation my people. (D. & C. 68:28, 33.) full faith, we can be instrumental in

to the end that God will touch their preserving all of the rights and privihearts, and out of it all we will be able Only a short time ago I was in a leges given to us in this great governto follow that path laid down by home in which an aged grandmother ment of ours. We can further the

George Washington, and the path of said to me: "I am most unhappy. In cause of the Master. We can teach

Abraham Lincoln, to the end that we this home we have nothing but the the gospel of peace, and help Almighty may follow it for our own happiness spirit of disunity. We do not seem to God to consummate his plans before

and joy and for those who shall follow be able to agree upon anything. There the coming of the King of kings.

after us. is a negative spirit here, and I can tell I pray we will follow the advice of

Of all the people in the world, we you why we have that spirit. We have the Lord given to us again through the

should be the most prayerful; we it because We cannot get together and (Concluded on page 312)

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Seek And Ye Shall Find"

BY President Smith, President Clark, We can enjoy the Spirit of the Lord

President McKay, and my other by the gift of the Holy Ghost that we beloved brethren of the General Vkome VJ>. Isaacson have heard of, just a moment ago, by

Authorities, sisbrothers and and my isters: I can assure that this you inOF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC drawPresidentnear McConkie,unto him andif welive willthe comonly

deed a strain and certainly a shock mandments of our Father in heaven, whenever one's name is called to Address delivered at the Monday and if in our thinking, and we must speak. President Joel Richards just afternoon session of the 119th watch our thinking, and in our study

handed me a note, as my name was annual general conference, and in our work we can understand the called, and I hope you'll all say the April 4, 1949, in the love of our Father in heaven, to that same thing silently, and if you'll parTabernacle degree only can we partake of that don me, I'll read his sweet spirit. The

note: "Thorpe,"he Lord has said to us,

says, "I'm praying "If you will seek aftfor you, and I know er me, you shall sureGod will bless you."ly find me,"and if

It is always a worwe desire to partake ry when one is called Df the blessings of the upon to occupy this Lord, we can find the position: it is to me, Lord. Spirituality is

at least. Sometimes, I as essential to a

know I shouldn't man's soul as vitaenvy, but sometimes mins are to a man's

I do envy my brethbody.

ren who can come up here and appear so Decently I received composed and so a letter from an comfortable, and I inactive member of only pray that the the Church, and, oh,

Lord will help me I love those men. I

during the next few know they have bemoments that I stand come dilatory and inhere. active, but if they

I do believe in are given a chance, prayer, and I realize by the help of God that without the help they have been magof the Lord we can nified in their calling.

do very little. The Recently a man sent

eagerly anticipated converts gatherof Thousandsfirst that time I was letter a I to me, and in Saints with the time. at conference Zion

called the up here B. Isaacson like exingThorpe of Presiding the helps Bishopric would to read

places the ready of meetingperience that I didn't was such for these great sessions one paragraph: know

well as for other Church activities. I as steps. those got uphow I ever

activities ambitions and have My beenthought easier get as a little it would directed to the things of the material more speak the upon when Holy by movedexperiences came, get it doesn't but nature, but now, as a result, restlessshall shall scripture, a the Ghost be be for me.any easier ness disturbs of peace mind. will of my shall of the the Lord, mind be the

We are assembled in this great Lord, shall be the word of the Lord, shall house of the Lord so that we can parbe the voice of the Lord, and the power Oh, that those men could become actake of his Spirit, so that we can be of God unto salvation. (D. & C. 68:4.) tive in the Church and do away with

that restlessness feel that to disturbs theirmade humble more and more

I that sure as Saints Latterday am of peace mind.charitable, that truly so can worwe seers, sustain these prophets, when we centuries For aship philosophy our Father. has Eternal God, been We revelators, that and are they know we at gnawing the soul ofare here to eating man, testimony to bear the into

the speaking inspiration under the of his spiritual fibre, of in a philosophygoodness that our Father to heaven faith Almighty. strong our so be May proposes to build us. society a are inspirain here receive to which We that this. will accept we is sufficient in mantion himself, counsel. are to here and but a be We inclined are Sometimes questo we great educator has recently Spirit taught.advised "the written, Surely and

it is tion revelation inspirawhether or I and quote: is fire likeof here a burning"God tion, that's but because our sometimes

it this at session has of been every faith in for is search the waver. Nothing world The on. may God sees Oneconference. inspiration of and Words it it is everywhere, and faith. growing. the can take of place good, Yes, are We of revelation spokenwords been have to coming that life know modern lacks faith. sincere, simple will Talent not so will spoken. are here beand something. We full have man a may A bank is nothing in more our world common faiththat in Eternal our our Faof God full library and money a of books, but than unsuccessful many have men who is hether great increased. cannot be be There without may the happy Spirit

talent. will great Genius is of God. not—unrecominginspiration in to that the revelation Man he and know

is genius the score almost warded by cannot depend altogether science. on I like today, to Man andChurch would

proverb. a will Education has learned last at that its science has not—the the from Covenantsquote Doctrine &

is limitations full that socalled of and only world educated God, our men Father just the regarding mes- a few words in is heaven, unlimited. the point derelicts. At beand even educated in Faith yesterreceived thatsages have we which science yond cannot go, stands God the in Christ Lord the Jesus misand will that today and andday we unchangeable, forever. and now is his resion of allpowerful. Carlyle Son timeceive every and Wednesday,

said: has I quoting from am scian in eminent of the the Lord meet namewhen we

The chief aim of man is to glorify God entist recently when he was asked:

And whatsoever they [our leaders] shall and enjoy him forever. {Concluded on page 298)

MAY 1949 297 to pay attention to those beautiful "SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND"things; and then to the wives, I wonder when you last told your husband

(Concluded from page 297) it possible for them to overcome their that you loved him. Maybe if you

"In what line of research do you exshortcomings. would do that a little oftener, it would

pect to see the greatest development in Recently, a man said to me, talking be a little easier for us to say: "Well,

the next fifty years?"He answered: of tithing, "I can't afford to pay tithso do I."

ing under my heavy tax structure to

I think greatest discoveries will the be the under government and heavy my for blessing grateful the T very am lines. spiritual along peomade Someday I if expenses,"and people wondered

in that to has that work will ple come things material learn me not my do are to beginning to think say and and

I little bring happiness that they of are and that love with and and honor men to or whether not afwonder can we in creative use and making men women life respect. enriched has been My ford the serve to Lord. cannot scientists of We powerful. the theand Then the in association of with two my I afford to not the serve Lord. have their will laboratories turn to overworld

I that known. greatest ever have men life the never the in prayer, of study that a and and known man God my their is It to of partake pleasure a spiritual yet, which, forces as been have tithing honest that the paid or kept an

I spirit. encouldn't for ask more scratched.hardly that comes, day When that the of said commandments Lord

I received than couragement have -will the see greater world advancement it. I for sorry he our was hope when

it Richards Bishop in in Bishop the and from than seen has generation one are thinking of a mission young menlast four (Steinmetz.) generations. I times Wirthlin. have known Many will not or not whether wonder we we follies. times seen they have Many my afford to can mission. send on a them

I shortthey seen have have known my spirituality will to accept come Men tithafford to not cannot our pay We a but given they comings, have me their their ofas soul part part of and ing, afford cannot to these not send we that the slap back, and made on meliving. President Clark once As missions, afon young cannot men we little bit just harder, try and to a want instated: has placed every "God to the ford not keep commandments;

all the Authorbrethren the of General divine heartman's never spark a which if will to try and humble become we ities great are and men. good it out."timeswholly goes may Many prayerful, the will help and us Lord

will the speaking people have dimmed. I hope that yoube I am now our shortcomings. to overcome May each

tell as inactive they to accept in the what you of the goodsome men of us be thoughtful and tolerant with faith

Church. Oh, I would plead with them the man sitting next to us or to the the word of the Lord, because they

seers, revelators, prophets, arethat and of they and can overcome some is or to the the neighbor inactive man who

Iflittle servants Father. Eternal things the that are keeping out them of God that his in the Church, touch can we

of the Church, and that they will not heart so that he can share some of our faith ever wavers to the point feel that we who are perhaps spending the blessings that we are privileged to where we cannot accept their teachings a lot of our time in the Church are so enjoy. as the word of the Lord, then we

shouldcritical join that and ourselves and humble can't go they of us them relationships Family have we—to to the Eternal activities Father different pray functionsin our and God

beautiful so remarks heard about many

I feeling that like kind from of takein think the to of Church. away Mat-

I like the family. to a say would word us. those to bethew, and have men who wives. about our in inactive, said the has Lordcome to testimony bear you I want my

I grateful wife. to very am myMatthew: I is I I that Father; know know God my

life don't what would know have my that his Christ Son, our Jesus was

I if did not been wife a have a and of learn you, and Take upon yoke I my eldest brother; that Joseph know

that stood has companion with I for heart: in meme; and lowly meek am I of a prophet Smith God; was know

I find rest shall souls.and discouraged, unto even have ye been your when is there inspiration in tothe Church

11:29.) I (Matthew felt I even confidence. had when no realize. stronger than day perhaps we

I I her. grateful to express cannot am inspiration revelation and That may

is is I rest that the the love andThat to love her her and much how how it unrecorded, nevertheless but has is I spirit that that the those her.and think of men asked much man me be A the been the of spoken prophets by

findwill into the they recently: back love come when wife?"you your "Do I if Lord, sometimes and wonder we

is I I spirit that for waitingChurch, said: and love "Yes, wife."my And spirit faith the have to the true and

just realizethem as as soon they can did he said: you tell wife your "When

itthat they not themselves absent should her?"loved Well, you made me recognizetion from itourasFatherinspirationin heaven.and revela-

a quitefurther from activity. think. a while It was ago when May the Lord bless each of you that in all sincerity I told her that I loved

of those be mindful you have may who if her, are wondering too I and like just we I am to say a"Tow, would word

I not blessed as have. been you am

if in this in leave world, and busy we to the people, the young young referring particularly to those who the saying without mornings goodbye people, adolescentmarried the not in inactive have the become Church if wives, leave to our I wonder that we of the thosepeople but Church, for too, another. or reason some They,

are about to be married. You should without kissing them goodbye, and I are waiting for the blessings that you

be careful in your social life today; wonder if we come home at night and and I have been privileged to enjoy.

circles in toyes, business even your fearful never that say a word. I am for grateful this the of bishops I am that will practicesday, not adopt you inclined fast living are to be too we I Church. our people hope can draw will feel as thoughwhich make you

I is to them. there believe near not do

in the active cannotyou become in the will a bishop that give Church

It is for to absent so easyChurch. you

I advice. unsound anybody not do activitiesyourselves from Church

is believe there in the bishop any little things that you do youwhen know are contrary to the teachings. How easy it is to live by the Church that will steer anybody wrong,

My experience with men has been that truth. Did you ever think of it, and I hope that our people and our

when they are not active, they are my friends? Did you ever think inactive men in the Church may get to

that things to they domore likely our bishops sisters? know and love them for In brethren and of it, my

in they activewouldn't were do if are. they what the every circumstance of life, no matChurch.

So, to those good men, may I plead ter whether among the humble or May the Lord bless you this day with them to seek activity in the lofty, truth is always the surest and during the coming sessions of this

Church and the help of the Lord, and guide and the easiest to square our conference, I pray in the name of the combination of the two will make lives by.—Brigham Young. Jesus Christ. Amen.

THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE [Continued horn page 286) manded their horses; they would have One * them gave Jess Smith twentytween the high cliffs of Cottonwood, them; their resolution had been crystalfive dollars in greenbacks for a widethey crossed a sandy bench to the lizing all night; and they could make rimmed hat. Another gave fifty for a

northwest and stopped on a hill overno compromise. They intended to get similar hat without the least idea how

looking a valley by Boiling Spring, their stolen animals or fight to the last much he was paying. They made lavAcross from them on the long sloping man. The possibilities, even the probisn offers with worthless printed matrock above the spring, they saw a abilities, looked perilous indeed, but ter which they took to be money,

community of fires, like stars in the the loss was already perilous. Their The fact of the matter was, a Mr.

darkness. failure to meet this sharp issue would Smith, a horsebuyer, had come from

Faintly on the night wind as they mean utter failure of their entire projsomewhere in Colorado accompanied listened, they caught the weird chant ect in San Juan. by a Mr. May, to buy Mr, Thurman's

of the Piute war song. It rose to their Guns flashed into position for use. horses, and had brought with him

ears and died away on the wind, but Old Baldy shoved a triggerless fortymoney for the purpose, checks not bethey could mark the heavy beat, the five calibre sixshooter against Lem in9 as acceptable in faraway San Juanlusty volume of many voices—the spirRedd's stomach and was ready to distnen as now. For some time the Piutes

it of exultation, of defiance. charge it with a stone he carried for nad contemplated Thurman's fine

The big drive of horses was perhaps that purpose. Lem Redd held his pistol horses with the worst of intentions,

scattered between them and the fires, in position to kill the Indian if he out when they became aware of the but it was too dark to hunt among started to bring that stone into action. money carried by Smith, they figured

them. They would have to wait there Jess Smith and Amasa Barton had tne Plum was ripe for plucking, and

till morning, and to get along without countered other Piute guns with their tnev left no one ive to tel1 Just now fires since that would advertise their own to make any killing a mutual aflt was accomplished. After the killing

presence to their enemies. Shifting fair. they ransacked everything looking for

which they could not teU from their saddles side in tofrom side m?ney

paper. at the while theystanding gazed by or now—theJust a thinweightjiffy ofwasthingsall it infernallacked

distance, lights they in thedread hung hair. suspended a on hair If the, n lL(., e SpeU t'it.that their 9 of getting chances yuthfulspeculated on broke, rid it might the world of a *THEvoice the high from too rock was to shot without beingtheir horses ribdozen Piute braves, but surely it would

bons. Yet, they had firmly resolved to stop at nothing less than the slaughter fine a 9 to linger long in the hearts

have those horses, for without them of every white man in the valley, and * Henry's people, their hands reeking foreof the wtt*1 Dlood tne middle afoot, helpitthey be stranded, would then turn would with fury on the the to all deep tnev -nad%averted theirless. fort. now to change the No time Where was magic to noon now

minds about it; any lack of firm ansave them from doom? This crisis had grooves of their savagery. As they

swer to this bold challenge would shatcome like a whirlwind, leaving no moved on up the valley of the Butler, ter their prestige and leave them helpchance for any interfering influence driving their stolen horses and loaded

,,. their plunder, with they. found a, few murderers. less these of the at mercy.ly c a Suddec vo Pierced cattle the belonging the of to people thetne eleveneleven ofot f j waswas? oneone menmen Evervevery alr> ing lo ioud and.shriU.. jt and of these shot thev some y both. gun, or a Yet i toi i i f nfot ton**tone,armed—a 'almns*almost cnt-.orV,,,*,,superhuman, nraencvurycncv fall,i see others they caught and them n(> rv *manorpistol, sfmValstoicalmatter,.everyone no howhow u*knew and vibxant with or appeal, command mutilatedmutiiatea tortured savaaesavage withwitn and and it in words, sayingly refrained from he arrested everv 2 evervevery 'checked"tta adelight. forth raced back and 4EThey motionmo?on *if lY inin hishis thethe jeopardyieooardv whichwnicnfhatthat firearmshrearms ubreath. the Highuon rock above them hills b the over horsesnorses on inm Thurman's1.!lu bring,, but a tmdn weredayhqht mock would ( e- tnev V saw thethe slenderslenrW fagurefiffl, nof *uthe fitat ubilation. a of drunkenj to of a Xu anv menace youth 'extended, arms hands HenrY'w? c theirineix trailtrail intointo secretsecret wentwent bvoy hone??P uL 7 Theviney,andS. Sthevictorv old2 ethics shootit-out of 1thewith oe head and outstretchedoutstretcn ead thrrvamthrown as V,=,L-back,ed the fastnesses of Mountain, Elk known If in the the Piuteswarfare mornina f 9 e thetland strongest emotions of Pd at th to that onl time them and 'th utterCtcSfcd he cosX m0rnin9 **** mt there waited a hopfng month someoni lessnes;-to fc ZnSd '< folfoolish to try to be enough would.,,. to friends, generous to and be make ( n Uted lo th them * a. their accordingly, thenexception doom,is,W?U gfng? -n 1**Sf PUring SV,.*.,S liT soldiers to hunted of an also the as Ur sealed, cowPunchers was doomwas?"J SiSJ Pi fnends! thelr?T!LGlve riSKt.them horses! in they gone, nd had where and May in waiting ones the loved defenseless

fort Furtherfear that dignity at the anxiety and It was of command to y fJJnd themtheatIndiansLaSal. madeIn theafightbig not if there benevowhich yield somemore, instinctively were \ at followed men even

lent Deity fighting their battles for though they may hate themselves for ki"ing, fourteen to sixteen men, and their but one number. Beown f the it; of they the scheme lapse them, then whole back to the when vicious lof ides the with folly perlevel it madness mission from and raised which was them. theY 9ot. fhorses, saddles, packoutfits,, the thefwaY, m, sonified 1 he cocked guns lowered, their. from. everything the about and cowpunchersHPhe gray dawn showed the valley deathset aim—the spell was broken, had brought with them.

s stood by 1 full m silence as they spent the spring of horses had Having and summer T selected exwn"e Tw f ntyelevenbravMormons the their camptheir fights pected. with the raids and and the dawn And their with

fires on the rock blazed into new life, horses from the numerous band, even prodigal disposition of their rich voices could be heard and the barkhorses which the Piutes had stolen plunder, they returned in the fall to ing of dogs. The Bluff men rode down long before and had been using as the fort with the glory and satisfacfrom their place of long vigil and betheir own. tion f having killed more than sevengan gathering their horses out of the In that band with which the Inteen white men since the first of April,

scattered herd. dians had come were many blooded They still had hats, clothing, saddles,

Sharp eyes from the camps spied American horses. The Mormons knew guns, horses, and money they had

them in their first motion, and down now that something was surely wrongl gained in the fascinating game of murfrom the sloping rock with angry yell, And those Piutes had harnessstraps, der. When the arm of the law failed

hair flying wildly behind, came twenty workhorse bridles, clothing, and other to reach out and demand the stipulated or more Piutes on their cayuses at top things which they must have taken by price of the good time they had been speed. With drawn guns they dashed a raid on some ranch or town. One having, they became more chesty than

up to the men of the fort, demanding of them had a watch. They also had before, more insolent, more ugly, more

that they get away from the horses money, great wads of it, and no more dangerous as neighbors, and be gone. The men of the fort denotion than a baby what it was worth. (To be continued)

MAY 1949 299 ir i Hi) FROMII TEMPLE SQUARE By RICHARD L EVANS

Jhe rmmediate J-rlce \Jn <Jji5reaardina WhatAnonumiitCometimes people want to do things At some time or other, perhaps evthat they don't want to seem to be "eryone asks himself: Why should J(nMOW

I rules? the to should I conform for. Why responsible wantpersonally They feel that often avoid would we \17e ideals? maintain standards and Why responsibility. the resultthe without if only mistakes making knew we threatened should promises the or devices to various resort so theyAnd this future. the Certainly about more rehereafter of a punishments remote impersonalattempt to they whichby it isn't is so, certainly but sometimes life? strict this old of Maybe way my

ize their actions. Sometimes, for examadage about virtue's being its own always so, as evidence of which we

ple, when people want to say something reward is just an oldfashioned idea. need only remind ourselves how often

in perto hesitate saythat they line are to this answers There many about ignore what we we know—both questionable the to resort for questioning, son, they of but suppose the present the the and how future—and letforget heaven writing and about anonymouspractice of an moment we ignore those often things which we

ter. An anonymous letter is a kind of the hereafter, and confine our answers the past has taught us about the fupositively to about what know we It is that thing. somethingcowardly in ture. future the already know We It for has, ourselves here and now. the he hasn't behinda when man hides principle. once have which Causes established as example, physbeen a his identified with tocourage be own specific effects again be produced may fact, iological that negative such say to wantconvictions. may He effects. the to expected produce same jealhate, anger, as emotions worry, and

critical or or unkind damsomething the is law. the of But process This subwithin those generate us ousy

aging or derogatory, but he doesn't stances which can and do impair our fact that the future may in some degree want to have his own ideas traced physical and mental wellbeing. Even be judged by the past does not prevent

back to him. Of course, opinions from to the skeptic this can now be demonour repeating the mistakes of the past

people who don't want to be responstrated. And it isn't necessary for an and disregarding its lessons. Even

sible for their opinions aren't worth herald from heaven to pronounce the when the prophets have forewarned much. Another technique of attempting penalty. Anyone who hates his neightheir people concerning future consebor, mental must anyone make who personal impersonalizeto rejected quences, they been have more is his exfor misconduct, excuses own is of the use ity to name a group—andresponsibilnot. often Furthermore, often than we relentless operation periencing of the the whole so, of in many, the minds full mistakes, repeat our knowing own as punishment, of and the laws reward responsible be to appeargroup may that well mistakes; are they and much affect day. every they every And man

viewpoint. unauthorizedfor man's one certainty, is with even is of posnegatively also true true what know what we

Or a man may impose his opinion on itively. In an atmosphere of trust, of about the present, we often ignore in

an organization with which he has good will, of kindness, and of good practice. We know many of the rulessome influence—and then disclaim any conduct there is an observable tenof health, but often fail to observe

action the for responsibility physicalpersonal mental dency and toward the of rules of them. many know We

its is wellbeing, bearing treatment has unfair on whichinstigated. Thus fail live happiness, often but to by

wrestle with health happiness. and To to from to comefrequently seem made if that disregard them. know we We conscience, gnawing, detroubled a it actually whereas crowd,a may shall law, the consequences pay we is of a punishment void which peace, or person from only one fromemanate still there are disrebut many who fire scriptural brimstone can and no Also, of the crowd. part small aonly It the then, law. gard seem, would its toll physicaltakes equal, and which

in the places worldthere are many that past, alone, of the knowledge ly, spiritually. mentally, course and Of technique the acquired havewhere men present, the or future, is not the does that for fact there the authority good

of making their opinions seem to come rewards and punishments are not conkeep us from making mistakes, because from the people who are actually befined wholly to the present. Sometimes we disregard so much of what we do

ing imposed upon. Thus duped or the mills of the gods grind slowly. know. This admission leads to the conto often minorities are madecoerced it is justice not that seems Sometimes that clusion greater the of knowledge

if the voicing as they weresound it life. this should in done And why is It future not need. urgent our most regardless people. theopinion But of left for to answer be so have be may is correct to important more know the of result, regardless theof and this world. But the of bounds beyond principles to them, than and observe this should the or means,method we project to not care to those do who it is to fufacts about the more know responsibility: actual to asknow their present their We thinking beyond ture. principles will correct Observing in anything which impersonalizecannot life's to those expectancy, want who spiritually, materially save us but and willingly or knowingly ourselves willwe to course given a only what know merely future the knowing then and to or anything whichparticipate we it let for be here now, and them do correct ignoring principles will never ourrelieve cannot consent.give sense, in real that, every said very a We save anyone. the commandknow To hiding actionsselves of our by own its punishbrings reward and day own to the to ments them, and keep know are responsible anonymity.behind the righteousness of ment. work We "And life rules live will of to lead and them set that acts the ideasfor on and we effect rightof shall the peace; and be certainty the to glorious of future a to. give assent thattheir or we way for quietness assurance eousness and

all or not whether 1 know now we we is there ultimately, noActually and ever."

it. like to would about know repersonal to impersonalize our 1949. 13,way—Match

—March 20, 1949.sponsibility. Revised—March 6, 1949. Hsaiah 32:17 Revised

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

than they cost—even though by our they bring effort and heartache, and

<JJi5clpune for <=&-iwin own choice we would avoid them if difficulty, and disappointment. We

we could. Even as there are few chilmay still ask why; we may rebel; we

Tone of us can count with certainty dren who would not at some time may honestly believe that we ouron any prolonged period of tranprefer to avoid going to school, with selves are the best judges of what of its happiness; discipline learning, us pains and of give some would and goits quility. to things be seem When

satisthat find so, there likewise, an adults are answer never but us few maying have them as go about would we to fies this grave. side the of prefer But at us time not some would who it last that at might seemswhen we

if not disthe of answer, the the avoid problems to us will come each and live to according our relax and own plans and purposes, it so often happens cipline of life. But the great Teacher now, then later. We have a long time that uninvited events quickly change of all men, the Father of us all, someto learn—eternity, if necessary—but

the pattern, despite our best planning. how sees that we get our share of the blessed are we if we learn early to

faith, life fit comes, of life, as it have and to us meet to fashion and to that lessons it should be so is a questionWhy control, our events for things beyond to move according to come, our when is difficult often to answer. asked and

Certainly part of the answer is to be needs and nature. And we may conthat we shall find ultimate compensastrength experience, with for every fidently that lives tion conclude he who fact in the that if found everywe had

it, our difficulties, with life just growing out of and as he plans misses much, thing there are our way, many own developing experiences which we because the things we don't plan for understanding growing out of our diswould surely spare ourselves. There ourselves are often just as necessary appointments.

are many things we learn at great cost to our happiness as the things we do Revised which later prove to be worth more plan—even if they are harder, even if—Match 27, 1949,

TUTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nation- a * wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

FROM A PROPHET TO HIS PEOPLE

(Continued from page 267) were good men and women, but there had not had one up to that time, and one of my dear aunts, Lucy M. Smith, were a few who objected to the gospel he offered me the position in the Land

I stood up and bore my testimony. I of Jesus Christ being taught as the Office of Receiver of Public Monies

told that audience that I was glad to Lord desires us to teach it. Some and Special Disbursing Agent. Before

belong to the Church of Jesus Christ, of our missionaries were brutally that I had worked for the GrantOdell for I believed it was the true Church, whipped. During the period of time Company in the yard putting up wagand I wanted to be worthy of my before I went there, several were ons and other equipment, and when I

membership in it. killed. I had the experience myself of was offered the position of Receiver

I office, the in States in bullets lying the while United whistled was bed Land since things happened have Many first for appointworking Z.C.M.I. buildthe surrounded overhead. mob My A I I picture a give couldthen. you wish President from ment William came fired sleeping and ing where were we eyes before passed hasof what my the McKinley, next from one and came fell Splinters into corners. four the

I since began mind throughand my President Roosevelt. Theodore I hurt. us, labored but was nobody

I to over privileged earth. life here was on

I the direction attended general the of conferences Elder Golden under J.

I the Sunday attended school. togo presithat in this great Kimball. held mission semiannually a were was He

School and the Mutual Improvement dent. I came home and continued my building. I used to edge my way in

Association in the Seventeenth Ward. life work, having been benefited by the and sit down on the stairs at the left.

used to fast I meeting and attended career. experience missionary there would The house be full, and of my

to building Sunday on to thiscome weren't saloons the seats for everybody. There were and gambling On

delivered by the sermonshear in Salt I refer, particular houses City occasion to youth which in my permitted Church. of the I wasleaders in, usual, as some, very but came and worked myI great—not many—butLake Brigham to and attend Provoto go I to into finally the occasion never through them. had got go and I way crowd

Young Academy under Superintendent always felt it would not please my a seat down near the bottom of the

Karl G. Maeser for one year; and the father and mother if I did, and I was stairs. (At that time I was a married

influence of that good man on my life happy to do the things that they man with a family, living across the was so great that I am sure it will enwanted me to do. street, and may I say that having a

dure for eternity. fine Latterday Saint wife was one of

I was ordained a deacon and was After my mission to the Southern the greatest blessings that ever came president of my quorum. When I was States, I was called to work in to me.) Presiding Bishop Charles W.

about fourteen years of age, I read the the auxiliary organizations at home, in Nibley, who was my neighbor, touched fortieth chapter of Alma in the Book both the Sunday School and the Mume on the shoulder and said, "Come of Mormon in our Sunday School tual Improvement Associations, and and sit by me."I said, "There is plenty

class. It made an impression on my later became one of the stake superinof room here."Again he said, "Come

mind that has been helpful when death tendents of the Young Men's Mutual and sit by me. It is more comfortable

has taken loved ones away. I will not Improvement Association. I was also here."If I had known what was going

take time now to read it, but it is one a ward teacher and stake home misto happen during that conference, you place in the scriptures that tells us sionary. I also served as a member of could not have pried me into that seat.

where our spirits go when they leave the general board of M.I.A. That was on Sunday. I had to be

to go tothis wanted body, and I have at in the land office States, because my work of the United The President since. paradise ever place calledthat there people all over, sent from were and McKinley, William word to me

I was called on a mission to the by Governor Arthur L. Thomas that he I could not go to the meetings except

Southern States in the days when great felt that a member of the Church of on Sunday. The following Tuesday,

bitterness motivated some of the peoJesus Christ of Latterday Saints was I came home from the land office to

;ple who lived there. The most of them entitled to a federal appointment. We (Continued on page 302

MAY 1949 301 FROM A PROPHET TO HIS PEOPLE (Continued from page 301) been—- almost everyone. I cannot enmity towards. All men and all

take my children down to the fair at imagine that I could have lived a richer women are my Father's children, and I four o'clock, and Sister Nellie Colelife if I had planned what I wanted have sought during my life to observe brook Taylor came across the street to do during these seventynine years. the wise direction of the Redeemer of

and said, "Oh, Brother Smith, I conmankind, to love my neighbor as mygratulate you."take this occasion now, the Genself. I have had much happiness in life,

I would not exchange I said, "What are you congratulateral Authorities of the Church, the so much that with lived, anybody has ever who and authorities, authorities, stake warding about?"me

that say I do not boastfully but grateof the Church, thank to members you said, She "Don't you know?"fully. the All that happiness has come kindness, love, for your your your

I replied, "I don't know what you help, and your willingness to enable me to me and mine has been the result of are talking about."to do my work, especially at times trying to keep the commandments of

"Why,"she said, "you have just when it has been somewhat difficult. God and of living to be worthy of the

been sustained as a member of the We have a great responsibility restblessings that he has promised those

Quorum of the Twelve."And I talked ing upon us in the various positions who honor him and keep his commandher out of it. we occupy. I say to you men who are ments.

She apologized and said, "I am sorin this audience, who are elders of the God bless you, my brethren and ry. I hope you will forgive me."Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday sisters. Do not make any mistake in

Knowing what my father's experiences Saints, and who have no official posithese days of uncertainty. Stay on the

had been, and having such a nice position, the Lord expects just as much Lord's side of the line. All righteoustion at the land office, I was not lookfrom you. If you expect your blessness, all happiness is on his side of the

ing for a place such as Father had. It ings in the hereafter, you will have to line.

took all his time and kept him away earn them in the same way that the In conclusion, I pray that we may from home so much. men who are ward and stake and Genall so adjust ourselves as we pass

life's through eral theirs. experiences are Authorities earning that can we I "I'll to said, turned wife and my reach feel It is out that thing and to into look a wonderful hold our we childrentake the to go and now down Father's I is hand. this. the faces of like This a group God's do work. I fair."the But before could get out

is his This It is Church. not the time the soon that know come how may way theto Sister buggy, back Taylor, came our Heavenly I will this that called Father sphere be from has provided to she rushed to "Itand said, up and me us prepare for I action, of eternal time that but comes, happiness. when It youl you!was was Everybody

I that pray all that I will it. right the hope we have earned be of may worthy it."heard

to continue associations just I with my I feel not if right would failed now I I I will felt. never forget how as tosuch are and here men to women express to father's family, my myturned to wife, in she and was my day, those scattered are and who brothers sisters, and family my own I is tears. the received That way my the living throughout world are who have been close so who all to these me Inotice that sustained had been as a the of Christ. gospel Jesus years, gratitude to my for their them the of the ofmember Twelve. Quorum this choir marvelous of helpfulness. young To have They never put anyare the of experiences These some people, College thing of from in Ricks Rexthe of doing way duty. my my I life; toof a short to want and say I burg, I Idaho, the say: take comthis Keep And occasion to say to my is it sisters, brethren and ayou good isn't of the brethren, Lord. mandments the There counselors in the Presibetterdeal to years seventynine be if the happiness any worthy of dency you the name Church, these and other

it is fifty old. to thanyoung be years fail is that. to All the "happiness on are do men here this who stand: on "You

I into as as place came humble line. will the side my of Lord's thank never you I know love how much you. We

be. It I could abouta man took me sing here to to for coming not have to words it."express us. We And

feelthree I could before I weeks will to feel that wherever comhope you want you that go way toward every fortable, and that would be another keep in mind that our Heavenly Father son and every daughter of my Heaveninteresting story if I had the time to loves you and has offered you and conly Father, and I can feel that way if tell it. During the period of time I tinues to offer you opportunity to de- I observe his laws and commandments

have held the priesthood, I have velop to be such men and women as and follow his advice.

in milliontraveled miles than a more in will celesentitled to the place a be the That Lord may enable all us to seekingthe the to share gospel world, tial to the association kingdom have so adjust ourselves that the when time is to thatof Christ so precious Jesus love those with throughout you whom for comes us to go hence find we may difficult It forme. never has been me the eternity. ages of our names enrolled in the Lamb's book

fine that thingsto tell the about men I I life of entitling this idea had no when us came to place a in the behave. Sometimes when menwe I that to talk to celestial morning going in was kingdom the companionship

said,longing other to churches have I this. the of like best grateful for the you people am that have lived upon

I said, this,"this have and have"We I life. the earth, of preservation times in pray the my Many of name Jesus

all truth have, that the and you"Keep I Christ, been apparently our have ready Lord. when Amen.

then let me explain to you some of the to go to the other side, I have been things that you do not possess that kept for some other work to be done.

I life sure rich, andhave made am my I to every one that want of you know Address delivered at the Wednesday happy."youwould make I not an that enemy, have is, there do morning session the 119th of is I I in the that one the world no Southern of secretary have any was annual general conference,

I over presided Mission,States and April in 6, 1949, the for and term, a Missionthe European Tabernacle I have been associated with you, my brethren and sisters, and many of your thought I would like to stand in fathers and mothers who have passed the presence of this great audience to the other side, in this marvelous gos- I this morning and congratulate you pel of Jesus Christ our Lord. I would that you are here in the house of the

like to say there has never been one Lord on the birthday of the Church, hour in my life that I can remember the 119th anniversary. And I also hope

that I have had any doubt about this that the more than a million souls now being the work of our Heavenly Faliving that belong to the Church are ther. It has been a joy to me. People remembering that this was a wonderhave been kind to me wherever I have ful event.

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As I saw the blue sky this morning men and women who live upon the before destruction came, but notwithand the glorious sunshine, I thought of earth are in darkness, because they do standing that warning, Jerusalem, one

Parley P. Pratt's wonderful hymn, not have the gospel of Jesus Christ, of the great cities of the world, was

"The morning breaks, the shadows the gospel of light. repeatedly destroyed. Babylon, the

flee; Lo! Zion's standard is unfurled, I trust that the few moments I ocgreatest of all nations at one time, had

The dawning of a brighter day, Majescupy I may have the benefit of your been warned of its wickedness, but tic rises on the world."And if this faith and prayers, that I may be led the people would not do what the

group of people, and those who are to say that which will be a source of Lord wanted them to, and they were associated with the Church who have encouragement and blessing to us all. destroyed.

covenanted with the Lord to do so, We live in a wonderful land, choice will undertake to fulfil that portion of above all other lands, blessed as no Tn our own country when the his prayer where he says: "Thy kingother nation is blessed, and yet we 1 Nephites and the Lamanites were

dom come. Thy will be done in earth, are in danger. Our Heavenly Father warring among themselves, they were

as it is in heaven"(Matt. 6:10) the has told us that there is a law irrevocagiven certain promises if they would

coming of that great day will be hastbly decreed in heaven from before the keep the commandments of God, told ened. It remains for us to bring that foundation of this world upon which that if they did not, destruction would

about, brothers and sisters. every blessing is predicated. If we follow. Then we have that marvelous

swiftly! years Sixtypass so observe the will law, The obtain we

six If the boys—justof the years attending ago I the same blessing. was to observe we fail the boys—whorecord of 2,060joinedLamanitethe army

school that these young men and womlaw, we have no promise. Nephites in order to help preserve

en are now, then called the Brigham As my mind goes back to the beginthemselves and their families, and who

Young Academy. Sixtysix years ago! ning as recorded in Genesis, and folfaced certain death—from any naturalWhen I think of what a wonderful lows down through the centuries that standpoint—because they were opposrecord that school has made and the have since elapsed, I realize that many ing skilled warriors. But they had

blessing it has been to the Church and people have lost the truth and turned been taught by their mothers that God to the people, I am grateful that their to falsehood, thereby losing their would protect them if they would do representatives are here this morning blessings. their duty.

to sing for us and to warm our hearts The Lord has been mindful of his These 2,060 boys, part of the army by their presence. children all the time. He has never of the Nephites, went into battle re-

I don't want to take more time, my punished them, but he has taught them peatedly. The last struggle was so

brethren and sisters, but I just felt I so that they might not be punished by terrible that we are told all were wanted to greet you this morning and their own conduct. Those who would wounded; two hundred of them fainted

say to everyone of you: God bless not listen to God's representatives from the loss of blood. When Helayou; and let us see that every time we were destroyed. On one occasion the man, their commander, saw their enehear or read the prayer offered by the whole population of the world was mies driven away, anxious for his

Savior as a pattern for all of us to wiped out with the exception of a few young charges (he called them strippray, that we keep in mind that it is who listened to Noah, a servant of lings) he went through the battlefield our privilege to be a part of that proGod, who for more than a hundred and gathered the living. He found the

gram when this earth shall be even as years had called the people to repent- 2,060 alive, although many had fainted heaven. ance. Only those who were in the from the loss of blood.

The Lord bless you. Amen. ark were preserved. Helaman, who was amazed at their

We have the instance of Sodom and miraculous preservation, questioned

Gomorrah. Abraham learned that the them. Their response was one of the

Address delivered at the Wednesday cities of the plains were to be destroyed greatest compliments to motherhood to afternoon session of the 119th because of the wickedness of the peobe found anywhere: "We knew our

annual general conference, ple. He pleaded for those who were mothers knew."

April 6, 1949, in the righteous, saying to the Lord, "Surely, They believed what their mothers

Tabernacle you are not going to destroy all of taught them. They had faith in God.

them. people There must be they helped were preserved, some and They who are We live."to to reply families are worthy save their him The from homes and of aThismetisina thesolemnconcludingoccasion.session

great conference. Representatives was, "If there are fifty righteous peodestruction.

are here from many parts of the ple in those cities, they will all be During the great struggle for inin destruction."from the dependence country the under to preserved privileged beenworld. have We asked, leadership of Then "Well, what Abraham George Washington, ourlisten the admonition counsel to and

if if forty?"there are "Yes, are there Father Heavenly preparing the was those of encouragementand who have

if forty,"the answer. restoration for the was of the "Then gospel way Israel. in to called directbeen

thirty.""If in "Yes, if Christ twenty? of its purity. Jesus atthirty?"has sure everyone who I am

sufficient ten If ten?""Yes,"would be certain to gave individuals the edified, He sessions has thesetended been

and our minds have been directed to to hold off the destruction of the cities, inspiration to frame the Constitution there but not ten in those people were of the United States that has been is the of our being. Authorhim who

cities great two were worthy who to referred to in this conference, I the in rejoiced the delightful music have live. the of and members Lot his own greatest of palladium rights that human occasion take this and have had,we

fled, the family then whole community anything about. know this such Under we splendid thatto chorus thank

comes from, what to me, is the greatest was consumed by fire. a Constitution the gospel of Jesus

university in all the world. [Brigham Prophets of the Old Testament Christ was restored to the earth one

Young University, Provo, Utah.] I warned the various communities from hundred nineteen years ago.

know you will pardon me for referring time to time. They were fully warned These facts are part of the history

to it that way, because it was where I of the world, including many more went to school. I hope these young that time will not permit mentioning.

people, from of the chorus members haveBrigham Young University, reBIRCH TREE IN THE RAIN hasThealwayshand beenof ourextendedHeavenlyin loveFatherto joiced in meeting with us as much as By Grace Sayre his children through his prophets who listening in them. to havewe pleaded with to them repent their of fragile bending each stem UPON times. living perilous in are wrongdoing his keep and commandWe We is crystal of beads hung, row A of ments. the eveningare approaching did, they they were When the That, first brisk with the breath of wind,

sixth day. All the world is in confuFall showering to the ground; blessed, and when they failed, they

sion, and unfortunately, as has been And every separate chimebell rings lost their blessings.

the case before, the majority of the With scintillating, jeweled sound. (Concluded on page 304)

MAY 1949 303

FROM A PROPHET 10 HIS PEOPLE ( Continued from page 303 fine a system of government as they condition that there is uncertainty uprE have here on this stand the Holyhave in Russia or Germany or Italy or on every hand. It is our duty not

Bible containing the Old and some other part of the world, notwithonly to obey the commandments of our

New Testament, as well as the Book standing the fact that the Lord himself Heavenly Father but also to pray for of Mormon which is the history of the said that he raised up the very men those who represent the constitutional ancestry of the American Indian. We who framed the Constitution of the law of our land. It is our duty to pray

also have the Doctrine and Covenants, United States and directed that the for those who hold high positions in containing the revelations of God to membership of this Church should pray the states, and in the nation. Why?

flie Prophet Joseph Smith, all availfor and sustain those who represented Because if they can be influenced by able to the children of God. We have the Constitution of this land. I hold in the Spirit of the Lord, and there have

also the Pearl of Great Price containmy hand the Bible and can read the been many cases where they have ing other scripture. Ten Commandments that were given been, the people will receive the blessWe look upon these four volumes to Moses for the guidance of the peoing they need.

as the teachings of our Heavenly Faple wherein the Lord told Moses what Brothers and sisters, we are coming ther, and accept them. There is no the people should live for and do. If to the time when we will return to

teaching in them that any individual those Ten Commandments had been our homes, and I ask you: Where in

in the world belonging to any church lived up to by the people of the world all the world could we have spent the or no church can find fault with. In down to the present time, this earth last five days under sweeter influences

every case the admonition is to make could long ago have been celestialized. than we have enjoyed here in this

men and women better wherever they But the people refused. great Tabernacle? We have been

may be. You know, and I know, that the Ten blessed beyond our ability to appreThese scriptures are available to Commandments contain the will of ciate our blessings, I think. And now

all. You have been told that there our Heavenly Father, and I am grateas we go to our homes, will we take

are thousands of your sons nad daughful, not only for the civil laws but also to them the influence that we have ters in the world now, seeking to share for the laws God has given to us. I found here—the blessing that we enit be carried out to enwith our Father's other children the feel bound to conform my life to the joy here—will

truth of the gospel of Jesus Christ beteachings of the Ten Commandments. courage those who are not doing what

this should? they do, then con- I If we feel equally the to sustain bound late. fore it is too are coming We will ference us to have been an added Constitution the of United States dangerously to near a time our when

blessing, because as inasmuch enwe which source came as from the same willHeavenly his Father withdraw spirit from the world because the peothe Ten Commandments. Unless the deavor to bless the children of our

ple of the world will not accept it. people of this great nation can realize Heavenly Father, we receive a blessing ourselves. In other "Inaswords, things these forrepent, they and may told: that been have there today, We it as of have much unto ye done one feit the liberty that they enjoy, nowiare million.forty a and thousand now the least these of brethren,"the my the blessings that are multiplied and so of the ofmembers Christ Church Jesus said, it Master "ye have unto done I us. that hope and among pray doiof I Saints, Latterday to and say you, living me."are in perilous times. it will is they We late discover before too boastfully, not seeking but to explain sisters, Brethren set and houses your that again. has spoken God Your.the* truth, this that received has Church in order. families Gather your around is responsibility let mine to our andfin this latterday a witness: new God you, prayers, your have blessthe ask light shine that others so seeing our.the the Father in and did appear Son ing food, of your upon give subyour will constrained be works good to of the Palmyra. received woods boy A stance to those in are need. who is glorify the him of our Author who,a that witness to enabled endure him

all kinds of persecution, and finally, as being. XTt7HEN I heard the reading of that

contain the of books advice Thesehe 'his taken 'was said: 'enemies, he by marvelous record the of funds

all, the of the us of the Father Father little that this utilized have been by Christians, the Gentiles, the the Jews,i I like the to slaughter. going lamb a am think Church and of has been what is. pagans. father the of our I God offense conscience of have a void given, millions the that and been have

.. spirits, all.toward. the through toward God, ages and and men and down

I this of expended people, group by it said, shall of yet be. murwas tried has to he encourage to people me—"he,

I marveled, that stand and to here say in dered cold blood."6:554- {Dl H. C, thing the that bring them do would not one of contributed you has who 555.) happiness rather unhappiness. than Yet

will dollar be than one poorer you find this in a such today world we before. were Smith, the his Prophet, Joseph and

brother Hyrum (the greatgreat-grandWe have this great chorus here tofather of the man who sits at my left day representing Brigham Young here on the stand and grandfather of University. There isn't any good

the man who sits behind me in this conthat could come to that school that gregation died at the as martyrs hands YOURS TRULY wouldof that schoolnot pleaseare struggling,me. The working,leaders sacrificed mob. of a wicked) were They

not for any they had done but wrong By Lael W. Hill limitplanning,to whatbutmayI ambe accomplishedafraid there isin aa the they because to teach had sought

truth and call the people of the world financial way in the immediate future.

it repent to before too late. was

has gone on and under work the ConThe "Crom"- "OnlineSundayto lineI yourdid—thuslettersandgo so, ThereThere areare wealthythose whopeopleare wellto-do,among us.

stitution of the United States we have Last Friday night a strong wind blew."who may feel disposed and happy to

been permitted to carry on in this Or, "Yesterday I heard from you; help this institution grow. I want to say

.great land. We have been permitted Yes, I am fine and feeling well that it is one of the finest places for

to teach the gospel of Jesus Christ. I guess that's all there is to tell."our young people to go to school that

Our missionaries of course have gone can be found anywhere. I hope that

these feel people will here young a the world, but I speaking all over am every page eye Down my practised blessing; will to the they I hope go back States of America. of the Unitednow

I smile Skips lovingly. and sigh spirit school take the with and there people, them However, are many many

men and women in this land, some of Nor does it matter very much that is enjoyed here, grateful for the whom may be friends or relatives who Your words are brief and plain to touch, blessings of our Heavenly Father.

are misguided by the idea that the ConFor words are only queer designs They are always close to those who stitution of the United States isn't as Between the thoughts between the lines. honor him and keep his command304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

111111 ments. And I now advise these young

men, protect the virtue of these girls Here's why your grocer features as you would protect your lives, and to these young women, I say, protect the virtue of. these boys as you wouldprotect your lives. You are all the Special MORNING MILK

children of God, and he loves you, but the adversary will do everything hecan to tear down and destroy your During BABY WEEK opportunities for happiness. That same

admonition in regard to these students of the university I give to all the sons He knows that and daughters in the Church whereever they may be, and if we will honor BabieSf thousands of them throughout the West,

God and keep his commandments and have thrived on this wholesome, nutritious milk, live as we should, no matter where the storms may strike, the winds may blow, and the lightnings may flash, we IwlOtherS appreciate the convenience of Special will be as the children of God always Morning Milk. So easy to prepare for baby's

have been when they have kept his commandments: we will be under the formula, so safe for baby, and so economical

protecting hand of him who is alltoo.

powerful. will to continue go forward and We life, in the often prescribe Special Morning Milk develop and in andgrow end we shall find a reward as infor it is sterilized for absolute safety, homogenheritors in the celestial kingdom of ized and heat treated for digestibility, then right earthour and here upon this God enjoy the of those companionship we fortified with vitamins A and D to help promote love forever. proper bone and tooth development.

May the Lord bless you, my brethren and sisters, for your faithfulness.

And I bless you as he gives me power Developed especially for your specialbaby!

to do so, that you may continue not only to do as well as you have done in the past but that you may also strive than ever theharder to save world Special MORNING MILK 51Ij in it the people areby teaching who worthy to live the gospel of Jesus

Christ, until it shall have been proclaimed to all, and the opportunity be given to them to understand the truth, because this is our Father's work.

This is not the Church of any man. It

is the Christ, of Church Jesus the and only is of Christ that Church Jesus on TUNA 'N EGGS the earth which is entitled to that name A new, quick, "heman"by his appointment. Do you apprebreakfast dish, made with

ciate it? /4

Men, do you appreciate your wives?

Wives, do you love and appreciate your husbands? Parents, do you appreciate your children? Children, do

you love and appreciate your parents?

If we do, then we will love one another, and there will be peace and happinessin our lives and in our communities, ram and our homes will be the abiding place of the Spirit of God. cleared in space of same PREPARE: EASY WAYS TO TWO

that this I pray be the case may and fry lightly, skillet; eggs; push to Scramble (1)that from here we go may now renewed

in our determination to support the one side of skillet. Put the (2) Combine tuna and eggs

Constitution of the United States of tuna and chopped pepper and scramble together.

America, to maintain the standards of the Ten Commandments, and to observe the advice and counsel of our

Heavenly Father, as given by his servants from time to time. When the time

comes that this earth shall be cleansed and purified by fire, and the celestial kingdom shall be set up here, may we find our names recorded in the Lamb's book of life entitling us to a place in that kingdom, that there will not be one missing but that every one of us and those we love may be there. This

inI pray the name of Jesus Christ, Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. Lord.our Amen.

MAY 1949 305 fore could not commit any major act

What Friendship Means of which you would disapprove. Of

course, when the friendship is very

Dh Ljilean *Jjoua(a6 trivial, even a minor act can upset it. The result is that if you discover

that your friend has committed such exactly ever thought we or the at past in the time you act an Have friend? to be a it means what longer him, can he then no know BETTER SmYS It is one of the biggest responyour friend. But in what way hasbe

Tang makes salads and sibilities in the world, and yet it is he changed that you should look at lightly abanand so undertaken the cold eyes with and close him sandwiches, seafoods, cold it that pretext slight doned on such against heart him? of your door He

meats and appetizers might be the putting on or taking off is just the same as he always was.

far more delicious! of a garment. Those qualities for which you loved

There is one true reason for him are still there. If you thought it

THE ONE VRESSING THAT friendship, and one only: that here through, you would know that what is another soul to whom you can he has done he did not consider

FLAVORS EVERYTHING/ give and from whom you can receive wrong or he could not have done it.

the utmost of spiritual values in this He simply has a different way of world. There can be clarity, stimulalooking at life—and perhaps his

tion, and the ultimate in truth beway is the right way after all.

tween you. You know what your But the sorrow should be yours

friend is, and he knows what you because you have led him to believe are. Nothing can alter that; not that you were his friend when, in

anything that has happened before reality, you were nothing of the or anything that can come aftersort.

wards. What is in the past is no Before friendship, ask yourself:

concern of either except insofar as Can I be a friend? This is the crux

it can strengthen the fabric of your of the matter. Then ask yourself:

relationship. What comes in the Can I be a friend to this certain perfuture should no more be able to disson? If the answer is, "Yes,"then

turb that amity than a twig dropped let nothing stand in the way of that on the surface of a great river can friendship. See clearly; ask honestalter its course and destiny. ly; speak sincerely. Be sure that you

But what do we see all around us? are yourself and that you see your

Friendships-—or so they are called friend as he is. The ways of friend-

—made because of money, prestige, ship differ with the individuals conloneliness, popularity, community of cerned, but two things should never

trivial interests, propinquity, or for change: there is only one reason

no reason a friend, and making reasons. for unreliable equallyACCORDION TYPE DOORS other one. at all for abandoning is also that most dangerous There

Save Space of all: the friendship made because Eliminate Area of ConvenSwing with the other has each endowed Doors tional Type

neither This possesses. qualities Make Rooms do Double Duty is

Wide Variety of Colors dangerous because it usually inAssure Easy, Trouble Free Opervolves feelings which are sincere ation and deep and so can cause much emotional turmoil and unhappiness.

It can also embitter either or both iiintlcriiiiilil and shadow their lives with distrust, Josephine B. Nichols

because each fails to realize that it is Springtime Meals not his friend who has failed him, or Write is family know that spring your T et his friend. has failed Phone but he who for Literature Free meals, prettyas-a-picture here by are '"'friendships dream These garden. right from your

much more prevalent than is gen-

I rest usually on believed. erally Menu They

Salt Lake1343ALDER'SSo. Main perother that the hypothesis the Roast Spring Lamb

Phone 7-1531 it theresee and life as CurrantMint Sauce you son sees 306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Creamed Parsley Potatoes Buttered Asparagus Tips Garden Salad Hot Biscuits Butter LemonOrange Puffs Menu II FelsNaptha Soap Chicken Pie Shredded Buttered Beets 7 Relish Spring Plate THE ONE WASHDAY 'MIRACLE

Filled Fruit Sponge Cake THAT CAN BE EXPLAINED! Menu III

Chilled Tomato Juice Baked Stuffed Fish Tartar Sauce

Creamed New Potatoes and New Green Peas Tossed Spring Salad Whole Wheat Rolls Butter Women who use FelsNaptha Soap

Tarts Lemon * * * see a 'miracle'of cleaning

Garden Salad performed every washday.

4 cups fresh spinach And they know how it's done:

1 cup sliced radishes \4 cup sliced green onions This astounding laundry soap

Serve with French dressing. is produced by blending the

Baked Stuffed Fish Steaks two greatest cleaning agents known gentle, active 2 halibut naptha steaks 1 inch thick to (2 pounds) science—

salt and pepper and soap. mild, golden formula The 2 tablespoons juice to 4 lemon

Arrange one fish steak in greased shalfor this blend is preserved where it low baking dish. Season, and sprinkle with was created—in the Fels laboratories.

lemon juice. Spread with bread stuffing.

Top with second steak. Season. Sprinkle

with lemon juice. Bake in moderately hot

oven (375 F.) until tender, about fortyfive minutes.

Bread Stuffing

1 cup chopped celery 34 cup chopped onion 4 cups bread crumbs 4 tablespoons melted butter 1 teaspoon sage Thus the gentle, thorough salt and pepper to moisten FelsNaptha cleaning action hot water

Cook celery and onion in fat until tender is unique. It cannot be duplicated

certainly anyand golden. by bread crumbs, other soap—seasonings Add not K>and enough hot to moisten. water Mix substitute. any chemical soap bylightly.

Spring Relish Plate Dainty garments come out of your

Center serving tray with cottage cheese, FelsNaptha wash as sweet and fresh as which has been seasoned with mayonnaise a daisy—safe from strong chemical action.

and chives.

Arrange attractively around cottage Badly soiled work clothes, grimy towels, cheese, carrot curls, celery sticks, radishes infant diapers are washed stainlessly clean, withoutand new green onions.

a trace of odor—even in your automatic washer.

Lemon Tarts Y2 cup water Incredible? Not to the women who have tried 7 tablespoons cornstarch FelsNaptha Soap—because they want more than promises

\ boiling x/l cups water Get FelsNaptha for your first washday 'miracle'now... cups sugar1)4

% teaspoon salt because you know what it will do... and why.

3 egg yolks, slighdy beaten (juice 1 lemon and grated rind) For your machine or automatic washer, 1 tablespoon butter 6 baked tart shells get gentle, quickcleaning, sneezeless

Mix cornstarch, salt and sugar into thin FelsNaptha Soap Chips.

paste with Stir water. paste into

boiling water Y2 incuptop of double boiler and cook over direct heat until mixture begins to thicken; return to double boiler and continue cooking until thick and smooth. Pour FOR EXTRA CLEANING ACTION USE

over slightly beaten egg yolks, return to double boiler, and cook one minute. Add

lemon juice, rind, and butter, and blend well. FelsNaptha Soap

IN PHI Cool and pour into tart shells. Top MADE

with meringue. BY FELS & CO.LA. NAPTHA MILD GOLDEN SOAP AND ACTIVE

MAY 1949 307 lleMteeM

HAROLD B. LEE EZRA 7AFT BENSON MARK E. PETERSEN

Prospective Missionaries and Ordinance Work Before missionaries are sent into the HENRY D. MOYLE MARION G. ROMNEY THOMAS E. McKAY

mission field they undergo an intensive tenday training program at the mission home in Salt Lake City. It

is surprising to learn how few of the elders called to this responsibility have had proper instruction or experience the sick, to administering in consecratAll-Church Softball League performing children, oil, blessing ing or confirmations, baptisms and the Announced of the gospel. ordinancesother

part, in arises, condition a Such wholesome provide to effort an Tn to called are who number the from * all for men recreation summertime only have who and service missionary adult Priesthood, R. MILTON HUNTER Melchizedek YOUNG S. DILWORTH the of Melthe to ordained been recently Priesthood, Aaronic the of members freHowever, Priesthood. chizedek nineChurch, the in all men and assobeen have those who quently General the older, or age of years teen Neglected? Servicemen Are seventy Your or elders of in quorums ciated formathe approved have Authorities have time of period extended for an League. of Softball recently made allChurch survey was of an tion A exor instruction little or no received will be emphasis large at several program, servicemen this L.D.S. In matters. these inperience and fraternalism, friendship, Investigation installations. military on placed HandPriesthood Melchizedek The

of those relatively sportsmanship. few that showed good the clearly forth sets 86, page book,

responsibility resting upon each quoIn past years a number of stakes and contacted were receiving any kind of and their quorum from a softcorrespondence conducted of direction regions have some under the presidencyrum of copies receiving that fewer were gratifying results, with instruct its ball to program presidencyfhe stake quorum members in ordinance work but a need was felt for wider parThe Improvement Era and Church

Deseret of News. of Section rules The uniform under for such ticipation opportunities to provideand both of present the program Under newly competition. The adeeligibility It is not and to be rendered.services

rendered by are to be these services has been provided to program presidency give launched quorumquate that a

It a has been quorums. priesthood needs. at infrequent this regard in meet theseinstructions

that quorums standing of long matter conbe should Discussionsintervals. brought has survey preliminary A their of each shall with correspond those so who frequently ratherducted felt is it that response, and enthusiastic living from away members quorum reinexperienced may or be new able willmay be in the Church every ward least each once at home presimonth—oftenLikewise training. properceive Competition team. least field at one to quarterly of if possible. review er A with closely should workdencies will begin stake in each wards between extended an over submitted reports opportunities providing inbishoprics playing in first The May. the week that the matindicates of time period officiate. to membersfor quorum is divided be to stakes within season is negseriously ter correspondence of exerof privilege the given Those of winners the with halves into two in of majority in quorums a lected priesthood divinelyrestored thecising the for playoff a conducting half each stake. nearly every in knowledge a proficient beshould champions Stake championship. stake to assigned recently project Another responsibilthe of performance theand playoff, regional in participate a will First of the direction under quorums, to theirs. workman areities which A for contesting winners regional with is providing from of that Presidency, tools. his know effective mustbe Salt in championship allChurch the to subscriptions funds The quorum directhe under presidencies, inQuorum third the week about City Lake SecChurch and Era Improvement iman have presidencies, stake oftion September. miliin tion for quorum every member Theirs matter. in this obligationportant

it that appears date, service. directhe tary will under be To league all The quoproperly training of taskis the

instituted have relatively quorums few comPriesthood the General tion of freat in ordinance work membersrum this project. of the Twelve Council the mittee of opportusecuring intervals andquent

of the number time present the general At the supervision by with active services. This such rendering fornities

is military service in members Imquorum Mutual Men's Young of the board wellinformed in result a willprocedure services, small. These reasonably superGeneral Association. as provement membership priesthood capableand

easily. rendered therefore, be Oscar may President will given by vision be asto prepared elders as youngwell and being contacted are B. IsaacThose who Bishop Thorpe Kirkham, as missionaries or A.sume their duties as associates quorum served by their Superintendent General Assistant son, at home.representatives

enthu- a splendid show the of Y.M. recommended Stevenson A. Walter are encourpresidencies Quorum a rule, are, as and siasm for the gospel of the Y.M. member and one rec- M.I.A., with the foregoing to complyaged

ommendations. M.I.A. general board yet to be named. actively engaged in various Church

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

Melchizedek Priesthood

Restoration to Be Commemorated June 12 CLIFFORD E. YOUNG ALMA SONNE LEVI EDGAR YOUNG

HPhe following letter has been sent to presidents of stakes:

1949 "April 25, OF COMMITTEE PRIESTHOOD GENERAL BY THE CONDUCTED Brethren: "Dear CHAIR- B. LEE, HAROLD TWELVE OF THE COUNCIL—THE "It the decided Council has been by D. HENRY E. PETERSEN, MARK BENSON, TAFT EZRA MAN; of First the of Presidency and Quorum CLIFFORD E. KAY, MC G. THOMAS ROMNEY, MARION MOYLE, the the that restoration the of Twelve R. ANTOINE YOUNG, EDGAR LEVI SONNE, ALMA E. YOUNG, this Priesthood Melchizedek should S. DILWORTH A. KIRKHAM, L. OSCAR EVANS, IVINS, RICHARD year holding the be commemorated by R. CONKIE. MC BRUCE R. HUNTER, MILTON YOUNG, in services of the on second Sunday

June. These services should include

appropriate songs and discourses upon

BRUCE R. McCONKIE should monthly ward teachers report the subject of the restoration of the

meetings be held?"Melchizedek Priesthood.

No definite time has been sched- "We ask each president of stake to quite in but meetings, for such uled in get his of touch with each ward havefunctions. however, Those, who is meeting this of wards number a bishoprics presidents of branches, and results such of the neglectedbeen show of last Sunday first or the on held if this any, request them, to and convey acparticipating areneglect. Fewer priestfor time the during month each advising these the of nature of them are otherstively in the Church and meetings. group and quorum hood services as indicated above. spirtheir as far driftingaimlessly so instructions to is contrary practice This effort that trust will be every "We Such activities concerned.itual are

Authorities of General the issued by faith increase the the to made and desirable. not are, course, ofconditions

Church. the of the testimony servpeople these by necessity of quorums and value The priesthood the with interfering ices. By regular meeting sacrament The been functions have theseperforming are quorums priesthood time meeting this for should purpose. used be experipast amplydemonstrated by generally and weakened materially quarterly stakes confer- "In where been has presentence. program The results. good than No harm more that ences are being held June on date ( observation largely such uponbased

to interpermitted be should meetings it is that the suggested evening 12), of its saving the for purpose hasand quorum regular weekly the fere with session the of conference dispensed be spirit the of imparting thesouls and has Provision meetings. group and in lieu that with thereof the regular and into future the gospel. the Lookingof

to program present in the been made in variheld meetings sacrament the be military service timeto the may when during meetings such with dispense services branches, ous with and wards least at or measurcompulsorybecome the and conferences stake quarterly as indicated. In the cases above where it is that increased, proper evidentably

in the Church of conferences general sessions of the meeting second Sunday estabhabits should procedures be and

City; Salt to Lake adjacent areas those is in of the conference the evening, held times; presentlished favorable during

othewise, under more stringent condiotherwise the regular quorum and it is suggested that such session be held be conducted. are to meetings afternoon, eveSunday leaving Sundaytions, the resultant neglect may prove group for Melcourse present study ning free The servfor the commemorative costly.to be very

consists quorums Priesthood chizedek ices. is the to time for each quorum Now that Considering lessons. thirtyfive of its fully responsibilities "Faithfully yours, in theseassume

matters. Tomorrow the opportunity there are fiftytwo Sundays each year

may be gone. Let's strike while the from which the twelve monthly quoGeorge Albert Smith

iron is hot! rum business meetings are deducted J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

(during which no lesson work is to be David O. McKay

treated) in addition to the four quarThe First Presidency"terly stake conferences and the two only there are general conferences,Ward Teachers Report adIf an thirtyfour weeks remaining.

Meetings Not to Interfere ditional twelve Sundays are taken for monthly ward teachers report meetings, The gospel of the Son of God

With Priesthood the entire program as now in operation that has been revealed is a plan or is seriously jeopardized. system of laws and ordinances* by

"Rrom past experience bishops know Bishops will therefore continue to strict obedience to which the peothat an effective ward teachers'conduct their monthly ward teachers ple who inhabit this earth are asreport meeting is an invaluable aid in report meetings, but at a time so as sured that they may return again maintaining a progressive ward. The not to interfere with regular weekly into the presence of the Father

question naturally arises, "When quorum or group meetings. and the Son*—Brigham Young.

MAY 1949 309 WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY

JUNE 1949

Preparation present two experiences as the Adult Members Aaronic PriesthoodWematerial for this month's lesson: L.D.S. Girls

One: An official visitor "looked in"

on a quorum of priests in a ward alIndividuals or Statistics The Group Chairman and legedly strong in Aaronic Priesthood work. The visit was without advance "Decause of frequent inquiries, we

notice. The subject of the lesson was stress again the importance of the

"baptism."girl selected from over Saint chairman group Latterday individual 'T'he

give- a adviser had quorum "* The statistical records. the of and adult above the members among unthe his face when blush onaway comparisons, Statistics, percentages, is righthand the Priesthood Aaronic

in. It not was visitor cameannounced of value are records field for achievement adviser. and His of the group man "I admit, to leader the fornecessary guideposts is rods measuring and unas only almost helpfulness service and this mornprepared well too notam are of leaders. methods to his duty. of line Checkup the in The limited adpreparation lack of becauseing,"to leaders unless induce avail they leadof choosing effect no psychological

fact the broadcasts evenvertises and inin effort reaching additional will some their have group ers from own beteacher a such whenimmediately the indifferent of active or effect stimulating member inviting upon and an gins. the point is up records leader Church. from a the Where members. Here uninrestless, were young men The faith diligent for promoting them, their more need understands group who wounded. their ego wasterested—leaders, they the part of service their language, talk on in who can who us? fool can think he he does"Why progress. their to indispensable projof in planning become the help can efforts? his best of not worthyAre we assists activities, ects and who and this morning prayer we opening theIn fellowship. spirit in of the good them 'Bless supplication, the tosaid 'Amen'like to to your "That's is come fraternal sort why of we a leadership Such they inspiration as with teachersour intelligent treat classes. as us value great of You will be which approach the can lessons.'But thepresent how as not though people and young into priesthood we in bringing back many storehouse, from empty an drawLord still students. kindergarten Your were fellow to activity. appeal memTheir mind?"unpreparedan flatters preparation of measure effective will and bers a most have us. We the dismissed, class the was After feel respect you your for influence good. potent teaching—we the visitor—"I to admittedadviser am talking about."are you what to will know able chairman be group A the lesson at glanced I onlyashamed! postclass up, period the broke As others barriers where break may down this meeting priesthood toon way my see, said, another our is fail. member the "You the of Being chairman one

morning."in preprofessors school are always will group, have no fears members

in class senior advanced The Two: terrific it is to letdown a and pared their are about they approached when morning the spent School hadSunday class to the lead- a Church where come the will resent inactivity. they Neither mispersonality of the andin a study er is unprepared. me, 'Thanks From chairman's the of suggestions group Questions and Ghost. the ofsion Holy feel for important making enough experihis me personal from speaking

filled class members fromcomments to excellent warrant always prepyour ences. "time. lesson fleeting ofevery moment aration.'

the of bell the signaled the endWhen the of Paraphrasing immortal words students, anxious several period,class of total duct?"a answer your to to teachers Was Burns them apply make return to next invited heard,to were be of total hours minminutes? and a Or students: and heard. they be would andSunday I listen to dare utes? (2) "Would

giftie the Oh, gie filed us some power of out, several wad the members As students'appraisal teachof my my oursels us! see as 'our students'see To for lingered,the hungry young men ing efforts?"de- I be "Would (3) frae free a blunder monie us It wad asked, of muchmore. them One "How if I lighted, or embarrassed, be would foolish notion. An'lesin preparing a spendtime you do see as see myself students I could my

like teacher the one today?"son The yourselves the I ask these me?"Lord to (4) "When Teachers—ask

"I replied, only three hours spent questions: in sobering teaching, I honestly can help me (1) "How much in my

preparation this week. I usually spend time do I actually spend each week say, 'Father, today we can work tofour hours or more on each lesson."in preparing my lesson that I may ingether because I have done my part in

The student commented further, spire young people to righteous conmaking preparation'?"L. A. P.

m

BOISE STAKE YOUTH CHORUS FEATURED IN QUARTERLY CONFERENCE

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric, and N. Lorenzo Mitchell, Aaronic Priesthood music director for the Presiding Bishopric, recently returned from attending a quarterly conference of the Boise Stake with an enthusiastic report of the excellence in the singing furnished by this large chorus of

young people. The meetings were devoted to youth, and the chorus was no small part of the spiritual tone of the conference.

Archie Griffin is chorus director and his son, Duayne, is the accompanist. Other leaders in the photo include Jesse J. McQueen of the stake presidency; J.

Harold Rich of the stake Aaronic Priesthood committee; Madge Ballif, stake music director; and Eva Labrum, chairman of the stake L. D. S. girls committee.

"V:.

mm

;.:U yjt CdUed bu <JL.ee v. f-alf.merIDtehopwftPage

PHOENIX STARE CONDUCTS TESTIMONY MEETING FOR FORMER ADULT

MEMRERS OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

striking followup example of A "in connection with work the adWard Teaching During golfingservicestakeon manythe Sabbathaway fromday. ChurchWard

of adult vancement members of the Summer Months fectteachersof commercializedshould strive torecreationoffset thewithefPriesthood to Aaronic the Melchizedek

Priesthood comes from the Phoenix "pACH year as the summer approaches, timely visits to those who are in danStake. 'L/ there is a seasonal decline in the ger of being lured away.

During 1948, twentysix adult memnumber of families visited by ward When contact is broken with spiritbers of the Aaronic Priesthood were teachers. This is a condition that leadual forces it does not take long for

ordained elders in the Melchizedek ers should strive to overcome. It is permanent habits to be formed. TherePriesthood. A special testimony meettrue that in country districts there is fore, every effort should be exerted not

ing was held—but read the story of increased demand upon the time of only to maintain, but also to increase

this unusual project as related by ward teachers in caring for their flocks the effectiveness of ward teaching durDavid E. Heywood of the stake presiand crops, but there is also a great ing the summer. This problem should be

dency and chairman of the stake comneed for regular ward teaching. Reemphasized before the ward teachers

mittee: sorts, canyons, baseball, fishing, and (Concluded on page 312)

On March 6, Phoenix Stake committee for adult members of the Aaronic PriestAWARD WINNERSEAST GARLAND WARD, REAR RIVER STAKE hood conducted a spiritual testimony meeting. Its purpose was to give opportunity

of expression to adult brethren who had "Achievement in good recently been ordained elders. Seven of works is a thrilling experithese the way the twentysix been thus adence"—that's had who

in lads feel the winning during 1948 fervent vanced bore testimonAaronic Priesthood Individies. Stake and ward leaders mingled ual Certificate of Award for

1948. Stake President Robert their testimonies.

Potter; Bishop E. Warren Expressions his were made of the joy that HansenJ. with counselors

comes from activity in the Church. InLeo Oyler and Henry Sorcnson, together with Ronald related. stances of miraculous healing were

general secretary, are for of their thankfulness Some told having Potter,standing with the youthful been given the opportunity to take their "successes."

families to the temple. Local brethren

were thanked for their examples, their kindness, and their helpfulness.

Since their ordination, nine of these brethren have taken their families to the

Arizona Temple and have completed their every enjoyed meet- "We sealing ordinances.

activity every and we The Phoenix in entitled to Stake committee has set ing,engaged to be itself the 1949 goal of advancing at least our Individual Certificates of truth the of it Award"—and fifty of adult the present 232 members

is in reflected the "success"of the the rolls. Priesthood Aaronic on now look face. on each LaVona

our toward the acGrover, ward chairman of way We are well on

L.D.S. girls is in included this of objective. complishment

the photo.

Here is another splendid example that "it can be done"when leaders lead.

MAY 1949

Teaching During Ward STARKIST TUNA Months Summer with Cheese and Noodles (Concluded from page 31 1 in the monthly report meeting, pointing out the necessity for not only continued loyalty to Church standards on the part of ward teachers, but also a determined effort to develop a personal interest in every man, woman, and child in his respective district. Such

devotion to duty will go a long way toward contributing to continued spiritual activity throughout the year.

On the Bookrack [Concluded from page 264) Worlds, this book is an historical

Just a suspicion of spice novel which follows the example set historical that biography. by The book—costs only 214 a serving! deals the early with and merchantmen

A whisper of garlic, a shade of curry, make a merchandising development of New dish you'll long remember. For milder flavor, England and with the men who made

finer texture, use StarKist...only the smaller f*GoodGuaranteedHousekeepingI, and commanded them, particularly the

tuna are packed under this quality brand. Inmas. The novel is a fascinating unBUY SOLID foldment of American interests in the

STARKIST TUNA WITH CHEESE AND NOODLES PACK OR CHUNK STYLE Far East, especially in Japan. The

1 StarKist 7-oz. can Fancy situation futility of the teaspoon curry love is not compowder GRATED... STARKIST Solid %Vi ( or Pack Chunk salt teaspoon New historical backauthentic parable the to Style Vb Grated) Tuna teaspoon pepper IS THE QUALITY SAME! V* or butter cup margarine it. 2 cups milk ground which has much

1 onion, small 1 minced cottage cup cheese C. 1 garlic, J. clove fine minced 1 large lemon to commend—M.

Va flour cup lb. V* noodles, cooked RECIPE FREE TUNA BOOK

Saute onion and garlic to golden brown in melted butMakes Menu Planning Easy ter. Blend in flour and seasonings. Gradually add milk Economical, kitchentested tuna

stirring cook, and constantly, thickens. until sauce booklet! Add recipes. 24page Write PRAYER

juice, tuna, lemon cottage cheese. thoroughly; Heat Island, StarKistTuna, Terminal

serve over noodles. Serves 6. California, Department 5-E [Concluded from page 296)

Prophet Joseph, wherein he said:

Pray always, that you may come off conqueror; yea, that you may conquer

Satan, and that you may escape the hands of the servants of Satan that do uphold his work. (D. & C. 10:5.)

May God bless us that we will be prayerful. May God bless us that we

will establish houses of prayer, houses of glory, houses of faith, and houses of

God, I humbly ask in the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.

THE THINGS THAT MATTER

(Continued from page 294) And when he went on his first mission he did not even have an overcoat, and he took a quilt from the trundle bed, and his wife made him a cap out of a pair of old pantaloons, and at the end of ten years, he said, all he had ever had as a reward of his service was the half of a small pig that the Prophet

Joseph had received from one of the brethren and divided with him. And

then, in this great Tabernacle later he said that he had studied the gospel as any student of science had studied any branch of science for thirty years as he traveled by day and by night, by land and by sea, and he had only reached the ABC's: his study lead

him into the eternities.

That is what it does for a man when he finds the thing that matters and is really worth while in this life, and it 312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA marks the life of that man just as the lives of you, my brethren, have been marked because of the testimony that has come to you.

T like the statement that President *"Clark made from this stand, I think about a year ago, when he said that a testimony is the mortar that holds this

Church together, and if we did not have a testimony we would not be doing the things we are doing today.

All of you, as you look back over the history of your own people and your own families, are no doubt proud of your forebears and the sacrifices they have made, and their integrity and devotion to the faith, and if you will pardon me for being a bit personal, I would like to refer to some of mine.

My grandfather, Franklin D. Richards, recorded in his diary, after he had

been a member of the Church for nine years, that he had come up in that time through the grades of the priesthood to the office of high priest, that he had received his endowments in the Nauvoo Temple, that he had filled five missions in the United States, and he was then serving as counselor in the Presidency of the British Missionwith a membership of over sixteen fORfopthousand. Then he states: vv'HARVESTING RETURNS

I desire this day, things, of all Most you're equipped ready to a and with homego owned ALLCROP the When life, life more Spirit, giveth yea whichHoly in difference Harvester, a big income the can plan. High you it makes way spirit. to and bothabundantly body

seed crops such as Ladino clover, for example, may be well worth figuring

He traded his home in Nauvoo, as into your crop rotation.

many of the other brethren did, for The ALLCROP'S fullwidth, rubber faced threshing cylinder and extra a team of horses and a wagon; loaded cleaning capacity make you master of any kind of harvesting—from bush

on it all his possessions he could take lima beans to tiny, finescreen grass seeds—and a hundred choices in

with him; took his two wives (that between of small grains, beans and seeds.

was permissible in those days) and You have a wide choice of methods, too. ALLCROP design and attachone little girl, and went to join the ments enable you to cut from an inch to 42 inches above ground... pick he Quarters. atSaints Winter When

.. stationary or threshing or light. use windrows... do heavy up PTO there, Brigham the Prophetarrived

..... foreign. sack auxiliary matter engine seed and remove power weed to England. sent And him backYoung

.... wheels dual or bin or crop or the tandem. spread. use straw windrow mission in the again therewhile he was

field, one of his wives died, his little on irrigated land girl died, and his brother who was Now is the time to capitalize on changing markets. Get set now—free

with the Mormon Battalion died. yourself from harvest limitations. See your AllisChalmers dealer for the

Previously he had lost a brother in the ALLCROP answer to top harvesting returns year after year.

Haun's Mill Massacre, and he wrote in like this:his something journal

that sacrifice may ALLCROP Harvester no matter what I hope be required at my hands that God will give me the strength to stand so that when the battle is fought and the race is run I may come out not one whit behind my brethren.

You know, that is when we know the things that matter and the other things, when we have been born again with the spirit of this great latterday work.

I would like also to refer to Grandfather Willard Richards, cousin Stephen L's grandfather. He was in jail in

Carthage with the Prophet Joseph and his brother Hyrum, and John Taylor.

Grandfather Willard did not have to go there, there was no subpoena for him or warrant of arrest. The Prophet

Joseph turned to him and said: "If we

go into the cell, will you go with us?"

Dr. Richards replied: "Brother Joseph, you did not ask me to cross the

(Concluded on page 314) MAY 1949 "313

THE THINGS THAT MATTER

(Concluded from page 313) my father: "Father, how is a person of the true Church. I want to bear my

river with you; you did not ask me to know when he gets a testimony?"testimony in the name of Jesus Christ.

to come to Carthage with you; you did "Well,"he said, "my boy, you just I had the privilege of meeting that

not ask me to come to jail with you. keep going the way you have been; dear sister not long ago, and she was

Do you think I would forsake you you will not need to worry about just like an angel from heaven to me.

now? I will tell you what I will do. that."I learned that she had taken the beads

If you are condemned to be hanged There is not time today to relate my and little trinkets that her mother befor treason, I will be hanged in your own experiences but I want to tell you queathed to her, amounting in value stead, and you shall go free."that a testimony of the divinity of this to a few hundred dollars, and sold

The Prophet replied: "You cannot work is the most treasured gift of my them in order that she might erect a

do that."life, and I would rather have it burn room in which the elders could hold

Dr. Richards replied: "But I will."in the hearts and souls of my children meetings in the vicinity where she

That is the kind of faith and testiand my grandchildren than any other lives.

mony that has built this kingdom of thing in all the world. In closing, I would like to read the

God, because they have known the Could I be excused for reading a words of Nephi:

things Indian that matter, testimony, of an the other things sister, that apand the the said angel Behold unto me: And section of little peared in the have been consequence Church to of The of of yea, even God, the Son Lamb them. Deseret News, a few weeks ago, to Eternal Father! Knowest thou the meaningthe

I would like to be pardoned for reshow you that the Lord gives to the of the tree which thy father saw?

ferring to my own father who is depoor and the humble of the earth just And I answered him, saying: Yea, it is

prived of the privilege of being here as well as he does to any others: the love of God, which sheddeth itself

of of the children in the hearts men; abroad illness, of today because President I joined the of Christ of Jesus Church all it of is the desirable wherefore, most George F. Richards of the Council Saints, of Latterday never and I have had things.

I the that heart but doubt Twelve. sat any weeks ago I have in my A few sayangel] spake he [the unto me And

I the right joined joined Before Church. by his in great pain side when he was the to ing: joyous the most Yea, and

and distress and I sympathized with the Latterday Saint Church, everything soul. (I Nephi 11:2123.)

far that pure sweet seemed so and was it he said: son,him and not does "My brethtestimony, I bear you I my my there gap, a deep as if were and away, matter to happens what long as me sisters, nothing there is that ren together. the and get edges never But as could

the of kingdom forward."go God can I heard the the and elders came this the love real in with when world to compare

I felt grateful father for a And with truth, clear everything so beauseemed and the truth of of testimony the and God that faith. kind of I tiful. sure, to be and I wanted would being again that through born comes

for to nights guide pray and show me God thing to right do. showed me the He 'T'o these testimonies, many of you me andare worthknowingwhile,the thingsand thenthatyoumatterwill andnot I just right explain cannot and the way,

brethren can add experiences of the wonderful feeling I had. I was at peace need to worry about the other things.

your own and your forebears. I rewith the world. I keep thanking God for God bless you all, I pray in the name

member when I was a boy I said to the privilege of being able to be a member of Jesus Christ. Amen.

AUTHORITY IN THE MINISTRY

(Continued from page 293) Cpeaking of the new and everlasting name, whatsoever they may be, that are ing authority—and taught in righteous- *"* covenant, which is the gospel, the not by me or by my word, saith the

shall shall Lord, down, and thrown be ness the with and the Spirit of power the said to Prophet: Lord neither after dead, are not remain men that then must truth accept by—we the in saith resurrection, after the nor... contracts, bonds, covenants, All ofcovenant baptism; and must do we God. your Lord oaths, performances, obligations, vows, it under the legal of hands a adminthings are whatsoever remain by For expectations, associations, connections, oristrator. things not are whatsoever me; by and into entered and not that are and made

is the Baptism (Ibid. to the kinggateway shall destroyed. shaken and be Spirit of of me promise, the sealed Holy by

dom of God both on earth and in him who is anointed, both as well for time 1314.)

heaven. And the kind of baptism that and for all eternity, and that too most

you and I want is one which will be holy, by revelation and commandment Thus there are only two ways in recognized both on earth and in heavthrough the medium of mine anointed, which anything in this world can be so

I the full to earth appointed force as to have on with remain ordained whom It is en. thing set to one up a system

. efficacy, this of are hold power, no in spirit in validity the and and worldthat will it is recognized be men; by resurrecin virtue, after the or force. and. resurrection. himself Either the Godquite thing another to a system have all for contracts that tion the dead; from it ordain or of agent God, an must will recognize.which God Lord The this are end end not have an unto made in acting with under accordance andsaid to Peter: are dead. (D. C. 132:7.) when men &

him, authorization proper from must do

I will of give the thee unto And keys it. will act be the only then and the a question propounds Lord Then Then

the of heaven: kingdom and whatsoever eternity. in all set recognized is no systems to those have There up who shaltthou earth shall bind on bound be

religion authority, way. of auother assumed on

..in heaven. 16:19.). (Matt

is celestial the the to gate Baptism generations claimed thority from dead

We want a baptism, { and this goes for and gone. It is: "... will I receive at kingdom of heaven, provided it is perall ordinances,) that will be binding your hands that which I have not apformed by a legal administrator, one

on earth and in heaven, that will be pointed?"(Ibid,, 10.) Certainly not. whose administrations will be recogrecognized by the Lord both here and His house is a house of order, and not nized by God, and provided also that

hereafter. a house of confusion. No man can the candidate has made himself worthy

Now, this sentence from the Prophcome unto him or unto his Father exand that the ordinance is sealed upon et's sermon: cept it be by his word which is his law. him by the Holy Ghost.

All the ordinances, systems, and adAnd finally, in language so broad The same principle applies to all ministrations On the earth are of no use and comprehensive as to cover all prinordinances. The Lord said of the

to the children of men, unless they are ciples, doctrines, ordinances, and syssacrament ordained and authorized of God; for nothtems, the Lord says:

ing will save a man but a legal administraWhoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh tor; for none others will be acknowledged And everything that is in the world, my blood, hath eternal life; and I will

by God or angels. (D. H. C. vol. 5, p. whether it be ordained of men, by thrones, raise him up at the last day. (John 6:54.)

259.) or principalities, or powers, or things of (Concluded on page 316)

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UNNAMED

but HONORED By J. N. WASHBURN

boldly in beganthe midstto makeof thebig andJohnillfatedRichinsWilliewas Handcarta member ofComthe selvescommunityThe Indians established thempany of 1856. Shortly after his medicine.

arrival in Utah he was sent with others to settle in Goshen and help build that community. With his wife and three

lived there and children hesmall moved gloating line of the nears ence. He that inside I sneak "I'll could betin house. an adobe antelltale breeze Let enemies. no waitguns."The those get and time, circle breakfast about morning, One twig Let no his movements! nounce were savages the of frenzy the ing and carefully his very Indianan made way eternal the Let him away! give snap to nerves. his getting on in this out to house, among moving and little for only brightly a less stars burn Richins. I,"responded could "So notice. to outbuildings escape the while! I and than younger am you're "But breakRichins some him gave Mr.

it."His dependents. Try fewer have sat the fast, afterward the on two and it? pass line. he the Can reaches to TUTe instructed accordingly, were, friends tiny Adeline, talked. a and doorstep ** fires circle of the into Looking time. for quiet a remain listened. girl, father's her and held hand his find way? he him, can blind that the name in charnot said I the redman, know said "Tonight,"I do have encumreturn, he can through, Once I did. WithIn- I wish fashion, acteristic Indian man. "many that young of it once, If does he gun? a with bered started on fuss, people."he Kill white noise, without dians come. many out it a it do he again? Can he do can disapterror undertaking. with He struck Little perilous Adeline his was times? dozen direcin the darkness the into at she heard. what peared

"Will they kill all of us, Father?"tion of the fires. It is easy to imagine My heart almost aches for him now.

the long night the is; how How still to him if he fell happen would she asked, her eyes wide and her lips what

his little long how time! not know I do Utes. of the trembling. hands into the

I many not know how do took. chore father with replied conthe "No,"danger? that of because stop he Did wheth- I not know were. do there guns kill us. of won't any "They back? Not fears hold let his him he Did Chief probable, entirely er, as was let them."won't man. inch a every that was viction.We fellow—he head at the himself was Black Hawk off sent to messengers once were At but him, see could course, of one, is I No All know band. warlike that of to bring a people them the and warn I as see him I can see now. him can the when a moment there that came nightfall large place. central a numBy minafter endless inch, minute inch by attack. to commanded were white men in settlers gathered of ber were armed darker shadow a ahead, ute, he moves struck. they rush a shouts and town. With is to trying of shadows. in He a world their for dashed Indians astounded The put children were and a women The game, their at savages the own beat postook consternation and weapons, safety. Richins into places of The trickery. and He cunning of game that found they when them of session smaller children, Adeline, a Frank, and loudly beating his heart on, moves spirited away. been had weapons in granrock stout a one, hidden were his presbetray thinks, to he enough, theirs had than mightier far magic theirA family the the across road from ary

home. Frank, though a mere child, been at work that night.

declared earnestly that he wasn't afraid Their resistance was futile and shortfired, probably were Adeline, few shots Indians. the His sister of A howSOWING TIME lived. might Indians the though whites, half to death. frightened ever, by the was

About eleven o'clock that night the By Eva Willes Wangsgaard havelet, fromhad awhatfew hiddenweaponguns.will neverOne bulbe

in Gardner Bishop struck John ** settlement. the Indians came into creek went foaming, swift and known, HPhe Richins and Little Adeline the leg. fear of the without Apparently any * strong

whites they established themselves With spring, and spring was in its song. her brother, in the rock granary, heard

boldly in the midst of the community With golden shuttles morning light the shouts and thought their father and and began to make big medicine in Wove sun on shadows blue as night. his friends were engaged in a battle

preparation for the intended massacre The cold of winter, sharp and deep, to the death. I do not wonder that

steep. pebbled, the bed, creek on Lay frightened. she was morning. following formed of the They

rose. a young banks grassy man From fires circle their overcome large about quickly and a Indians were The through spread spring and He stretched, turned their guns, white apparently stacked to be guard under hustled and his toes

man fashion, in three or four stacks inAnd climbed up every inch of him. over to the authorities next day. The

side. He caught a birch's dangling limb name of the night's foremost hero apThey did not know that a short disAnd swung across. The waiting land parently passed into obscurity, and

loamscent. rich with be Was can that tribute finest is the In his hand therein closely, watching tance them away,

seedingdrill clod. His crushed a He for fame not acted, that he to him, paid destroy. to the they had come were men hill the tractor waited on And securthe for but record, historical and of whites small group were In one Mr. fertile fields pattern to For him of friends. monument his ity of fellow Richins and A whose a young yields; for golden In even rows

name no one remembers. He was talkBut joy lay in his heart, to sow marble reared to his memory would be

ing quietly. Broadcast like wheat of long ago. no higher praise.

MAY 1949 315 AUTHORITY IN THE MINISTRY (Concluded from page 314) in 1836. He gave the keys of the sealdom. (See, The Discourses of Wilford

But in order to obtain that blessing ing power, or in other words, he auWoodruff, p. 72.)

to participate ordinance in the priesthood the thorized the of use mustwe present to the that moment From worthily, in heaven. earth with the ratifying approval bind and seal on time, orbeen every has who man

itof of the is perthe as the Ghost, and keys gave and Holy came Moses the holy apostleship to has been dained

Israel administrator. legal the parts gathering four offormed by a from the the of of keys kingdom given God

the leading earth, of the the of and It is the with marriage. same Men direcin other the or words on earth,

tribes north. of ten the the from land ordain of marriage systemcan any this right tive preside to over Church

the of Elias the keys gave and came suits theirthat pleasure. can They this time, so, this at kingdom. and And

the of dispensation gospel of Abraham. a husband a andmake man woman administrators, legal brethren have we divers angels says that Prophet The life; this in wife butand when men keys. holding priesthood both and We or to from Michael on down Adam marriage. In that dead,are the ends truths to teach; of the heaven have we

all the declaring time present came, to for aorder a be and man woman up, seal condito the have power men rights, their their their dispensation, in spirit the wife world andhusband eterfaithfulness, their unto tioned on their their keys, honors, majesty and for family resurrection, the in theand life. all else in the nal world Nowhere

glory, their priestof and the powerunit after death, sealcontinue to the is this found.

this in until dispensation, hood, had weing personally done be must by God exPresident This morning, Smith is the the Fulness of one which holding authorized agent auanor by exsentiment of pressed has a he which all the Times, of authority and power act;thority so from to him it must and again. In this over pressed over and

given had ever that Godbe sealed and approved the Holy by of the Prophet in any dissermon Joseph Smith that before. went fulfilled that is only pensationGhost, a condition is the from which been quoting I have

if the participants are worthy. Then just a few weeks before Josame thought. The sentiment shows

seph and Hyrum went to Carthage Jail the measure, the great capacity, the

Tow we have received the same to seal their testimony with their blood, love that prevails in the hearts of the in the Prophet, the Temple, Nauvoo authority that and the anpower two men. The Prophet said:

all conferred the Apostles of the uponcients had. the of 1829, John In May

Baptist came and gave to Joseph Smith keys of the kingdom of heaven. After I thank God for preserving me from

enemies; for enemies I have but no the my bestowal of these powers and keys Oliver both the Aaronicand Cowdery

I sake. truth's the to desire but have no he said: priestthatPriesthood of and the keys

I all all for feel to good. do pray men

hood. Shortly thereafter Peter, James, I have sealed upon your heads all the men. We don't ask any people to throw

and John came and gave to those same keys of the kingdom of God. I have sealaway any good they have got; we only

worthies the Melchizedek Priesthood ed upon you every key, power, principle ask them to come and get more. What

and the keys of the kingdom of God. that the God of heaven has revealed to if all the world should embrace this gosThen in 1835, when the first quorum of me. Now, no matter where I may go or pel? They would see eye to eye, and

I do, the rests the blessings out with would what kingdom be poured may of God in this calledApostles dispensawas. is the people, of you. desire the which upontion, those Apostles given the were

apostles of soul. vol..... the C. 5, (D. whole God, p. 259.) Lamb of ye. H, my my the ofkeys of kingdom on earth. God brethren, this shoulders kingupon your

Thereafter additional keys were dom rests; now you have got to round And as the Prophet prayed, so pray

given. Elijah came on April the third up your shoulders and bear off the king- I in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE

(Continued from page 292) least a vast majority of them have npo the Latterday Saints death is not

Joseph Smith. Each appearance, of asked this question of themselves: such a serious thing. It doesn't

course, added testimony upon testi- "Where do we go when we die?"I make a lot of difference how long we

mony regarding the immortality of man would say to all Latterday Saints on live in this world. The thing which is

and the eternal life that the righteous this occasion that the place to which of vital importance, however, to you ones who live upon this earth will you and I go when we die will be deand me is how we live. Are we preeventually attain. termined, to a great extent, upon how pared to meet the Eternal Father and

In the doctrines of the Church of we live while we are here. I mean his Only Begotten Son? If death should

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints we our ultimate destination, the goal that come upon us any minute, are we prehave a rather comprehensive underwe are striving for. We have the true pared to go into the other world and

standing of our premortal life. We plan of salvation, the gospel of Jesus eventually come into the celestial kingare taught that you and I are brothers Christ, with all the ordinances of the dom of God? That should be your

and sisters; in fact, all the men, womgospel, all the teachings, including the goal and that should be my goal. We

en, and children who have ever come Holy Priesthood after the Order of should live such a clean and pure life into this world are brothers and sisthe Son of God. All of these things each day, rendering obedience to all

ters, and they were all sons and daughwhich are necessary to bring us back the principles and ordinances of the ters of God the Eternal Father and our into the presence of God and exalt us gospel to such an extent that we would

Eternal Mother in that celestial spirit in celestial glory are ours. We know, e ready to die whenever death comes

realm before we came into mortality. therefore, what will be our destinaupon us.

We are taught that we were born into tion as members of the Church of Jesus Every person who dies will go into that spirit realm as babies, and that Christ of Latterday Saints if we will a world known as the spirit world.

we grow to maturity there, undergolive by every word that comes from Those who have lived righteous lives ing the various experiences which were the mouth of God. On the other hand, here in mortality will find there a parathere for us prior to our coming to with all the power, priesthood, ordidise, a heaven, a place of peace, of joy,

mortality. Also through revelation nances, doctrines, opportunities, and of opportunities, of progression. On

we have learned that the gods held blessings that are ours, we also know the other hand, those who have lived a council preparatory to the peopling that if we sin sufficiently, we have the wicked lives will find themselves in of this earth in which the plans for power to condemn ourselves to the the spirit world somewhat as if they mortality were discussed and progreatest of depths, even to cast our were in prison. In fact, the prophets

claimed. souls down to hell. The prophets have speak of that world as a prison. We

Probably of all the human beings proclaimed that where much is given read in Second Peter that at the time who have lived upon this earth, at much is required at our hands. (Continued on page 318)

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA when crops get tough

ut in this threshing team!

PpMBSflWDI

IfeW

';.v HBhHB IMMitaiJmigk;-.;:

ODGED... heavy... weedy! Your Oliver ter threshing. Flat deck, rotary straw walkers

Model 30 combine gets more grain from hardprevent bunching... sift out those last, profitto-handle crops. You can "nose"its balanced, producing kernels with aggressive thoroughness.

closecutting header under tall and tangled groundThe spacious chaffer and shoe sieve give your hugging stalks. A big, raspbar cylinder rubs grain "fanning mill"cleanliness.

kernels from the heads gently, without excessive

For greater gains under all crop conditions,put foul chopping of weed or rank growth straw. this fine harvesting team in your fields—the Oliver less There's chaff to blow out. Further, there's no Model 30 Grain Master* and the husky new 6- choking or jamming, even in the heaviest stands.

cylinder, 3-4 plow Oliver "88", the tractor with six

See the Oliver 30 Grain Master and note its forward speeds and Direct Drive Power TakeOff.

amazing simplicity of construction... the field- *Available in 8-, 10-, or 12foot cut.

proved "straightin-line"principle that 100 years of thresherengineering perfected. Examine the The OLIVER Corporation

adjustable upper draper... removable, floating 400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois

feeder house... large, nonwrapping 8-wing beater.

These units insure "heads first"delivery for betThe OLIVER Corporation 400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois

Please send me illustrated material, describing the

Oliver Model 30 Grain Master.

Name. OLIVER

: Post Office..

'FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY"::.:,::........:,:..:......:..... i:,;........ Rural Route State.

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT COMPANY

OGDEN, UTAH BRANCHES: OGDEN and TREM0NT0N, UTAH; PRESTON, BLACKF00T, IDAHO FALLS, SHELLEY, TWIN FALLS, BUHL, RUPERT,

and REXBURG, IDAHO MAY 1949 317

IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE

(Continued from page 316) in the spirit world. The spirit world, would bow and every tongue would

the Savior's body lay in the tomb, then, is another probationary state in confess that he was the Christ; that

his spirit went to the spirit world and order that the sons and daughters of his judgments were true and just. And

opened the doors of the gospel to those God who will might prepare themthen they would hear the voice of who were drowned in the flood at selves to meet him. God tell them to depart from him beNoah's time. Those people had been Following our sojourn in the spirit cause of the sinful lives that they had

detained from hearing the gospel, being world comes the resurrection. There lived. This is the group spoken of in

in prison during that long period of will be a universal resurrection of the scripture, declaring that they would time of more than two thousand years. every man, woman, and child. Just weep and wail and gnash their teeth

Some people that I have talked to as we all die. so must we all rise from because they had lost the great blesshave the concept that when they die the grave. Amulek declared: ing of celestial and eternal life.

theirthat sins will suddenly, all be this mortal unto I say you that body...

will they away, andwashed become is that is raised immortal body, to an from Pollowing the judgment, according white and glorious, pure and clean, in death, even from the first death unto life, to modern revelation, a vast majorsomewhat of an automatic or miracuthat they can die no more; their spirits ity of the inhabitants of this earth will

lous way. Such is not the case. Acuniting with their bodies, never to be be assigned to one or another of three

cording to the ancient prophets, espedivided; thus the whole becoming spiritual kingdoms, worlds, or degrees of glory.

that and immortal, are terthe telestial, they can no more see These termed thecially sustained the Book of Mormon, (Ibid. 11:45.) restrial, the celestial. and law by The revelation,by modern when we die, corruption.

are at the quickened which time of we still.if filthy filthy, are are we we into the Christ world came Jesus resurrection will determine the world that fact die doesn't changeThe we of sins for the world. the died and shall to assigned. us be which Let we I iota. are dualus one and You the of bands death broke and was He hear the of the that word Lord on spiritpersonages, possessing a body first fruits the being resurrected, the of subject in body. physical dwells awhich set resurrection. operation into the He

separation of that is theDeath resurrection of thereby gave and spirlaw For notwithstanding they die, they also itual body. the physical from body free gift to every as a man, shall rise woman, again, a spiritual body.

All of our good deeds, our bad and child, resurrection, or, in other They who are of a celestial spirit shall deeds; the knowledge we have atwords, immortality. Thus we will all, receive the same body which was a natural

tained; our habits, our evil and good the wicked as well as the righteous, body; even ye shall receive your bodies,

inclinations, are resident in the spirit. enjoy immortality. and your glory shall be that glory by

are bodies which quickened. your spirit perthe contains personageThe resurrection the Following comes

of are quickened a portion by Ye who spirit insonality, or, the other words, great the judgment. person Every who celestial the shall the glory of then receiveis individual. real unthe an Having live shall in this lived has and fulness. same, a even

this therefore, doctrine, ofderstanding every man, and woman, they are quickened por- a who by And child—shallworld take die that whenwe know we we tion terrestrial of the shall glory seat the of before rethen judgment stand

with us to the other world exactly God to answer for the life he or she ceive of the same, even a fulness.

what we have made of ourselves while lived here in mortality, and also to And also they who are quickened by a telestial portion the shall of glory is thenliving in mortality. only one There life spirit in for lived the the answer

receive of the fulness. same, even a I that and whereby you knowway I world. they shall also remain be And who ourselves, thatcan purify one and way that great prophet, Nephite Alma, nevertheless, quickened; reshall they

is that things repentance. through The this to preaching doctrine one day was turn their to place, again to enjoy own

mortality in of repent here shouldwe his people. to explained that that them willing receive, which are to He they

will probably be easier to repent of every man, woman, and child, "both because they were not willing to enjoy that now instead of putting them off until bond and free,... both the wicked and which they might have received. (D. & C.

we go to the other world and have to the righteous,"would be resurrected 88:2732.)

overcome those handicaps at that time; and required to stand before the judgLatter-day Saints our inTo the say, "todayand is the day so I would seat they ment of God. There would

lie in the celestial glory. In Permitto prepare to meet God."lives for the held accountable me be they terests

to quote the words of an ancient lived while in mortality, for every act fact, we don't have much interest in

Nephite prophet on that subject: they committed, yea for every word the other two degrees because we are

assured revelation that through those for spoke, they that thought every and is life this for the behold, time celestial For men to the of degree go glory who I thought. they are responand You to to the behold prepare yea, God; meet exaltation receive and are of members for beings, accountable the things is life to sible this for the of day men day the the Firstborn of Church have who that think. quote: we To their labors.perform lived that every has by word come

if while time our not improve do... we will us, our yea, For words condemn from the of being humble, God, mouth life, this in then of the darknight cometh

all will us; our shall not works condemn we all faithful activities of their and there perness labor can wherein be no

spotless; will found thoughts be our and life. heirs, here in therefore, are 34:32offormed. (Book Mormon, Alma inWe us. (Ibid. 12:14.) condemn celestial glory. of into33.) gateway The

Alma also explained on that occacelestial glory is faith, repentance, bappVERY person after he or she leaves sion that God would divide the peotism, and confirmation; and then, of

** this life will stay in the spirit world ple into two groups. He would look course, as the Saints enter the king-

a certain length of time in order to upon the members of one group and dom of God by compliance with the continue to prepare himself to come smile. They are the righteous. He foregoing requirements, they make

into the presence of God. In that spirwould proclaim to them that they could their calling and election sure by renit world there is a lot of activity. The enter into his presence. Great would dering obedience to all the ordinances

gospel of Jesus Christ is being taught be their joy. And then he would look and doctrines of the gospel of Jesus

to those who have not received the upon those who composed the other Christ from day to day throughout plan of salvation here in mortality, and group, and they should be so ashamed the entire course of this mortal life.

especially to those who previously because of the lives they had lived in These are they who shall dwell in the have not had opportunity. When those mortality that they would cry to the presence of God.

people in the spirit world have remountains to come down and hide In the celestial degree of glory there ceived the gospel, the temple work them from the presence of God. But are three kingdoms or three degrees.

that mortals do for them consummates such would not be the case. They The highest of these constitutes those

the work for their acceptance of Jesus would have to stay in his presence who have been exalted to Godhood,

Christ and the plan of salvation there while being judged, and every knee (Concluded on page 320) 318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!.!

AChange is in Order..

Change to OlLPLAVHCrl

Holds Fast!... OilPlating holds

fast to metal parts. It can't all drain Like New down, not even overnight! luAlready

car in your Keep showbricated at the of starter. touch the

shape. enthe room... OilPlate

gine with Conoco Nth Motor Oil. It protects against wear

that... preserves power. An. Holds Nth is Up Longer! Conoco additive, in exclusive Conoco tough, it's because made. from. topquality

fastens N", extra shield an of paraffinbase oil. crude It stands up under lubricant right to cylinder hard driving in searing

walls. That's peppreserving summer heat.

OilPlating!

Holds Down Cost!... An OilPlated engine

means fewer repair bills. An OilPlated engine

means fewer quarts between drains. An OilPlated engine purrs for years and years.

OilHate today at your Conoco Mileage Merchant's Copyright 1949, Continental Oil Company

MAY 1949 319 IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE

(Concluded from page 318) that this continuation of "the seeds"only to the celestial degree of glory but or, in other words, those who receive forever and ever, meant the power of also to receive exaltation in his kingexaltation or eternal life. They are procreation; in other words, the power dom, i.e., to receive eternal life. If we

they who live the law of the priesthood to beget spirit children on the same accept all the ordinances of the gospel or the new and everlasting covenant principle as we were born to our of Jesus Christ and obey all of the of marriage, known as celestial marHeavenly Parents, God the Eternal teachings of the gospel; if we abide

riage. The Latterday Saints, as well Father and our Eternal Mother. Thereby the law of celestial marriage; if we

as the people throughout the various fore, a man cannot be exalted without pay our tithes and offerings to the ages of the world who have belonged a woman, his wife, nor can a woman Lord; if we are clean and pure in

to the true Church of Jesus Christ, be exalted without her husband. That thought and habit, thereby keeping

who have been married by the power is the fulness of the gospel of Jesus our bodies as temples of God, clean of the priesthood and have obeyed all Christ, the plan of salvation. Eternal and pure as he wants us to do; if we

the priesthood covenants that they life is the greatest gift that God has in live virtuously and in every way serve have entered into, having lived in acstore for those who love him and keep him, then at the great judgment day cordance with all the teachings of the his commandments, and you and I we will hear the voice of God say to gospel, these are they who shall be know how it can be attained. us, "Well done, my beloved servants.

exalted in the celestial realm and beIn the celestial degree of glory there You were faithful in the few, small come as God is. The Lord has given are two other divisions. They are octhings that I gave you to do in mortalhis law on this doctrine as follows: cupied by the angels of God. The ity, you may, therefore, now come into

angels are the ones who did not abide my presence."And to continue to

... verily I say unto you, if a man by the law of celestial marriage; howparaphrase the Doctrine and Covemarry a wife by my word, which is my ever, they accepted Christ and lived nants, "Then shall they pass by the

everlastinglaw, the coveby and and new all are stationed lives, angels gods and did not they but accept good who it is the nant, sealed unto them and by shall exaltation, their to they there is the and ordinances. the gospel This Spirit of promise,Holy by him who priests kings to the subject: that and become of the on Most Lord is word thisanointed, unto appointed I have whom

power and the keys of this priesthood; High God. They shall become as he

[and if they commit no sin to break that For these angels did not abide my law; is.'In other words, they shall have

seal];... they shall pass by the angels, therefore, they cannot be enlarged, but eternal life. Then shall the oath and

singly, separately without remain and set there, their gods, the to areand which the of priesthood covenant be brought their condition, exaltation, in saved to all things, inexaltation hath as glory and I effect all into have which and you made, eternity; gods, henceforth are from not and their glory heads, sealed whichbeen upon us the of Melchizedek hold each who ever. are forever of angels but and God fulnessshall continuation of a a be and will All Priesthood. that has be God {Ibid., 132.17.) ever. the forever seeds and

us. will ours. share with He (Ibid., 132:19shall gods. they be Then

20.) My brethren and sisters, where do May this be the lot of the Latterday

we go when we die? As Latterday Saints, I humbly pray, in the name of

The Prophet Joseph Smith explained Saints we hope some day to go not Jesus Christ. Amen.

REPORT FROM NEW ENGLAND

(Continued from page 291) who goes into the mission field will pressed to go to the left,"and then even the devils were subject to them be no missionary until he learns that they would say, "and we came to a because of his name, he must have exhe himself is as nothing; that he is house where they were willing to hear

perienced a thrill of satisfaction. (See the mouthpiece of him who dwells on the gospel."Then, say I, they are

Luke 10:17.) I have had something of high, and unless he finds a way to put learning to know what it means to lose

that kind of sensation when, after I himself in tune with the Spirit of the their lives. If they keep that sort of

send these young people out, they send Holy Ghost which is within him, he thing up for the two years they are in fail as as just it will surely walks. field mission he the then and keep up say, houses have and "Theme letters

rapidly, learns beafter he it very But they and the home, come when fed us; been to have openedbeen we

is fore of there calls long they'll reno bishop amount to them work clothed, the and have beenand way we

I it. will fatigue but that he face don't what count, that they member for to the us gospel preachhas opened

I remember one of the the work counts. If they say, "Yes,far beyond our strength and ability."smile now as

to day, "Brothone bishop,"then me of who said you have a member I feel like saying, "Yes, even boys,Then is there family of a will er Young, Saints the stand Church by you till whothe devils are subject through to you

His name."down the road which hasn't been vishe dies, and be a credit to you. That

ited for a long time."Said I, "How right every boy has. So does each girl,

far live?"they girls he quite "Oh,"do the don't away though even do it

this rights in'"Phese boys have some said, miles."I said, "fourteen "Well, in the catch way. same the same They

to business; like say would and I that's if to expect good. spirit do they you work. How

that these are as much a bill of rights get there to visit them?""Oh, there The second thing which is their

for a boy going into the mission field isn't any way that I know of.""Isn't right is to learn the truth of some

as is the one in our Constitution for there a bus?""No."I said, "Well, words which appear in the eightythe people. Every young man in this the walking isn't crowded, is it?"He fourth section of the Doctrine and

Church on a who goes I it's mission—and sure a right. I am

to I hope they'll all want right. I'm very happy go—has a "Well,looked I athadn'tme thoughtpeculiarlyof that."and said,And thinkCovenants.it's my

right feel to the sensations have and his I the with In companion. he walked that allowed mission was by my

first to him,which he come when didn't learned that it walking he count he find to president for myself. put

it life hislearns lose to what means for in walking, the much. And disappointed been have my would on myI

for gospel. the the of sake rememYou sisters, that brethren learn they if do and mission able I hadn't to been prove

ber, the Savior said that those who they do not count for much except as the truth of these words. I don't belay down their lives or lose their lives God gives them guidance. When boys lieve there is a boy in the Church tofor the gospel's sake shall in no wise begin to write in to me and say, day who has ever heard a story about

lose their reward. "Brother Young, we came to a fork his forefathers or about anybody who

Now, I don't mean these boys are in the road and didn't know which ever went on a mission and did the going to face bloodshed in losing their way to go, so we knelt down on our job well, who doesn't want to have lives. I mean it in a sense that a boy knees, and when we arose we felt im- (Concluded on page 322)

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wdpirauon for lAJuilclerd of NEW WARD and STAKE HOUSES Some of the most outstanding new ward and stake houses are built with Buehner concrete products: Otto Buehner

"MoSai"cast stone for a beautiful variety of exterior Above:Chapel, thelocatednew BeaconLaurelcrestat Ramona Ave. Wardand

Twentyfirst facings, East, designed sills, and for lintels, by Woods details; and ornamental and

architects, built and by Jenson Buehner units Block masonry for all interior walls and BrothersWoods, Inset Construction Company.

partitions, as well as for exterior surfaces. shows cast stone work over entrance.

Buehner "MoSai"cast stone, used on Bliehner Blocks, manufactured on modthe BeaconLaurelcrest Ward, includes ern Besser machines and tested for the steeple, facing on pillars, entrance strength and fireresistance, are widely casings, rails, window balcony ornaand used in church Beaconbuildings. The details. mental Beautiful cast "MoSai"

stone can be produced in a wide range of Laurelcrest Ward, for example, contains natural, lasting colors using granite, more than 40,000 Buehner blocks, used quartz, and vitreous aggregates combined for all interior walls, including partitions with various colors of highquality cement and loadbearing walls. Lower building

matrix, and in pleasing finish textures. costs, minimum maintenance costs, fire

Versatility of design, low upkeep, fire safety, sound absorption and insulation safety, and lasting beauty are a few of quality are a few of the many advantages the many advantages of of Buehner masonry units... ideal for

Buehner "MoSai"cast stone. fine homes, farm buildings, commercial

For further information on and public buildings as well as outstanduses and users of Buehner ing churches. For further information,

cast stone, write... call or write...

OTTO BUEHNER & COMPANY BUEHNER BLOCK COMPANY 640 Wilmington Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah 2800 So. W. Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Here are a few of many outstanding new church buildings constructed with

Buehner cast stone, Buehner blocks, or both: UTAH: Third and Clines Wards,

Vernal; Roslyn Heights and Mountain View Wards, Salt Lake City; Second Ward, Kaysville; Third Ward, Tooele;

Second Ward, Richfield; North Jordan Stake House. IDAHO: Idaho Falls Temple; Thomas Ward, Blackfoot; Fourth

Ward, Boise; First Ward, St. Anthony. ARIZONA: Capitol and Fourth Wards, Phoenix. OREGON: Klamath Falls Ward.

MAY 1949 321 320) page (Concluded from REPORT FROM NEW ENGLAND mentionedthat before yesterday,they come mayhome. have had in such to him a way happensomething

that he'll know also that verily they be given the words to say, and arriving The third and final right, of course, are true. And these are the words: at the meeting, opens his mind and says is the great thing, a testimony of Jesus.

"I the people, the pray and to that, Lord about say anything I need not that you to means any"And man"—and inspired to should say what I be the if missionaries I may done have because it hasn't been revoked since me,and

yet. say to you,"and then proceeds to say first two things I have mentioned, it is

what the Lord puts in his mind. That, as sure as night follows day that the

And any man that shall go and preach to my way of thinking, is one of the testimony will be theirs. The fervency

this gospel of the kingdom, and fail not to finest gifts which can come to a misof it will thrill you when they come continue faithful in all things, shall not sionary. He has a right to have that home as it thrills me and my colleagues

be weary in mind, neither darkened, neither experience. I pray to the Lord God of in the United States and in the other

in body, limb, nor joint; and a hair of his Hosts that all of the missionaries, the nations of the earth, wherever our boys

unnoticed. fall ground to the shall nothead fine four thousand and six hundred and girls go in the spirit of their callneither hungry shall not go theyAnd President boys and ing. girls whom McKay

athirst.

Therefore, take ye no thought for the May the Lord bless these great men morrow, for what ye shall eat, or what ye who are prophets and seers and reveshall drink, or wherewithal ye shall be lators, who send us forth to do the clothed.... bidding of God as we are inspired by

For your Father, who is in heaven, the Lord through his Holy Spirit. May

knoweth that you have need of all these President Smith's hand be upheld unthings. til to lives as with cares long as he he IN FAITH THE FUTURE

let the morrow take thought Therefore, is full strength. loved health and He 289) {Concluded page from itself. of the thingsfor goes, he everywhere. men Wherever

their lives their beforehand and and thought what make homes take ye Neither Albert President of George speak in treasure your up but their shall families say; faith in rear withye God their hearts, in relove with Smith

life, of and the words continuallyminds in future. faith the with doubt and No feeling of for his great ciprocative the in hour very it given shall you be will trouble (to more paramen make for the outside Church, them; love men every unto shall that meted be portionthat saying, old phrase are "People an I of. that be 8385.) he uppray 84:8081, I speak may (D. C.man. & trouble than anyone"), more but no sustained held the of our hand by and

also, will gain doubt always much we strength given that which and Father president, mission a proud myT am lives, building our by living by on desires to continue to so have a he* much sisters, a boy can brothers when and basis, solid in keeping our and houses I all his great for so work. pray on his meeting with cottage to awalk all order for solidly fupreparing and preside him. with those who full subjects he the which on ofmind ture events; the whatever eventuand

has studied long and hard in the prialities are, we can accept them with My testimony is that God lives and vacy of his room, but who has not faith and confidence in the promises that Jesus is the Christ, and the gospel made up his mind what he will say and purposes of our Father in heaven. of Jesus Christ as restored in these

at that meeting until, having prayed May God help us so to do, I pray in last days is true. I bear it in the name

before he leaves his room that he may the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. of Jesus Christ. Amen.

GOSPEL POSITIVES

(Concluded from page 288) girls and they in turn to theirs. Those ing up the kingdom of God; in blessing

what a responsibility it is for you, the values are there. and benefiting our fellow men.

father, to start that son out on an evil That law of chastity is not a nega- "... inasmuch as ye have done it

path, for he may pass that on to his tive proposition, but it is a positive unto one of the least of these my progeny, and it may go on indefinitely; one, because in its observance there are brethren, ye have done it unto me."

and it affects so many people. And spiritual values that far outweigh the (Matt. 25:40.) That is a positive command, constantly and must and be we beneficiary you physical that often dangers empha- a wonderfulthink what we

in busily effort engaged to our serve an of people generations others. size to of the the neglect I beto future bemay fellows positive teach and the them

full with a lieve that that the are start son out our children chancesif you the side of gospel to of Christ Jesus faith in God, our Heavenly Father, with will respond to the positive attitude be most effective, I believe, as teachan active understanding of the positive quicker and more thoroughly than they ers in Israel. There are many men

side of his duty, if you have trained do to the negative. Let's show them under my voice today who have that

him in the good things that he should the values that there are in that law. responsibility either in schools or in

do, steered him away from the bad Let's show them the values there wards or in stakes or in quorums, and ones so that he will pass those good are in the law of the Word of Wisit is our duty to be positive in our traits on to his posterity. What a blessdom. Let's show them the values teachings. I call to your attention the

ing you will have been to those unborn there are in the law of tithing and all fact that our teaching will have far generations that are yet to come. those laws which we hold up as standgreater effect if we are positive in ap-

I believe that every waiting spirit ards of the Church. They have their plying those teachings in our lives so

has the right to expect those oppositive side. They are not negative that men who listen to us can see the

portunities, has the right to expect a in their nature, and neither is the goseffect of those principles when they body when he comes into the world pel of Jesus Christ. It is a thing that are lived by a member of the Church

that will be free from disturbing eletoday and tomorrow and the next day, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, ments that would prevent his full realthis week and next week and next or any other, for that matter. Let us,

ization and development. I believe that month, the months of April, May, and as teachers, let us as leaders, be posiin teaching the law of chastity to our June, and on through the years, that we tive, militantly positive, in teaching

boys and girls, we should teach them should apply in our lives constantly these things and living them, and God the positive values of it, for they are and daily, not sit idly by and choose will bless our efforts, and may he bless there, and it is our duty to search them to do the things we ought not to do, you and me and those who are near out and understand them so that we but to be active, not in those forbidden and dear to us who are not here today, can pass them on to our boys and things, but active and vigorous in biuld- I pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Regular courses offered Graduate and Undergraduate Studuu Jnid +iummer at THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SOME SPECIAL FEATURES:

Educational Administrators Conference, Family Life Institute, Counseling

Workshop, AudioVisual Workshop, Institute for Educational Secretaries,

Institute of World Affairs, Junior College Seminar, Kindergarten Workshop,

Band and Vocal Clinics, Workshop on Secondary School Curriculum, Writers

Conference, Conference on Alcoholism and Education, Aviation and PreFlight

Training, Marketing and Merchandising Seminar.

RECREATIONAL FEATURES:

Motor Trips with Ski Lift Rides at Brighton, Guided Tour of "the face of the

Wasatch Range,"Pioneer Trail Tour, Square Dance Festival, Music Festival musical comedy and grand opera, Temple Square Tour with Choir Broadcast,

Weekend Trips to Yellowstone and other National Parks, Canyon Frolic, Trip to Bingham Mines and to the Great Salt Lake resorts, regular social and square dancing.

SOME VISITING SPECIALISTS:

Peter J. Wilhousky, Assistant Director of Music, New York City, Dr. Roy A.

Burkhart, internationally recognized youth, marriage and family life counselor,

Dr. Henry Aldous Dixon, President of Weber College, Dr. E. Allen Bateman,

State Superintendent of Schools, Fred M. Fowler, State Director of Guidance

Services, Jesse P. Bogue, Executive Secretary, American Association of Junior

Colleges, Charles M. Edwards, Dean, School of Retailing, New York University,

Frank O. Evans, building consultant, California school systems, Paul A. Fisher,

Principal of the Thomas Jefferson High School, Los Angeles, Ray L. Hamon,

Chief, School Housing Section, U. S. Office of Education, Margaret Lowry,

Professor of Music, Queens College, Ruth Lippenberger Roche, Columbia

University, Heber H. Ryan, New York State Department of Education, Jane B.

Stryker, Director of Kindergarten, University of California, N. Blaine Winters,

State Director of Teacher Personnel, George Davis, Fiction Editor of Mademoiselle, Martha Foley, editor of Best Short Stories, "Dr. Seuss"(Theodor

Seuss Geisel) author and illustrator of many books for children, Vladimir

Nabokov, novelist, John Crowe Ransom, author, Editor, Kenyon Review,

Wallace Stegner, author, Oscar Williams, poet and editor, Margaret M. Bryant,

Professor of English, Brooklyn College.

Write for Summer School Catalogue to Dr. Harold W. Bentley

Dean of the Summer School

MAY 1949 323

(Concluded from page 290) said to me as they reported their misyoung men kept their savings that they OCR GREATEST DUTY sions. Here are their words, I copied

might go on a mission. Start, after the matter with my going with you? them from a report book:

this conference, haven't already if you last persee the the of game, We'll the I myself. at with peace I know am so, son, son. "Here, withdone your off his the haps,"father with and went

I true the to go. know I want way Now I'll for dollars ten a put missionaway sick, to bless son brother a was who I learned to love happiness. to have way will fund, joinary me?""Well, you if officiate in by, to to stand the adnot life I changed. all seen people. a have

I'll in dollar,"will say. a put son your ministration. That's must do what we

He will do his share as far as he can. with our sons that they may rise to the Then one boy said to me, making his

That's the practical thing, for in the glorious opportunities that are theirs report of his mission:

Latterday Saint Church the whole later in the missionary world. Let them

family goes on the mission, if we get have the opportunity that is theirs later I heard a father bear his testimony in the full benefits out of it. in the mission field. Let them have the mission field. He had had a serious

time, of and period long a sickness over opportunities. chance. the them Give

grateful in appreciahis testimony bore he other one I say that"RTay word? See Save from embarrassments. them his then for recovery, and tion to the Lord the to gets particiboy a chance in order, brothers house Is your and his deaf son boy, His happened. miracle a

in activities thepate if Church, sisters? of the the Are ready you Lord fourteen for voice a heard hadn't who

especially the priesthood activities. should call you or your son tomorrow? years, arose and said, "I have heard my

Here is a fine example. I went to visit Have you trained your family that you father's voice for the first time."

a father one evening. He was a memcan say to your eldest son, "Well,

ber of the bishopric. His boy had perthey've called me, son, to go on a misGod bless us that we may prepare

suaded him to go to a basketball game sion."Will your son answer, "That's and do our part for the great days

with him, and all at once the telephone all right, father. Mother and I will get ahead in missionary service. May we

rang. The father turned to his son and along all right, because you have be true to those we love that they may

said, "Son, I am sorry. There is a trained us to do so"? be a pride and a joy to us, to the

call."He named the sick person who May God bless us that these ways Church, and to their Father in heaven,

had asked him to come to administer may be ours. If they are, then let me I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

to him. "Well,"the boy said, "what's read you what some young men have Amen.

(Concluded 285) from page conditionsof our own. Economic had TOLERANCE asgram,for isexampleit not possiblethe greatthatwelfarewhenprowe

increased, so thatchanged, membership vinity of the thing that they have that this plan necessary forit became doing, and are in but done asresources—anda nation shallwehavecan wellexhausteddo thatourif stakes some

ago, giventhe century a turn Lord had have do not we we about—when to where halfheartedly have we underit that the possible enlarged so could meet point is it notbe that reached taken to carry out the instructions and

of changingincreased and not will are membership those to that us who the counsel, whereby our people mayconditions, will the of so the Prophet be and for guidance and us look we stand independently upon their own this direcstand us pointing gave areLord from people a as held up who have met with difficulties. we

tions. Subsequently there followed I would like to add this in concluan economic way that will mean for

instructionsother as to salvation spiritual should what the we and economic sion. It is said that President Brigham

Presidentdo. Well, of people. I remember blessing our when and Young, this years many ago, made

in this tabernacle, spokeGrant I this great program, see in my I was statement president of a stake and sitting next brethren and sisters, as I see in all of to me was a man from my stake, a When the Constitution of the United States the programs of this Church, the way good man, and as we walked out after hangs, as it were, upon a single thread, of life and the way of salvation and will they call for to have elders MormonPresident Grant had and spoken had are these things to open and you me it to save utter from destruction: they andtold that us should stand our on for we for blessing are our and and they will it. step forth and do (Brigham said, thatown, he "Well, a good was to benefit given has them and God Young, Discourses, Journal 2:182, Feb. our of

itpolitical talk."so, has gone And us. not man. have from come They 18, 1855.)questioning motives—we have not May we not question the source and

learned, as I see it, to conform. It This is recorded in the Journal of when the counsel is given to us from

seems that it takes us a long time to Discourses and I presume it is actime to time may we at least recognize learn. In some stakes of Zion where curate, but however it may be, is it not not only the motives back of the counsel

the welfare program has been taken a possibility, that this Church, in its and advice but also the spirit and the hold of wholeheartedly it has not been great leadership and in the power that revelation that prompt the advice and difficult, and the men and women of will come to it in advocating the things counsel. May God so bless us, I pray

those stakes bear testimony of the dithat are divine and are right and true in the name of Jesus. Amen.

(Continued page 287) from forth labourers sendthat he would into his THE WORD OE GOD Englishlay downwriter,a rigidDr.legalism,Church butin hisas oneEsharvest. written: has Reviews, and it Jesus a provocation of says was To I send behold, your ways: Go you purest happiness that chosen had Godforth wolves. as lambs among his pupils persuasive He wooed by these men, unlearned simple men, and enter, into whatsoever house ye And ideals. transferred the of source hapHe

in to intellectual preferencefirst aristothis and say, house. Peace (Luke be to piness the the understanding gospel and of

10:1-3, 5.) cratic leaders. Throughout his minfrom external circumstances to the inward

istry, peasants and fishermen, the unlife of man. Goodness, morals, ideals

Some days afterward, we read in the learned and landless were called and depend upon one's attitude toward God.

gospel of St. Luke: he rejoiced that their mission had been It was fundamental to the ethic of Jesus.

sealed by God: that through the faith For this reason the Beatitudes are conIt joined heart. of purity with denotes the returned again seventy with And the the of they Twelve and Seventy

simplicity, singleness in of allegiance aim a devils saying, thejoy, Lord, even invested mysterious with are had been to the of the divine Master. teachings Thesubject us through thy name. unto

gifts his Spirit. of lifted the Jesus up religious ethical teachings pervading and disciples, his. unto turned he And

life ideal of in the kingdom first to Christ's instructions these Christian to of God privately, said eyes the.. Blessed areand

which see the things that ye see. (Ibid. inspire his disciples to heightened missionaries has become the foundation of

10:17, 23.) aspirations and endeavor. He did not (Concluded on page 326)

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TODAY'S BIGGEST DECORATING NEWS!

FULLER NOW GIVES YOUNever before so many stylized interior paint colors widest selection new interior colors!—rich, smart, modern! Never before so many colors

big Jewel Case color swatches—free! in such fine paint quality! Never before so much

handy Color Plan visualizer folders—free! practical decorating help! Today, Fuller—and only

Howto-Paint "knowhow"folders—free! Fuller—gives so much to make decorating so satisfying. Prove it for yourself. W. P. Fuller & Co.

New Help in Choosing Colors!

See Fuller's spectacular Jewel Case of 144 interior wall and woodwork colors;

the most helpful color display available today. Big, detached color swatches!

Pick them up. Experiment. Create color

schemes. Then take your swatches home.

They're free! Only Fuller gives you jumbo

Jewel Case color swatches!

New Help New Help when You Paint!

in Color Planning! Just follow the simple, clearlywritten

Slip your swatches into this slotted Color rules in Fuller's "Howto-Paint"folders

Plan visualizer folder. It's your color recto get good painting results. Separate

ord. Take it shopping. Saves color errors folders for walls, ceilings, woodwork and

in selecting fabrics. Helps clerks help furniture. They're helpful. They're easy

you. Helps you be safe and feel secure—to follow. They're free! Take as many as

before you buy! Only Fuller offers this you want! Only Fuller offers you these

free Color Plan visualizer folder. handy "knowhow"folders!

-FULLER IS FIRST fa&L

MAY 1949 325 THE WORD 01 GOD yourye mayheart,standmight,blamelessmind, andbeforestrength,Godthatat (Concluded from page 324) another words of wisdom; yea, seek, ye the last day. * * *

out best of the of books words wisdom; inner the faith light of the charity hope, Seventies of love, today. And with and learning, seek even study and by lives singleTheir also an to the the exhale eye glory of of aroma qualify complete God, by faith. (D. C. 88:118.) & consecration. for him salt the work. are the of They the

earth, the Light of the world. Joy will be the characteristic of the Remember faith, virtue, knowledge,

patience, brotherly kindness, of quorums so long Seventy as they temperance,godliness, charity, first humility, diligence. /"Iod's of demands his servants are growing, creating expanding, and

5-6.) (D. 6 C. 4:2, hearts, pure upright lives, healthfully. to they are cease grow, When

truthfulness, mercy, honesty. and Good live. they cease to sent into us God is Herein the Prophet conveying themanners as regarded were of matters the to world create enrich to our and his of charm teachings heroic an andreligion morality. and Boasting, ostenpersonality in process. the own Yet life. of conception the in good Histation, conceit, old of were considered rely to have to help on we God's make of the concept Christian virtues andthe patent evidences vulgarity. of anything If making. worth devote we is graces noble and comprehensive. He areThese the condemned scripby it ourselves to see to God, must we glorified exalted the principles and oftures. Seventies The must always keep that ourselves to have devote. we morals as given the the Savior of byin the mind grandeur the of First Aris "Self consecration negative not a world, the and aroused adoration ofticle is of Faith, the which greatest it is thing: thing,"positive a very says is for the gospel the men only whichstatement of since Truth the of days a evangelist. noted leads This to us It is to peace. the road the mission ofChrist our Redeemer, must keep They the that is knowledge are what we all Seventies the priesthold and who in the test mind religion, of supreme important more or than what do we to stimulate hood healthy majestic and is revelation.which religion can No If say. really are in conwise our we ideals selfdiscipline through the and itbe persuasive unless relies the on cepts lie of then God, thoughts our that in religion knowledge "pure andprinciple of revelation. All true men deeply, often though misunderstood. is life undefiled,"eternal.reveal the God, but carrier completest It takes to thoughts deep understand

testimony, brethren, the of A myof revelation other, can be less or no the depths the of divine of message truthfulness of of gospel the Jesusthan chosen personality. a is the This truth. this reason the For brethren can

is It trust. Christ sacred a can comeChristian conception. nobler the The hear speak, and those God whose to only his one heart has opened whoperson, the truer the revelation. hearts has find their touched can God

living to and hallowed with mind easily the to hearts of others. way

It faith earnest in the will prayer deep and noble be resolution for a

It is gift Living divine the God.every most to Seventy to himself: "I say difficult the times that Tn us surround

it all. is faith ofshall not "For and diligently wisdom read more and more the today, brethren holding the carrieth to the the which key kingdom thedeeply Scriptures Holy than ever

all priesthood of must, above God of heaven,"saysbefore."Asch. Sholem Bible, Holy of The Book things, true the to of as be word God Sir Francis his in admonishing Drake DoctrineMormon, and Covenants, and revealed the revealed as Master and by said: men, ofPearl Price Great are not intended today. truth of ever are words Thefor the few. Their subjectmatter conthe faith, joy, same. Love, peace, pass abide. people away, but See Menstitutes truth, all. for necessary us humility; these characteristic are the fast that the hold heritage leave ye we ofEvery quorum will seventy from ideas. Christian beautiful its the are children you, teach yea, your and How a oh become studynow group, where value, the in that centuries never coming the of Prophet Smith words Josephvital truths It are is discussed. within fail their their hearts them, or hands may said: he when asuch that group are stimulated men too Hitherto weak. have been grow we

to think and to converse in preparation... O ye that embark in the service much afraid. Henceforth, we will fear

for the teaching of the gospel. At a of God, see that ye serve him with all only God.

time when so much of our world literature is strangely blind to the glory and excellence at best, nature of human we THE SOURCE OF HAPPINESSshould dedicate ourselves again to the study of the truths and the beauties {Concluded {com page 282) Happiness certainly does not come and holiness of the sacred word of who live in this the promised land. from just idle goodness. The Savior

God. The price for prosperity is keeping said, "But he that is greatest among

the commandments of the Lord. There you shall be your servant."(Matt.

The Seventies, because of their were many times when Israel of old 23:11.) He could have said, "He that

calling, have a high mission set before was not in the favor of the Lord. Then is happiest among you shall be your

them. They should resolve that they the Lord withdrew his blessings, and servant."Active service to others is

will develop their mental and spiritual they became humbled again, and the serving God. That missionary is happowers toward maturity and learn to blessings of the Lord were again given piest who is truly seeking to serve his

have communion with great souls to the people. We find the same repetifellow man by declaring to him the

through the reading of their messages tion among the descendants of Lehi on message of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

of truth. The habit of reading must this continent. Active members of the Church everybe formed as early in life as possible. What about us? Can we profit by where experience the same happiness.A few minutes every day will soon be their experience? Nor does happiness stop with this life.

a great many hours. Do not miss the The Lord also promised, "All that For those who keep the commandthoughts of men who have lived in my Father hath shall be given,..."ments of the Lord to the full, and enter

former times. Broaden your underTo whom? And why? into the new and everlasting covestanding, nant, enliven are together sealed as and husyour for sympathy

all also this priestthey receive And whoother for peoples all eternity, time wife their band and and and living. of ways receive saith me, hood the Lord; shall the greatest your lives enjoy richer degreeMake of hapown and deepthat he For receiveth reservants my

piness. learning otherer by ideas visions and ceiveth me;

people.of books. Read good that receiveth he Read receiveth And me my as declared: Thus, Moses "The

Father; againthem until again and have you all source for of happiness mankind,"

that receiveth he reFather, And thedrawn my essence of feelthought and life life in the to and throughcome Father's kingdom; therefore mying from them. are These of the ceiveth some "is all eternity, all out the favour of God."that Father shall hath be my given untoreasons the Prophet why Smith Joseph him. (D. 84:3538.) C. help the & to us obtain Lord Maywrote: The reward for keeping the command- I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.it,

seek ye diligently and teach one ments of the Lord is happiness. Amen.

I POWER IN PRAYER (Continued from page 284) the human mind and body is as demonstrable as that of secreting glands. Its results can be measured in terms of increased

physical buoyancy, greater intellectual vigor, moral stamina, and a deeper understanding of the realities underlying human relations.

If you make a habit of sincere prayer your life will be very noticeably and profoundly altered. Prayer stamps with its

indelible mark our actions and demeanor.

A tranquility of bearing, a facial and bodily repose are observed in those whose inner lives are thus enriched. Within the depths

of his consciousness a flame kindles, and man sees himself—his selfishness, his silly

pride, his fears, his blunders. He develops

a sense of moral obligation, intellectual humility. Thus begins a journey of the

soul toward the realm of peace.

Enriched terrestrial is force as real as a Prayer vitamins and iron men, with seen physician gravity. I have a As

after all other therapy had failed, lifted out of disease and melancholy by the Royal Baking Co., Sal* lake & Ogden

serene effort of prayer.

Prayer is the effort of man to reach God, to commune with an invisible being, creator of all things, supreme wisdom, truth, beauty and strength, father and redeemer. "FOR YOUR EVERY HEATING NEED rr

Today, as never before, prayer is a lives of in the menbinding necessity |js the reliof emphasis onnations. The lack and CONSULT g*% w Y W** npgious sense has brought the world to the i

edge of destruction. Our deepest sense of

power and perfection has been left miserably undeveloped. Prayer, the basic exeractively spirit, pracof the cise be must of BUILDERS SUPPLY CO. soul neglected lives. in ticed our The

man must be made strong enough to assert ELBERT R. CURTIS, Manager

itself once more. For if the power of prayer

is again released and used in the lives of 2205 Highland Drive 7-5474 Salt Lake City, Utah if dethe spirit women, and mencommon is WINKLER COAL, GAS, AND OIL FURNACES its there boldly, clearlyclares and aims yet hope that our prayers for a better WINKLER noshear pin STOKERS world may be answered. WINKLER LOW PRESSURE OIL BURNERS

That from a scientist, brothers and A postcard will bring a demonstration of the new low pressure sisters. oil burner to your door.

This same dear friend of mine called Let us show you how to save up to 50% of your oil and my attention to an article, in the De90% of your service calls.

cember number, I think, of the Arizona

Highways on "Look to the Skies."It Prompt installations—FHA Terms if desired

is a very wellwritten article, well worth reading, and in speaking of the THERE IS A WINKLER DEALER NEAR YOU!

skies, it reminded me of a poem that I read and used just at the close of the war. It is a poem that was found on

the body of a dead soldier. He wrote

It refersit just hour. the zero before BOOR OF MORMON LOVERS SPECIAL PLAIT of prayer to the skies andto the power 5 for $1.00 Shasta Daisy (G. Marioni)

Empires,""Buried "Grandeur $1.00 Farnsworth's for 6 Victoria) Shasta (Queen Daisy fear. Qin taking away

$1.00 25 plants (Pacific Hybrids) Deph. ColBefore "Americas of Ancient America"and

for $1.00 (Concluded on page 328) 5 (Salmon) Hollyhock Double pictures Nedata regarding with and umbus"

Listing Plant Write and Seed for FREE etc., in pyramids, ruins, one temples, phite

ROHBOCK'S SON'S, INC. large book. Price $5.00.

P. O. 218 Dept. E, Orem, Geneva, Utah # "OTHER SHEEP,"a romance on the lines of

SOMETIMES "The Robe"and "Big Fisherman."based on

the Savior's life on this continent. Price $1.00.

By Elaine V. Emans (Usual discount to fulltime missionaries)

HEADQUARTERS % Both books have notes by archeologists, supSometimes one turns a bit and sees, M PHOENIX porting divinity of the Book of Mormon. Both

In places long familiar, new postpaid for $5.75. (Regular $6.00)

Vistas he had not seen before. Order Direct From

And, sometimes, when I look at you MOTOR HOTEL to should be known me in all Who

I still 13 00 WEST VAN BUREN PYRAMID PRESS surprise, facets now, Your

Intriguing, yet to be adored, SWIMMING POOL FOR GUESTS 609 S. 2nd East Salt Lake City 2, Utah

A new you smiling in your eyes. RESERVATIONS NECESSARY FOR WINTER:

MAY 1949 327 YOU CAN POWER IN PRAYER FLY BY CUPPER {Concluded from page 327) Our Master, just before his zero... And God Was There hour,prayer.spentWethearenighttoldin thatthe gardenhe shedin

Look, God, I have never spoken to you, drops of blood, but the concluding

But now I want to say, "How do you do?"words of that prayer show that he reYou see, God, they told me you didn't ceived his strength. "... not my will,

exist, but thine, be done"(Luke 22:42) were

And, like a fool, I believed all this. his concluding words and then on the

Last night from the shell hole I saw your cross:

sky I figured right then they had told me a lie. Father, forgive them; for they know not

Had I taken time to see things you made, what they do. (Ibid., 23:34.)

I'd have known they weren't calling a spade a spade. "\T7e are here today, brethren and sis-

* ters, because this great Church of if I wonder, God, you'd shake my hand. ours wonderbeen organized—a

I feel that will understand. Somehow you ful for the organization—establishedhas I this hellish to had to Funny place come last to taken time, from never be away

I to face. Before time see had your people, to another earth the or given

Well, I guess there isn't much more to say, and all in answer to a prayer, a prayer

But I'm sure glad, God, I met you today in a garden, the Sacred Grove. Yes,

I is I trust in there prayer, guess the will "zero here, and hour"soon power be ROUND

I I'm afraid since But not you're sisknow brethren up. will that and look we

is that prayer statement on that now

I'll signal! to Well, God, The have the resource go; the world of unused most

lots, I this I likeTHE WORLD near. ters, look up to the skies, that from to know. you want you

to will Latterday not, at least, apply this fightwill horrible Look, now, a be

Only Pan American flies to Who knows, I may come to your house Saints and also the saying that people tonight. use their prayers very much as a

all six continents... to 61 spare tire, only in times of emergency,

countries and colonies. So, Though I wasn't friendly to you before, when we are sick or have trouble.

at wait wonder, God, if you'd your true but of us, also that not be door. May to go, wherever you want crying! tears I'm it's Look,I Shedding Me! live, as and pray always we may we

I Clippers likely that these can years. fly you wish I had known many you say, too, can that "Not we, so pray

there directly... with a single Well, I have to go now, God, goodbye! my will, O Lord, but thine be done,"

ticket and a single set of bagStrange, since I met you, I'm not afraid to I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

gage checks. die. Amen.

You may fly abroad by one Clipper route, return by another—and still get important THE BOOK OF MORMON

roundtrip savings! (Continued from page 283) ence between them, that they were enspecific instances on that point. The dowed by their Creator with power

For information on flights, Book of Mormon accepts the Bible to act for themselves, and that they fares and reservations, call your unreservedly as the word of God. It are held responsible for their decisions

Travel Agent or the nearest accepts the five books of Moses as and actions. And as the Lord liveth,

Pan American office. havingthe modernistsbeen writtendeny. byIt Moses,accepts Thisthe thatinstructeddoctrinehis sonsis true.on theseLehi importantcarefully

great prophecies of Isaiah as the principles under which they were to * Trade Mark. prophecies of the son of Amos. The live and under which all people on the

Pan American Airways, Inc. resurrected Lord himself said, as reearth are to live. He taught them that

corded in the Book of Mormon, "Great there was an opposition in all things, are the words of Isaiah,"and he adas Brother Merrill explained this mornPAtfAMfflfCAtf vises us to read them. Further, this ing, the power of evil and the power

in it, of good. He told them that they were World Airways Book of Mormon, the doctrines

will false sustain against you many... flesh; all to the free according and that in doctrines are current the worldWORLD'S MOST EXPERIENCED AIRLINE are expedient are which things given them today.

free to are choose they unto man. And

About two weeks ago, I sat in a liberty and eternal life;... or to choose

PROFITABLE DAYS grouprecting wherea discussion.a learnedHe manpresentedwas thedicaptivity and death. (II Nephi 2:27.)

AHEAD FOR modern doctrine that there is no perThis doctrine that man is not moralsonal responsibility for wrongdoing. I ly responsible for his own acts, which

have heard that doctrine pressed so is gaining wide acceptance in the QUISH far as to hold that if a man commits a world today, is the doctrine of the evil

GRADUATES crime—lies, steals, commits adultery, one. If you will read the Book of

will of convinced be you Mormon, or personal even has no Capitalize on QUISH murders—he

training You'll now! that, will a defense be a have and you responsibility for his it is that act, but competent beautician when it if will the accept against you Book responsibility of society. the I comgraduated. proQUISH

vides with you technical of Mormon. evil teachthat the doctrine pared with

skill knowledge and gained ENROLL I like to as ings Lehi his sons he the gave of Mormon, was Book Now, SEND FOR NOW inFREE24 years.CATALOG TODAYl it, I his reinto like grave. will because it is a about and down to go you

SCHOOL OF member how he taught his sons that great American book. It was written

BERUTV33i SOUTHCULTUREMAIN mentweenweregoodplacedand evil,uponthatthe theyearthwerebeincans.America,It hasby peculiarAmericans,applicationfor Amerito

sufficiently taught to know the differAmerica. It is not full of foreign

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ideologies and uninspired interpretations of men. I believe that I am within

the mark when I say that between the pages of that great book there is more hisWHO overall theultimate truth about is in there than any BOOKS FOR THOSE of Americatory other book and, I will go so far as to libraries in all the of the thansay, more isn't of LOVE THE GOSPEL there where a Bookworld

Mormon.

In it the history of this great land of until is foretold. 420 A.D.America Up

history as it rmpRtss! the to pass ofthe comingwas foretold was faithfully recorded justm

by the historians who witnessed it.

with acquainted the Book who areWe GEMSCompiledOFand Edited byTHOUGHTDr. Milton R. Hunter history of that the knowof Mormon

America from 421 A.D. to the present Here at last... is a complete volume oftime is clearly foretold therein—the those beautiful and inspiring "Gems oflong withholding of the knowledge of Thought"that have been appearing in the $1.00

Spiritual Section. "Deseret Church News"the Gentiles, the comingthe land from

you'll reading enjoy and treasuring... 1 Presigems referred as to by of Columbus Authorities. of writings our General choice

this morning, Levident Edgar Young

GOSPEL fathers, the Pilgrim ofthe the coming

AND CLASS this the nation, of greatestablishment need this Tf< CHras new book this last in of great dispensaushering. brary..SsocXra.". H>storicafor TILe tion. forethings All there these are ground of 'octrine anc Covenants, clearly told as as write by can anyone E. Cecil

transpired. they them have now after McGa vin t $2.00 to great of these pass comingThe

prophecies of the Book of Mormon is an evidence of its divinity which the world cannot destroy. SPECIAL

/\f the future of America the Book NOTICE

PRICELESS WORKERS FOR GENEALOGICAL of gives We have wondersome Mormon openings for some locali2lws into ful to time not views. I have go Many'n ward <* an teLstake in detail, to but our them Fa- I would FAMILY groups RECORD are using

to raise 'tuniiY in the that ther people heaven who 'Vppo time $2.50 this of the nation BINDER have management placing good reading matter records family records genealogical Valuable and in the libraries them. acquainted with become would

. filed *heir.. easily, quickly conveniently can be now, members. For?*further that of us advises espeBook safely.The Mormon Binders were Record Family and details write direct to of cially requests the thousands designed to meet Bookcraft is Christ, the our Redeemer, Jesus God

of research. genealogical doing Church members

that said of this land has and he some today. yours Order

very definite things about the future of America. Our own nation has a ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL CHURCH BOOK DEALERS

great stake in that future. If we will

live the laws that the God of this land in the teaches Book of Mormon, we SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES in participate the realization of the can marvelous promises made for the fuWrite tor listing of books and special discount privileges ture of America. Here the New Jerusalem shall arise, and Christ shall come

and bring peace to the earth.

Now, I like the Book of Mormon, and you will like it, too, for the courBOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH age and the strength it inspires in times of discouragement and stress. Consider as an example a few incidents from

the life of Nephi, whom I love and whom you will love, too, I'm sure, if you become well acquainted with him. Representatives for—|[\l USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS

recall will he how, when came You the mountain from where he down had HAMILTON Aidssore throatin treatmentand otherof Canker,minor simplemouth to the praying Lord, been his OMEGA he found and throat irritations. elder brothers whining the because GIRARDPERREGAUX

told to to them had Lord Jerugo up plates. the brass get salem and He (Excellent Watches for HALL'S graduation) REMEDY their join in did whining. not When City, Utah Salt Lake

of learned he the commandment, he Exclusive Kirk Silver Dealers father: said unto his

... I will go and do the things which FINE DIAMONDS EASYSEE THETERMSBLIND MAN FOR

the Lord hath commanded, for I know that FREE ESTIMATES the Lord giveth no commandments unto LeysonPearsall Co. CRMMANS

shall the children of men, save he prepare 236 South Main that they accomplish for them a may way the thing which he commandeth them. (I Salt Lake City, Utah VENETIAN BLIND & SHADE CO.

Nephi 3:7.) 2420 SOUTH STATE ST. PHONE 6-1827

(Concluded on page 330) MAY 1949 329 THE BOOK OF MORMON {Concluded from page 329) for behold he is mightier than all the earth, Here is an example of faith and

When they reached Jerusalem, Lathen why not mightier than Laban and his courage which, if we can emulate, will man was chosen to go into the city fifty, yea, or even than his tens of thoudo mucri to help us through our doubtand get the record from Laban. He sands. {Ibid., 3:31; 4:1.) ing and diScouragement, Ior we serve

get it, did not because he however hi finall in alone went and N not he could knew Laban get it. When came. theHe samewill sustainGod thatus Nephieven served,as he susand faith plates the with back He had

said him. to robber, are a and You will serve him even Nephi if we of tained with the help and he had courage;

I will slay thee ran. outArriving he him. served as Nephi the Almighty accomplished God he

side the city walls, Laman, with Lemthi which he had been sent to do Y urge you to get acquainted with uel, wanted the wilto go down into it chilto your faiththis great book. of the outstanding most Read Qne their derness to father the without to unyoung not too are statements they of Nephi was dren; promoting record, JNephi said: but it it. I reading remember derstand reacned they the border made when

he very lads after was with the in of when one sea had been of my *u j the*. j vliveth, <.uthe rLord theyi as and,,... Asa j we live,i- tI *ulthe ilay occasion eight fort one years. young Lordt r\On tThe i-m will not father in wilderness unto our go down we

- ln the he told bunk and to build lower him bunk a did not He until the wilderness uPPer shiPaccomplished have we the thing which the Lord hath commanded have any ore or tools or material with We were each reading aloud alternate us. (Ibid., 3:15.) which to build the ship but, nothing paragraphs of those last three marveldaunting, he went into the mountain ous chapters of Second Nephi. I heard

Yielding to Nephi, they went to their and dug out the required ore. From the his voice breaking and thought he had

former home and gathered up their skins of animals he made a bellows a cold, but we went on to the end of precious possessions which they ofwith which to blow the fire, which he the three chapters. As we finished he

fered for the records. Pursued by started by striking two stones together, said to me, "Daddy, do you ever cry

Laban's guard, they abandoned their As he made preparations to build the when you read the Book of Morwealth and fled for their lives. Again ship, his brothers said of him: mon?"

the elder brothers desired return to I "Sometimes answered Son '"'is fool,. brother, Yes, for a he thinketh ur their to father wilderness. in the They r - to witnesses that build he can also p * a and he shiP; yea harsh to spoke so words Nephi and

is at the of cross thi"keth - these sul Mormon 9,.ca reat my B,ook severely that angel whipped him an,% *"f Waters \%17:U '] * tru that do (/tef"C*V> corrected and them. After thecame }

is said, "that he "Well,"f what hapdeparted, angel had his their Mistaking sorrowing and Laman over Lemuel continued to murmur, saying: misconduct for discouragement, they pened to me tonight."

taunted him. then stood the will all up in respond He of not them I know

is it possible that the will Lord.. How spirit of the power and said unto I of that that, but some know deliver into our Laban hands? Behold, he thf>m j tl tel1 *t.ithis 1 was lbook and likethem Wl11,n 'is fifty, man, mighty a he and n you can command

yea, even he can slay fifty; then why not... If God had commanded me to do all given to us of God to read and to live

us? things I could do them. If he should comby, and it will hold us as close to the

I that this that to pass should I [Nephi] water, It came unto say And spake mand me Spirit the of Lord, as it brethren, if earth, "I know. unto saying: thou earth; be should Let us be up I \-K go and my

read anythinq.[lU Won.,fc Please it, it let faithful again Jerusalem, unto you (Ibid., should 17: say and done. us be be would

in keeping the commandments of the Lord; 50.) God bless you. Amen.

WE SHOULD IMPROVE OUR COMMUNITIES

associates—even(Continued thoughfrom pagethey280)be not of weposes.can Iaccomplishmight say ourat therighteousoutset purthat intoto bringthe heartsthe sameof ourjoy neighborsand happinesswith

our faith, nevertheless they, the majorwhat we undertake to do for ourwhich the Lord has blessed us all our ity, desire righteousness rather than selves is not with any selfish purpose lives.

evil to predominate in the communities in mind. It is not to obtain any power We had a conflict up there in the

in which they live. And so it is up to or dominion over others. It is to bring legislature about the Sabbath day. I

you and me, where we are minorities, to them, in effect, the same blessings would like to go into some of the things to make ourselves majorities by conthat we seek for ourselves, those Godthat have been said about the Sabbath verting those who need converting to given rights secured to us by the laws day from the time of Adam on. So

these specific programs, programs of this great nation. And so we can far as I know the Lord has never

which we have in mind to bring about go forward. If any of us have any changed the law of the Sabbath. In

the kind of suitable conditions under doubts as to our rights in this matter, the days of early Israel with all of which we can establish our homes and we need only to read the 134th section Israel's faults they kept the Sabbath rear our children. Our efforts should of the Doctrine and Covenants to find day holy, and they did the Lord's work

not be confined to the times of politiall of the instruction and inspiration on the Sabbath day. They literally

cal elections. We should be on duty that any righteous man needs to go closed the gates of Jerusalem. They

always. forth and do his duty. We must all did not permit vendors to bring their

strengthen the community in which we wares to the gates to be sold on the

I again, to say the want live, commend as from well a civic Sabbath and political have had the gospel day. WeI legislature I tell the religious from of standpoint. of to us you, bottom proclaimed as a the Sabbath day my

heart. Our fine stalwart brethren stood my brethren and sisters, that when we through all generations of time. Should

in this last state legislature and raised exercise this kind of faith and courage there be any doubt in our minds as to their voices under the inspiration of in behalf of our neighbors as well as what course the Latterday Saints their priesthood to uphold and sustain our own members we will accomplish a should take with reference to the Sabrighteousness in the enactment of laws, great missionary work in this world, bath day? Are we to open our stores,

We had a conflict, in our own legislaThere will be men and women brought are we to carry on our commercial ture here last time, which I want to to investigate the principles of the gostransactions on the Sabbath day the mention for a moment, on two or three pel because they will see the kind of same as we do on a weekday, or are issues, specifically which came before fruits in us which this gospel has borne, we to close our establishments? Well,

them. We should have them in mind Their doors will be opened to us the answer is obvious. Now, why isn't

as we go back to our homes and begin through our civic activities to preach any law which has for its purpose the to devise ways and means by which the gospel of the restored kingdom and maintaining of the Sabbath day sacred 330 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA a law which we should uphold and sustain and support and vote for on every occasion that we have a legal right so to do? To hold otherwise

would be to tell us that we have not the right to use our own free agency d"so far as the affairs of government are concerned.

rEVE had another law on our books

With reference to liquor, and thereWwas an effort made to expand the present liquor law to the detriment of the people. Nobody had to ask anybody any questions as to where the

right and the wrong were to be found.

If there are any Latterday Saints today who think that the old open saloon is uplifting or would help us build a better community, it must be because they are not old enough to remember the days when we had those institutions in our midst and saw from actual experience the results and the evils, the demusic inspirational worldfamous The in, setterioration that the and sorrow is Organ Tabernacle of the Mormon vice places of that hardships, suchthe fine these MAAS by enhanced now I feel to again brought. commend So installed recently The instruments. legislature state inthose our saw who the and Chimes Cathedral set of Maas against act which fit to had vote any are among Celeste Harp MaasRowe

its of the the bringingfor back purpose Octamonically first the of new the open saloon. They do not call it that Tuned Maas and MaasRowe products.

now, but that is what it would have

Cathedral Tuned Octamonically Maas liquor sale of by had had been we belltrue fine, same, the are Chimes let of us drink, not any the and do is famous, for which Maas chimes tone that. voices raise our us forget Let quality produced an added but with whenever we have the opportunity, "octamonical tuning."... Now for theby

and create the opportunity, my brothers first time in any chimes, not only the and sisters. Let us elect men to office pitch notes, but also the octave parwho will be opposed to the institution tials are TUNED—brought into harin our midst of such places of vice as monious concord with the related pitch

notes. It is saloon. enough bad the open

no extra at quality is yours This added all. at in liquor to traffichave We certo will find... Investigate! You cost.

tainly should not go farther than we it still true of Maas Chimes that have. If it is necessary, in order to "though their cost is lower, their value

fight this evil, to meet the opposition is immeasurably greater."

on the other side, why, then I say to you from the bottom of my heart, let Your nearby Maas dealer invites you us start fighting for prohibition, for to call ior a demonstration of these after all, that is what we ought to have great Chimes and Carillons. Listen to MAAS... Hear with

to maintain the kind of communities your own ears how we have achieved this new quality...

us Father have would our Heavenly the timsacrificing without—Chimes Cathedral flow Maas

conin this world, and maintain any truly IN TUNE than true bell more sound tones—of bre

his. this canin of land tinent, and on Wethis chime. other of blessings the receive to not hope

our Heavenly Father here, in as rich Accept no printed claims. Compare Maas Chimes with any

abundance as he is willing to give them other system. Let your EARS judge. Even the most critical

to us if we do not exercise every listener will acclaim Maas superiority.

power that we have to make this a land choice above all others. ProhibiWRITE FOR DESCRIPTIVE LITERATURE

tion would help to make it that, and the AND NAME OF YOUR NEAREST DEALER open saloon would make it the con- 'Hearing is believing... Listen before you buy!"

trary.We had one other bill that I would

in conclusion to like about speak and MAAS ORGAN COMPANY racing bill. I suppose is the that horse

there is no harm in horse racing, but Dept. 8 3015 Casitas Ave.

there is no more insidious vice on earth Los Angeles 26, Calif.

than gambling. It is destructive of the Please send complete literature:

Chimes Maas Cathedral Maas Carillons is not live morals. does who The man

Automatic Harp MaasRowe Hymn Players in not the faith, I do strong enough Vibrachimes to his past record has been, care what

Nametherein start continue in gambling and and keep the faith. If there are any Address.

desire in this horse people state who

Type Organ you have is incident that racing the gambling and thereto, we invite them to leave and to go to places where those things can be had. We do not have to have them

(Concluded on page 332) MAY 1949 331 WE SHOULD IMPROVE OUR COMMUNITIES (Concluded from page 331) not open the doors to the element that learned to love you. I look forward

in our midst. I feel to say that no man follows horse racing with all the vice with the greatest of pleasure every

can maintain his full standing in this and corruption that would come into week of my life to coming into your

Church and keep his faith and at the this state. stakes and into your homes and enjoysame time have anything to do with Well, now, my brethren and sisters, ing your spirit. I want our communihorse racing and gambling. I hope that you will accept this adties, in which we live, to be maintained

Now, brethren, let us take this serimonition in the spirit in which it has in keeping with the spirit which we ously. In those communities, in this been given. I love the Latterday have here in these conferences and in

state, where horse racing and gambling Saints; I am indebted to all of you for our quarterly conferences and the spirhave become more or less of an instituyour faith and prayers and the support it that we can have in our homes if

tion, let us use our faith and our courthat you have given me as I have we will say our prayers daily. May

age to eradicate them as such and to gone through the Church attending the Lord bless us to this end, I humbly elect men to the legislature who will your quarterly conferences. I have pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

OUR HOMES—DIVINEIY ORDAINED

{Continued from page 279) into the homes of tomorrow. ConThese will be the restraining influence

of six, say to the young men and womversely, if there are bickering, quarrelin the group when gilded temptations en of America, keep the fountains of ing, and lack of harmony at home, and arise. Parents who surround their

life pure. Guard your virtue as you participation in the dangerous, pracchildren with the refining influence of

would your lives. Reserve for the martice of flirtations with others when daily devotion are making their conriage relationship the sweet and soulaway, then the homes of tomorrow will tribution to the safeguarding of the

satisfying intimacies of life. The God be weakened thereby. American home.

of heaven, who instituted the marriage America's homes need, also, the covenant, so intended. He has comParenthood carries with it peculiar stabilizing influence of a closer relamanded purity of life and a single responsibilities. If these are actionship between parents and children.

standard for men and women. If you cepted without quibbling, while enEvery boy and girl needs the safefail as young people properly to rethroning motherhood as the highest guard which an intimate association

strain yourselves, you will pay the calling of women, our children—the with mother or father will provide. penalty in heartache, disappointment, parents of tomorrow—will be properly The failure of parents and children to

and loss of selfrespect. Do not reach impressed and encouraged in the estabunderstand each other weakens the

out too eagerly for the excitements and lishment of like homes. framework of the home. This relathrills of life or they will turn to ashes The homes of America need also the tionship must be built upon love and

in your hands. They will come in blessings which come from daily commutual confidence. Then when the

their own due time in the sacred bonds munion with God. Devotion in the problems of life arise, Father and

of marriage. Youthful sweethearts, be home, which has been such an anchor Mother will be the first sought for

true to God's holy laws. Remember, to youth and parents alike, has all but counsel. Herein is safety.

they cannot be broken with impunity. vanished. A few generations ago it Such an atmosphere can be created

If you would be happy and successful was a common practice. Then families as parents plan for recreation and

in your early association, courtship, knelt together in prayer; the scripdiversion together with their children.

and homebuilding, conform your lives tures were read aloud; and houseAn evening at home in wholesome acto the eternal laws of heaven. There is holds joined in the singing of church tivity; a picnic in the mountains or

no other way. hymns. This practice, if revived, would nearby park; or a project for fathers

As parents, what is our attitude recontribute much to the strength of the and sons and mothers and daughters garding the sacred obligations of parhome and the nation. The differences these will all tend to increase filial afenthood? One of the two major purand irritations of the day melt away fection and love in the home, and

poses of marriage is children. "Multias families approach the throne of strengthen parentchildren relations.

ply and replenish the earth"(Genesis heaven together. Unity increases. The Time thus spent yields big dividends.

1:28) was among the earliest comties of love and affection are reen- Love at home and obedience to parents

mandments given of the Lord. Naforced and the peace of heaven enters. increase as the bonds of home are

tions which refuse to accept this GodIn such homes secret prayers are made secure.

given obligation, sink into oblivion. said night and morning by members Parents in this close association have

Will our sons and daughters want of the household. Individual and famino difficulty teaching virtue, honesty,

children because of our attitude and ly problems are approached with conindustry, the principles basic to our example? fidence after invoking the favor of American way of life and the dangers

Marriage, designed to be an eternal heaven. Young people participating of foreign philosophies and ideologies.

covenant, is the most glorious and most in such a family devotional have Effective parental guidance—the greatexalting principle of the gospel of Jesus hearts freed from evil intent as they est need of the home—-is here provided

Christ. No ordinance is of more imleave for an evening of entertainment. to the profit of the individual, the

portance and none more sacred and home, the community, and the nation.

more necessary to the eternal joy of Herein, then, lies our path of safety.

man. Faithfulness to the marriage THE FLOWERING TREE Our homes must become bulwarks of

covenant brings the fullest joy here By Edna M. Kurtz strength through enthroning righteousbringing ness peace, and the into them hereafter. glorious rewards and The folk, see our neighbor never unity, unselfishness engendered and by despoils ordinance sacred of this abuse WE their name, even Don't know

fidelity, purity, personal unquestioned individuals, lives the the of wrecks big blocks completely hedge For that basic institution of the home, and The getacquainted game. and simple family devotion. Parents

inaccept as must divine marriage a nations. the of causes downfall

lives, live their and we live They ours, stitution, Chilhonor and parenthood. will future of America homes The share, thing one yet we And

inspired precept and be dren must by fortified the as parents uphold be tree their flowering spring every For

Christian virtues before their children. Bursts forth with beauty rare example in preparation for marriage,

as against unchastity guard against If parents love each other, and respect hedge nor fence, to not by bounded And disease, practise a loathsome and to there if in their partnership sacred and branches Its lovely grow;

are full support and unquestioned fideliIt blooms each spring for all of us the other fundamental Christian virty, these essentials will be translated Its loveliness to know. tues. Love and mutual confidence must

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be safeguarded to strengthen parentchildren relationships. Home must be- "WHO IS MY NEIGHBOR?"

come the abiding place of the Spirit {Continued from page 277) because of their easiness and willingness to of God because the pure in heart dwell passing by on the other side as did the believe in his words. (Helaman 6:36.)

therein. selfrighteous Levite, but by going to

Yes, America's homes, if this great the limit as did the good Samaritan, in The Lamanites are firm and steady nation is to endure, must be fortified binding up his wounds, pouring in "oil note the testimony of the prophets conand preserved. They must be morally and wine"setting him on our own cerning them.

spiritually sound.and There can be beasts, inn, taking to for him paying an

... the Lamanites the had become, more satisfactory substitute for the home.no his revisiting care him. and Lord The them, of part people a righteous insomuchIts foundation is as as ancient the said, likewise."thou and do "Go their that righteousness did of that exceedworld. Its mission has been Godor- Inare asked: the Again Will we of the their Nephites, firmness because and

dained. dian revert even if we do give him their steadiness in the faith. (Helaman

May God grant that the builders of education? Yes, he will revert to his 6:1.)

American homes may have the courformer condition if only a few are... in the thirtieth year the church was

age and wisdom to fulfil faithfully trained, but let the Indian be given broken up in all the land save it were the of a few Lamanites were among whotheir divine obligations, to inspire accredited training universal and and faith; the true converted unto they and people withyoung a conviction of the opportunity revert. and he will not it, depart not from for they would were

importance of these Godordained inThe chasm between what he is and firm, and steadfast, and immovable, willing stitutions of marriage, the home, and what he will be is opportunity. It is with all diligence to keep the commandfamily, that the marriages of our boys ours to give. ments of the Lord. (Ill Nephi 6:14.)

and girls may be consummated under Basically the Indian is intelligent, af- a spiritual influence in the presence of fectionate, responsive, honest, stable, Jesus said to his disciples:

friends and loved ones, thereby laying and is of believing blood. There is

I faith great never seen have So... for safe their foundationa reason every assured the that homes of to be red

I all the not wherefore could Jews; among willtomorrow. loyal remain to the true man and great miracles, them because unto so

gospel the and this Church, so today, in once he the greatest of And their unbelief. is showofall nations, in this land choice above brought into the fold. We have heard Verily I say unto you, there are none

all others, we pay humble tribute to of his traditions and superstitions, of of them that have seen so great things as the home, for a modern prophet dehis ferocity and wildness, of his degye have seen; neither have they heard so

clares, radation and uncleanness, but let us great things as ye have heard [of his peoconsider his potential, as revealed by a ple]. (Ill Nephi 19:35-6.)

... that someday the divinely ordained review of his ancestors.

home is to be the very foundation of the The Lamanites have believing blood, After about threequarters of a cenkingdom of God. as evidenced by these words from the tury the Lamanites converted by Alma

sixth chapter of Helaman: and Ammon and their brethren, were May a kind Providence bless the still firm and true, as indicated by the

homes of America, I humbly pray in And thus we see that the Lord began Prophet Samuel who said:

the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. to pour out his Spirit upon the Lamanites, (Continued on page 334)

For Graduation Time and Every Time

ABOUT

p/lfi*

Illil rt! i"

$150 $150 $100 also - Another New Edition of GOD PLANTED A TREE - $1.00

AT BDDK STORES EVERYWHERE For Autographed copies write to Ota Pate Stewart, Atascosa, Texas

MAY 1949 333

"WHO IS MY NEIGHBOR?'I"Tpon one occasion Nephi, who had

(Continued from page 333) were often absorbed by, and were *"** given up his judgeship, and his

... in are part of the them more the called, they Nephites, were when great general, Lehi, a brother was who

cirduty, their they of walk do andpath is also righteous, true that the and it so with and eloquence such preached beforecumspectly God. rebelled bethey and Nephites when eight that thousand conconvincingly

... striving with they are unwearied and called ofttimes wicked, were came into the Church. These verts came the bringdiligence that remainder they may

of their brethren to the knowledge of the Lamanites, and there was undoubtedly men were so righteous and full of faith truth;... a considerable mixture among them. that though they were encircled by

Therefore, as many as have come to These children of promise were fire they could not be burned. While

this, ye know of yourselves are firm and great preachers of righteousness. Untheir mission was yet unfinished and

steadfast in the faith. (Helaman 15:5-6, der their teaching on numerous occawhile in this trying ordeal their faces

8.) sions, a nation was born in a day. shone like that of Moses when he was

"As many as were converted of the They were so convincing in their speaking to the Lord, and caused that

Lamanites by Ammon and his brethren proselyting that "... insomuch that their persecutors should ask, "Who is

never did fall away."(See Alma 23: they (Gadiantons) have become exit with whom these men do converse?"

6.) tinct..."from among the Nephites. and Aminadab replied, "They do conIt should be noted that the Lamanites (See Helaman 6:18.) verse with the angels of God."

A nation was born in a day when

Ammon and his brethren converted the

Lamanite king, Lamoni, and also his father, the chief king, whose entire house was converted and "thousands were brought unto the knowledge of the Lord."Whole cities and lands ATTENTION! GOSPEL bowed to the Lord and joined the

Church, and in the year 36 A.D. it is

stated that all the Lamanites and DOCTRINE TEACHERS AND Nephites in the land were converted.

These children of the prophets, both

Lamanites and Nephites were recognized of God. Great manifestations CLASS MEMBERS... came to them as an evidence of the

love their Father in heaven had for them. The Lamanite king, Lamoni,

THE saw his Redeemer, so near to perfection did his life become after his conversion. NOW AVAILABLE... HISTORICAL Abinadi was a great prophet and like

a new book filled with Moses on Sinai his face shone with a wealth of information BACKGROUND radiant lustre as he stood before his never offered to the OF THE sayingpersecutors and boldly defied them public before.

I will not recall....

I will suffer death, even until and... DOCTRINE and I will recall they shall and not my words,

stand as a testimony against you....

COVENANTS BY E. CECIL MCttflWM ONLY and(Mosiahwith 17:9,such 10),fortitude he died, burning at the stake. This was one of the

.00 Special rates to classes—$1.60 PER loyal Israelites.

COPY for four or more copies. rpHE first prophet Nephi was great

like Moses and Brigham Young.

vision future of the immeasurable His discusses research, of careiul years of twenty the result volume, unusual This to comparable the one received was revelations came. these modern out of which historical background the full

Doctrine revelation, of the each historical environment the you Unless Smith. know Enoch, and by Moses, Joseph

give 24S fully or understood. pages These appreciated is not Covenants and land, the populapromised saw the one He revelations. of Really a the "must"historical back movement the of view a full

book for every Church library. tion of Lehi's seed as numerous as the

THE SAME 20% DISCOUNT FOB FOUR OB MORE COPIES IS AVAILABLE ON sands of the sea. He saw war, slaughTHE FOLLOWING VALUABLE CHUBCH BOOKS ter, cities destroyed. In his vision he

Nauvoo, the Beautiful..$3.00 Mormonism and saw the birth, life, and ministry of the

Christ, his to the coming Western $2.25 Masonry The Mormon Pioneers..$2.50 his organizing Hemisphere and Church Cumorah's Gold Bible....$2.25

Geography of the Book of Mormon.75 righteousnesshere. He sawandthreethen centuriesgenerationsof unof

Available at your local book dealers, or order them direct from Salt Lake righteousness, with battles culminating

City. Add 5c per book for postage. in the destruction of millions, followed

by centuries of degradation, scattering, suffering. persecution, and He saw 2601 P. O. BOX

City. Utah P. O. BOX Salt Lake out of the Eastern nations grow emPlease send me - copies pires, and the kingdoms of the Genof tiles arise. He saw Columbus and other

the cross the deep, explorers and C.O.D. Check enclosed Send

settle pilgrims puritans and a new - NAME 2601 country. the envisioned RevoluHe SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ADDRESS

TOWN - STATE tionary War, the total subjugation of the descendants of Lehi, the coming 334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Bible, the restoration of the gosFew groups of children of all time fearing people. The transition was

pel, the organization of the Church, the have been so honored and blessed as soon made from skins and loin cloths,—andcomingtheforthbalanceof theof Bookhis visionof Mormonwas not wereones whothese wereLamanitetakenandintoNephitethe armslittleof fishing,to clothesto agriculturalof linen; fromwork;huntingfrom warand

written. our Redeemer and blessed by him. and bloodshed, to peaceful pursuits;

With undaunted faith he had preWhat a privilege! They were encircled from paganism and idolatry to the

served the brass plates; with the vision by fire and angels ministered to them, worship of the Living God. They were

and courage of a Noah he builded but the greatest of all was the actual called the AntiNephi-Lehies, and ships; and with the leadership of the embrace by the Son of God while their were so devout and sincere in their

great he led his people to the promised exultant parents watched and prayed professions that they buried their land. and bore record. weapons and declared unalterably

If for valor, look you stamina, would against "... if said: war. They and children of these of Another God

steadfastness, recall the experiand brethren our us destroy shall behold we like old, Aminadi, of Daniel who, was of ences the converts of and to shall our go God, Ammon and saved."be his that with so in tune he Lord was

brethren. red Here were men continued they and attacked were deWar interpreted the the writings of his wall on

the temple which were written there generated, untrained, and primitive, but they prostrated themselves before accepted the gospel and quickly who their enemies "praising in the very God the finger of God.by

to sober, industrious, changed God- (Continued on 336) page Alma, Saul of Tarsus, the American had manifestations that were awesome.

Like Paul, he was transformed from a destructionist to one of the great preachers of all time. An idolater,

tearing down the Church with his eloquence, he was stricken and a voicefrom the clouds said to him MOM WILL

Alma, arise and stand forth, for why per secutest of thou the church God?

shall nothing and overthrow... This LOVE US MORE is my church

it.... Behold the Lord hath heard the

prayers of his people, and also the prayers his servant father; of is thy Alma, who EVER

for faith has prayed he with conWAN much cerning thee.... And I am sent from God

-—seek to destroy the church no more...

(See Mosiah 27.)

After two days and nights of dumbness and helplessness he was healed, and devoted the balance of his life as did Paul, to righteousness and service, taking the gospel to the despised and unclean Lamanites.

Another of the spiritual giants who came from this now persecuted people was General Moroni, who was stalwart like his brethren, Alma, Helaman, and Ammon. "He was a strong and a

mighty man; he was a man of a perfect understanding... yea,... if all

men had been and were ever would be like unto Moroni, behold the very powers of hell would have been shaken forever...."

Has the world ever seen a more classic example of indomitable will, of faith and courage than that displayed by Samuel the Prophet: "One of the

Lamanites who did observe strictly to keep the commandments of God...."

Visualize, if you can, this despised

Lamanite standing on the walls of

Zarahemla and while arrows and stones were shot at him, crying out to his white accusers that the sword of justice hung over them. So righteous

was he that God sent an angel to visit him. His predictions were fulfilled in

due time relating to the early coming of Christ, his ministry, death and resare perfect for urrection, and the eventual destruction of these Nephite people. So great

faith had he that the multitudes couldnot harm him until his message was &nj dnmvA/i&cUiy.

delivered and so important was his message that subsequently the Savior required a revision of the records to m include his prophecies concerning the GLADE CANDY COMPANY - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH resurrection of the Saints.

MAY 1949 335.

"WHO IS MY NEIGHBOR?"wentstriplingsinto wentthe grove,into battlewith unwaveringas Joseph

faith, they from emerged and many {Continued folk page could 335) teach from darkskinned HPhese ".. battles soul not bloody one and

faith strength five perishing."Their us of much. and thousandact One perish."of did them thousand One. children. their slain, to transmitted to theyof but them went was were fighting side side Nephites with by

little spenttheir Lamanite death These women slain, all the of them 2,060 were were life in worldlisocial their time and... fainted wounded, hundred and covenanting two vouching with God, and their to themselves ness, but devoted

their loss blood that rather the of shed than faith their of blood, from but was families, teaching to and pray thembrethren, their give they up would all own justified lived to they return to and uprightly before the Lord.""walk lives; rather take than a from and away their sweet Lamanite mothers who their young boys had who rathgive him;brother they When unto would and praised for the miracle. The God to protect their oath forced er idleness in than they taken were no spend days teaching in these Godfearing homes their labor abundantly hands. withwould battle families, as their to and came

just there was a "That and was God that, see thus the Lamanwhen we And sons"they unconwere "Helaman's did that not whosoever they doubt ites believe to to brought and were know Their querable. mothers promised had his should preserved marvelous be firm, truth, by suffer the they and were would

even unto death rather than commit sin... them that "If they did not doubt, God power."

(Alma 24:1819.) would deliver them."These red men These faithful braves declared as

they met the onslaught of the enemy:

"We do not doubt... our mothers

knew it."In all history is there a

parallel? Can any be found since

Adam, with such faith and fortitude as these forerunners of the deprived Indian of today?

Again recall the three disciples whose bodies were changed, who could not taste of death—of pain or sorrow.

Like John the Revelator, a degree of perfection was reached which brought to them these incomparable blessings.

Still ministering to men on earth they will remain until the consummation of the program of God, having supernatural powers to enable them to better serve. "So great faith have I

never seen among all the Jews"declared the Master, "Wherefore I could not show unto them so great miracles."Our redskin brothers are today called unclean and common, but formerly it was we, the Gentile nations, who were the outcasts. Yesterday it

was

... an unlawful thing for a man that is

a Jew to keep company or come unto one of another nation. (Acts 10:28.)

Today we revile the Jew and his brother-Israelite, the Indian. "What fools

we mortals be!"

Yesterday the superrace consciousNOW.'ness was so solidly rooted that it was

THAT HOME OF necessary for the Lord to send a vision -"KoOR PM YOUR DREAMS topelhiscouldchiefestgo toApostlethe Gentilebefore thenations.gosAT LOWER COST tainPetervessel"saw descendingheaven openedunto andhim."a cerHe

saw it filled with "all manner of fourYes, today's home is a revelation on how much more you get ior your footed beasts and filled with creeping air."things he fowls of the and And

kill Peter; voice "Rise saying: money... more in design and style... more in quality, efficiency and heard a

planning. It started several years ago when architects, engineers, and eat.""Not so, Lord,"he said, "for

I have never eaten anything that is manufacturers and lumbermen started combining their talents and common or unclean."Though Peter

products. It resulted in a home designed for better living. See TriState was very hungry, he could not overcome his lifelong prejudice until the

for a complete home building service including plans, materials and command came the third time: "What

financing. God hath cleansed, that call not thou

common."And also through a vision Cornelius came to Peter, seeking salvation, and

"... God hath shewed me that I should LUMBER CO. the great Church leader declared: 7tyS7?ITE not call any man common or unclean."

INTER/MOUNTAIN BUILDING HEADQUARTERS Even after Simon was convinced he had a difficult task to change the think336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing of his colleagues, and to them he through their prophets; angels have Good Samaritan, and through us with

testified ministered to them; miracles have been our love, service and providence, must

Forasmuch then as God gave them the countless among them; two centuries come the rejuvenation of the Indian.

like gift as he did unto us, who believed of continuous righteousness was lived They shall become fair, clean, and on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that by them; supreme faith was manifested worthy. They shall become physically

I could withstand God? (Acts 11:17.) by them; martyrs burned and bled sound, mentally alert, economically

There were superior peoples in the among them; the flesh and the world secure. They shall plant and harvest

days of these Lehites who were inwere overcome by them. Peace of long and build and inhabit. They shall take

tolerant, and Jacob called them to reduration was enjoyed by them and the their rightful place as peers with us pentance with boldness: Son of Man visited them. in industry, in business and profesYesterday of the nations sions. shall we their history They know

I give Wherefore, unto a commandment the were "common and truth, believe the they shall and know Gentileunclean—tois that the ofyou, God, which ye word call so the day Indian. we true worship and the Living and God. againstrevile of the because more them no Yesterday the persecuted; were we skins: their shall of neitherdarkness ye eternal the For purposes of the Lord today are the persecutors. we filthiness;revile their against of them because roll shall until all his on shall promises Yesterday they were filthiness, we shall went whobut your remember ye own fulfilled. be 8:22.) (Mormon from filthiness their Jerusalem to that Jericho; beand remember came today we

cause of their fathers. {Jacob 3:9.) are the priest and the Levite who May God help us to recognize our

Again he warned: passed "by on the other side."duty toward these our brother and

to these But children of the sisters prophhelp and for love our us show

I shall of unless repent fear that ye... ets, has God made promises. him devotion by our to the of work their will skins whiter that sins be your is the brighter Today of bringing all blessings day enjoy which we lavishday—the shall beyours, brought be than ye when the Lamanite, and must to the be these we kinsmen. ourfore 3:8.) throne of God. the (Jacob

Mormon knew the weakness of men when he wrote:

... behold who can stand against the 11

... will despise of the Lord? works Who

. 9: Ironrite is my Greatest Time Saver"Christ. of children the.. (Mormon

26.) says Mrs. C. A. Olson

the shall that deny him unto wo Cross, Utah Woods (Ill 29:6.) of the Lord. revelations... Nephi

Yea, and ye need not any longer hiss nor "It is a real pleasure to do my spurn, nor make game of the Jews, nor any ironing now that I have an Ironremnant of the house of Israel; for behold rite. I no longer have to stand

the Lord remembereth his covenant unto lor hours slaving over my ironing.

them.... (Ill Nephi 29:8. Italics speakIt is indeed thrilling to have my

er's. ) husband's shirts look so nice and

And Moroni warns against judging allfinishedmy clothesappearance.have a professional

For behold, the same that judgeth rashly "It takes only onethird of the shall be judged rashly again: for accordtime. There is no standing, backing to his works shall his wages be; therebreaking lifting, or handpressing.

fore he that smiteth shall be smitten again, It is so easy to do! I just sit reof the Lord. (Mormon 8:19.) laxed—breeze through my ironing

Among these children of God were and still feel fresh and rested."

many prophets, and fires would not burn them; stones and arrows could Model 80. Opennot hit them; prisons could not hold model Ironrite.

them; pits could not be dug deep Model 88 Ironrite

enough to imprison them. Among these, Cabinette withwarpthe children of the covenant, their lame proof hardwood top

walked; their blind ones saw; their in mahogany ordeaf heard; their dumb spoke; the dead NU honey blond.

lived again. Among these, the remnant of Jacob, the rich were humble; LOW DOWN PAYMENT—EASY CREDIT TERMS

the poor were provided for; the opASK ABOUT A FREE

pressed were rescued; justice reigned; HOME DEMONSTRATION

and freedom was a reality. Among

these, the branch of the tree of Israel, IronrTTethe Holy Ghost whispered to them;

angels ministered to them; the Creator SEE ONE OF THESE AUTHORIZED

and Master visited them. IRONRITE DEALERS FOR A

FREE DEMONSTRATION.

Among us today we find many who SELLS FURNITURE COMPANY Nephi, Utah abandon their faith and Church READ BROTHERS COMPANY Ogden, Utah

ATKINSON'S APPLIANCE & VARIETY Idaho STORE Malad, politics. into to position go found We TOOELE MERCANTILE Tooele, Utah COMPANY

children the of up Covenant gave who KIRKHAM RADIO Shelley, & APPLIANCE Idaho COMPANY judgeships, resigned from the high BLAKE ELECTRIC COMPANY Richfield, Utah

APPLIANCE COMPANY Utah posts, king UTAH refused and evenarmy to be SCHOSS FURNITURE & ELECTRIC Utah COMPANY Provo,Ogden, the nation that over serve they might APPLIANCE & RECORD Boise, Idaho SHOP on missions and convert souls to rightNYSSA FURNITURE COMPANY Nyssa, Oregon

FURNITURE SAM & Blackfoot, APPLIANCE H. JONES Idaho find eousness. many today who We MITCHELL'S RADIO Pocatello, CO. Idaho permit wealth to them from wedge BATES WILSON FURNITURE<& APPLIANCE Ely, Nevada COMPANY things spiritual. We found Lamanites CLARK'S APPLIANCE COMPANY St. Anthony, Idaho

who sacrificed their wealth to become CULLIGAN SOFT WATER SERVICE Salt Lake City, Utah lowly teachers.

See what God hath wrought! He has Distributed by:

blessed, honored, and preserved this GORDON E. WILKINS- -IRONERS, Inc., 142 S. Fifth W.. Salt Lake City, Utah

race. He has predicted and warned

MAY 1949 337 OF THE POWER TRIM 276) page (Continued from

it a sin declared upon the 300 Mymm had Lord failed to if they parents of the headsAn Investment KOLOB have and of repentance the teach law in your Future! theiryears ofchildrenage, hebaptizedsaid: when eight

And they shall also teach their children to pray, and to walk uprightly before the

Lord. shall also Zion of inhabitants And theBrigham Young it holy. to keep Sabbath day the observe

labors, inasmuch their remember as they # University's And the inhabitants of Zion also shall in all faithfulness; labor, to are appointed

for the idler shall be had in remembrance BRING THE WESTS 1949 Summer Quarter before the Lord. (D. & C. 68:2830.)

The Apostle Paul has defined anSERVICE

Offers a wide variety of graduate other one of the purposes of the and undergraduate courses, with Church organization in his writings to TO YOUR the that emphasis on music and the College the Ephesians. He declared

"... to HOME TOWN of Education. gave this organization Lord

in (or, Agent The KOLOB of the church,"edify the body Music annual Summer The 11th in friendliest isyourthe man of the members to educate other words will town—readyin yourefficientlycommunity Festival insurance every low bring to andserveat to the campus need

represents the Intelmountain cost, because he "all come until would) they the Church nation's of the top musicians some largest General Agency. (See the faith."of unity a unto EphWest'sStrong fair stock Company inclass for both and individual policies—prompt,Insurance

of claims. settlement 4:1213.) esians struction.

Clearly the Apostle Paul saw the

LECTURES importance of the teacher and those in members our would instruct CONCERTS who as anChurch of the the doctrines

RECREATION other of those divine agencies in the of the against power entice to Church fishing, for opportunities Splendid campteach- if all the well It evil. be would SALISBURY, Mgr. FRANKing, other forms hiking of summer and the Apostle what understand ers would Bldg. Salt Lake City 330 Judge short withinrecreation available are a the to said Cohe when meant Paul

drive from the Provo campus. rinthians:

FIRST TERM And I,.. came to you, came not with

declaror of wisdom, of speech June 13 to July 22 excellency of God. the testimony ing unto you

SECOND TERM For I determined not to know any thing

July 25 to Aug. 26 crucified.among you,(I Cor.save 2:1-2.)Jesus Christ, and him

ALPINE TERM That should be the only objective of

June 20 to July 23 instructors and teachers in this UTAH'S FINEST

Christ, "Jesus to Md Church Write the for a Dean FAMILY ACCOMMODATIONS the "exnot need crucified."him teachWe Catalog School Summer but of wisdom,"nor speech of cellency

we need the testimony of God, as Paul said. And then this warning came in $Ud BRIGHAM YOUNG his later writings:

UNIVERSITY For if the trumpet give an uncertain

PROVO. UTAH sound, who shall prepare himself to the 135 SOUTH THIRD EAST

battle? (Ibid., 14:8.)

Los Gables Hotel At in comSmith, F. President Joseph family find you complete the decrying this and about menting hotel comfort. and The

fact that there were some apparently apartment accommodatrying to confuse our people and lead tions are pleayant, restful them away by destroying faith rather and reserved. Conventhan by building a testimony of God, iently located... reasonsaid: able daily, weekly and

rates.CASH! Among the Latterday Saints the preachmonthly

truths as disguised doctrine false of ing For your OLD L.D.S. and people from gospel be expected the of may

from these practically classes and two Utah Books of igFirst, the hopelessly are: only; they

Submit List to norant,to their indolencewhose lackandofsloth,intelligencewho makeis duebut feeble effort, if indeed any at all, to better those study; and themselves, by reading

that disease dread with a are afflicted ZION'S BOOK STORE who 65 E. 2nd So. Phone 4-3465 may develop into an incurable malady

Salt Lake City, Utah laziness.

All types of books sold also. whoSecond,read theby proudthe lampand ofselfvauntingtheir own ones,conceit; who interpret by rules of their own

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

You've heard about it..

contriving; who have become a law unto

themselves, and so pose as the sole judgesof their own doings, more dangerously igbut have you norant than the first.

Beware of the lazy and the proud; their

ininfection each case is contagious; better

forfor them and they are all when comheard it?

pelled to display the yellow flag of warning, that the clean and uninfected may be protected.

I"wish that we could have in all our classes and meetings the spirit which characterized one of our missionary meetings down at Ventura,

California, where I visited recently with President Oscar W. McConkie,

of the California Mission, when a woman who had sat in one of our Latter-day Saint meetings for the first time in her life made this comment at the close of the meeting:

I have studied the scriptures all my life, but today the words of the scriptures have been made to live.

So can be all the instructions of inspired teachers of the gospel of Jesus

Christ. Before you buy, hear Wurlitzer's true space and cost, too. Can be adjusted

And now there is a third agency in church organ tone. Reverently beauto the individual acoustics of your

the Church to entice men away from tiful solo stops for prelude and postchurch. Stay in tune indefinitely reevil. lude music. A perfectly blended gardless of voltage or frequency

The Lord has set up the priesthood, ensemble of organ voices to accomchanges. Even subzero or excessively

and to them he gave the injunction to pany choir or congregational singing. high temperatures have no appreelders, priests, teachers, deacons, that Wurlitzer electronic organs save ciable effect on their fine tuning. Your

—andthey werein moreto "watchdetailedoverexplanationthe Church"to rangeWurlitzera demonstration.dealer will be glad to arthe teachers—"to see that there is no

iniquity, no evil speaking, and that all

Church members do their duty."(SeeD. & C. 20:54.) WORLD'SWURLITZERLARGEST BUILDER OF ORGANS AND PIANOS

But, after even instructions have F.xecut.ve UNDER ONE NAME Company, WurlLer outgone the from General AuthoriIllinois. Offices, Chicago,

ties, concerning the servicemen, to our bishops and stake presidents as how the boys away from home may be contacted directed; and after and our The WURLITZERinstructions ORGAN have out gone about

Studios For the LET In Our girls likewise are who from Full InformationYou—away Request On

home, and how we ought to shepherd MR. SELDON N. HEAPSthem and keep in touch with them; and SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO.

Dealers Authorized Wurlitzer Organ quorums shouldhow the after look

Salt South Lake City, Utah PLAY 17 West Firsttheir absent members, regret to we say our reports indicate that sometimes quorum leaders take too lightly the exercise of those agencies which "A young fellow looking for our Heavenly Father has caused to a toppaying job finds most pretty well crowded forbe set here up the enticement exmining's to fieldstoday. But an of thosedo good otherwise are who best the ception. Paying

being enticed by evil. wages of any industry in

still it's uncrowded an the beginning At there Utah, of the war lot field, with a interesting anwas newspaper account for tunities men whoof opporknow of a boy flying in from a training trip how to work."

over the air field who suddenly shouted through his radio device to the man in the control tower below: "I can't

see. I've lost my eyesight."

And the man in the control tower said: "Now, Son, you get a grip on

yourself, and I will tell you what to do."Quietly the man in the control tower guided him and had him circle the field many times, losing altitude by manipSINCE 1863 ulating the controls, and finally the pilot rolled to a stop safely in front of the control tower on the ground. Rational BIBLES It is that kind of calm wisdom and SUTAH MINING ASSOCIATION Wherever Bibles are Sold

{Continued on page 340) MAY 1949 339 THE POWER OF TRUTH (Continued [com page 339) alone until the garden began to fade, counsel that we need so much today. I and I seemed to fall.

would like to illustrate what I mean by "When I awoke, it was still the midbringing you parts of two letters from dle of the night, and it was also cold, two of our boys who came through a yet I had a feeling of warmth within period of spiritual "blindness"because me, and I knew that God had answered of the steadying influence of wise counmy prayers. I finished the night in

selors in the Church. One of these restful sleep.

boys wrote a letter just recently and "Now you may think I was dreambegan his letter by saying: ing, too, but I still feel and know that

"My bishop is the best bishop in I had an answer to my prayer."

this Church."He then explained that I recalled that boy's letter when we

when he became a priest, his bishop heard a group of missionaries down in taught him, among the first things, that the California Mission say: "When

God answered prayer. So the bishop we get discouraged and downcast and

instructed him before he went away blue, we have made a practice to go into military service, and he went away fasting into the mountain before away strengthened by these teachings, daylight and stay there all day and rebut when he got out there, he learned turn after dark at night, and we have to his dismay that some of those who never failed to come from that experiSee It] claim membership in the Church did ence strengthened by the power of not act as the servants of the Lord God."

Hear It! should.irreverence.They Andwere herowdy.got toTherethinking,was Another of our men coming back

Play It! "Couldif they itdon'tbe thereverenceChurch ofhisJesusnameChristand thrownfromintocombatthe middleservice ofoverseasthe oceanwas

are reverent in his house?"He went when his ship was torpedoed. He was

AT to visit other churches and found a seriously burned and was sent to a spirit of worship that sometimes was sanitarium, with his mind greatly disnot to be found in his own. In his own turbed and upset. He writes this testi-

< way he formed the conclusion that mony: m9 therefore the Church must be wrong. "While in the hospital, word came

said: been gravely son had his bishop to to me that my and wrote home 259 South State Street He

in Pacific. the I join South to anwounded I could decided "Bishop, have

Salt Lake City other church. I feel that this must be not go to him. My world had colwrong or our people would be more lapsed. No, again, it is not the usual

reverent in their meetings."story. I did not remain steadfast in

His bishop wrote back and said: the faith. I became rebellious. I

"Well, my boy, do not act too hastily. blamed my Heavenly Father for all of

You study about this matter, and the misery and distress which was think about it. You pray to your mine. I concluded that he had let me

I I turned him. from away Father, and everything will down. Heavenly A $100 to the point even got I could no where all right."be

Air Conditioning The boy then wrote this: longer pray. It seemed as if my line

"On Thanksgiving night, I was very of communication had been broken,

I lost all contact with I and had God. just off a watch come had

the I misery. depth That bed, was to of human had gone Unit tiredat night,as and when

which is easily installed, will proall I wanted to do was sleep. That Litter futility and resentment were

vide comfort for the average night God answered my prayer. It was mine. There is no destitution like that

late, and what to me was a vision and of being out of contact with our HeavCHURCH OR HOME to the common people would be a enly Father. It is like receiving a

dream came to me. I saw a beautiful busy signal when you call your doctor

Summer and Winter garden, and in the middle of this garin an emergency. den was a golden path. Coming down "But then a miracle happened! My

IT SHOULD INCREASE the path was my grandfather who had friends in the Church had not forgotten

CHURCH died in 1937. On the other side was me! They prayed with faith for my

in recovery. the name was placed My uncle who had died on a mission in Summer Attendance, my temples of our prayer Lord where was 1939.

Winter Attendance, "Now I had gone to bed very tired, said in my behalf. My children conand Service Effectiveness and I had never thought of my uncle tinued to pray even as I had taught

Substantially or my grandfather as they had died them to do. My parents prayed with

For complete treatise on Air Conditionwhen I was still under ten years of an unwavering faith.

mail age. name or Homes, for Churches elders of sought the ing "The Church

at currency, in SI.00 with address and out a blessing. gave In the middle and I had me me not all. that was "But receipt lc P.O. obtain a risk, if you my

little all to letter, in faith them, for but your not Smith. They Joseph of God had them was

H I. JOHNSON talked to me, and the final thing that forgotten me. He heard those prayers,

Consultant Conditioning Air turned not he as being said and distinctly away. And health remember can Omaha 1, Neb. I Drawer 1044 Lock P. O. to telling returned to stick soon body."Smith my me Joseph was

Name to the truth, no matter what the other I ask you members and leaders of the listen to or did said and to people that the bishop the Church: Suppose had

listen did not others Address truth even though his to write to been too busy boy who

City to it. was disturbed by the irreverence of

Stat "Then he said that there was still many who attended meetings where he work to be done there as I had work had been. Suppose that he had not been;

Church which Check Q as things the taught a priest Home Q faded and which away, to and they do here, $2.00, please - include II both,

it the in the bishop taught that about prayer had garden him I was seemed 340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and how he could get an answer to his problems. Suppose that this other man's

elders'quorum had failed, and they had forgotten to pray back home. I

ask you to consider the seriousness of our responsibility in these matters.

Today is a day of clever deception, a day when the Master declared one of the signs of his coming should be that even the very elect, according to the covenant, would be deceived.

/\NE of our boys now studying in a large university on the coast declared that the "thing that had kept him from losing faith in the Bible which the higher critics have decimated almost to a point of nonrecognition,"he said, "the thing that has kept my faith is that I know the Book of Mormon is true, and because of that testimony I know that what they are saying about the Bible is false and not the truth."The Lord has given us a sure guide as to how we might discern truth from error. He said:

And that which doth not edify is not of

God....

That which is of God is light; and he

that receiveth light and continueth in God, receiveth more light; and that light groweth

brighter and brighter until the perfect day.

(D. & C. 50:2224.)

I wish we could take a lesson from the testimony of a man in this city who conducts a business here, who wrote and told me about a little experience he had when during the socalled depression of the past years, he thought he was going to lose everything that he had, and so he fasted and prayed 9L Jutl and, a&i to WjoIvl that the Lord would show him how to save his business, and he said: "One

morning just as it was breaking daylight still I felt the small voice which Hand Made Rugs 'If said to me: only but you will keep

God's commandments, you will be wonderfully durable..

given all the wisdom"necessary to save exciting to create your business.'

Simple, but a great powerful truth Lustrous Minerva rug yarn in skein 1 */ if we will only keep God's command55 colors—2-oz.

ments, the wisdom sufficient to our Rug Frames $98 willneeds given us! be

In the of one, words not may we De Luxe Rug Nee-$| 50 De Luxe $7

Burlap # forget the great truth has he which put d,es

Rug Backs: Mqqin these words: $

BurlP ** ci.,h it Isn't that princes strange Warp..*850<tSn and kings $<K1*>12., $450 that clowns And caper rings in sawdust

just plain folks likeAnd you beautiful and me Make rugs yourself! Choice of more

than 20 for builders eternity? Are authentic reproductions

of 16th centurypatterns—some models, others completely modern

in design. Both square oval and shapes. is each tools, of given a bagTo

A shapeless mass and a book of rules, 1. We will set it up on the frame.

And each must build ere life has flown, 2. Mrs. Reiser will teach you how to hook.

or a steppingstone. A stumblingblock here—work on it when ("StumblingBlock or Stepping 3. youLeavewish.your rug

Stone,"by R. L. Sharpe.) 4. Rug delivered on the frame to your

God grant us strength. May we rise home when you desire it.

to our responsibilities, to do our job, ART AND NEEDLEWORK—

to entice the membership of this AUERBACH'S FOURTH FLOOR

Church and the world to seek the things that bring eternal life and happiness here and in the world to come,

I pray humbly, in the name of the Lord

Jesus Christ. Amen.

MAY 1949 the to been turned him—force—has TEACHINGS GOSPEL since, whenever used has he means

... I. will.. I and send am, here me 275) page (Continued from of the power. But has ever had he shall not all soul that one mankind, redeem of personality is another there"VTow those through operates course he...; thine hongive lost wherefore me be that I one speak, to desire which*V influence. can he Omaha An [power]. or whom in but calls name, a bythe world editorial lead carried evening paper a it init rejected; offer Lucifer's Being personal was reality as awhose in last its the Saturday in issue of his is Godgiven taking from person volved that man believe and notdoes the "Hitler, entitled 1941, August, is to everygranted free which to agency according Devil. the ButSatan,

all the Hitler, as Incarnate."Devil to said mortality. into Jesus born teaching, one Satan and understandingour believed and taught know, world now Father, me, in spirit send the form body, a withis person a

it of in whenever was the use power is all a other men. oflike that He

... the glory be will and done be thy objectives. his to reach necessary our o Lord ours of brother andspirit 4:1-2.) forever. (Moses thine his agents, has always through Satan, is Brother Elder our Christ, whoJesus tothing is the doing same and done Redeemer. our became Jesus in earth spirit And world. wasin The the

it in being done see many day. to Sahis changed We Lucifer, was name for the abode of developmentcourse

in various different places and ways—his sympathizers Devil, tan, the and mortality. in Redeemer wasof man A internationally. nationally, locally, and cast to out rebelled and it down were possible and make sentto down be in staying for and Struggles power since. ever been they have earth where to return children to Father'sfor the

in everywhere are positions of power 12:7-9.) Rev. (See morning, of the a Lucifer, son ahim.

is obtained evidence. power when And Lucifer to proposed the ambitious means certainly very Now,bright and

individual, said to the Father: use to get all the Father's children reit is commonly used to force obedience

to unrighteous, if not positively wicked, demands. Needless to specify,

for we see cases in evidence somewhere every day, in this country, as well as abroad. But wherever they

exist they will generally be found on close examination to stem from sources where selfish, greedy, and unrighteous motives dominate—to

sources, therefore, that are Satan inspired. And the agencies operating under

this wicked influence are steadily growing more numerous and more powerful, making the future of America more dark and precarious. Unless this rapidly developing tendency changes for the

better, the time is probably not far away when the America of the fathers, the America where free enterprise with all its associated blessings of personal freedom and liberty for its citizens, will have been relegated to the pages of history. And is it not

tfepil strange, very strange, from the standpoint of reason and logic, that the means and the conditions by which and under which America has grown to be the greatest, the most powerful, and

GET OTHER AUTO thehavemostbecomeprosperousodious tonationvast onnumbersearth of our people, who therefore are planning, working, hoping, NEEDS AT YOUR scheming, even praying, for changes that would as land "the to an put America end the brave"? UTOCO DEALERS of the the free and home of

Among all the unrighteous organized

Permalube Motor Oil agencies now working in the world to further the cause of Satan, perhaps the

Quaker State Motor Oil largest and most wicked are those

Pep 88 Gasoline given to the cause of communism.

Communism is organized wickedness

Atlas Battery and crime of the blackest type. Harsh

terms, certainly! Its objectives are conAtlas Fan Belt fiscation of property, robbery of those

its productive slavery of have, who Champion Spark Plugs its opponents. death to workers, and

Its beneficiaries are ne'erdo-wells, those who own nothing, but want everything, especially power and its emoluments.

What is the explanation of all this?

it lies fact that in the that think DEALER I SEE YOUR "%[ UTOCO ) influence and has more power Satan in the world today than ever before.

And Satan's purpose is to overcome

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY righteousness,into ways of sin,to enticemisery,God'sand suffering,children 342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to handicap those who would do good, live sexual moral standards and indulgious doctrines, or how we should live and to darken the minds of those who gence in other wicked ways—all on the in harmony with these doctrines, that

would like to know what is best in the increase among us. Latterday Saints is the voice of the Church, the voice

loyal authority. to of movies, Latterday to on not Sunday go To may ideas. conflicting of confusiongreat

it is, sense, in Saints, the of football, voice basketball a games, or baseball, multiconflicts struggles and soAnd "if said for he are commercial not other of kind has ye God; any or to

that men's hearts the resultply with in mine."are not (D. avoidable or one ye entertainments, C. 38: engage &

are failing them. Selfishness is growcommercial activities, or go hunting, 27.)

ing. Demands are increasing for more fishing, golfing, or skiing on this day Brethren and sisters, let us be honest

and more for less and less—more pay, without violating the holiness of the with ourselves and with our God and

less work—for more privileges, but Sabbath. Who said so? The First strive with more determination and

fewer responsibilities. Merit as a conPresidency of the Church. They said persistence to do his will that life may

dition for rewards is disappearing and so in an editorial published in The be more full and happy, with righteous

Satan is riding high. Deseret News, September 1, 1928. And living more in evidence. I pray that

when the First Presidency speak God will help us to do these things in "rVTow Latterday Saints, what shall unitedly on any question of our relithe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

we do, conditions being what they are? Shall we compromise our

principles and standards, give up the struggle against sin and evil and let in this smoothly on morelife move is 'never.sinful world? No, Our faithimmovably based upon truth and

reality—a living, personal God, who

through Joseph Smith and his associates, set up his Church, gave it principles, laws, standards, and his priesthood {authority to act for him), thus qualifying it to work for him and his '*&X righteous ways for the good, benefit, s* and blessing of his children. But we

need more faith in these realities, more devotion to the cause which we are BllTLEk privileged to represent, stronger wills MFC. CO.

to resist the allurements of evil, and more persistent, unselfish efforts to live righteously every day. I repeat, our

religion is a very practical thing, for it \ must enter into every phase of our daily lives if we would live in harmony with its teachings and receive the rewards of obedience. And failing to

do this, we more or less forfeit God's promise of blessings; for he has said: n *=-Ci - I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what

I say; but when ye do not what I say, ye

have no promise. (D. & C. 82:10.)

We must ever keep in mind the *thats my 1000 moral standards of the Church as expressed in articles eleven, twelve, andthirteen of our faith which require bushel bank'us to be tolerant ( Article 11), loyal to A BUTLER GRAIN BIN Doesn't the flag of underthe country sustain honor, to obey, andwe live, which Cost Money—It Makes Money! v\

the law (Article 12), and to be In two or three years a Butler Grain Bin will pay for itself, and makes you money year after year. Butler Grain

... honest, true, chaste, benevolent, Bins give a lifetime of service. Many are still in use after

virtuous, and in doing good to all men. 40 years.

(Article 13.) bushel 3276 2200 1000

in to Utah, station nearestbushel—$665;rail bushel—$337;. delivered your—$905

Arizona. California, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada,.. the moral standards of theIndeed

sizes (bolted steel) up to 55,000 bushel each, Commercial require us to the Golden set upChurch available. should also which an idealRule as we

diligently try to live in all of our relaWRITE FOR NAME AND ADDRESS OF NEAREST DEALER!

tions with our fellow men. These are

not things of which we just talk on

Sunday, but things we are required toimplement in our daily lives. PARAMOUNT

a Satan, that again warn Now I is SALES852 Richards Street - SaltCORP.Lake City, Utah being, withpersonal and very alert

(Ofl 9lh South between Main and West Temple)a mighty host of his angels—spirit relatives of ours—in trying to overcome Phones 4-8165 and 4-J021

us and all others who would serve God Intermountain Wholesale Distributors and live righteously. As examples of

yielding to evil influences, we have desecration of the Sabbath day, the use of harmful narcotics, failure to

MAY 1949 343 >o< >o< >\> o TEACH THE TRUTH (Continued from page 274) speculation is, let him go to the philosand we preserve that knowledge for ophers of the ages. Begin with the

those who come after us. This acold philosophers and go down to the

cumulated knowledge of mankind, the philosophers of today. Every one has

ORGAN OF ARTISTS ORGANS -THE THE ARTIST OF of the world, O knowledge

MARYLAND parts. HAGERSTOWN, eral distinct Two fallsof theintomajorsevtriedone hasto explainfailed toor trydescribehis handGod. atNotit.

parts I would like to mention. Every one has set up his own explanaAll knowledge falls first into a part tion, and presented his own kind of

Q ANNOUNCES THE NEW or division or group that we call factuGod. As you read after them, you find

al. Sometimes we call it truth, which yourself in a state of confusion. Great

8 amounts to the same thing. Facts of minds, great thinkers, have tried

observation, that which we hear with throughout the ages to solve the same our ears, see with our eyes, that we problem and have failed utterly to recognize through the various senses agree. That is because they have not

that the Lord has bestowed upon us begun with truth. Therein we are

PIPE ORGAN partmake ofup theknowledge.first and mostThat importantkind of strong.the grove,Josephsaw GodSmith,andonspokehis kneesto him.in

knowledge is everlasting, unchanging. There is no question about the beginPurposely developed by the world's Under the same conditions a fact will nings of this work. God does live, a

largest organ builder as the finest appear the same throughout the countpersonal being. We are made in his

ages. coming image. We are carrying out his purfor church use in any less organ made

other division of human knowlposes. The class. similar

distinction divisions edge, the of speaking fact major The between a and

Space Required: 8'High; 8'Wide; inference only, is interan of the be, is, or should pretty made up human

3'6"Deep exclusive of Standard pretations, explanations, and infergenerally understood. I bear you my

A.G.O. Console. ences of the observed facts, the truths testimony here this afternoon that in

Direct Factory Price: $3760 to $4155 explanations,in our possession.and theories,These inferences,interpretanate,all of distinguishour teachingsbetweenwe mustthe discrimifacts of

Write for Complete Details tions of truth, may or may not be corhuman knowledge and the interpretaEUGENE E. POOLE knowledgerect. Theyis usuallyacquired changeby humanity.as moreIf tionchangeoffromthe dayfacts.to day.InterpretationsOnce in a

Western States Manager education consists chiefly of learning great while an interpretation of a great what men have said or thought about truth becomes a truth itself, but very it seldom. facts existence, Usually of nature there and of is too may much o the INC. P. MOLLER, M. the us, students, into humanity mislead lead of them mixed exin with may 4. Wash. Bldg.. Seattle Central 235 difficult truth. plained places, into often of places unthat can So not well we

><5 truth. It is only when education contrust our interpretations.

fines itself primarily as to truth, to I do not like to have my taxes spent, facts, as observed, it becomes worth or my tithing spent, for that matter, while. That is not saying anything in the support of a teacher who does

understand the difference We not dishere cussed will and againsthave thethescripturesinterpretationsas an example.of truth. We honest not be and whoARCHAEOLOGY

have the right to interpret them as we enough as he stands before classes to fit, see right but to teach have we is fact, OF say, "This a far as MORMON asTHE BOOK we unfit. as see them teach must we it, is this derstand noWe and but an attempted greatest the world's 1841From it is truth us, as given it be whether inference of the spent fact scientists have which or 'till andnow.archaeologists may

millions of dollars in research. Great in the domain of revelation or of scimay not be right."I have no objection

institutions like Smithsonian. Carnegie ence or any other field of human acto a man who is an atheist, teaching

visited tivity. have Geographic Nationaland outside of the is Church. his faith His

of these sites cities and thousandover a lies Therein a tremendous danger to concern, not mine. like to I would contaken unnumhave They peoples.early people our the genyoung coming and vert to him a knowledge But, of God. fa-. uncovered many picturesbered erations. teacher, honest unless he An stands he his before when classes translate and can.they. now relics andmous

is will ignorant, stuplace his before talks hieroglyphics, his about and atheism, God Maya the ancient of own20%giving many dates left on these great dents—I speak both of students in the he is going beyond his rights. He is

structures. Church schools and in state schools, not employed for that purpose. As aAnd now with the passing of a hundred I draw no distinctions—the truth as citizen I have rights. It is my money

dollars, of millions of discovered or the spending revealed many, byyears, by your and to used money the support findprincipal the together addingand interpretations God, are and when schools in whether or out the of... institutions of and these menings taught, will label he such, as them Church. or FALSE? proved they TRUEhave is say, interpretation "This and an by This a be this talk may schoolroom 120... Smith of Joseph story simpleThe existing of truth."should That be man if afternoon, it.. so, but. of blame Presithat the Book Mormon on agoyears in in priesthood done our quorums,... ancient of America dent history Smith It President and thewas McKay. auxiliary all organizations, in and life progress religious and theportraying their was remarks that started Sunday

learning of schools fall attended our destruc-.. by and the sudden then. and thinking mind this about my very imthe opinis corroborates people. its people, important, This young of oftion portant subject. truth. have We We scientific of men.ions the in greatest importance, buildthe are not concerned interwith much

it to be proved lives,I ing that in they of have of believe a happy peace. world pretation truth. of sorrows the of The in I the evidences placed havetrue and President said last Smith something world traced be in may back, or now in the quotation form picture andboth in that direction, pointed that Sunday the past, false to. interpretations. of. COLBEFORE AMERICAS "THEbook it I to clung until has and mind my I eternal truth. will hope also youUMBUS."

it this to of afternoon. had speak think the about applications of knowlpress, off the edition now Second

VS7e have also the field of speculaedge to daily life, but that is another

Price $5.00 vv lation, very closely related to the subject.

field truth. of interpreting If one wants is up. time happy, very My I am FARNSWORTHDEWEY see I absolutely to confusing and how again, say may to in this be conEl Paso, Texas4635 Montana St.

field untruthful useless the and of ference. the Not alone words have

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA made this a great conference, but the spirit which has been present and which has touched our hearts. I do not

remember all that has been said; I shall

read the sermons when they are Greatprinted; but I have felt the spirit of A

the Church and its people who are building the kingdom of God, and inso doing are moving on toward the Business College great of salvathe plan ofcompletion in PLUS our L. D. S. Institute of Religion—both himself the Fathertion laid out by

the preexistent state. under the general direction of the L. D. S. Church

God bless us, keep us faithful and Department of Education.

true, helpful in this great work, and may we be given the blessings of Beginning and advanced training, the year round.

health and strength, the things we need to carry on this work, I pray in the Expert employment service for graduates and adname of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. vanced students.

Returned Missionaries: You will enjoy the activities of our missionKEEP THE COMMANDMENTS ary organization.

Information gladly furnished on request.

(Continued from page 273) avaricious leaders if they had the truth.

years ago in San I was A few Fran- L. D. S. Business College publishing for acisco looking house

that would print some of our literature 70 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah in the Russian language. By mistake

I went into a printing establishment which I afterwards learned to be communistic. You should haye seen the

stony stare, and curt dismissal I received, when I asked if they printed J%n Outstanding /lew {Book on [Prophecy religious literature. Afterwards I

found a place where I was received by an intelligent Russian man who was sympathetic with my errand. I toldhim that it was our purpose to make PROPHECY AND

some preparation for missionary work among his people. We discussed thesituation for some time, and he made MODERN TIMES

the significant remark: "Only God can By W. Cleon Skousen, L.L.B.

Russia."save a Russian He published

subWith Foreword by Ezra Taft Benson with noncommunist,newspaper, scribers all across the nation. He gave

me the information that there are ap- 'This formidable collection of prophecies is disproximately 15,000 Russianspeaking cussed plainly, simply and carefully. This chalpeople around the San Francisco bay

area and two million in the United lenging volume will be of interest to all Latterday

States. there are approximateHe said A. Widtsoe in the Era review. Saint readers."—John displaced Russiansly 900,000 in Europe, and he thought our missionaries

could begin work among some of these De Luxe Cloth $2.50 Leatherette $1.75

Russians, looking forward to the time through there might an them bewhen DESERET BOOK COMPANY intointroduction the Russia of gospel Salt 44 East South Temple Lake City 10, Utah itself. prinof our something He knew

ciples and our people and professed admiration for them. I felt that there

was some evidence of his sincerity, ffffjff++jwjwj+jvfffjw when, after automatically offering me JUST OFF THE PRESS a cigaret, he immediately withdrew it GOING ON A MISSION?

and said, "Oh, I forgot, your people Are You a Stake Missionary?

don't Russia and drink."smoke Well, FREE

the subjectis not remarks, "KNOWDetailed SelfexplanatoryTHE ReadyReferenceBIBLE"SCHOLARSHIPS but A of my

I think that the present plight of that An Ideal Book for Investigators FOR BEAUTY STUDENTS $1.00 PRICE Pages at is pertinentnation a persuasive 200 and

B. BENJAMIN ALWARD Friendly The Beauty Schoolillustration the of need of knowledge, First City 128 Avenue, Salt Lake 3, Utah S. for Girls L. D.

spiritual, theological and knowledge, for Particulars! Write or Phone

as a basis for righteousness and peace.

At this point, I wish to voice appreLsdrels [Beauty School ciation for the great body of 1061 EastSugarhouse21st South St.knowledge which has come to us in 1948 "ERA"INDEX Dial 7-5886

the revelations of this dispensation. Now Available

When I think of the light which the Write to

Prophet Smith has Joseph thrown upon ofthe knowledge day, "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"Subscribe to and Read our and his day (Continued on page 346) 50 North Main, Salt Lake City, Utah THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MAY 1949 345 KEEP THE COMMANDMENTS

345) page {Continued from of NO MATTER WHERE YOU LIVE his interpretations Holy Writ for centuries obscure in meaning to the of his earth, of the enlargement in this Intermountain learned his of incomparable the vision man,

Area we will deliver contributionsthe vital relationshipsto the understandingin life, home,of family, community, government; his

your choice of a beauexpositions of heaven and earth, salvation, exaltation, and eternity—all

stamping him with the unmistakable tiful marks of mighty faith and prophetic vision and understanding, I feel to exclaim with the author of our be- - <tll\l I 1 loved hymn: I Itl 1 1 #1 It W

with Praise to the man who communed

Jehovah that Prophet anointed and Seer. RIGHT TO YOUR HOME! 495 and up Jesus

Send for illustrated catalog Convenient Terms

He was "blessed to open the last dispensation"and "kings shall extol him"GLEN IHtOV MUSIC CO. and "nations shall revere him"when

SALT LAKE CITY OGDEN the knowledge which he brought is disseminated through the earth to the understanding of the people thereof.

So, my brethren and sisters, we need knowledge—knowledge of the

things of the Lord. Our Father said in

the very beginning of his work, "let every man learn his duty."It may be

are that there of a few the commandthe for reasons ALUMISHIELD ROLL ments, which us. to apparent very some We accept ROOFING are not old, the as did of prophets on faith

THE ULTIMATE IN ROOFING MATERIA cerniblebut in thereasonmain therebehindis aeverysound comdis- the of gives WITH A PROTECTIVE SURFACING OF 1 gospelmandment.reveals Athatknowledgereason, and

AND LIGHT REFLECTING additional encouragement and strength

ALUMINUM FLITTERS in Forkeepingexample,it. the man who looks

XOUR ROOFS; methodupon tithingof gatheringas nothingmoneymoredoesthannota

/MORE INSULATION, understand the law; but he who recogLONGER LIFE 'nizes in it a great principle of true

worship and spiritual growth will find

ALLWEATHER PROTECTION infinitely more satisfaction in complying with its requirements. He will unSee, itfc ihiber Dealer isderstandthe givingthat theof trueone'stestself,of anddevotionthat

when a man parts with the proceeds

MoRRisoN - Merrill & Co of his labors, giving that which repPASCO PISTRIBUTORS resents the expenditure of his brain

NIELLO - SALT LAKE CITY '".-,- power, his muscular strength, and his

energy, he not only demonstrates his loyalty to the Lord and his work, but he adds to his own faith and his spiritual resources, his contentment, and

Leaves his happiness. He builds up loyalty.

Salt Lake City, Utah He attains power to control rebellious

June 19 and critical thoughts and tendencies. THE HISTORIC TRAIN and returns June 28 His conscience is clear. He can sleep

You will visit Independence. Nauvoo, Carthage, Winter Quarters, and Denver, comfortably with, himself. Truly he

Kansas City, Omaha and Chicago for three glorious days grows in spiritual power.

is spirof commandment God fVERY $169.95

itual are no in nature. There will pay for your railroad fare, hotels, sightseeing, Pullman sleeper, and most of J—'

your meals. Personally conducted by carnal commandments. We have

revelation. this from modern

effect have commandments VIDA FOX CLAWSON learnedWhile the 301 Zion's Savings Bank Blag., Salt Lake City, Utah Write for Details upon the body) and temporal things

all spiritual. in essence are they The Eastern The Far HISTORIC TRAIN postponed has been until AUGUST 4

is is It spiritual. of Wisdom Word

in order to include the PAGEANT AT THE HILL CUMORAH it that enjoins the true of deleteriuse ous substances and makes provision 346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for the health of the body. But the

largest measure of good derived from its observance is in increased faith and the development of more spiritual CbvL yOlL fijwhdbjct?power and wisdom. Likewise, the most

regrettable and damaging effects of itsinfractions are spiritual, also. Injury FIRE AUTO

comparatively the beto body may injury death, for or damin LIABILITY life's savings your destroy the would in soul the totrivial the to damage proand Protect income your age. a few minutes. retardafaith thedestruction of and attachment. perty from

I say, spiritual growth.tion of So that things precious those PROTECT

vehicle from loss spirto your involves aevery AGAINST commandment itual principle. cannot be replaced. damage by collision or upset.

I mentioned character in connection Insurance for rural homes at cost. From Theft Glass Breakage, Fire or

the Storm. commandments. keepingwith policy entitles you to share in Your keeping think of it, I come to dividends paid on all policiesWhen 10% the savings.

is the 1948. in only aboutthe commandments

yardstick I know in measuring and Frame Bldgs.: less than 40c Full liability coverage at cost.

particularly character, withappraising the Brick Bldgs.: less than 30c Medical payments for all riders. to thosereference who have

knowledge our people have. We comFor Fire Insurance Information: For Auto Insurance Information:

strong character as refer tomonly or Send a post card or letter today to deceitor gentle honest or harsh,weak, "tight,"ful, charitable or and on so list attriof the long all NATIONAL FARMERS UNION INSURANCES throughdown butes. Perhaps, the classification 139 North 3rd West P. O. Box 1438

dreaded most by redblooded people Salt Lake City 11, Utah is that of weakling. That designation

seems to be resented more than almost any other, excluding criminal appellations, and, most unfortunately, among these are some who are boastful of sinful records and reputations. Weaklings are those lacking in the necesLet Us Help Yousary stamina, strength, and courage to Gone

sustain a position. A person can behelpless physically and still not be a With Your

weakling, if he or she has the disposition and inner strength and courage to fight bravely on. It is the moral cowUp In

the ignorant corrupt the ards and who

I of us Problems none world. aware that am

has all the strength, resistance, and like to have,courage he would but I ALL KINDS OF TILE WORK Smoke there that are afraid many amongam FULLY GUARANTEED their TOBACCO, MOST INmoral permitted haveus who strength to be tapped and drained unSIDIOUS TOXIN OF Bathrooms solid chartil there be much may not OUR TIMES EXPOSED. like to wouldn't remaining.acter They

be called weaklings or cowards, but if Drainboards By will thoughtthemselves examinethey Fireplaces PRYNS HOPKINS, M.A., Ph.D. fully admit some and frankly may well

that their strength is gone. I think I Floors Just published by Murcan tell you how many have come to

this misfortune. They have been tryStore Fronts, Etc. ray 6c Gee, Culver City.

ing to ape the ways of the world. Read how nicotine poiMany have forgotten that they have sons the germ plasma,

been called out of the world and enthe body, the mind,joined to keep themselves unspotted Spiker45 W. FayetteTileAve. Co.

its sins. haven't I suppose somefrom capacity, and working

they Salt Lake City PHONE 5-145158242 and that meant whateven known social relationships.

have yielded to the sophistry and the Call or Write for Free Estimates sophistication and the practices of Also $2.50 from the author

institutions groups.worldlyminded and Tile

used to sayTeddy Roosevelt that it Linoleum—AsphaltWork InstalledTile—RubberAny Place 1902 Garden Street

often courage to say took more "no"in Intermountain West Santa Barbara California it face did tothan a bear with a pistol.

We've had a lot of men and women who unfortunately didn't have the courage to say "no"and who unalso the did notfortunately have... pride HOTEL LANKERSHIM OFFER WE in heritage theof their great Church 7th COMPLETE BROADWAY A

great It's a kingdom pity of God.and RATES MODERATE SERVICE ENGRAVING

Headquarters S. in Los Largest to the Portraitsthat of the been it has Missionary so. Think Armeies From Operator im- L. D.FRANK Catalogues. Manager H. R. BECKETT.WISHON. RAY thesemeasurable good and men women Attention Prompt Orders Given Mail

might if they hadn't have done been so LOS ANGELES

CO. ENGRAVING - ONE CHARGE 'UTAH If they strengthweak. had of TWO PERSONS had the

Utah St. Salt Lake City, 113 Regent

(Concluded on page 348) MAY 1949 347

KEEP THE COMMANDMENTS mightyfound it Churcha great honorof thetoLordrepresentin manythis ( Concluded from page 347 capacities. I have not always felt"

worthy of the honor, but I trust that right for character the to stand as they in the Church the of membership pride it. the of they admiration Think knew leave never kingdom and of God will for could have themselves commanded

and for their Church by simply declinme. The Apostle Paul must haveDESERET ing the cigaret and the glass of beer looked down through the ages of men

and participation in indecent stories and foreseen their weaknesses, when, and tolerance for cheap jokes and witin giving that famous definition of theNEWS ticisms directed at sacred things in gospel, he said:: '-

their religion. I think of the strength

they might have developed in themFor I am not ashamed of the gospel ofPRESS selves and in the youth who look to Christ: for it is the power of God unto

them if they had resisted the slotsalvation.... (Romans 1:16.)

machine, petty gambling on a golf game, a horse race or cards, and the It is too bad when men and women allurement of the Sunday movie. gospel. of the ashamed become When COMMERCIAL

in forces our telling communities gets and young ness, soon the them world AND EDITION I understand that there are organized they do, they succumb to their weakthat people these and other infractions life. things richest of the they lose

of our moral code religious have no sisters, and therefore, brethren and PRINTERS If, my AND significance urging and to them free be if listen, friends other who may my restraint. from such disThey would character, great develop would you BINDERS BOOK associate religion. conduct from Well, repurpose, of constant the strength

it can't they any do more than they evil, nobility thought to in sistance PAPER RULING can separate life. living from if the purpose, and you would know

Do you think that weak abandonrichness of life and experience conment of wellrecognized standards has tentment and its deepest satisfactions, commanded even the respect and adkeep the commandments.

miration of newfound friends of the world? tragic it a is mistake What I thought, done. another and am Just for to any reach false the man conis It all fofeiilonaI to prize said wisdom. r We clusion that in order to get business

is really It gifts. the of greatest the be political or preferment or social presbeneficient to apply knowledge power tige he must I Soclai the compromise truth. ana in vicissitudes all of decisions the and that wish a hundred or a thousand men life. in the comneed wisdom we How this of if Church, there be that many, difficulties position troubles of the and Statiuoner< would withdraw themselves v. from world. of the need wisdom we How lodges secret and orders they which affairs, families, in our our with own were counseled never is join. to It my associations. business, Alour and our opinion that of most our allied "men is decision. a of every most day day with these STREET secret RICHARDS orders 29 to had show to do. choice make. to What What some weakness before inthey were of secure better to I don't a know way It vited. is observation that invitamy that the need by wisdom we 4-5521 tions only to come those PHONE not do who the are keeping commandments. thanWe give wholehearted loyal support to the to enjoined by commandments the its Church and standards. The pray, serve, to study, to to and work Church needs the undivided allegiance spirit. contrite of and humble and be of these men, and they need the KILLS are promises to great the meek The Church, as their families do also. Just inherit shall earth. the BLACK Wisdom who so sure as they divide their allegiance, CHICKEN LICE is arrogant, not to be found the among and the will world I claim them. an make LEAF selfsufficient, the nor haughty and FEATHERMITES 40 earnest all appeal to brethren my who sinful antiChrists the the and among have joined these CAPBRUSH secret APPLICATOR orders to is gift of to world. the the a Wisdom leave them and their renew associathe CapBrush Tap on student, faithful prayerful to the and the roosts smear and tions in the of quorums priesthood and utilizes their the drops. the obedient, those This to repose who the organizations activities and Black powerful the Leaf40 of spirit trust the in the counsels and of give greatest to fumes I Church. that know every single one bristles coverage. the priesthood of No God. responds will who to absorb waste be and blessed in so

liquid. the peneFumes

trate feathers the of doing. There was great import in those inspiring, of simple President words roosting chickens, I have a further to say to word killing lice. body my No in uttered the Grant's Temple. Holy poultry. handling of brethren are who members of service the that has message embodied They Write fordirections on clubs, chambers of commerce, and presito us all the through feathermite control. come down

Buy only in original other nonsecret business, professional dents of the Church. I know it is the

factorysealedcontainers social and organizations. Brethren, present of our President and message

to insure full strength. you don't It need prinhis associates. to abandon any voiced a has been

ciple, any standard or approved practhousand times in the words of every 481? tice of the Church to which we have true leader. It is not news, but it will

ounce One It is old. treats the the to honor belong never mesto maintain grow good

about 90 chickens in standing the these for sage If organizations. of government eternalman—keep feet of roost. 60—

us better the grant get out. commandments. you God, had do, you Our Oh

TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS & CHEMICAL CORPORATION men can and do win the respect of all the intelligence, the knowledge, the

Nicotine Specialists Since 1885 if they have the courage of their concharacter, and the wisdom to obey, I

RICHMOND, VA. victions. There is little respect on the humbly pray, in the name of Jesus

part of any for the weakling. I have Christ. Amen.

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SACREDNESS OF THE ETERNAL MARRIAGE COVENANT {Continued from page 272) husband who lives after the flesh, Made Especially by JANSSEN

Now this is impressed upon my whose incontinency is such that he mind at this particular time because I makes her life miserable; and they arehave had so many cases come before not keeping the commandments that A PIANO

they to were given them when were I into the dehaven't time to gome. all FOR CHURCHES and SCHOOLS for time and in the temple married I but matters, in to these tails regard

want to call attention to two cases that eternity, where he is supposed to love have come before me recently. and respect and care for his wife with

all the faith, in and humility, all the conference stake close of the a At of gospel the of understanding the for to time, brother a up cameone me gospel of Jesus the Christ. Jesus And follow did notcounsel, he when which

is not carnal. Christ

it. It counsel wanted; wasn't he gothe

it was confirmation. He said he and T have a statement here, from Presihis wife had tired of each other. She * dent Brigham Young that I want to

was a good woman. She was living read:

religion. to good claimed be aher He get that "I good you women know

his stake, of president theman. And of out and provoked and annoyed

I said him, to spokeafterwards, when husyour with times patience many Specifications: they could man.he a good was How justly. are 'times at bands, They and separate to and and wantbe good Height, 44y2 as of considerate you as not always gloriall these discard into thethrow 24"Width. if they provide be; to but ought they to bring blessings thatous them would

to kind for are and they you and you Length, in forth set as glory ofthe 57W godhood, right, treat stay with otherwise you

I to readthese have revelations which Also is President them."That what Young they could be good?you? How it think "I said: has say. to has He

in Sold at Macy's SPINETS KRAKAUER k I brethren to you, to say want lay that as my taught some been by we Since 1869 York New sisters, could there a never be rise in willand PIANOS so JANSSEN they bodies our down * largest World's 100 than For more if this in the husbanddivorce Church all impedithe the resurrection with store years.

and the wife were keeping the comments and imperfections that they have mandments of God. here; and that if a wife does not love * GETZEN BAND INSTRUMENTS $98.50

And within the week, my attention her husband in this estate, she cannot * RONALD STUART was called to another case similar to love him in the next. This is not so. "World's biggest toned spinet"

by Hammond attain blessings the to Those of * SOLOVOX whothis, a marand a where man woman i first will celestial resurrection or the allried for in the time temple and request sent Literature upon perfect holy, in body. and and be pure tired other. ofeternity each have

They have raised a family. Now he Every man and woman that reaches to

wants to go his way, and she wants this unspeakable attainment will be as that the angels surround as beautiful they to be But wantto go her way. *&g

can, of the throne by faithGod. If you feelingsfriends. are hard no There

between them. They have just got fulness in this life attain the right to

tired. They want a change. Do they come up in the morning of the resurhave the spirit of the gospel in their rection, you need entertain no fears

hearts? I say to you, no, or they that the wife will be dissatisfied with

would not be tired of each other. That her husband or the husband with the

first resurrection for wife, those the of of got tired notcould follow. They

will sin free from and from be truth.living of eternal the principles the concom-A % New

sin. of This plett and sequences body power Pianos his tired of wife get not would manA

it is in Music in is raised corruption; 'sown $495.00 his heart. in the love of Store V had God

up and it is dishonor, in incorruption; sown tired her not get of would woman So. E. 2130 Terms andifA he 11th

it is is in glory; raised in weaksown Tradeins Salt City, Lake Ut. if the it in heart her shehusband had

love of God, that first of all comness; it is raised in power; it is sown

a natural body; couldmandments. not do it! And They

And as weithaveis raisedborne athespiritualimage SUGARHOUSE MUSIC CO. children. thethen think of Here you body.

have a broken home. These people get of the earthly, we shall also bear the

a divorce, and then they want to get image of the heavenly.'

a cancelation, perhaps, of their sealing. "God has done his part towards

They want to marry somebody else. putting us in possession of celestial THE GREATEST AChappiness, the glory and by providing there a broken home. have youAnd it; COMPLISHMENT IN attain to means whereby paris going to of the become we mayWhat

ents? What is going to become of the and if we ever possess it, we must do BIBLE PUBLICATION

children? Haven't the children any so by conforming to the means prorights? The parents become separated. vided. God has given the children of of the Twentieth Century

Each goes a different way, but they men dominion over the earth and over want to be friends. And then they exall things that pertain to it and has Just Off the Press

pect to marry again for time and all commanded them to subdue it, and eternity and enter into the celestial sanctify themselves before him, and DEALERS FRANCHISE OPEN kingdom of God to receive all the also sanctify and beautify the earth by Box 1454 blessings of exaltation! Are they entheir industry and by their wisdom and

titled to do it? Not as I read these skill which cometh from God.... To Charlotte, North Carolina

Scriptures—they are not entitled to do receive the gospel and believe and enit. Of course, we have worse cases joy it in the spirit is the simplest part

of the the cases, work perhaps,than that. have We Latterday Saints have Subscribe to and Read perform. to learn is and justified in seekingwhere a woman

relief, to be separated from a brutal (Concluded on page 350) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MAY 1949 349 THE ETERNAL MARRIAGE COMPLETE Stop That Noise! (ConcludedCOVENANTfrom page 349) REFRIGERATION all has over Lord made man "God Complete

things is the labor here and it below, PLANT

Acoustical Engineering of man to bring all things unto sub16 ft. by 23 ft. jection to God by first subjecting him-

(Walkin Type) and self to the will of God, and then suball jecting over things has he which

Portable building consisting order. oi Installation Services in their control time and The three separately refrigerated rooms

life will is eternal of to his peoGod 11"with glass insulation, walls plaster interior, enamel finish. ple, and to all they control."(Journal

of Discourses, 10:2425.)

The Lord bless you, I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

"CHOOSE YOU THIS DAY WHOM YE WILL SERVE"(Continued from page 271)

with Equipped Baker, dual water Among the many jobs completed are is InbuttheoneChurchstandardof Jesusof morality.Christ thereNo cooled Freon compressors, powered

by two 2-h.p. 60cycle electric mothe L. D. S. Wards at young man has any more right to sow

tors. for operation Ready with

controls, lights, gauges alarm and all REXBURG hisgirl.wildHeoatswhoin comesyouth thanto hishasbishopa youngto

system. CLINTON ask for a recommend to take a pure girl

RICHFIELD to the altar is expected to give the same

PRICED FOR IMMEDIATE Call Your purity that he hopes to receive.

DISPOSAL! Local Lumber Dealer A woman crowned with virtue is

or the "highest, holiest, most precious gift

Standard Surplus, Inc. to man,"excepting only salvation ofin gospel, that the forms fered and P. O. Box 96, Seams, Utah PIONEER CORP. UTAH

it. barters of part But a woman who 5-5995 PHONE 333 4-1717 W. 1st So. Phone least "is of of the not her virtue one

man's shames."

When, instead of high moral principles, a life of immoral indulgence is chosen, and man or woman gets far down in the scale of degeneracy, disWas the earth created in six loyalty is an inevitable part of his or days? SEEDSPAX Field Seeds and Grasses her nature. Loyalty to parents beWas Adam really the first RANGER and BUFFALO alfalfa comes quenched; obedience to their

man? Acclimated SEED CORN teachings and ideals abandoned; loyalCan Mormons believe in Evo- U.S. 52. C-38 and other Hybrids. ty to wife and children smothered in

lution? Also Sweet Corn. It will pay you base gratification; loyalty to Church

READ to get our prices. impossible, and is often supplanted by

PAX Field and Garden Fertilizer sneers at its teachings, and that means is with Organics, "left to to himself the perpetrator SulAmmonium SCIENCE and RELIGION AGREE phate, etc. Triple Superphosphate, pricks against the to fight kick and JENKINS By MILTON JONES VI Of against God."PAX Super Grass Seed Lawn Order From

"There's a Growing Difference"At this stage, irreverence is an inevitable consequence, pretty sure a H>erbtce Cfmrcf) Co. sign of will National weakness. moral Farmers Union man No

Salt P. 0. Box City, 2245, Lake Utah rise jeers at things. high sacred Service who Corp.

Pay Postage Anywhere We It is said that Melville Mr. D. when

Serving the Teachers Preachers and of the (Eli Perkins) preparing Landon was KellyWestern Seed Co. Gospel DBA

139 N. 3rd West, Salt Lake City andhis volumePulpit, heonwroteKingstoofColonelthe PlatformRobert

Phone 3-4463 G. Ingersoll for a copy of his most famous lecture. In a letter which accompanied the manuscript, Mr. Ingersoll S. HEADQUARTERS

said: LAS VEGAS, I INL. D. NEVADA I PARTYIn SixBest PopularPUNCHFor

do, not Flavors put anything do Whatever you KING'S YE REST MOTEL Orange, Cherry, Christ. the against into have book I may

Lime, Raspberry, 526 5th STREET SOUTH silly in things said about him a boy when Strawberry and Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner I Illinois, Peoria, as regard but him now Grape

Edgar H. Foutz. Manager STARTUP CANDY the one Perfect Man.

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout COMPANY

Provo, Utah T said in the beginning that man is a dual being—a physical and spiritual

real part. of tragedy The jucl important J1ml QynfUwvsumsvnL entity, but his spiritual side is the allis ideals that following false by so doFOR BETTER READING ing we stifle and sometimes choke out

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA spirituality completely. Rudolph Euckic, contrite, sympathetic, or grateful

en truly asserts that without a conThe Time of Your Life for her devotion. He was ruthless.

fine in is respects a Bill many yet And relation spiritual thesciousness of to page (Concluded 281) from ordinarily. helpful, is man. young He conwithout a well lack as confidence, as of lack andInfinite—note athis—that paris, his and fair student, is a He spiritual relationsciousness of little a is difference, a of energy. There disclean. he certain, But feel ents

it procrastinator, if you're and, a to time losses of serious the regards is civilcivilization possible. true lazy. are that you doesn't always No mean A loss the ruthless is about himself and all declining superization with contact a Still, if are lazy, probably are you you I bemainly, mother, his to time of life establish refusing natural those to and procrastinator. of the extremest form

it sleeponly as sees relations, he lieve, deinner gradually because mysterious is thief of a selfishness! This Third, time civilization, sleeping into generates a wasting mere human time. Yet ing the prowler time a on and your own civilization. of a becomes parody and wasting fatal than more even be can feel at others. time of domain You Health, time. waking reputation—even to play around loose ends and want its five along with or sacrificed all body more be The character—can little; coat, lunch toss so your a you

itssenses, appetites passions, wasted. with that and are hours night the with hall corner the into and box, books and

life is happiness, contributes essential to but and view of point ruthless A it's silly tell that call her Jane. You it is analysis ultimatein lag. only the a time serious this to dinner. practise or before to study end. of higher ameans man When Intervalues! sense Fifth, false of a at school hard both worked You've

its itself, gratification in an endmakes reis time great trivial a in the est for you're (or a due you?) have and frustrates the purpose descendshe and readin gossip, hot in Interest ducer. thing, little the fun. movie's and A this sensuality.to day "Choose you "thrillerradio in and operas soap ing, is If at the Remo. Grant Cary down will serve."yewhom every in fashion's Absorption dillers."hurry, can you Well, make you it—

in snip latest the whim, P. expresses little than Altgeld late haircuts—in more course, John a of be might you

mere imagination when he says: for dinner but who cares? Jane just all of the "yoyo"activities of youth

must come. You want to go yourself, perhaps harmless enough, can be

Young man, life is before you. Two and you work overtime persuading profoundly wasteful of time. Of course,voices are calling you—one coming out her! we must be careful not to pass judgforce, selfishness the offrom and swamps extrivialities since and age ment on is this like regular If something your death; other success the andwhere means in, all and enter training and perience I just tell procedure, exactly can you justice hilltops the of progress,from and might trivial to seem me what may you'll kind of at be what woman... failure glory. evenwhere Two to importance interest and of seem forty. should though be lie Even you to to leading an openways you—onebrings fact so. legitimately The plain, you'll lower are busy, very ever lower time and where your have on another—and

heard the cries of despair and the curses of hands because you won't have dethat someone likes Beethoven better the poor, where manhood shrivels and posveloped interests, or talents, or abilithan Prokofieff is perhaps not so much possessor; rots the the session it and is down as of values sense reflection of a ties. a will evenings your spend You

to the the of leading highlands mornother cannot years. of indication an calling and your maybe We days youring, shouts the glad are where heard of walls the time from escape always of busiest friends their talking and heads is effort rehonesthumanity and where the but avoid to generation, our own they off while the clock with watch immortality. withwarded

honare able far as in trivial we so nervous gentle very impatience—being helpbe value interpret would to feel with for estly they because sorry you is spirituality Brethren and sisters,

time. in saving measure ful beyond is dull. poor so whose life Mary consciousness over self, of victorythe

and of communion with the Infinite. Fourth, vuthlessness! I was going We are told that after this life, there

Spirituality impels one to conquer difto call this discourtesy or recklessness. is no such thing as time. That point

ficulties and acquire more and more They're both part of it, and all three of view would seem reasonable since, strength. To feel one's faculties unare closely tied up with selfishness. if we use time well here, we shall

folding and truth expanding the soul is Perhaps if I give you an illustration, have freed ourselves from the need one of life's sublimest experiences. you'll want to name it yourselves. of its measured discipline. But I have

Bill evidenced it the other evening. Bill the feeling that if we fail to meet its

Being "honest, true chaste, benevois seventeen. He was out the other challenge now, we shall be quite conlent, virtuous, and in doing good to all night on a big party. He came home fined in our plans both here and heremen,"are attributes which contribute at 3:30 a.m. His mother was nearly after. If we fail to accomplish the

to spirituality, the highest acquisition frantic. Bill is a good boy. He neither things of youth in the time of youth,

in soul. It divineof the is "the ourselves. drinks. behind nor forever pet. man, smokes he doesn't will be And we

gift that supreme,the crowning makes of responsibility driving father's his the car, is given He was youth and To him king of all created things, the one he had two other young couples with building strength and health of body, final quality that makes him tower him. Like most mothers, Bill's mother resiliency of spirit, staunchness of

above all other animals."lives a very full life. She has five chilsoul, nobility of purpose. To youth is

Divine is that admonition and promdren—the youngest only a few months given the task of training mind and

ise given to the Prophet Joseph Smith: old and the next a very active, highmuscles, of developing talent. It is a

"... let virtue garnish thy strung child of four. She must get up very difficult doublingup process to

night's and handle a full day. Herthoughts unceasingly;"—a wonderful early

sleep is frequently broken. is at Shestatement takehood—ofon themakingresponsibilitiesand maintainingof adult-a

... then shall thy confidence wax strong the peak of her responsibilities. Every home; of bearing, rearing, and sustainin the presence of God; and the doctrine day loads her to the limit. Threeing a family; of fostering civic projof the priesthood shall distil upon thy soul thirty was an impossibly late hour for ects and charitable aims; of carrying

as the dews from heaven. Bill to arrive home, and suggesting major church assignments and still be

The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant that such was the case to Bill brought catching up on the opportunities of companion, and thy scepter an unchanging forth the most astounding result. Bill youth which you may have lost while

scepter of righteousness and truth; and was rude. He told her in so many supposedly having the time of your

shall everlastingthy dominion dominbe an life. that she time the to crazy expect words Avoid was wastrels-—procrasit shallion without compulsory and means in It earlier. of timidtination get reason (whether him to by any would

foreverflow ever. thee (D. unto and & ruthselfishness, fear, laziness), ity, spoiled the for C. have or everyone. party121:4546.)

They must dance as long as the orlessness, and a false sense of values.

God help us to keep that admonition chestra played. Then they must have Avoid them as you would a swarm of

and to follow the ideals of the Church something to eat. Then he must take anopheles mosquitoes carrying a lethal

of Jesus Christ established by direct everyone home. Her attitude accordload of malaria. Catch and use these

revelation in this day, I pray, in the ing to Bill was absurd—she should just beautiful promising hours now—they

name of Jesus Christ. Amen. go to sleep! Bill was neither apologetare yours!

MAY 1949 351 0MH,

"Speak the Speech"ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

npHE request has come to discuss the word, despicable. The 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th & "C,"San Diego, Calif.

* word is one that can be advantageously used on some 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

occasions of great emotion as a result of some deplorable 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

action. However, unless it is pronounced correctly, it would

be better to avoid using it at all. The des has the e proNaval Station Services

nounced as in the word met and receives the accent; pi has L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

the i pronounced as in it; ka is pronounced with the a as in information:

account; ble is pronounced as bl. The main things to remem- "L. D. S. services are held each Friday at 8 p.m. in

ber is that the e is the first vowel and the i the second and Frazier Hall, 245 West 28th St., Norfolk Naval Station,

that the accent falls on the first syllable. Norfolk, Virginia."

Yokota Air Force Base, Japan Editors: have always enjoyed the Era very much, but it has meant THE LIGHT TOUCH

I so much more to me here in Japan where we have little contact with the Church, being forty miles away from Tokyo, Missionary: "Poor man! So you know nothing of religion."

where we can attend the services. It is two hours'drive over Cannibal: "Oh, yes. We got a taste of it when the last

bad roads. missionary was here."

It has been my pleasure, due to the Era, of being able to do a little missionary work among a few of the Englishspeak- ing Japanese with whom I have come in contact, showing them Opposite Tastes the book, also the Relief Society Magazine, and explaining the various beliefs of the Latterday Saints. One sister is just crazy about school. The other and younger

(Signed) Mrs. O. E. Kiessig one is, to put it mildly, considerably less enthusiastic.

The other day the older sister suggested: "Let's play

school."Kitzingen, Germany "All right,"returned the younger one, grudgingly, "but let's iTtheDear Friends:Improvement Era has been a constant companion durplay I'm absent."—Cleveland Plain Dealer

* ing our tour of duty with occupation forces in Germany.

Without it we would have felt lost, as it has proved one of the best sources of information regarding our beautiful religion. A young couple stood, happily, looking down upon their

It has kept us in contact with our many friends in the states, firstborn, lying in his crib, asleep. As the mother gazed down

for which we are grateful—as well as given us the current on the little yearold tot, she saw him growing up—in her

news of the Church. mind's eye. She saw him going to school, becoming a great

In the past two years we have been fortunate to be able to student. She saw him studying law, graduating, trying imattend meetings in branches of the Church at Munich, portant cases. She saw him becoming a senator, and ambasFurth, and Nurnburg in Germany and have enjoyed passing sador—and finally she pictured herself in the White House

on the inspirational literature taken from The Improvement the mother of the President!

Era. Then she turned to stare thoughtfully at her husband. She

Very sincerely, wondered what he'd been thinking about as he looked at his him. reader, she asked so wasn't she a mind (Signed) Pearl M. Ward son—and

replied: curiosity, wife's at his husband, a little The -

if stand under can up he wonder such a little "He's smilingfellow—I

"Crom H. Spencer Falslev we received the following: a third term?"—Magazine Digest

"Lost in the Jungle"-Q- "Throughout my travels in the Far East Pacific as a photogood condition, but is no longer used because of the fact grapher in the United States Navy, I have run across many that it is so far in the jungle.

structures of great interest. But this L.D.S. chapel stopped "The sign which stands a short distance from the church is

me cold in my tracks as I came out into a large clearing in beginning to deteriorate and lean against an Australian pine the middle of the deep jungle on Saipan, in the Marianas tree (iron wood tree)."

Islands. Here in the middle of the jungle stands a monument The photographs are by H. Spencer Falslev, a Latterday

to the men who built it back in the year 1945. It was erected Saint boy who hails from 436 North 6th East, Logan, Utah,

by the Latterday Saint men of the Second Marine Division and is now serving in the U. S. Navy as a photographer.

and dedicated December 9, 1945. The church is still in very (These photographs are not official Naval photographs.)

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to help t/ou More than 60 hours?: of skillfully produced

educational and cultural programs are brought to your home each week by KSL.

You are invited to listen and learn, KSL offers

much to help you get more out of life.

A FEW PROGRAMS FOR SUGGESTED LISTENING

e CHURCH OF THE AIR SALT LAKE TABERNACLE CHOIR

Sundays, 8:00 a.m. Sundays, 9:30 a.m.

UTAH COLLEGES ON THE AIR NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC Fridays, 10:00 p.m. SYMPHONY

Sundays, 1:00 p.m.

# PHILADELPHIA ORCHESTRA Saturdays, 3:00 p.m. ALBUM OF MUSIC

Monday through Friday, 11:05 p.m.

UNITED NATIONS REPORT Monday through Friday, 11:30 p.m.

}f #

JV/

HUGGED, LONELY, TERRI

.,. yet a place of infinite peace and be;

Like this rugged seashore, life, too is and cruel -or lovely and kindaccor to the strength... or the protection... of

those who must face it.

:,. ''I

'-:'I BERT'S'.'

,.-...!.....'.;. '

. I.;-- m i I.. -.-.'

lliiHHHiHHin

JMnHL,..'rail '.::: Hi! wb

HHHBB

k Si MlSliifiT'rl mpMir George Albert Smith, Pre*. Salt Lake City. Utah