JANUARY 1954

ELDER MATTHEW COWLEY1897-1953 IfWITH LAND OPPORTUNITYn c 2!j HE h i > Tl!BWMmHfll.:

&S MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY is steadily increasing its scope of operations in the intermountain west. Acceleration is occurring

all along the line—in exploration, in number of welts drilled, in new

construction, in increased taxes and payroll, all of which is contributing toward community and state advancement.

Ours is a longrange program, the everincreasing objective of which is to continue to meet the needs of the area we serve. Immense

investments are required in finding and developing productive areas.

During the past year several good gas fields of large potential open flow have been developed in various fields. Compressor plants have

been constructed which will increase gas deliveries.

It is significant to note that during the last ten years the population served by this company increased 36 per cent, the amount of gas supplied increased 100 per cent and the number of customers served increased 200 per cent. We now serve over 100,000 customers

as compared with 31,000 ten years ago.

It is our earnest endeavor to pursue intelligently an aggressive policy of exploration and distribution to serve the public in this - the "Land of Opportunity."

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

,:::..,..,..;;.;;;:...:;.;.......,..........:.... $M;: $Mm

"=#K>

ll;ii;-IBil|IIIPiiiI

fr*/.f"/I- r -m. - "f*s.;..ifc

lliii '.:': -

;$te*KM

/****fcS8BU

'-: ':- "M&iSfSfBSSHS

czt/Aies* mzwo

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Lockfoam, a new plastic developed by

Lockhead Aircraft Corporation is finding wide use as a structural stiffener, which can be poured into the cavities of complex parts. Made with both

isocyanate and phenolic bases the plastic expands on setting to fill a cavity into which it is poured. It can be varied in

density from 1.5 to 35 pounds to the

cubic foot.

largest icebergs shelf break off theThe Ovalshaped TOWN HOUSE Crackers are ice of is a continuation the which

Antarctic icecap at points where it exbaked sideways. The ''grain"of each cracker

waters surrounding to shallow tends the runs with your bite—across the oval. shelf continent. ice is already The

partly afloat and as gradually pushed out farther from land it breaks off in enormous pieces that may be many miles wide and up to fifty miles long, rising nearly 300 feet out of the water, and having a thickness of about 2700 feet.

That's why they break The baking industry in the United clean when you bite

States uses one and onefourth billion pounds of sugar a year, exceeded 'em. There's no crumindustry only beverage by the which bling—no crumbs. uses one onehalf and billion pounds.

The great Lisbon, Portugal, earthquake of November 1, 1755 caused damage mainly by the gigantic wave that it started. This wave crossed the Atlantic

Ocean and reached the West Indies still thirteen to nineteen feet high. TowftW

Experiments have shown that the conduction of heat is less in fat persons than lean and in women than in men.

Women generally have a thicker layer of subcutaneous fat than men, and, in addition, at low temperatures they seem more able to increase their metabolic rate than men; hence women appear to

experience with indifference cold which men find trying if protected by the same amount of clothing. cocker //?25yews!

collected bacteria have beenRecently from ocean depths 7y$OAt7dMy/ from bottom mud as great as 32,000 feet. It take four to

ten hours to bring the samples of mud to the surface. If these bacteria are

incubated under pressure of 1000 atmospheres, ten to one hundred times develop than at atmospheric presmore Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello. Phoenix sure.

JANUARY 1954

The Popularity SOVIET EDUCATION of an HThe population "bulge"in the United

is States the American making by Dr. G. Homer Durham

strain school system groan and under ELECTRIC VICE PRESIDENT. for (Salt the City, burden Lake example, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

has about 1300 more firstgraders this CLOTHES year than last—which meant finding

about fiftytwo new classrooms and teachers with about the same funds in because the "population bulge"had DRYER an "economy"climate). American taxforced the school system to shift entering

is payers are having a difficult time trying birthdates after the war. And although

to understand why schools cost so much a gallant(!) fight was put up by his

are asking searching quesparents in 1949, on the eve of his sixth Skyrocketing money and tions about the curricula. This suggests birthday, we had to bow to the will of

that it may be interesting to see what Utah, comforted by the advice from the the other great power in the world does professional educators that "the boy with its schools. The ability of people would do so much better a year later."

on both sides to grasp facts and display I suppose he has. So, maybe, the Soviet

understanding is a product, largely, of boys and girls all do better at seven education. Therefore, to know somethan six—but this comment is thrown

thing about "education"in the USSR in largely for comparative analysis by may be instructive and useful to us. readers who have met the problem!

The first thing to realize is the If he lives in the outlying rural disenormous strides taken by tricts, the Soviet child

Buy From Your Dealer Soviet "education"in the probably enters a "sevenlast four decades. The year"school; if in a

Czarist census of 1897 larger place, a "tenyear"

Be Thrifty showed that about 30 school, which is rapidUse Electricity populationpercent of thecouldRussiansign "sevenyear"ly replacing institutions.the older

UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO. their first and last names. Those from the sevenThe 1939 census showed year schools will probthat 81.2 percent could ably go back to the land

CONSULT A readcompetence.and writeInwith1914somethere were ninetyHowever aboutafter20 percentthe seventhare draftedgrade.

SEATING SPECIALIST theone Russianinstitutionsempire,of higherlocatedlearningin sixteenin intoof freestateonthe-joblabor reservesschoolingfor fourin yearswhat

BEFORE YOU SELECT PEWS cities. In 1939 there were 708, situated might be described as rough equivalents

FOR YOUR NEW CHAPEL in 154 cities; today about 900. In 1914 of our "CCC camps"in the 1930s. AnWell-designed seating offers greater the empire boasted 15,000 general liother 10 percent may go on to special

comfort at no extra cost. Our "seatbraries. In 1939 there were 60,000 with fouryear professional and technical

ing specialists"only not years have schools, 300 million their some provided plus volumes, parents 50,000 high of in experience of making Church libraries, children's fees or others tuition can muster (which 100,000 and aboutseating, the but they have modmost ern precision machine tools which traveling "bookmobiles"or traveling liin 1940 were 150 to 200 rubles each enable them to do finer work at less braries. Many of these were more obyear).

cost.

Whether you want wellmade econviously for propaganda and indoctrinaIn the tenyear schools the described omy pews, supercomfort upholstered tion purposes, although all aspects of curricula is quite impressive, and on pews, or even individual opera Soviet education are concerned with paper, superior to what is found (also chairs, you'll find competithe best, "safe"molding and "sound"of our rural paper) high citizens on in sometively priced, at Fetzer's Salt Lake socialist for the Soviet state. Especially schools. either English, 1940, SinceCabinet.

stressed are devotion and obedience to French, or German is required of all k Soviet authority, and loyalty and servstudents from the fifth grade on, detbutth Peuw, ice for the upbuilding of a stronger pending on the teacher available or

Send for and more powerful Soviet Union. teachers. This training in linguistic

this FREE The Soviet boy or girl enters school ability may be compared with many at age.seven. As in the United States, American rural high schools (grades 10Church this is compulsory. However in the 12) where no instruction is available in

mm United States a child's parents may modern languages. Even in our many Seating

frequently choose between private and US state universities and colleges more folder. public education. In the Soviet Union students earn bachelor of science (with0fa7Fahfi."-'tamnet thereas we are,knowof them.course, Althoughno privateentranceschools outdegreesa language)(with a thanmodernbachelorlanguage).of arts

at seven is one year later than the sixMoreover, for quite obvious purposes, at

FETZER5 yearold entry in the USA, I am releast one of these schools (there may minded of the fact that my own boy bebe more) exist in which all subjects

Bait fnho Cabinet came seven on October 16, 1950, just a are taught in a foreign language, e.g.

Fixture and Company j$j after to English. permitted he days few was

136 So. Welt Salt lake City, Utah Temple '$X%

in Salt the first enter grade Lake City (Continued on page 6)

A NEW YEAR'S WISH FOR OUR PATRONSAs a brand new year dawns upon us, it is our sincere wish that you will enjoy the best of all good things: health, prosperity, sue'

cess and GOOD READING FOR 1954

THE FIRST

2,000 YEARS by W. Cleon Skousen

Fascinating! A book which

brings together under one cover the salient facts from the time of Adam to the days of Abraham! More

than 500 specific problems answered for young and old alike!

$3.25

BETTER READING FOR BETTER LIVING

GOSPEL IDEALS by David O. McKay

The inspired words that President

David O. McKay has written and

spoken during nearly five decades!

A richlyrewarding book which gives you guidance, comfort, encouragement and conviction.

$4.00

JOSEPH PROPHET USE THIS CONVENIENT ORDER FORM by N. B. Lundwall $3.00

OF No. 5 THE CHALLENGE OUR TIMES

the following books as indicated: send Skousen by W. Cleon $2.00 Please

Price Quantity Book No. of

by Rulon S. Howells $2.25

by Daniel H. Ludlow $4.00

by Hugh Nibley $2.25

Cash ( ) C.O.D. ( )

Name.

Address City State t Bookcraf 1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah—Order from your local dealer—

JANUARY 1954 LJfUciai Lsraan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF 'THE EM"VOICE OF THE CHURCH

Dk. CUcL of

of cJLatleraau Saints r n> VOLUME 57 n-J NUMBER 1 1954 Aanuar.f

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing C. JOSEPHSON MARBA

Editor: Manuscript - Research ELIZABETH Editor:MOFFITT

Jr. Editor: ZOBELL, Family"- "Today'sJ. IRIS PARKEREditor: ALBERT L.

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER Jtie Lcover

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR We honor Elder Matthew Cowley (18971953) who has been a member of the

Council of the Twelve Apostles since October 1945. This is a Boyart Studios

The Editor's Page photograph.

Some Thoughts on Personal Peace President David O* McKay 15

Church Features

Cornerstone at Los Angeles 8 Temple The

OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND 11 Elder Cowley—18971953

Street Main 50 North 16 Resurrection Universal Your Question—TheMatthew

St. Offices, Main North 50 Y.M.M.I.A. Fielding 17 Married?. Smith Should be Joseph

St. Main Offices, North 40 Y.W.M.I.A. of the Through Eyes That Your Eyes, You May Up Youth—LiftDeacons

1, Utah City Salt Lake 18 See.Normand Laub Dee

Who Shall Deny the Justice of God? Henry D, Moyle 22 Copyright 1954 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaImprovement Mutual Men's Young New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study—HI of Christ of Jesus of the Church

Subreserved. rights All Hugh Nibley 30 AssociationtionLatterdayof theSaints.

Church Moves On 10 Presiding Bishopric's Page 42 scriptionsubscriptions,price, $3.00$2.50 aa year,year, in inaavance;advance;foreign25c

Melchizedek Priesthood Page 40 single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, Special Features at1103,1918.special rate of postage provided for in section

Era The Improvement solicited manuscripts, butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unIn the Steps of Abraham—I Stanley Kimball 19

... by sufficient be accompanied must 26 All manuscripts Booth C* C. Lyman Wight—in return. for delivery and postage I Before I Become Engaged EarlyYouth—"ShouldTexas Help Guide Our To

Go On a Mission?'*...Antone K. Romney and Henry L. Isaksen 28

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Change of Address

Richard L* Evans 32, 35, 36, 44 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adinclude please a change, ordering issue of the magazine. a recent LDS Leadership in PTA Mae B, Rose 33 dress.address Whenslip from

unless the old be cannot made changes Address Soviet Education, G. e Times, the Universe, Franklin Exploring is included. one well as the new address as

. 2 1 )mer S. Harris, Durham Jr

Page and Ours.64

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Your Family—Best Dressed Fa Near East, Winnifred M. CanLess, Iris Parker on COMPANY TOWNSEND 58 EDWARD S. Mother's American FavorExotic Dishes from the Native Building Russ

ites, Winnifred C. Jardine....60 San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

oetry SADLERLosANDAngelesSANGSTON17, CaliforniaASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave.

Special Judge.Esther Freshman 24 New York 17, N. Y.

DAVIS & SONS St. Winter's Hive, Margery S. The 30 N. LaSalle Frontispiece, Winter Silence, EuIllinois Chicago, 38 Stewart 13 gene Daniels

Song from a Corner, Elaine V.

Poetry Page 14 Emans - 57 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

for formers li

Tractor WITH FAMOUS EAGLE HITCH Take one easy step to low platform... settle in low

"Bodyguard"seat with torsional rubber springs...

enjoy handy oneminute hookup sitting down. This

new lowcost, 2-plow, lowbuilt tractor has hightorque, heavyduty engine... shockfree steering... Constant

Hydraulic Control to raise, lower, and angle Eagle

Hitch implements such as new BreakAway PivotAction Plow and new PivotAction Disk Harrow.

Adjustable tread front and rear. Also dual front wheels.

15 /Jlore rower

MODEL "SC with NfIV Hlrv—* ilL 1 i 1 1 M

WHEELTYPE::: -:: HARROW

-::..;;:'

HINUi ttroiuol leveling <

SSMSaS

Bigger engine with higher compression boosts power, pulls three plows in most soils... yet more

efficient carburetor holds fuel consumption down in FIND OUT ABOUT THE NEW THINGS this new Case Eagle Hitch "SC"Tractor. OilForwriteillustratedin margincatalogsa nv itemsor thatfolders,interestmarkyou.hereSendor

cushioned foot clutch leaves both hands free for to J. I. Case Co., Dept. A-344. Racine, Wis.

quick steering, gear shifting and operation of Dual D NewSeat Tractor2plow Low- D DiskNew Harrow"S"WheelType for selective "SC"Tractor Control Valve Constant New Hydraulic D D with5jplowPowerCase SteeringDiesel "DC"Big 3-plow D imor pulltype action of rearmounted front and plements. Constant Power TakeOff keeps PTO Name.

machines running at proper speed. Any way you Post Office. at give more for look Tractors you it, these Case

RFD State a demonstrafor dealer your money. See your Case

tion on your own farm.

JANUARY 1954 These Times

(Continued from page 2) The earlier curricula in these schools include geography, natural history, physical and military training, drawing, music, elementary design, elementary science, and arithmetic. At the end of

the ten years, each student is required to pass comprehensive examinations in each of the following subjects: Russian

language and literature; algebra, geom1J!W etry, trigonometry; physics; chemistry;

modern history; history and constitution

of the USSR; his foreign language

(English, French, or German), and his native language if he is located outside of the RSFSR or White Russia (e.g.,

Uzbek, Yakut). College students in

Utah frequently complain about having to take a single comprehensive examination, after sixteen years of schooling, and in their major subject!

After two years of military training, a product of the tenyear school may enter one of the institutions of higher

sion by passing a nationwide competiMAKE GOOD FOODS education, provided he can gain admisTASTE BETTER tiveto beexamination.some 900 suchThereinstitutionswere reportedin 1952,

all administered directly by the central government. The sixteen local repubFresher! tastiestOnly theraisinsplumpest,are selectedmeatiest,for tenyearlics administerdlower schools.centrally theThissevenmay andbe

Plump and Meaty Brand. And they come to you compared with the decentralized conas fresh as the day they were packed because trol in the U.S. where there are over

they're twicesealed in Flav-O-Tite Packages! For 100,000 local districts. The 900 Soviet

"universities"and technical institutes cooking or for delicious eating out of hand, are producing some 50,000 "engineers"

Plump and Meaty Brand raisins taste better! each year from their 900,000 or so students, compared with some 15,000 engineers currently being turned out by

the figeducation. However

to except comparable Colorful Treat Dishes for you! Americanures are hardly

underline comparative values. The reEight 3I/2 in. combination Treat Dishes mainder of the Soviet advanced stuand Coasters, each a different color, dents "major"in the arts, social sciences,

education itself, public health, agriculpacked in an attractive plastic box. Exture, and life sciences. Fees are recellent for gifts. A $1.50 value. Yours quired in these institutions; however,

for 75c and a Plump and Meaty box selected veterans and "Heroes of Soviet Labor"socalled, together with what we top or the red star from a Plump and would call "A"students, are exempted.

Meaty bag. Write direct to Vagim It has been reported that nearly 80

percent of all students in Soviet higher

Packing Co. Get your set of coloreducation receive "scholarships"or, are

ful Coasters or Treat Dishes paid for attending. This may be comtoday. Offer limited. pared with a typical state university in

the USA where rarely more than 5 percent will enjoy even tuition scholarships, the 95 percent being able to pay or "work their way"in this marvelLook for ous land of freedom and opportunity.

Plump and Meaty Thus we now come to face one of the

Brand fine fruits first generations of literate "Russians"in history. Their education is stateat your grocer's.

designed and controlled to inculcate obedience and devotion to the Soviet 1953 Union, its leaders, their designs and this basic discipline and VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO. CALIFORNIA purposes. With

(Concluded on page 38).

Are you protected against Doctor and Hospital Bills... as completely and at such low cost as the

5 million people now under the WHITE CROSS PLAN?

Individuals And Families Are Eligible—Compare This Plan With Any Other In Existence

. for in different sickness cost, accident Although or low is fine the getting ends along family day... making every happensThis WHITE A

family each with beginning member, represents CROSS good PLAN cash sickness suddenly, future. for an unexpected the Then planning meet,

the benefits third doctor treatment where and service. good wonbills. No pile hospital took that doctor of Savings a and brings accident or

it is office his der at you, the your fastestgrowing home, health is in to forced family weeks. are out wiped build The to up years protection hospital. in plan existence. treats—or it will before quite can take they time some heavily them so borrow

start saving for the future again.

the to you. this let tragedy happen Under CROSS, Don't WHITE LIFE INSURANCE LEG $680 CRUSHEDGETS against protect plan, family whole can your lowcost youfamous for Pays natural or accidental death; I I "Little realize did bills out took for pennies day! just hospital when a few a and doctor available in Life, Ordinary Endowprotection Hospital your Expense ment and Juvenile policies.... little that a over just a month

to sickness accident or ferent each... later I in accident be would an OPERATIONS different family.And, ofyour member leg right between crushed was My in 2 person every one famremember, Under WHITE YOU MAY CHOOSE to two mine ANY Your company ilies will this year. hospital care need you thePLAN, CROSS total paid of $680.00 a on mecars. to $5.00 $250.00 get can DOCTOR OR HOSPITAL /i claim."datemy. for for operations

'Under the WHITE CROSS PLAN, of. your. each member Zulick, St. Peter Clair, Pa. X-RAYS, DRUGS, are not you limited to a few doctors differ-..for family. each

hospitals. or accredited Any physiaccident. sickness or ent CARDIOGRAMS cian treat may you and; you use may also get can You hospital, large any small. or /x//3P"THE OF OPERAFEMALE FEW A for cashJUST many ) \%0** exhospital other VXLtfk PAYMENT WHICH FOR TIONS DISORDERS for which penses 'fl

not might covered. expect to you be IS PROVIDED CROSS WHITE get paid can specified You amounts is protection wide to Operations into for RED operating Cutting TAPE charges, anesroom NO varied. Under thetics, X-rays, dressings. drugs, dislocareduce abdomen

is andthe to paid Money are hosfor even given your You allowance an hip, of tions brain of Abscess sixWHITE after months, PLAN, CROSS electrodardigrams for examiheart pital, doctor, your or you hospitalization, get shoulder, for cash knee, can you of nations. Amputation

direct. as you visits or surgery, doctor feto due etc. finger, jaw, legs, or arms

disorders as male such hysterectomy, OUTPATIENT BENEFITS of Removal fingers don't to genitourinary You ailments or join have tumors, a the Under PLAN, or hip CROSS WHITE shoulder Appendix hernia, etc. abdominal group. to you be a patient have bed DON'T or diseased Brain tumor or stay to overnight receive hospitof portion bone alization benefits. removal Breast full No get prorating—you LIVE MONEY TO into Cutting ON chest of or if of removal benefit amount even CHILDREN'S AILMENTS laid you're Mastoid can't when and up work or cyst tumor covered by Workmen's the Under PLAN, Tonsil, WHITE CROSS removal the Under removal Kidney Compensation CROSS WHITE or other inPLAN, is it easy to include in children the removal Adenoid get can to you $300.00 a up month family's original is plan. of cost stone The surance. Removal

in while hospital the operations Sinus little. and to very up from or tumor a $200.00 while month you're at Hernia don't to You have a be bedwell. getting kidney cases In home of disHemorrhoids patient to collect hospital illness abled extended or serious inProstate AMBULANCE, operations Eye this jury, often spells money benefits. the of Removal Fractures difference a between solvent BLOOD family

or tube ovary in family deep a debt. and Bladder Gall TRANSFUSIONS

Goitre operations Spine operations the WHITE

Tumors Circumcision a PLAN, UnderCROSS RECEIVES $259.00 FOR PROTECTS is specified allowed for amount Varicose Veins Uterus of Removal

benefits, maternity iron ambulance, HOSPITAL EXPENSES YOUR...and removal more Lung WHOLE many... transfusions, lung, blood oxygen

allowance a cash even up to $25.00 FAMILY FOR A "Iappreciationwant to forexpressthe claimmy deepestof $259 other for hospital necessary "any HOSPITAL bills ROOM hospital for rewhich has been expense."FEW PENNIES

If I find could ceived. only to words MEALS & receive others the help wondersame A DAY

: t for $1,500.00 to offered up benefits dV ful through your the Under CROSS WHITE x PLAN DOCTORVISITS I hospitalization that received. have or sickness each v lowcost can protect—the plan—you heartfelt ordithanks for to for go you My—even family against whole accident your doctor A service."this wonderful nary sickness bills for hospital a and few penyou PLAN, the CROSS Under WHITE for nies That's day. a Seaton, Sadie B. (Mrs.) get can up for You 100 per to day $15 get from can $4 justeveryone—the

all. children Goodlettsville, and for difTenn. eachto $150.00 for each meals for room, days

YOU CAN GET ALL OR ANY PART OF THE PLAN. THERE HAS NEVER THE WHITE CROSS PLAN, Dept. IA-1 1

LIFE BANKERS CO. CASUALTY &

at Kenneth Avenue BEEN ANY GENERAL RATE INCREASE ON PEOPLE IN THIS PLAN. c/oLawrence

Illinois Chicago 30,

facts the about Send me the lowcostFREEWHITE

CROSS PLAN—includingindividuals and families.all cashThisbenefitsdoes andnot MAIL COUPON for FREE ratesobligate in any way. for me

r> r> Name. (PLEASE PRINT) INFORMATION j>

30 Address or County...State...Zone City.... Copyright,CasualtyBankersCo. Lifa & BANKERS LIFE & CASUALTY CO.":

JANUARY 1954 The Temple Cornerstone

at Los Angeles

As thethe LoscopperAngelesbox wasTemplesealed,wasand putthe incornerstoneplace, oneof couldn't help but wonder what events would intervene, and how much time would come and go until the miscellaneous contents of that box would be seen again by men. The list included these items of interest:

Books: Bible, missionary edition; Triple Combination

the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and

Pearl of Great Price; Gospel Ideals by President David O.

Top. President David O. McKay presiding at the ceremonies. McKay, one set Century of Mormon Activities in CaliPresident Clark is on the right. fornia by Leo J. Muir; one book ofHymns, Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; Recreational Songs, published by the Mutual Improvement Associations; The

Children Sing, Primary and Junior Sunday School song book; Directory, Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

1953; Annual General Conference Report, April 1953;

pamphlet, "Church Welfare Plan,"by Albert E. Bowen,

1946..

Magazines: The Improvement Era, April 1936 and April

1953 (Temple editions); and December 1953; The Instructor, Relief Society Magazine, The Children's Friend,

December 1953.

Newspapers: Deseret NewsSalt Lake Telegram, December 5, 1953; Deseret News Church Section, September 26,

1921; Salt Lake Tribune, December 10, 1953; and one copy

each of Los Angeles Times, Examiner, HeraldExpress,

Daily News, and Daily Mirror; and California Intermountain News, Santa Monica Outlook, and Westward Independent.

Photographs: General Authorities; Dwight D. Eisenhower, President of the United States; Los Angeles city and

county officials; stake presidents in the Southern California

region; construction of Temple; Temple workmen.

Miscellaneous: Photostatic copy of the first issue of

Deseret News, 1850; coins in various denominations; copy

of construction plans; and statement of Temple contributions to date.

The cornerstone for the eleventh and largest temple

Center: President Stephen L Richards watches as Thomas B. Childs to be built by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

masonry contractor, directs the placing of the cornerstone. Bottom: Part Saints was laid in Los Angeles on Friday, December 11,

of the approximately ten thousand persons who witnessed the corner1953, with most of the General Authorities of the Church stone ceremonies.

in attendance and with President David O. McKay

presiding.

Some ten thousand members and interested friends who gathered on the temple lot are said to have constituted the largest number of Latterday Saints ever to come together in California on one occasion.

Those who came, including distinguished guests and public officials, heard something of the history and distinctive purposes of temples in the comments of

President McKay and remarks and beautiful prayer of

President Richards and in the brief and impressive address by President Clark. They heard also the 200voice Mormon choir of Southern California directed by

H. Frederick Davis impressively sing Mormon hymns

and other songs, and they heard President William

Noble Waite of South Los Angeles Stake pledge the completion of the large fund to be raised in that temple area. (Continued on page 50)

IlMllllil i i w It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

How to pour molasses out of a cup

The first woman who greased the cup before measurOur sugar bowl marked "Cash for Suggestions"ing molasses deserves a small but appropriate medal has been hit for over $4,600,000 by employees in past for ingenuity. Likewise, the first man who thought to years. Last year, over 27,000 suggestions were actape an emergency key under his car hood. Or whocepted and rewarded. This has been going on since

ever first sprinkled salt on an icy sidewalk. Or whoway back in 1922.

ever first had the happy thought to warm a knife

As we write this, an order clerk in our Schenectady before cutting fruitcake.

plant has just won himself a tidy $4,800. His bright

In case you think all pesky problems center around idea was a better way to use copper in motors and the home, try soldering the connections on a radio. generators. By the way, we asked him how he

Or suppose you try assembling the bits and pieces of planned to use the money. A new well on the family

an automatic toaster. farm would be first, he said. The old well ran dry.

If you did it for a living, you'd be on the lookout You get something extra out of this, too. You want

for better ways'of working. That's for sure. In our products that give a pedigreed performance, do more,

family, a General Electric man or woman who finds behave better. Thousands of thoughtful people backan easier way to work a tool, to tighten a belt, or stage add their bit to our production efficiency. And

pack a parcel may win the price of a new hat, or a only an efficient company can hope to deliver somesuit, or maybe even win the price of a new car. thing extra in the package.

t/oa cwty&ulf VMtfc co?mence vfo—

GENERAL ELECTRIC

JANUARY 1954 FINEST The Church moves On GYMNASIUM To Day Chronology Of Church Events EQUIPMENT A Day

The First Presidency announced the

October 1953 appointment of Elder Samuel A. Hend-

i o Dallas Stake organized from porricks as president of the West Central * 9 tions of the TexasLouisiana MisStates Mission, succeeding President sion with Ervin W. Atkerson sustained Sylvester Broadbent. President Hendas president and Elders Wendell Reeder ricks, who serves as president of the

and Ernest D. Wright as his counselors. Malad (Idaho) Stake, once filled a misNew wards with their bishops are: sion in the Northwestern States. He

Dallas Ward, Bishop Carl Richards; Ft. has been a member of the Malad Stake

Worth Ward, Bishop Frank G. Hart; high council, and a member of the

Kelsey Ward, Bishop Emmons C. stake presidency. Since 1950 he has

Bryant; Longview Ward, Bishop Wilserved as vicechairman of the Northliam B. Posey; Shreveport (Louisiern Utah Church welfare region. AcYou too can have ana) Ward, Bishop Frank H. Turner; companying him to the mission field

wife, Mrs. Marteal will Wight be his Bishop and Ray D. Curtis. Waco Ward, basketball backstops Swingup their son, Jr. Samuel, Hendricks, and are: presidents basketball backstops with their Branches Stationary

Wayne rolling (folding) gymCleburne Branch, President William R. According to an authoritative study

seating Whitehouse; Enoch Branch, President by Raymond Walters, president of the

tailored to fit your needs. Walter L. Bailey; Grand Prairie Branch, University of Cincinnati, Brigham

is in installations schools 50 and Over new enrolmentwise, University, Young Green; President G. Gilmer Angus year. L.D.S. during the past Churches

or university largest churchrelated the call or or information catalog For complete D. Fowler; President Gerald Branch,

... write States. in college the United The surPresident Alexander Hooks Branch, J.

figures, 1952 enrolment October used President Edvey Ireland; Branch, Kilgore Qo. $. SwdofL It 6198. J. was enrolment when BYU S. Pittsburg Russell, Branch, Jr.; ward OFFICE EQUIPMENT SCHOOL AND

St. University, Louis followed by was Salt Lake City South 3rd 65 West K. City President Chester Queen Wade; 220425 Phone FordUniversity 5727; Marquette 5912; Dolfus D. President Branch, Brown;

Sherman Branch, President John M. ham University, 5658; University of

Mannewitz; Wichita Falls Branch, Detroit, 5248; University of Notre Dame,

President Marvin D. McDaniel. The 5102. Enrolment figures at BYU in

Dallas Stake has a membership of apOctober 1953 are placed at 6605. FINEST MOVIES proximately four thousand. It was orFor Ward entertainments, classganized under the direction of Elders

ivork, firesides, or home use. Mark E. Petersen and Delbert L. November 1953

the of Twelve. the Council of Stapley... Featuring

of the organization With the PRODUCTIONS ON SEAGULL Salmon -J-*- theElderCouncilAlma ofSonne,the Twelve,Assistantdisto "Religious subject Dividends"cussed the THE BOOK OF MORMON Riverhas 211andsuchDallasunitsstakes,now thefunctioning.Church

series in "Faith Action"radio on the Land""The of Broadcasting the National Company.

to the recrea- "Oliver damaged winds O High Q Cowdery—WitnessChoice for the transcribed program Music was "of the Nibley hall Ward, Book of Mormon"tion The "

of Southern Choir the by Mormon

Stake. (Utah) and Hyrum California.

FOREST LAWN'S Elder Stirling W. Sill of the general

"The Living Book Pictures"O C President Stephen L Richards of board of the Deseret Sunday School "y the First Presidency dedicated the Union began a series of radio addresses

NEW TITLES chapel of the Hooper First Ward, Lake on the Church program on KSL.

26 films in B. and W. or Color from the New View (Utah) Stake.

Testament—13 titles in B. and W. or Color

from the Old Testament moderately priced for fl Three new members of the genclassroom use. 3-| The First Presidency announced "eral board of the Deseret Sunday

*- of Elder LeGrand the appointment Elders announced: School Union were FILMS ENTERTAINMENT NEW

of the as president F. Smith Isaksen, H. Parry, and Alva TexasHenry 10 ex- F. Productions in Technicolor, Disney Walt

Dear To cellent Cartoons; "So My

others Heart,"—Louisiana Mission, succeeding PresiWayne Roskelley. feature, fulllength beautiful and

Columbia and Allied Artists. dent Benjamin F. Bowring. President

For dates, costs and details of other Smith, currently serving as first coun- O President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

pictures available, call or write... selor in the Palmyra (Utah) Stake 9 of the First Presidency dedicated

presidency, is a former member of the the chapel of the Bountiful Fifth Ward, high council of that stake, and before Bountiful (Utah) Stake. The building

that served for thirteen years as bishop also serves as a stake recreation center.

of the Spanish Fork Third Ward. As Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to

in the Council of the Twelve, dedicated HILLAM'S16mm Pictures Incorporated a young man he filled a mission 54 Post Office Place Salt Lake City, Utah Texas. Accompanying him to this field the chapel of the Covena Ward, PasaPhone 3-5417 of labor will be his wife, Mrs. Phyllis dena (California) Stake.

Day Smith. {Continued on page 41)

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Matthew Meyiw-iws

|ITH PROFOUND SORROW as a member of the Council of the Angeles a few days before returning the membership of the Twelve. He was a convincing speaker home. In fact they had visited with

Church learned of the and his appeal to youth was strong beJoseph F. Cowley in his Los Angeles

passing of Elder Matcause of his love and understanding home Saturday evening. His brother

thew Cowley, member of of them. It was while he was adsaid to him as Matthew was leaving,

the Council of the Twelve Apostles, dressing a group of students at Brig- "Now, Matt, take care of yourself.

Sunday morning, December 13, 1953. ham Young University in Provo, We want you with us a long, long

He and his wife, Elva Taylor Cowley, Utah, that he suffered a heart attack time."

had gone to attend the cornerstone in 1946. Brother Cowley said, "Joe, life is

laying ceremonies for the Los Angeles President McKay had seen Elder eternal."It proved to be his last

Temple. Elder Cowley, fiftysix years Cowley on Saturday morning, the day testimony. Brother Cowley apparentold at the time of his sudden following the ceremonies, and said ly did not suffer but died in his

death, had earned a respected name at that time that Elder Cowley was sleep.

for himself through his missionary not feeling well. Elder and Sister

work as well as through his activity Cowley had planned to visit in Los "N/Tatthew Cowley was born August 2, 1897 in Preston, Idaho, the son of Matthias F. (formerly a member of the Council of the Twelve) and

Abbie Hyde Cowley. He was baptized by his father in Cardston, Alberta, Canada, on August 2, 1905.

October 21, 1914, he was set apart as a missionary to New Zealand and departed the following day for a mission that lasted for nearly five years.

He returned July 3, 1919 and three years later (July 13, 1922) married

Elva Taylor in the Salt Lake Temple.

His schooling prepared him for the law, having been graduated from

LDSU, attending the University of

Utah, and completing his training at

George Washington University, at which time he worked for the late

Senator Reed Smoot as special assistant to the Senate Finance committee. Earlier he had been a clerk in

the Federal Reserve Bank of Salt Lake

City, Utah.

When he returned to Utah, he opened his law office. It was while

he was a member of the firm of Cowley and Thomas that he was elected

Salt Lake County attorney on the

Republican ticket in 1930, a position he held for two years, following his service as assistant county attorney.

He also was president of the Young

Men's Republican Club for one year.

In addition to his service as an

Apostle and a missionary, his activity in the Church included membership on the Wells Stake Sunday School board, ward Sunday School and Mutual Improvement Association

Elder Matthew Cowley with his daughter Jewell Sheffield, Sister Elva Cowley and teacher.

their adopted son Duncan Meha. (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1954 11:M&

Matthias F. Cowley, father Abbie Hyde Cowley, mother

Matthew at the age of four.

that brought him their full respect, influence for good may radiate in

Elder Matthew Cowley confidence, and love in return. He everwidening circles.

(Continued from preceding page) had a great and simple faith that car- "To his bereaved wife and children,

Following Brother Cowley's death, ried solace to the sick and the healing to his kinsfolk everywhere, we exPresident McKay said of him: "He influence of the Spirit of the Lord to tend our sincere sympathy and our

had a combination of rare gifts, a the afflicted; a forthrightness that enprayers that the Lord will bestow

keen sense of humor, a rare and stirgendered respect even in those whom upon them his peace and consolaring eloquence; he was a great he had to correct for wrongdoing. He tion. May their minds be filled with

preacher of the truth. A love for his had a great measure of kindliness, the joyous memories of past associafellow man moved him to deeds of patience, forbearance, tolerance, and tions that will crowd out the sense

kindness and mercy on all occasions. charity he bestowed upon all. of present loss. May they, day by

"Elder Cowley had a trust in way- "He had a great soul and was one day, come to a fuller knowledge that ward humanity that begot in them an of the chosen instruments of the Lord shortly they will be with him in an implicit trust in him; a devotion to to carry on the vital work of this association of joy and bliss that will

his people and their interests that Dispensation of the Fulness of Times. last throughout eternity."

inspired confidence; a love for the "We, the Saints, the world round, During the time of Elder Cowley's

dwellers of the Islands of the Sea shall miss him. We pray that his (Continued on page 49)

Speaking to King Koraki, Princess Te Puea, and their people, at Ngaruawahia, New Zealand, April 1939.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Don Knight

ML/ hen silver frosted trees bend earthward

And cold, pushing winds Deepwhite the once green meadows,

I wait spring's morning suntide,

In weighted silence of long months

And shadows swept by wings Until the north takes back

Its scattered birds.

by Eugenie Daniels

JANUARY 1954 13 THE CYCLE

By Verdie McMillen

"Condly I held her warm, pink hand *- Until her baby voice gave its command, "Let go!"I knew it must be so.

I sewed fine seams on turquoise voile,

THIS NEW YEAR A PRAYER FOR THE NEW YEAR Till confident she asked me not to toil:

"Teach me!"

By Elaine V. Emans By Joseph Baldwin Haston Again my hands were free.

*-'again tiptoe before stand at her sweetheart's touch She trembled upon ThanMy heart can scarce do otherwise rEAR Lord of space and time, we pause The lamps burned bright for her to dance;

this the threshold of another year lies At year, whereon radiantThis new his glance

No scar nor any blemish nor To thank thee for thy goodness heretofore Intent,

Defeat nor wrong—and wherein must And claim the constant bounty of thy love Her face was eloquent.

Be valiancy it has not known, Along the unknown path that lies ahead:

ours, are trust, that for right, loveliness, merits hope, as and a and NotAnd of fireside, She dreamed and home its dear Son, of thy in to call the own, peace name ButBirdsong, humbly and life baby's hand, a tiny to guide.

give did wouldst said we A thou to that none, in constancy nextAnd, Who I knew ask. but for its companion! dearLove Life's pattern true. run would

So now we ask for guidance for our feet, for our bodies our minds, and manna LOOK YOU TO THE MOUNTAINS For that true For alone canst MOUNTAIN SONG bread that thou

By Wendell B. Hammond give By Margery S. Stewart

To keep us strong of heart and staunch of soul the to mountains; youLook were "Rountains playgrounds; my serve love fellow our and That we majesty, their quiet may Observe *** is is there difference That a why

it is declared; fastness, profoundTheir how man In thoughts yours. Plainbred, and my is speech. silent their help thou dost love giving As and him,Awesome

ridging You of rock had fence no stars; to the they night climbEach hope,

in. shut To you to need break air. No serenest heaven's in findsDaylight them aid, to In Jesus'our needs name, him who

fingers Your to the shale on gain realm; is their undisputed Vast creed. class, or nation, be his Whatever extra fierce fire. sun's of the An moment powers; restrained their Immense,

I But sky, leaned have breathed pain, on benevolence. their unrevealed Constant, other to us day each help by day Help Spat to the floor, on the wind valley mock hand; sympathizing kindly heart and With Felt myself giantess a see to to mountains; the you nowCome all those us Forgive, pray, do who we houses ill; The shrunk to playthings the and cloud rock of and heights their fromGaze shall of the night the shadows when And men, below. world of the immensity theUpon come Small, foolish ants, their begin industry. silent their seek If you brave, then may

I loving presence that thy Grant we may nests the of creeks. know

places; I feel, I are. caves sat where know within have you know scornful, then If are may you

pines, toppling watched And has wind the walked through day As One who reverence;

lightning thrust fingers in wild And us. with be shall you then If proud, are you

I Seeking of me. earth that breeds am humbled;

lilies, sage, Sego paintbrush, columbine. be shall you then If humble, are you

I have rocks, ground great been by TIME exalted.

creeks, Smoothed by the broken shine by deer's eyes come at dusk. on suddenly By Bernice Burton Holmes Of

But if never you did stand in deep and I cannot myself to east conform make silent awe, or or south cultures. north Or other are only gnawing know we should, ever, ever you deemedNor bread the priest was ancient Nephi and My We little of pieces the today. At silent woods humility's in paths theNor... Benjamin. drink, slain the Prophet My little is into pieces cut Forever up walk, did * I still all Of turn, thirsty, Nauvoo. from "today,""tomorrow,"Called and "yesterthere, to enter tried or sought neverAnd springs. Other these canyons and I am day"; heights, mountain the not seek youThen I bitter tall history. This am all ball roll big into they one But lower the in ever and stay you But now I soil. fire accept As forging The my "last call year"We reaches I high. Leaps shall shrink, not ago."Or "long night miasmal rise the fitfully Where aside, tire, turn Nor nor

mists, may slowly where they And lull you ButOne burnwith inall itelementsand be that foster me.

repose. fretful Into and disturbed

Aye, ever—or until you hear the mounwhisper tains

their heights may now be climbed by WEAPONS That you. By Catherine E. Berry

AUCTION *[ haveFor noanysafetomorrow,assurance

By Thelma Ireland Only faith to give me strength to face each sorrow.

dewpearled day, and one Sale; newFor I have no safe assurance negligee, sunrise in a Dressed

Untarnished, washed by early rain, 'For any coming year,

A bargain you'll not get again. *w. #* Only love to hold my hand

A bargain, going for a song, And banish any fear.

A day but brief with memory long, So treat with honor and with care, This I know—the sun will shine

false, judgment with not Waste unfair.—Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts And Afterfaith everyand lovestorm,are weapons as dawn. as fresh day a For Sale:

What offer? going, going, gone! Against all harm.

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J0&

Some Thoughts on Personal Peace

by President David O. McKay

There is an old, old story told of a man from there rememberest that thy brother hath ought another planet who was permitted to visit the against thee;

earth. From an eminence he looked down "Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go

upon the bustling cities of the world. Millions thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and

of men, like ants, were busy building palaces then come and offer thy gift."(Matt. 5:2324.)

of pleasure, and other things that would not last; Note the Savior did not say if you have ought

chasing will-o'-thewisps; and seeking financial against him, but if you find that another has

bubbles that burst before their eyes. As he left aught against you. How many of us are ready

to go back, he said: "All these people are spendto come up to that standard? If we are, we shall

ing their time in building just bird's nests; no find peace. Many of us, however, instead of folwonder they fail and are ashamed."lowing this admonition, nurse our ill will until

The peace of Christ does not come by seeking it grows to hatred; then this hatred expresses

the superficial things of life. Since time began, itself in faultfinding and even slander, "whose

men have kept the world in turmoil with their whisper over the world's diameter as level as a useless strivings, their bickerings, and their concannon to its mouth, transports* its poison shot."

tentions. Jesus said to his disciples: "Peace I Backbiting, faultfinding are weeds of discord and

leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not thrive best in superficial minds, as fungi grows

as the world giveth, give I unto you."(John best on weakened plants.

14:27.) Thus the Son of man gave to his disciples "Bear ye one another's burdens,"but do not

and to mankind the "first of all human blessings."add to those burdens by gossiping about your

But it was a bequest conditioned upon obedience neighbors or by spreading slander.

to the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ. If the world would be at peace, it must supNo man is at peace with himself or his God plant the rule of force by the rule of love. The

who is untrue to his better self, who transgresses scriptures tell us that in the beginning Satan profthe law of right either in dealing with himself fered to force all men into subjection. By comby indulging in passion, in appetite, yielding to pulsion he would save every person, and for

temptations against his accusing conscience, or so doing he asked that the honor and the glory in dealing with his fellow men, being untrue to that are the Lord's should be his.

their trust. Peace does not come to the transThere is an example of dictatorship supreme!

gressor of law; peace comes by obedience to law, In contrast to this, Christ's plan was to give men

and it is that message which Jesus would have us their free agency.

proclaim among men. "To every man,"says Joseph Smith, "is given

If we would have peace as individuals, we an inherent power to do right or to do wrong.

must supplant enmity with forbearance, which In this he has his free agency. He may choose

means to refrain from the hasty condemnathe right and obtain salvation, or he may choose tion of others. We shall have power to do this evil and merit abomination."

if we really cherish in our hearts the ideals of A man may act as his conscience dictates so

Christ, who said: long as he does not infringe upon the rights of

"... if thou bring thy gift to the. altar, and (Concluded on following page)

1&&&&S&&&9&&&& fPiPiPiPiPifil. Page 2Editor'sJANUARY 1954 15

.

THE EDITORS PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) Father which is in heaven shall know of the others. That is the spirit of true democracy, doctrine whether it is of God, or whether I speak

and all government by the priesthood should be of myself."(See John 7:17.) The perfect peace

actuated by that same high motive. We are told, comes to the individual who has a testimony of

... the rights of the priesthood are inthe truth of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

separably connected with the powers of heaven... "How different the peace of God from that of "No power or influence can or ought to be the world! It calms the passions, preserves the

maintained by virtue of the priesthood, only by purity of conscience, is inseparable from righteouspersuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleness and ness, unites us to God, and strengthens us against meekness, and by love unfeigned; temptation. The peace of the soul consists in an

"Reproving betimes with sharpness, when absolute resignation to the will of God."

moved upon by the Holy Ghost; and then showing

forth afterwards an increase of love toward him The way to peace for individuals and nations is... within you."whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to to have "... the kingdom of God

be his enemy."(D. & C. 121:36, 41, 43.) (Luke 17:21.)

If you would have peace, then follow the words May peace come to each of us, and to the of the Savior: "He that will do the will of my whole world.

The Resurrection

by Joseph Fielding Smith UNIVERSAL

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

all the dead awake, for their graves shall be even all."opened, and they shall come forth—yea,

(D. &C. 29:26.)

Will you be so kind as to give me some help Our Redeemer came into the world to obtain on the following question: the mastery over death. If one soul born into

be, he matter this world, may no how wicked to sons are members become If of perdition Christ resurrection, Jesus then the denied were devil's will they permitted the be kingdom, of

It is imperative, the victory. not have would

to will or bodies, they tangible be like have therefore, that all must receive the resurrection,

Satan, denied the right to bodies? In other

the to this emphatically declared and Amulek resurrected will sons words, be of perdition as did (see 11:4045), people Alma of Amonihah

will their bodies, or receive immortal and

Alma to his son Corianton. (See Ibid., 40:2226.) bodies be destroyed?

The second part of the question is, will they receive their bodies in the resurrection and then afterwards have them destroyed? Alma has antmS-mSSils swered this in his discourse at Amonihah:

ill! "And now behold, I say unto you then cometh

a death, even a second death, which is a spiritual

ThePaul,scripturesfor instance,are wrotevery clearto theonmembersthis question.of the death;sins, asthento isa atemporaltime thatdeath,whosoevershall diethalso indiehisa

Church at Corinth, "For as in Adam all die, spiritual death; yea, he shall die as to things pereven so in Christ shall all be made alive."(1 Cor. taining unto righteousness.

15:22.) The Savior told the Jews that the hour "Then is the time when their torments shall be

would come when he would visit the dead and as a lake of fire and brimstone, whose flame they should hear his voice, "And shall come ascendeth up forever and ever; and then is the

forth; they that have done good, unto the resurtime that they shall be chained down to an everrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto lasting destruction, according to the power and

the resurrection of damnation."(John 5:29.) captivity of Satan, he having subjected them acIn a revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith the cording to his will.

Lord said: "But, behold, verily I say unto you, "Then, I say unto you, they shall be as though

before the earth shall pass away, Michael, mine there had been no redemption made; for they

archangel, shall sound his trump, and then shall cannot be redeemed according to God's justice;

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and they cannot die, seeing there is no more corhe possesses his resurrected body. Every creature

ruption. (Ibid., 12:1618.) that is born in the image of God will be resurPresident John Taylor in a discourse Decemrected from the dead, just as sure as he dies,

ber 31, 1876, said: you can write that down if you please, and never

"What, will every body be resurrected? Yes, forget it, never allow yourself to have any unevery living being; 'but every man in his order, belief on that account: 'As in Adam all die, even

Christ the first fruits; afterwards they that are so in Christ shall all be made alive.'

Christ's at his coming. Then cometh the end.'"It matter not whether we have done well or

That is, the Saints shall live and reign with Christ ill, whether we have been intelligent or ignorant, a thousand years. One of the apostles says, But or whether we have been bondsmen or slaves or

the rest of the dead live not again until the thoufreemen, all men will be raised from the dead;

sand years are expired. Now all must come and, as I understand it, when they are raised from

forth from the grave, some time or other, in the the dead they become immortal beings, and they selfsame tabernacles that they possessed while will no more suffer the dissolution of the spirit living on the earth. It will be just as Ezekiel has and the body."(The Improvement Era, 19:386.)

April 7, held at the conference discourse In a described flesh to its bone, and will come it—bone

followthe the Prophet Smith made Joseph will cover at the skeleton, and sinew the 1844, and

Lord's bidding breath will enter the body, and ing remarks on the resurrection:

we shall appear, many of us, a marvel to our- "There have been remarks made concerning all selves."(The Deseret News, December 31, 1876.) men being redeemed from hell; but I say that

President Joseph F. Smith in a discourse dethose who sin against the Holy Ghost cannot

livered January 20, 1895, said this: be forgiven in this world or in the world to come:

they shall die the second death. Those who com-

"Then all of the bodies that lie in the grave mit the unpardonable sin are doomed to Gnolom, are called forth; not all at the first resurrection, to dwell in hell, worlds without end. As they

nor in the morning of the first resurrection, but concoct scenes of bloodshed in this world, so they some perhaps in the last resurrection; and every shall rise to the resurrection which is as the

soul will be required to go before the bar of God lake of fire and brimstone. Some shall rise to the

and be judged according to the deeds done in the everlasting burning of God; for God dwells in

body. If his works have been good, then he everlasting burnings; and some shall rise to the

receives the reward of well doing. If evil, then damnation of their own filthiness, which is as

he will be banished from the presence of the Lord. exquisite a torment as the lake of fire and brimNevertheless, he is an immortal being, because stone."(D.H.C. vi:317.)

Should Deacons Be Married?

no requirement in the Church in this dispensation that a person must be a matured man before he can take part in the ministry or hold the

According to I Timothy, Chapter 3, Verses priesthood. Nor was it the rule in very ancient

1213, it refers to deacons as husbands of times, for we learn (D. & C. 107:52), that Noah

one wife, etc. Why is the office of a deacon was only ten years of age when he was given the

in the Church today held by very young priesthood under the hands of Methuselah. John

boys? the Baptist was ordained when only eight days

old when he was ordained by an angel, "... to

overthrow the kingdom of the Jews, and to make straight the way of the Lord before the face of his people...,"(Ibid., 84:28) but John did not enter

this ministry until shortly before the coming of

Christ to be baptized and enter his ministry.

"T was the judgment of Paul that a deacon in John was a few months older than our Savior.

that day should be a married man. That does So you see there is nothing wrong, nothing out

I not apply to our day. Conditions were difof order, in what we are doing, for it is by revelaferent in the days of Paul. In that day a minister tion from the Lord.

was not considered qualified to take part in the ministry until he was thirty years of age. Under

those conditions deacons, teachers, and priests were mature men. This is not the requirement

today. There are in all kinds of churches today *S?2s-*,

ministers who are under that age, and there is

IANUARY 1954 U YOUNG MEN GOING INTO THE ARMED SERVICES

Lift Up Your Eyes, That You May See by Normand Dee Laub

up your eyes, young men, as a world where its Creator will rule might become extremely hard to bear.Lift you face the future. Look above and righteousness will reign. Live Again remember, here is one who

and beyond. Open your eyes and the kind of life that will not hinder was able to face some of the worst

see, for it will give you hope, strength, this hope from being strong. without its aid and speak comfort

and courage to face what must come. You will be faced with temptation, and courage to many.

Right now the only future you may all kinds and forms of it. Because of Stick to your standards, and you

be able to see is a stretch in the armed your particular place and position, will eventually be respected, honored, services. And what after that? Well, you will hear that greatest of all and looked up to. Study your good

who can tell? This is a day when persuaders, the voice of selfjustifica- books and remember your prayers

nobody cares to predict what two tion, shouting loudly in your ears. and you will find untold faith, couryears might bring. So you say: Many times you will be mocked, age, and consolation.

"What's the use. Let's live for what jeered, threatened, and even pleaded I'm sorry I can't promise you that

there is in it right now and forget with to lower your standards. This you will come back, for others have

the future till it comes. But in anwill come at times, and in such ways, done all of these things and have not

swer to your thoughts, will you conas to make it extremely difficult to been permitted to return.

sider the words of one who once find reason why you shouldn't. CofSo now I say to you, live the life

stood where you stand today. fee will be the main mealtime drink you know to be right, and you will

As you go into the service, there from now on. Those around will find joy untold because of it, if not

will be times of discouragement, say, "If it wasn't for this coffee, we here, then surely hereafter. You are

heartache, and disappointment. There couldn't make it."But remember, sure to have some good and some

may be times when the future is there have been many who experiunhappy experiences. You may witdark, so dark that it hardly seems enced such trials and were able to ness the darker side of life along

worth while to go on. But you will make it. The same with tobacco! with its misery and suffering, but

have become part of a great moving There are those who will say if it remember all of these things will give force, and you do go on, because wasn't for the cigaret to help steady you experience, for if met in the there isn't anything else you can do. their nerves, some tense moments {Concluded on page 48)

At times life may become merely a case of survival and existence. Then

is the time, when if you can lift up your eyes and look above and beyond the black wall of the present, you will find the vision and the courage to go on—and it can become

much easier, too.

Take with you the standard works of the Church. Study them, you

will have many opportunities to do this. Gain for yourself a knowledge

of the plan of salvation, the real purpose of man on this earth. Train

your eye and mind to see the immediate future, only as a passing scene on the background of eternity. Look

through the black clouds of the present to the sunshine beyond, with a firm faith and knowledge that somewhere it. does shine. Be lifted

up with hope, if not hope in a manmade, wartorn world, then hope in

Through the Eyes of YOUTH18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

EDITOR'S NOTEIn the Steps of Abraham

Part I What would a traveler witness if he were to attempt to follow the by Stanley Kimball same route that Abraham took on—Photos by the Author. his migration from Ur to Canaan

and Egypt? What would be left

of the world as Abraham knew it?

Would contemporary life and civilizations, living where Abraham lived, evidence any of Abraham's influence?

After finishing a mission in Czechoslovakia and Great

Britain, Elder Kimball went to Egypt and Jerusalem for study. Then, after

securing letters of recommendation in Stanley Arabic and English, Kimball he was ready to begin the undertaking. His plan was actually to travel,

as closely as possible, the route that

Abraham used nearly four thousand years ago.

|ather Abraham is revered by the three great monotheistic faiths of the world: the Jewish, the

Christian, and the Islamic. The

message of his book stuns the modern reader with the power and truth contained therein. When we read

the book of Abraham:

with the reflection that its light has burst upon the world after a silence of three or four thousand years, during which it has slumbered in the bosom of the dead, and

Our porter standing on an excavated street in Ur that Abraham may well have been sealed up in the secret archives of used. Notice how narrow the street is. (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1954 19 found fruitless. 3 (Could a fig tree

In the Steps of Abraham live for 1900 years?) Then comes lit-

(Continued from preceding page) tle Bethany, home of Lazarus,

Martha, and Mary. We are now Egypt's moldering ruins: when we see there

unfolded our eternal beings—our existence properly on the road to Jericho. I

before the world was—our high and rewondered if the Savior used this same

sponsible station in the councils of the way on his trips to Jericho.

Holy One, destiny: and our eternal when About three miles from Jerusalem

contemplate of the we there the majesty works of God as unfolded in all the is the Apostles'Fountain. This

simplicity of truth... we are lost in spring, socalled from the fifteenth

astonishment and admiration... }* century, 4 gets its name from the

assumption that since there were so

Scholars are at variance in many few sources of water between Jerudetails concerning the precise course salem and Jericho, the Apostles surely of Abraham, but on the essential must have refreshed themselves here.

points they agree. Utilizing the book It is interesting to note that authoriof Genesis, the book of Abraham, ties agree that of all the sites in the

i maps, and the opinions of great men Holy Land, those concerned with in this field, a provisional itinerary water seem to be the most authentic.

was worked out. Springs and streams are rare, natural

Abraham was born in Ur. 2 The occurrences in this part of the world,

ancient home of Abraham has been and they generally do not change brought to light through the efforts their position. It is for this reason

of Sir Leonard Woolley of the British Section of the Via Dolorosa, Street of that the Sea of Galilee, the River of

Museum, who excavated the site of toSorrow,Golgotha.the supposed route of the Savior Jordan, Pool of Siloam, Jacob's Well,

Ur in southeastern Iraq from 1922 and many other sites connected with to 1934. Any onthe-spot study of water may very well be historically

Abraham would naturally begin at six hundred miles, mostly through the and archeologically accurate. One

his birthplace—therefore, early one Syrian Desert. quickly learns, too, that many of the

morning a taxi bound for Baghdad The road to the city of "1001 other points of interest are questionpulled up in front of the American Nights"led us down and across the able, such as the Holy Sepulcher, colony where I lived in Jerusalem. valley of the Kidron, past the Garden Golgotha, Via Dolorosa, place of the

(This may impress the reader as an of Gethsemane. As we were roundLast Supper, and that others, accordexpensive manner of travel. It is ing the Mount of Olives, the walls ing to authorities, are outand-out

not; and besides, often it is the only of Jerusalem could be seen encircling fakes, for instance: the summer home

transportation there is. And you're in her outstretched arms what is of Joseph of Arimathea, the mark of

lucky to have it! The JewishArab called the "Holy City."Here are the Holy Cross where it struck a wall,

war had curtailed or stopped most bus the Wailing Wall of the Jews, the the footsteps of the Master in solid and train schedules. For $10.00, a Holy Sepulcher of the Christians, and rock, and many others.

seat in the taxi may be purchased the Mosque Al Aska of the Moslems, The Jericho Road next leads past from Jerusalem to Bagdhad.) So we built on the site of the Temple of the "Inn of the Good Samaritan."

started: eight Arabs and myself, in Solomon. The asphalt ribbon led on Tradition has designated this place to

one touring car for a journey over past the Hill of Offence, on which is a indicate where "A certain man went tree that is pointed out as the fig tree down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and * Bibliography found at end of each instalment. which Christ cursed when it was fell among thieves....

Dome of the Rock, built on the site of Solomon's Temple in Vale near Jerusalem sometimes pointed out as the site where

Jerusalem. Note scaffolding erected to repair damage incurred David composed the Twentythird Psalm.

during recent ArabJew hostilities.

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA XcS Sggggf>! (K "5gSS|||g||?? -/ | IsfanbuljKpSSgSSSSSSj;

i?1-*'---*-

tts*gMllMA$fe U.S.S.R.

iW5

TURKEY

CASPIAN SEA

> vTdessa (M

CYPRUS.

S(Jubeil}5 SYRIA MERRAMAH -ByblosT Baalbeck IRAN?J&H LEBANON / W Damascus Ifiaghda Babylc WNazarerh fctC \A leLAviv#

"PALESTINE S =Alexandna;

Ur ABRAHAM'Sof the ChaldeesiHOMELAND -n IllllllWIUb *> \iCako "fb27Beersheba"ROUTE OF ELDER

PRELIMINARY] 74 KLf IN THE STEPS OFBRAHAM"Usi CD fRAVELSl TlDRITOkf > SAUDI ARABIA mfflmutri EGYPT

50 100?SAz SCALE OF MILES

Theb es(

"But a certain Samaritan.... feet. In one hour, and in twentyone River. In the sixtysix miles of this

"... set him on his own beast, miles, the road falls 3400 feet. river's course from the Sea of Galilee

and brought him to an inn.... "5 As the car sped out onto the to the Dead Sea, it drops over 2300

The location is unimportant, but the Wilderness of Judea, we watched the feet and meanders nearly two hunhuman kindness shown by the deDead Sea. Behind it sprawled the dred miles. It was this river which

spised Samaritan in contrast with the mountains of Moab where Ruth and the children of Israel crossed into hypocritical priest and Levite makes Naomi met. This part of Palestine the Promised Land. Here people

one of the world's great stories. is desolation itself—torn, tortured, "went out to him [from] Jerusalem,

Now the several Jerichos come into and dead—except for a ribbon of and all Judea, and all the region

view. We learn that there are at green on each side of the Jordan and round about Jordan.

least three: the Canaanite city that around modern Jericho. '... and were baptized of him in

Joshua destroyed, the Jericho of "The Flying Carpet,"as I came to Jordan, confessing their sins."G Here

Herod's time, and the modern Jericho. call the taxi (certainly not because the great Exemplar came "... from

(I was to revisit Jericho several times of its smooth performance), was Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be later.) headed for its first stop in Amman, baptized of him."7 The River Jordan

The Dead Sea, the Arabs say, is capital of TransJordan. We passed did not live up to my idea of a river

dead because it gives nothing of itself camels grazing on thornbushes, about in size and beauty; it has an average

to humanity. It takes all it can and the only vegetation seen. Many of width of one hundred feet and an

jealously hoards it. Even the fresh, the eight hundred thousand Arab average depth of ten feet. Still it

pure water that the Sea of Galilee refugees made homeless by the Jewprovided the water for the Savior's graciously gives to its sister sea beish-Arab war are stationed in this baptism.

comes contaminated and dies. A dreary country. We passed their After crossing the Allenby Bridge

signpost reads "sea level,"marking a tents for some time. Later I was to we were in Trans -Jordan. There

descent of 2600 feet from Jerusalem. visit them. was little of interest before coming to

The road will descend another 800 Presently we reached the Jordan (Continued on page 34)

JANUARY 1954 21 flttlllffl

The Twelve Chosen -H. S. Siemiradzki, Artist.

Manyhavepeoplelost theirof thefaithworldin thetodaylivas Isaiahwe findprophesiedin the worldof suchtoday.disbelief, tiesThroughof the Columbiathe courtesiesradioandnetwork,faciliing God. Their trust is placed The earth also is defiled under the init is my privilege upon this Church

in many different gods, fashioned habitants thereof; because they have transof the Air to represent a people who

after the weakness and inclination of gressed the laws, changed the ordinance, today profess to worship the God of men: A god who makes might, right; broken the everlasting covenant. (Isaiah Israel and lend obedience to his eter-

a god of riches, a god of selfishness 24:5.) nal laws.

said, as the Wherefore Lord Forasmuch and greed; a god of lust; a god whom believe to Bible the the be We their people near draw with mouth, me professional serve, this businessmen and first of the read in God. word We lips with their but have and honour do me,

men who worship their profession removed their heart far from me, and chapter of Genesis, 27th verse:

or business to the exclusion of almost their fear toward me is taught by the all else in life; a god of sports; a god precept of men: So God created man in his own image,

of created the image he him; male God I will behold, Therefore, proceed to do in of industrialism as or the unionism created them. female he and this people, marvellous even a work among case in be; all preference to the may

for a the and marvellous a wonder: work of same we. bear This God whom earth, of heaven our eternal and God perish, of their shall wise and wisdom men

Father, who has instilled in the hearts the understanding of their prudent men witness to the world is the Creator of of obedient children throughout the shall be hid. (Ibid. 29:1314.) heaven and earth and of all things

ages, a love of truth and virtue! God

has said:... I will put my laws into their mind,

write hearts: in their will and them and I the Justice to Who Can Deny they shall be to a God, and them be

me a people. (Hebrews 8:10.)

Herbert has well Spencer said, of God? choice a personal is not between "The

God and something lower, but between a personal God and something by Henry D. Moyle

higher."OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that in them are, of which man is his exemplified an absolute faith in their profited in their violation, whereas crowning glory. God gave man doGod. Moses gives us the early acall who have obeyed have been

minion over all things pertaining to count of God's dealings with his chilblessed in their obedience. Disthis earth. dren here upon this earth; his perobedience thereto has brought sor-

"The glory of God is intelligence."sonality; his character; his attributes row and remorse to the human soul

(D. & C. 93:36.) Man's intelligence to inspire and direct us in our worwith the resulting loss of all promis Godgiven. Man is the offspring ship of our Creator in whose image ised blessings.

of God. The power to think and we stand. The Lord spake unto One prophet of old, Mormon by

reason emanates from this same eterMoses face to face as a man speaketh name, has said:

nal source. Dr. Francis L. Patton, unto his friend. (See Ex. 33:11.)

onetime president of Princeton UniAdam walked and talked with God. Therefore ye need not suppose that ye

right of the turn the unto hand Lord voice of from can heard was Godversity, 1888 to president The 1902, and left, the that execute judgnot he may at the heavens the baptism of Jesus Theologicalof Princeton Seminary, of fulfilling the unto the covenant ment 1902 to 1913, wrote a book entitled Christ. Peter, James, and John heard which he hath made unto the house of

Fundamental Christianity, dedicated his voice on the Mount of TransIsrael. (3 Nephi 29:9.)

to his wife on their sixtieth wedding figuration when he declared: "This

anniversary. I quote therefrom: is my beloved Son, in whom I am The wisdom of man has never prowell pleased; hear ye him. (Matt. duced a code of conduct to compare

It is true, as said, has been (by Milton, I 17:5.) Stephen saw God. with the laws of God. His laws alsothink) that find need not fault we with

insight into give the personality us an it is all sinceReason have we wherewith full he, of being But the Ghost, Holy is of the nature His better unGod.to revelation. judge a But have we stedfastly into this looked heaven, up and saw

treasure in vessels. earthen derstood. reason The Ten Commandments Human of the glory standing Jesus God, and on

works under the limitations of a finite the right hand of God. (Acts 7:55.) begin as follows:

mind and shares in the defects of a sinful

Itnature. often has taken the side wrong I the Lord thy God, which have am converted a heavenly Paul by was in to tried debate, and "the has worse make of thee brought of out the land Egypt, out in manifestation. Finally the beginbetter theappear reason."once than More the of house bondage.

leader it has the in been insurrection an this of ning dispensation, the of which before have gods Thou shalt no other against It the of government has God. of Latterday of Jesus Christ Church me. retainer,often accepted a the prepared

Saints proclaims to the is the world shalt thee unto Thou any not makepapers leading as acted the in counsel and great case of Man v. his Maker. It has Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, graven image, or any likeness of any thing

been trammelled by prejudice, blinded by in which all things heretofore given that is in heaven above, or that is in the foregone conclusions, and dominated by of God to man will be restored, we earth beneath, or that is in the water under pride. It has misread the facts, or mishave this remarkable testimony given the earth:

the reasoning based them. applied upon thyself to shalt not Thou down bow

to All this goes another show that we need for serve I the nor by two of its early founders concernthem, them: Lord thy

light than that which reason gives. It ing the Son of God, Jesus Christ our God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity

can handle categories and make syllogisms, Lord and Savior. of the fathers upon the children unto the

but it cannot make history; cannot survey third and fourth generation of them that

the whole area of being; cannot speak with And now, after the many testimonies hate me;

confidence which authoritative on themes this given is the have which been of him, of thousands unto shewing mercy And tranand it can unfold, last ofonly revelation testimony, give all, which we love keep that me, and of them my comscends its prerogative when it says that a him: That he lives! mandments. (Ex. 20:2-6.)

revelation is impossible. It is for reason For we saw him, even on the right hand

to take the more modest part of showing of God; and we heard the voice bearing

us that what we confessedly need has been record that he is the only Begotten of the The Ten Commandments constigiven us in the religion which came from Father tute a divine decree of transcendent

God. * * * we cannot flee from God's That by him, and through him, and of importance to all mankind. To a

root the got at created, Psalmist presence. were the worlds are and of him, The and believer in God, the very thought of

I "If ascend are sons begotten thereof he said: all philosophy the inhabitants when

up into heaven, thou art there: if I make and daughters unto God. (D. & C. 76:22finding fault with his holy judgments

my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. 24.) is sacrilege. We believe his judg-

"If I take the wings of the morning, and ments are binding on us here and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea; Moses'life was given to receiving now, as well as in all preceding genlead me, shall and thy hand there proclaiming of the laws "Even and God erations, and will be binding upon all (Psalms shall hold me."right handthy of as a prophet people, to his them generations. future 139:8-10.) of leader men. Many of and God

All our observations of nature God's laws, binding upon the people It was Job who proclaimed after strongly declare the existence of God. of Israel in the days of Moses, have he had lost everything but life, and

Paul, in his epistle to the Hebrews, come down to us. They bind our suffered most in body, his absolute

writes: consciences as much today, if not reliance upon, and his submission to

more, than they did that of ancient the decrees of God:

.. is builded. every by some house ago. man; Israel of years Today, thousands

all things (Hebrews that built is God.but he have no matter we may how far detaken... away;the Lordblessedgave,beandthe thenameLordof haththe3:4.)

true the knowledge and parted from Lord. 1:21.) (Job of recorded old prophets have The

of cannot God, understanding we in concerningtheir testimony God faith in endured. God's Job's of God violate the Commandments Ten

lives, their in Writ. They,Holy real. existence was actually was clear He a complacency with and God

*An address delivered over the Columbia Broadconscience. No one throughout the Job's heavenly Father, a Personality

of thecasting System, Church Air, Sunday, October history of mankind ever permanently (Concluded on page 38) Tabernacle. Salt Lake 4, 1953, from the

JANUARY 1954 23 "Fine,"Miss Morten said with a smile, "Pray with me silently—and we'll both have

faith that all will be well."

Xouisa Brandon put the nee- m die carefully in the first rec- I'd we'll able to stay or over a give to day in trie revolving hear uncle be proud Oh, what groove r\cJ once. just really concert, Tingesettled That's in Germina Lancaster go to back in ord the her and and.Zarmchair near the portable record all I'd ever ask—I'd—sky's recital."He removed his hand

player to hear the music. Her eyes "Now, no rash promises, young from her mouth. "Well, speak up,

seemed full of stars as she listened lady, be careful, be mighty careful. Louisa."

to the harp music that cut the air It seems to me that just last week I "I can't now, Uncle Marv, I can't with crystalbell sounds. She was so heard you say that all you'd ever talk. I'm so happy—I'm going to

blissfully engrossed in the music that ask was to win an award in the concry all over your new blue coat."

she did not notice her beloved Uncle test at Lancaster Hall next month? She buried her face on his shoulder.

Marvin who had come to stand in Right? Just one tiny award for your Then with a start she raised questhe doorway, watching her with a harp solo was all you asked."He tioning, tearfilled eyes to his. "But

pleased and admiring expression on bent and kissed the serious face. who'll decide if I play a successful

his face. As the rich, full chords "No, not a word, I have something concert, Uncle Marv?"

finally diminished on the air, he to say this time,"he continued, "and "I shall be a oneman committee clapped his hands and shouted: before you commit yourself further, of judges, my dear. I shall have the

"Bravo, bravo, Louisa Brandon too. Germina Tingesky is going to entire say."

never have I heard your harp sound give a harp recital at the same Lan- "You darling! Oh, I love you and

better. This concert shall, indeed, caster Hall where, by that time, you love you and love you!"

be your making!"will have achieved your fame. She All through January the Field

"Uncle Marv,"Louisa turned off will perform the very night after Acres High School musicians had the machine and threw herself into your awardwinning concert. Now, practised diligently, each young artisthis arms, "I didn't know you were wait—secretly hoping for one of the three

listening! I wish that were my recHe playfully put his hand over her awards that were to be given to the

ord,"her voice was wistful with mouth and continued, his free arm three best high school musicians in admiration and hope, "but Germina affectionately about her shoulder: "If the district of Lancaster. Louisa was

Tingesky had already achieved worldyou play a successful concert—now Field Acres High School's only harpwide recognition with her harp bemind you, I didn't say one word about ist; there was one unusually fine

fore she ever made that recording. an award—but if you give a successviolinist; and five outstanding pianists;

Isn't she magnificent, Uncle Marv? ful performance and make your old while Sarah Martin was a favorite

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA At three o'clock the bus arrived. Louisa moaned audibly, and the

The bus driver stood outside, stampother students looked white and ing his feet and beating his arms anxious.

back and forth to keep them warm Although the boys climbed out to while he waited for the students to help the driver shovel the snow away by Esther Freshman get in. "It's plenty warm inside,"he from the wheels and to put on chains,

told them, "and I have chains and a the bus could not be coaxed to go.

on her silver flute. The high school shovel. I'll get you there."He A car came along, and its driver

had a fine musical director and the helped Mr. Smythe and some of the tried to help. When all efforts

musicians had felt much encouraged boys load the harp into the back part proved futile, he said: "We'll have

in their artistic endeavors. They had of the bus. The students took their to send aid and that may be difficult

a goodsized orchestra this year, and places, and the Field Acres High tonight. I can take five of you with

fifteen of its members were competSchool victory song rang down the me if you don't mind crowding a ing in the finals at the Lancaster road as they started off. little. We can put the small instruauditorium at the end of the month. The first hour went fine, but by ments in the trunk. We'll send help

Arrangements had been made to four o'clock it became extremely dark back from Lancaster, but.it's going

convey the students to Lancaster by and windy. "It's a near blizzard all to be too late to get the bus there

bus. The participating students were right,"the driver reported to Mr. tonight, I'm afraid—at least in time

to leave at three that afternoon, givSmythe and Miss Morten. "I'll have for the concert."

ing them ample opportunity to arrive to slow down—it's getting mighty Louisa was frantic. Her harp—how

in Lancaster for a warm dinner and hard to see."could she ever get it there now? Why,

a short rest before their appearance Louisa kept looking out of the winwhy hadn't she mastered a little inat the auditorium. dow straining to see ahead, as if by strument like Sarah Martin's flute?

Uncle Marvin left the morning of so doing she could help the driver Four girls were sent on to Lanthe contest to go to Lancaster to atin his hard job of steering. Suddenly, caster in the friendly driver's car.

tend to some business matters, arthere was a lurch and the bus stopped. Ten minutes later four more students

ranging to meet Louisa after the perThe driver started the motor again, found their opportunity with another formance. but they did not move. They could helpful motorist. When one of the

"Good luck, my dear,"he said as feel the wheels whirring, skidding, town officials came by in his car, she bade him goodbye. The early but they could not go forward. Mr. Smythe urged Miss Morten to

morning sky was gray, and tiny snow- "We're stuck,"Louisa said in distake the remaining girls and go.

flakes were beginning to fall again. may. But Louisa was so anguished at leavthe "Don't worry about weather now; if ing harp, feeling her that she justified. despair Her was They

it's too to cold a much. snow Have until could last only wait the perhaps in at of a drift the side caught were

trip, calm, play good keep and beau- a truck would she could by come and driver the the where road had tifully. all of I'm the back way, you it it in, have that hauled agreed was to able follow being swerved, not theyou know,"he said fondly. road closely in the blowing snow. to have her wait with Miss Morten.

That noon a number of the conLouisa was heartsick. After all of

testants had lunch together in the her hopes, all her work, her preparaschool cafeteria, and of course, the tion, would she attend this concert weather was the main concern. It and not be able to participate in it?

was snowing gently but quite steadAt last there was nothing to do ily. It had turned warmer and there but go, when an acquaintance fromwas a wind.

Field Acres came by in his car.

Mr. Smythe had asked Louisa to Louisa could not restrain her tears,

meet him after lunch so that he could and she felt them freezing upon her help her pack her harp especially to cheeks. Miss Morten tried to comfort

protect the sensitive strings from the her. cold. As she waited for him in the

music room, the girl sat down at her "Don't worry about the safety of harp and played one of the pieces your instrument, dear. Wilbur will

she was planning to use that evening. guard it with his life, you know, and

Her tones were golden, the glissandos it will be back at Field Acres before falling upon the air with great beauty. you are. I am sure one of the other

As the final chords died away Mr. contestants will let you use her harp?"

Smythe joined her. "Oh, Miss Morten, I'm afraid it's

"Do that well tonight, Louisa, and utterly hopeless. Mr. Smythe said

the judges just can't refuse you one there were no other harpists in the of the awards. Congratulations, I whole contest."

shall be very proud of you. By the "Well, perhaps the music director

way, the lists just came in, and you of Lancaster will know someone with are the only harpist entered from all a harp. My dear Louisa, I cannot

the schools."help feeling you will be allowed to

Louisa thanked him for his praise use your opportunity. You have

and then assisted him in. the packing earned it; you are deserving; we'll

of her harp. {Continued on page 45)

JANUARY 1954 25 EDITOR'S NOTE Major C. C. Booth, the author, was born

in Texas about thirty miles from Webber's site Prairie, first of colony. Lyman Wight's Lyman Wight

his Both of grandfathers were exCon- federate officers, so he attended many of the

Confederate reunions with them as a boy. He remembers well having a body of men In Early Texas

pointed out to him as "those Mormons."

He reports that they were looked upon rather with than contempt. with awe by Major C C. Booth colorful a Booth has Major record as a

soldier, having served under five different FORMERLY PRESIDENT, WEST DALLAS BRANCH flags and governments. He is a convert

to the Church and for a number of years has been president of the West Dallas just as logically have been placed in Church and was baptized by Oliver

L.D.S. Branch. any one of several other locations, for Cowdery in 1830. Eleven years later,

wishes to acknowledge The author the asLyman Wight and his followers esApril 8, 1841, the Prophet Joseph sistance of the Bandera, Hunter of J. Marvin

Texas, Museum; of Noah Smithwick, author tablished settlements and built homes Smith ordained him an Apostle and

of The Evolution of a State; of Don H. Bigand mills only to abandon them when set him apart as a member of the

gers and his book, The German Pioneers the mills were washed out. Another Council of the Twelve Apostles.

writTaylor's also of in Texas; T. U. Dean

of monument, erected by the state of Wight was called to head the times; people regarding these ings and

his good wife for her aid in securing and Texas to Lyman Wight and his folBlack River Lumber Company, crepictures, taking this data andcompiling and site of lowers, is located a settleat the for of securing ated the purpose lumassisted in any of all others have who Creek. Hamilton The ment on for inber the at Nauvoo. new templeway.

scription on the monument reads: He was in Wisconsin cutting lumber

"Site of a settlement made in 1851 for the temple, then under construcmiles south of Fredericksburg, by 20 Mormon families under the tion, at the time of the martyrdom of

FourTexas, is a lonely monument leadership of Lyman Wight 1796the Prophet Joseph Smith and his erected by the Lone Star State to 1858. Here they built homes, lumbrother Hyrum, the Patriarch. Wight

a town which was deserted over a ber mills and shops, for the manuwas a man of almost fanatical love hundred years ago, a man whose facture of furniture. Abandoned in for the Prophet and had faced death

mortal remains have lain there since 1853."to defend him. But after the Proph1858, and a people who ceased to exist The story of Lyman Wight and his et's death he decided to go to Texas,

as an organized group upon the death followers and their struggle to build taking with him what followers he of that man. a colony in Texas is an interesting if could recruit. Selling the mills in WisInscribed on the monument are the pathetic one. Lyman Wight was consin and some lumber that had alwords, "Site of Zodiac, a Mormon born in Fairfield, New York, May 9, ready been sawed, in 1845, Wight

settlement established in 1847 by 150 1796, and saw valiant service in the headed the Black River Lumber ComMormons under the leadership of War of 1812. He was married to pany southward down the Missouri

Lyman Wight. Abandoned in 1851 Harriet Bradley in about 1826. They River in four homemade boats. Bewhen floods destroyed their mill."moved to Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It tween 150 and 200 people were in

Except for marking the grave of was while living in Ohio that Lyman his party. On April 13 they landed

Lyman Wight, the monument might Wight became converted to the just north of Davenport, Ohio, where they remained until May 12 preparing for the overland journey.

In the summer of 1846 the company arrived at Webber's Prairie on

The author at a monuthe Colorado River about sixteen ment marking the site of miles southeast of Austin, Texas.

Zodiac and the grave of Here they built homes, a dam, a Lyman Wight.

gristmill, woodworking factory, and erected a twostory frame building.

This structure was used as a storage house on the first floor and as a "temple"on the second floor. Wight

also built himself a large log house in which he lived. This house still

stands today after more than one hundred years.

When the milldam washed out at

Webber's Prairie, Wight took his colony about twenty miles west to the foot of Mount Bonnell, also on the Colorado River and about four miles west of Austin. He again

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA erected a milldam and started to build another "temple"out of native rock. Ruins of this settlement and

temple site could still be seen several years ago when the author was last there. While living at Mt. Bonnell,

the men of Wight's colony built the county jail at Austin which still stood, when the author was a small boy.

While here, Wight was elected justice of the peace by his people who comprised the majority of the voters of the precinct. During Wight's

tenure of office it is reported that he had two members of his colony hanged for horse theft, this crime at the time being considered very serious. The site of his colony is known Old frame house at Webber's Prairie, built by Lyman Wight's colonists

to this day as "Horse Thief Springs."in 1846, upon their arrival in Texas. Lower floor was used as community

Wight, called by Joseph Smith ground.storeroom, upper floor as a "temple."Major Booth, the author, is in the fore-

"The Wild Ram of the Mountains,"was wellnamed. He ruled his little colony with an iron hand, and Wight to attend court and turn over During Zodiac days Brigham

his word was law to his people. the records. Wight reportedly kicked Young sent two elders, William

The dam on the Colorado River the constable out of his mill and Martindalc and Preston Thomas, to at the foot of Mount Bonnell also ran him off with a whip, thus severTexas to invite Wight and his folwashed out, so in 1847 Wight moved ing all his connections with the counlowers to rejoin the Saints in their his colony to a point on the Pederty courts and politics. Wight and westward trek. The two elders left

nales River about four miles south his colony seemed to have congenial their homes near Keg Creek, Iowa, of Fredericksburg in Gillespie Counrelationships with the other citizens on November 8, 1848 and proceeded ty. He called his settlement Zodiac, as far as business and social matters by land to Weston, Missouri. They

constructing here a gristmill, woodwere concerned, but locked horns on traveled by steamboat to St. Louis,

working factory, and other buildings. questions of politics. Galveston Bay, and Houston, and

While at Zodiac, Wight was again Zodiac was probably the most sucthen made their way three hundred elected chief justice or county judge cessful of all Wight's settlements. Its miles across the trackless country

of Gillespie County, but he was destreets were laid out on the square as infested by Indians and wild animals feated at a later election. After his was Nauvoo, Illinois, and the town at to Wight's settlement.

defeat, however, he refused to turn one time had a population of several The invitation of Brigham Young the records over to the county comhundred persons. Nothing is there to Lyman Wight that he and his

missioner's court, so Christian Garttoday but Wight's grave and the followers rejoin the main body of the ner, a constable of German extraction, monument erected by the state of Saints in their trek westward, fell was sent with a warrant ordering Texas. (Continued on page 62)

Ruins of "temple"and mill built by Lyman Wight's colony Hamilton Creek Cemetery after it was cleaned off. Notice

at Hamilton Creek, nine miles south of Burnet, Texas. the lone oak tree to the left and the crude grave markers of

sandstone.

JANUARY 1954 27::.:......

by Dr. Antone K. Romney

and Dr. Henry L. Isaksen

COUNSELING SERVICE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Should I Become Engaged Before I Go On My Mission?

a special or that he has is engaged friend at begin they home, immeYounginto themenmissionare beingfield.calledManyagainof experienceJohn will,whenindeed,he bebeginshavinghisa misnew girl

these young men ask themselves sion, but his success will depend, diately to prepare him for the worst.

and others the question, "Should I to some extent, on what has gone beThey quote to him the figures and become engaged before I go on my fore. So, while it is possible for an statistics they have collected on the

mission?"older person to move into an entirely chances that he will lose her within

As elders leave for the mission field, new and different environment and thirty, sixty, or ninety days. And

they are often beset by desires to routine of life, yet he takes with him the statistics do indicate that before have a complete understanding with his past experience, his memory, his his mission is completed, his promwill probably havesome girl friend concerning engagehome background—indeed, he takes ised girl friend

ment and marriage. Often the young himself into his new situation. His changed her mind and accepted some

elder is given a rude shock at his success as a missionary is much more other man's ring or offer for marriage.

farewell party when the bishop or dependent upon what he takes with Of course, there are exceptions to some other interested older friend adhim than it is on where he goes. John's this rule, and it is not our intention

vises him, "When you are on your success, then, does not depend upon to advise against engagement before mission, you are in a different world. how he feels about his friends and going on a mission. Such decisions

Stay in that world while you are especially about his girl friend. must rest with John and his sweetgone. Forget that you ever had Many missionaries have had speheart, but they should not shut their

friends at home. Forget your special cial girl friends, and some have been eyes to the fact that when John

girl friend because you probably engaged before going on a mission. enters the mission field he will face

won't have any when you get back. In years past, many elders have gone this attitude among other missionShe will be married to some other through the frustrating experience of aries. He must be prepared to meet

fellow."Such advice is sometimes learning that their "steady"friends it.

given in fun and sometimes in serioushave changed their minds and have Here is another question that John ness. What do you think of the probmade other attachments while they should consider. Can a missionary

lem? Should you become engaged were still in the field. In fact, the do better work if he is engaged than

before you leave for your mission? experience is so common among misif he is free from such ties at home?

sionaries that there has developed The answer to this question depends

Each missionary who faces this among the elders an attitude that a somewhat upon John. Some missionproblem would do well to consider new elder who comes to the field aries, to be sure, are motivated by

it from the standpoint of the boy in should first face the fact that his their thoughts of a sweetheart at the mission field and then with rechances for keeping his steady girl home to do their best, and to make spect to the problem of the girl at friend are particularly slim. As soon the most of their time while in the

home. as they discover that the new elder field. Others, however, spend many

EDITORS'NOTE At Brigham Young University, thousands of young men and women go to the Counseling Service each year for assistance in solving their educational, vocational, and personal problems. This series of articles by Dr. Antone K. Romney, chairman of this service

and a teacher at the university, and Dr. Henry L. Isaksen, counselor and teacher, is based

on their experiences with these young people. These two men are eminently qualified to

speak in relation to some of the many problems which are faced by young Latterday Saints today.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been very popular, and her company is sought by a host of friends, both male and female. She belongs to a

social group which holds formal parties where partners are expected.

She is interested in MIA activities where young men and young women mingle. Perhaps she will decide to

discontinue school and go to work'while John is away. In either case,

should she separate herself from social groups where partners are expected or should she go out occasionally but try not to be serious with other boy friends? And if Mary

does become engaged to John then separates herself from social activities and waits and remains true, is there a chance that John will have changed and will want some other girl who has kept up intellectually and socially?

Many girls who are engaged to mis- -Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts sionaries are trying to answer these

questions courageously and correctly.

hours writing letters, grieving over ing engaged before going on a mission. Many girls wait and are true to their

their loneliness, and worrying about They are, however, problems which promises. Some wait for almost two

the possibilities that the next mail should be carefully considered by years, then all of a sudden become may bring a "Dear John"letter. Such both the prospective missionary and engaged or married to a fine young

girl friend the to efhis in answeringa condition conducive is not quesman at home. Others just change

tion as tofective whether should work. missionary If John's or not John

engagement is likely to create such a become engaged before he leaves. their minds and break the engagecondition, then it would be better for ments before or after their missionhim to remain free from such influAary is nineteen years of age. John ary boy friend's return.

ences during his mission. is twenty. Mary is very much Now, if Mary is certain that John

Again, John's missionary experiinterested in John. In fact, since he has is the "One and Only"and if Mary

ences will develop him a great deal. been definitely planning his mission, has known this for a long time and

He will change in the two years while he seems so serious and manly that John feels the same way, it may work he is away. He will become more she feels that she is definitely in love out all right. Perhaps each of them

mature. His judgment and ideals with him. They have discussed the can then make a good adjustment.

will undergo a transformation. He problem of their engagement. John Cases are all different. It is therefore

may leave home as a child and reis very anxious to become engaged. impossible to set up any definite rules

turn as an adult. Will his adult He says he will have more to live that will apply in all cases. Young

ideas agree with those of the premis- and work for if Mary will promise to men and women should face such sionary boy? Did he rush into his wait for him. This serious talk of problems prayerfully and intelligently

engagement? There is about a fiftyengagement began only recently, and should make their decisions only

fifty chance that the elder in the when John received his call to fill a after they have given careful conmission field will change as much twoyear mission. Mary is thrilled sideration to such factors as we are

as the girl at home, both in his own and flattered by the proposal but feels considering. They should not overpersonality and in his desires conthat two years is a long time to wait look the great thrill that will come

cerning marriage. John may, while and especially if she is to refrain from to both of them through John's faithhe is on a mission, determine upon having dates with other young men. ful and wholehearted devotion to Jiis

a life's goal which will change his Yet Mary feels now that she will missionary duties. They should conplans as to marriage and as to the be willing to give up all social activity sider seriously the probability that

selection of his wife. deferring their engagement until he

All these are considerations and until John returns and become a returns will not only enhance his problems which John must face "lady in waiting."What should she chances for effective missionary servwhether he has made definite ardo? ice but will make it much easier for

rangements before he leaves or not. Mary will remain home and will both of them to make the big decision

These considerations are not preprobably want to continue her atconcerning marriage when the time sented as an argument against becomtendance at college. She has always comes.

JANUARY 1954 29 NEW APPROACHES TO BOOK OF MORMON STUDY by Hugh Nibley PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Part 3

is both a religious book and aEvidence for the authenticity of gives us a clear and circumstantial mon documents falls into three cateaccount of what it is supposed to be history. This is another point in its

gories, internal, external, and cirand invites us to put it to any posfavor, for the author could have procumstantial. sible test. This is not the method of duced a religious book claiming divine

To summarize, let us list some of a man out to deceive. We must credit revelation without the slightest risk

the most tangible evidences for the him with being honest until he is had he produced a Summa Theologia

Book of Mormon. proved otherwise. or a Key to the Scriptures. If one

I. Internal Evidence: Imagine that 2. Before he has read a word, our searches through the entire religious

a Book of Mormon has been dropped islander notes that the book in his literature of the Christian ages from from a helicopter to a man stranded hand is a big one. This is another the time of the Apostles to the time

on a desert island, with instructions strong argument in its favor. A of Joseph Smith, not one of these

to decide on its reliability. On the forger knows that he runs a risk with productions can be found to profess

first page the man would find a clear every word he writes, for him brevity divine revelation aside from that destatement of what..the book claims is the soul of success and, as we have rived through the reading of the scripto be, on the following pages a story seen, the author of such a long book tures. This is equally true whether

of how it came into existence, and could not have failed to discover what one inspects the writings of the finally the testimonies of certain withe was up against before he proceeded apostolic fathers, of the doctors of nesses. Here are three astonishing very far. In giving us a long book, the Middle Ages, even the greatest of

the author forces us to concede that whom claim only to be making comclaims—all supernatural. Has the

man on the island enough evidence he is not playing tricks. mentaries on the scriptures, or more

3. Almost immediately the castamodern religious leaders who, though in the contents of the book alone—no

other books or materials being availway discovers that the Book of Morthey claimed enlightenment, spoke able to him—to reach a satisfactory

decision? By all means. Internal

evidence is almost the only type ever used in testing questioned documents;

it is rarely necessary to go any farther than the document itself to find enough clues to condemn it, and if the text is a long one, and an historical document in the bargain, the absolute certainty of inner contradictions is enough to assure adequate testing. 19 * This makes the Book of

Mormon preeminently testable, and we may list the following points on which certainty is obtainable.

1. The mere existence of the book,

to follow Blass, is a powerful argument in favor of its authenticity.

Without knowing a thing about LDS

Church history, our stranded islander can immediately see that someone has gone to an enormous amount of trouble to make this book. Why?

If the author wishes to deceive, he has chosen a strange and difficult way to do it. He has made the first move; near MuchLos Lunas,study Newand careMexico,wentyetintoa cursorythe preparationglance wasofenoughthis "ancientto revealHebrewthe crispinscription"freshness

he has magnanimously put into our of the newlycut letters. Numerous other flaws appeared upon closer inspection. To

hands a large and laborious text; in anyone not determined to accept this inscription as genuine, it furnishes an interesting

the introductory pages of that text, he andillustrationthe impossibilityof the painsof todoingwhichso peoplewithoutwillimmensego to produceand laboriousa convincinglookingpreparation. Yetantique,such

*Numbers refer to bibliography at end of each a forgery as this would be infinitely easier to get away with than one of Book of Mormon instalment. proportions.

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA only as the scribes and Pharisees of old who, though they could quote and comment on scripture on every occasion, never dared to speak as one having authority. This writer never

falls back on the accepted immunities of double meaning and religious interpretations in the manner of the Swedenborgians or the schoolmen. This refusal to claim

any special privileges is an evidence of good faith.

4. Examining the book more closely, the islander is next struck by its

great complexity. Doesn't the author know how risky this sort of

thing is? If anyone should know, he

certainly does, for he handles the intricate stuff with great understanding. Shysters may be diligent enough

in their way, but the object of their trickery is to avoid hard work, and this is not the sort of laborious task they give themselves.

5. In its complexity and length lies

the key to the problem of the book, for our islander, having once read

Blass, remembers that no man on earth can falsify a history of any length without contradicting himself continually. Upon close examination

all the many apparent contradictions in the Book of Mormon disappear. It genuityAccordingwent intoto Blass,the productionthere has ofneverthese beencoppera rolls,clever purportedlyforgery. Muchfound energyin a caveand nearinpasses the sure test of authenticity Lunton, Arizona, yet it was instantly apparent upon examination that they are modern

with flying colors. fabrications. The rolls were strips of modern roofing copper of standard composition and

width. There was no sign of aging or patination, though clumsy attempts had been

6. Since the author must in view made to achieve the effect with acid. By introducing a confusion of symbols from a

of all this be something of a genius, slipnumberrequiredof ancienta dozenalphabets,tricks to coverthe forgerit up, onlyand everymade onehis oftrickerythose tricksmore producedapparent. a Everydozen

the lonely critic begins to study his more slips.

work as creative writing. Here it

breaks down dismally. The style is claim of the "translator"is that this subtleties or tricks, no reveling in abnot that of anyone trying to write book is no literary creation, and the stract terms, no esoteric language or

well. There is skill of a sort, but internal evidence bears out the claim. doctrine to require the trained ineven the unscholarly would know that Our critic looks at the date of the terpreter. This is not a "mystic"

the frequent use of "it came to pass"book again—1830. Where are the text, though mysticism is the surest

does not delight the reader, and it is rich sentimentality, the incurable refuge for any religious quack who not biblical. Never was writing less romanticism, and the lush but mealy thinks he might be running a risk.

"creative"as judged by present day rhetoric of "fine writing"in the early The lone investigator feels the direct standards: there is no central episode, 1800's? Where are the fantastic impact of the concrete terms; he is

no artistic development of a plot; one imagery, the romantic descriptions, never in doubt as to what they mean.

event follows another with equal and the unfailing exaggerations that This is not the language of one trying emphasis in the even flow of a chroneveryone expected in the literature of to fool others or who has ever had icle; the author does not "milk"the time? Here is a book with all any experience in fooling others.

dramatic situations, as every creative the elements of an intensely romantic 8. Our examiner is struck by the

writer must; he takes no advantage of adventure tale of faraway and longlimited vocabulary of the Book of

any of his artistic opportunities; he has ago, and the author turns down inMormon. Taken in connection with

no favorite characters; there is no gain numerable chances to please his pubthe size and nature of the book, this

in confidence or skill as the work lic! is very significant. Whoever wrote

progresses, nor on the other hand 7. For the professional religionist, the book must have been a very indoes he show any sign of getting what John Chrysostom called "the telligent and experienced person; yet

tired or of becoming bored, as every wise economy of a useful deception,"such people in 1830 did not produce creative writer does in a long compo- i.e. religious double talk, has been books with rudimentary vocabularies.

sition: the first and last books of the ever since his day a condition of surThis cannot be the work of any simBook of Mormon are among the best, vival and success. But there is none ple clown, but neither can it be that

and the author is going just as strong of this in the Book of Mormon. There of an able and educated contemporary.

at the end as at the beginning. The are no plays on words, no rhetorical (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1954 31 NEW APPROACHES TO BOOK OF MORMON STUDY

(Continued from preceding page) being "controlled"or of any other of such authentically Egyptian names 9. The extremely limited vocabusource that could give him the inas Paanchi, Manti, and Hem, or such

lary suggests another piece of internal formation contained in the Book of freakish Jaredite customs as keeping evidence to the reader. The Book Mormon. kings in comfortable imprisonment all

of Mormon never makes any attempt The purpose of our studies on Lehi their days, for these things are clearly to be clever. This, says Blass, is a and the Jaredites was to supply indescribed in the Book of Mormon,

test no forger can pass. The Achilles'formation that fulfilled these three well established in the secular world,

heel of the smart impostor is vanity. conditions, and the purpose of the yet known to no one at the time the

The man who practises fraud to gain present articles is to supply yet more Book of Mormon came forth. As posan ascendancy and assert his suevidence of the same type. In critisible but not positive proof we have

periority over others cannot forego the cizing such information one might a good deal of evidence from the New pleasure of enjoying that superiority. classify the various items as (1) posiWorld; the hesitation to accept this

The islander does not know it, but tive, (2) possible, and (3) doubtful proof as final comes from the inability recent attempts to account for Joseph evidence of authenticity. As positive or reluctance of our secular experts

Smith claim to discover the key to his proof, we might accept the evidence (Concluded on page 41) character in an overpowering ambition to outsmart people. Why then SsSsSSsJS-w

doesn't he ever try to show how clever he is? Where are the big words and Artterina J4btltvi(ie\the deep mysteries? There is no cleverness in the Book of Mormon. It Richard L. Evans

was not written by a deceiver.

10. Since it claims to be translated HThere is a profound thought in these words of William

is thatby divine power, the Book of Mormon James: "The greatest discovery of my generation

attitudes their lives altering alter their beings can by all rehuman claims the authority—and generaof discoveries of any the great This original the text. Thesponsibility—ofalso

it a is simply sense of in one any leavesauthor himself oftion—ormind."isindividual—andone no philological"

loopholes, though the book, stemming restatement of the principle of repentance. There are times

from a number of nations and lanwhen most of us have need to alter our attitudes. There

guages, offers opportunity for many are times when the stubborn set of a mind or of a heart will of them. It is a humble document drive people apart when they should come closer—and

of intensely moral tone, but it does not when without some honest change of attitude, there would flinch at reporting unsavory incidents be little possibility of improvement. Sometimes misundernot calculated to please people who standings settle into stalemated situations because neither

think that any mention of horror or party will change the set of his jaw, the set of his heart, bloodshed should be deleted from rethe set of his thoughts—because neither will alter his attitligious writing. tudc. Granted that there may be grievances (and rememberis perfect), there still must be some 11. External Evidence:—Our ising also that no one

lander has been rescued by a British honest altering of attitudes, some giving by someone in some tramp steamer. Burning with curiosdegree if resentments are ever to be resolved, if personal

ity, he jumps ship in London, rushes relationships between estranged people are ever to be imto Great Russell Street, and bounds proved. A person may sincerely feel that it is not his place

up the steps of the British Museum to make the first move. He may feel that it is not his place to

three at a time. He is now after go halfway—or any part of the way. He may sincerely feel

external proofs for the Book of Morthat the fault lies wholly somewhere outside himself. But

mon. He may spend the next forty someone has to move. Someone, sometime, has to break

years in the great library, but whatthe heartbreaking deadlocks of opposing personalities if ever external evidence he finds must they are ever again to be compatible. Someone has to do

fulfil three conditions: something if what shouldn't be is ever to be as it should be.

1. The Book of Mormon must make Someone must make some move if misunderstandings are not

clear and specific statements about forever to remain. To repeat the words of William James:

certain concrete, objective things. "... human beings can alter their lives by altering their

2. Other sources, ancient and attitudes...."Where something should be done, let

modern, must make equally clear and false pride be pushed aside; let people who should not be

objective statements about the same apart move toward one another; let repentance enter the

things, agreeing substantially with picture; let men make the most of life by honestly altering

what the Book of Mormon says about false attitudes.

them. 3. There must be clear proof that

there has been no collusion between Like Spoken Word prom temple square the two reports, i.e., that Joseph Smith PRESENTED OVERSYSTEM,KSL ANDOCTOBERTHE COLUMBIA25, 1953 BROADCASTING

could not possibly have knowledge of Copyright, 1953 the source by which his account is 32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ids leadership in ParentTeacher Association

by Mae B. Rose

are proud of the leadership president of the Home and School Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Lyman Robison.

Robison, Yates Louise mother, of the Utah Her forerunner League, in many our Utahns byWeshown loved and remembered be will always Teachers. Parents and is Congress of interIt nation. fields in the

esting to note that today in the United Mrs. Solomon started teaching by the Relief Society women of the

States, four PTA presidents are native Sunday School at the age of thirteen Church for her eleven years of outUtahns. These four ParentTeacher in the Cannon Ward in Salt Lake standing leadership as president of

Association presidents are all active City. She has been an active worker the National Women's Relief Society.

members of the Church of Jesus Christ in Church organizations ever since. Mrs. Bosquet was one of the first

of Latterday Saints and have devoted She has held positions of leadership Gleaner Girls of the Church as a many years of service to it. All have in the Sunday School, Primary, member of the "pilot"group of

an abiding faith in the youth of our YWMIA, and Relief Society, both on Granite Stake under Sister May Green. She has held many posiland and the importance of the public the ward and stake level in Mari- (Hinckley)

school in our way of life. All of them copa Stake. tions of leadership in Sunday School,

are parents and recognize with huShe has been active in PTA for seminary, Relief Society, YWMIA, mility the responsibilities of parenttwenty years, holding leadership posiand Primary in Granite, Salt Lake, hood. All feel the need for united tions as a high school president, counand North Pocatello stakes.

effort in behalf of our children. cil president, and now as president Her PTA experience stems back a

Mrs. LaFond T. Solomon, presiof the Nevada Congress of Parents number of years, and since 1942 she

dent of the Nevada Congress of Parand Teachers. has served in various capacities on

ents and Teachers, makes her home Mrs. Dorothy R. Bosquet, presithe state level.

in Las Vegas, Nevada, with her husdent of the Idaho Congress, makes Mr. J. Ralph Brown, president of

band, James Dewey Solomon. Her her home in Pocatello, Idaho, with the Hawaii Congress of Parents and

daughter Geraldine (Geri) and her her husband, Cecil F. Bosquet, who Teachers, is assistant manager of the

husband, Lowell N. Bonnett, also at present is a member of the high Honolulu office of the State Savings

make their home in Las Vegas. She council of Pocatello Stake. They and Loan Association, whose head

also is the mother of a son. Mrs. have three daughters, Louise and office is in Salt Lake City. He makes

Solomon is the daughter of the late Joan, who are at home with them, his home in Honolulu with his wife,

H. S. Tanner and Mrs. Laura Woodand Marjorie Carlson who also lives the former Lucile Adams, also from

land Tanner, who lives in Salt Lake in Pocatello with her husband. Mrs. Salt Lake City, and their two daughCity. Mrs. Laura Tanner was the Bosquet is the daughter of the late (Continued on page 36)

Four PTA presidents, all native

Utahns, in front of the National

Congress of Parents & Teachers

Headquarters Building in Chicago, Illinois, in September, at the laying of the cornerstone: from

left to right: Mrs. J. Dewey Solomon, Nevada; Mrs. Donald E.

Rose, Utah; Mrs. C. F. Bosquet,

Idaho; and Mr. J. Ralph Brown,

Hawaii.

JANUARY 1954 33 stationed near Baghdad. I asked Basra, determined that this mound,

In the Steps of Abraham them if they realized that the town called Tel al Muquayyar (Mound of (Continued from page 21) of Basra was the port from which Pitch) by the Arabs, was none other

Amman. The ascent begins and Sindbad the Sailor sailed. They were than the biblical Ur. Little was done

after some distance affords one last not aware of this fact but hinted by way of excavation until Sir Leonlook at the Mount of Olives, less that perhaps this knowledge might ard Woolley of the British Museum make their dull routine more interbegan work at Ur in 1922. Thethan fifty miles away.

Amman has some interesting ruins, esting. findings were so remarkable that he

reportedly dating from the Roman Stepping off the train in Ur Juncworked there for twelve years.

period, but we did not stop there for tion, a mere whistle stop, at 3:55 In Abraham's time Ur was an islong. "The Flying Carpet,"gorged A.M., I experienced the most lonely land, but since he lived there, the

life. Securing a cot Euphrates has carried so much siltwith fuel and with its radio blasting feeling of my

out Beethoven's "Turkish March,"in the station, I nonetheless excitedly down that the nearest harbor is 150 awaited the dawn. With Genesis 11 miles away on the Persian Gulf, andheaded out into the Syrian Desert.

1 occupying my mind, the Euphrates now flows ten miles After a terrible night in the middle and Abraham of the back seat, stopping for re- I stole a few hours'rest. to the east of Ur. We were walking

As an American tourist (the first across this silt. Climbing up overfreshments in a Khans—in which

Abraham wouldn't have stayed overin nine months), I provided the what used to be the city wall, we first proper. catalysis for a celebration. thing entered asUr The The is (a a sort of motel Khansnight—this did the sistant stationmaster ziggurat was wanted to mount to we his parks camel and onewhere

"sleeps"for the night) and witnessbe a special event. Six of us left for to command a view of the ruins and

ing the world roll into a steelgray a tour of the ruins, including the assurrounding terrain. This great mass

dawn, we reached the Euphrates. We sistant stationmaster, his friend, the of clay brick is 200 feet by 150 feet

were now in Iraq. Iraq is now a telegraph clerk, myself, a dog, and and over 70 feet high. It was built,

member of the UN. The Arabs are some Bedouin with an ancient rifle. we are told, during the "Golden

very proud of their country. Their This last item, the rifle, was a necesAge"of Ur, in the Third Dynasty

flag has four colors: red, representing sity, for Abraham's birthplace is now (20701960 B.C.) by King UrNam-

of wolves. of of the the habitation honor god Ur, Nanmu in of green, bloodthe Arab enemies;

1 the God. Abraham Moon first thing The visible in Ur is the nar, fertility lands; the of Arabdenoting

black, signifying the 1 fate of Arab enruin of the mighty ziggurat (a steptells us that his fathers had turned emies; and white, representing the temple). It stands out boldly against to idolatry (see also Joshua 24) and

Arab nobility and chivalry. the flat tableland surrounding it. As that he, Abraham, was greatly disAfter fighting my way through the we walked the two miles from Ur turbed.

red tape of four legations in order to Junction, where locomotives stop for From the summit it is possible to secure permission to follow Abraham, water, I was trying to recreate in look for miles out over the world of

I was, at last, ready to do a little my mind the world of Abraham "In Abraham. Far in the distance can

following. Taking a night train the land of the Chaldeans, at the be seen trees marking the course of

from Baghdad to Ur, I got into a residence of my [his] father.... "8 the Euphrates. Several miles away

compartment with two British TomThe site of Ur was rediscovered by loom the ruins of Eridu and Tell el mies taking the mail to Britain's W. K. Loftus in 1852. 9 One year Obeid, cities that Abraham may have

eighthundred-man security force, later J. E. Taylor, British consul at visited. Testifying to Ur having been

an island are great depressions beyond the city walls, called by Woolley the north and west harbors. Immediately in the foreground is the

temple precinct and the royal graves;

beyond this, the residential district.

Ur was not large by our standards, being only about half a mile wide by threefourths of a mile long. A walk

around the ruins is as convenient as it is thrilling. This monumental mass

of decay once formed a great city.

The great patriarch walked these streets.

At least fifteen centuries of ruins crowd the temple precinct, authorities tell us, all once dedicated to some of the five thousand gods of Sumer.

A short walk through the dust of centuries brings one to the royal * '; '- ">. **\t ';:*? >\,?l ". * fm'-M graves.light someHeremostWoolleyremarkablebroughttombto

Digging in and around the corbelled arch in the ruins of Abraham's home town, Ur. findings. 11 The royal harp, the gold

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA helmet, the gold dagger, gaming *There are many such dubious sites in W. K. Loftus, Travels and Researches in

185,7). of these (London: Susiana Part given Chaldea and names Holy Land.boards, lapis lazuli bowls, and other the

cit., analyzes frauds op. are "Finegan, commercial pp. 5760, to places and things

objects a"art point to a high degree and some are only pious frauds perpetrated most of the traditions and scholarly arguof culture. Today, little is apparent not maliciously, but in an attempt to satisfy ments concerning the dates of Abraham

in these graves of the treasures that the questions of humble pilgrims who, in and arrives at the year 1935 B. C. for

into Canaan. entry past, saved for a lifetime to see "exact"Abraham'scame out of them. I entered one times Ur: The First Woolley, with Holy Writ. connected places "Sir Leonard

which the wind and rain, arch ene5Luke 10:30, 3334. Phases (London and New York: The Kingmies of a mud civilization, had not Penguin Books, 1946), plates 1 to 16. Most

yet reclaimed, but there was nothing cMatt. 3:5-6. of these treasures are in the Archaelogical

left inside. 'Matt. 3:13. Museum in Baghdad.

8Abraham 1:1. 12Genesis 12:1.

After leaving the royal graves, it is an easy matter to visit the excavations of the private house area. Here the

visitor may walk through the streets and look into the houses that formed the home town of this great patriarch. imprisoned bu the C-commonplace

Some of the houses are so well preserved that it is possible to imagine Richard L. Evans

what they looked like four thousand years ago. Some are twostoried Cometimes it would be well if we could step aside and see

builtstructures several with rooms see not seen us as if ourselves never had we before—and

court. openaround an They us, free from things also ourselves, the around reonly but

minded me a little of the homes at the tired impressions we have of places and people. Our

Pompeii and Herculaneum. thoughts, our very lives, often become imprisoned by the

The rest of the day we climbed commonplace, by the familiar look of familiar things—things

around the ruins, dug a little for which if lost, should we find them once again, would be findings, decended into pits, walked wonderfully welcome. It would be well to take a fresh new

the streets. We returned to the stalook not only at ourselves and our surroundings, but also to

tion at dusk. As I watched the cloud look at our loved ones, whom we sometimes so much take

formations in the brilliant hues of for granted. It would be well to take a fresh look at the

sunset, it was easy to imagine their loveliness of each new day, at the place we go when the shapes forming the patriarch himself, day is done, at the walls we live within. The places we live

leading his flocks and herds northin and the people we live with are not perfect (as we ourward "... unto a land that I will selves are not perfect). They may not always be at their

shew thee."12 Soon the moon apbest (as we ourselves are not always at our best). But it

peared and even though Ur, the city would be well at times to look at them as if we had lost fell into to hisdedicated worship, there. So often we sucthem suddenly saw then them—and centuriesruins ago, once Nannar was of pessimism, of boredom, commonplace. to the Much cumb

again lord of the night, just as he much of discouragement, much of disinterest comes from has been for ages. thinking of familiar things in the same familiar way, of

(To be continued) letting our minds run in ruts, of thinking the same thoughts, thoughtlessly in the same sequence, instead of mentally stepNOTES ping aside and seeing ourselves, our surroundings, our loved ones and our very lives with daily gratitude to God for the xMilton R. Hunter, Pearl of Great Price existence that is ours. This world we live in is not a thing

Commentary (quoting Parley P. Pratt and of chance; nor do we have a limitless lease on the life that

vol. Star,T. Millennial 3, Ward, no. 3, here we live, nor on our loved ones in this life. And we

p. 47; Salt 1, 1842, City:July Lake Stevens

and Wallis, Inc., 1948), p. 35. are none too young to step aside and see ourselves in our

2Genesis 11:31. See also Sir Leonard own familiar setting, and ask what really matters most.

Woolley, Ur of the Chaldees (HarmondsAnd seen in proper perspective, the scramble for the shoddy worthMiddlesex: Penguin Books, reprinted would seem shoddier; and life and loved ones, and work,

12. revisionswith 1950), p. One explanais, and peace, and virtue, and a quiet conscience, and the beautytion for the incorrect of "Chaldees"use

"Strictly speaking, the words 'of the Chalof the earth, and the sound and solid things would all take dees'are an anachronism. The Chaldeans on new meaning. And somehow we would come closer to

were a Semitic people, who first came into acquiring the courage to live as we should live and to be as farsouthern B. C. Babylonia around 1000 see ourselves aside step and we would what we should be—if tell of course, quite it was, as we can... purpose. appraisal and with surroundings a new and our for writers apply to to thenatural Hebrew

the city or land the appellation customary in their own day."Jack Finegan, Light

From the Ancient Past (Princeton UniJke Spoken \AJord from temple square versity Press, 1949), p. 56, note. It would PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

be just as natural for Joseph Smith to SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 8, 1953 translate this expression in the manner Copyright, 1953 of Genesis.

3Matt. 21:19. ifscNNTjcvcNCNcvcvrj

JANUARY 1954 IDS leadership in PTA organizations,Forest Dale andconductingHawthornechoruseswards.in whichand girlswasinsentthe monthlyservice andto thethe boysmisShe taught in most of the organizasion field.

(Concluded from page 33) tions of the Church and held leaderHer PTA activity started in 1936 ters, nine and eleven years of age. ship positions in Sunday School, when she was elected President of

He received his earlv education in YWMIA, Primary, Religion Class, the Hawthorne PTA. She has worked

Salt Lake City, having graduated seminary, Relief Society, and the LDS constantly to promote the PTA profrom East High School and later the Girls program. She was secretary of gram since then on the local, counUniversity of Utah. While at the the welfare committee of both the cil, and state level, and has been a

latter school he was a member of Hawthorne and Marlborough wards member of the executive committee

Sigma Nu Fraternity, business manfor a number of years and edited the of the Utah Congress of Parents and ager of the magazine, a class officer, Marlborough Memos, a publication Teachers since 1941.

and a member of the Skull and Bones

Society. He attended Columbia University for one year and later he made

his home in Los Angeles until the (fv>JVX3V>;

war. He served in the air force during World War II. He is the son of

the late Dr. and Mrs. A. L. Brown On 'viltipimna kstaked

of Salt Lake City. His brother

Moroni, a professor at the University Richard L. Evans

of Utah, is mental health chairman T) erhaps we have all had the experience of traveling in on the Board of Managers of the strange territory, of trying to find a place we haven't

Utah Congress of Parents and been before, off turning the right and of then road—and Teachers. sensing that somehow off turned the right road. we had

Ralph Brown has filled two stake But despite the warning sense within us, we may doggedly missions, one in San Fernando Stake have pursued the wrong road until we arrived at a dead before the war and another in Oahu end, or until we had gone so far that we had lost much time

Stake in Hawaii. He is an active and had much distance to retrace. There are many ways

member of the Waikiki Ward and the in which men may find themselves on wrong roads, and

Oahu Stake seventies'quorum. seemingly there are many reasons why they don't sooner

He has been active in PTA since turn back to the right one: sometimes because of stubbornhis first daughter started to school. ness, of pride or perverseness; sometimes because of the fallacy

He has been a district vicepresident, of supposing that if a person has taken one wrong step he had just as well take two; that if he has slipped somewhat he territorial vicepresident, and chairman of the territorial service directors'had just as well slip farther; that if he has made one mistake,

if he makes more. These are allcommittee, prior to his present posiit doesn't matter too much

tion as president of the Hawaii flagrant fallacies that cause carelessness to lead to more careCongress of Parents and Teachers. lessness, misconduct to more misconduct, to the ultimate

hardening of habits, and to heartbreak and unhappiness. It

Mrs. Mae B. Rose, president of the was said of the prodigal son that he "came to himself."1 But

Utah Congress of Parents and it was only after he had gone a long way in the wrong direcTeachers, makes her home in Bountition and after he had lost his inheritance and his selfrespect.

ful, Utah, with her husband, Donald If those who have erred would come to themselves sooner,

E. Rose, and daughter, Evelyn. The they wouldn't have so far to return. There is no reason

Rosesdren—Wayne,are the parentswho is ofKanethreeCountychilwhymistakes.a manThewhosoonerhas madea wronga mistakecourse isshouldcorrected,multiplythe lesshis

agricultural agent and lives in Kanab the time lost, and the less the penalty imposed, and the with his wife and little son; Donna sooner is found the peace that comes with the consciousness

Mae and her husband, Bob Breitling of being on the right road. Let no foolish pride, no stubborn

of the Breitling and Law Construction perverseness cause delay in correcting a wrong course. To

Company, live in Salt Lake City with recall the words of William James: Men "can alter their

their babies; and Evelyn, who is a lives by altering their attitudes...."Let false pride be

student at Davis High School. Mrs. pushed aside; let the blessed principle of repentance enter

Rose is the daughter of Thomas K. the picture; let men come to themselves sooner, wherever

Biesinger and the late Ida Free Biethey are—for the awareness of moving in the right direcsinger and has always lived in Salt tion, after having moved in a wrong one, is a wonderful

Lake City until a year ago when she awareness.

moved to Bountiful. iLuke 15:17.

Mrs. Rose has likewise been busy

in Church activities, starting as a Jke Spoken Word from temple square teacher in Sunday School at the age PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 1, 1953of fourteen in Forest Dale Ward. SYSTEM, NOVEMBER Copyright, 1953

She was also chorister in auxiliary 36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a new recreation center...

Park Stake recreation center has exposed interior walls built with alternate 6"and 8"high Buehner

Block. Note the rounded corners

on the columns, created with Buehner bullnose units. Pattern

is stacked bond.

Architects: Fetzer and Fetzer

Mason Contractor:

Thomas Child & Co.

w"<'s*5ZS3Si>*

... and a new ward house

The exterior walls of the East Ensign Ward are 4"high Buehner redlava block.

Classrooms, recreation hall and corridors also have exposed Buehner block walls.

Cast stone trim around entrance is by Otto Buehner and Company.

Architect:

Theodore R. Pope

Mason Contractor:

T. H. Duncan

Inside or out, you'll find that Buehner redlava block You'll find the use of Buehner block soves a great deal on o is an ideal material for the construction of ward houses, Savesstrainedon buildinginstalledin-thewallbudget. cost (compare with other popular

stake recreation centers, and schools—just as it is materials)

for fine homes. First of all, it's an attractive material SavesSaves onon finishingupkeep costs of interior walis (it can be left unpainted,

that can be used to make an infinite variety of wall or inexpensively painted, as you wish) pattern and texture effects. Buehner block comes in Saves on soundproofing cost (the coarse texture of lightweight

several integral colorings, and can also be finished in blockas comparedcan absorbwith upaboutto 503 perper centcent offor soundhard plasterstriking andthe similarwall longlasting masonry paints. materials)

Build it better with Buehner redlava Block machinery made with superior aggregates—precision

"knowhow"and technical

Co. Buehner Block

2800 So- W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

JANUARY 1954 37 WHO CAN DENY THE JUSTICE OF GOD? Jeremiah:is made clear by the prophet

(Concluded from page 23) If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask Let not the wise man glory in his to whom he could pray, and upon of God, that giveth to all men liberally, wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory let his might, glory not the rich man justicewhose his riches: and mercy he could him.and upbraideth(James 1:5.)not; and it shall be given inin

implicitly.depend

let glorieth glory that in But him

Job comprehended God. He could Down through the ages, from that he understandeth and knoweth this,me,

I his existence.not that exercise loving the deny which Lord who am To those the on, Father came to man Adam

in righteousness, kindness, judgment, anddenied God, he propounded some understanding knowledge same and I delight, for the earth: these in thingsquestions that never anhave been received from by those God of God 9:2324.) saith the Lord. (Jeremiah

swered by the wisdom of men; for exwho sought wisdom, in keeping with

ample: the admonition of James. God gave knowledge and underWhere wast thou when I laid the foundaToday God has not left us alone, standing to the disciples of Christ

tions of the earth? declare, if thou hast dependent upon the testimonies of which prepared them to suffer perseunderstanding. rather cution than death even and dispensaevery prophets. ancient In in hath put the inward wisdom Who divine of mission their Lord deny the earth, of the gospel the tion upon orparts? hath given understanding who

to the heart? (Ibid., 38:4, 36.) from the time when Adam walked and Savior.

.. without faith it is impossible to God's nearness, yes, his presence, and talked with God, to the present,.

for please that to him: he to cometh himself revealed God has man, God felt finally dehewas when by Job

is, believe that is a he that he and his prophets has must he through andclared: of that diligently seek rewarder him. them his his gospel disseminated law and

11:6.) (Hebrews

liveth, that For redeemer I know my to the that earth might anew, all men heand that shall stand at the latter day know that he lives, that he is the I know that God lives to enlighten earth: theupon

And though after my skin worms destroy rewarder of them that diligently seek our minds, quicken our understandthis body, yet in my flesh shall I see him. He lives to bless mankind. He ings, and give to us a knowledge and

God: has declared from the heavens in understanding of God and of his

Whom I shall see for myself, and mine these latter days: eternal purposes, and of the divine

eyes shall behold, and not another; though mission of his Only Begotten Son,

is this behold, For work and my mymy Christ; hears anthat he and Jesus

to the bring pass immortality19:2527.) reins be consumed within me. (Ibid., glory—to love a filial swers our prayers with life P., of eternal (P. of G. and man.

Though centuries separated them, Moses 1:39.) for us, his children here upon this

Job could have declared as well as earth. In the name of Jesus Christ.

did the Apostle James: The importance of this knowledge Amen.

These limes THE WINTER'S HIVE (Concluded from page 6) premise, Soviet education mixes a peculiarly nonparallel doctrine. This is

Now from the opened blossom of the world theis responsibleidea that eachfor hisstudent,own notprogressthe state,and

The hee of August drinks his thirsty fill advancement. Psychological testing and

counseling, the current "rage"in AmeriAnd hurries to the hive of heaven where can education, is frowned on. Instead,

The golden maids the honeyed combs distil. the Soviet student is indoctrinated with

the notion that he himself has the latent

So when December lifts her angry heel power, by training and discipline, to

To gallop down the icy slopes of wind overcome even his heredity and his environment. Will this relative doctrine

Then in the weary, beaten mind is stirred to that of "rugged individualism"ever

One lilac's cluster from the April's seal, collide with Soviet discipline, which now holds all the trumps? This is an

One drop of roses from blue afternoons, interesting prospect in these times.*

Then all the wolves of winter are undone, *The reader should understand that all the mateof Soviet education. of its question The The deepening hungers of the heart are fed aspectsquality,rial in the foregoing has to do with the quantitative as everywhere, problem. is another G.H.D.

By the sweet memory of June's rising sun.

fiqht Polio / Margery S. Stewart

Join the MARCH OF DIMES January 2 to 31 38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A new book by Dewey Farnsworth

BOOK of MORMON EVIDENCES in ANCIENT AMERICA

Vividly illustrated, offering rich hisEvidences in Ancient America gives torical data to the inquiring mind, and added reassurances to faithful Lattergiving true, concise similarities in day Saint believers. Here are actually

thought and fact, the Book of Mormon two books in one. The archaeological

account vividly describes the facts obtained from explorations and scientific searchings of ancient American ruins.

The other account is a divine revelation, acceptable through faith, yet ilagainst stronger and made existing doubts with Amenta luminatedany by comparison In Anri*nt disarchaeological upto-theminute coveries. $6.00

De Luxe Edition $7.50

15. THE FATE OF THE PERSECUTORS OF THE PROPHET

JOSEPH SMITH hBe oiog -> tol( N. B. Lundwall 1 findings fW et\ <>r times compilation of historical seienl"data on the personal A,n he,e concerning his testimony Smith, of Joseph the martyrdom, and

dcta! *nve fates of those persecuted him. $3.00 who - the "** i Co* habits*5

AmericasBo l< of Mormon scriptures 16. THE YOUTH CHURCH AND match

scientific data, tun- B. Lee Harold cHuBKjlJj parallel ing; n f 'his comparison contest error, neverending The between truth and

for. fact righteousness perdiscussed are wickedness as and sealing startling taining to youth's 2.25 problems. CHURCH BOOK similarities.focf

17. THE RESTORATION OF ALL SALE

THINGS KINGDOM SMITH,1. JOSEPH AN AMERI- 8. KNIGHTConwayOF THESonne PROPHET CAN 2.2598c Reg. Joseph Fielding Smith Henry Evans John

3.5098C Reg. AT YOUNG principles in Fundamental of the gospel, as outlined 9. HOMEBRIGHAM WELLS2. DANIEL HANMER and Mabel Harmer addresses. series of radio a 2.75 S. Hinckley Bryant

Y. Spencer Clarissa 2.7598e Reg.

Reg. 2.7598c

3. FATAL DECISION THE TO of the Donner (Story Party) 10. PRELUDEDOM WITNESS CHRIST FOR NEW KING18. A Dr. Stookey Walter

Larsen O. Gustive Reg. 1.7598c

I 3.50—98c Reg. IN Vols. AMERICA, and II

4. TRUTH OF POWER

11. THE FOR MORSCOUTING Jordan G. William Francis W. Kirkham THE GREAT ON MONS 1.5098c Reg.

FRONTIER evidence Volume I gives of Divine Power in the Ephraim Hanks5. A. and Sydney THE SUN MIDNIGHT UNDER

Zobell Albert II the forth"of of 98c "coming Book Mormon. Volume Reg. THE DESERT WAS 2.0098c 12. HOW of the presents theories origin of the Book of Mormon FAITH6. ARTICLES OF TAMED

John A. Widtsoe E. Talmadge James by nonbelievers. $2.75 each

Reg. 1.5098c leather, Reg. 6.00—4.00maroon

7. JESUS THE CHRIST 13. RASHA THE JEW

James E. Talmadge B. H. Roberts DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Reg. 7.00-4.50 Reg. 1.7598c 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Add 10c per pook for postage and handling

Please send books circled:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18

( ) Check ( ) Money Order for $ (P'ldel cttitenievillu Su <j({ait \ ( ) Charge to my Account.

Name,

State. Zone Deseret Street or R.F.D Co. CityBooh

sales percent tax. 44 Fast South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah only. on Sale books Add 10cResidentsper bookof Utahmailingaddcost2

JANUARY 1954 39 RESPONSIBILITIES OF STARE PRESIDENCIES Priesthoodtion appearsHandbook,in the p. Melchizedek10:

It is the duty of the stake presidency to

Stake President Chairman of Priesthood Handbook, p. 13, as folsupervise Melchizedek Priesthood quorums.

Stake Melchizedek Priesthood lows: No stake president should permit a quorum

Committee togivingmarkserioustime thoughtmonth afterand attentionmonth withoutto the weekly council meeting should be con- A

If officers will duties required of quorums.

to discuss ducted current problems and others serve conscientiously, not then to order the of the make program of the various needs to dequorums and ability selected the be and should have who In function effectively, Church more of termine activity stimulating means and the presidencies, inclination. Stake with

effectively nearly years the introducing following two ago and through General are charged of councilors, the high help all projects to on assignments and Authorities that decided stake the this of following responsibility the the with up president is to serve as chairman of various quorums. labor to see that every man who is given

the stake Melchizedek Priesthood proper authority performs his duty.

concould This committee meeting

I committee. reason that the The stake veniently or stake precede the follow throughout presidencies All stake president rather of than the one counpresidency's regular council weekly that the to see are urged the Church selors for that chosen was position meeting. juristheir presidents under quorum stated the was by General Authorities

as follows: diction hold weekly presidency meetGeneral Jurisdiction of Stake ings, weekly group or quorum meetIn order that closer coordination may Presidency ings, monthly quorum business meetbe had in the assignments of the stake ings, and magnify their callings in

Melchizedek Priesthood committee the and his president two The stake and all respects.

stake welfare especially committee, in emcounselors of stand the at the head ployment placement work, it is desirable that the stake president personally be the stake, having jurisdiction over every Various Responsibilities of Stake active chairman of the stake Melchizedek organization within the boundaries Presidencies

Priesthood committee. of the stake; therefore, the wards,

auxiliary the organizations, the miscog- presidencies be should Stake this arrangement Under one new sionary the work, genealogical work, to see of responsibility their nizant is to as of serve counselor chairman the welfare the program, Church and all officers stake the that and ward stake the Aaronic Priesthood compriesthood their quorums are under jurisdiction obover they have whom mittee the other counselor and is jurisdiction. PriestMelchizedek The properly, serve the pay Sabbath day to of the the be chairman stake comstates hood that Handbook (p. 10) of a full tithing, observe the Wordmitee for senior members of the "in connection seventy's with the prayers, attend hold family Wisdom, Priesthood.Aaronic

quorums this control is exercised in conference sessions and their meetings collaboration First with the their Council regularly, deal honorably with

Stake Melchizedek Priesthood of the Seventy."presidents "The neighbors, and keep the other comCommittee of stakes are called upon to collaborate mandments of the restored gospel in

First the with in Council... keeping that order exthey might set worthy

It is of the the stake presiduty of seventy well organized the quorums to those amples work. they with whom

to organize stakedency a Melchizedek the stakes."(Ibid., It within 19.) p. Also, responsivarious the among

Priesthood committee, composed of is to be understood that the seventies bilities of stake presidencies are the the stake as president chairman "and presidents, as all well as ofother following: in are to approve They

as of the council high members many ficers of the priesthood are quorums, general the expenditure of quorum as are necessary, in case fewer but no to subject the of supervision general funds, to direct the ordinations than three."(Melchizedek Priestthe stake presidency. elders and high priests, to select andofhood Handbook, p. 11.) The chairman of the committee sees that the Stake Presidency and Melchizedek setquorums,apart tothesetpresidenciesapart the counselorsof elders

committee's secretary receives reports Work in the presidencies of high priestsfrom quorum secretaries, which requorums, to choose members and alports are compiled on a stake report The General Authorities desire to of high councils ternate members the approvedand by chairman stake beremind the presidencies once all activities. direct of their and Theyfore to sent being the general Melagain that they a definite have to reare initiative take the for the

chizedek Priesthood committee. sponsibility toward every Melchizedek dination of seventies and selectingorof

It is advisable for the stake MelPriesthood quorum within their stake presidents of seventies quorums, which chizedek Priesthood committee to bounds and thereby indirectly toward ordination and setting apart are done hold weekly committee meetings, as every priesthood holder. It should by one of the General Authorities of

is pointed out in the Melchizedek be recalled that the following instructhe Church who has been duly 40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

authorized. They are to make full the responsibility of stake presidencouncils in supervising the various

preparations for stake quarterly concies to further the missionary proorganizations and activities of their ferences in their respective stakes, and, gram in foreign fields. stakes. By so doing marked progress

under the direction of the visiting and efficiency in all the organizations

General Authority, conduct the conSelecting Personnel for Stake of the stake will be attained; and this

ference sessions. And at all times Work will result in the Saints'adhering

they are to be subject to directions more closely to the commandments.

from the First Presidency and the Since bishops of wards and their It is a known fact that people will other General Authorities. counselors, as well as all other stake readily respond to good leadership

and ward officers, are accountable to that knows in which direction it is

Stake Melchizedek Priesthood the stake presidency, the stake presigoing; and the First Presidency and

Meetings and Priesthood Leaderdency has the right to select any its associates look to the stake presiship Meetings person in the stake and assign him dencies to supply that leadership.

or her to do stake missionary work or

It is the policy of the Church for to any other job. It is desirable that Appreciation Expressed to Stake

the stake presidencies to direct a twothe stake presidency consult with the Presidencies hour combined monthly stake Melbishopric of the ward concerned when chizedek Priesthood meeting and selections of persons to do stake work The General Authorities express priesthood leadership meeting in each are made; however, bishoprics should deep appreciation to all the stake

stake. Exceptions to this rule are recognize the fact that they are acpresidencies throughout the Church

made only with the consent of the countable to the stake presidency and for your diligent and faithful servGeneral Authorities in cases where should readily submit to the desires ices to the cause of righteousness, scattered conditions in stakes make it of their superior officers. By so doand we encourage you to continue to

advisable to hold these meetings no ing unity will prevail throughout the perform your duties and to magnify oftener than once each quarter. This stakes of Zion among the priesthood your callings to the best of your

monthly meeting affords the stake holders and officers. This will reabilities, endeavoring to have every

presidency an opportunity to meet sult in progression and strength in organization within your stake bounds with the priesthood quorums and the cause of building the kingdom of function as near to perfection as postransact such business as is necesGod. sible. If these things are done, the

sary in the best interest of the priestSaints will live more closely to the hood program and activity of the Use of High Councils by Stake requirements of the gospel of Jesus stake; however, it should be kept in Presidencies Christ and the Church will continue

mind that this meeting does not reto grow in strength, power, and place the monthly quorum meetings. Stake presidents are advised to righteousness. Thus, a great and

make extensive use of their high marvelous work will be accomplished. (See Ibid., pp. 3741.)

Stake and Foreign Missionary Work

One of the important responsibiliNEW APPROACHES TO BOOR OF MORMON STUDY ties of stake presidencies is to organize and direct stake missionary work (Concluded from page 32) any other way. Such "evidence"only

and push forward vigorously that to come to an agreement regarding does harm.

program. Stake presidents select and just what they have found. Until

recommend to the First Presidency they reach a concensus our condition (To be continued) presidents stake mission who unsatisfied remains two above are set number Bibliography Authorithe General one of apart by Finally there unsettled. and the issue

ties. However, the counselors to the are doubtful bits of evidence put forth "Thus Housman, op. cit., I, Ixv: "Now

stake mission presidents are set apart as proof, but which were better left where all mss give nonsense and are thereby stake presidencies. Stake missionalone. Thus while the Book of Morforewhichcorrupt,give thethoseworstmssnonsense,are to becausebe preferredthey

aries, recommended by bishoprics, mon says that mountains rose and are likely to be the the least interpolated."

are called into the service by stake fell during the great earthquake, the Cf. ibid. V, xxxiiiff.

presidencies, and they are to see that presence of the Rocky Mountains 20This aspect of the Book of Mormon is the missionaries are released from all does not prove a thing, since the the subject of a thesis written by Mr. Robert

other Church duties so that they may Book of Mormon does not pretend K.21FranklinThomas atS. ReedHarris,CollegeJr., inThe1947.Book of

devote their full churchservice time for a moment that mountains were Mormon Message and Evidences (Salt Lake to the missionary cause. It is also never formed at any other time or in City: Deseret News Press, 1953).

JANUARY 1954 41 ThePresiding

Priesthood's Place in the Church

said, "Bishop, it is rather unusual that a them the fundamentals of the gospel ward your size would need a basketball and also impress upon them that they gym large enough to accommodate a are, in all reality, the servants of alstake."In fact, he wanted a basketball mighty God.

floor of the regular college size. Well, There is one thing that I constantly

we discovered that this good man had think about. We speak of these young

gone off on a "basketball tangent."All men under the age of twentyone as

of the other important activities in the being boys. I hope the day will come

ward had been forgotten. He was in the Church when we will refer to the

emphasizing basketball. What he young men under twentyone years of

should have been emphasizing first was age who hold the Aaronic Priesthood of the priesthood of God. He should have God as "young men."They are young

been directing the attention of young men. They are men in the sight of

men who carry upon their shoulders God because he saw fit to bestow upon the divine mantle of authority to the them the divine gift of his priesthood.

necessity of rendering service to God. Now, I want to say to you that when a

But he had basketball on his mind. young man at the age of twelve receives

Well, now, as I said in the beginning, the Aaronic Priesthood, he is in the

L. Wirthlin Joseph

Presiding Bishop itfirst.has its place, but priesthood comes beginningof God. Thatof manhood.is the thingHethatis 3weservantwant

I am not hesitant in saying to you, to impress upon these young men, and if we do that, I am sure they will live"Drethren, we appreciate your labors my beloved Aaronic Priesthood fellow and your interest in this great workers, that because of your multilives that are compatible with the offices

Aaronic Priesthood plan of the Church. plicity of duties and responsibilities, which they hold.

I want to say to you emphatically if you cannot get around to do everyThis reminds me of an experience I that priesthood in this Church comes thing that you should, see that the had in the New York Stake some few first. It is not superseded by any other priesthood of God is taken care of years ago when, in the morning sesactivity or organization. It takes first first. If that is done, I assure you that sion of our stake conference, a deacon

place. The priesthood of God was rein your wards and stakes there will was asked to address the congregation.

stored before the Church was organized. be a higher degree of activity, a higher I remember he was particularly small,

The priesthood of God was restored degree of spirituality, there will be a and as he stood back of the pulpit, you before we had all of the great auxiliaries greater attendance in sacrament meetcould hardly see his head. This is what

that are helps to the priesthood. I hope ing, there will be a finer and a sweeter he said, and I have never forgotten it,

spirit in that appreciahad your wards. There is no quesbecause boy a warm all presidencieswith that you my heart

it. for his tion in heart about the priesthood will give your Priesthoodof the Aaronic

first consideration to your priesthood We are distinctly different from the which he held. He lived a life that

responsibilities. other religious organizations of the was compatible with his priesthood.

There are some instances where some world because we proclaim to all men He said, "You know, brethren and of our brethren forget the"priesthood that we have divine authority restored sisters, I live here in a great city, the and get off on tangents. I know in their from on high in these the last days. largest and the greatest city in the

minds that they think these particular Because of that authority we have sacred United States. I go to a school which

courses they pursue are right; I feel that duties to perform: To proclaim to the thousands of other boys and girls my

they are sincere. But I want to say to whole world that the gospel of the Lord age attend. I see many of them using

you, for example, that if we get off on Jesus Christ has been restored in these tobacco in the form of cigarets. It is

a basketball tangent, we may lose sight the last days. God commands his not an uncommon experience to have

of our priesthood work and its activities. priesthood to warn their neighbors, to them come and offer me a cigaret. They

I realize that basketball has its place teach them the gospel of the Lord Jesus never offer me a cigaret and the temptain the Church activity program, but it Christ. Upon the priesthood of this tion never comes across my path but

is not to be permitted to take the place Church rests the responsibility of seeing what there comes to my mind the of our Aaronic Priesthood work. that God's kingdom is built up, built thought, I am a deacon in the Church

I recall some few years ago that a up spiritually and temporally, wherever of the Lord Jesus Christ. I hold the

bishop came into our office. He prethe priesthood of God may have their priesthood. I am a servant of God. No,

sided over a comparatively small ward homes. And so priesthood comes first, I cannot take anything into my body

I think it had a membership of apand the priesthood of tomorrow, brethwhich will taint it and separate me from of toSpirit Priesthood Father."the Melchizedek the heavenly of my in ren,proximately 250 came members—he

of Priesthood is the Aaronic morrow, keen apyoung had a fine, That man hall a recreation to erectand wanted large enough to accommodate a stake. today. They will not be any more preciation of what it meant to hold the

We could not quite understand it and qualified nor efficient, neither will they priesthood of our heavenly Father. Now

be built up any more spiritually than we hope that every deacon and teacher at the Bishop's conference delivered *Address held you and I train them today and teach and priest in the Church, whether he is evening, 2, 1953. Octboer Friday the Tabernacle,in

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

under the age of 21 or over, will have gram of priesthood and gospel educaents the boys take advantage of their that same keen, fine appreciation of tion. priesthood opportunities. Now that is

what it means to be a servant of our A young man, in order to achieve an the positive side.

heavenly Father. And I am sure if that individual award, is expected to attend Of course, in all great projects, there

is done, as a priesthood group in this sacrament meeting at least fifty percent is a positive and a negative side. Thank

Church, we will set a great example to of the time; he is to attend at least God the positive side of the priesthood

the rest of the world. seventyfive percent of priesthood meetwork comes from the heavens. But un-

I often think of the words of the Lord ings; he is to be a full tithepayer; he fortunately the negative side comes from

to the Prophet Joseph where he said to is to keep the Word of Wisdom; and he him who would disrupt all men in their

this people, to this priesthood, both is expected to fill throughout the year loyalty to the Lord Jesus Christ, namely

Melchizedek and Aaronic: at least thirtysix priesthood assignSatan. Now there is a negative side

ments if he is a priest or teacher, and at and I think that to be realistic we should

Arise and shine forth, that thy light may least fortyeight priesthood assignments draw it to your attention because posbe I a standard for the nations. (D. & C. if that is a can sibly say to you he know you deacon. May you can help—I

115:5.) to for exas these encourage young in overcoming some difficulties; men we

I want to assure you, my beloved avail themselves of achieving an indiample, in this Church we have 7395 brethren, that if there was ever a time vidual award, we are teaching them deacons overage (age 15 to 21). In other

are teaching them the words, 7395 deacons have gone on and in the history of the world when the the gospel. We

nations needed a standard, a light upon value of the priesthood of God by renon without receiving the office of a the hill, an example to follow, that dering service in it. That is the imteacher; 5434 overage teachers (17 to

time is now, this time of confusion, this portant thing about the individual 21), young men who have been ortime when men and women are engaged award program. dained to the office of a teacher and

in things that are evil and will lead Now, brethren, tonight we have had are beyond the age of a priest; and

them down the road to hell if they condemonstrated here the positive side of 4867 overage priests (age 19 to 21);

tinue. Consequently there needs to be the Aaronic Priesthood program, the and 8201 young men 12 to 21 who hold

a people, a covenanted people, where positive side, that which can be achieved no priesthood at all but are baptized the priesthood of almighty God is found if we will hold this monthly ward members of the Church. This is the

and where those holding the priesthood Aaronic Priesthood leadership meeting negative side. This is the side where

are living lives compatible with the regularly, where the president of the we have failed. These young men have

offices which they hold. That people Aaronic Priesthood of the ward will sit passed by without receiving the proper

is here. That people is here in the tops down, with his counselors and all of attention and the stimulation to avail

of the mountains, these the mountains the Aaronic Priesthood workers, and go themselves of all the opportunities of that the old prophet, Isaiah, spoke of over the roll and literally take inventory the priesthood of God. That is the

of stock Priesthood the Aaronic the tragedy.

said he that in the last days the of when is, find each boy ward; what out where Members of the Aaronic Priesthood the house of Lord

he is doing, and if he is absent send over twentyone increase your work be-... shall be established in the top of someone out to bring him in, literally yond measure because, as this demonthe mountains, and shall be exalted above to bring back the sheep or the lamb stration indicated tonight, the presiall hills; shall flow the unto nations and is straying. it. that the Savior Remember Priesthood, the Aaronic dency of the shall say, people go and Come And many said Peter: to the Apostle of are to visit all bishopric, expected let of ye, us to the the mountain go up and

of to of the Jacob; the Lord, to house God brethren these persuade them and

of lovest Jonas, son thou Simon, more me of his will us ways, teach and he and we if activity. into back come we Now these? saith Yea, him, than Lord; unto He (Isa. 2:2-3.) will in his paths. walk deacon through every from can follow thee. that saith I love thou knowest He

him, unto lambs. Feed until my a is ordained deacon time he the you, responsibility devolves upon That

to saith time, the second again him He elder, office of receives then the he we and it devolves brethren, me, upon my of lovest Jonas, thou Simon, son me? He

It will responsibilities. our met have priesthood of the saith every Yea, him, unto knowest Lord; thou upon member

to live lives and to walk in the paths that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed then be an evidence that priesthood

sheep. if first. brethren, that, comes we do And the my that of to the end Jacob's God time, third Simon, saith the unto him He will vast the eliminate then numbers we will example, seeing be glad world, our lovest of Peter was thou Jonas, son me?

senior are that of the becoming members thereafter. third said to the follow grieved unto because he him

group. said unto time, he Lovest thou And me? are, Priesthood, in the Aaronic There

all things; thou Lord, thou knowest him, I think of an experience I had Now, of twentythe age under young men I saith thee. unto love Jesus that knowest

conference. a stake in The bishopric these 21:1517.) 60,996. sheep. Of numbering one (John him, Feed my

60,996 during the year 1952 there were called upon a certain man who was a 14,721 individual awards achieved, or Brethren, if we love the Lord Jesus deacon, visited with him, got his confiapproximately twentythree percent. We Christ, we are obligated to keep care dence, and then finally returned and

think it is wonderful that 14,721 of of these young men under the age of said, "Brother, we want you to accept these young men achieved individual twentyone. Seek them out, individualthe office of president of a senior deaawards, but actually that is only twentyly; inspire them to activity in the cons quorum."The man hesitated, "I'm

three percent of the total of over priesthood of God. If there are condinot capable; I haven't the ability. I

approximately 61,000. Now this individtions in the homes over which these haven't had experience enough to preual award program is not a program boys have no control, if there are parside over a quorum of senior deacons."

of glamour; it is not one that is ents who are indifferent, then you are Nevertheless they prevailed upon him,

competitive; but rather it is a proresponsible to see that in spite of par- (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1954 43 PRIESTHOOD'S PLACE IN THE CHURCH reportspriesthoodthe andabsenteessacramentfor thatmeetings.day at

The stake chairman immediately calls (Continued from preceding page) ward teaching, etc. I have had several

the report to President Noble Waite, is presidents ask me, the to stake "What the call accepted and wentand he of president the stake. President Waite secret? I it?"they do How do advisers to the am his counselors, withwork

senior deacons, and organized a quorum. going to tell you how they do it with has the record of every Aaronic Priest-

I heard that man in a priesthood leaderthe Aaronic Priesthood, those under the hood boy in the stake Sunday night by ship meeting in that stake declare that age of 21. 11:30 p.m. Then President Waite or

one of the greatest moments and one Every Sunday evening, every ward one of his counselors or members of the of the greatest opportunities that came secretary of the Aaronic Priesthood unstake committee calls the bishop or into his life was when his good bishop, der 21 calls the stake chairman and visits him during the coming week and a man of God, literally "came to my door and 'reclaimed'me."He said,

"I feel that he was inspired to come to my door and give me this high and holy calling."That man appreciatedthe priesthood to the extent that to he rear Ljoa, avtcl Work Arard

called as the president of a deacon's quorum was a high and holy calling, Richard L. Evans

and brethren, it was. It doesn't matnrf-HERE is no one we know of who is free from problems.

ter office in the hold we so much what -* Most of us at times have difficult situations to solve.

it it It is is holy, sacred,priesthood.

But there are some who succumb to adverse circumstancesis a high calling because it comes from

God. And this good man said, "It is more easily than others (sometimes on the assumption that

the greatest blessing that has ever come nothing can be done). And there are some who refuse to

into my life."give up easily—and often by their own efforts (and with

There are approximately nine hunhelp that comes from outside themselves) somehow manage dred new Aaronic Priesthood quorums to bring things about. Fortunately, there is something to

and groups in the Church because we be done about almost everything that ought to be done.

are now following the revelation given Often there is no set formula, no fixed solution; but if men

to the Prophet Joseph Smith found in have the will to do, the will to work, the will to keep faith,the 107th Section of the Doctrine and

Covenants where it was indicated there the will to follow through, many things are solved which should be so many deacons in a deaat first seemed to be without solution. There is little evicons quorum and so many teachers in a dence that the Father and Creator of us all intended any of

teachers quorum and so many priests us to live without effort or without solving some things for in a priests quorum. These eighty thouourselves. And one measure of the strength of a man is his

sand men are now being organized into willingness to see things through. There is nothing that

quorums as the revelation indicated over was ever made or built or solved, or provided or improved a hundred years ago. As a result of without the willingness of someone to stay with it, the willthis quorum organization they feel they ingness of someone to work. No doubt the Lord God couldbelong to something; they feel they have

responsibility; they feel they are servants have made life easy for us all if such had been his plan and

of God. I sincerely hope that, as rapidly purpose. He could so have surrounded us, could so have

as these senior members of the Aaronic provided, that we could have lived all but effortlessly. He

Priesthood qualify, they will be called could have cast us into a sort of waxen pattern of perfection, upon to render the service of a deacon, such as might have satisfied a Madame Tussaud. But he has

a teacher, or a priest, that if it is posgiven us something infinitely greater than a frozen perfection.

sible in the ward to find enough senior He has given us eternal principles, freedom, the right to work, to passdeacons the sacrament that the right to learn, (even the right to make mistakes if we privilege their occasionallyshould be incentive to succeed, withbecause they hold that authority. If must), the right to fail—and the

there are enough who qualify to go out glorious promises and privileges and possibilities. He has

and do ward teaching, that should be given us the pattern of perfection, and the way to approach their privilege because that is their diit, without summarily pushing us into the pattern. And with

vine call. And when priests qualify, our sincere willingness he is ever ready with his help. And

they should have the privilege of blesswith our willingness we can accomplish much, both with ing the emblems of the Last Supper ourselves and our surroundings. In short, the Lord God

and of performing the ordinance Of does not expect of us perfection, but he does expect of us an baptism. these experiences Through honest effort. He expects us to develop and to demonstrate

to callthey will develop I choose what the "priesthood heart"in which heart our ability to bring things about. And for the youth of a

there is a love for God and his purposes generation that may have something yet to learn about the and a desire to serve him and keep his blessing of willing work, may we take from Livingstone of commandments. Africa, these profound five words: "Fear God, and work hard."

Now one more point in conclusion, is that constantlyand this: There comes

to the inquiry as to us how the South PRESENTEDZJlie SpokenOVER KSL ANDWordTHE COLUMBIAFROM templeBROADCASTINGsquare

Los Angeles Stake, headed by President SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 15, 1953

Noble Waite, is able to achieve so Copyright, 1953 highly in Aaronic Priesthood work, and 44 "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA confers on all serious cases of inactivity, and a course of procedure is determined THE CONTINENTAL STYLIST upon from that point. The bishop and

his counselors are expected to take care of absentees of one week, working with and through the quorum advisers and quorum presidencies. To many of us,

this would seem to be a very strenuous program for the stake president to follow, to have all of the Aaronic Priesthood absentees reported to him every COMBINATION DOOR

Sunday night no later than 11:30 p.m.Now, that is a strenuous program. But SCREEN and STORM

the point is that the South Los Angeles

Stake excels in Aaronic Priesthood in the Church because when a boy is abBEAUTY sent only once, once on Sunday from OF DESIGN his priesthood or meeting from sacrament meeting, there is someone to find styles distinctive the shown! Compare out why.

other comof these and many Now, brethren, I am sure that this All binations to available by are you priesthood plan as outlined is not a simply choosing the grids you desire difficult one. It is a simple one, it is and applying them to the basic door!

built select of wood, by will enjoyable a follow one most if we is the per- a DEC-O-DOR craftsmen—Carefully it. there to say that I want to you

style of is fect to exevery companion no greater joy than working with these young men and saving their souls, for as Elbert Hubbard said, "Boys are made of soulstuff."And the "soulstuff"ofthe future Melchizedek Priesthood of terior.X

this Church, of bishops, stake presidencies, and of General Authorities is CONVENIENCE in your hands. I ask you, "What are

you going to do with it?"I know what The DEC-O-DOR consists of a basic door

you are going to do with it; you are and TWO SETS of panels—screen for sumyear- means winter—

minChanges in a going to prize it as the most precious meraroundandcomfortglass forforyou.

possession in your hands. ute—only six screws to loosen. The grids

God bless you, God sustain you and are easily removed for painting and are inspire you in his work to the end that spaced from the glass for cleaning.

those who bear the priesthood, and particularly our young men, will be a light on the hill, an example to all the world,

I humbly pray, in the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.

MODERATELY PRICED Exclusive patented manufacturing methods are employed and the savings are

Actually you. on to a DEC-O-Special Judge passed

over other types you DOR saves 60% of storm doors. Fits any standard lVs-

(Continued from page 25) inch door jamb—no need to add costly

just not lose hope. Will you do someand unsightly frame parts.

thing with me?"ASK YOUR LOCAL

Somehow the firmness in Miss LUMBER DEALER

Morten's voice brought a feeling of calmness to Louisa, and she shook her head affirmatively at the woman's Your Storm Door expresses the "personality"of your home. You

question. Individual

is personality cgn be sure that "Fine,"Miss Morten said with a Screens friendly and in good taste...

smile. "Pray with me silently—and for by choosing a DEC-O-DOR! Apwe'll both have faith that all will be controlled plying the finish of your choice,

well."ventilation you can add charm and that perwill the which sonal touch, match rather chilled but excited group A

rest of of the your home.

of the finish students again at assembled hotel in Lancaster. They had dinner together, but Louisa was unable

to eat had, She however, much. - MERRILL & CO.firmly to resolved not let her MORRISON now

(Concluded on following page) BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS

JANUARY 1954 45 I

SPECIAL JUDGE

(Concluded from preceding page) where with Miss Morten. Sarah centered in faith, to her place beside

own tragedy mar the evening for the turned from the curtain. "Oh, Louisa, the shining instrument. Then with

other contestants. don't cry, Hon. This is just about her hands resting on the strings she

At the end of the meal, one of the the meanest thing I've ever heard lowered her head for an instant.

boys stood up. "I want to make an happening to anyone."SympaNever did a more thankful prayer

important motion,"he said, his dark thetically she approached her friend, come from a human heart, a prayer eyes looking straight at Louisa. "I then stopped short. "Ohoh, here for the goodness of God through peomove that an award be given right they come—ple like Madame Tingesky—for the

now—award for the best sport I've Louisa mopped at her eyes and active, strong faith of those like Miss

ever seen—and let's give it to Louisa looked up. Beside Miss Morten stood Morten.

Brandon."Germina Tingesky, more lovely than Louise played with graceful artistry.

The enthusiastic cheers brought Louisa had ever imagined and now She felt that she must give her best some pink into Louisa's drawn face. looking at her with immense dark to this lovely harp. The award no

At the auditorium the participants eyes full of kindness and sympathy. longer seemed the important matter,

were assigned to dressing rooms. Miss Morten spoke. "Madame but sharing the beauty of this inLouisa tried to help the other girls Tingesky, this is Louisa Brandon, our strument with the audience before

in their preparations, as if by makschool harpist. She is the young her—that was the thing. In a quick

I spoke. Her harp is flash it seemed to Louisa that she ing them look their best, she would lady of whom

at least have a part in the activities. out on the highway."could understand the goodness that

Sarah Martin squeezed the disapMadame Tingesky looked at Louisa had come through her anxiety of it all somepointed girl's hand sympathetically, thoughtfully. "My dear, dry your the day, and that out of

is here in the music thing shone much brighter than opwhen the latter had finished arrangtears. My harp

ing the flutist's dark brown curls. room. I shall have it brought down, portunity or a feeling for success it tonight."humility and faith—they outweighedLouisa herself was lovely in a long and you may play on

blue evening frock, her golden hair Louisa met her gaze, her own eyes all else.

high on her head. Sarah sighed as full of wonderment. Finally, she The audience sat enthralled, both

she thought how lovely Louisa would tried to speak: "Madame Tingesky, at the beautiful picture before them

have looked beside her own majestic it is too much. I—I read how careful and at the sweetness of the musicharp. you are about the harp—I—that permeated the air. Their apMiss Morten went through rather Madame Tingesky raised one plause was hearty.

hurriedly, but did stop long enough hand to silence her. "Do you realize When the intermission was called

to pat Louisa lightly on the shoulder that you have given me a great in which the judges were to make and say: "You're giving a splendid privilege? The first fundamental of their decision, Louisa hurried out of

performance right now, my dear."a true artist is to have feeling in his the wings to find Madame Tingesky.

heart. Do you believe that I do not Going down the steps into the audiAt last everyone was ready. Sarah feel for you in your disappointment, torium proper, she met the artist

and Louisa went out to peek through in your eagerness to play this evehurrying toward her. Her eyes were

at curtainthe the audience. Toward ning? the shining and she put her arms Take around harp. Now go—the the back of auditorium a group listening shall be out there "I musician: the young proud, own to my am

had gathered around a tall, stately harp sing under your fine fingers."Louisa, proud that anyone so gifted

woman with jet black hair. She was She took the girl's hands in her own should have used my harp. You must

in evening clothes, a rich fur cape and pressed them firmly. Then she study hard, you have a great future

around her shoulders. She was signleft with Miss Morten to return to ahead of you. Now, do not tell me

ing programs for various people who her place in the auditorium. 'thank you'—I read it in your eyes,

were thrusting them toward her. The high school musicians did well and your fine music was gratitude

Louisa grabbed Sarah Martin's arm that night. The audience felt that enough, I assure you. The judges

excitedly: "Sarah, that's Germina the judges were going to have a hard are ready. Now we shall see if ITingesky, the great worldrenowned task in making the selections. Uncle am right—

harpist! She looks exactly like her Marv sat in his place, his eyes eager "Of the three awards, two will be

pictures! Why, she's going to attend for the time when his young niece presented to students at Field Acres

our program tonight. Sarah, isn't would take her place on the platHigh School and the other to Mason

she wonderful?"Then quickly form. He did not know she was District School,"the chairman anLouisa turned from the curtain, her playing the instrument belonging to nounced. "Will those named please

handkerchief to her eyes. the world's most famous woman come out on the platform? Violin:

Sarah was still peering avidly harpist. Toby Parkin, Field Acres High School.

through the hole in the curtain. At last the curtain was raised on Cello: Doris Kenniston, Mason Dis-

"Louisa, look, our own Miss Morten a magnificent golden harp. A sound trict School. Harp: Louisa Brandon,

is talking to her now."of amazement was heard over the Field Acres High School."

Louisa did not answer, but this auditorium at the sheer beauty of the As Louisa went forward to accept did not stop Sarah's enthusiastic wordinstrument. Louisa Brandon, raised her award she could hear in the midst

byword description of the situation. to the pinnacle of gratitude for the of the applause a "Bravo, Louisa,"and

Breathlessly she reported; "She has great. gift made to her this night, that she knew came from her Uncle

left the others and has gone somewalked in a newfound humility that Marv—her own special judge.

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On

(Continued from page 10) Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin

spoke to the subject "God Bless America"on the transcribed "Faith in Action"radio series of the National FAST

Broadcasting Company. Music was by

the Mormon Choir of Southern California.

Elder Raymond J. Pace sustained aspresident of the Farr West (Utah) Stake, STARTS

with Elders George E. Knight and

Merrill Leroy Petersen as his counselors.

They succeed President Wilmer J. Maw

and his counselors, Elders Arthur G.Pledger and Almon D. Brown. ANYTIME

j J It was announced that the division *- "of religion at Brigham Young UniSW - ""-W%F versity had been reorganized. Dr. Sid- [:.:.'-::'-

ney B. Sperry has been appointed director of graduate studies in religion,

and Dr. B. West Belnap has been appointed as director of undergraduate

division of religion for a oneyear period. This office is to be rotated among

staff members of the undergraduate division. Previously Dr. Sperry was

director of religious instruction.

1 K President Stephen L Richards of MTH UTOCO GASOLINE

First the Presidency dedicated the chapel...Now Seasonized for Winter of the Third Malad Ward, Malad

(Idaho) Stake.

seasonized gasoline brings you champion car President Stephen L. Smith, formerly UTOCO

first counselor in the Malad (Idaho) performance regardless of the season.

Stake presidency, sustained as president It's refinery balanced four times each year to meet of the Malad Stake, succeeding Presithe driving requirements of each season. Right now UTOCO

dent Samuel A. Hendricks. Sustained gasoline is refined for quick starts, flashing pickup. It's the

as President Smith's counselors were best gasoline we've ever produced—in our 44year history.Elders Moyle E. Facer and Merlin R.

Bastian. Elder Facer was second counselor in the retiring stake presidency.

Calgary (Alberta) Stake organized in

First,Canada with Calgary Calgary Let's GO...

Second, Claresholm, Stavely and wardsand the High River Branch taken from (urpcothe Lethbridge Stake; Rosemary Ward with UTOCO!

and Brooks Branch taken from the East

Lethbridge Stake; and Red Deer Branch

from the Western Canadian Mission. UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

Stake membership is approximately 2400. Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner sustained as president of Calgary Stake,

Elderswith Charles Ursenbach and GRIND your own FLOUR and CEREAL

Frank Hinman Pitcher as his counselors.

Barnwell, Lethbridge LethSecond, MILL V WHEATA necessity in every L.D.S. homebridge Third, Taber First, and Taber

... is stored transferred wardsSecond from East Lethgrinds corn wheat, and all $g50 Thiswheremill crackswheatorbridge Stake to Stake. Lethbridge The

name of Burdett Branch, East Lethbridge PostageTax Paidand kindscereal. of Alsohard peanutor softbutter.grains. HopperGrinds holdsflour l!4or

Stake, was changed to Grassy Lake Anywherein U.S. or pounds. Fully guaranteed by Pehrson Hardware.

Branch as it was transferred to LethCanada bridge Stake. "MailPEHRSONThisHARDWARECoupon"CO.

East Lethbridge Stake was discon2102PleaseS. 11thsendEast,me oneSalt WheatLake City,Mill.UtahInclosed is

tinued. The stake presidency consist- $6.50 check or money order.

ing of President Grant Goddard Woolley Name and his counselors, Elders Elmo Eugene AddressCity

Fletcher and John Owen Steed, were State (Concluded on page 48) 2102 So. Tlth East Salt Lake City, Utah

JANUARY 1954 47 The Church Moves On

{Concluded from page 47) sustained as the presidency of the Lethbridge Stake, succeeding President Octave W. Ursenbach and his counselors,

Elders Francis C. Russell and Reed

C. Ellison. Membership of the Leth4500. about is now

B. Lee and Mark E. Only WESTERN serves bridgeEldersStakeHarold

all the Sun Country! Petersenwere in chargeof the ofCouncilthis reorganization.of the Twelve

-J a A reception in the Bee Hive

A "House, attended by leaders of

Church and state, honored Mrs. Ruth

May Fox, former general president of the YWMIA, on the one hundredth anniversary of her birth.

o-j It was announced that President "* Benjamin L. Bowring, retiring

president of the TexasLouisiana Mission, had been called by the First PresiVacation fun begins when you dency as president of the Hawaiian board Western Air Lines for... Mission, succeeding President Ralph

E. Woolley.

\ O Elder Mark E. Petersen of the

""Council of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of the Rockland Ward, American Falls (Idaho) Stake.

Elder Clifford 'E. Young, Assistant to

FUN CAPITAL OF THE WORLD! Take your choice of three fast, pressurthe Council of the Twelve, dedicated

ized Convair flights daily from Salt Lake Cityonly 1 hour, 45 minutes the chapel of the Tremonton Third nonstop! Ward, South Bear River (Utah) Stake.

Through the Eyes of Youth-

{Concluded from page 18) AMERICA'S SMARTEST DESERT PLAYGROUND! Only Western serves Palm proper attitude these less desirable

Springs—via fast, deluxe flights from both Las Vegas and Los Angeles. experiences can greatly enlarge your

understanding. An ancient philosthe deeper said, "The opher once L the heart, into carves sorrow wound

of that heart capacity the greater the it comes. And joy receive when to IfIII $ li II i 1 if

: 'for yourself preparing of all, be last

I the time when you can return home

ROMANTIC MEXICO CITY! All the way by DC6B. Western is your skyway to be capable and worthy of being

to Los Angeles, where famed El International of Mexicana de Aviacion, called on a mission, for I know of no affiliate of Pan American World Airways, waits on the same ramp. better way to come back home and

Whatever your sun country choice—Southern California's Hollywood, make the readjustment. After an exPasadena or San Diego... Arizona's Phoenix or Tucson—fly there via perience of the kind you are shortly

Western Air Lines and make the most of your "second summer"! to have, I know of nothing better

that will climax and temper it to your good and prepare you to continue your life and purpose here than a =&>—

twoyear mission for the Church. All

of your bitter experiences can be turned into sweet ones. You will

find them a deeper joy in that life your army experience taught you was so dear. And so, "Lift up your eyes

that you may see and by seeing you might find lasting joy in life as it comes to you."

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Matthew Cowley

12) (Continued from page to speak the Your Church Universityfirst mission he learned

Maori language fluently, and he was enabled to translate the Doctrine and

Covenants and the Pearl of Great

Price into that tongue. He also reedited the Book of Mormon in Maori.

He was called by the Polynesians

Tumuaki (leader) in their great love and respect for him.

When he was called to preside over the New Zealand Mission January 18, 1938, he still remembered the language. He stayed with them this

time for eight years, returning September 6, 1945. He returned from

his two missions among the Polynesians with a deep love and respect for their integrity and faith. He was

sustained as a member of the CounIs As Close cil of the Twelve on October 5, 1945 in semiannual conference of the As Your Mailbox

Church, and was set apart on October 1 1 by President George Albert Smith, Yes, you can take college work right in the first to be ordained by him. He your home. Brigham Young University's

became known as the Apostle of the Home Study Bureau offers more than 225

Polynesians. courses by mail, each one carrying full Unito Zoology, credit, Accounting from In December 1946 Elder Cowley versity Enroll courses. religious including L.D.S.

was made president of the Pacific MisNOW. Clip and mail this coupon.

sion, similar to the European Mission in scope. The Pacific Mission includes:

the Hawaiian, Central Pacific, Sa- r moan, Tongan, Tahitian, New ZeaMail To land, and Australian missions. Late BRIGHAMBUREAU YOUNGOF HOMEUNIVERSITYSTUDY

in February 1947 he left for a tour PROVO, UTAH of the Hawaiian and Central Pacific Name missions, returning in time for April Street conference. Following his attendance City & State

at conference, he returned to visit Please send me without cost Brigham Young Univerthe Australian, New Zealand, Samoan, sity's Bureau of Home Study catalog.

Tongan, and Tahitian missions. He L.

desired to study the possibilities of greater use of the Hawaiian Temple Brigham Young University by the peoples of the Pacific through promotion of excursions and the gathPROVO, UTAH ering of their genealogies. He also

checked on the advisability of establishing Church schools in some of the

Pacific missions to improve educational standards of the Church members. IN THE GOSPEL NET

His services, held in the Tabernacle,

Wednesday, December 16, were most By Elder John A. Widtsoe

impressive. President McKay read

tributes to Brother Cowley that came from "the uttermost parts of the Faith Promoting, Inspiring world,"and stated that Brother Cowley was ready and prepared for death: Informative, Appealing

"We believe that death does not end the individual existence, of one who has thus lived, that he lives not only A book for family reading in the memory of friends as indicated (Concluded on following page) At all Church Bookstores

JANUARY 1954 49 ELDER MATTHEW COWLEY

(Concluded from preceding page) loved him for the integrity of his here today, not only in family, heart, for his devotion to duty, his through his children and children's willingness to serve, his obedience to children, but that his personality percounsel and to the direction of his sists."brethren."

President Clark said, "Matt was Bishop Rudd of the Fourth Ward not cut in the normal pattern of most spoke of his great work among the of us. He was his own pattern, rare Polynesian peoples and of his devogifts, rarely combined.... Place and tion and service to the sick, whom

authority never turned his head; he Brother Cowley constantly visited and

was the humble servant of all with blessed.

whom he associated.... He loved Besides his widow, Brother Cowley

mankind and mankind loved him."is survived by a daughter, Mrs. Jewell

He said further words of great com- (Val J.) Sheffield, Salt Lake City;

fort: "No righteous man ever leaves an adopted son, Duncan Meha Cowthis stage of existence until his work ley, 14, a native of New Zealand, and

Model 2D is finished."the following brothers and sisters:

Illustrated President Joseph Fielding Smith of Mrs. Joseph W. (Leona) Olsen,

the Council of the Twelve gave his Mrs. John L. (Carol) Dame, and Dr.

dayneS MUSIC CO. tribute through the beautiful and Hyde Cowley, all of Salt Lake City;

moving passage in Charles Matthew: Gloyd Cowley, dis- "Then Ogden is HEADQUARTERS shall the King say unto them Mrs. fudge; on his trict Brossard, Laura C.

FOR right hand, Come, ye blessed of my wife of Edgar B. Brossard, chairman,

Father, inherit the kingdom prepared US Tariff Commission, Washington for you from the foundation of the D. C; Mrs. Wayne C. (Elna) Austin,

world: Louis and Joseph Cowley, all of Los

DEMONSTRATIONS gave"Forme I meat:was anI washungred,thirsty, andand yeye christ,Angeles,Bethlehem,and Mrs. Pennsylvania.Lois Cowley Gilgave me drink: I was a stranger, and A stepmother, Mrs. Luella P. CowMODELS AVAILABLE FOR ye took me in."(25:3435.) ley, and two grandchildren, also surEVERY REQUIREMENT Then President Smith said, "We vive.

There's a Connsonata model available to fully satisfy every playing and installation church, school, requirement—forauditorium or THE TEMPLE CORNERSTONE

home. No other organ, electric

or electronic, offers so much in (Continued from page 8) learning, a house of glory, a house traditional organ tone, performance variety. and musical Come They also heard President Joseph of order, a house of God. (D. & C.

in 88:119; 109:8.) at your convenience—at no Fielding Smith open with a brief and obligation. These excerpts are from President prayer meaningful Eldred and G.

Smith, Patriarch to the Church, offer Richards'impressive prayer:

aijnes IHusic the benediction. O God, the eternal Father, thou who

President McKay read resolutions art the Begetter of our spirits, the Ruler of universe, the of the Designer our II 111 4547 SOUTH I I M lull HI H congratulatory MAIN and messages from 5afrateC/Yt/ lives, the of Bestower every and good 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO WASHINGTON v"i 1 2260 BLVD..OGDEN Governor the Knight of J. Goodwin gift, perfect before and in thee come we

state of California, Mayor Norris the humility of prayer. Thou knowest

Poulson of Los Angeles, and from the the occasion for our assembly and our

Los Angeles County Board of Superrejoicing. Thou hast witnessed the bevisors and from the City Council of ginnings of the noble structure which

MARCH OF DIMES Los Angeles. He also acknowledged thy people have resolved to erect to thy

the presence of the Mayors of Santa holy name as a house of the Lord. Thou

Monica and Beverly Hills and city seest that this day the cornerstone of the councilmen from Los Angeles and house is laid, symbolic of the compleother public officials and special high promise of consummation of the FIGHT tion of the foundations and of the

INFANTILE guests. great and glorious purpose it is to subPARALYSIS President McKay spoke of the layserve in thy holy work of the latter days.

ing of the cornerstone of the KirtAs we meet to tender to thee this token land Temple 120 years ago, and of of our gift to come, there wells up within our hearts praise and thanksgiving for other succeeding events in the buildall the providential circumstances which ing of Latterday Saint temples, each have brought this blessed day to us.

JANUARY 2-31 each a house of prayer, a house of And now, our Father, midway in the fasting, a house of faith, a house of process of construction we pause for this 50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sacred ceremony, and officially andreverently do we th s day lay the corHAVE YOUR CHILDREN SEEN nerstone of the temple to signify ourdeep gratitude for that which has been TUBBY accomplished and our firm resolution, with thy divine aid, to complete this noble structure; and as thy servants,

holding the Holy Priesthood, we devote, consecrate and dedicate this cornerstone with all that it represents and typifies, and these ceremonies, unto thee, as an offering from thy grateful people. We

pray thee to accept this offering and in thy providence to bring about the completion of this holy temple. As thou

hast done in the past, continue to pour out thy blessings upon those who labor and contribute to the consummation of this work. Let the progress of construction go forward without undue or

serious interruption. Bless all the workmen, the artisans, the artists, the architects, the draftsmen and the supervisors THE GOLDFISH?

with an increased measure of devotion asof their skill in the executionand functions. one signed May each be He's part of the fun of family dinner

imbued with the realization of the importance of his work—that he serves in in the C O F F E E SHOP

the interest of a great and holy cause...

These high purposes for this noble Special china, prices and souvenir menus for your children structure we reverently lay before thee, our Father. If it be thy will, may they

come to pass, we humbly pray, in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen. Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager

President Clark observed in his address: h&*s8&!&*

My brothers and sisters and friends:

It has been said that this temple is the largest temple that has been erected in this, the last dispensation. I believe,

President McKay, we can go still farther Jhe Jf/aaic l/L/ord and say that this is the largest temple erected for the purposes for which this temple has been erected, in the entire 1 vv<S?f-aSr*.;-:.Hit, *r

Christian era. The work which will J>f

disrapidly, apparently, be done here <? Printing, the essence > #

of the the knowledge appeared from of man's freedom'anttfe early Christians, and they had no temis a beacon which is, intelligence, of ple the kind this temple which u since the dark! has shed light purposes erected for the and for which

this temple has been erected. ages... Printing, magic today as

To the Latterday Saints, life is purfor centuries past, casts the poseful. We know that we existed besearchlight of truth into the

fore we came here. We know that our

existence hereafter will have a direct four corners of the earth for relationship with what we do here. We Americans, the best informed

know that after we leave here we shall 'people since time began... I l!

go on through eternity with the rewards hxi& in the Intermountain West,: u.

that which we merit. And we know in iowering beacon of printed

administering his rewards, not God will only be merciful, but will be filled with nCStruth is The Salt Lake Tribunal!

love.... &&''&& institution whose faithful Is,

?*& "*'reporting has established itsh

The laying of the Los Angeles TemiP"position as... '<r—

ple cornerstone was an impressive in satisfying occasion, broadcast and in as well as over Angeles Los ONE/* '"'< OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS *v KSL

Salt Lake City, and recorded and ie jialt fab IfMw* filmed for the future. 2LL

JANUARY 1954 iRiS PARKER Editor F amily

deal with the children needs a difis extremely active in Church and Your Family—ferent wardrobe from the woman who

civic organiaztions, or the working wife, or career girl. The casual, outdoor type who enjoys gardening and Best Dressed For Less outings with her husband and children will not dress like her less active,

Latterday Saint housewife of washable synthetics according to diextremely feminine cousin who does

Thetoday is faced with problems, many rections for the particular fabric. Benothing more strenuous for recreaas challenging as those which confore putting clothing in storage in off tion than driving the car downtown.

fronted the pioneer woman of our seasons, be sure it is clean. Moths Let your clothes tell part of the story

Church. True, she does not have to are not attracted to clean, lintfree of you, the individual.

clean and card and spin the wool woolens, but if there is danger of moth and weave it into material from which infestation, dust or spray closets with Is It in Harmony with Other to fashion a garment by hand. But DDT. Clothes?

she does have the problem of keeping Now that your clothes are in firsther family welldressed, often on an class condition, you will no doubt As you select a new article of income which is strained to the vanfind that you need fewer new ones clothing, ask yourself another quesishing point with high food costs and than you thought you would. Choose tion—how does it fit into my present

other demands of presentday living. any new addition with these conwardrobe! For example, would a new

With the problems of the growing siderations in mind: brown suit be a good investment? "It

family and the limited income in is becoming although I thought I mind, and in cooperation with exIs It Becoming? couldn't wear brown, and it doesn't

perts at the Utah State Extension cost quite as much as the gray one

IService, we are passing on a few sugTake stock of your personality I've had my eye on. However,

gestions to help the LDS homemaker traits and physical factors. Choose don't have brown accessories. I

need shoes, gloves, and bagwith one phase of her problem—that clothing that accentuates your good would

of making the most of her clothing points and camouflages your bad. and I'd like a new hat."The practidollar. Let your clothes point out your cal answer in this case, for the woman

personality highlights and be most on the limited clothing budget, would the let all, consider us of First stick to clothes life which can be lead. be to to the suitable The you

herself. of the homemakerwardrobe accessories. is current with a great worn home young mother who plans overall toIt some is wise make

before selecting anything new. Take

an inventory of your wardrobe. Bring:::

everything upto-date. Pay for a

few alterations, if necessary, to get good articles of clothing in condition where you will enjoy wearing them again. Keep everything in repair

buttons sewed on, hems adjusted, seamsrequires—andlet out orif takenthere in,areas garmentsthe case

you are sure you won't be wearing, put them aside to be remodeled for the little ones or give them away.

Don't have them cluttering your closets and tempting moths.

Clothing lasts longer if it is kept clean. Remove spots and stains immediately. 1 Send your unwashables

to a reputable dry cleaning establishment and wash cottons, linens, and

1"Stain Removal from Fabrics,"Farmers'Bulletin No.

Chemist, 1474,USby DepartmentMargaret S.of Furry,Agriculture.Assistant Textile—Photo by Harold M. Lambert

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Is It a Good Buy?

This brings us to our next point.

When you choose clothes, keep your clothing budget ever in mind. And

this consists of much more than the actual price of the article you are buying. Examine the material. Will

it hold up under repeated washings or cleanings? Will it wrinkle easily?

Will you enjoy wearing it year in and year out or will the style and color tire you? What about fashion

changes that might come up? Does

it have a good hem in case the skirt needs lengthening in a year or two?

Skirts are the shortest they have been in six years and may soon become longer again. Is it a fashion that is

dated? Remember the extreme padded

hips of a few years ago when the "new look"came in? The wide, wide

skirts held out by petticoats introduced two years ago? The latter Junein-January

are still popular but are not likely sweetbreakfastpeachestreat:and summercreamy

to be with us forever. It is smart good Wheat Hearts. Use your own

planning to buy with a view to wearhome-canned or storebought peaches. Delicious!

—oring a more.good suitPeopleor coatdo itforallfivethe yearstime

best dressed of the women—some it's a favorite to in- 2 to 1 If you're goingyou know.

dulge in a fad, don't make a big investment out of it. You will get your money's worth WHEAT HEARTS

out of your clothes if you make your choices wisely. Don't buy on the This creamy hot cereal... this cereal Contain S Wll63t G6Tm

spur of the moment. Take time to with the wonderful toasted wheat germ

think over your prospective purchase goodness... has nourished children \ penny 3 SGTVJng

when you're away from the pressure and adults in the West for 4 generaof the saleslady and have time to tions. Kids love it, adults by hundreds 3 ITI i n LlteS tO COOk

consider the investment from every voted it a 2 to 1 favorite for flavor.

angle. Shop around and compare

prices. Take advantage of sales Contains wheat germ. Many doctors

although the fact that an article is recommend Wheat Hearts because this reduced in price does not make it a cereal contains wheat germ—6 timesbargain unless it will be of good service to you. more than whole wheat itself. It helps

promote growth, good appetite, strong

Most of the above rules will apply whether you sew your own clothes, bodies. Adults benefit, too. Older folks

have them made by a dressmaker, or especially find Wheat Hearts a good buy them. For the women who sew, way to help build up energy and vigor.

here are a few additional suggestions: Enjoy it every morning. Queen Bess

pattern silverware coupon on box. m

Suggestions for the Seamstress

Don't choose a project that is too difficult for your abilities. Perhaps lisyou have in mind a clever friend who SP@%saves money by making her coats and

suits as well as her dresses. That is

well and good for one who is experienced or has had special training, ftfe&WHEOT HEARTS but too often the result is not satis- "SPERRY""BETTY CROCKER"AND "WHEAT HEARTS"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1954 53

Best Dressed for less

(Concluded from preceding page) factory, and you find that you have wasted money on material, and you are forever after discouraged with sewing. It is best to choose a simple

pattern, especially for your first article, with a collarless neck or plain collar, simple sleeves, few or no butHBinii? fancytonholes.shirrings,Don'tdrapery,try setinor pockets,difficult

tailoring until you have had experience.

Study the lines of the pattern before you buy it. It is often disapget. If you'll feel that, the as Era as coupon an Improvement on put We to those do their own who

reader, friends below already the about of two names you who pointing know finafter find, they have sewing to benefit trying postum. caffeinpostum instant About from would how

guards your health against the unfree postum, we'll mail them each ished a garment, that it is not becompleasant symptoms that so often a week's supply free. ing. You have a general knowledge

result from caffein in coffee and tea. And for your help in helping others, of the style of skirt you can wear and

And we feel you will want to share we'd like you to have some instant the type of neckline that is becoming your knowledge of the scientific facts postum, too, as our gift. So include to you, and if you are careful in your

others as your about well—and know that name caffein—let an be able should we'll see choice, to make you

it's supply stimulant. a generous nerve get a drug, For a that you

for something that article will "do folks while handle can the many caffein in coffee or tea, other people TODAY—PLEASE ACCEPT you."

suffer nervousness, indigestion, sleepInstant Buy the best fabric that you can less nights. afford. There is no substitute for

it's just such people And whom quality, and you will enjoy putting you'll sure we're to help want by Fftff! POSTUM

introducing them to your health's FOR YOU meticulous care into your creation best friend caffeinfree postum! AND YOUR FRIENDS if you know that it is the best.

fabrics quality finest woolen The COUPON!

them. buy you preshrunk are when offer—That's onewhythatwe'reletsmakingyou givethisas freewell -USE THIS of A Product should done, If you been this not has General Foods

have them shrunk by a reliable pressor you in your community, shop # ing Dept. POSTUM, IE- 1, 2

yourself. do it can KTT}F,FT Mich. Battle Creek,

The following two friends (-1TTV STATF, Learn to use all of your sewing erfjoy of mine would an are timeattachments. They machine 2 t\ta\tf, introduction caffeinto techniques some sewing savers, and STRF.F.T Please postum. free send

each of them, without CITY STATF, are impossible without them.

cost, a full week's supply I of INSTANT POSTUM. MY NAME rs Tips for the WellDressed "Teen"I will that understand RTRF.F.T

also receive a supply of postum for my own use. CITY.Offer expires Mar. 7, 1954. Good only in.STATE.Continental U.S.A. There is no member of the family

who has more of a wardrobe problem, as a rule, than the teenage daughter. She has reached the age where

IN USE forSEVMIPIVE YEARS she is clothesconscious—extremely

Your Bookdealer now has. so. Sometimes she has a figure probAids in treatment of Canker, simple

sore throat and other minor mouth lem, too. Perhaps she is slightly

and throat irritations. chunky for her age, or she is thin and Gospel angular, or she has grown faster

feels her age and other girls the than HALL'S REMEDY pretty loves She awkward. big and Ideals Salt City, Utah Lake acquired not has she clothes; however, Selections from the < )mm-a-mmo*m>\ )*()mM )<*-mmcn-mm-v-mmommmm ( Jmmnmm-a*<

Discourses of that discrimination which enables her will bethat be most those choose HOTEL LANKERSHIM PRESIDENT to the her. to same wants 7th & She BROADWAY coming

DAVID O. McKAY clothes that her popular friend wears,

Ideal for Christmas Giving 2"Pre Shrinking of Wool and Interfacing Material,"

IN THE VERY HEART OF CI.ClothingNo. 9,Specialist,a bulletinUtahby StateTheta AgriculturalJohnson, ExtensionCollege

LOS ANGELES Extension Service, Logan, Uta'h.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

little realizing that what looks well on her petite five -foottwo chum will be ridiculous on her ample fivefoot- seven.

If she is interested in clothes, they may very likely be an obsession.

There is a time in every girl's life when a new dress at one particular time seems the most important thing in all the world. The fact that she

already has enough clothes nor her parents'financial limitations can dissuade her from her insistence on a "new dress."Parents do not want to

deprive a beloved child of her heart's desire. Often they sacrifice to get

the new dress, only to see it discarded soon. Her cooking took top honors 3 years in a row

Encourage your daughter to plan her wardrobe as you do: first to take Colorado Cook Wins 10 Awards at State Fair

an inventory; then make necessary Mrs. Leslie Halter (left) shows a Everywhere in the country

repairs; and finally to decide what neighbor some of her prize ribbons. prizewinning cooks use Fleischclothes she wants, and go about Mrs. Halter, of Canon City, entered mann's Active Dry Yeast. Out of

choosing those most becoming and her first cooking contest three years 9,449 prize winners surveyed, over practical and harmonious with the ago, and has a total of 25 awards. 90% prefer it. This dry yeast is

rest of her wardrobe. Just this year she took 10 prize handier than oldstyle cake yeast..

ribbons at the Colorado State Fair. keeps for months on your pantry

Be sure that she enrols in a sewing A busy mother like Mrs. Halter shelf. Always rises fast. Now when

class in junior high or high school. certainly appreciates the convenience you bake at home it's convenient to

If you live in a rural section, persuade of Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. use yeast. But use the best—get

her to become active in a 4-H Club "It's so fast and so easy to use,"she Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast in chapter. They have excellent wardsays. "And it keeps for months."the thrifty 3-package strip.

robe planning and sewing projects for girls. And if your daughter wants

to sew at home, encourage her, help her, be patient with her. She will

makecare—tomistakes,baste andbut pressteachandher fitto caretake

fully. Encourage her to correct a

mistake immediately. Picking out

a seam early in the construction of for information II: Writea garment may mean the difference of on type organ MrMAftf ma

between its becoming the favorite of in which you her wardrobe and one that will just are interested.

hang in her closet. Once she has

learned the thrill and satisfaction of creating an article of clothing thatshe is proud to wear, she is well on <i<< the way to becoming an enthusiastic PIPE ORGANS seamstress. SjbMUaje REED ORGANS

Set an example for your daughter.

Encourage her to acquire one good, i LJ uU-L'becoming dress or skirt rather than ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBQRO,VT.

two of poor quality. Teach her to wiTirPknow the colors that are becoming, m evaporated

the styles that do things for her, the wisdom of individuality, and the satisfaction to be derived from staying within a clothing budget. Encourage SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

her to dress like a young lady. You 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

agree that blue jeans are comfortable for active, her outdoor activities, but THE IMPROVEMENT ERAthey are not appropriate for school or shopping. Above all, teach your For Your Reading Pleasure Each Month of the Year

(Concluded on following page) 12 Issues $2.50

JANUARY 1954 55

BEST DRESSED FOR LESS

For America's Finest Highway Transportation (Continued from preceding page) A twopiece suit for a fouryear- daughter modesty in her dress, in old boy can be made over from a conformity with LDS Church standman's lightweight sport coat, and a ards. Recall the counsel of Presisimply styled coat and matching

dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr. beret can be made for a fouryear-old

I am sure you girls do not appreciate... girl from a man's suit. And did you

not the be older ones, that and it may the know that a teenage girl can have a nudity your which fashions sanction now and indeed call for, has its origin in those smart jumper from a pair of men's minds which seek so to clothe you that trousers? White linen trousers may

you may appeal to the baser passions of be converted into a jacket that you'll if so shall clothed and men, you be asfind lots of use for in your summer saulted, least take at of part the to blame 5 wardrobe. * * * Sisters, yourselves. yourselves, you

those whom you associate with and guide and direct, for the sake of your posterity 'T'here are even ways in which you please the youth of tomorrow, resume and can reuse sweaters. Enjoy can Service They THRU BUS

that the your your mothers and modesty... trips line over into on knitted articles main of to be made had, grandmothers if you and want

convenient service on know what that was, talk to them someclothing for children, or they can be

ALL Greyhound trips. what about what you are doing now, and unraveled and the yarn reknitted

0. tell to will that they you. 1 say you uninto another or sweater other article, The has name "Greyhound"

get the Latdo back modesty among less we Prompt proper repairs and of the become the standard by which particularly, world, Saints terday in the and we measure all the good things that we are headed for a catastrophe. 3 clothing you already have will make

in highway travel. Check Grey- a considerable reduction in the exservice hound's to destinayour of pense family's your wardrobe. to the has been The who woman

it you'll find always conis correct a a There relatively and, tion—problem has temple and an additional venient, frequently "through,"simple, of any way the to make comof in selection responsibility the today's and best travel bargain.

as a darning, such mon mends, patchclothing. the garment, outward The

indication of the added blessings and ing, retreading (reinforcing spots of exceptional wear), repairing and GREYHOUND to enjoys, is sacred too she The Friendly Way To Travel protection frayed sleeve coat edges and worn or criticism of subject be made the collars. 7 comment.

Duds for Dad Children's Clothing

For richer, creamier Making children's clothing is one wornSpeakingcollars, oflet'sfrayednot forgetsleevesFatherand certain means of moneysaving. And when we begin allocating the clothing

dishes,us& after you have had a little practice budget. Even though he may prefer

in sewing for small ones, you will sport clothes, he is entitled to one GOOD find it an experience you will enjoy. good suit, in the color and cut most

Little girls do need many dresses to becoming to him. It will last him for

active, their keep them fresh during if years it is well cared he for—and MORNING MILK

it days. roughand-tumble To make doesn't too grow much. If he

easy on yourself, select a basic style helping cut those corners on the budis that is easy to iron; then when it get, too, and wants to wear out some

is made up in different materials and of his extra suit coats, choose the sinwith slight variations, your daughter glebreasted, sportier ones to team can have a whole wardrobe at the cost up with slacks.

of two or three dresses you would buy readymade. When an occasion such as Father's

Day or Father's birthday comes along, Tailoring for the young man is simple too, once you have mastered arrange for a little harmony in the the technique of making small gift selections by the family. Shirts,

acceptable gifts trousers, shirts, and coats. And it ties, and sox—always

be sincerely appreciated if they is a special boon to the pocketbook—will

are chosen with a view to enhancing son's clothes your when you make Send Friends Your the welldressed You'll sine man. be

his those father from discarded. has at or Abroad Home to please choose if you a nice white

to simple It is a matter a pair convert

THE of men's trousers into a pair for his or plain colored shirt and a tie and 4 from n"MakeOvers Suits,"Men's Leaflet 230, No. son.

L. Clarice Scott, by Associate Economics SpeHome IMPROVEMENT

cialist, of Department Agriculture. US

3Excerpt to from "Plain Talk Girls"President by Sweaters,"6"ReUse CI. 3, a bulletin No. Thcta by ERA Clark, Reuben Jr., 49. Era, Improvement The Vol. Specialist, Clothing Johnson, AgriState Utah

8, 492 J.No. (August p. 1946). cultural College Service, Extension Logan, Utah. a year $2.50 $3.00 foreign to CI. Father Son,"4"From bulletin No. by of Art 7"The Extension Mending,"Circular 162,

Theta Specialist, Clothing Johnson, State AgriUtah1, a by Theta Specialist, Johnson, Clothing State Utah cultural College Service, Extension Logan, Utah, Agricultural College Service, Extension Logan, Utah.

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sox that add color but blend with his

suit.

To plan wisely and to spend well that's the formula for today's welldressed family. It is a system that all t

may follow, and the result will be ajustifiable pride, not only in the fine lki appearance of everyone from parents to baby, but also in the fact that it has been accomplished for so little expended.in dollars

BIBLIOGRAPHY Betty Crocker's ADDITIONAL

The following publications, as well as those listed in the footnotes of this article, are available through the County Extension new way Service in Utah—the County Agent and

Home Demonstration Agent:

"Achieving Distinction in Dress,"CI. No.

12, distributed by Theta Johnson, Clothing Specialist, Utah State Extension Service, to make sowcream

Logan, Utah.

"Fitting Dresses,"Farmers'Bulletin No.

1964, by Edna E. Sommerfeld, Associate

Home Economics Specialist, US Department of Agriculture, Washington, D. C. buttermilk

"Foundations for Fashions,"CI. No. 21,

by Theta Johnson, Clothing Specialist, Utah

State Extension Service, Logan, Utah.

"Let's Try It This Way,"CI. No. 22, by Theta Johnson, Clothing Specialist, pancakes

Utah State Extension Service, Logan, Utah.

"Making A Dress at Home,"Farmers'

Bulletin No. 1954, by Margaret Smith,

Clothing Specialist, US Department of

Agriculture, Washington, D. C.

"Pattern Alterations,"Farmers'Bulletin

Specialist, US Department of Agriculture,

Washington, D. C. (charge of 15 cents).

"Press As You Sew,"Extension Circular 161, by Theta Johnson, Clothing Specialist,

Utah State Extension Service, Logan, Utah.

"Sewing Secrets,"(making buttons), bulletin distributed by Utah State Agricultural

College Extension Service, Logan, Utah.

"Short Cuts in Sewing,"M.S. 373, by

Lois P. Smith, Clothing Specialist, Utah

State Extension Service, Logan, Utah.

SONG FROM A CORNER

By Elaine V. Emans America's First

Lady of Food says:

T thought, her days are colorful indeed—"We've discovered a

presented A I arias heard not But have the most make new way to miracle the threshers, watched By but- -cream sour of seed wonderful scented a become hand with I planted my Rainbow across the garden; have I not termilk pancakes. You'll find my

Seen comedy of kittens good as any? simple directions on back of the

And quietly, within this little spot, Sperry Pancake Mix package. Try them.

Have You'll get the lightest, best tasting pancakes ever!'New clothes:I not hadthethebluechanceof courage,of wearingandmanythe

gray Of faith, and gold of love, being proud of: all? Real sourcream buttermilk

And have: I not known friendship in the right in the mix:"way

: Of neighbors, of the written word, of tajl k>err.v shine, or inclemency "round me, come Trees CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED 'BETTY AND PANCAKE & SPERRY"in unseen, of His hand though And, sure GENERAL MILLS OF MARKS TRADE

mine? WAFFLE MIX INC.

JANUARY 1954 57 Exotic Native Dishes

from the Near East

by Winnifred M. Cannon

EDITOR'S NOTE I have never met Winnifred M.

Cannon nor eaten at her table, but she has been described to me by a number of people as "the best cook I have ever known."

Sister Cannon was born in Logan,

Utah, daughter of a stake president,

Joseph Morrell. Since her marriage

to Clawson Y. Cannon she has lived

most of her life outside of Utah in the outlying wards or branches, including Boise, Idaho, and Ames, Iowa.

She has served her Church in many capacities, which include president and district president of the Relief Society, as well as bishop's and branch president's wife. At the present time

she is in charge of the children's class Winnifred M. Cannon

in Sunday School in Beirut. It is

interesting to note that the small group of Church members meet each Sunday ner we counted twentythree differBY THE MAKERS in the YMCA rooms there. ent dishes. Servants are plentiful

Brother and Sister Cannon have and take the place of laborsaving

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS three sons, Rowland M., Dr. Robert Y., equipment in the western world.

100 SPOOLS andfred Clawson,C. Jardine,Jr.; Foodsa daughter,Editor Winniof the A great amount of bread is conDeseret (who is NewsTelegram cosumed; the kind most used is Khuby:

; and her mother's article) author of C

nine grandchildren.SEWING 1 Khuby

1"3 cups flour in Beirut has proved to be 1 teaspoon salt90THREADDifferent Colors, plus black and white. AmazIiving

ing bargain! 100 spools of thread, every color you one of the most interesting expe- 2 tablespoons yeast (a dried yeast is

$1. thinkcan That's of—only only a penny a riences of my life. It is the prinused) Perfectspool! for sewing, mending, darning,

patching. All colors. (16 alone!) shades of blue

fabric. quality,Easy to match any color Fine No. cipal city in the beautiful country of iy2 cups tepid water

50, mercerized thread. Rush $1 with name and Lebanon, which in biblical days was

alladdress. Guarantee. MoneyBack 3 orders to together Only Mix and knead dough Palestine. part of The experimenta Barclay customer. Grant M-52, & Co., half an to hour. Cover allow and Street,151 East 81st 28, York. New York Dept.New station where my husband it carries on forstand. (In winter takes three about

his work is in the Bekaa Valley, the hours to rise but in summer only one

New Glorious Anthems! former land of Canaan. Our sohour.) Divide into four pieces and

Now AvailableSSAATTBB journ here has given us a greater open each to a round the size of a "MORONI SPEAKS"understanding of the Bible. We have plate by flapping it from one hand to

and also made two trips to Jerusalem and the other. This bread should be baked

in a baker's oven, hot. HATH very SPOKEN""GOD When to Cairo, been have Bethlehem and of the 3 Witnesses) (Testimony

it is taken the from oven, puffed up Egypt. upper Damascus, and Sacred Music:Recommended like ball a flattens but out. soon Men IN GOD'S *"l WALKED GARDEN"of friendare Lebanon The people it pile IN large *"THEY boys and HIM trays FOUND TEMPLE"on THE wooden

*"EVERY HEART THAT IS CLEAN"ly and hospitable. At any hour of and carry it through the streets on their *"GOD KNOWS"

—Send For Free Copy—the day or night food or drink must heads. In the mountains where ovens

20c ANY ARRANGEMENT EACH EXCEPT SOLO be offered to a guest. Large formal are not available, a fire is built under a*Recorded by Jessie Evans Smith

dinners are served by the wealthier large metal convex plate, and the dough

CO. SUGAR HOUSE MUSIC patted out until large to enough is is the prepared and amount 11th East2130 South Salt Lake City, Utah people,

cover recently visited a baker it. We of capacity the the guests far beyond

FOR YOUR DANCING PLEASURE to consume. It is not uncommon to who makes country bread commercially.

has a large,He of round oven made stuffed platter a LARRY ELDRIDGE see a whole lamb on local in is brick of the bottom which and it his ORCHESTRA the table, end of at one with and of a fire. Pieces are patted dough out

Specializing in stake and ward will be chicken or turkey, fish, vegeby a boy to the size of a small plate.

dances and weddings. tables, salads, relishes, desserts, and The baker then deftly whirls them

Phone 7-6471 a variety of fruits. At one such dinwith his hands into paperthin, circular

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sheets about two feet across. He then

places these on a pillow and, reaching them into the oven, plasters them on the hot side bricks. Three or four

sheets are usually cooking at once, and as one is finished, it is replaced by a fresh sheet. We purchased a kilogram

(a little more than two pounds) of this bread for fortyfive piasters, about thirteen cents.

The cooks of Beirut make a delicious dressing which is used to stuff lamb,chicken, or turkey. I was unable to WITH

find a recipe for it, so I asked a Lebanese friend if she could tell me how it is PLENTY made. I will give it in her words.

"You take one cup of rice, one anda half cups of water, and cook it only OF half. Cut liver in small pieces like

peas, cut one or two onions very small MILKIMPROVED and brown in lamb fat. Add salt,

—cinnamonpepper, and orthe cloves—andsweet smellingvery thingsmuch TABLE QUEEN BREAD

pine nuts [almonds may be used if pine nuts are not available] browned in oil or fat."Stir all together, stuff, and

sew. She ended by saying, "Now, Mrs.

Cannon, you make it that way only once. After that you put in what you

like."* Two dishes, Tahbouleh and Koubbeh, are favorites here and are served, I am told, when someone you love is coming. Following is a recipe for

Tabbouleh:

Tabbouleh

1 cup burghul (finely crushed boiled wheat) \/2 cup mint leaves \y2 cups parsley 1 green onion l/2 to 1 cup olive oil 2 teaspoons salt Y2 cup lemon juice 1 small tomato Soak burghul until soft. In cold Enriched with

water it requires two hours; in warm Vitamins and iron

water, one hour. Wash parsley and

mint leaves thoroughly and chop very fine. Cut the onions into small pieces

and wash carefully. Drain burghul and

add. Pour over the oil, salt, and lemon

juice, and mix all together. Chopped

tomatoes may be added. It should be The sign that says "good eating"...

eaten with vine leaves, lettuce, or cabbage leaves used as scoops. A friend... and means it. Maybe that's why Hotel Temple Square

who has recently returned to the States Coffee Shop and Temple View Dining Room are fast becoming wrote that she was planting a parsley Salt Lake's favorite dining spot. Wonderful food, excellent

bed so she would be able to make this service, and low prices. Low prices? The most expensive

dish at home. complete dinner on our menu is $2.25—for sizzling steak.

We were surprised to see the shelves Takethis week.the whole family to Hotel Temple Square Coffee Shop

in the markets wellstocked with American canned and packaged foods. It is

not difficult to serve an American dinner, but while here we welcome the opportunity to sample and enjoy dishes fSMAflZ which are so different from our own. Clarence L. West, Manager

JANUARY 1954 59 Mother is a gracious hostess, quiet,

Mother's American Favorites gentle, a little shy. Everyone loves

her more with each meeting. She

by Winnifred C. Jardine has a touch with food, there's no

denying. But more wonderful is her

generosity in sharing cooking secrets seems strange to say that a branch with others. Many are the times

It of the Church could, in a sense, she's helped new young cooks revolve around food. But such, showing them in her kitchen, step

it seemed, was the case with the by step, how to make one of her own

Ames, Iowa, Branch—-and my mothspecialties.

er's good cooking. New friends were Mother's reputation went far bewelcomed; old friends were bidden yond the bounds of the branch. She

goodbye; holidays were celebrated; did -a subtle job of missionary work

heartaches were soothed with good with her good food. Whenever there

food prepared by Mother's loving was sickness among neighbors or hands. faculty friends, hot rolls along with

Each fall as school began, all the a good soup or casserole were sent immediately. And children or husLDS students—new and old—came

to our home for an evening of good bands or wives were kept in our home food and fun. Many precious and whenever tragedy struck. On Christlasting friendships were begun on mas Eve we had a family custom of

these nights. Refreshments were taking to neighbors frosted Christmore than likely homemade ice cream mas tea rings, hot out of the oven.

Sometimes there were as many as—lots of it—and wonderful homefifty to It was be delivered. of them cookies. PIKES PEAR made to of giving demonstrated the spirit picnics"were frequent dur- "Utah

little help couldn't children four who favorite the ing the summer, and FLOUR well. lesson the Through learning bar- "Mrs. included Cannon's With FOUR menu a acts turned Mother her generous juicy beef This buns."on becued

Extra Baking mixture, made from whole pieces of hostile community into a loving one

Advantages boneless beef, was served on Mother's that now looks upon the Church eyes. friendly with and warm buns. (The whole wheat homemade MILLS FLOUR LAKE SALT will circulate story not This Mothfunctions, for is ideal recipe Church 5th South 425 West aler's farther they've recipes than fifty it filling for for enough makes City, Utah Salt Lake All gone. Saint Latterday ready It is has easy. buns, quick and and

held me in good stead many times students who attended school in for MIA outings, choir parties, and Ames during the twentyone years of priesthood quorum suppers.) Mother's and Father's stay there carWE OFFER... day.We Everyalwaysvisitorhad companywho attendedon Sunthe riedrecipes,away somethingwithfor somethem.ofit wasMother'sFor asome,twistcookingitof wasthe

COMPLETE A brought School was branch Sunday of or a sprinkling spice, but dough SERVICE ENGRAVING the dinner. for During all war for appreciation a greater it was Portraits to the Largest home Missionary From

filled Catalogues. college was the campus with for the art of cooking and for hospiMail Orders Given Prompt Attention special taking were navy boys who tality.

four Mother's training. Although CO. ENGRAVING UTAH Lord blessed with Mother The

St. City, Utah Salt Lake 113 Regent and Father away, she children were talents, always used and she many

seated from five to twenty other them to benefit others. By so doing

youngsters at the Sunday dinner she has magnified herself!

table. On holidays Mother saw to

DRINK it that no Mormon, married or single, Barbecued Beef Filling was ever homesick. Many's the time

tablespoons shortening ficq A delightful wouldthat thirtysit downor tofortya bounteousor fifty Christpeople 4y22 pounds boneless beef for beverage hot coffee. don't drink who those mas dinner at our house. 24 tocups3 cupschoppedwateronions

AT YOUR GROCERS Mother cooked generously when 4 tablespoons shortening there was a conference or a mission 1 cup undiluted tomato soup visit so that she could lavish hospital- 1 cup catsup ity upon her visitors. Although it's 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce

of these Salt since some twenty years IN NET been THE GOSPEL Pepper presidencies missionaries and mission Elder John A. Widtsoe By

were in Ames, they still recall that Cut beef into 4- inch pieces; brown

At your bookdealers—$1.75 Mrs. Cannon is "the best cook in the well in 2 tablespoons hot fat in heavy

world."kettle; add water, cover and simmer

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA until is tender. meat Put meat through

grinder. coarse onions Cook in 2 UTAH'S FIRST CHARTERED SAVINGS BANK

tablespoons fat until lightly browned and transparent. Add to ground beefalong with remaining ingredients and LOANSenough beef broth to make of right AUTOMOBILE

consistency. Makes enough filling for PERSONAL50 round buns.

COLLATERAL Hot Spiced Fruit Punch MORTGAGE

HOME 2 ]/4 cups sugar Improvement 4 cups water 12 whole cloves 4 sticks cinnamon 4 allspice berries 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped ginger 3 cups orange juice 2 cups lemon juice 2 quarts apple cider or juice Fast

Friendly Boil sugar and water together for 10 Service minutes. Remove from heat and add LOWEST

cloves, cinnamon, allspice and ginger. RATES

Cover and allow to stand in warm place for 1 hour. Strain. Just before serving

add fruit juices and cider. Bring quickly

to boiling point but do not allow to boil. Serve at once. Makes 24 servings. zion's savings bank

Bing Cherry Salad Trust DAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT 1 package cherryflavored gelatin &

1 cup hot water South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

1 No. 2 can (2'/2 c.) Bing cherries

1 package cream cheese

Dissolve gelatin in hot water and cool.

If homecanned cherries are used, measure whole cherries in cup, then fill with juice. Cream the cheese well and add

cherry juice a little at a time, creaming constantly, until all juice is added. Remove stones from cherries and place in

molds. Combine cheese mixture and

cooled gelatin mixture and pour over cherries. Chill., Makes 6 to 8 servings.

FROM THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S LARGEST PLANT

Silver Cream Pie

4 eggs, separated Industrial Center 1 cup sugar W The huge 1 lemon, juice and grated rind printing plant of the Deseret

Press largcontains the News l!/2 teaspoons i}/2 package) unflavored est equipmost and modern

gelatin plant of between any water ment!/4 cup

Pacific the Coast. Denver and

Salt... job your what No matter

large or small... the Deseret

Combine egg yolks, l/2 cup sugar, News Press is equipped to prolemon juice and lemon rind in double duce it accurately and with boiler and cook until creamy over hot speed. See the Deseret News

water. Soak gelatin in cold water, then Press for your printing needs.

dissolve in hot egg and lemon mixture and add salt. Beat egg whites and slowly add other ]/2 cup sugar. Gently fold

in cooled gelatin mixture. Pour into

baked pie 9-inch shell into and put Press Deseret News (j|fe)refrigerator for hours. 2 top with May STREET 4-2581 31 RICHARDS Phone SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

cream 1 cup whipped necesbut is not

Industrial 1605 Plant—Road (1900 West)

sary. Phone 7-1584 Salt Lake City

JANUARY 1954 61 LYMAN WIGHT IN EARLY TEXAS

{Continued from page 27) quences, and went to plowing. I

on deaf ears. Lyman Wight's heart thought over the matter seriously.

still had not been softened. The My rather and mother were getting

elders returned to Galveston, Texas. old and feeble and we could not tell

Then they took a boat back to New what might happen to them, and

Orleans and to Independence, Misfinally thought it our duty to follow souri, later rejoining the Saints on them once more, so we arranged to their westward trek. go along. On the second day after

The Pedernales River proved to be our start on the projected move, my

SEE YOUR KOLOB AGENT no more friendly than the Colorado, father suddenly died. The emigraand when the milldam at Zodiac tion moved on north as far as Bell

FOR AUTO INSURANCE washed out, too, Wight took his County, forty miles south of Waco.

Buying a new car? Then make it a colony northeast to Burnet County My two brothers concluded to drop

point to talk to your local Kolob Agent. where on Hamilton Creek he built the project and remain in Texas. My

explain how happy to He will be you can another milldam and erected another mother, of course, dropped out with protection insurance receive maximum for the minimum premium cost. You can mill and other buildings, including us; the immigration moved on and

settleclaim too, of prompt assured, be a "temple."Here they ground corn we finally drifted back as far as

your Kolob see Agent ment. Be sure,

before you buy. and wheat and had a woodworking Burnet County."

factory and sawmill with which they But before the company broke up, serving Agents Kolob 300 Over carried his followers Wight's cut cypress trees into lumber and Lyman Idaho, Montana, and Utah, Neshingles. at old settlement to the body back Stock strong vada. by Backed

Companies. Still they were not to succeed in Zodiac near Fredericksburg and

their endeavors, and when the dam buried him in the village burial on Hamilton Creek washed away as ground. Part of the colony returned

did the others, Wight moved his north to the state of Iowa. Some of

colony southwest to the Medina River the others returned to the western near Bandera in what is now Bandera part of Texas and some remained in

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. County. Once more the stalwart Bandera County. A number of the

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City group of pioneers built a dam, a families went to California.

sawmill, a gristmill, and woodworkBut of those who went to Texas ing shop, making shingles and lumwith Lyman Wight many left names ber from the large cypress trees that famous in Texas history for bravery abounded in that area. When this and attainment. Many served in the

Medina River dam washed out, in Confederate ranks during the Civil desperation Wight turned the efforts War and some were with Pickett in of his colony to raising cattle, sheep, his immortal attack at Gettysburg,

I goats, and farm crops. They were when they charged the Yankee guns

pioneers in these efforts in this area and accomplished such tragic destruc- i American

Auditorium Chairs and seemed to meet with some little tion, returning to Texas after the war,I with pew ends success. to become honored citizens.

III It was in the spring of 1858 that The Galveston, Texas, News comimj;: AUDITORIUM CHAIRS Lymanpeople outWightof Texasplannedand backto taketo Mishis mentedWight asuponfollows,the death of Lyman

FOR DIGNITY AND COMFORT souri, but died before getting out of "We believe we have omitted the

Increasingly, modern churches Texas. Historians report that the notice of the death of Mr. Lyman

are turning to the dignity and decision to leave Texas met with conWight, who, for some thirteen years comfort, well the as as beauty siderable opposition, particularly from past, leader of a small has been the durability of and American Upmembers family. His of his own settlement and independent Mormon holstered Chairs. This type of

is seating also lends itself to curved son, Levi Lamoni Wight, gives the in Texas. As far as we have been

of account rows. Write to us in detail about following the death and able to learn these have Mormons

I'll needs. your the break colony. up of the to be most excelIII themselves proved

DEPARTMENT 1169 "In the spring of 1856 [1858] my lent citizens of our state, and we are

SEATING AMERICAN COMPANY in Public Seating father planned another move. Of no doubt gratefully indebted to the World's Leader

901 Broadway N. W., Grand Rapids, Michigan course, we must all go. Here came deceased leader for the orderly conquite a test of faith in the technicaliduct, sobriety, industry, and enter-

, Unbreakable... moulded ties of his religion. I told my wife prise of his colony. Mr. Wight first

Lightglass. to look like that I was not going to follow those came to Texas in November, 1845

free. Eiconoise weight,

npmieul. Standard height. wild moves any longer. We con- (1846) and has been with his colony

Order from your dealer. sulted about the matter for several on our extreme frontier ever since,

SPECIAL OFFER days and came to the conclusion that moving still further west as settlelot of Mail $1.00 for trial

one dozen sent postpaid. we would rebel, and arrange to stay ments formed around him, thus al55 Sudbury St., Boston 14; Mass. where we were and risk the conseways being the pioneer of advanc62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing civilization, affording protection against Indians. He has been the ALL-O-WHEAT'S

first five to settle and counties new for others. has 3 DIMENSIONSprepare the way He

at different times built three extensive saw and gristmills, etc."G

Josiah Clifton, grandfather of the Iwriter who was a freewill Methodist / Sw&Wminister and a soldier of the Mexican V and Civil wars, knew Lyman Wight E well and admired him, although hefelt he was "warped"on many sub- V 0mjects pertaining to religion. Accord- Y

a very Wighting to Mr. Clifton, was in O six feet man, overhandsome

height, weighing more than two hun- U / wmpmik dred pounds, and having black hair and dark beard. He told many times Natural, golden wheat flavor—as nature intended

of seeing Bishop Wight, as he was Natural vitamins and minerals—as nature intended

capitalcalled, to Austin, the coming Natural freshness—as nature intended

his colonyof Texas, while had Wight at Mount Bonnell. He rode in a fine All-O-Wheat cereal contains all 3-dimensions of the wheat kernel, before and

French carriage drawn bv two coalafter milling. Its delicious, natural flavor is not changed by "toasting."Its

black mules with a coachman dressed nutritive value is retained by modern milling methods... so it needs no enin black. The harness on the mules richingday. or restoring. No preservatives added. Made and shipped fresh the same

were ornamented with black tassels and silver buckles and bells of MexiEasy to buy... Easy to cook... Easy to try

can silver. Wight himself dressed

in polblack broadcloth highly with ALL-O-WHEAT CEREAL CO. hat.ished boots In fact, and a black

he was by the frontier standards of OGDEN, UTAH

Makers of All-O-Wheat Flakes and Stoneground Whole Wheat Flourthe time termed a "dude"—not that

anyone dared call him this to his face. He was a real spectacle of a So many have asked for it...

man, heavily armed with two navy we're offering a pistols in silvermounted holsters, one on each hip, and a fine silvermounted rifle in the boot in his surrey or carriage. He always had from two to six SPECIAL

heavily armed and mounted riders or personal bodyguards on each side of his carriage, all on fine horses. Mr.Clifton commented that Bishop CUSS It won't be long before you'll be typing your

Church work, as well as your and genealogyWight's visit with the governor was f0* RELIEF SOCIETY WOMEN work. own personal

always a welcome and colorful one.

Get together a group of Relief Society friends

You'll enjoy in the all enroll same class. It seems from the life and the death and

arranged Classes together. can be learning

of this remarkable man that we can on Monday and Thursday evenings or Saturindraw further testimony of the truthtying days before noon... whichever you prefer.

fulness of the gospel. Lyman Wight You can enroll right now... class AskYou aboutare cordiallyour specialinvitedrate to.. visit. writeany orclass.call

possessed many of the qualities of a starts Monday evening, January 4. today.

great leader—courage, intelligence,

foresight, and perseverance—but he

lost the spark of the gospel when he refused to follow the Lord's anointed. Branch of Brigham Young University

70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CiTYHis people enjoyed no permanent \m Kn prosperity or increase, and although, as individuals and the frontier pio- 1 HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

neering group, they are highly honIN LAS VEGAS. NEVADA A [ POP CORN IT CtUICKtASV POP of of the recordsored on the state

tender, tasty pop corn You have wonderful, YE REST MOTEL KINGS time every TIME, Never you pop JOLLY when asTexas, a religious organization, 526 STREET 5TH SOUTH back. fails. or kernel pops Every your money B. Foutz, Harold Owner to hold nothing them toDr.they had H. Foutz, Edgar Manager

gether after the death of their leader. Beautyrest Mattresses ThroughoutJANUARY 1954 rrns'Ajmj63

Your Page

Church are not for us to enjoy, but the Era brings us conference, the messages of the President, and answers to our questions on scripture, as well as general information of interest.

It is faith promoting, and especially the Editor's Page strengthens my testimony by the conviction and power of President David O.

McKay's words. Thanks for your work in producing it and may

it always appear to improve all those who read it.

Sincerely, hi PFC. Claude A. West

Korea

ever; that the here is I'm I need than in Korea Era more DearNowSirs:

address to send so that me. can you new it on my

Temptations are greater over here and contacts with the Church and members of the Church are less frequent. The Era can be

and is such a wonderful spiritual guide, and I need to be strengthened and prompted to good works as much as anyone. I'm thankful, too, for our prophet's message contained in each issue, for I

know it is the word of the Lord and the will of the Lord to us in this day.

Sincerely yours, /s/ Pvt. Walter D. Eager

Atlanta, Georgia Dear Sir: surely appreciate what the two missionaries have done for me

I in Atlanta. The Book of Mormon is a very great help to me,

also The Improvement Era. I look forward to receiving each

issue very much. There are several others here who enjoy the

magazine along with me.

I have received many rich blessings from the Lord since I have been here, and I hope and pray that I can prove myself worthy of all he has done for me in the past, and I also hope and pray that God will keep the Spirit of the Holy Ghost with those who are in the mission field and help us all to see and live like he intended for us to do when he created us. I leave this with you

Fort Ord, Calif. as my testimony, knowing that Joseph Smith was a true prophet

Dear Sirs: and that our Church is the true Church of Jesus Christ of LatterTt is a blessing each month to find I have received The Imday Saints.

** provement Era. When in the service many elements of the I si Elton Woodmancy

LDS GROUP IN ATHENS Pictured on the Acropolis in front of the Parthenon is an LDS group in Athens, Greece. They have been

meeting together, studying gospel topics since July 1952. Orin D. Parker is the instructor of the group.

Left to right in the photo are: Sam Gadzia, Orin Parker, Rita Parker, Barbara Fexis, Shirley Gadzia, Emma

S. Stephens, Frederick Orton, Charmaine Willis, Karma Evans, Tom Evans, Sally Stephens, Leon R. Stephens,

Amy Willis, Andrew W. Willis, George Fexis.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ON THE ONETRACTOR FARM

You can now increase the earning power of your onetractor operation with new tractor ability.

With the tworplow AllisChalmers CA you plow deeper. Subsoil. Plant and cultivate with

new accuracy and speed. Harvest heavier crops

with ease. You'll step into a new range of

farming capacity without increasing your costs.

It's like owning two tractors—

Here's real plowing—8 or more

inches deep in any plowable soil.

You can subsoil and chisel, too—

create new moisture storage; give

deep roots a chance in heavy soils, dry out low spots. And set your 7-

foot mounted disc harrow at full cut. This is the heavyduty ability

you gain with the CA's hydraulic

TRACTION BOOSTER.

(Shown below is the CA's TwoWay, Twoanother Plow Bottom, SpinnerType—ability!) tractor of measure new twoplow

Here's twoplow tractor cultivating—planting

and fertilizing, too, unsurpassed in accuracy and speed by any tractor. POWERSHIFT WHEELS

give you the same effect as owning a second tractor. You can switch—quickly—from narrowrow to widerow crops... change to the best

setting for any width implement. And—broaden

your farming with your choice of a complete series of specialized western implements.

to the releases extra power CONTROL POWER in overloads for handling takeoff sudden(V ALUSCHALMERS1 TRACTOR DIVISION -MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A. / powerOn harvesting machines, CA TWOCLUTCH

heavy crops.

plus AllisChalmers Ask your TworfeCOUPZER to demonstrate dealer

Tractor ability at one low, You simply, (1)—back the

CA to engage the widefunnel twoplow tractor price. SnapCoupler; (2)—close

the two liftarm latches;

DRIVE AWAY. It's the handiest quickhitch for mounted

implements ever devised! AvailSNAP-COUPLER it an AllisChalmers trademark. able for all CA and WD

Tractors.;"-S:W:s?:V5S:SfSSSiSM|j||jMBB

: - -..-..,: -.'

JWskier s paradise! Yes, but the highdrifted snow in these mountain watersheds

even more to the cities and farms that dot the lower valleys / means

West. To them it's insurance—a reserve supply of water which

\ be drawn on during the needs of the long, dry summer ahead. Life insurance

of "watershed,"too—constituting a financial reserve that you can

n when you need it most. Is your life insurance adequate

* the needs of your family? Is it Beneficial?

BENEFICIAL LIFE quarter billion insurance in force Insurance /C\ Company

David 0. McKay, PresABeimAL/ Salt lake City. Utah