.#-.

;yv, >*'"

,ui-.

.

p DECEMBER; 1937

RETUas POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH THIS your neighborhood Shell dealer guarantees:

Every single point on your car which the car manufacturer says should be lubricated will be serviced correctly. Trained lubrication men...

guided by a chart of your make and model of car... will see to that. EveryShellubrication servEach part will get the correct grease or oil as ice includes these extras

specified by your car's maker. Your Shell dealer's TKEE: tires and running

complete line of lubricants makes this possible. boards rubber -dressed—

Your car will be returned to you even cleaner upholstery vacuumed or it in.than you drove when dealer uses Your Shell

covers on steering wheel, fenders, to brushed out—windows upholstery

protect against grease and dirt. polished and chromium

And you get a special Shellubrication receipt shined—body wiped off—

that records all work done. Guarantees it. body squeaks silenced—

Have a talk today with your neighborhood Shell lights checked—battery

dealer about Shellubrication for your car. checked—lenses cleaned

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

POULTRY FEEDS rll

r1

tKBKBtttKKililLxWm 'sj -,-- |;j||",;jM HIHh assuring

'i.%'-'c /'#*i ii:;-J -low mortality

,in -rapid growth "large size -quality eggs -big profits -low cost

QUALITY, as always, has been the standard to which the line of Draper feeds is built. But together with quality,

these Draper feeds give you the price advantage due to our large purchasing power and lowcost operating expenses.

DRAPER CHICK MASH: A complete starting ration to be fed for

the first six weeks. Protein content, 21 per cent.

DRAPER GROWMG MASH: A growing feed to be fed from the

sixth to the twentyfourth week. Protein content, 19 per cent.

DRAPER LAYING MASH: A laying mash to be fed during the

entire laying period of the hen—insuring more highest quality eggs.

Protein content 20 per cent.

DRAPER BREEDING MASH: A mash to be fed during breeding

season insuring a maximum hatch and sturdy chicks. Protein content 20 per cent.

Inspect our Plant and Consult us on Your Feed Problems

DRAPER POULTRYMEN, INC.

Draper, Utah Phone Midvale 194

7>nmproDement&a 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'

DECEMBER, 1937 Heber J. Grant,

Richard L. Evans,

7HE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Managing Editor

Marba C Josephson, Editor Associate QUORUMS, PRIESTHOOD OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE \ Mgr. Morris, General George Q. DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL DO YOU KNOWMgr. Associate Beesley, Clarissa A. COMMITTEE, EDUCATION. MUSIC WARD OF MENT

, Business Mgr. the J. K. Orton Plan is? New Priesthood What CHURCH OF THE AGENCIES TEACHERS, AND OTHER

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. Page 768

What the New Priesthood Course of

says Research Consumers'TABLE OF CONTENTS WhatStudy is? Page 771

about Tobacco Products and their

'cJne Editors LPage effects on human organisms?Page 73

The Path of Safety Heber J. Grant 735 Why men in high Church positions

have fallen? Page 735

yhurch Creatures If underChrist'smodernTeachingsconditions?-are workablePage 736

Applied Christianity David O. McKay 736 The significance of government soThe Church Security Program—Its Present and Future-.. cial spending and legislation?..

Henry D. Moyle 738 Page 738

Greetings from the New Superintendency and Presidency What "Quorum Consciousness"of the M, I. A. 740 and 741 Means? Page 761

Careers of Service to Young Womanhood The facts about the outgoing and

Marba C Josephson 742 incoming Presidencies of the Y.

We Are Come to Worship Mary R Jack 748 W. M. I. A.? Page 742

The Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 750 The greatest significance of the The Mission in New England Reed W. Berrett 752 World Scout Jamboree? Page 746

761 Consciousness Greater Quorum Toward were given Promises one What 768 Priesthood Plan The New L. contingent S. Community D. Church Netherlands, 732; in the Chapel The ChurchBuilt A completion of a meetupon new 771; and Melchizedek, Priesthood: 768 762; On, Moves ing house? Page 748 ExMessages: 774; Mutual Teaching, 772; Aaronic, Ward

ecutive, 775; Adult, 775; Senior, 776; M Men, 776; Gleaner, Where are the headquarters of the

776; Junior, 777', BeeHive, 777. New England Mission?—-Page 752

Special C/eatures HowCzechoslovakiathe press andreceivedgovernmentPresidentof

Grant? Page 754

Consumers* Research on Tobacco 731

Youth in Action for Peace Oscar A* Kirkham 746 What youth really thinks of liquor?

President Grant Sees Social Security in Czechoslovakia... Page 756

Wallace F. Toronto 754 How water can be "wetter than

Thanks But I Don't Drink W, Roy Breg 756 wet?"Page 758

Harris, 758; S. Jr., Homing: Universe, Franklin the Exploring three members What of the Council

L. Pad, Libby, 764; Gretchen the Ages, Through Memo Toys are of the advisers Twelve of the

Children's Rack, the 766; the Book 765; Rack, Book On On Security Church Committee?

792; Ours, 780; Advertisers, to Page 797; and Index Your Page 762 784. Praises Kanab, Bruce Virginia

What recent Church books and ibaitorials Children'sChristmas?-.-Pagesbooks are766767availableandfor792

The Priesthood Quorum Comes First John A, Widtsoe 760 What head of a European nation has

The Y. W. M L A. Presidency John A. Widtsoe 760 the "Era"in his library?- Page 792

EDITORIAL QJiction.iPoeir, Krossword [Puzzle EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R. Lyman 744 50 North MainCity, Street,Utah Salt Lake

Party Dress Christie Lund 749 ImprovementCopyright 1937,Associationby the YoungCorporationMen's Mutualof the

Church }esus Christ Saints. of of Latterday Short Story) "And the Rest Shall Be Added"(A Short

rights Ail reserved. Subscription price, $2.00...Marie O'Brien 753 in a year, advance; Single 20c Copy.

Frontispiece: Testament, Claire Stewart Boyer, 733; Page For Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

as matter. secondclass lot Acceptance Writers, Young 759; Poetry Page, 763; Scriptural Crossword Utah,mailing rate at special of postage provided

788. Puzzle, for in section 1103, of Act 1917, October,

authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, conbut welcomes Clover cJhe tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

the 91st Memorial, Division is taken Fort of the youthful from Crusader HEAD return. for delivery by sufficient postage and THE Fairbanks, eminent created Avard by Lewis, Washington. monument was The

Utah sculptor, at present Associate Professor of Sculpture at the University of Michthis figure igan. symbolism for which The

ever, is that of the strength and nobility of modemis reproducedyouth whenas a youthChristmasbecomescover,devotedhow- A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY to a crusade of righteousness and purposeful living. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

When You Give a on TOBACCO MAGIC PRODUCTS and CHEF SMOKERS'SUPPLIES CAS RAKCE

Reprinted from Consumers'everyone is exposed) would suffice

Research Annual Cumulative to expose an exceptionally heavy

Bulletin, September, 1937, by smoker to a positive danger of poiSPECIAL permission OF CONsoning. Tobacco does not need to

SUMERS'Research, Inc., Washbe dusted or sprayed with lead arington, New Jersey. senate, except as an economic matter

nTToBACCO products are regularly, totheincreaseleaf. Besidesthe commercialspray residues,value of

if not nearly always, contamilead-tin foil wrapping is a source nated by both lead and arsenic. of lead in tobacco, and the actuality

Any one source of lead and arsenic of serious poisoning by this means intake considered alone might quite has been proved.

possibly not constitute a serious "CR has had analyzed several hazard for the average individual, popular brands of cigarets to debut taken in conjunction with many termine the lead arsenic present. and llou, ivs,..other of poisoning, sources to which the brands tested has None of been

the average person is subjected, it found to possess sufficiently low More Healthful Meals. Delicious,

becomes a matter of real importance. contamination to warrant singling healthful broiled steaks and

It is certain that any intake of arsenic it out for special differentiation. chops replace heavy fried foods,

or lead whatever through smoking with the exclusive new Magic

Broiler Chef SwingOut to make "Swiss that experiments showedis with to be suspiregarded extreme broiling quick, easy, home a the received into smoker his mouth:cion potential as to of lung danger smokeless cooking operation.

( 1 ) thick with short, cigarets twicecancer effects, or other harmful perMeals. for waiting No nicotine long, thin Faster as with as much years hence.haps many... to Chef top Magic burners get It ones; with loosely cigarpacked (2) that rather probable a conseems lighter fires hot. Automatic

siderable part of both the lead and ets about 30 percent more nicotine burners to maximum heat in- ) more stantly.arsenic compounds inhaled into the than with closely packed; ( 3

nicotine from darkcolored tobaccolungs will absorbed be and become Extra Leisure. more econAnd

light. than from Increased speed of omy, too, with a Magiceffective Chef to poison espethe system,

intake. nicotine increases High Speed Oven. It saves bothcially the since lung is the dansmoking most

gas. and that time Other experiments have shown portal for metallic ofgerous entry

poisons. The pipe smoker is most the nicotine content of cigaret smoke

likely and the cigar smoker least is inversely proportional to the moislikely to be poisoned by the arsenic ture content of the cigaret (i.e., SPECIAL

in tobacco. Lead is even more danmoister cigarets go with lower

gerous than arsenic. More lead than nicotine), that it is proportional toarsenic has usually been found in the strength of the puff, and that SALE

there is a condensation marked products. tobacco Therecommon

in butt. nicotine the discarded of d>unn9 CD,ecember possibilityis a real of lead poisoning, as can be imagined when it is "Harmful natural substances

therealized that of a group of persons, other than nicotine are present in Come in—get prices—see

each receiving daily the extremely tobacco and tobacco smoke, such as beautiful new models. The ideal

small amount of 0.1 mg. of lead carbon monoxide, prussic acid, amChristmas gift for the whole

(1/5,000,000 lb.) or less in his monia, and tarry substances of a family]

drinking water over a period of type known to be irritating to mouth years, 22 percent became seriously and lung tissues. Cigaret tobaccospoisoned. According to CR's [Conand some pipe tobaccos contain addFOUNTAIN FUEL

sumers'Research] tests, with the ed glycerol believed to give off inpresent spray residue contamination jurious substances during smoking. SUPPLY COMPANY

of tobacco, 0.1 mg. of lead will be Menthol is known to have definitely

taken into the mouth in smoking 40 harmful effects on mucous surfaces, 36 So. State Salt Lake City

or 50 cigarets; this source of lead and there is serious doubt that menServing 21 Utah Communities

alone, therefore (without the other tholated cigarets can be used safely important sources to which nearly—at least over any long period."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

CHURCHKnowledge, Culture, Inspiration Are Offered d in Abundance in the BUILT CHAPEL

IN THE WINTER QUARTHl JANUARY 3—MARCH 18. 1938 NETHERLANDS

Larger choice of courses them in ccny other quarter. By FRANKLIN

Cuhural opportunities. Dramas, concerts, opera. J. MURDOCK

Recitals by such famous musicians as Mischa Elmcm and PresidentlandsoiMissionthe NetherHelen Jepson.

Lectures by great thinkers of Church, State, and Nation.

Leadership Week: January 2428

ERICHAM YOUNG LNIVEHSITY PROVO, UTAH

T AM enclosing herewith a picture of the laying of the corner stone of the first Churchbuilt chapel in the

Netherlands. It is a Dutch custom

that a little child takes part in the ceremony of laying the corner stone, and in keeping with this custom our sixyear-old daughter, Joyce Murdock, did the work of placing the first stone in place on September 1 1 1 937. Reading from left to right the

following Elders from Utah took part in the ceremony: Elders Finlinsen, Vorkink, Clayton, Roghar, Ingram, Swapp, Bird, President

Franklin J. Murdock, Joyce Mur-

T. Murdock, Elders Neerings, LamROYAL BAKING POWDER dock, Elder DeHaan, Sister Claire

bert, Buchanan, Jex, Schick, Mulder all Vance, of the and Rotterdam A ROYAL CAKE EANS favorite in a been has American households Powder Baking Royal District, There approximately were... there's reason: dependability! a and 70 years than for more hundred of the members you're discover baking, and it next time three gentwo yourself, why Try

erations of American housewives have used Royal, the only nationChurch and a goodly number of ally known baking powder containing cream of tartar. strangers present.

The building will be a twostory redbrick, Dutch colonial type structure. The chapel proper will be upstairs seating with accommodations (DotiL people. Provisions for 400 have

I BE A SLAVE TO A NASAL Losoncctcs been made downstairs for six class

INFECTION JTOPHTTttt rooms, a kitchen, cloakroom, and two The Modem Us units. Economical Method *nUJHOTL heating The erection

MENTH-0-MIST LAnKRSHim aroused in the mindsof thisof a chapelgreat manyhas

PALLIATIVE f inT4+ CnTR people of other faiths a keen inColds, ol Head Treatment Self Hay v For OFVRYTHinG terest in the message which the MorSinus Minor Throats, Sore Simple Fever. to proclaim. have Deafness Catarrhal mon Elders Distress, and ',DAmt(rouA.d.eo,Qttiffuiant

If Your Druggist Can't Supply You Mail 25c Direct to We all rejoice in the realization in place comfortable of having a new CUJISHOnHOTLC0: MT. LABORATORIES

South 2146 East 13th to worship and to f FRftllKUUISHOnPresident which make

City, Utah Salt Lake friends for the Church.

UTAH LAKE AND MOUNTAINS Photo by Wayne B. Hales.

TESTAMENT

soon will walk upon these hills of snow, GODThey wait Him in a hushed expectancy,

As dawn upon the shores of Galilee

Waited the Christ to bid the lilies grow;

White is His Gospel stretched across the world.

Waiting for us to choose its deathless way,

Waiting for words our knowing hearts could say

Through which the flowers of faith would be uncurled.

Upon these hills the sacrament of dawn

Will bring to us immutable command.

Amid the silence we will understand

The whitening way creation rests upon,

And snowflowers, blossoming, will suddenly

Be testament of immortality.

A By CLAIRE STEWART BOYER

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

\3.-i7,.

- J /

Jhi StaS4KSl Extends to the wide circle of listeners through the Intermountain West and the far corners of the World, the universal wishes of Peace and

Prosperity of the Holiday Season.

AFFILIATED THE voice 50,000 OF THE WEST WATTS

m EDITOR'S PRGETie

"I HAVE SEEN MEN, NO MATTER HOW HIGH

REACHED, NEGLECT HAVE THEY THE POSITION

DUTIES BECOME JhsL THEIR AND AND TURN AWAY

ENEMIES OF THE ChURCH BECAUSE THEY

DID NOT KEEP THE COMMANDMENTS OF GOD."

T AM grateful beyond expression that so far as I know, no man or woman who has entered this Church with BY an honest heart has left it, provided he or she has kept the commandments of the Lord. I am grateful that as PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

people keep the commandments of the Lord they grow in the testimony, light and knowledge of the Gospel, in the love of it, and in a capacity to live it and to to him and to others the plates from which the Book inspire others to do so. On the other hand, I have seen of Mormon was translated, and of his testimony of the

men, no matter how high the position might be they divinity of that book; when I think of John the Baptist,

have reached, neglect their duties and turn away, and the identical man who baptized the Savior of the world, many of them have become enemies of the Church, full laying his hands upon his head and giving to him the of wickedness, and some of them have used every authority of the Aaronic Priesthood and then comeffort to destroy the Church. manding him and Joseph Smith, seeing they had the

There are two powers in this world: One of those authority, to baptize each other; when I think of those

powers tried to destroy the boy Joseph before he saw two men being promised that Peter, James, and John,

God and Jesus Christ. There are two spirits strivthe Apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ who stood at the

ing with all of us. There is no labor in which we head of the Church after the crucifixion of the Savior,

engage but that there is a spirit telling us, "Oh, you should come and restore the Apostleship again to the do not need to do that; it is a waste of time, and you earth, and that they came, as promised, and ordained

ought to be engaged in something else."On the other Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery; when I think of

hand there is a still small voice telling us what is right, the remarkable and wonderful revelations which were and if we listen to that still small voice, we shall grow given to this identical man, Oliver Cowdery, and then and increase in strength and power, in testimony and think of his being utilized as a scribe in the writing in ability not only to live the Gospel but to inspire of the Book of Mormon—and later apostatizing, it

others to do so. seems almost incredible that such a thing could happen.

My most earnest prayer is that every man and every Why did he apostatize? Simply because he did not

woman will get it into his and her heart that they are keep the commandments of God. Because he did not

in very deed the architects of their lives, the drawers of sustain and uphold the man who in the providence of the plan. We find recorded in the 29th Chapter of the Lord was called to stand at the head of this

Alma: "The Lord granteth unto men according to Church. You need have no fear, my dear brothers

the desires of their heart, whether it be unto life or and sisters, that any man will ever stand at the head death, joy or remorse of conscience."Let us have a of the Church of Jesus Christ unless our Heavenly

desire, so far as God has endowed us with the ability Father wants him to be there. You need have no fear

to do so, to keep His commandments, to seek for His that when one of the Apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ mind and will to govern us. I am grateful that nothing delivers a prophecy in the name of Jesus Christ, behas disturbed my faith in the Gospel of Jesus Christ cause he is inspired to do that, that it will fall by the

and that I do not know any man or woman whose faith wayside. I know of more than one prophecy, which,

has been disturbed who was faithfully keeping the looking at it naturally, seemed as though it would fall commandments of God. to the ground as year after year passed, but lo and

A revelation was given to Oliver Cowdery telling behold, in the providences of the Lord, that prophecy him that it was his duty to pray about things and to was fulfilled.

study them out in his mind, and then to ask God if they I rejoice in the Gospel. I know beyond a shadow

be right; that if they were right, the Lord would cause of a doubt that God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, the

his bosom to burn within him, and, therefore, he would Son of God, the Redeemer and Savior of mankind.

feel that they were right. But that if they were not I know that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the true

right, he would have no such feelings, but a stupor of and living God, the instrument in the hands of God thought that should cause him to forget the things of establishing again upon the earth the Gospel of Jesus which were wrong. Christ, and I know that he stands at the head of this

I have sometimes thought that people who had great dispensation; although he is on the other side, I know

manifestations needed a miracle, almost, every little that he is directing this work. May God help each and

while, to keep them in working order. When I think all of us so to live that as we grow in years and increase

of Oliver Cowdery's seeing Jesus Christ in the Kirtland in understanding we may grow in the light, knowledge

Temple; when I think of the Angel of God exhibiting and testimony of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

Applied christianity By DAVID O. McKAY

Of the First Presidency

pOR SIX THOUSAND YEARS AND MORE, THE HUMAN FAMILY

HAS SUFFERED FROM UNRESTRAINED EXPRESSIONS AND

MANIFESTATIONS OF SELFISHNESS, HATRED, ENVY, GREED

WHICH COULD HAVE BEEN AVERTED IF THE SaVIOr's SIMPLEST

TEACHINGS HAD BEEN OBSERVED.

PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

posed of all my property to my fam-

I ily. is thing wish more one There audience nationwide of KSL it profit, brethren, though doth THE "What my is I the that give could them, and the Broadcasting and Columbia faith, not hath he and havea say man

this talk the heard System Church on If that, religion. Christian they had faith save him?"works? can

a. Air. to the 11:30 11:00 m. oi I shillgiven not 2:14). them one had and (James—the T., S. morning on of Sunday M.

if rich; ing, they they be would and \0%th Semiannual Conference, Oc"significant passage, THIS James I that, given them not had 3, and toher had the 1937, Tabernacle from

INdecries the impotency of faith as all the world, they would be poor."in Salt Lake City. Many thousands

requests it have for copies of of come to religion gives intellectual perception one power Pure merely a fcethroughout America, from and sensual, sordid the selfish, of the rise above importance implies theand this yond. Because wide demand, of

application of truth to daily life and life of what Eucken calls "pure nabecause of its strong Christmas ap'peal, to statement because is a and to "experienables "faith is ture,"one that andconduct. He teaches

First the a by all men memberit of in life divinity above it expresses and beence a unlessdead and useless the the Presidency Church, of "Era"itself in a true life and true Christian yond the world of sensible reality."takes pleasure in reprinting it here

activities."There has been, and is "Without this rehgion,"this philfor Churchwide attention.

today, too much discrepancy beosopher continues, "no true civitween belief and practice, between lization is possible. A civilization

the proclamation of high ideals and declining all contact with a superbillion dollars to provide for the cost the application of these ideals to natural life and refusing to estabof the war and interest.

daily life and living. lish those mysterious inner relations And even now as the passing of

The Church of Jesus Christ of gradually becomes a parody of civtime dims the memory of that terLatter-day Saints, accepting Christ ilization."rible experience, we again hear

as the revelation of God to man, six years thousand more andbelieves that in His life and "pOR Jesus 'suffered family has the reveals of per- a standardteachings human sonal living, and of social relations, from unrestrained expressions and which, if fully embodied in individmanifestations of selfishness, hatred, ual lives and in human institutions, envy, greed—animal passions that

would not only ameliorate the preshave led to war, devastation, pestient ills of society, but bring happilence, and death. If the simplest

ness and peace to mankind. principles of the Savior's teachings

If it be urged that during the past had been observed the recent world two thousand years socalled Chriswar, for example, could have been tian nations have failed to achieve averted. The nation or nations that

such a goal, we answer that all failbegan that holocaust violated some ure to do so may be found in the fact standard or standards of the Christhat they have failed to apply the tian religion—with what result?

principles and teachings of true Seven million men killed. Five milChristianity. lion more dead of starvation and

To every sincere follower of disease. Twenty million wounded,

Christ, religion should denote not five million of whom are maimed and only a sense of relationship to God, crippled for life. Six million men

but also an expression of that feelimprisoned. Twenty million women

ing in actions with respect to right in Europe deprived of homes of their and wrong, and obligation to duty. own. Countless millions who sufThis was undoubtedly the kind fered privations in the trenches, and

of religion Patrick Henry had in in lonely homes of the poor. Fifty

mind when, in the closing scene of billion dollars'worth of material and his life, he said: "I have now disproperty destroyed. One hundred

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

"CHRIST PREACHING BY THE LAKE,"FROM A PAINTING BY HEINRICH JOHAN HOFFMANN

rumblings of threatened and deadsoul of man cowers, starved and sandbagged if you went out at ly conflict. Indeed, actually today fearful, in the midst of a civihzation night; no fear that you would have

in some parts of the world, horrors grown too complex for any mind to any uncollectible bills except are being enacted that make the visualize or to control. Joy and through accident or unpreventable

soul shudder. Innocent human bebeauty fade from human life. Yet misfortune; no fear that in a political

ings, noncombatants, helplessly, life, abundant, beauteous, laughing election there would be any bribery, desperately fleeing to save their life, has been our agelong labor's or in politics any graft, and no fear lives, are blown to pieces by deathend. What other conceivable worth that anyone anywhere was trying to

dealing missiles from the air; chilhas the mastery of the material 'do you'—Can you imagine all that?

dren left homeless, maimed, and world, the exploitation of the reIt would be heaven on earth! Of

slaughtered indiscriminately; starvsources of nature and the creation course, it cannot happen. Yet if all

ing mothers seeking to give away of wealth, except as a basis for the the destroyers of civilization could their famishing babes if by so dorelease of the life of the spirit?"be ehminated, and if the traits of

ing they can save their lives. BeWhat he says merits careful conthe rest of us that come from descause these atrocities are 6,000 or sideration. tructive strains could be eliminated,

8,000 miles away, we fail to sense an approach to such a state some fully the horror of it all. But "DuT WE need not cross oceans to hundreds of years hence is by no

imagine if they were here, and your see the effects of violations of means inconceivable."Let me

boy or girl, your mother, wife, or Christian ideals. Crime in our own again emphasize that such a desirbabe were subjected tO'such peril! country is costing about fourteen able state of human society is possible through obedience to GospelIf there be a means of averting such billion dollars a year—all in discalamities, plain common sense, to regard of Gospel teachings and principles.

say nothing of religion's appeal, ethics. "Can you imagine,"says If you are now thinking that the

would prompt its acceptance. These the author of The Builders of application of Christ's teaching is

things but emphasize the truth of America, "what this country would impracticable under modern condiwhat Hayden writes: be like if ten or twenty billion dollars tions, let me ask you to bring to

"Today, as seldom if ever before, a year were added to our national mind a few specific examples of human society is threatened with income? Even if you can imagine people who have devoted themdisintegration, if not complete chaos. the result do you realize what it selves to the common good. Recall

All the ancient evils of human rewould be like to feel no need of lockthe life of Florence Nightingale, lationships, injustice, selfishness, ing doors and windows, nor fear of and a million others like her, unabuse of strength, become sinister leaving your car unprotected, no heralded and unsung. Think of the

and terrible when reinforced by the danger that your wife or daughter Red Cross, a comparatively recent vast increase of material power. The would be insulted, or you yourself {Concluded on page 773)

JhiL CHURCH SECURITY PROGRAM ITS PRESENT AND FUTURE By HENRY D. MOYLE

Chairman, General Committee, Chunch Security Plan

HThe strongest among us must assist the weaker

TO become strong NOT SIMPLY TO CARE FOR

HIM IN HIS WEAKNESS.

HENRY D. MOYLE.

to contemplate the passage of an dependent citizens of this great naact of Congress which appropriated tion and commonwealth, or are we to are those us among who year as for one $2,850,000 a fund become wards of the government?THERE of the doubt both wisdom in locating crippled our to aid the states

present program and the abilchildren, and for providing medical Where Lies the Need ity of the Church to accomphsh its and surgical correctives and other Any member of this Church, no great purpose. This doubt is akin services and care, facilities for diagmatter what, if any, office he

to that lack of faith which causes nosis, hospitalization, and afterholds in the Priesthood, who says some people to question the divine care. that we have no present need for the

inspiration which guides and directs In turn, in each state, county, and Church Security program in our our great leaders. city, statutes of a similar nature are quorums, or in our wards, or in our

For over one hundred years our to be found, supplementing the work stakes, is unmindful of all that is history has been marked with progof the state and federal governgoing on about him. There may be

ress achieved by overcoming obments. To those who are not fasome quorums, some wards, perhaps

stacles appearing beforehand to be miliar with the extent to which these even some stakes, so fortunate as insurmountable. Through revelafederal and state statutes have gone, to have few cases of actual need

tion and inspiration we have real- a study thereof would be most inamong them. In such places, perized an organization of which we teresting. In Utah alone $50,000 haps, through a lack of vision of the

are justly proud, but we dare not was appropriated by the last state whole program, or through failure boast too much of this, because our legislature for the development of to visualize the needs and sufferwork is not done. We must conself-help cooperatives. ings of the whole Church, or pertinue to serve our everchanging haps in contemplation of the activneeds in a new social order. The existence of these statutes ities of the state and federal govsimilar places the laws other in aid a and the unfortunate, ernments of with are confronted That we us: issue before immediately now said that there social they condition cannot have need is nochanged we

inas free to continue and Are we evifor this irrefutable the of part the the program ondoubt. Among

dences of the new order we find new Church. But to these persons we

and heretofore unheardof federal need only say, in the words of the ago, laws. state Even a decadeand is given, much

that conceivable hardlyit was we OUTAnnualof the messagesConferenceof theof Semithe isSavior,required.""Where much

should have upon our statute books Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Nor is financial contribution the a federal social security act apSaintstober 1 heldto 3 ininclusive,Salt LakecameCity,severalOconly requirement made of them.

propriating for one fiscal year, the significant messages pertaining to These people, so fortunately situyear ending June 30, 1937, the sum the Church Security Program, which ated, are better able, perhaps of $49,750,000 as a grant to states is now more than ever, integrally and through education, training, and essentially a part for to calling circumstances, assistance,for plan for old age and to structure. with Church ofA themeetingpermanent aid their less in the similar brethren, fortunate or greatera amount the Authorities the General of

aggregate to be contributed by the Church brought stake presidents, and to help them work out their various states participating in this ward bishoprics, and security workindividual problems. Food and

ers together morning, on Monday clothing may be supplied. That isvast federal fund. We would have Hall. 4, in the October Assembly

been no less surprised with such The substance of these messages is perhaps the least difficult of all to statutes as the federal old age penhere epitomized by General Chairaccomplish. But never let us forget

sion, unemployment compensation man Henry D. Moyle wherein he that to restore to selfrespect, to

inresponsibility the of each capacity, in to states for earning to soinsurance, aid stresses or grants a place of dividual source and the member inciety, principal is the children, of this proto dependent aim and for maitiative for projects the plan. under

ternal and child welfare. We would gram. The strongest among us

have been surprised beyond measure must assist the weaker to become

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

Deseret News Photo, lO&th Semiannual

Conference, The Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. execution of these projects, so far The important part to be played

THESE MEN AND WOMEN AND THE OTHER as reported, 4,780 individuals have in this program by the president of

OF THOUSANDS THEYHUNDREDS WHOM REPsought their independence by pereach Priesthood quorum, the presiINDIVIDUALLY COLLECTRESENT, ARE AND

IVELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SUCCESS OF THE sonal participation therein. dent of each Relief Society organiCHURCH SECURITY PROGRAM. zation, and each bishop of each

ward, cannot be overstated. For

strong, the foresight of immediand SECURITY vision not simply to care for him CHURCH in his weakness. of the future needs ate and STATISTICS We are not unmindful of the of the quorum or ward, as wellpeopleas

figures represent following a The children or ofneeds of dependent for action, we must depend upon 116 reports received total from of persons or partially whollyworthy officers. these 541,087, stakes, population to June

incapacitated, either by age or phys30, 1937:

ical infirmity. rests security Their Bread Alone Not

all of projects of Number ablebodied. ever thewith It has

classes is that the 676 TThus it Ward Employto of the care aimbeen the Church persons of emNumber for these members through indiployed in all classifiment Committee of each ward vidual contributions, financial and cations 4780 must assume its full responsibility received....$ 120,046.09 offerings Fast this in respect, or of the peosome offerings, fastotherwise, through rendered by will ple preside they over whom the Relief Society.and through For Assistance 22,788.41 Relief Societythis purpose a minimum fast offering From tithing department necessarily suffer. We would not

of $1.00 per capita per year is needorders "H"and "HH"83,010.64 be Christians if we were not willing

Security for Donations to bread share our with our hungry is,ed. as this goal Small it has not 6,278.19 Program neighbor in need, is not hunger but Its reached. accomplishyet been poor to worthy Paid by

ment is still ahead of us. Until we bishops 144,562.32 the only cause of suffering. Men

services paid trained Hospital by been have and who women this goal, reached cannothave we 24,852.43 bishops their their lives, throughout and solution leastclaim difthe the of relief, for local Paid work life infathers before of them, to aficult problems. our of numerous Projects 39,642.21 Security

But it is the rehabilitation of all Paid for supplies for dustry and independence, and of of our ablebodied members, the storehouses 10,630.03 gaining for themselves through some

in wards, Number effort suffer Januseful a livelihood, canestablishment of their independence, 1, years over 18 uary seriously just as lack of throughwith its accompanying problems of needing employof age unemployment, which calls for our ment 4671 employment or opportunity of useduring employed ful Number source. service as from any other effort. united date,determined, To

the six 3223 months in Basically, has our is designedsome progress been program made in wards, June Number this direction. Six hundred seventy30, over 18 years of to find for each ablebodied person

six projects have been initiated, not age needing employin the Church an opportunity to by the General Committee, but ment 1848 labor in the field in which he can rather by the smallest units in our Numberprojectson Church work 2327 put his talents to the best use. Two

organization, namely, the Priesthood Number on Church direct major opportunities present themquorums, the ward Relief Societies, relief 3777 selves to each Ward Employment and the wards themselves. In the (Continued on page 786)

'f; s*i-

JOSEPH J. CANNON, FIRST ASSISTANT BURTON K. FARNSWORTH

SUPERINTENDENT SECOND ASSISTANT SUPERINTENDENT

GEORGE Q. MORRIS, SUPERINTENDENT

FROM THE NEW SUPERINTENDENCY OF THE YOUNG MEN'S

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

*T'o OUR brethren and beloved associates throughout the truth, and live it before all men. This is the high

the worldwide Church of Jesus Christ we use this purpose of all our teachings, of all our activities, of season of greeting and good will to send our salutation all our service and labors, and it is a purpose, which, and appreciation to every loyal member of this auxuppermost at all times, seems yet more hallowed at this iliary of a Church which enters every needful field of season of Christmas, at which we greet you in the name life here, and carries man to his high destiny hereafter. of Him who established for all the pattern of unselfish

While we have nominally been serving as the Genservice in a divine cause.

eral of Superintendency Men's Mutual the Young In appreciation of your loyalty and devotion, we are.

since AssociationImprovement the delayed last May, return from Europe of one of our number marks this Your brethren.

as the first opportunity we have had to extend greetings as a quorum of three. And we wish to add twofold

purpose to the occasion by expressing our appreciation for the great satisfaction we have had in laboring with the retiring Presidency of our companion organization, the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association, and in expressing our sincere satisfaction with the appointment of the New Presidency. To these eminently wellqualified women we pledge anew our loyal

support.

The Mutual Improvement Association calls all the General Superintendency of the young men and women of the Church to rise to their Young Men's Mutual Improve'high destiny; to know the truth and love it; to teach ment Association.

HELEN S. WILLIAMS, FIRST COUNSELOR VERNA W. GOODARD, SECOND COUNSELOR

LUCY GRANT CANNON, PRESIDENT

FROM THE NEW PRESIDENCY OF THE YOUNG WOMEN'S

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

will chief "And whosoever be servlet him be among you your Christmas season, At this hearts our are when melant, as the even of Son not to ministered came be Man unto but to lowed our thoughts and turned to taught Him whominister life his to give and for a ransom many."

by precept and example the greatest lesson of service,

Tn the call which has come to us we see opportunity we send you greetings and hope that in our lives we for added service to you, our dear fellow workers. may exemplify His teachings, and that we may do as.We accept our assignment in the spirit of service and He did—lose ourselves in the service of mankind.

Yours in devotion to the youth of the Church,in Wehumility.reahze that in this Church the work of no one

can be acceptable unless it is actuated by the Spirit of our Father in Heaven.

There is love in our hearts for you and the M. I. A.

cause. We appreciate your service and, if we succeed,

one of the factors will be your loyalty and faithfulness.

One of the joys in this work is being surrounded by intelligent, earnest, humble leaders and workers such

General Presidency of the Young are. inas you beheve the youth of the Church; We Women's Mutual Improvement are sure they are goingwe to fulfill forward a glorious Association,

destiny.

7iil... LUCY G. CANNON RUTH MAY FOX CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

THE RETIRING GENERAL PRESIDENCY OF THE YOUNG WOMEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

CAREERS OF SERVICE TO YOUNG WOMANHOOD

Presidency Board of reorganization and General of the HThe

AssociationSELDOM in the run of human exImprovement Mutual the Young Women's perience does one meet such recalls notable names and notable events in the cause of drama as is the substance of the upbuilding Zion's girlhood and womanhood.

life of Ruth May Fox. for eight years

the general president of the Young

Women's Mutual Improvement Association of all the world, whose By MARBA C JOSEPHSON retirement was announced by the

First Presidency on October 29, 1937, following her resignation.

Ruth May Fox's life is an intershe was called July 15, 1902, by the the Primary, and finally became the esting series of contrasts. Obscurely First Presidency to labor as a mispresident, serving for nineteen years.

born in England, November 16, sionary on Temple Square, a service In 1895, she became president of

I. A. of the Fourteenth 1853, of honorable parents who which she continued to render for the Y. L. M.

could have no hope of great achievetwenty-seven years. In addition to Ward and although she was called

activity, as this served she a Sunday country, has their she inment own EIGHTY DESCENRUTH FOX MAY HER AND in the Fourteenth teacher School AS PICTURED DANTS, HER ON THEY HONORED recogniattainlived worldwide to

IN BIRTHDAY. (INCLUDED EIGHTIETH HER City, Salt of Utah. Lake is of Wardtion. example more one Hers ALSO PICTURE ARE THE HAVE MANY WHO

in of the presidency acted she Later MARRIAGE.) BY FAMILY ENTERED THE influence ofthe enlightening a great

faith.

Deprived of a mother's love when

Ruth May was under two years of age, she has borne twelve children, ten of whom are still living. Leaving her home country when she was

only nine, under the cover of darkness to avoid the prying eyes of neighbors, she returned for a six weeks'stay in the land of her fathers.

Herself a convert to the Church,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

PICTURE RETIRING OF GENERAL THE BOARD

OCCASION ON OF THETAKEN PRESIAll who have been fortunate in the spiritual guidance not only of the FORMER this of of people but BIRTHDAY, NOV. 84TH FOX'S community, RUTHDENT MAY her have enough to know16, 1937, PICTURE ABSENT THE WHEN WAS lands. come to youngthousands in many KATIE CLARISSATAKEN WERE quahties. C. appreciate her sterling

in this great personal achievements S.JENSEN, Your ILEEN WASPE, KNOWLTON, A.AGNESBEESLEY,

MARIE C. THOMAS, GRACE C. NESLEN. These are well expressed by the field of service will be held aloft in the

mayor of her city who, upon reading years to come as a guide to those who of her retirement, wrote the followtake up your labors in the interest of huto the General Board in 1898, she ing letter: manity.

still served as president of the ward Dear Mrs. Fox: For your great service, may everlasting

other blessings with happiness attend you is It of sense appreciationuntil with a deep 1904. has served on the She

is prayer; so richly deserved, hope and my of outstanding that your accomplishments forGeneral of the Board Mutual

to Sincerely yours, I extend behalf the you, people of on innearly forty years, having acted City, of Salt best wishes our love and Lake B. E. Erwin.the presidency Presidents under as of retire from the presidency you the (Continued on page 790) AsMutual Improvement Young Women'sElmina S. Taylor H. and Martha

Tingey. sociation. LUCY GRANT CANNON AND HER HUSBAND,

AS THEIR J. CANNON, WITH FAMILY

AGO ON THEIR YEARS TEN Many honors have come to Sister energyThroughouthave beenthe years,dominatingyour visioninfluencesand THEYGEORGEAPPEARED

Fox as a result of her exceptional TWENTYFIFTH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY.

work. In 1913 she was sent as a

delegate to the National Council of

Women to represent both the Mutual and the Relief Society. When

the federated clubs of Salt Lake City sought to honor the women who had done the most outstanding work in the community, Ruth May Fox was one of the seven women chosen.

She has been privileged to travel extensively in behalf of the work of the Mutual, thus fulfilling an early blessing given to her by Maria Y.

Dougall when she said that she would speak before many nations, some of whom would not understand her only as it should be given them by the spirit. She carried the message of the Mutual to the Hawaiian

Islands during the summer of 1936.

During the past summer she has carried the message to some of the peoples in Europe, The OUTLAW

?!S of NAVAJO

MOUNTAIN

cJhe Story of [Posey, JLast QakUte Outlaw R. LYMAN &- By ALBERT

to difficult even where embarrassingly region Posey for Pomcomers, of in the wild and lawless control. Finally leader a Pahneab, young half a century than together, more Colorado comeTHEUtah,STORYArizona,THUSNewPAR:Mexico,Downand

ago Kit Carson rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Pe, New Mexico, of the hoodlum element, was arrested with to keep them there in the "bullpen"[or three years. While the Navajos were being thus Dutchie's boy and brought to trial for holdharshly disciplined, a disaffected handful of Pah'Utes broke away from their tribe north ing up a sheepherder at gun's point. Posey

of the San Juan River and took possession of Navajo Mountain in Navajo territory. When entered the schoolhouse courtroom and durthe Navajos came back, these PahUte renegades refused to vacate the Navajo country ing the noon recess aided the defendants to

and bad blood resulted. Sowagerie (Posey) the central character of this story was a break for liberty, with Sheriff Oliver in full

child of one of the PahUte renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy. Bitseel, a pursuit. Quickly organized posses rounded

son of the ousted Navajo, was Posey's most bitter enemy. In the midst of this tense situup many PahUtes whom this quick exation in 1879, a colony of Mormons was sent down to settle the San Juan country, largely plosion of events caught unaware in Bland'

for the purpose of improving relationships with the Indians. Thales Haskel was their ing. Posey hastened to organize his tribe

flight, but found that and for the Navajos psychology. But skilled dialect in and Indian man chief interpreter—a fully accepted. not Manyhis leadershipwere reluctantwas settlement. During other upon the Mormon continued to prey and eachPahUtes upon

one skirmish when cowboy avengers scattered the tribe, the renegade son, Sowagerie. was to take the Big Trail while their kinsmen

momentarily separated from the tribe with Toorah, little sister of Poke, the PahUte leader. were held captive in Blanding, and others

This brief interlude marked the beginning of the smoldering romance that caused Sowagerie refused to move without notifying Poke, bravely to change his name to Posey and vainly dress himself in fine clothes, braid his hair, who was living aloof from the tribe at and put on war paint. This interest in his little sister, however, was relentlessly disapRecapture. These embarrassments to

proved by Poke, who looked upon the "apostate"Posey as "Skunk,"and so referred to Posey's position caused costly delays and him. During one period of tribal disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, disappeared damaging concessions on his part. After with her brothers, and all Posey's searchings for her were in vain. Posey finally secured the tribe was finally under way—still withvague information concerning Toorah's whereabouts, and these two lovers madly dashed out Poke—and after several light skirmishes

to freedom. Their new found freedom together was soon interrupted, however, when with posses, Posey returned to Blanding by

Poke accidentally stumbled upon their hiding place. But he was in trouble and his ugly night to discharge a costly promise to the

thfeatening gave way to surly compromise. Posey now entered upon the most recklessly tribe thai he would effect the escape of his

happy part of his life. But shortly later, in an act of playfulness, occurred the greatest captive tribesmen, but found them safely tragedy of Posey's life—the shooting of his beloved wife by his own hand. His unstowed away in the basement of the schoolbounded sorrow was made more terrible by the avenging pursuit of Toorah's brother. house with heavily armed guards at every

Poke. But the two met under circumstances which enabled Posey to save Poke's life, entrance.

wherefore Posey was relieved of further vengeance on that score by agreeing to pay a high indemnify and by agreeing to marry another of Poke's sisters—a disagreeable superChapter XX Broken Charmannuated maiden-—which circumstance began another career of heckling evil. Later a

handful of Mormon settlers from Bluff captured Posey in a humiliating manner, put him in irons and brought him before a justice of the peace, where he was bound over to appear at the next session of the district court. By a ruse Posey later escaped and went into chance had

with white first experience personal exile at shaken by his Mountain. was Navajo He W.HATeffect the escape of his their forgiveness and Posey to asking inhabitants justice to Bluff, theman's of and sent word

pledging to mend his ways. The charges were withdrawn and Posey returned to the tribesmen? If he started something

community on temporary good behavior. But as the terror of his exile began to fade, the the guards might slaughter the whole

not steps that to see took in his would greater mind, he humiliation and it loomed of defenseless in the basecompany to gun, and long by learningit purchase to how range a Colorado again going by happen ment. stand a Anyway they would separated could be ir,stalled communities telephones used could be the recently and how

by cutting wires. Thus prepared, he returned to his old ways with a vengeance. In the good chance of shooting him or his

midst of this situation Poke's son, Tsene-gat, was accused of robbing and killing a sheepmare.

herder. Peace officers came to arrest him. In the skirmish that followed, both PahUtes

and whites were killed. Posey had treacherously used a flag of truce to protect himself It was a hopeless case. He burnwhile he gained shooting position. General Hugh L. Scott was sent out from Washington ed -with dread and shame for the

Tsene-gat, Jess in this Posey, Poke, tragedy. Posey and the to government represent whitefeather report have he would

trial. released exonerated, treated they were by and Royally taken io for were Denver people, but he had to make to his interpreted act as treatment they an sent generous This home. of andthe government

weakness, and began to plan further misdeeds. With an increasing belief in his own ridden far, the night was already

immunity from all punishment, Posey acquired another long range gun, traveled a long well spent, and since he had promregion, to in the superior anything that horse San adistance to purchase Juan was to and ised and Mike, see Jack Fly, Jim to that conflict destined preparacome. His the inevitable was prepared for in other ways in tending, others sheep the upper Bitseel Posey's with in which another tions, gambling affray however, were interrupted by

prize horse was involved and from which he extricated himself by striking Bitseel with fields, he hurried away to have it the butt of a revolver and dashing for freedom—thus postponing another final meeting. over with before the dawn.

Then Posey's activities were spent in organizing and firing to violence the hoodlum element of the tribe—an element, which having been inspired to violence proved Finding Jack he told him the wild

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

other. The east wall of the Comb

is smooth and perpendicular, being a tremendous upheaval. From its

knifelike top the bare, cavernous rocks slope down eastward to the bottom of the Butler.

By the direction of Pahneab, or someone else equally stupid, the

Indians had stopped on the tig reef midway between two of the possible passes westward where they might be easily hemmed off from escape.

In that dangerous place they sat down to wait for General Posey and the captives he had promised

UP IN PAHNEAB DREW A to liberate and bring with him. CONVULSED KNOT AND

YELL, A TERRIBLE GAVE trail from Black CHINAJO, "QUIEN EM Down over their SON

A CHINGAJO!"HE MANMesa on the east they saw the posse

SINKTO SAY WITH AGED ING EMPHASIS, FELL coming like wolves to get them, and AND

THEIN A SAND.WRITHING HEAP ON the dangerous elements within their

own ranks began to seethe with suicidal heat. The war spirit contended with fear, faith with mutiny.

The war spirit sent three men to lie in ambush in the tall brush by the deep wash in the bottom of the valley. It was a clever plan with

Anson Posey as the leading spirit.

The three hid where they could sweep the main trail with their bullets to annihilate the whole posse if it should come that way.

But they waited in vain. Dave

Black, the captain of the posse, ordered his men to stay out of the wash, to cross above and get around on the hillside to the west. There

they got a glimpse of the three in waiting, though not soon enough,, for the ambushers scrambled off into the wash and barely escaped being cut off from returning to the eagle's nest above them.

Then from their lookout the Pahson didn't Posey come? He was Utes saw their general coming

to have joined them in the Butler down the valley on his mare, all and he was to have with him the alone. Apparently he would ride

prisoners from town. Here they straight into the guns of the white

State of affairs, told him to tell the were in the Butler with this persismen before he saw them. Something

to him. save must done be what But tent determinedly pack of Mormons off to the lopedothers, then he and could they do? Nothing would to in sight and behind them no one bewest, for nimbus unwelcome an

his better please Black and men crisis. the handle horizon. eastern in thegan to show for to than the Indians down come else to do, and knowing what Not

"TAYLiGHT found the fugitives with advisers like Pahneab to diout of their defense. They watched

crossing Black Mesa and the rect them, they climbed westward and hesitated. Their unprecedented

posse sniffing their trail out of Cotfrom the valley of the Butler to the bad luck since this trouble started tonwood. In the absence of his gensharp rim overlooking the Comb had begun to chill their spirits.

eral, the rattlebrained Pahneab had Wash, and camped on a lofty point The old general's quick eyes plenty to say about their policy or eagle's nest, from which they grasped the situation at once, a situof action. Teegre and Anson Pocould scan the country in all direcation which he knew would be difsey wrestled with the problem of tions. It was still early in the day, ficult to meet. His first object was

averting disaster into which he but they fumed at the delay and to get by Black's men and join his threatened to plunge them. the uncertainty. Surely something people on the reef. When he saw

The second wife, impatient that had gone wrong with the general. that they had headed him off in the

they had not waited for her brother The Butler and the Comb run bottom, he turned back hoping to according to plan, refused to be pacsouthward in an unusual parallel climb the west side, and if he could ified. Mutinous rumblings from for thirty miles. They are nowhere beat them to the top he would folwithin the company boded more more than three miles apart, with low down the knifeedge rim to the

harm to them than all the threatenonly three places where it is poscamp. Most of Black's men were

ings from without. And why in reasible to go from one over into the {Continued on page 783)

THE LARGEST SCOUT CAMPFIRE EVER HELD WITH OVER THIRTY THOUSAND

BOYS GATHERED AROUND AT THE FIFTH WORLD JAMBOREE, HOLLAND.

YOUTH IN ACTION FOR By OSCAR A. WAS a thrilling sight to see our PEACE KIRKHAMIT American delegation of eight Executive Secretary of the

hundred fourteen Scouts come FiegionalY. M. M.ScoutI. A.;Executive,Deputy

marching into the great arena lead12th Region.

ing the parade at the opening of the fifth Jamboree held in World Bloem- 'VTT'hen thirty thousand young men from fortythreeendaal - Vogelenzang, Holland.

nations gather around a campfire, clasp hands inFortythree nations were there, each with a representative organidaily meeting, and sleep under the stars together zation of Scouts and Scouters with that's the MAKING OF PERMANENT PEACE.

banners and national flags flying and bands playing inspiring music. decorated with red, white, and blue real host, brought up the rear with

It took nearly two hours for them flowers, and thousands of others her thousands of happy Scouts.

to march past the royal reviewing marching on and on singing and An American leader's wife penned stand where Queen Wilhelmina of cheering. these lines as she reviewed the great

Holland,World Chief Scout Lord Holland, true to the spirit of the march:

BadenPowell, our own great Scout and Camp Chief, Dr. James E.

West, and many other leaders of world Scouting reviewed this great pageant of youth.

There were eight thousand British representatives, the largest Scout THE QUEEN OF delegation to attend a World JamTHE NETHERLANDS boree outside of their own country. WELCOMESBOYS OF FORTYTHE

THREE NATIONSThere were Indians with their

THE WORLDcolorful turbans, Hungarians with TOJAMBOREE, AS SIR their attractive headgear, Japanese STANDSBADENPOBY.W ELL

with hundreds of tiny flags flying,

Poles with their attractive capes and caps, French Scouts swinging along with their Scout staffs, colorfully

IAmericanre are (1stContingent'srow, left Dito "THE BOY SCOUT JAMBOREE"right)At theOscarclosingKirkham,cam pf

Gkinner Wilson rector John Chief of Activities, Camp faces, eagerThirty thousand KiRKHAM, who Writes SCAR Prince aide. Bernhard, Bernhard's Prince England,

high, Thirty held heads thousand Netherlands, of of relative the Chief The Scout reofa this brief and colorful (left rearThirty to hi Juliana, row Princess Scouts thousand marching and Crown Boy

Dr. Lt. the right) Col. Oud Alblas, A. Blusse Van are fifth World Jamof the eye. port cheer a sight to what

Executive and Chief AmerScout E. West, James Scouters, boree Scouts and of Prince Chief, of Sweden Gustav Adolphus ican CampThirty voices thousand cheering

Holland's Queen, so great and good; was honored with the appointand Lord BadenPowell.

Thirty thousand young hearts surging ment of Director of Programs

Toward the goal of brotherhood. for the American Contingent mon cause, of friendship and brothForty nations'flags unfurling and was also selected as a erhood.

In the breeze of Netherland—member of the International Our Scouts were then surprised

Surely pause must and ponder men this O'er band". Conference of Scouters which and delighted to hear the Queen modern "Crusade

met at the Hague. These sigaddress them in English:

Blessings these goodwill makers; on

all to countries, nal honors came Deputy Scouts by welcoming from their campflres cease; never May

I all to would like you kingdom you my Executive Regional Kirkham all the the of nations GodMay I appreciate and to you much how know his in recognition their Peace! with brotherhood Crown of

I in interest movement. take your distinwhat

guished service to Scouting. It after that satisfaction see is a for me to It was a sight never to be forthis fine organiyears of fruitful endeavor

gotten when these thirty thousand zation has grown into a world movement, classes of all from all naincluding boys atScouts great the conclusion of the ers. in bleachers the thousands The tions, citizens prepares and them to be good into the dashing arenaparade came occaof in the the great joined joy men. and good

flying, colors shoutingwith and imso deeply were sion and many cheering and rushing across the open pressed that they stood in wonder In replying Lord BadenPowell field to the Royal reviewing stand and awe at the great sight before said:

will sure every Scout carry home I amagain to be welcomed by their leadof encouragement Majesty's message them—not youth just rushing across Your

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM (SECOND FROM LEFT) a great open field but Scouts of the and it will help them all to carry on the

NATIONS. STANDING OF SEVERAL SCOUTS WITH rallying great here to doing are worthy one great work and in the you IS A world OSCAR KIRKHAM AT THE RIGHT OF

all to privileged are greatly in joining great purpose, We comworld. one INDIAN RAJAH. TURBANED

have our Jamboree here in Holland country of bold adventurers, great men who have achieved such success in art, commerce, industry and, above all, the land of many conferences and deliberations for bringing peace to this world. Today Your

Majesty has given us immense encouragement to go forward in our task in the

Scout brotherhood, which has now become a Junior League. We hope, helped by the

inspiration given us today, to develop that peace among nations which so far statesmen seem to have failed to achieve through their discussions.

'T'he daily program included the regular routine of camp life, reveille, arising at seven, prepara- ( Concluded on page 779)

are We COME TO WORSHIP

WARD, MAESER UINTAH STAKE. THIS

SUBSTANTIALLY STRUCBEAUTIFUL By MARY R. JACK TURE OF BRICK WILL STAND FOR

GENERATIONS AS A MONUMENT TO General Secretary o[ the Pri

FAITH THE in BethJesus born AND when INDUSTRY was "Now Association OF mary and a Member SO WISELY AND WHO BUILT of lehem in the days Judea of Herod

WELL. the SOTHOSE Church Beautification of the king, behold, there wise from came men

the east to Jerusalem, Committee.

"Saying, Where is he that is bom King of the Jews? for we have seen his star in

the east, and are come to worship him."J-Jere in these chapels, built by our united efforts, beautified BY the works of OUR HANDS, WE GATHER TOGETHER

it was IN THE NAMEOF THE LoRD AND INVITE HiM TO BE IN OUR MIDST.FROM the beginning of time

predicted that the Son of God to dwell would come among though or three but two were gathIn communities people where the tomen. Prophets appointed were

in ered together His name. were affluent, spacious buildings revealed Himself. Thesewhom He

went to and fro in the earth proIn the erection of these meetingand halls were erected, and surclaiming His name, preparing His houses, as in the building of the roundings were beautiful to a high way. Houses were built to His name temples, was evidenced a faith and degree. But in most of the communities the people were poor devotion beautiful and to behold. Everythat a place have wherein He might the erection in inof chapels many its community must haveto dwell, to "rest a place head."organized His

called sacrifice. forth real chapel which, though humble, was stances Then, glorious night sign one His all available exthe finest money was When that funds or labor couldappeared wise bearing men, and pended, farm or produce cooksupply. home

gifts, journeyed far with but obone to ery helped for provide necessaryjective—to find and worship Him. expenses. Labor was willingly doWith heavenly announcements nated. Timber and rock were

and manifestations, overpowering hauled from adjacent canyons. Carin their sublimity, the humble of the pet rags were stitched or the wool of

earth left their flocks. They, too, sheep donated, dyed, spun, and

would worship. woven to provide covering for the

And they found Him "lying in a floor. Where the wool was not quite

manger."sufficient, the women and children

—theWhathouseshad becomebuilt toof HisHis templesname? barbedgleanedwirewhatfencescouldandbebushesfoundalongon

Can it be that they had become so the sheep trail.

polluted they could no longer furnThe following story is typical of ish Him sanctuary? One, at least, the attitude and faith of the people

had become a "den of thieves."in the erection of these houses of

THIS OLD STRUCTURE OF BRICK AND STONE

IS STILL FUNDAMENTALLY SOUND, AND ITS worship

FIRM WALLS BE MAY YET CONVERTEDENTURiES passed—eighteen hunINTO "The ward of which I am about to A THING OF BEAUTY AS ARCHITECT'S THE

dred years. Another prophet, DRAWING BELOW INDICATES. {Concluded on page 780)

scarcely more than a boy, was anointed to proclaim Him, to prepare

His way, and to build Him an house. >1-

His Church was reestablished and

His house was built by the sacrifice of the Saints who were glad to share their meager lot or to give their all for His sake. He accepted their

temple and others that were built.

His work rolled forth as "the little stone cut from the mountain without hands"and the members of His Church became multitude. Through

the inspiration of His prophets, other houses were built where the Saints -i AA:

might meet together often to worship and to learn of Him. Here He had

promised to be in their midst even

Party dress

TpHE STORY OF A ChrISTMAS IN WHICH THERE IS SOMETHING was a OF HEARTBREAK—-SOMETHING OFlovely time—oh,G'HRiSTMASa lovely, lovely HOPE

time! The words sang themselves

over in Lois Heath's heart as she looked about the gaily decorated BY living room which seemed to take on new dignity and beauty from the CHRISTIE red and green trimmings hung about and the large Christmas tree standLUND ing proudly in one corner.

True, she wasn't a child this year.

The thrilling mystery of Christmas was gone. No longer did she lie

awake in feverish anticipation. Yet

there was a thrill in feeling herself a young woman, in sharing in the plans for her younger sisters and brother. There was a thrill in knowing that this year she would go to

her first real Christmas party. And "This is pretty early to be asking

I thought I'dwith whom! for a date, but—well,

Gerald Richey, star halfback at better get lined up for June WatSouth High, and basketball captain, kin's party. Would you like to go?"

had asked her to a Christmas Eve "Why, of course I would,"she party at one of the nicest homes in had assured him, flushing, while he town. Perhaps it would be the bestood smiling at her almost as though

ginning of a young romance, the beshe were a child. Just then the

ginning of many lovely things.... librarian gave them an ominous "Teu&mVM.TH

OUTOF VOICES UNCONSCIOUS glance, QUITE so and whispered: SHE WAS he winked overstuffed the arose from She UNTIL ON VERANDA SIDE THE THE WINDOW later.""I'll call you SAY, "WHO'S THE MAN A YOUNG HEARD SHEsofa to the near mantle walked and

JERRY'S HEARD GIRL FRIEND, JERRY?"AND

the tree. Gazing at her reflection in VOICE SAYING, "LOIS HEATH, HAVEN'T YOU

the mirror she asked herself: "Why JToR three weeks she had MET HER?"

did he ask me?"lived with the memory of that moAny girl would have been proud ment close to her heart. For three the hips, with a basque waist. Of

to go with him. Why, then, had weeks her whole being had thrilled course it was out of style now, with

she been asked? She who was so in happy anticipation. Only one its skirt that was several inches

quiet, so plainly dressed? True, she thing had marred her happiness, shorter on the one side. But they

was pretty. Her hair, as she saw it made the thought of the party less could fix it; she was sure they could.

now, was a soft brown with just a perfect. Mrs. Heath held the blue taffeta

touch of gold in it, and her eyes were She was not going to have a new dress up to the light, looked at it blue... very, very blue. While dress! carefully, then turning to her two

"It's hesitantly, said, daughters girls, at sixteen,her even give to and wanted had skin—few Dad Mom places. in practically threadbare pink, skin naturally the glowinghad but, of one, the her with expense

it apart; can't take afraid I'm we yet, the other possessed.she And just afford couldn't Christmas, they

it is."to we'll it the leave have waygirls flashily so were more much it. it that might be asked had She protested, "But, mother,"Kathie theirpretty paint with and powder, until only exher they present had

it like can't have "We nails,their their robinred smart that—shorter that afford plained could only they

this side basque with and one on talk.clothes smarter and to dollars the of each on two spend."

.. waist. her! asked But Strange he had pitichildren. four a seemed That are basques wearing "Theylittle of shivers excitement went up fully there small going but sum, was again."spine her time each sheand down for to dinner turkey dressing with be

this this, like not not "Yes, but it. ofthought of the pudding. plum each and And long, loose."or

pencilsharp- children the a little met at had They had to have money all for a thoughtful were They library.ener in the school presents, of another to had one buy and He of thinking to moment, some way pencil,offered to her sharpen tree the and course they they which had dress the old and glamormake new talking.afterward, they last afford stood able had year. hadn't to been ous, of occasion. the worthy Sudunexpectedly,Quite looked he had older Kathie, her But and Mom the rose denly Kathie and went into

at her extremely with his dark, sister, going were one to make returned, she she of bedroom. Whenstraightforward eyes asked: and for dresses her; Kathie's over and taffeta carried over her another arm

""Are you going to be busy Christshe was sure it would be nice. It dress, pink and of even older origin.

mas Eve?"had been such a pretty dress, pale "Look,"she said, "There's enough

She had hesitated, then murmurblue taffeta, with a full skirt held good in this to make a cute little ed: "No, I don't think so."out on each side by tiny hoops over (Continued on page 781)

The story of our HYMNS By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent of the Deseret

Sunday School Union and First Assistant Chairman of the General Music

Committee

And there were in the same country field, in the shepherds abiding keeping IN A MANGER their night. flockwatch over by XXIII. Ciway in a AWAY

lo, the the of angel Lord And, upon came Luther By Martin them, the the of glory round shone Lord and afraid. sore them: theyabout and were crib for in a manger, no I Hanger AWAY the not: said them, angel unto Fear And bed, His

I for, tidings bring behold, good you of By MARTIN LUTHER little lay Jesus His Lord The down all to great joy, shall people. be which head; wee

is this in the unto day, For born you stars tke in looked heavens The is city of David, Christ Savior, which a lay, where down He the Lord.

little the asleep Jesus, on Lord The this shall sign unto be a you: And Ye hay.

shall find in the babe swaddling wrapped clothes, in lying a manger. Chorus

there the suddenly angel with was And...... asleep, the asleep Asleep

of host, multitudea the praising heavenly in Savior a stall!

saying. God, and

...... the asleep, asleep

to in highest, the Glory earth Asleep and on God all! of Lord

will peace, men. good toward

it to the pass, as came angels were And cattle poor were The lowing,—the into from thegone heaven, them away wakes; baby

said to another.shepherds us one Let now little crying Jesus, But no Lord He

this even unto Bethlehem, thing seego and makes;

is to pass,which the which come Lord I love look Jesus, Thee, Lord down us.hath unto made known sky, the from

haste, they with found came And and cradle stay to watch by And my theMary, in and Joseph, lying a and babe lullaby.

manger.

it, they seen had they when And made near me, Jesus; I ask Lord Be Thee

the told saying abroadknown which was to stay this child. concerning them for ever, love Close me, and by me

it all that they heard at And wondered I pray;

those things which were told them by the all the dear children in Thy MARTIN LUTHER Blessshepherds. care; tender

And take us to heaven, to live with

THISrecordedbeautifulby SaintChristmasLuke instory,the pointCatholicto Church—howhis controversyhis withincreasthe Thee there.

New Testament (2:8-18), was ing antagonism to the edicts of the

the inspiration for Martin Luther's Church reached its height when new ed, and my conscience is held by the sweet song "Away in a Manger,"indulgencies authorized by Pope word of God. I cannot and will not

which is published as number 214 in Leo X were offered by the Pope's retract anything, for to act against

Deseret Sunday School Songs. It is emissary, the Dominican monk, TetConscience is unsafe and unholy...

another of those adopted gems zel; how the Papal Bull condemning Here I stand, God help me. Amen."

chosen by the Latterday Saints for Luther was burned by him in the children's use in Sunday School, public square at Wittenburg; how Securing a delay, he was on his

Primary, and the home, as it has this finally led to his dramatic apway to Wittenburg when he was been by every other Christian depearance before the Diet at Worms kidnapped by his friends, who nomination for centuries. where he refused to retract ( 1 ) his thought his life was in danger, and

Martin Luther, the father of the writings about faith and morals; ( 2 carried to the Castle of the WartReformation, was born in Eisleben, his condemnation of the Papacy and burg in the top of the Thuringian

Saxony, November 10, 1483. He Popish doings which he averred had hills, where he remained an exile

was the son of Johann Luther, a slate ruined Christianity, body and soul, for nearly a year. Here he transcutter, who early discovered his and ( 3 ) his attack upon private perlated the Bible into the German and

boy's superintelligence and sent him sons. wrote songs.

to school at Mansfield and then to "I must be convinced,"he said, (It was a thrilling moment to the the Franciscan establishment of "either by the witness of scripture or writer of this article when during

Magdeburg. by clear arguments, for I do not trust the last summer he stood in that

Space will not permit the publicaeither pope or councils by themroom, sat in Luther's chair, examined tion of a detailed history of the draselves, since it is manifest that they his Bible and saw the mark on the matic life of this great reformer. have often erred and contradicted wall made by the ink bottle which,

This may be found in any encyclothemselves—for I am bound by the legend says, Luther threw at the

pedia. However, it is proper to Holy Scriptures which I have quotdevil. Wartburg, too, was the loca750

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

tion of Wagner's great opera of is the art of the prophets, the only the children of the Latterday Saints.

Tannhauser, art that can calm the agitations of At Christmas time, with a dramatic

On June 15, 1525, Luther married the soul. It is one of the most magsetting of the newborn King in the

Catherine von Bora, 25 years of age, nificent presents God has given us. manger, it has thrilled the hearts of

of noble Saxon family, who with... I always loved music; whoso millions of little ones and made the

eight other sisters had left a convent. has skill in this art, is of good temolder ones glad. Luther's love for

It was a happy marriage and six perament, fitted for all things. We little children was great. It is said

children were born to them. He is must teach music in schools. A that he wrote "Away in a Manger"

said to have been a tender husband schoolmaster ought to have skill in about 1530, for his little boy, Hans, and a most loving father. music, or I would not regard him, to be sung at a Christmas celebraLuther was excommunicated, but neither should we ordain young men tion.

his doctrines spread throughout as preachers, unless they have been

Europe, resulting in the Protestantwell exercised in music."The sweet simplicity of the lines

ism of today. He died at Eisleben Luther believed in congregational appeals to one's imagination

stars in the bright sky looked down "Thein in 1546, buried Wittenand was singing as an expression of the faith lay he where isburg. in the grave, His but body its of the reformers. little He perceived in the hay."asleep Jesus Lord The

his soul goes marching on. power to promulgate his doctrine, so

Martin Luther was both a poet he wrote hymns for the people Many tunes have been provided and a musician. And as a student hymns that were easily understood; for this little song. No doubt Luther

if so it hasof human nature he knew that the that would move the heart as well composed his own setting;

people craved the privilege of praisas appeal to the mind. He got away been forgotten. The one best known'

ing God in song and in their own from the Latin chants and rituals. and loved by the children of the

tongue. In 1 524 his German Church He wrote for prince and peasant. Latterday Saints is that printed in

Hymn Book was published, which And his hymns and compositions the Sunday School song book by was the beginning of German Prodid more to free the people from Charles H. Gabriel, a composer of

testant hymnology. His first book error and superstition than all his revival songs.

contained only eight hymns, half of preaching. If you desire a Christmas thrill,

them written by himself. In speak- "Away in a Manger"is a song get your family together before the

ing of music, Luther said: "Music much loved by the entire Christian flickering firelight on Christmas Eve

"ARRIVAL OF THE SHEPHERDS."world, and is especially popular with and sing of The Babe of Bethlehem.

From a picture by Henri LeRolli.

m THE MISSION iNEW ENGLAND By REED W. BERRETT

Publicity Director of the New England Mission

At No. 7 Concord, within view of Harvard Common, now stands a mission

headquarters from which is directed the

WORK IN THE GrEEN MOUNTAINS AND IN ALL

New England where the Smiths and the

Youngs and other stalwarts were cradled.

A PLAT OF CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS,

SHOWING THE PROXIMITY OF THE L. D. S.

NEW ENGLAND MISSION HEADQUARTERS TO

HARVARD COMMON AND OTHER NOTABLE AND

HISTORIC PLACES. (THE ARROW POINTS TO

MISSION HEADQUARTERS.)

of the short blockWITHINspot whereone George NEW ENGLAND MISSION HEADWash- ington took command of AVENUE,QUARTERS,CAMBRIDGE,NO. 7 CONCORDMASSAthe American Revolutionary forces CHUSETTS.

in July, 1775, Dr. Carl F. Eyring

has taken his position in command of a missionary force of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in the newlyorganized New EngLOOKING INTO HARland Mission. The historic headTHEVARD CORNERCOMMONOF FROMCONquarters address, 7 Concord Ave., CORD150 FEETAVENUEFROMABOUTTHECambridge, Massachusetts, is now MISSION HOME. THE

the home and office of the latest misINGSUNIVERSITYARE HIDDENBUILDBY sion organization of the Church. THE TREES.

From the windows of this fine home of early American design, one may see the spires and steeple of the oldest church in Cambridge; from in

front of the home one may look out upon Harvard Common; and he has

but to take a brief walk to visit such revered historical settings as Harvard University, the home of Longfellow, and many others.

{Concluded on page 789) PARTICIPATING OFFICIALS, AND A MISCELLANEOUS GROUP OF MISSIONARIES OF MAINE AND

CANADA, AT ABOUT THE TIME OF THE NEW

ENGLAND MISSION ORGANIZATION:

Reading left to right, seated, first row: Kennetli

E. Hac1(ing, Abel S. Rich, President of tlie Canadian Mission; Dr. Carl F. Eyring, President of

the New England Mission; Fern C. Eyring. Second

row: Elder Harris, Dr. John A. WIdtsoe, Leah D.

Widtsoe. Standing, third row: Lawrence E. Dalton,

Charles W. Brown, Wm. Keith Hurren, Elder Moser. Back row: Chester A. Becraft, J. Glen Longhurst, Darl E. Anderson, Glen W. Price.

AND THE REST f!

SHALL BE ADDED

By MARIE O'BRIEN

A SHORT

SHORT STORY COMPLETE ON THIS PAGE

Cullen author, "William noted McArthur, 'OB sauntered Layne aim, their friendship increased and scored success recently. another His book street in Woodville,down the main with the years. Liffle for the Things him coveted won

a small town in northern Alberta. Bosman Award. A noted critic has said "These two boys had finished

'It the of novel, contains of the a depth knowlgood again to beIt was their among second at the year were and U serenity faith is edge of a and sadly whichpeople with ashe had been whom holidays for the home they when in lacking of the of our works many modernsociated since childhood. call Each received each a a misto go on writers. sincerity belief This of assuages

hearty greeting from a friend gave the pathos and magnifies the triumphs. It sion. They thought it over and

him that pleasant feeling known has a fineness which makes it a work of talked about it together. The one

only to those who have returned art'."lad decided he'd finish his education

home. As he passed the post office, "I think he's great."The adfirst and then go into the mission

John Gault, the editor of the local miration in Bob's voice was undisfield, but times got hard and he had newspaper, came out and continued guised. "To be as he is would be a bad time getting enough funds to

down the street with him. mighty fine, wouldn't it?"keep himself at school the last year.

call just "I've heard a have you he got Then a job on a paper and to mission, fill a I'm glad very and "Indeed it would, son,"the man after that never he seemed quite ableto hear it. Will you be leaving rephed, "And, as they say—thereby to make the break.

soon/ hangs a tale "The other boy returned from a "No, I think not,"the boy replied. "It happened here in Woodville. very honorable mission to find it"You see, I thought perhaps I'd Two boys grew up together. In impossible to finish his education—

better finish my course at the U and school they kept at the head of their Jack Gault paused and Bob asked then go. Bishop Raines said the class in friendly rivalry. They had softly: "The two boys—they were

decision to be entirely the same was you my own, and William When McArthur?"aim—journalism. that they the high schooland had finished seems they better way."narrator confirmaThe nodded

The door of the small office of the worked hard and went to the Unition.News stood open and Bob followed versity—your school now. They "And today you are a small town

the editor inside. His interest in both did well because they had an editor and he a noted author. For

journalism had been a bond of two years of preaching your friendship between the older religion you sacrificed a man and himself and he had career which might easily spent many an hour in this have compared with his."It

place. The latest edition of was a statement rather than

the Journal lay upon a desk a question, and the boy's amid the litter of papers and tone unconsciously implied handbills common to printing pity.

shops. A pair of strikingly \ Jack Gault shook his headclear eyes looked out from a Hi and sighed heavily.

fine intelligent face pictured on the front page. Under the rWm1 Kvk. \\vM HM'*./-.'m he "No,said; "Billson, McArthuryou're wrong,"wentpicture Bob read: Ln& on the mission."

BYPRESIDENT GRANT WALLACE F.

TORONTO i/L President o[ the

continued,CZECHOSLOVAKIA Czechoslovak Mission Mr. Mayor—that"You willis certain."also live a long time,

As THE nation's PRESS AND LEADING MEN WELCOME PresidentWhen leftafterthethreeMasarykhoursHomes,the Mormonhe sumWITH HONOR THE PRESIDENT OF YOUR ChURCH marized his impressions in these words, "I

AND MINE. have travelled the world over, from north

to south and from east to west. But such

an undertaking as yours, I behold for the first time in my life, for in the world it is unique. Yes, the people of the earth must

come here in order to become acquainted with this undertaking, which in and of itself is glorious and complete—it could not be more perfect—but chiefly they should

come in order to learn how to make social work practical. I have never seen anything so well prepared and so well thought

out as these Masaryk Homes!"Now,

Americans do not like to praise anything which is not their own. Could this compliment be only from politeness on their

part? No! From politeness no one walks

a full three hours in such a heat as we had yesterday, and especially not, if one is eighty years of age.—Pardon me,

eightyone years of age.

But hold on! Just what is this

amazing undertaking? What are

these Masaryk Homes? They are

PRESIDENT GRANT AND PARTY WITH THE CZECHOSLOVAK MISSIONARIES IN PRAGUE DURING a group of fine, new, modern, upto-

HIS 12TH JULY 9TH TO VISIT FROM

Bantison President Richard of Smith, First row, left to right: Elder Grant; President Hugh B. Brown, date buildings, twentyfive in numnew president of British Mission; Martha Toronto, Czechoslovak mission mother; President Heber J. Grant; ber, snuggling peacefully together

president Mission; of European President F. Toronto, Wallace R. Lyman, Dr. Richard president of in the low, wooded valley of Krc on translator. secretary Jaroslav of President Joseph Anderson, Grant; Mission; Kotulan, Czechoslovak

Missionaries row: Williams, S. Rulon Second John R. G. Burton, Wm. Payne, Joseph W. Barlow, Marvin the outskirts of Prague. Their ex-

L. Merrill. Irvine, Melvin McFarlane, R. 4. Dahl, S. LeRoy Sidney Davis, John

Third row: Rulon D. Orton, C. Victor Dover, E. Allen Pettit, Joseph V, Ward, Alma Si. Butler, tensive grounds, including parks,

Don B. Greenwood, Carl J. Manning, Blaine P. Clyde, Ross Clinton Hinckley. playgrounds, wading pools, gardens, orchards, and woods, cover

a hot but memorable July other people upon the earth. Therefore, more than fifty acres. Their ardelighted Grant was when he had architecture, equipand of those day, one which Presidentthe opportunity to see a reality such as rangement,ON their correspond ment fully with these social for the the poor and homes Grant's President marked

citizens underprivileged Prague. of alleviate to cheer namely and He aim, visit to brief all toodelightful but

all through departments, of the went from suffering. the This whole and weak folthe Mission,the Czechoslovak children's folks. the to old that of the His said, or better complex of homes, leading article assistant, in a the appeared President of thelowing European

Czech newspaper, the Ceske Slouo, Missions, who was with him, seemed inthis social welfare city, is divided clined into Pelantova three toward Mrs. for the whisand caption: "Eightygroups—homes this amazingunder

is in ear: her certainly pered "This adults, aged and incurable homes Nimbly Goes GentlemanYearOld extraordinary President. for our children, for incurable tempoand Stairs enthusiasm! I already And something See his The what know DownUp And

Marvels."Then follows a most inhe will tell you. And it will not be empty rary children's convalescent homes.

teresting text: praise.fering andYouroppressionthree hundredunder theyearsHapsburgof suf- 'T'his whole undertaking represents

Yesterday morning the people living at regime was not in vain and has brought an investment of about four milIt wonderful a beheld about has developed strongthe good results. Masaryk Homes

personalities, hours walked heold gentleman. For three your lion dollars, all subscribed by the building up who are now

from home to home, hopped up and down Republic on a solid foundation of freedom citizens of Prague. In round numthe stairs without difficulty, and in every an democracy. It is to be seen that your bers the yearly upkeep alone runs

room left the people in a state of curiosLord Mayor, who was the leading light to about five hundred and eighty in the founding Lord of theseity homes, Mayor is one and wonderment. The of thousand dollars, only seven thouthe these. Zenkel, like to tell and Dr. Peterof Prague, I would Wait a minute,

director of the institute, Mrs. Ruzena Pelhim this to his face."sand of which is covered by penantova, could neither show nor explain Lord Mayor Zenkel, who entertained the sions and rents of the residents

enough to satisfy his eager mind. This guests, had something also at which to there or contributions from their

his with that gentleman, this eightyeighty-yearold assowonder. He observed

the yearold President President of of the Mormon was families. The balance of the amount Mormonsciates, was the

Church, Mr. Heber J. Grant, from Utah, active and he marvelled how youthful he figures in the regular yearly budget

who came to Prague to see what kind of appeared and how spryly he walked. He of the city of Prague.

seeds his missionaries are planting in this expressed this wonder to the President, but As President Grant and his party smiledland. only Mr. Grant and quoted him this inspection they found that a made instead proverb: verse prayers of long gladly from an old Mormons The "Who

the institutions are artistically life services the solution unceasingly of undertake has happiness social worksand andproblems—and understand them as no increasingly."And then President Grant out behind a great administrationlaid

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

building, which houses all offices, registration rooms, reception rooms and baths. Each home accommodates two hundred and seventy residents. The rooms in these homes

are of different sizes, containing from two to eight beds. Each home

affords sunny terraces and balconies.

The dining halls, clean and glistening, also'serve as living rooms in which all may enjoy the radio, or read or chat as they desire.

It was interesting to see that the entrance hall of each building contains shelves for outdoor shoes of all residents. After coming home

from a walk, it is required that they change immediately into house slippers which are noiseless and which help maintain scrupulous cleanliness.

Behind the homes for the aged there is a beautiful building for old pictures, concerts and dances are ONEHOMESOF LOCATEDTHE TYPICALNEAR TWENTYFIVEPRAGUE, WHICHMASARYKWERE married couples. This home conheld. Written boldly over the arch ERECTED FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE POOR AND

tains one hundred double bedrooms, of the stage are the words, "Prague, CITY.UNDERPRIVILEGED CLASSES OF THAT GREAT

each with running hot and cold waThe Mother Of All,"portraying in ter, and other necessary facilities a single sentence the spirit of this of age, which includes a department which enable these old folk to live gigantic social undertaking. Confor some forty infants. Another is

in perfect comfort, man and wife nected with the recreation hall are a home for some one hundred and together. a fine modern library, a barber fifty incurable epileptic and feebleAt the far end of this great censhop, and a refreshment counter, minded children.

tral park is a large, attractive all serving the needs of this unique Extensive grounds behind the recreation hall, which seats several social center. children's homes and a nearby wood

kiddies the give the of opportunity regupeoplehundred and in which building, great modern Another life afford the possioutdoorlar and productions, dramatic moving the with latest machinery, equipped bility into of children being divided boilers, ovens, provides these andOVER LIVE AGED COUPLES HUNDRED ONE to health, age, according groups and

IN CLEAN,HAPPILY TOGETHER COMFORTABLE, three thousand with over homes ability in cures. undergoing outdoor AS THIS.CHEERFUL SUCH ROOMS six day. each meals thousand Over residents of these homes, The

five loaves rolls and ''C"hundred old, receive of both and young daily bread wholesome full are browned each four meals means this board—that touch. at the baker's Within according to the day prepared

same building some six thousand etetic group in which they arediclothing pieces of are laundered and placed. are ten groups. such There

daily. is also a speironed There

is service medical Regular percial department for the disinfection formed by a staff of fifteen specialof linen and bedding. ists who are always at the homes.

The important detail of a house The germ, which later developed of worship has not been neglected, into this grand and blessed underfor in a prominent location stands taking, found birth and growth in a beautiful chapel, so arranged that the fertile mind of a rather unpreall denominations may conduct sertensive, unassuming, young man.

vices there in turn. Dr. Peter Zenkel, the recently

elected Lord Mayor of Prague. It

TVTovv'besides the group of homes is a glorious tribute to him and to which accommodate some the people of Prague that his protwenty-four hundred adults, there posal, to create such an institution is a separate group of children's requiring an enormous sum of money homes, supplied with everything that during trying tims, was accepted can stimulate development and the by the City Council without one improvement of health. One of them dissenting vote! The foundation of

is a convalescent home for school the Masaryk Homes was laid on children who are socially or physthe first of July, 1 926, after Dr. Zenically weak. It accommodates about kel and his coworkers had made

two hundred such children. In this careful and exact preparations.

building is a large suminer refectory At the tenth anniversary of the for children who are brought each birth of the Czechoslovak Republic, day by motor busses from the city. October 28, 1928, the grateful citiAnother building is a convalescent zens of Prague elected to call these

home for children under six years (Concluded on page 779)

Thanks,

i but don't DRINK e SHOWING WHAT YOUNG PEOPLE THINK ABOUT THE PRESENT ALCOHOL SITUATION By W. ROY BREG

Executive Secretary of Allied Youth

any crowd, she crashed the circle

W. taryRoy ofBreg,AlliedExecutiveYouth, Secrewith with"Oh,herthey'retray. perfectly beautiful,"

headquarters in Washington, D. C, Lucy thrilled, tapping out the actravels thousands each year many of cents. I if "But won't you mind country. the over connection In

'no'will say I've a terrible you? with this closely asbeen he has workMRS.theJohnsonkitchen stoodtablebackand fromadsociatedmiles Poling, French with Dr. in the Dr. morning, exam John and R.

mired the trayful of colorful Mott, Mr. Frank E. Gannett, Mrs. it's all I can do to keep those ir-

J. Roscoe Breg's regular verbs straight as it is."beverages. They looked just like RushmoreDrummond Patterson,and others.Mr.Mr.

the advertisement from which she nationwide contacts with young Half around the circle, Mrs.

had clipped the recipes. There were people have convinced him that the Johnson's tray still showed only one

liquor"for is a subproduct of missing glass. in "flare of the Fashioneds"tall, amber young "Old Some

sidized propaganda, tempting adverin people training. floated were which a shce Others of orange and tising mistaken and notions—and

a luscious red cherry, pale Martinis not an appetite or desire of the just said, "No, thanks,"and went on in fragilestemmed glasses, bellyouth of the nation. having a gay time.

shaped glasses filled with a cool, After all, she thought, they were pale green concoction, all properly pretty young—sixteen and sevendecorated and iced. It was a little bit awkward getting teen. Perhaps they were shy, and

"Just right,"the hostess murthrough the dancing couples to the needed urging.

mured, congratulating herself on her davenport where Frances was al- "Don't you really want any refirst attempt at "mixing."The gay ready engaged in conversation with freshments?"she asked, turning to

crowd whose laughter came from big, curlyhaired Teddy, of baskethandsome Fred Hurley, otherwise the living room on the crest of the ball fame. known as "Shck,"who had never

latest dance tune was just right, yet been at a loss for words.

too, the very young people she Coached in advance, the young "You bet we do,"he said. "We're

wanted Frances to have for friends, guest selected the glass with the half practically starved for what's in that now that her niece was to spend the slice of orange. She wasn't accusbig freezer that I saw go in the back

whole school year in Belmont. tomed to cocktails, and Aunt Mardoor this afternoon* And could

That's why she so particularly wantgaret had heard that young people that heavenly odor emanating from to drink, learn so Frances had to the kitchen chocolateed this party be cake?"to be a success—why started mostly being off with "Silly,she stretched her mind darkyour scruples to was had manners,"

provide the "best of entertainment,"ginger ale. But nobody was to eyed Kitty teased. "You don't

just as the magazines on the living know this, of course. smell chocolate cake. You'll haveroom table portrayed it. Mrs. Teddy grinned—and when that to excuse him, Mrs. Johnson. His

Johnson didn't know much about happened, you just had to smile mind is always on...."young people, but she wanted the back—but shook his head. "Not "Well, everybody knows Mrs.

fair, gay young niece to "get in with for the coach's little forward, Mrs. Johnson makes the best chocolate

the right crowd,"to be popular. Johnson. Training rules, you cake in town,"Slick cut in, "and

"Now for the grand entrance!"know."beside, I actually see it through the

she whispered softly to the black cat Lucy was demonstrating the latest crack in the door."

who'd heard all the plans for the tap steps to an appreciative audiSomehow this wasn't working out party. "Let's see. I'll go first, of ence over beside the radio, where the just right, the hostess thought, with

course, to Frances, then to Lucy carpet had been rolled back to give a glance at the still full tray that

Graves, because she is the most popher room. Mrs. Johnson paused, now looked a little wilted. "But the

ular girl in the crowd, and then on but remembering that the ads said a cocktails... I thought all young

around the circle."cocktail was a welcome guest in people nowadays drank... knew

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

how much they could drink... all "So far as I can find out,"said a lieve the road home is a speedway

that sort of thing."popular deb, "learning to drink and he's a racing demon. He may

"It's the ads, again, I suppose,"means getting used to feeling rotten "come to"in a city jail to find that

Lucy explained. "But young peoafterward."Not an unimportant he had done something, when the

ple... well, young people here, discovery to make early in life, is it? fellow he really is was submerged

anyway, really aren't like that. If alcohol just contented its narin alcohol, that he'll have to pay

Drinking just doesn't go."And she cotic self with making young peoin regrets throughout life. It's grim

went on to tell how they were. ple overtalkative, a bit cheap, less to think of it, but the victims of

attractive for a few hours until it alcohol aren't always old.

'T'his isn't a freak group of young was out of the system again, it "Is it true, doctor, that all these people, just picked out to illuswould be undesirable enough to warpatients really never intended drinktrate a story. I can introduce you rant their "thumbs down"policy. ing too much?"a group of young

to similar groups all the way from No one can predict just what impeople asked when they visited the

Rochester, N. Y., to South Pasapulse may be aroused by a couple of Michigan State Hospital for the Indena, California, whose answer to cocktails or glasses of beer. A boy sane and were shown through the

a proffered cocktail or a glass of may think he is the world's champion alcoholic ward. "See that poor man

beer, or any other drink that constrong man, with a couple of chips in a straightjacket. Why, he's not

tains alcohol, is invariably the same, on both shoulders. Or he may bevery old... looks like.. wasn't

"Thanks, but I don't drink!"he in our class?"

Polite but positive, that's the note.

Fiction? until hear you Wait AND ACCIDENTS lots of ALCOHOL are there Well, Why? from recognized the young man who Business American From the that people themanswers the young a former of schoolmate, victim the Foundation, Men's Research First, give.selves there's the can alcoholism social disease. and Boulevard, Jackson 111 West

matter of winning. It seems that Chicago, Illinois

that write they "Nothing in books in theeverybody high average part Special—Liquor's in will quite to so convincing ever be for outschool is going some sort widely accidents, so of Chicago,automobile

sport: basketball, baseball, football, overlooked and camouflaged in police me about the effect of alcohol as

swimming, tennis, handball, track, reports, is brought startlingly into the seeing that boy. He used to sit

of traffic careful study in a aisle across the from me at schooL all thehockey... down way of first eight months in the to limelightfatahties h-e's like that."And now, that bestpingpong. the very And just been have which of 1937, details

any coach has to say about alcohol made public by Dr. S. R. Gerber,

County, of Cuyahoga its internal to it comeswhen use by Coroner in of youthful PLEA Ohio, npHE America of Cleveland. the city includes which

itathletes is that handicap. is a regard to the deaths alcohol of report problem is, motor Dr. Gerber's

"Sure I use alcohol,"admitted from New Year's Day to September "Just let me see these things for this in area having a popula- 1, 1937 the blackJesse Owens, "Ohio myself. to Don't preach Probme!"1,250,000 of than more is tionantelope,"gleaming whose body people, ably the school average high crowd shows

sports writers as of traffic fatalities in couldn't within of Total number be taken a blockdescribed"streamlined"—"forby 217. period rubbing that was my to listen meeting, a temperance but

factor in 56.5 Alcohol a waslegs. total abstainer."I'm a But per this:

cases. all of is cent Cunningham, whoAnd Glenn in 65.8 involved only, were Males sort of havparty are you "What title, the ironearning be- "the man,"cases; Females the alcohol of per cent ing?"a asked prominent Rochescent. in only, 21.7 per the of ofcause remarkable stamina

terian ), committeemeeting- factor Y. (N. to be a found Alcohol washis long, strong running and body

the 161 pedestrian in of 63.3 cent per in as the bound, put he his headlegs, questhe whenever answers all of cases cent per deaths; 53.3 (27) of pool the swimming room Ytion up, "I died, drink!"don't per door comes passengers 50 and which No in Paul caught and Carter between drivers in the cases of cent whichapologies. hedging. No events. killed. were It this of is young men type who and years people of age 24 Young party,""Dry Carter shouted forare setting the youth, pace and in of cent per victims 20 under were

splash laughing the aboveit's cases; years back, the persons from 25 to 39 a fast worldrecord- pace—a

cases, died cent age in 20 per more in the from the us pool. "Join gym pace,shattering alcohol of in which

can't compete. whileber of 32cases,per centages ofranthefromwhole40 tonum59 at nine o'clock. We've got refreshThen, there is the matter of years. ments and a report by a group that

health. "Drowsy Dan"is the exAlcohol deaths hour by hour has checked the automobile accivaried the low a from day in dents the city is going to tell and in thatpression one through has been coined

cent per of between figure 33 and 1/3 us alcohol part played."what to describehigh school the boy who the cent to per m., 100 2 p. up 1 and

drinks beer with his lunch, and, durmark, twice registered, first between Can these things be? I say

6 later between p. m., and and isn't 5 session, justing the afternoon 2 "Yes,"them, I've seen because and ra. 3 a. andphysically peoyoung fit. Modern thinking people know that young fatal accidents Alcoholmarked

ple know that alcohol undermines mounted from 50 per cent of the have the welfare of their generation to 75 p. m., 2 and 3 between the totalhealth, the drinker makes and at heart. alcohol recognize They

sixty the next cent in minutes pereasier victim tuberof pneumonia, as to health achievean enemy and 4 p. m.). and (3

culosis operations. major and They influtheir 11 are ment, to exerting the hours three 8 from In and

are more interested, perhaps, in p. m., traffic deaths due to alcohol, ence widely to outlaw it for youth,

per cent 57.8 (between from that cockrose even oneknowing or two legal restrictions, only by which to 73.3 per cent benot p. 9 m.) 8 and first "fizz"of excitetails, after the their at least of for province are out 11 10 m. p. tween and

ment has blown away, leave the In 85.5 per cent of all cases octhe time being, but by knowing and

drinker feeling decidedly subnor- curring between 5 and 6 a. m. alcohol showing alcohol for exactly what it

mal. was involved. is—a poison and a narcotic.

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR./NE OF our unusual National Monuconsists of area of 142,000 an ments

if not and instrument the happen by eye V|U''hat YOUR would earth TpuNE in sand middayacres which of white tube its ray orbit? ear with "stopped moving on a new cathode snowdrifts. like vast These lookssun

Lamb calculated the earth device, Both pitch and timbre arewhite sands of southern New Mexico Horace are formed of crystals of almost pure would fall into the sun in about 65 days. shown visually better than the ear can

gypsum. > detect. Pitch and overtone character-

- Tt is estimated that all the gold mined istic of musical instruments may be note. studied note by * latest experiments with a cube the since 1492 A. make D. would OFNE—- the >—feet edge. fortyone an on At finds are that vitamins plants good

interlocking dance floor, A PORTABLE, this worth be price present wouldfor too. plants Bi and Vitamin Vitamin

laid almost any out on can be which fortytwo billion dollars. nearly in been have small amounts addedC

is development. surface, level a new > of pea to increase the growthfound

sections are held toportable Locking than "wetter canembryos in glass by about 50 per cent. TTSrATER be made of system a simple gether means of by

synthetic by means 'wet"of a new invisible hooks.

alcohol, "tergitol."The new product

will wet even the most resistant materials five times as efficiently as soap in soft water, and retain also its strength in acid or hard water.

"VIThat makes air "bad,""stale,"or "stuffy"? Research has shown

that it is not the extra carbon dioxide in occupied rooms. It may be due to

A beenMOTORpatentedboat to travelby Garon airWood.has minutecalled ions,electricallyexhaled chargedin the breath,particlesas

Friction between boat and water is many as 200 million a breath. Reexpected to be minimized by the boat's maining suspended in the air for long

riding, at full speed, on a layer of comperiods, an accumulation of ions may pressed air forced into channels on the be the cause of bad air.

boat bottom. Ctrength from spinach, fresh, frozen,

TusT, moisture, and some cooling 'or canned, probably comes as much 'T'he complete disk of the sun or the process are the three essentials in from its high vitamin content as from moon can be seen while it is still all natural fog and cloud formation. its popular iron content. The vitamin

actually below the horizon, both at The moisture condenses on the huncontent has been found to equal rising and setting. The bending of the dreds or thousands per cubic inch of oranges and other citrus fruits and surlight rays due to refraction enables the condensation nuclei, which may be dust, passes that of most other Popeye fruits

disk to be seen before even the top pollen, soot, salt particles, volcanic ash, and vegetables.

.rim could be visible if the rays traveled or even bacteria. A dense Newfound- 4

in a straight line. land fog in which one could not see pNGLlSH experiments using water

> 100 feet was measured for water con- '- "tagged"with heavy hydrogen

ITe can skate on water but not on tent. A block of fog 3 feet wide, 6 show that about 50 per cent of the

ice. The weight on the skates feet high, and 100 feet long contained water molecules, drunk at any time,

lowers the melting point of ice, melting about oneseventh of a glass of water may be retained in the body for days.

a groove which prevents sidewise slip, ( barely one good swallow ). This >

and forming a thin film of water. If water was distributed among 60 billion A STONE relief and a bronze figurine

the initial temperature of the ice is less drops. *'of 5,000 years ago have been found

than about forty below zero Fahrennear Bagdad showing boxers posed in experienceheit, ice is melted, and no similar wresto today, and somewhat scienstudy by a Cuban CAREFUL A too cold to the ice to beSiberia shows the later Grecobecame tlers in what shells tist other of snails land and skate on. in Cuba, Florida, and the Florida Keys, Roman style of wrestling.

together with the path of the hurri-

A automaticallyNEW bulb whichwhileblinksin operationon and offis snailscanes, fastenedleads to totheleavesconclusionhave beenthat HPhe* comingPOWERFULmore X-raysuseful. areXrayever picbe-

being used for signal and automobile blown across hundreds of miles of tures are used in estimating frost damstoplights. It is just slipped in the water to Florida. age in citrus fruits. Progress of the

socket in place of the ordinary bulb, dread gangrene can be stopped quickly 4-—and effectively by this radiation. Prean- chemical the common PoRPHiN, the amputation progressive was viously lightweight nights a new COLDpoR in red cestor the of hemaglobin this disease. stopping of only way right just the give can blanket

chlorophyll, has the green blood and tfeey indicates with X-rays Other work electrically throughwarmth. Heated of the synthesized. most been One cells them. suffocating kill hving by voltage,specially insulated wires at low

is in close facts the puzzling biology for the essential Certain coenzymes is desired temperature constantany fundasimilarity of these chemical two inactive cells the are of breathing made maintained.thermostatically

mental substances. by the nascent hydrogen and hydrogen>———

Soviet oil fields are again being peroxide produced by the X-rays.jPVLD made productive by pumping down \ riBRATORS, working on the same -f——

hot compressed air into the wells which principle as those used in giving /ERTAIN algae (seaweeds) manage forces the oil, from the porous sands, beauty treatments, when used to to live in the volcanic springs that to a well from which it can be pumped vibrate pavement concrete as it is are perpetually very little below the out. laid, increases the strength ten per cent. boiling point of water.

lOhibUiA.PaqsL pAjung

MY SYMPHONY A PRAYER

By Elaine Stevens, Age 13 By Rhea Marriott, Age 20

to dwell place give a God, me trees, soil DEAR the the green and sky; meGIVE reside. Spirit may Thy Where I city buildings high no want gate with open an garden a Give me feet; under walks burning Nor my inside. friends come may That my feel, I that breeze a want may

thrill springtime, feel of the Let me I to appeal heaven which mayIA is spring then, gone when And street. to asphalt seen be from Not soul darken winter shadows And my

on. strength to carry Give me turning of joy Give new me

faith, hope courage, and Give me toil, fruits fresh of bear That may soil,my bear; to hard seems the burden When cry. the dove's sad mourning I want

it lighter if fate should But make COMMON air, of flowerscented breath The let share. less fortunate some me With that impair. nothing crags The may 17 Phil Brown, Age By it, to those crave gold the Give who high. Vitality from heaven

give. blessings to But Thy me the to world; see LIKE go and

I to pray thankfulness Thee I*D With live live; I'd like others to as live. to help Dear God, me

I'd like feel unfurled, soul to my

To feel my fetters burst and give.

to then to soar and I'd want die TITHING height, distant, dazzling some Upon

With gilded wings, thus would I fly. By Bessie Eldredge, Age 18

But I sail low; my wings are white.

God gave to man such precious things as 1 m stin and wind and air And many worldly prizes and helped us

STARSONG in our care.

By Lael Woolsey, Age 18 He grants the wishes of our hearts and helps us bear our pain.

... Once on a time there was a night Unselfishly He gives to man and doesn't

As still as snow, and e'en as bright. ask for gain.

When shepherds, on a hill afar.

Beheld a glorious, shining star He gave His only begotten Son to save

And felt a rush of feathered wing the world from sin

And heard the Herald Angels sing And has given beautiful churches for us

A song to tell a Savior s birth: to worship in.

to earth."men, peace "Goodwill on and

is in small, return onetenth His wish Yet then, DEPARTING to told as been FOR them. ONE had And of earn what we followed unto Bethlehem, They this shirk yet grant to for wish And we Powell, 18 Lois Age By fair. Child, exceeding a found And in turn. receive what we

there. slept the within manger... Who stranger me, who TELL it is it all for given cannot say away, You tied if in heart Carries a Star forth the again shone my And to back comes you handkerchief to angels sang once Red more men And heart, in of kindness, in love, In peace and shoulder, across of your goodwill swung peace, of song And and The true. friends and so the are conflict going long highcease? hate you down wars and and Where Would

way? Would then the lamb and lion meet

If ever we meet again In friendship? Would the noble greet

Will His meanest serf in perfect love

It still Beneath that wondrous Star above?

Be my heart you swing from a stick across Would all the blood in fighting spilled your shoulder? And all the graves that war has filled

Tell me, stranger. Give roses back beneath the blue.

And every heart be clean and true?

Then plow the trampled battlefield "As it is sown, so shall it yield"

MEMORIES And love must be the seed, lest steel

By Viola Shelby, Age 17 BringCast fearforthandlongdoubtthornsandthatgreedall aside,must feel.

friendship in eternal bide,—And

is faded; heart throws each its door wide For when

blue. THEIt usedCOLORto be shall shine forevermore! Star The

The buttons, now tarnished ROLY POLY

Were shiny and new. By Norma Louise Kartchner, Age 10

cufFs ragged; are all The brother. a little HAVE T see. can hem we No soft round white. So and and big are two There

fingers, reaching chubby patches With knee. on each One

all Pulling hair his with might.

There's a patch in the seat, Some days he's full of mischief;|

And the pocket is torn; And laughs and goos and plays,:

The little suspenders And tries to show his love for me

Are ragged and worn. In lots of different ways.

To an old mother Mother says she's going to eat him; '

These trousers bring joy. Of course that's all in fun.

For they always remind her But I really couldn't blame her much,

Of her (once) little boy. 'Cause he'.s our sugar plum.

..

diitfuoL cfhe I lew y. Vy. ill. o/.. IPresidencii

cJhe [Priesthood si uorum KomesKomes O/iQJirst AiTEMBERS of the Church everywhere unite in doing grateful honor to Sister Ruth May Fox, pLSEWHERE in this issue will be found an official who has been honorably released from the General statement concerning the new program, in line Presidency of the Young Women's Mutual Imwith progress, for the quorums of the Priesthood. provement Association. Her lifelong work in

Every man holding the Priesthood should read it behalf of the young women of the Church, in ward, with care. (See pages 768771.) stake and general positions, has been well and

The foundation of the Church of Jesus Christ of faithfully done. No higher praise can be given.

Latterday Saints is its authoritative Priesthood. Aside from her official service. Sister Fox has

Without this power, the Church would be as a manrights of recognition. With the ideals of the remade institution. Its principles, however good, stored Church of Christ before her, she left her

would be as sounding brass. The Priesthood gives native, English village, toiled across the barren

life to the Church. plains, and courageously set about to help wrest a

The progress of the Church depends upon the noble civilization from the arid desert. Never

activity of the Priesthood. When the Priesthood throughout her life has she failed to teach the joy

is active, the Church surges forward; when inactive, of treading the path of perfection, and the gladness

the Church creeps along. The Priesthood is as a of righteous living, first to her large family of sons

barometer of the condition of the Church. and daughters, and then, in private speech or pubIn an ancient day, whenever Moses lifted his lic address, to all who would hsten.

arms toward heaven in prayer, the battle favored Moreover, Sister Fox was generously endowed

Israel; when his tired arms fell to his sides, the by nature in mind as in spirit. She perceives the

enemy advanced. Therefore, Joshua and a son of inner meanings of life's events and has the power

Hur stood by the side of Moses and held up his to awaken human emotions and to bring beauty into arms until the victory was won by Israel. In such life by expressing her visions in poetic form.

a manner must the men holding the Priesthood supSister Fox has cultivated and used her talents;

port the Church until it has attained victory over all she has served wherever called; she has lived the

unrighteousness hfe of a Latterday Saint, friend, wife, mother,

The organizations of the Church are but helps laborer in the Lord's vineyard—Sister Fox is an

to the Priesthood. That places the Priesthood quoexample of "Mormon"womanhood, worthy of emrums in the position of leadership. They should ulation. Her works will live after her. We are

be so ably conducted, sO'faithfully attended, so grateful for her life.

thoroughly serviceable, as to set an example to all Sister Clarissa A. Beesley, known to the whole

other Church organizations. Necessarily, if a man Church as an intelligent, devoted, and industrious

must choose between loyalty to his Priesthood M. I. A. worker, has been released from memberquorum and some other Church organization howship in the Presidency, and appointed Executive

ever good, his duty is to the quorum. Secretary of the Association. She has given her

Under the new program the Priesthood at large strength and fine administrative power, unstintedly, will receive theological instruction in the Gospel to help advance the M. I. A. cause. She has

Doctrine Class of the Sunday School; the quorum earned a full mead of praise. In her capable hands

meeting may be held at any suitable time; quorum the work will continue to prosper.

study courses dealing with practical Gospel probSister Lucy Grant Cannon, who succeeds Sister lems will be supphed; quorum activities beyond the Fox as General President of the Young Women's

weekly meeting will be urged upon the Priesthood; Mutual Improvement Association, is welcomed by

more effective means of supervision will be devised. all with a sincere feeling of satisfaction. She comes

The quorums of the Priesthood must assume preinto the work possessed of a clear mind, a loving eminence in all Church activities. heart, and a firm faith in the divinity of the restored

Quorum possibihties are very great. Through Gospel. She is well acquainted with the needs of

the Personal Welfare Committee, the condition of youth and the work of the Mutual Improvement every member may be known and his wants supAssociations. Indeed, she is admirably fitted for

plied; through the Church Service Committee all her new post. Moreover, the Latterday Saints

members may be provided with Church experience; rejoice to know that, in her call, the prophetic power

through the Class Instruction Committee profitable of the Priesthood is again made manifest. The

information may be gained weekly; through the young women of the Church have reason to give

Miscellaneous Activity Committee, the social life thanks for such an able, inspired leader.

of the members may be enlarged. Read the record Well chosen are Sister Cannon's counselors,

of the accomplishments of one Priesthood quorum Helen Spencer Williams and Verna Wright Godas published in this issue of the Era. ( See opposite dard. They are sympathetic with youth, sincere in

page, 761.) Others have done as well; and all may their acceptance of the Gospel, understanding of

do as well. The quorums of the Priesthood should heart, unafraid of service, ready to give all for the

take pride in being the most helpful agencies to advancement of the Lord's cause.

the stake presidencies and ward bishoprics in their Let the M. I. A. hosts shout for joy today in

important duties. gratitude for the blessings of the past and the

Let our slogan be "The Priesthood Quorum promise of the future.

First."Those who heed this call will soon find Thel M. I. A. curtain has been lowered for a

A. W themselves increasing in every power—/.forA. good.W. viewmoment.of theItdestinynow rises,of theandyouthwe beholdof Zion.—/.the widening

JcjlvjcuuL /uhcda/L QjujoiJuivL CDnMmuAnsA6u

Cecurity, fraternity, service, and the enrichment of life in

Home, Church, Community, have come from the activities

OF THE 177th159th Quorum of Seventy whose good works, herein recounted, may inspire others to go and do likewise.

that or more $100.00 magazine donated to nonmembers,FORChurchTHE temporaland allandits spiritualmembers,salvationthe Generalof the asto $100.00 per year to the Liahona for the purpose of sending the in the amount purchased Liberty Bonds Logan Temple,

Authorities of the Church are looking toward of $500.00, bought Utah Power & Light Stock—$600.00, and

all our of the of period, the some expenses paid war Seduring consciousness. Church Thegreater quorum

their missions. missionaries in that order continue might they of Church avenues plan,curity and many other

instituted temple In the annual 1919 year quorum an we their Priesthood of the offer toactivity, quorums to of these the nineteenth mission Temple. was Logan The

present opportunity for security, fraternity, service, made during July of the present year. Some members, and

and the enrichment of life in home. Church, and their wives, have made each and every trip. On the first

trip, all of of our members, the members had quorum we 96% in point showing case notablecommunity. A bishopric presidency, stake the and a liberal and ward be can done and what done has beenwhat participation of of members. average is here numberof ward An 70%

reported through the First Presidency. in this activity was maintained during the life of the original

quorum.

Sugar City, Idaho, Because all members of the 177th Quorum resided in the

October 27, 1937. Sugar Ward, the bishop placed the responsibility of the ward

President David O. McKay teaching upon the quorum. For a number of years, while

Church Office Building, we carried this responsibility, the ward teaching was done

Salt Lake City, Utah. 100%.

Dear Brother: During the life of this quorum, the spirit of fraternity was

We have been requested by Brother Mark Austin, our prevalent. Fortunately, only one quorum officer has died

former stake president, to write you giving a report of the during the life of the quorum, to whose memory the quorum activities of the 177th Quorum of Seventy, of which we has erected a monument. One faithful member became

were presidents. afflicted with an incurable disease and became totally disThis quorum was disorganized about 1928 and the memabled. During his seven years'illness, we rendered financial

bers transferred to the 159th Quorum. At the request of aid and secured such comforts as a wheel chair, paid exthe First Council of Seventy, the records were forwarded to pense to St. George for one winter for him and his family,

their office at Salt Lake City, so we will have to quote from and during his absence installed a new kitchen range in his memory. We will be conservative in our statements so the home.

report will be reasonably accurate. Due to these projects and activities, we were able to

This quorum was organized in November, 1913, under the secure a high degree of individual participation. While

direction of Elder B. H. Roberts. The quorum council was some members were not active in attendance at meetings,

active and aggressive. Beginning the first winter, the council were able to get 1007o of our membership to engage in

visited each member in his home and held a cottage meeting some quorum activity. At one time or another, every

with him and his family. This practice continued annually member was able to secure a temple recommend and go to

and is still an activity of the consolidated quorum. This the temple. Some who had not been to the temple prepromoted unusual harmony and brotherhood among the viously, received their endowments and sealings because of

members of the quorum. our temple missions. We had a very high average attendat ance our meeting. weekly a of quorum For number creating of of former policy our a quorum adopted We the to years percentage of the up Because was 65%. in addition assessing year, funda $4.00 a each member by for participation opportunity in families wives our and by toto fund. the used general This usual pay was money

activities, life of these the of the members was home his many called the to the fare missionary, of quorum, from each greatly enriched.

field sixteen of labor. time of a total from had At one we

our quorum on foreign missions. In order to meet the While we are now High Priests, we would like to testify

increased demand for funds to carry on this work, we were that we have not experienced a finer fellowship and as close obliged to find other means of raising revenue. We leased a contact as we enjoyed in this Seventies'organization.

twelve acres of land and raised sugar beets, all work being Very sincerely your brethren, contributed by quorum members. \Ve were encouraged in (Signed)

this project by our stake presidency. We continued with C. Schwendiman,

these farm projects yearly, raising sugar beets, potatoes, E. Holman,

onions, and wheat. We realized as much as $1,300.00 net B. Lorenzo Waldram.

in one year from farm projects. cc Pres. Heber J. Grant,

In addition to paying the missionaries'fares, we loaned Melvin J. Ballard,

money to missionaries and their families, donated as much Mark Austin.

Note; For the new Priesthood Plan and Course of Study see pages 768771.

himOn TWO INSTITUTES DEDICATED * BY PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

Tn keeping with its poUcy of Church education, two new institutes have been erected in Arizona this past year:

one in Tucson and the other in Flagstaff. President Grant offered the dedicatory prayer in these buildings during

the past month. Flagstaff Institute was

dedicated on November 5, 1937, and the Tucson Institute on November 7, 1937.

With the dedication of these two new buildings, the number of institutes has to twelve. increased In adbeen

MELVIN J. BALLARD JOHN A. WIDTSOE ALBERT E. BOWEN dition active institutes to these twelve

is the work now being done at the UniADDITIONAL CHURCH SECURSaturday, October 16 versity of Southern California.

the founders of Today the BrighamITY ADVISER APPOINTED

University in spe- I. A. SMOOT MADE PRESIDENT were honored OF Young THE COUNCILFROM

THE TWELVE. cial exercises held in the Heber J. Grant OF NATIONAL ASSOCIATION POSTMASTERS OF Library Building. of these As part

of Dr. the appointment\T[7iTH John City Salt Lake I. A. Smoot, exercises for ground a lR. broken was

of the A. Widtsoe, three members Postmaster, President was elected dormitory for men.

Council of the Twelve Apostles are of the National Association of Postnow active in the capacity of advisors Sunday, October 24 masters at the 37th Annual convention to the general Church Security ComPresident David O. McKay dediof that organization held in San Franmittee. The other two members are cated the Ogden 4th Ward Chapel. cisco, October 18th to 20th, 1937. Mr.

Melvin }. Ballard who has acted with Nearly one thousand people attended Smoot's election was brought about by

the Committee since its organization these services. the voting of the more than 2,000 deleand Albert E. Bowen who was apgates who represented approximately

pointed May 15, 1937. Dr. Widtsoe's Sunday, October 31 40,000 postmasters and approximately

appointment was announced October Elder Vernal C. Webb was appoint340,000 employes of the largest busi22, 1937, by the First Presidency. ed president of the West Jordan Stake ness organization in the world. Mr.

In addition to being one of the adwith Reuben M. Wilberg as first counSmoot, accorded this honor which has

visors. Dr. Widtsoe has been asked to selor and Lawrence T. Dahl as second only once before come to a westerner,

take specific charge of the agricultural counselor. is an active member of the Church, a

phase of the Security Program. Dr. former British missionary, and is at

Widtsoe will labor to improve the Tuesday, October 12 present a member of the High Council standard and quality of the farm proEmigration Ward was reorganized of Highland Stake, and a tourist guide duce, to increase the quality through with Eugene P. Watkins as Bishop. on Temple Square in Salt Lake City.

the proper use of fertilizers, and to study the placing of surplus commodities through the program of the Farm

Chemurgic Council, of which Dr.

Widtsoe is one of the national advisory board members.

G. BYRON DONE AWARDED

HONOR AT U. S. C.

r Byron Done, director of the -* Church Deseret Clubs at the

University of Southern California, was chosen head of the associated graduate MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME students at the University. ARRIVED OCTOBER 26, 1937—DEPARTED NOVEMBER 11, 1937

Elder Done is carrying on the work Mary LeftFurr, toIvaright,Lue Larson,First Row:JeneveNephiCeer,HenryJohn Duersch,H. Baflley,RaeJr.,Parker,RobertMaryCardwell.Allen, Thelma Weston, Mildred Jackson,

F. Sessions, Zollinaer, Eibert, Carlos Magdalen Second Row: Keith Jessie A. Phillips, Highee, Clara Dr. inauguratedwhich Widtsoe

Nielsen, Hull, Neuterman, Ellen Hart, Arlette Aasael Coba two Lorna Sessions. Gurr, Eugene Dilworth, J. Wyley

in directing ago,years that connection J. Farrell, Third Ralph Swalberg, Wirthlin, Hazel Leavitt, Row: G. Haddock, Edward Ruth Wilson, Donna

Steinert, Elsa Ellen Porter, Berlin Osborn, Maughn, Costley. J. Elwood Darwinthe Deseret hold evening Clubs which

William Fourth Koew, Christensen, David Carmen Smith, Row: Eva Niederer, Edna Ashby, Virginia Foulger, in religiousclasses education on the Hooley, Lola Thornley, Asael La Var Willis. Moulton, Max

Waters, J. R. Blackmore, Lynn Paul Taagart, Arnold Fifth Row: Butterfield, Verna Day, De Mar Taylor,campus.

Darrell Gardner, Butterfield. Olsen, David Maxfield, Don Thomas Amy Wagstaff,

Elder Done has his A. B. degree from Sixth Row: Ralph Lee, H. Hiland Kent, Glenn Smith, John Moulten, Sterling Cannon, Joseph 0. Brewerton,

the University of Utah and an M. A. Frank SeventhMcBridge,Row:Vern ArnoldMarratt,Durtchi,Halbert LarreyKeller, Evans,Evan Homer,Stan Gwilliams,Howard Risenmay,Elbert Simmons,Reed Allen.Shirl Morrill, Wayne

degree from the U. S. C. At the presJohnson, Joseph Hardy, Lynn Brown, Afton Cheney, Roger P. Monsen, Robert E. Lee.

ent time he is completing his work for WilliamEighthDoxy,Row:RobertEldenGillespie,Crandall,JosephHerbertTppets,Smith,BenDavidWallace,Nelson,ArdenClaudeOlsen,Wennergren,Harris Vincent.Oswald Sims, David Evans,

his Ph.D. in sociology. He was Ninth Row: Byron Moore, Burnett Mason, Robert Buchanan, Reed Madsen, Garth Green, Jerald Munk,

Ronald Ball, Rindlishacher, Cina, Nosack. Joseph Nico Van James EJdward Imlay, teaching fellowshipawarded a in the

Elbert Tenth Row: Jensen, Stanley Skousen, Brady, Glenn Samuel Burgon, Roy Shaw, Alfred Alder,

of last spring. sociologydepartment Thomas Drimmelon, Standing, Van Robert Paul, Ross Don Christensen.

MARY OF NAZARETH AUTUMN IN THE ROCKIES "AND THOU BETHLEHEM"

By Elizabeth Norn's Hauec By James Lloyd Woodruff By Vesta P. Crawford

heard as your baby youMARY, soft, lisping first His Say word IT VagrantIS Autumn:airs FROMThereoutcamethy citya messagewalls, setoh inBethlehem,new reDid your motherlove know rapture? Breathe only beauty; frain.

Were you stirred? No sadness or regret It echoed from Judea's barren hills

again."the will earth unto and peace hills; "Good the Upon first tottered. feet tiny HisWhen color call. Delirious at lowvoiced your forgets;Coming erring the world sad soon and How in riotous Flames in terror contract heart your itDid to learn; is truth simple hard a How Billows;

fall?Lest fleeting to year troubled close He yet each And smoke Hazy

return. shall of the Christmas splendor The fires fairy From fingers groping HisMary, when

First were laid against your breast, Rests and stills. Forgive the foolish barriers we have reared,

your sweet head, knowingDid you bow of word, and kindly Master the meek Oh

It is Autumn, blest? were lo, alike land,You each distant For upon

in Robed purple. The music from the radiant sky is heard;

mountains, CraggyOn that first glad Christmas morning.

Did you glimpse through all the years Phantom silhouettes, Look not upon the boundaries fortified

Mothers loving, laughing, weeping In mellow, yellow Or see the frowning wall of blazoned steel.

Happy tears? Veils: For every cycled year at Christmas time

Through the moonmists The shepherds by a lighted manger kneel;

Nymph and naiad SERVICE Shadows dancing There are proud ones whose greed and cries rampant the magic Where Wangsgard Eva By strife astir set the battle wheels of Have laughter Pan's Of that sweetheart is called learning her (On a girl's the eastern again bring once Yet magi trails. mission.) S. L. D. on an Echoing

Their frankincense and gifts of precious myrrh.YOUR letter came:

At sight of your familiar script,

Like a bird entrapped when once the door VISION Walk calm and silent now beneath the stars.

is loosed, All prisoners bound to fear and bitter pride.

Katherine Williams this Hymas By take yourselves upon destinyAnd spirit soaring rose heavenward andMy barrier shall divide; hearts our needy No to escape. trying suffocate did me,Almost

surely winter winter and comes

I read words: your WHEN erring the forgets, soon world sad and How must their laidAlas! portent Full hear the too Christmas words many this lane. leafy sullen clouds above With heart. leaden upon hand myA late, will see eyes look again ahead and My I interminable years could wait twoHow to the seek road must Yet Bethlehem we that brings to dust lovely wayside June The for as hoped? have you we had own myTo shining gate! the enter through marble And I shall heart: blossoming; teach and my A as in a burst river rebellion bounds ofThe

all for the there laid are "Heart, Junes up flood;

Its turbulent waters lashed and roared, years the tears ashen SINGS THE HOUSEWIFE throughTore the frail embankment of my Forever still be and know, my fortitude. Alice Morrey Bailey By Of winter—justheart."Junes to dry It could not be!

of stormA bitter faith; of my house tears raged and shook When winter comes—a winter of the will, I TRIEDnoteto sing a melody, a farflung, golden

chair, forgetting of slow the vacant fall A it quite could Before brooks a singing tree. The and Of running

lost for stair footsteps on the A torrent beating at its that Into seething throat. song died in my that inner.. winter comes, darkening Whenlistening walls, I sought

Communion to in sculpture the graceful- I sought make with the source of human My chill,—eyes, taught how to see when light is strength. line of ness

gone, subsided; stormThe of Beauty light and shadow. Chaos only

look far, far ahead into the dawn. lashing stream has reached the valley WillThe mine. was

now; stillness surface. of its placidThe picture—the flight of a

it flows, hidesAs quietly its immeasurable I triedscarletto paintbird, a depth. A magic nightSpring's tender green. The

The time is far too short paints on my canvas blurred.

For earthbound man to finish all that God has planned; I thought to catch in meter the imagery of

God's work is uppermost words:

I must wait.So that heart soul that sings. The feels—the

I, in waiting, serve His purpose best. a dirge. poem was The

The Dove of Peace has settled in my breast;

His touch has moved the leaden weight I gave it up, but now I find it at my finger's

And lo! I scarcely feel the pressure of His end.

wing. Hillside and trees and brooklet to me their

Go, love, and do His work; beauty lend.

heartWith made light by faith and love, I put them in shining windows, the mystery I'll wait.

of doors.

And lovely lights and shadows make lace

PATTERN upon my floors.

By Beatrice Ekman of are end poems My achievement—the things pattern of various LIFE is a ordered days

winters, so many many springs,MYSo little children's themes heads are sunny And

So many summers, so many falls, for exultant lays.

So many hours within four walls.

So many pleasures—so much heartbreak. I draw from them a picture, song, or poem But all of the bitter made sweet for your And mix them on my canvas to paint a

sake. Photo by Wayne B. Hales. happy home.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Toys yy!gt>K THROUGH THE AGES By GRETCHEN L LIBBY

Among the first toys which have been given a definite date are those unearthed in the excavations of a temple in Susa, Persia, the begin- 1 100 B. C. POTTERY RATTLE IN THE FORM OF nings of which go back to

A COW, EGYPTIAN, PREDYASTIC. These comprise several little limestone animals, some of which were

so constructed that they could be about. is movedTHE"nothingOLD sayingnew underthat thetheresun"earliest records of jointed, The

is nowhere better illustrated TOY HORSE ON WHEELS, WITH LARGE movable toys came from Egypt and than in the realm of children's toys. JARS IN ITS PANNIERS LIKE THOSE included both animals and crude

From early primitive days to the CARRIEDPROVISIONS.BY REALTERRACOTTA,HORSES TOCYPRUS,CARRY figures of people.

present time toys have played a EARLY IRON AGE (1200500 B. C). Examples of early Greek and

leading role in the life of the child, Roman toys include clay or metal for boys and girls of all times and clappers, rattles, and dolls. Some

all places are alike in their desire of the clay dolls had arms and legs and need for playthings of some that were movable. In this way

kind. they resembled those of Egypt but

While there is* very little accurate DOLL,TERRACOTTAGREEK, they were much more artistic, folTHIRD CENregardingknowledge primitive toys, the out general idea more of B. C. lowing

information is available indiTURY,what for beauty the which Greeks were cates that these were quite similar noted.

even in different lands. Those Another favorite Greek toy was

which have been found were mostly the hobby horse to which Horace affairs, claycrude as clappers, such in reference his writings. made Anrattles, although occasional anan interesting is story told of one howimal discovered. has been There {Continued on page 785)

to questionseems some be whether {These photos used the rattles were children's toys or Metropolitanby courtesy of MuThe were used in times of warfare as seum of Art) "war rattles"to call the tribes together and frighten away the evil spirits.We can learn much about the

playthings of Egyptian children from the wellpreserved clay toys which have come down to us. Among

these are a clay doll, used by some small child of Thebes 2000 years ballsago. which and some still show

bright colors thatthe same must CENTURY.LEFT: TOY CHAIR, AMERICAN, ISTH

have delighted the boys and girls of CENTURY.RIGHT: TOY SLED, DUTCH, ISTH

those long ago times.

Some interesting wooden toys vation of some early examples of from Egypt have also been found stuffed dolls. In some cases the

and it is claimed that there are wooden heads were painted and the

Egyptian dolls dating as far back as dolls dressed in woolen material, 3000 B. C. The dry climate of representing the style of clothes

Egypt has made possible the preserworn by the people of that period. PEDDLER DOLL, ENGLISH, MIDDLE 19TH CENTURY.,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

THE MEMO PAD Many of us have chilled to the slangy phrase "handwriting on the wall."But it remained for Alfred J. \IT'SFUNT0AN&IYZE

Mitchell, graphanalyst, to take the chill out of it. Mr. Mitchell has prepared a chart showing the fundamentals of handwriting analysis. How do you get one? That's an IhandwriMg

easy one to answer: simply mail in

the top of a box of Globe "Al"

Pancake and Waffle Flour to the

Globe Grain and Milling Company,

California—and907 East Third Street,soon itLoswillAngeles,be in

your hands. Oh, and yes, if you

want to have your own handwriting analyzed by this man who has studied graphology for over thirty years, simply send in three labels 4 of any Globe "Al"product and a -'< sample of your handwriting—and

presto, you arc analyzed! * * * HART

Just in case you want a way to use the Globe "Al"product, why not let us give you this recipe?

DARK NIGHT GINGERBREAD 2 c. Globe "Al"flour

t. 1 t. gingersoda SEND IN THE TOP

t. 1/4 salt

of tb. 6 shortening /Tie 6 LOVABLE? from a PACKAGE

c. sugar Va

V2 c. molassr%

2 well eggs, beaten

1/2 or buttermilk c. sour TALENTED? IS YOUR GLOBE 3kr'

Sift flour, measure, add soda, times. ginger, three and salt. Sift PANCAKE on6 sugar and CHILD GIFTED? add Cream shortening,

eggs, mocream thoroughly. Add WAFFLE FLOUR well. lasses, mixing and sour milk, By special arrangement with Mr. Alfred J.

Slowly fold in sifted dry ingrediMitchell, C.G. A., professional graphologist,

ents. Beat batter hard and bake in Globe Mills offers you a chart showing the together with your

to (350) 40 min35 moderate oven address name and steps in analysis, fundamental handwriting in cool cut utes. squares When this get big and with together examples handwrittwenty of with cream. serve whipped and

chart analysis. ing, each with chart fascinating This its own * * *

which shows how Of course, to analyze the you'd want itto mightserve justsomethingbe that showstalent, youdetermination,how affection,pride,ambition,sensitiveness,ability, Pancake good to drink with the Dark Gintemper, courage and scores of other charachandwriting of gerbread. Ghirardelli's Ground ter traits are detected in handwriting. Shows yourselfand others

will always Chocolate come an expert graphoanalyst in hanyou can "spot"how it in the have cupboard. you dy—if traits the very to which a person may try hide. Chart also explains how you can Here's a recipe.

CHOCOLATE MILK SHAKE Surprise Yourself - AmazeYour Friends getof youra professionalown handwritingpersonal analysisFREE.

Syrup x c. Ghirardelli's Ground ChocoItanalyzeis surprisinghandwritinghow soonby studyingyou canthislearnillusto late

1 c. sugar pinch of salt trated chart. Every example is clear and easy

i c. water 1 t. vanilla to understand. In addition to the illustrated

Mix and cook for five minutes; lessons on how to analyze handwriting, the

fire; vanilla from remove and add EXPLAINS CHART GET CAN HOW YOU

1 tall glass use: cool. For each (ji COMPLETE, A PERSONAL ANALYSIS OF

tb. milk; of the chocolate 2 cup

that and of vH'YOUR HANDWRITING OWN ice vanilla 2 tb. syrup; cream.

Put in a shaker or fruit jar and every member of your family ABSOLUTELY shake thoroughly. Serve in tall FREE. Each analysis will be made personally

glasses. One pint of ice cream by Mr. Mitchell. Don't delay. Buy your packserves five. * * * age <j/GLOBE "A-1"PANCAKE AND WAFAnd of coui'se at holiday time, FLE FLOUR at once and send in the package GLOBE MILLS, Dept. I, LOS ANGELES, CALIF.

you can't afford to be without many top together with your name and address and get Enclosed is my box top from a package kinds of gelatin in the home. If your FREE CHART hy return mail. ofGlobe'A 1 "Pancake andWaffle Flour.

you are low, you had better call on Please rush my free handwriting chart.

the nearest grocery store and stock all flavors Gelatin. of Royal on up NAME are there ask might While you you GLOBE "Al"Desserts".You for the booklet'Royal

ADDRESS it find helpful, will convenient and PANCAKE AND all for it ideas. has kinds of new

CITY..STATE. WAFFLE FLOUR

Patronize "The Improvement Era's"Advertisers and Respond to Their Oflfers. 765

.

The Progress of Man fits even under conditions of meagre in the light of archeology and anthrohis preface, in pology. author, indifferent observance. The and

Smith, The(Joseph Fielding tells scientific; of volthe that 100,000 us "most is thoroughly This volume of Utah. SocietyGenealogical

is ancient it on pamphlets conservative and umes Amerand scrupulously 519 pages. $1.50.) avoids extravagant statement throughica have been written from the scholar's

npHis readable, informative book is out. Where the facts are not conor critic's viewpoint; consequently the

- a brief history of mankind. It clusive, it frankly states that such is public has been shut out. Rewrite this

ignores frankly the collection of dates the case. It is freely and interestingly wilderness of literature and it will

and battle records, too often miscalled illustrated and is supported by quotavibrate with interest for the lay reader."

history, and devotes itself to the tions from and cross references to the To do this has been the author's task fundamental cause of human progress most eminent medical and scientific—and a task well done it has been.

or retrogression. Adam was taught authorities in this field. Because of the author's declining

the kind of government that would This text is to be used as a course physical condition Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

Priestfor the Melchizedek study happiness among of peace and aboutbring for the coming year. quorums hood this divinely from Departuresmen. It wastion toaskedthe tomanuscriptgive final foreditorialpublication.attentaught government have brought disis dedicated to President Heber J. It was this same manuscript by Josiah

tress upon mankind; even partial apGrant, whose vigor of mind and body E. Hickman from which Dr. Sperry

proaches to this government have inat 81 years of age, is a living testimony also edited Science, Tradition, and the creased human welfare. This arguof the fruits of this code of health. Book ol Mormon, the M. I. A. Adult

ment is well sustained throughout the In The Word of Wisdom, a Modern Course of Study for 193738.

volume, though, necessarily, within the Interpretation, the authors have given limits of one book the author has been to the Church an explicit, fascinating The Romance of the Book of Morobhged to pick and choose his illustraand understandable story of the promon is stimulating, entertaining and intions. cess whereby men may enjoy radiant formative reading. It is a notable adThis major theme is liberally interhealth, long life, and temporal and spirdition to already existing Book of Morcommentaries, should be in and mon Its truths itual wellbeing. should informaGospel valuable withwoven

as every the author home library; but, the habits of every accesmodify easily who woman oftion, often a kind not

sible to the average reader. The aufeeds a family and every creature who cautions in his acknowledgment, "the

thor's seasoned interpretations of hueats to live for a purpose. Fl. L. E. theories herein presented are only the

man events are set forth clearly and Adolescent Psychology nativeauthor'straditionindividualand archeologyinterpretationso farofinterestingly.

revealed by research, and may or may American Book (Ada H. Arlitt, of a picture closes with book The not be sponsored Church."by the York, 1933. Company, New of earth and man, destiny gloriousthe

when all shall be under the government 250 pages.)—R. L. E.

of God. 'T'his book deals with the behavior

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, capable problems of boys and girls of Muhistorian and theologian, has here protual age. It is interestingly written and

duced a book, which, while especially very practical. The chapter on the I

intended for the use of the Genealogemotional maturing of the adolescent Iical Society, would be profitable readand moral and religious development (3kns{ mas I the foring whole contributions. outstanding are A. W. Church.—/. \ efficient will teachers be more The of Wisdom—The Word

I in their of unif they guidance youth Interpretation ModernA problems. youth's derstand Reading \ bifis \ and Leah D. Widtsoe A.(John

this greatly will that enhance book Press, DeseretWidtsoe, News Here on Christmas shop- 6 Peterson, understanding. Arthur Asping: $1.25.) City, 1937. early s Shopa suggestion here. In shop andSalt Lake our Q gift sistant Superintendent w.Ul School find shop Jordan you X countless of charm- y!/UT OF a lifetime of research, obserDistrict, Sandy, Utah. Q ing and useful gifts, as for example ()U

- vation, and practice in the field of t PENS AND PENCILS, singly or in t chemistry, diet, and human nutrition, The Romance of the o ensemblffi o the authors, eminently qualified both Book of Mormon CHASE GIFTWARE Q

POTTERY AND GLASSWARE % (Josiah E. Hickman, Deseret News % brought individually,jointly have and electric clocks City, Salt 1937. Lake notable on the Press, commentaryforth a j> RADIOS—cameras Q pages. 283 $2.50.) interprets that of Health""Lord's Law SiA PORTABLE TYPEWRITERS

for the layman the latest findings of 'T'his privately published work came LEATHER GOODS I science, points the way to the health from the press just two days fol- Q STATIONERY I 8 FILMO spiritual CAMERAS lor personal salvation in his temporal death, the and seventysixthand of lowing

I movies diitall confirms the men, obedient and year, of author, serves the as a and BOOKENDS I \ Smith. inspiration fitting lifevine largely of to a benediction Joseph deothers X And—of course—many

its first the of unusual work, to people, of teaching the This voted young in the of Church annals study,kind history, supplemented by much research, 5 BOOKS FOR GIFTS I paragraph forconsiders external and pertinent each evidences and writing on

I the right Give be of a and the of the authorphrase Wisdom Book of Mormon. The Word

gift. treasured vast acquaintanceit -will book—andOur light of it in the at the trained of upon I Universitycomments Michthe was will with books in prove invaluable semeagre knowledge of Joseph Smith's igan, and Columbia University and has \ lecting the right book

day, and in the light of the subsequent served in various professional capacfindings institutions ofconfirming at several of higher science. The ities I DESERET BOOK authoritatively learning in the west. I intermountain andbook deals strongly

the penalties promises and presents reviewwith both book under a The COMPANY it stimulant colorful butof the the of to discussion of emWisdom, Word East 44 South Temple its positive external forphasizes evidences promises of the more City, Salt Utah I Lake Book than its negative penalties, and cites Mormon. Language, customs, religion,

statistical proof of its widespread benelegends, all come in for consideration iRjcudiOnihiL(hjild/um!5uddL

Men Are Brothers Treasure Mountain White Indian (The Viking Press, New York, ( Eric P. Kelly, Macmillan Company, (Grace Moon, Doubleday, Doran

1937. 112 pages. $1.00.) New York, 1937. 211 pages. $2.00.) and Co., Garden City, New York,

221 1937. pages. $2.00.) earlier depression, that 1894, of Tn an with aBEGINNING quotation from * long has the loved Moon his race Diehl, and Brooks Mr. Frank Burns'poem: Indian inNavajo and an made defeat, Phil, of giving son, instead up in that. and a'For a'that,

It's comin'yet, for a'that. traveled out to Mr. Diehl's ranch in tense study of his ways. In White

That man to man, the world o'er, New Mexico to see what they could Indian, she tells a delightful story of a

Shall brothers be, for a'that, salvage. When they arrived there, little white girl, Binnie, who also loved

the Indians understood them. and in the treachery round they man whom its that takes theme as the book will Binnie's Children enjoy adventures left in the of ranch charge Diehl had all originated from originally mankind

in if real Indian, a becoming her even left the supposedly had who as Latterday group, family central—and one

is skin illustrafions white. The by country. taught. Since Saints been always have Carl the author's husband, Moon, do the interesting are Intensely developdifferent is this true, from are those who text. to enliven the much C. M. J. in the culminating follow, ments which that us may be—should us—whoever Riding Express the on Pony West ritual their of at sacred Indian dance desire understand to a with received be

them. In science, in man's love of altar of worship. Interestingly enough, (Charles L. Skelton, Macmillan

beauty, in art, music, literature, in play, when the dream of treasure is removed Company, New York, 1937.

philosophy, and religion the contribufrom the overseer's mind, he resumes 196 pages. $2.00.)

tion of one nation has benefited all his duties at the ranch with contrition "D ased on the records of the pony exnations alike. for his evil doing. M. C. J. press, this book does much to reThe book is stimulating and convive the glory of the Old West. Today

ducive to thought. It also points out it is hard for us to realize that there

clearly the need for a more thorough was ever a time when radio could not study of our common social heritage, flash news almost simultaneously with which will perhaps in turn indicate a its happening. But at the time of the

way in which we may indeed become pony express ten days was fast time for brothers in very deed and eliminate the the news to be carried from St. Joseph,

tragedies which President McKay Missouri, to San Francisco, California.

writes about so fluently in his article on What with Indians, blizzards, and holdpage 736.—M. C. J. ups, the riding of the seventyfive mile

relays was an adventure that only the

David bravest, fastest, and most loyal horse- (Illustrated by Elizabeth Orton men dared undertake. From these inJones, Macmillan, New York. trepid riders of the mail, young people

1937. $1.75.) of today may learn much of steadfast-

'T'he text for this story of the shepness and courage.—M. C. /.

* herd lad who became the great Our Magic Growth leader of Israel and the greatest psalm- ( Olive Wooley Burt, illustrated by ist of the world is from the books of Lillie Meldrum, Caxton Printers,

Samuel in the King James version of Caldwell, Idaho. 138 pages.)

the Bible. "n\ORis and Blaine, possessed of an

With delightful pictures, the acceptunderstanding mother who is closeed story of David is brought to life ly associated with the fairies, are taken for the modern child reader. Dividing on trips of discovery. They go down the story into four sections: David—the fairy slipperyslide until they are The Child; David—The Boy; David—very small. When they reach the botThe Youth; and David—The Man, the tom they find themselves in a strange

artist has dramatically portrayed not new world. They meet, on successive

only David's life, but the life and trips. Amoeba Ann, Perry Paramecium,

pageantry of the times in which David Vera Vorticella, Harry Sponge, and moved. many other strange creatures.

Children will delight in the pictures The understanding mother directs and will receive much benefit from both their attention to the activities within the language and thought of the Old the various cells and the children see

Testament story of David.-—M. C. /. just how cells grow, and, therefore,

Honey Chile just how we and all other living crea- (Anna Braune, Doubleday, Doran tures make our "magic growth.'

and Company, Garden City, 1937. Short instructive paragraphs tell the

153 pages. $2.00.) reader how to adjust a microscope and

make a slide in order that children who "pARM LIFE is always appealing to are not Doris and Blaine may see the *- younger folk and Homy Chile has cells in action.

the charm of introducing children to The book is written on a children's country life. Into the pattern of a day, level, but it is exceedingly interesting

the author weaves the fabric of her to adults as well. An introduction by

story, showing the activities on the farm Dr. R. V. Chamberlain, chairman of

in the way of work and mostly play the department of Zoology at the Unifrom early morning until late at night. versity of Utah, assists in the underThe negro tales are not so rich as standing of the book.

the classic Uncle Remus stories, but if The volume is beautifully printed and they are read well most children will illustrated, a choice gift book for enjoy them and become acquainted Christmas. Harrison /?. Merrill, Diwith the drollery of the—M.coloredC. folk./. Photo by Paul S. Bieler. B.rectorY. U.o/ the Extension Division of

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

THE NEW PHIESTHOOO PLAN October 28. 1937. to meet before the Sunday School period, the Sunday School and the Fast meeting

To Presidents of Stakes, they may convene at 9:30—or earlier if to follow, for which credit for PriesthoodBishops of Wards, and they choose—and continue in session until activity on that day will be given.

Presidents of Priesthood Quorums 10:20, when they will adjourn for the This program is based on the results of

exercises School Sunday will comwhich to all sent out a questionnaire which wasDear Brethren: 10:30 mence at it is agreed a. m. If presipresidents, that stake bishops ward and

the shall followPriesthood meeting be held recent the Council dents of recommendation quorums. by Priesthood Melchizedek A

ing period, the then School the Sunday in the the different thatof change in relation to a discovered Twelve because of It was holding of Priesthood meetings at some time Sunday School will convene at 10 a. m. and environments a uniform time for the holding

other than during the Sunday School period continue until 11:30 a. m. Then the Priestof these meetings could not be adopted,

has been approved by the First Presidency hood will convene for fifty minutes, or for therefore the option is granted to the stakes and will be efFective commencing January a longer time if desired. All Priesthood and wards as herein stated. This plan

2. 1938. quorums that are divided between two or has been approved and accepted by all the

Priests, wards, as such should more the High All Authorities of the Church. General system to be inaugurated in JanThe in meet capacity once each quorum month of quorums all quothe Melchizedek and

is as follows:uary at the to time place and be approved Priesthood are expected of the Aaronic by rums

All Priesthood quorums, or segments of the stake presidency. to conform to this arrangement, which it is

quorums as the case may be, will meet either Programs and suggestions for these weekconfidently believed will result in greater before or after Sunday School on the Sably and monthly meetings will be prepared activity and advancement among the quobath day, or, if preferable, on a week night and published in the Priesthood Bulletin, rums of the Priesthood.

at some time which will not interfere with The Improvement Era, and the Church Secother stated meetings. The time chosen is to tion of the Deseret News. Sincerely your brethren,

be at the option of the bishopric and PriestOn the Fast Sunday of each month these The Council of the Twelve.

hood of each ward with the approval of the weekly Priesthood meetings will be suspendBy Rudger Clawson, stake presidency. If the brethren choose ed and all members are urged to attend President.

General Statement siding and presenting matters of a genquorum meeting of at least one hour in eral nature, to last about 15 minutes; length be held at a time different from

Tt IS hoped that all stake supervising and (b) the separation into quorum or the weekly ward group meeting by all and Priesthood quorum officers will ward group meetings during the requorums that cover two or more wards.

take notice of the preceding letter from mainder of the period, the time to be A suggested program for these monthly

President Rudger Clawson, and will given by the Melchizedek Priesthood meetings is presented in this issue of arrange to go forward with the plan at to the suggested program (a study The Improvement Era, The same prothe beginning of 1938. In any case, all course and activities), which is the gram is offered to all Melchizedek

arrangements to do this should be made same for all High Priests, Seventies, Priesthood quorums. |

classes Elders It and quorums,before the and and in January. first Sunday 5. Stake Supervision: To improve I'will in be printed wonderful all classes Improvement Thewould be to have the supervision of the Melchizedek

and quorums well prepared to put the Era. Each quorum member should also Priesthood quorums it is requested that

plan promptly into operation in the provide himself with a copy of the a stake Melchizedek committee be apfirst week of the new year. study course, which is printed separatepointed, of at least four brethren, one

Now, to carry out successfully any ly in book form. of whom shall be a member of the stake

groups—thereplan with a largeare numbernearly oneof organizedthousand time2. ofTimeholdingof Weeklythe wardMeeting:weekly PriestThe presidency,others a HighactingPriest,as a chairman,Seventy, andthe

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums hood meeting is optional with the bishan Elder. In large stakes a representhere must be effective organization, opric and Priesthood of each ward untative from each of the Melchizedek

conformity with the program, and careder the approval of the stake presiPriesthood quorums in the stake may ful supervision. No doubt partial faildency. The suggested times are, for be added to the committees. This

ure of some quorums in the past has at least 50 minute periods, before or committee should feel keenly the rebeen due to a lack of this kind of orimmediately after Sunday School or on sponsibility of getting all quorums of ganization and supervision. So, the a weekday evening. If before, the High Priests and Elders into firstclass

call now comes to repair these defects. Sunday School should convene at 10:30 condition. Monthly meetings of the

This can be done by (a) a capable, a. m.; if after, the Sunday School should committee with quorum officers, freactive stake committee, (b) the comconvene at 10:00 a. m. and dismiss at quent visits to quorum meetings, written

plete organization of each quorum with 11:30 a. m.; if on a weekday evening, monthly reports from the classes and

energetic, faithful officers and comat any suitable time. quorums, etc., are suggested as means

mittees all working in harmony to carry 3. Fast Meeting in Place of One of keeping the stake committee inout a wellplanned program, (c) adQuorum or Group Meeting: Since formed.

herence to the suggeste(l program, and fast meetings in most of the wards are 6. Quorum Supervision: Each quo-

(d) reports at regular intervals. held immediately following Sunday rum should be fully organized with a

The features of the plan are School, it is suggested that on fast days presidency, secretary and the four 1. A Weekly Meeting: A joint meetthe regular weekly Priesthood meeting standing quorum committees. Special

ing of all the Priesthood in the ward be suspended and that the members committees may be formed as necesshould be held weekly. This meeting attend the fast meeting as a Priesthood sary.

should occupy at least 50 minutes, preactivity. 7. Ward Group Supervision: Where

ferably more. It should consist of two 4. Monthly Quorum Meeting: Furthe quorum has two or more ward

parts, (a) the opening, the bishop prether, the plan provides that a monthly groups, each ward group should have

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

a presiding officer (one of the quorum 3. Reading of minutes of last meeting. 3. Miscellaneous business.,

presidency if a member of the group ) 4. Report for the past month from each 4. Instructions from the Ward Bishopric. or class, from quorum comgroup ward classsecretary, and a group a group adjourn of the Priesthood B. All the ward etc. mittees,

leader. should ward groups The for classrooms, respective their and to meet 5. business. Unfinished

as a quorum once preferminutes, at least of 35 period a assignments. a month, as stated 6. and New business

4. in paragraph profollowing the longer, carry out ably minutes), events 7. Current (10

8. Officers and Quorum Meetings 8. A faithpromoting talk (10 minutes). gram:

and Reports: The officers of each 9. Lesson of the month, to be presented in 1. Unfinished business.

quorum (presidency and secretary and the form of one or more talks by mem- 2. Special committee reports. classleader, if desired) should meet at bers—the Church Section of the Des'3. Report from one of the standing

committees. Era eret and The Improvement News to least monthly, intervals, at regular

4. Discussion of the special quorum acfor these talks. material the furnishing

the of quorum. welfare discuss the tivities. 10. exercises. Closing

It would be well also for the quorum 5. 'Appointments and assignments.

presidency to meet occasionally with Remarks: Reports (item 4) are to in- 6. Class Exercise from the study course.

each standing quorum committee. clude the activities of each ward unit or 7. Benediction.

group and standing the four quorum Each of meeting. quorum inof its committeesA copy ofsincethe theminuteslast Study Course and Activities for at regular should meet committees

tervals, at least monthly, to discuss the of all class or group meetings held includMelchizedek Priesthood Quorums etc., of should attendance, record 1938 a be FOR the Year problems the secretary of to the quorum. coming under their assigninghanded

year the 1938 the program for ments. For activities assignments, and previous The

standing committees Quorum all should things done by committees—those once a month. report to the quorum the of the groups and quorum—should beof meetingsit includescoulda highlyhardlyinterestingbe improved,coursefor One committee might report one week, reported. of study—and a very profitable one

The are there the next, if its teachings another term "Unfinished Business"(item 5) too, and since be applied—and

is selfexplanatory. each comcommittees, things done four standing the consideration of many

anincludes Business"(item 6) "New the opportunity of mittee done. have would be and to The new Priesthood the discusassignments, and nouncements

is of progression. reporting a month. once one projects, instructions sion of plans and by plan

It the precedMelchizedek from will be observed 9. Monthly to oficers the Priesthood the and groups, members of the duties that the material ing It is recommended Meetings:r Union etc. of ordination members, new

that monthly stake union meetings be The "Current Events"(item 7) conquorums fall into four related parts:

held, for all officers of the quorums, at sidered should be those in which the Church ( 1 ) A study course which should be which the lessons, projects and activis interested—those likely to have some taken up and followed by every quoto do, are called the on work we ities acover influence of the gone group; be would or month ward rum (2) Special

of the those that hand the Lord show for detail, in the in preparation the followin tivities to selected weekly from be affairs, fulfillment of indicate that human the meetto Priesthood according quorum or chosen ing list, Melchizedek affect that of large prophecy, numbers *J; ings. people, etc. The speaker should aim to needs of the quorum. (Every quorum

10. Reports to Stake and General indicate how the events related are of inshould be engaged in one or more of

Authorities: Report forms will be sent terest to the Church or its people. If the these special activities); (3) The spefrom Church headquarters. Beginning quorum has a member who is specially cial and very important activities of

with the new year a quarterly report gifted in this kind of reporting, he may, if the four standing committees, which desired, serve through or more. a year is to requested (Perbe appoint should each quorum from In every quorum

the should appointment case be made any Priestthe sent stake to Melchizedek sonal Church Welfare, Class Work, at least in advance. a month

it will to Activity, forward committee, ); and hood and Miscellaneous who ( 4 (item "FaithPromoting Talk"8) The

the Council of the Twelve. This report should deal with events and experiences of Such miscellaneous activities as may

will supersede the reports now sent the life of the speaker or with those that he appear from time to time.

just before the semiannual stake Priesthas carefully selected from print or the hood conferences. It will be the reexperiences of others. There are many The Study Course

incidents ocevents and to faithpromoting sponsibility study the Priesthood stake committee of Melchizedek The that in this occurred curring and day reports for a quarterly these it that 1938, will in course to see be based upon the 8 to yesterdays. item add make Aim officers If entitled small do are Wisbook made. all quorum The of Word prothe to enjoyable a rich number and their duty the stake committee will have gram. dom, A Modern Interpretation, by

a pleasant task. The brother who gives the "Lesson of Elder John A. Widtsoe and Sister Leah

11. District Meetings of Quorums of the Month"(item 9), taken from the D. Widtsoe.

the Melchizedek Priesthood: Such Church Section of the Deseret News, or In this book all the statements of the

meetings may be called as deemed adThe Improvement Era, has rich sources Word of Wisdom, from the beginning visable. Ample notice will be given of from which to draw interesting material. to end, are examined in the light of

the time and place of such gatherings. It will be easy to get a profitable and enpresent-day knowledge, their value to

these sources. joyable monthly prophetic as position their mankind, and equivalent pubChurch An source—otherlesson from for Suggested Program divinity the mission of the of evidences lications occasionally be and books—may Meetings Monthly Quorum Smith. of the Prophet Joseph if particularly the upon, drawn Church

is full of valuable course study is This available. not Section small For a sum Priesthood quoMelchizedek For all

in sent, available will the our readily Section be information apart not from Church Priests, Seventies and rums—High to living subscribers Deseret The News, literature, will found and be Church than one cover more territory of the the outside of natural Elders—that instructive. interesting and both The deterto meeting of be ward. Time to parties Interested are invited News. is the for welsubject important most apthe with each mined quorum by to the the of write Manager Deseret News, stress fare has that humanity. of The for further information. Salt City, the of Presidency. proval Stake Lake

it President placed every upon been by

Order of Business and Program Suggested Program for the Weekly of the Church is evidence of this imMelchizedek Priesthood Quorum portance, especially in the household 1. Opening exercises. OR Ward Group Meetings of faith, which must stand as an excongregation. Singing A. by the all to the world.

at least meeting should occupy 50 ample (The B. are nineteen chapters in the There minutes, preferably more.) solo, or vocal C. Prayer.Music—instrumental follows: book, as named All the of Priesthood assem- A. chorus, or duet, quartet, congregathe Ward

tional. ble jointly under the direction of the 1. The Word of Wisdom.

2. Roll Call (may be a standing roll call, Ward Bishopric (about 15 minutes). 2. Need of Health Information.

the members afterwards signing their 1. Prayer. 3. The Order and Will of God.

names, when seated, to a sheet or book 2. Reports from the Priesthood as may 4. Evils and Designs.

passed along the seats.) be called for by the Ward Bishopric. (Continued on page 770)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

{Cortfinued from page 769) seems unable to solve. This list could or who are depending on employment

5. Alcohol. be extended. A tactful and careful for a livelihood. (Suitable for Percases. will other reveal survey 6. sonal Tobacco. Committee.) Welfare

the 5. individual of to addition problems In 7. Drinks. Hot 3. of the the chairman Each week projwill there and problems be members 8. Constituents. Food should Personal Committee Welfare parto the quorums, that ects belong 9. of the Ground. Out list to furnish a each member quorum the solution to relating ticularly those 10. "All Herbs."Wholesome in are of the those unemquorum surveys. the who revealed the of problems by Thereof."11. "In the Season

lines 6. occupational address, the activity is ployed, with of each quorum Two 12. Grains.

secure to requested abilities, etc., make of one, and every each 13. for prominent—to Man.""Wheat

the abstinence use of liquor from of be the should urged the quorum 14. and member Ox.""Corn for

the to help develop Church tobacco and 15. find for to to endeavor employment Meat—Sparingly. detail relative Security program. More 16. Drinks. Healthful these unemployed. the within Security possible projects to 17. Thanksgiving. and Prudence 4. the within Employers quorum Director written program, Managing by 18. Rewards. either or needing employees, wommen in the will found B. Lee, be Harold 19. Conclusion.

solicit en, to the should be urged same section. following 771, for further page, opposite See

the chairman from Personal Welfare detailsspecific course of study on the to the liquortobacco Relative camthe the of or through quorum ward outlines. lesson first threeand the information paign, and suggestions director, of from other quorums will work

The Quorum Activities be given from time to time in various the ward, stake or region.

OR Projects publications The Improvement Era, 5. When a member of the ward or

Activity is a condition of life. This the Deseret News Church Section, and quorum vacates a job to fill a mission,

is a truth to which all experience the Quorum Bulletin. The reasons why make every effort to have the position

filled avoided be should tobacco of the and with unemployed members inliquor will testify. observation Everyand

of in fully the will course treated missionary. returning be or quorum by a life. bring thingactive is without To

all to quorums followed study be by the Sewith General 6. Cooperate to plane a higherPriesthood quorums

of excellence, more activity of the during 1938. curity Committee in stabilizing returntotal for abstinence campaign The missionaries in securing employment, ed is this shall necessary.quorums How

this study course be based upon attending obtaining school, a home orthis to end should means Obviously done?be

include complete quorum organization and the suggested activities, which will business, etc., in order to be selfwith sincere, energetic ana capable emphasize the moral, spiritual and resustaining.

ligious subject. of the aspects The effective lead,officers supervision to 7. the with Cooperate and ward

entered upon, study of should be course including worthwhile program aand genealogical representatives stake who should herein the surveys mentioned to do. soliciting are the fundsmany from among activities—things facts should the discovered be made,

list is of desire of following each suggested a members quorum who The solvof studied and and be means ways list to others.activities. done, temple suggest have and This work who

if possible, found should, ing be them indollars to afford a could each here pay few them amongFrom willall—those respect into operation. put and With this for eldersustain to purpose that others monthdicated be and any may of the habits, to as use personal such ly at officers the temples working people while others orsuggested quorum by care liquor tobacco, extreme and and the donating the those cash of on from approval with quorum, names—each giving tact to avoid should used be this (Suitable for or produce work. stake Priesthoodthe Melchizedek comcreating offense antagonism. and How is for Activity select tomittee, Committee. Church requested a number

all to Saints stop get to Latterday its suit activities thatof conneeds and 8. in Priesthood quorums, Through is liquor our probusing tobacco and

itsditions, of those members. and The the Security cooperation with ward in true the lem. education Moreover, will to step plan get tonext be how the solution of undertake committee, will help evils alcohol of tobacco and

entities. activities intothese going distressed confronting the problems is there greatly. will there a "Where all officers willHerein and quorums as to attempt a and quorum members all is supervisors a Let and way."challenge.face determinawith But a for solution the out same. a Subwork officers set will to with a quorum work this energy, guided,tion wisely and the to mit recommendations ward that the problems. to solve Remember will met.challenge pays be The Lord for addistake president bishop and different personalities are perhaps and

all for unselfish service.promptly tional assistance, loan as such a from exactly cases be handled can no two

General alike. There certainly will be cases the Cooperative Security Corporation,

all after the only has done quorum all it possibly special should of 1. Since requiring do a quorum treatment—some to possible solve within the problem survey a its members, can for In treatment. possibly medical of the them

quorum members should be made to disthese things the Lord will help the the quorum.

spiritual. their cover and needs—material

if2. to special committees, Refer the regworthy who help themselves. from9. Asthe earlyward asSecurityconvenientcommitteerequestan

help, for ular ones need and study projto the of quorum some Suggested Priesthood Quorum assignment treatment, every problem recommended ect to the to designed be beneficial Projects Security Program the survey. revealed by

that of Security program ward Church is to3. applied treatment a wise See that

every case. 1. Survey the quorum to obtain acor stake either in the production of

4. Some of these cases may be: curate information concerning every commodities that might be needed or

a. Lack of faith in the divinity of the member as to present employment, ( unin the fostering of an activity that will

Church. employed, temporary or permanent) supply employment to members of the

b. Lack of prayer in the home. occupational abilities, financial status, quorum.

c. the Violation of Sabbath Day. to join for etc. (suitable conditions, themphysical 10. Encourage quorums

d. in Failure be meeting dependable

in practical, selves the together, where Personal Cards Committee Welfare teaching Church toassignments—ward files or resources natural of development for this purpose oband may). (be for example.

e. Failure to attend quorum and Sacratained from the General Security Comthe developing of new undertakings

ment meetings. mittee upon order of ward bishops.) that would make for new wealth on

f. Failure to pay fast offerings and 2. Have each quorum member pro- a cooperative basis.

tithing. vided with a roster of his quorum 11. Have the quorums stimulate an

g. Nonobservance of the Word of Wisbrothers and their addresses, showing educational campaign to improve the

dom. quality of production in business, business those farm with and to use who are h. Trouble between husband and wife,

fertilizers skilled increase production. to those addresses, and who are of or the family, other members

i. Illness and discouragement, unskilled workmen. Quorum members 12. Encourage quorum members who

j. Unemployment. should be urged to patronize their have a difficult economic problem to

k. Perplexing problems that the member quorum brothers who are in business present their problems before the entire

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

quorum to seek counsel and guidance quorums might suggest to the bishop d. Certain diseases seem to accombefore making any major financial inof the ward the desirability of assisting pany civilization.

is II. Saints Latterday Health Amongvestment. the labor this in volunteer and program

as as Perfect Usually But Good, Not alert in shrubs, obtaining the to of quorum quorum members 13. Have

It Be. Should

etc.,support brethren of their rock, sand and gravel, ornamental quorum who a. is only of The Wisdom Word

are gradually failing in their efforts to that might be obtainable in the vicinity partially observed.

be selfsustaining and if necessary apand to present themselves as willing to b. Compared with leading nations, the

point a committee to work with such assist on such projects as painting, regood effect of observing the Word members as an advisory committee. modeling, etc., of the ward meetingof Wisdom is obvious.

14. Where the homes of quorum house. c. Changes in the death rates from

to serve five diseases as warning in outline suggestions merely to are found improvident,members be These

Saints. the

activity that are the to a general lackdue part of the wife a on way lines of d. the Saints Latterday do not WhyLatterday of in quorums. to Priesthood mother toand her be frugal Each open conduct better health? have

of the home, and unable to do her own these suggestions, of course, could be III. Disobedience to any part of the Word

sewing, baking, preserving, etc., seek to subdivided into definite and detailed of Wisdom Reduces Human Welfare.

aid such families by requesting the Reexplanation and description. Through- a. The mistakes of living are cumulief Society of the ward to give such out the Church there are numerous lative.

assistance and instruction as might be actual examples, many of which are b. The tyranny of our appetites must

overcome.helpful. illustrative

cost of ill health, in money, of the suggestions above c. Thebe given. 1 5. In the Beautification program the is tremendous.

d. Self control and intelligent mastery

of our appetites is paramount.

OUTLINE OF STUDY FOR MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD Questions, Problems, Projects

The following three lessons are for the month of January. Outline of

lessons for February will appear in the January issue of the Eta. 1. What weaknesses do you observe in

the ordinary diet of your neighborhood?

How may it be improved?

it is 2. certain that diseases seem Why I course for study LESSON the 1938 TEXTnTHE civilization? them. to accompany Name

entitled diseases, 3. certain has dreaded The a book Word Why is of Needed Wisdom of The Word

Saints, the Latterday lower (much among Interpretation, Modern By ModernWisdom—A* is Man

inin at large) to nation the tended than D. Leah and A. Widtsoeby John last twentyfive years the crease 1 during of iirst part Chapter 2.) (Chapter and

should All members quorumWidtsoe. Saints? Latterday

of the text of Wisdom among the Word L Read this of 4. copies price does with themselves humanity pay forprovide What

in ill health? the obtained from bebook which may a. given? was it and where class.When

East South 44 at that Company, b. Church,Deseret Book young The time, LESSON III truth. receiving rapidly new was If six City, Utah.Temple, Salt Lake

for c. is basis health mental Physical and Order 'The of God"Will time, at a are ordered copiesor more

health. spiritual and

single per copy; $1.00the price will be (First part of Chapter II. divisions the of 3) are four There Word

copies cost $1.25. of Wisdom.

given? was of Wisdom the Word Why

of the habits early members a. The There will be thirtytwo lessons in a.b. Introduction.The negative health factors. I.

the whole course, or eight lessons per c. The positive health factors. of the Church were those of the

quarter. This will leave ample time d. The conclusion; Rewards and community.

b. gained Prophet knowledge by The promises. fast meetings whichfor the twelve

for help. to the going Lord Conditions Health Present of Civactivities, andshould quorum be in c. Conditions the Council of High for III. ilizedThe Improved. Be Man Should

such Sundays as may be occupied by a. There has been much progress in Priests led to the request, and the

stake conferences and similar events. human health. answer in the form of a revelation.

diminishing diseases are Certain II. of Is a The of Wisdom Law Word in- b. help outline following may The greatly. the Church.

that lesson subjectsdicate the in each diseases are increasing c. Other a. constrained to is never accept Man

should be especially emphasized. The greatly. truth.

class leader and members should be d. Health statistics make clear the b. All divine law is "sent greeting."

thoroughly familiar with the text covneed of health instruction. c. The Word of Wisdom came by

revelation God. from class lesson; theered hour the and by Projects Problems, Questions, blessings d. are All received by man to discuslargelyshould a devoted be

1. in conditions health do your his to How obedience. proportioned presented. therein materialsion of the locality those with correspond given the Discussions Imporin III. Early About illustrations should beHelps drawn and five table the selected with dealing the of of the tance Wisdom. Word conditions. local generalfrom and considerable of over diseases time? period a a. of Council meeting FebHigh The disin 2. old hesitancy should be no and be impressedThere young may How 20, ruary 1834.

in to live that the health thought while with in the fully raised thecussing problems b. of 1838. Priesthood meeting The

is just live to alive as as desirable long? experience course. Personalstudy and c. of Brigham words Young. The

is the think 3. conLord do you why lessons, theobservation, bearing d. on Grant. of words Heber The J. health? bodily with cerned man's

e. to application conpresent class day discusare valuable. The However,

to lesson confinedsion should headbe LESSON 11 ditions.

ings. lesson be should heading Each

understood and discussed. It should The Word of Wisdom is Needed Questions, Problems, Projects

be borne in mind that the lessons have By Modern Man (Continued) 1. To what extent do the conditions in

an ascending value, and that a full un- (Latter part of Chapter 2.) the early Church, which led to the giving

derstanding of the message of this of the Word of Wisdom, exist among our year's course of study cannot be won I. Nutrition is an Important Cause of people today? Why do they seem more

imperative today? Present Conditions. Healthuntil the course has combeen whole

is 2. the true a. of agree meaning the necessity Scholars the law of on What outline,pleted. suggestive This and the nutrition. of Church? proper

lesson, at ofthe the each problems end 3. is the In b. sense serious are what in the There weaknesses Wisdom Word of

are merely helps, and should not be American diet. a law of the Church?

binding upon the class leader and the c. Results of incorrect nutrition are 4. How does the counsel of the Lord

class. very evident. become a law?

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

ONE MILLION ASSIGNMENTS exercises and the transaction of stake ities. Aaronic Priesthood supervisors

IN 1938 Priesthood business, a forty minute are urged to give full cooperation and /NE MILLION assignments to be filled structionssession willcoveringbe heldtheseparately.details of theIntoattendencouragethese specialall quorumPriesthoodmemberssesto

- by members of the Aaronic Priestplan have been sent to stake authorsions.

hood in 1938 is the goal announced by the Presiding Bishopric. To accomplishthis a quota of twentysix assignments HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR IN AARONIC PRIESTHOOD ACTIVITY

for every member between twelve and twenty years of age has been assigned.

To reach the mark set will require an increase of approximately fifty percent over 1936, but it is believed that with the new plan of Priesthood meetings this can be done. In Aaronic

Priesthood Leadership Conferences being held throughout the Church the filling of weekly assignments by all quorum members is being stressed.

LESSON MANUALS FOR 1938 T ESSONuled Manualsfor deliveryfor 1938Decemberare sched15.

They will contain complete information and instructions for supervisors, the complete program for 1938 and lessons for each of the fiftytwo weeks of the year. Orders should be sent at

once to the Presiding Bishop's Ofiice, 40 North Main Street, Salt Lake City., '->'%s*t

The price is 10 cents each. There are

separate manuals for Priests, Teachers and Deacons.

NEW HOUR FOR PRIESTHOOD MEETINGS PPFECTIVE January 1st, Priesthood - meetings are to be held separate from the Sunday School or other organizations. Instructions sent out by

the General Authorities (see page 768) specify that the meetings are to be held before Sunday School, preferably at 9:00 or 9:30 a. m. and continuing

until 10:20, the Sunday School to begin at 10:30 a. m.; or following Sunday

School from 1 1:30 a. m. for fifty minutes or longer if desired. Meetings may

be held on a week night, if desired, provided there is no conflict with any other organization.

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD 1. ALBERTA AND TAYLOR STAKES ON CANADIAN BOUNDARY LINE, JUNE 19,SESSIONS IN STAKE 1937, WHERE IT WAS CROSSED BY THE MORMON PIONEER TRAIL JUNE

11, 1SS7. THREE HUNDRED WERE PRESENT.CONFERENCES 2. BURLEY STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

3. AARONIC PRIESTHOOD PILGRIMAGE. are to FOUR SHELLEY, Priesthood members ARONic STAKES—RIGBY,

FALLS, IDAHO AND NORTH IDAHO AT THE SITE OF FALLS—MET THE NEW in participate to be encouraged L. D. S. ON TEMPLE THE OF RiVER.A AT SUBLET CANYON, MAY 15, 1937. BANKS SNAKE

Stake Conferences during 1938 and 4. SALT LAKE STAKE ADULT AARONIC PRIESTHOOD JAMBOREE COMMITTEE.

BACK ROW: CHAIRMAN; SAINSBURY, ARNOLD BANGERTER, GOODHENRY HENRYparticularly conferin the Priesthood

AND FRANK0. LEO ROBINSON,E. ANDERSON, SECRETARY. KNEELING: SARTORI, WOOLSTON, JOSEPH FRANK during the twiceences to be held year. SELL,STANLEY RICHARDS, SECRETARY. ASSISTANT

To encourage this attendance and also 5. DEiACON'S QUORUM—20TH WARD, ENSIGN STAKE—GRADED ACCORDING TO RECOMMENDED PLAN.

active participation, separate sessions 6. CASSIA, BURLEY, MINIDOKA, TWIN FALLS, AND RAFT RIVER STAKES AT PILGRIMAGE IN SUBLET

15, 1937. MAYfor Aaronic Priesthood members are to 7. MT.CANYON, OGDEN STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AT SITE LAST CAMP, EMIGRATION YOUNG'S OF BRIGHAM held in connection withbe the Saturday CANYON, SHOWING BROTHER R. IVINS GEORGE ALBERT SMITH TALKING ANTOINE AND BROTHER

evening sessions. TO THE GROUP.

BATTALION MORMON AT PACACHO PASS FORTYFIVE MONUMENT ABOUT MILES WEST OF TUCSON, the the plan boys Under new BATTALION and S. WHERE SECOND NIGHT CAMPED OF OUT 19, 1S46. TUCSON THIS ABOUT DE,CMBER in will the regularyoung meet men BUILT ACTIVITY. AS AN AARONIC WAS PRIESTHOOD

Priesthood session and after opening 9. NEW YORK STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD OUTING AT THE JOSEPH SMITH FARM.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

QUORUM CHORUSES URGED number of such groups have already daily life of the principles that Jesus been organized. In Grant Stake a taught.

Tn the new plans for special Aaronic chorus of one hundred ordained teachis sections Priesthood of ers Priestexcellent Stake doing work. principles are few and Conferences, the Presidinghood BishPlans are for THESE being considered now

desired, apsimple be and may, ifopric urges the formation publication the suitable of choruses of songs in two and quartets to furnish the music. A and three parts for boys'voices. plied by every normal person. The

first of these, and the foundation upon which a true Christian society

THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW it built,"Loveis:the Lord thy God with all

A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the thy heart, mind, and strength."A

Lord's Law of Health belief in a Supreme Being who lives and loves his children—a belief that

gives power and vigor to the soul.

can be apthat He An assurance beer, 3.2 but allows law "The you HAS FOLLOWEDWHAT that for guidance, can't proached and He it. It percent, find 14 as high goes asREPEAL? but is mostly 6 percent."will manifest Himself to those who

'T'he following terse statements are seek Him.

quoted from an address by Ida B. IS LIQUOR INJURIOUS Another is: The acceptance of

Smith,Y. National President LABORERS? of TO life that the of truth is a gift Godthe Christian Women's Temperance divine. therefore proper and The for the Allied magazine Youth "pROMUnion, recently: Utah who visited

gift this to of impels use beman is 1937, taken a statement, June, that "Figures of show 42 percent slave, of the master, discredits not the oldfashioned idea come the our which drinking, are to liquor accordingwomen to appetites nature. hard can "work that men are His be conwho work...men.

"A leading insurance company reports off"the effects of liquor. The conclutrolled and used for the benefit of

that, since repeal, rejections of young men, sion is included in the following statehis health and the prolongation of thirty, forunder applying insurance, have ment: life. passions, mastered His and

..increased percent. 183 will "It astonish persome readers—and for controlled happiness the and for "Congressmen, repeal,. voted who medical haps some among men them—to others, blessing of the perpedeclared, andhave did for not vote what 'We tests certain told that the of of be newest

... got!we tuity race. the this of British authorities briefly, to come,

that promise the old saloon "The would conclusion: principle third Inis: Personal A back,not to induced come people many large of accumulation alcohol "Any in tegrity. this plain, repeal. for everyvote I mean, generation By younger The the at rate the oxidizes blood about same thatdid not the liquor interests know never sobriety, honesty, respect day and if labor. inactive or docs remains hard one

.. their promises.keep rights, for others'as will such win this significant denial of than an "More are in saloons. the 420,000 "There country today, and 1,300,000 women and girls old popular notion is this further finding, the confidence of one's fellows. This

are dispensing liquor. For every girl in from both English and Swedish sources: recognition applies to nations as well

college in the United States, there are "Deaths from alcoholism show an unas to individuals. It is as wrong for

selling liquor.three industries the rate in of usually high some it to nation, a is powerful, because report. labor, agents.. "Government not only hard employees do more bootwhose

steal another oppress it, from andlegging repeal under to outdoors. than prohiare but under accustomed The work

bition.... combination of energy and exposure seems as it is for an individual to rob and

"Liquor never comes alone. There is to drive the alcohol rapidly into the tissues kill his neighbor.

always a trinity, alcohol drinking, gambling, and—and

... playing around in the tis- A fourth essential is: Social Conprostitution. sues is bad medicine!'

sciousness that awakens in each individual the realization that it is his duty to make the world better for

APPLIED CHRISTIANITY his having been in it. The very heart

(Concluded from page 737) and spirit of this standard is expressed in the statement of the Proorganization among Christian nafinding itself in need of a new storephet Joseph Smith—"If my life is

tions. Think of Abraham Lincoln, house, held a special Fast Day for of no value to my friends, it is of

consecrating his life to his country. the purpose of raising funds with no value to me."

If still you are doubtful, conwhich to make the first payment. Some day intelligent human besider the humble life and great The Committee asked the people to ings will realize the importance and

achievements of Dr. George Washgo without two meals on that day benefit of living in right relations

ington Carver, "who has done and contribute the equivalent in cash one with another. When that time

more than any other living man for the project. The leaders ancomes, the Savior's prayer will be into rehabilitate agriculture in the ticipated raising about $4,000. people's hearts—"Make them one,

South,"refusing a proffered salary The people contributed over $15,000 as thou. Father, and I are one"of $100,000, preferring to devote his—realization exceeding anticipation Then when that time comes: "The

talents and energy to the benefit of nearly four times! wardrum"will throb "no longer

his fellow men. The Church worshiping in this and the battle flags"be "furled In

Christianity applied to daily life! renowned Tabernacle today accepts the Parliament of man, the FederaThis willingness to serve others as literally true the saying of Jesus: tion of the world."

is ready for expression in the hearts "I am come that they might have life, This condition can be achieved of millions, if only nations or groups and that they might have it more not alone from mere belief, nor in nations will but point the way. abundantly."We believe, howfrom oratorical exhortations, but by

Here is a recent illustration: Sepever, that this abundant life is obthe application in business, social,

tember 19, 1937, the Salt Lake Retained not only from spiritual exand national life of the principles gion of the Church Security Plan, altation, but by the application to of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

In addition to being a representative

its in the brother a Church, as as a WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, JANUARY, 1938 of the bishop, a ward teacher also visof Priesthood. This member the ward

READING THE BOOK OF MORMON adds another value to the visits which goes beyond the duty of acting for the "pvERY Latterday Saint should be familiar with the teachings of the Book bishop.

Its origin foundation history the of and are so a part of Mormon. much also the teacher has same The ward

is its faith full in the that the restored of to acceptance necessary Gospel visits responsibilities that in his the mission in the world. and its Church have. have bishop would would He

1938 is "Book of Mormon Year"in all the Sunday Schools of the the same obligation to be respectful,

Church. Every possible effort is to be made to have every Church member to regard the feelings and have conread this important scripture during the year. sideration of other people and to hold

The Adult classes of the M. I. A. are studying Science, Tradition, and sacred every confidence.

the Book of Mormon. The Churchwide celebration of the Restoration of This phase of ward teaching adds

the Aaronic Priesthood in May will feature pilgrimages, programs and strength and power to the Church that pageants, with the Lamanites, whose history is contained in the Book of can hardly be estimated at its full value.

Mormon, as the principal theme. Brotherhood and fraternal relationships

The Book of Mormon has been in circulation for nearly 109 years. It follow such visits, when properly made,

has been attacked, ridiculed and condemned, yet in all that time not one to an extent that nonmembers of the chapter, or statement, or word has been disproved. To the contrary, Church envy us this great plan which

evidence continues to increase, indicating its divinity. has been revealed in this dispensaThe results of reading the Book of Mormon almost invariably are: tion, and which, in the past, has brought

increased faith in the Gospel, better understanding of the Bible and greater untold strength to the Church.

conviction that the missions of Joseph Smith and the Church were and Viewed in this light, the calling of are divinely inspired. The wealth of information available through the a ward teacher becomes seriously imvarious Church organizations will help materially during the coming year portant. To represent the bishop and

to make the reading of this inspired record more interesting and helpful act in the Priesthood capacity assigned to all Latterday Saints. to a ward teacher, whether ordained or

acting, is a grave responsibility. What

farreaching and lasting results would

THE EXTENDED ARM If defections should begin to creep in members,come to iftheeveryChurchhome andin everyall ofwardits

OF THE BISHOP and Church duties were being neglectcould be visited every month by a pair ed, the bishopric would notice them of teachers who would accept the re- 'T'he RESPONSIBILITY of a bishop of a immediately. sponsibility in this light and discharge

ward is one of the greatest and As desirable as such a condition is, it faithfully! This Church and its promost serious of any in the Church. It it is not practical; therefore, it has been gress would be more than ever the

is his duty as the "father"of the ward found necessary, in order to preserve wonder of the world.

spiritual welfare, toto look the both to the of morale members, demonward is impossible. condition not Such a his of of temporal, everyand member strate Gospel, the the of brotherhood In of the in wards and Church many is It that to the bishopward. ward in their Saints the to encourage and entire stakes, of teachthat kind some all virtually in for help lookmembers duties, will that to acplan devise a is ing today. being done Those who life living. ofphases and be, as as the nearly complish same may as called are teachers imare ward

If it were practical, it would be purposes as would be accomplished pressed with the responsibility of their highly desirable to have wards of such through visits of the bishop and his calling. They are given counsel and

limited population that the bishop and counselors. This plan, having been readvice each month by the bishopric.

his counselors could actually minister vealed from our Father in Heaven, is They visit every home religiously.

in person to every member of the ward. an excellent method of accomplishing They establish confidence and fraFor many reasons, however, this is not many of the results of a bishop's visit, ternal relationships with every family.

practical, and from the same angles, imand in addition has some advantages They encourage Church activity and possible. Yet the desirability of such which could not be secured if ward teach the Gospel in the homes of the

personal contacts remains. teaching should be confined to the Saints. Needless to relate, in such

It would be an ideal situation in bishopric. wards, the spirit of the Lord abounds.

which the bishop or one of his counFrom the viewpoint of Church govThe people are happy and contented;

selors could visit every family in the ernment and operation, the ward the work of the Church comes first in ward once each month, inquiring after teacher becomes, in effect, the extended the lives of the members; and the teachtheir welfare, ministering to their spirarm of the bishop. He goes into the ings of the Gospel are demonstrated in

itual and temporal needs and teaching homes of ward members as the peran impressive manner.

them the Gospel of Jesus Christ. The sonal representative of the bishop. It Such teaching is needed in the

bishopric would then know the condiis his duty to perform the same serChurch today, more, probably, than at tions of each family. If sickness or vices, extend the same fellowship, and any time in the history of the Church.

distress came to a home, the bishop give the same teachings as though the It is important to the welfare of the would be informed without delay, bebishop himself made the visit. He has Church and its members that the true

cause he would be close to the family the same obligations to concern himself spirit of ward teaching, as intended in and would have established a bond of with the temporal and spiritual welfare the revelations, be developed in every fellowship and confidence. If misunof the families in his district, as the ward, and that teachers discharge this

derstandings occurred, the bishopric bishop would have, if he made the visit important responsibility to the utmost would be the first to learn of them. in person. of their ability and capacity.

:.::.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M.

Q. GEORGE MORRISI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON

JOSEPH J. CANNON HELEN S. WILLIAMS

I- A. BURTON GODDARD VERNA W.

A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA OSCAR K.A. FARNSWORTHKIRKHAM, General33 BISHOP'SOffices YBUILDINGW. M.

Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Executive Secretary

Send all Cotrespondence to Committees Direct to General Oices

Theme:—Each New Year brings many 4. Landscaping the home, the place

changes in a quickly changing world. of worship and the community.

the of the of changes major some Name of the arrangement by how Show field fifty in past of science, years the size, height to according and shrubs life, social transportation, household conen- be of a building the beauty may reliveniences, economics,LEADERSHIP hanced. etc. attitude, gious past (Note:—Thegovernment, flowers of the arrangement Discuss scientific disfifty years seen haveT EADERSHIP is synonymous with sumore

pervision, and executives must be covery than all previous recorded time.) in the garden according to height, size,

constant supervisors. Now is the time Question: How much of change can we color, fragrance, time of blooming.

stand? vandalism, 5. prevent can we carefully How progressto the of check on

Conclusion: can withchange stand We is that the community indeed Happy inthe the work. manwork The class limit spiritual long out as as our growth to this contend problem not does have in alluals upto-date. should groups be progress, material with keeps pace and

initself will beauty Show how to to given needs beEncouragement is in there as long as our with. change no

leaders and class members to purchase fundamental beliefs of ideals or ultimate spire respect. Discuss other ways of

more manuals in order to better the eternal objective. The material things dealing with the problem.

class discussions. about us are secondary; it is man's rela- 6. How I can encourage my disinActivities of a community nature tionship to his Eternal Father that is terested neighbor to start a garden.

fundamental. offer can neighborly In a you way single alsoshould be scheduled. The References: reference complete For maplants your surplus and show your forcopies dancing, drama, music and terial the see 1937, issue November, in of himinterest gardening. eflfectual inwill inexpensively helpbe including The Improvement "The Era

this night the that too, suggest oning the programs. Plans Assembly We Into Future,"the Church PresLooks by

now should be made for the big ball ident J. Reuben Clark, Jr.; "Forty Years class select committees such as the

in January so that all the people in of Change,"by Glynn Bennion; "Womfollowing

the ward will participate in it. an's Changed World,"by Marba C. 1. A committee of one from each of

669; Church, page 698, Homing, pages to Security CommitteeROADSHOWS Josephson; Some Facts About the the two organizations to meet with the Church Ward

699; Reading, They page What Were project in offer help the Churchwide

stakes, etc. of the plans are 697, beingTn MANY worship. of beautify places to or chorus. Congregation Hymn: for the roadshow. made we Closing May 2. the to with meet committee A Benediction:offer of the warning concerning a word city help to offer or commission mayor

exercise of care in the costuming for and to work out a project for the comthe acts? Modesty should ever be the munity. If it has not already been done,

watchword of the Latterday Saints. suggest and encourage a plan of city

Executives and directors should take beautification. If such a plan has been

every precaution possible to have our made, work out as an Adult project, young people clothed modestly. some part of that plan such as a founADULT of playbuilding, PROJECT FOR tain, and beautifying ADULTSENIORSUGGESTED DECEMBER of parKs, roadside building grounds,CONJOINT FOR PROGRAM

the city of planting at the entrances seems to be anSUNDAY EVENING, ) possible as far out as ( for that matter, to think ofJANUARY 2, 1938 A LTHOUGHodd monthDecemberin which gardening it is the time to plan for our If those interested in gardening would

Year.Theme: The New plants their each surplus seeds and give for Project Adult next summer—"We LetOpening Hymn: Come Us Anew this expensive. be not need will raise cultural the suryear, tone of our Congregation.- ininteresting are and There many beautifying roundings our homes, byInvocation

structive magazines, pamand books of our places worship, and our comSelection: the chorus, male from Hymn, by

this subject phlets pictures on and and munities."S. of D. Choruses; or new L. Male Book Ladies'Chorus—"Prayer"from Hansel The following short talks are sugif your library cannot supply them and

and Gretel by Humperdinck (No. 80087 gested for Tuesday, December 21st: you cannot afford many, write for govPublishing supply to Harold seed Flammer pamphlets and Company); ernment for Project. the Need or All the mixed chorus—'Let People for catalogues. houses

affects people. beauty Show1 how the Praise Dressier Lord,"(Hall and following books and magaThe our Discuss probable Churchwide publishers). McCleary, helpful zines prove may beautification in celebration 1947. Year Reading:New Sudell; P/anGardening, Landscape or (Prose Poetry). Discuss the socializing enjoyment and

/or Residential ning Year,"Districts—Presiby Rena Suggestion—"New S. influence of gardening.

building dent's Conference and on home Travais, 31, Era, Improvement Page 2. soil in of the study conditions The the ownership; Co/or 1936. Schemes for January,

Selection: Instrumental Trio or suitable my local community. Flower Garden, Jekyll; Adventures in

given be has someone by To instrumental combination, who Wilder; Garden, Garden and Rock viz.—violin, My

cello, situation. the studied piano. can what Show Rockwell; Bulbs, Flow- "Wild Book of

talksThreeminute the on Year soil at be present the New grown and how the ers Ferns,"from Wi/- Taming and talks Adult Senior and by if necessary. be improved class may derness, Durand. to exceed three minutes Fourmembers—not

: 3. plants that Local can used. be Magazines American Annual Rose 2 and men women. each—2 local plants can be what used Quarterly; Better Show Gardens; and Homes selected.Solo: be To

Address: "The Changes of a Changing advantageously, not making it necesGood Housekeeping; House and GarYear."sary to import foreign ones. den; Flower Grower; Daily Papers.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

See also the monthly Eta articles on slogan or objective of every M Men Practically every question which comesChurchwide Beautification. This supervisor in every ward in the Church. to an M Men officer on matters of sumonth's article, "We Are Come To The content of this year's manual pervision, advancement of members,

Worship,"appears on page 748. represents some of the best reading mafees, athletics, eligibility of members

terial for young people that our M. I. A. for various contests are answered in

organization has produced. The subthese pages. We commend it to all

ject matter touches almost every phase for increased interest and efficiency in smou of our religious, social, and economic your class.

life and offers information and inspira- 'T'hose classes which find the first tion which often lead to a successful chapters of the Senior Manual a solution of perplexing life problems bit difficult to grasp, are invited by the that have worried one for some time.

of president Reeder, H. theSenior of General Board Judge Committee W. this splenStake comes Logan "pROM

theto Stake, turn in lessons the has to one back the found Ogden Mount who Lillie report did D. from Mecham

liselect the in of lessons most the completesymposium. and symThe in her ward. Gleaner on work We in all inbraries nearly ofposium, America them, suggest and on Mormon

it to inspiration will bring that hope civilization, said, "I recentlyteresting activity. class projects western and the throughout leader every Gleaner

practically that every has have manual is belief that the of Committee The the bring to study and program Church ever the published been Young by those classes trouble havingeven now it girl to in the of age Gleaner every

AssociaImprovement Mutual Men's first lessons the in the of the partwith Gleaning Since community. week,

tion regard of and some them as my will their knit classes tobook, able be inSister Gleaners have Mecham's

I additions. library valuable mosttogether the of by symposium means their enrollment creased 50%. find inspiration often information andsuggestions earlier the that of part and Lincoln has from an jumped Ward little it classics these cannot from when bitthe will better over manual a go their since enrollment to of 8 Glean35 elsewhere."be found only need Onelater.

has week. 100% Downey Ward current the with hour to spend an is that However, most M ing hoped Gleaners, that girl of of its every age Opportunon "Youth's Manualclasses are well that Men so under nowit way attending. enrolled and ities"appreciate to true Judge how difficulties.there are further no One

youthful class leader said: "We are Reeder's statement is. The general objectives of the Gleaner

are: department Dr. Farnsworth, K. Burton second fine. first going or lesson two Thenow

1. live Latterday Saint and know To in the counselor I. A. General Su- M. bit grasp, class to a the hard butwere

principles. this the perintendency, of year's authoris its sailing under with steam now own 2. adjustments.. establish social normal To in it manual, discussion included has afull speed ahead."loyalty.. 3. stake develop ward and To

vital of of that the three problems most indirectly has heard Committee The 4. train for leadership. To

of a number of fine parties, but it has ever touch a young man's life, namely 5. To prepare for eternal marriage.received no direct reports as yet. The—his vocation, the problem of making I. This year we are attempting t&

members are eager to have reports of a living; his courtship and marriage, establish Latterday Saint principles in the

lives Girls of our Gleaner having by his daily the of a problem making home; and inactivities that suggestions order may

to themselves study pledge bind them and religion, of the a life. problem making passed classesbe to other on in other

sheaf, the predicated 3rd the Gleaner on Characteristic are: chapter headingsparts of the parties as Church. House 4th verses Psalm. the of 20th bind and To

activity in aswell projconnection with they the sheaf will (1) strive What must I consider in choosing a voects are Interest to be encouraged. of the through observance body forWorda cleanof cation?

groups should be stimulated to further How shall I finance my training? Wisdom; (2) have a pure heart, as a result

their interests by meeting occasionally What are the problems of courtship? of righteous living made possible by sincere

for fraternal reasons. What can I do to assure a successful marprayer, and confidence in the Lord through

virtue; spirit obedient with accept an (3) class Senior leaders should check on riage?

"create them; of honest an (4) calls made maintain youth moral balance? can How theirthe J5ra subscribers in groups. The truth, the speaking avoiding through I to adapt an evermind my religion How can furnish canImprovement Era many gossip discouraging and and unworthy life? changing

topicssplendid for conversation as well stories, truth. to living ideals of the up

as for class interpretation, if the class The treatment the author gives these II. We have a Ward Sheaf to bind this

is in Girl year having every Gleaner by wellacquaintedmembership the with is issues important interestingly and class. in enrolled Gleaner our Wardmagazine. Furthermore, of the use the Weour effectively should done read be and this to striving effect application are of by in class frequentlymagazine would in reread and every young by man plan. the membership before The week itstimulate the of reading class the by the Church. I. fall of activthe formal opening A. M.membership. really Senior group The often held opening anSupervisor an an Too Men ities—the social—we M all inshould lead others subscripEra all to the of party nouncement which hesitates in to the put the hands manual

tions, because they are those young of the class members for fear that they Gleaners in the ward were especially inpeople busily vited. in redelightful of building After evening engaged a his "steal to so thunder"speak.

singing, refreshments, views, group and families. Surely andhomes there class innot a be made more is no willWould social the the opening announced, and was importantmore the in magazine world all teresting having well members by girls social invited the to attend the and inviteto to the constant become comin informed the subject advance on the year. meetings throughout ofpanion Latterday Saint children

all matter discussion that proceed with and a time Gleaners enwere our At adults.and girls rolled; but into our have points, moved of vital many rather than present

Class leaders, we'd like reports on them in a more or less dry lecture in ward to attend college. We are now strivthe following: Your parties—Christwhich the teacher only participates. ing to get them all attending M. I. A. We

birthday. conducted Gleaningmas, a during the parWeek New Year's—any is as: leading questions Such "What to previous Comraderyties; week reading; your of your use The Night—Oct. this author's the opinion subject?"on girls 12th. to invite appointed were The interestImprovement Era; groups. your or agree author the with you "Do when all totheir Gleaners to block on come like to this column makeWe'd?"an he bring says often a especially Mutual, to with be and us on of ideas.exchange night. Comradery of enthusiastic discussion volume Young Our Women's which

lead the participants to say after the president and I visited the new girls who class, "That was the best class I have had moved into the ward extending them special invitation sincere to join a and attended."ever

our Mutual.

the the in includes Futhermore manual thrilled the success of with were our We contains dewhich Handbook Men first 12th. Night, M October Comradery As

tailed information the organization,t4 TV Manual In The Hands of Every on implies the night gives Comradery name

M Man."This should be the membership, and activity program. an opportunity to become acquaintedus

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

pledge our friendship, and high purposes, them every opportunity for development in book before the whole time has flown in truth to become comrades. Each girl conducting their class programs. She can by. If the chapter on "A Book is a

girls'her residence, the reinforceannounced name, vocation, preparation conand effect, Frigate"has taken this should talents, ambitions. sheaf fidence Gleaner and helping beforehand with them The by easy, enjoyable. as well as And discussed, the story of read leadership and but problems, she shouldwas Ruth see be

the Gleaner was reviewed, and the symthat the girls actually conduct the class when you meet again in January, each bolism of the Gleaner pin was explained. during the time allotted to them. of you relate some incident which

The girls all pledged to live up to our The leader may have different phases of brought joy to your mother or some fourfold sheaf and prepare themselves to the lesson discussed by groups within the other person who loves you and helps be worthy of wearing the Gleaner pin, class, each group directed by a chairman, care for you.

they receive thus givingwhich on may many opportunity for selfthe next Comhelp class the you through And to night,radery 1938. expression. 11, January... of this periods that month, you we urge

What a power for good if they live up V. In presenting the four separate lescomplete your arrangements for the

theirto pledge! is sons marriage, great objective the to on joint social, ExplorerJunior and

evening soconcluded with was a The girls the help appreciate the securbeauty, it of happiest the one events of makecial girls in hour the joywhich became ity, eternal the value of of and covenant for the these year people. young Putously acquainted. Light refreshments were in the marriage received only temple marinto the activities discussions use andserved; the and pleasure of honorhad we It riage. responsibility is our to help every

ing one of our Gleaners who is leaving to girl under us feel that the greatest adyou have had on dance etiquette, and fill a mission. (See manual, page 158.) in venture rearing a dancing. and life—marriage This in the membership plan embodied at least of the mothers a few Have eternal and founded be an on family—should sheaf providesward an excellent opporbasis also the should fathers in be and sacred attendance, most as patrons.

tunity to personally and incentive contact Sister adventure. Bennett's lessons the period Study Charon Make on "We girl, let invite serves toand every and is this "Marriage develops an Art,"sacred acter,"successful the possible, most by realize is the that theirsthem honor... beautifully. plan in purpose and most familiar becoming the enough with affiliatedbeing of such high with a group

standards. purpose of it, so that you can discard

To develop ward and stake loyalty, sing! the manual and teach all of the desired

sing!! sing!!! in quartettes, choruses, class points on character study, by acting

groups, and congregations. Sing as a ward them out, giving constructive criticism,group; sing as a stake group; and let a "J*umiou and acting them out again, until they

joyful song be forever singing in our hearts. reach the desired degree of perfection.

thoughts III. and TecemberI Lanier, happy The the Sidney poetmusician, is In this other words, not to be a

issays, love of "Music in search word."a at to that the us memories come period, study action. but of a period

participation inWholehearted group and this Opportunities of mention name. P. Girls'S. Organizations Junior Re singing, brightens enrichescommunity and service, for for served; well being as as has General not Board recomspirit;the the barriers breaks of—the down of carefree strong enjoyment, and class a organization for these mendedtimidity indifference; creates and a of times love

friends and associates and for the work in desires to make others smile with appregirls. Give them some of this type of

which we are engaged. ciation. Junior Leaders, and Junior responsibihty, yes. But let it be as

And as we sing together, so should we Girls, your general committee wishes committee members, acting under the play together—in sports, swimming, tennis, for you the very best of holiday joys, direction of the class leaders. Let themhorseback riding, skating, hiking—all acand the capacity to enjoy your privlook forward to the time when they

tivities are exhilarating are. which ileges blessings, and promote they whatever and the Gleaners. be may president—of...sociability. brings or Santa whether much, you And don't pushing need to beany They effort for Cooperative develops loyalty it less, things to the add good may old. arrive will come soon They...the group. to of are helping "the which you make enough. and Mothers Daughters'banquets, it M old lady."grand take care And may all, so. to Christmas Merry and And parties, Girls'the and GleanerMen and life, "right the of of time your now"all to year. good a socialclimax of and Men M functions—the is It little also. services the for do we all GirlGleaner appredevelop Banquets

ciation and loyalty. Anticipation and our loved ones, that make Christmas

preparation for the Ward Gleaner and M such a happy time. And the underMen banquet has brought and kept many standing and appreciation for each

in Mutual; as have the dance, drama, other helps a lot, too. And for the

chorus, and opera. The Stake Gleaner New Year, may you have courage to

is the banquetand and dance Men M in joy, and, continue during year, the General BeeHive Committee TPhe socialcrowning of year. the event things set accomplish those which you to to express the wish Stakes

Girls IV. Gleaner are organized each this at to do, out beginning another their congratulations the upon renewed president, with vicepresidentyear and all to period. of you. love There Our energy in enthusiasm manifest the andsecretarytreasurer, selected the Gleaner by

to that done, is so be should be much stakes. willingness to serve Your and officersgroup. stake carry Gleaner The

forward stakewide projects and social afdone, to make people happy. And your prayerful study are a source of

fairs which promote stake solidarity and there are so many people to do it all. joy to us.

furnish it? for opportunities associawill they happy Will do your do You congratulate District to wish the We

tion. last example, For season our stake part, course. stakes of Several have we Supervisors Stake the and Leaders on

play,Gleaners put a conducted on bazaar a feel visited Girls that the arc the Junior Institutes splendid which been have sale, held successfuland candy and most a of organization, their the backbone with help, held especially, to the Beenew inbanquet cooperation dance the and with freshness, enthusiasm! youth, and and Keepers. also to express wish apofficers'We Gleaner speMen. ward TheM officers of Their are them. proud And for activities preciation the summercial is first opportunity to function the on

Tuesday of each month in connection with so are we. Let's hold up to the name of the BeeKeepers and BeeHive girls.

the like group of officers from the M Men you are acquiring. As a group do some It is proper that we should assume

organization and to conduct the first ten kind act to a shutin. Take a party to yearround responsibility of being fine

minutes it; is of each Tuesday, before the lesson her, if she well to enjoy enough of the under Shepherds Lord for twelve

is presented. her or take a box of that good candy visits of the year. months to the Our

Social committees membership and are last learned in you year your to make delightful; Stakes have they been have

girls to theappointed responsible be among sampler course; or write her hobby friends, close us working together a made activitiesfor the socials various the of and letter, enclose progressive and of some interests for girls the the of of young in officers class connection thegroup with

shots. snap to your the be ones You the Church. leaders. theyand opportunity Thus have

it shall be. hunt say what up you Can stakes the are holdingto preside to and conduct To Boy who meetings and

sponsor and organize class activities and some sweet girl who is hungry for your Scout and BeeHive dances and parparties. companionship, and add to her joy? ties, we want to say, "Keep it up, you

The Gleaner leaders are the close friends What will you read during the holiare on the right path."These events,

and advisors of the Gleaner Girls, and give days? Be sure to read at least one good {Continued on page 778)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

however, should be matinee affairs, It is a challenge to you, BeeKeeper; J. Elmer Christensen contained in all

or held in the early evening and should to your ability; love for the work and of the department manuals this year.

be well planned and supervised. girlhood; and honest prayerful effort. You may get inspiration for the

kindly accept of the year, close the At THE GUIDES "CycleUpon byofNephiLife"Anderson.by reading Added appreciation to all, sincere loveour and

for best wishesand our very of fine stories Here is a for book full

Year. andChristmas Happy New suitable a Merry V17e""ringhopeto youpreviousare constantlyyears'issuesreferof Christmas for Girls: BeeHive

for the the help Guides, on where Era Literature III, Living, and Book by Lygiven. suggestions valuable are EspeHill, man and Junior High SchoolFROM THE FIELD call cially attention do to Novemwe Series.

ber and December numbers for sugChrist said, "Feed my Sheep"gestions on Christmas activities. They In this book you will find many

contain in addition to help on the favorite stories as the following:

Is a BeeKeepet HuNNECUTTpDiTH Little stories, lists Gavroche, of suggestions Guides, Victor Hugo; Brave

Stake. San Luisof Romeo, Heart, parties She for handcraft games, and and Dyke; Henry Van His Christhad four BeeHive girls last winter. many other things. In teaching the mas Gilt, Jack August Riis; Christmas

In the spring two of these moved Word of Wisdom, please read the Peace. Page; Other Wise Man, Van

away and one became ill. Sister articles by Dr. L. A. Stephenson and Dyke. (Concluded on page 789)

Hunnecutt had resolved to meet with her BeeHive girls all summer as requested by our Church Authorities. iMWIIPliI m.. I. (UgaWWMM aUH

Not shaken in her purpose, she met every week with her one pupil, WilmaChristensen. Each week both of them Ironrife"

they a nickel. moneysaved With the

materials. of The Double, the endpurchased At

the summer the results were as follows Utility I r oner

Canned 13 quarts of vegetables; made

8 baby dresses, 1 slip, 1 pair of rompers; remodeled 1 coat and a hat to --.—>?>

match. Wilma had earned several

cells and Honor Badges and assisted in the Church Security Program.

THE GUARDIAN GROUP

A TTENTiON in previous Eras has been* called to the Guardian group. Reports have come to us that BeeKeepers

find difficulty in keeping the interest of these older BeeHive girls. The bigsister idea has been recommended in Life Begins

school, where each girl looks after a freshman student. Perhaps some such

plan may be followed successfully withthe Guardians. Much may be done AGAIN!

assisting entertaining in and themby girls. take HUSBANDS! SISTERSI canthe These girls younger

turns in being leaders in your group BROTHERS! OTHERS!

system. Work out questions on the

guide and give references. Choose as

many leaders as you wish groups. Letthese lead the group in study and disSave MOTHER!

cussion of the questions. Then bring Lighten mother's burden. Save her health. Keep her young and

them together to report on the group happy. Bring her "out of the laundry"to enjoy life.

discussion under your supervision.

Change the leaders often. Guardians Buy her a Xmas gift this year that she can enjoy every week of this and

must earn fourteen BeeLines to commany years to come—get her that

plete the Rank. There is time enough

to earn a number of Honor Badges, apply on the Honey Comb,work the Trorarffe in participate BeeHiveSymbols,

Chorus work, study and present a play and many other things. The study of

foods; planning a balanced menu; studying of table etiquette; dinner themes SCHOSS SOUTH EAST

cards, place decorations, ELECTRIC programwith CO.

will furnish all correlated,favors, Brigham City, Tremonton, Utah. FURNITURE CO. inOgden,teresting occupations in filling FoundaMalad, Idaho SUGAR HOUSE

tion Bee Line No. 7. There is no reaSalt Lake City, Utah

son why this last year of BeeHive For further informotion call or write Gordon E. Wilkins, Factory Representative.

should not be the most outstanding in 3100 Telegraph Ave., Oakland, Calif.

joy and richness of living, fine associations, and splendid accomplishments.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

YOUTH IN ACTION FOR PEACE

{Concluded from page 7i7)

tion of meals, displays in the arena, Boy Scouts of America was magEvery American member of our performances in the theatre, camp nificent. They were very highly contingent was happy to hear our

fires. There were opportunities for commended and were requested by own Camp Chief, Dr. James E.

sightseeing trips but perhaps most the directors to repeat the performWest, address us, saying:

important of all was the great opance. The American Minister to The excellent reputation which the

portunity of visiting among the difHolland, Glenville T. Emmit, atAmerican Contingent has earned is due

the cooperation has univerbeen which horizons,ferent the first display camps, widening tended with Lord tosally the Leaders extended and by Troop friendships, invitedforming of which BadenPowell a group and many Organization. Troop have had no We

will prove lifelong, getting acof eighty Scouts to be his guests at occasion to ask forgiveness or to present quainted with the other fellow and the Hague. The Spectacle, as preapologies. Our Camp has been unusually

cleari throughand was highly commendedlearning the Scouts, sented American by was how he lives.

feel out the well whole Jamboree. can We brilliant exhibition the of Scout and of simple articles The exchange the of proud impression which our group

became the medium of much convercraft and Scout games, culminating of eight hundred and fourteen Scouts and

Fifth the in have Scouters made in World Indian fellowgreat dances and a in insation sign or often language

I feel of each Jamboree. proud every and campfire, ship held the spectators foreign lanof wordsbroken some of our member wonderful Jamboree Contheir of spellbound bright with maze clever theguage. "Scot"tingent. Of course

had a worthy bargainer in the smiling colors against the green meadows

Dutch lad and many a hard bargain and the pale blue sky of Holland. It The remarkable health record

was concluded after hours of dickerwas reported that one hundred thouof our own National Jamboree was ing. On one occasion it was intersand spectators witnessed the percontinued at the World Jamboree.

esting to hear a Jewish youth, upon formances by the American Scouts. Two Scouts were obliged to undercompleting a successful "change"go operations for appendicitis, but

with a Scout friend from Egypt, say: they came through in fine shape.

On August 9th. the closing day,

of ancestors"One my distant day, the opening Continon the was President Grant Sees as the Minister of Egypt."Primeonce gents once the past more marched

The Scout with turbaned headgear Social Security in reviewing stand.

was surprised and amazed that he Lord BadenPowell presented to had been talking to such a distinCzechoslovakia representatives of the different conguished person. Then the Jewish tingents a Jacob's Staff, symbol of

boy concluded: "Haven't you ever (Concluded /rom page 755) the Jamboree and of World friendheard of Joseph who was sold in ship and then gave his farewell mesEgypt?"sage: lovely the of the homes by name

is is real reverent"a Scout "A I is Scouts, our ended. Jamboree am liberator great the teacher of and

life in of vital the factor theand friends glad have with anone you made people, Czechoslovak Thomas G. other. called "the has been movement definite of Our part a formedScout and

first of the the president Masaryk, boys'crusade"crusade.""the peace and Protestprogram.the Jamboree A

I truth, in these Republic. believe these descriptions. homes, are good And A in the arena service heldant was will few hence years be on you men whom of scores representative soof other

serpresent. tenwith thousand will The rest the responsibility of making war the throughout whole programs

I lives or peace. to successwant your be F. S. Rev. the given by wasmon H. nation,cial protection insuring against ful. all. bless you God D., v.d. ProSpenkel, D.Berkelbach sickness, accident, unemployment striking tents Soon our were we of Utrecht.fessor University the of the of death, part are of a one and saying goodbye. and The World to Holland, Papal Nuncio The finest social of security tKe systems histo shortly was Jamboree become the sang PonGiobbe,Monsignor in knows. bespeak world They It tory. event, a great had beentifical the for Catholic High Mass faith, reality vision the glowing the lives in of thouthe epochmaking provisionScouts. made was Ample this presiideals great of the and their leaders. of sands Scouts and their to observe the Scoutsfor Jewish dent, not was, motto "Jesus, whose written Scouter has Enghsh One all religious obligations. andSabbath recently has Caesar,"gone and who lines: these

his to eternal reward. emuThey Presto welcome were happy We the the Here where and camp fires bum late stirring immortalize the and visit his to inident Heber world's is met, youth J. Grant

spirit of democracy, freedom and give Brother, will hand, your me say you Scouters Scoutsthe and Jamboree.

in to central flame forget. he fanned not of which Christ ofof Jesus the Church

If in the years rumors of war to come intelthe Europe, under which and in Saints the headLatter-day met arise, ligent direction of humble and Godtent inspiredquarters were by and mistrust, wrath, and greed becloud And his message to us. fearing men cries aloud, "Live and the nations'eyes.

help live!"

It was no uncommon sight to see The sting of angry words, the surge of at evening time a leader and a group And so it seems entirely fitting national pride, hate,—our tentsof Scouts about him, expressing their that President Grant, who leads a Howstoodcan sidethey bymakeside! us

daily devotions together. Faith in people who have accomplished soWe walked with linked arms; we were

God, and adherence to the religious cial wonders in their own right, joined in joyous play,

Hfe play an important part in the should raise his voice to praise this And with youth's friendly eyes smiled say. could not what we undertaking, whichBoy Scout program. momentous

the fires where camp burn and the to the Here stands as a living monument is world's youth met, The Arena display "The Cavaljustice and the integrity of the Brother give me your hand, say you will cade of Scouting"presented by the Czech people. not forget.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

WE ARE COME TO WORSHIP (Concluded from page 748)

relate showed not only their expression before them yet were anxious to hear very much elated. The enthusiasm was

of a firm belief, a belief so strong that the message that their visitor had for greater than it had ever been. Full

no obstacle could be too great to stand them. support was pledged both in cash and

in their way, but an integrity of which "Brother Kimball stood before them labor. The bishop wondered if it could

there is no equal. They revealed that and related a few stories of his exbe done. He could not beheve that

the most priceless possession of manperiences as a young man in Bear Lake, there was enough money among the kind had been given them. stating that if he could survive that members or time enough to complete

"This outlying ward undertook to country they could live any place. the building. However, the people

construct a $48,000.00 brick building He also stated that he could speak their were eager to start work again in order

one hundred twentyfive miles from a language and related an incident where, that the task might be accomplished railroad. as a young man, his father told him to as soon as possible,

"The people were divided in opintake their best horse—a beautiful riding "Approximately ten days later, ion as to where the building should horse—to the tithing office. He was which was about the first of Novembe erected. The late Apostle Orson very much opposed to the idea, saying, ber, the contractor received a call from

F. Whitney was appointed to this stake 'If we do this, father. Brother the bishop, stating that since Brother

at the time to attend a conference. will have that horse tomorrow.'But Kimball's visit several of the adjoining

When he arrived he was met by stake his father replied, 'Now, Golden, take wards had got behind the project and officials and taken to these properties that horse to the tithing office before one community had raised $2000.00 for

up.'expressed the desireagainst them. He stated that his wish, for he that the he my"heart'Now puckersdo not let your hearts pucker building be completed practical himself adid not consider and dedicated man

and would rather that someone else up,'continued Brother Kimball, 'but be that year. Every effort was put forth

make the decision. However, the peogenerous with your giving in the comto do this and the results were marple urged him to do so and in turn pletion of this building.'velous. On the twentyeighth day of

pledged their full support to whichever "At the close of his talk he made a December, at midnight, the seating, site he selected. promise, 'If you people will get back of carpets, decorating, furnishings, were

"After spending considerable time your bishop and complete this building, ready for dedication the following day.

listening to one side and then the other, I will promise you that you will never "The next morning the bishop could he stated that it would be impossible miss a cent that you put into it. What not believe that it was possible for the

for him to make a fair decision at that is more, it will raise the standard of ward to have raised enough money to time but that he would pray during your living in this community. You pay their portion. To his amazement

improve your homes nightthe to will and if they would found, all come in keeping he careful upon checking at the... this fine building. with thestake conference follownext day, bank, that there was not only enough

ing the conference they would meet in "After the meeting the people were but eleven hundred dollars more than an adjoining room and he would give the amount required. That evening

them his decision. at the dedication, the doors between

"The following day the people were the recreation hall and chapel were there to abide by his choice. He talked The Advertisers, opened and the building was filled to

telling for thirty minutes,with them and Where You Will Find overflowing.

his experience asthem a young man "It was very much in contrast to the when called to serve as a bishop of Their Messages meeting that had been held previously.

felt of the wards. as then 'Trueone to now, Brother He Kimball's promise, the...789 Music Beesley Co histhat decisions higher be always must made standard living of evident was Beneficial Life Insurance Comhelp. in told thatwith Divine the them additional He pride the which peoCover Back pany

Site. Central the plehe chosen had possessed. They

..732 University Young Brighamall heartily willexpressed agreed and "These people could look now back..785 Oil Continental Company startingness to construction the on on a job well done. job with no A

..766 Deseret Book Companybuilding following 'loose the day. left flying.'ends is the Such

"The next day teams were on the Deseret News Press..790 power of achievement in restoring joy

site and the ground was being broken Draper Poultrymen, Inc..729 of living, pride of bearing, and a genfor the construction of the new buildEastman Kodak Company..789 eral feeling of equality with the world."

ing. Some of the men went to the Glade Candy Company..791

mountains to cut timber, others hauled Globe Mills..765 In Latterday Saint communities,

gravel for the foundation,sand and such many chapels Interstate may Brick be seen dotCompany still others forwhile the brick made ting the Inside Back Cover land. In these meetingwalls. theconstruction of buildThe..778 Ironrite Ironer houses dedicated to are asGod,ing rapid with forward a went pace

Station Radio..734 sembled each KSL Sabbath and a manyuntil the roof on. was

"At this time the people began to L. B. Hair Oil..786 week day as well, men and women

lose interest, feeling that the task before L. D. S. Business College..788 and children from all walks of life.

Fuel They, Mountain too, Supply Company..731 It great. too havethem seen was was suggested star a star—a

..732 Laboratoriesto the that bishop a visit Mountain of light President from faith and and hope, and they

J. Golden Kimball be made to encourMutual Improvement Associahave steadfastly followed its rays,

age the people in this work. The tions 785 many from the ends of the earth.

thisbishop to agreed suggestion and..732 Hotel Lankershim New in Here these chapels built the by..786 PembrokeBrother responded. Kimball Company united efforts of the people, beautiPolk. L...785 R. & Co special meeting called had been "A fied the by works of their of Culture..791 School Quish Beauty hands, the arrivedand hour they when came Salt..784 Lake Stamp Company these Saints of the Latterday kneel far filling to nearfrom him, hear and Shell Oil Company at His shrine are and called His bythe old chapel to capacity; some were Inside Front Cover I name. these Here folk Godfearingsitting in the others windows, could not Standard Brands,..732 Inc

get in. Some came eagerly from the Utah Engraving..785 pour out the honest devotion of their

fields in their working apparel. Some Utah Oil Company -783 souls as the shepherds and wise men

seemed indifferent to the task that lay of old, and fervently worship Him.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

... taffeta. satin, yes and "Whose dress she got on? HerParty Dress vet,

little Several jackets grandmother's?"of them wore

{Continued from page 749) with their dresses, and as Lois lookThere was a horrible moment of jacket. That would hide the waist, ed at them she remembered the vissilence, a moment during which Lois

then we could cut some of the fulion of loveliness she had seen in her waited as one must wait the day of ness out of the skirt, here where it own mirror, lifted the ruffled collar doom, a moment during which hfe goes under, and sew a piece on the of the pink jacket, and assured herseemed to stop as she waited, her side here to lengthen it."self, "My dress isn't as new, but it heart hammering in her throat, her

"That sounds possible,"the others is just as pretty. I look as good as breath coming fast, her mind unable

agreed, then after a moment her any of them,"to think. She wanted to get up and

mother repeated, "Yes, it sounds run, but she seemed glued to the very possible. I think that would JjOYS were greeting Jerry spot; she wanted to cry out, but she

be nice."on all sides, "Hi'ya."Some of them seemed too stricken. Then out of

Christmas Eve, Lois was breathwho knew her shghtly spoke to her, what seemed an interminable moless with excitement and eagerness. and Jerry introduced her to many ment, she heard a loud sock, a

Kathie and her mother were tired but that she did not know, many she groan, and a heavy thud on the happy as they slipped the little pink had seen at school, had known, beporch, then quick footsteps, while jacket over her slim, young shoulcause they were football stars or she realized that she must get away ders, touched her hair here and student body leaders, from sight, from here before Jerry came and there, brought from small, hidden and it was a thrill for her to be here found her, before he realized that boxes the nicest handkerchief in the with them, one of them. And she she had heard.

... Kathie'shouse compact and for they of putthem, were one was swiftly to the room walked She gift taffeta of the thea lost days from their ting her program; names on wraps, her taken and she haddresses, her kissed cheek as they and... where her to with they dance wanted its inside stood once door she loveliest "You'll the bemurmured; all quite few. them, not a of but closed, trembling, eyes her her all.girl look of so them do You really only she cared For Enough. tightly together. clutched Afhandssweet."with about dancing Jerry had who ter slowly a walked she moment

reflection in the Lois her all saw in girls her, the of out the asked mirror to the over looked long and inglass, approval his saw the partner. her famworld, to be herself, herself Surely at... saw saw

loveliness,ily's eyes, all in saw Cinderella, her own her borrowed herself others as these must have felt radiant a with happiness finery,and happier than been no had her, seen dud,"grand- "Her "A before. nevershe This had at this known she moment. was dress."mother's the She saw

in thing the world, grandest thewas felt that the she Yet somehow, skirt, the she lengthened worn saw life,this this this love youth, of angirls here, other resented being her taffeta jacket, in the blue the saw ticipation, this consciousness of one's for whenever she turned around unshoulder showing beneath it. Hot,

self, this happiness. expectedly, she saw some of them hurt tears drenched her eyes. She

Gerald Richey did not disappoint watching her, a strange expression whispered hoarsely, "No wonder the family that was expectantly in their eyes. And when she came they looked at me, no wonder the

waiting his approval of their "party up to a group of them they seemed boys didn't cut in. I look, oh, I

girl."suddenly to grow silent and restrainlook a mess."

"You look plenty sweet,"he told ed, or to seem patronizingly kind her as he watched her pin his corsage to her. But it could not spoil her her dried she r*iNALLY, fact that the happiness, nor could to dress. roses herof peas sweet and

eyes, nose, her turned powdered less cutin other the than on she was"Shall go?"we valked resolutely, but slowly and girls. that thing mattered only The chill felt slight Lois a misgivof feeling that she into the room, back attentive. that very Jerry was wasing the they climbed as impressive in give the world anything would could with she have danced on And to thesteps Watkins'home. She for here, she to be from away now forever. himslipped the her through hand arm at staring sure everyone was was left intermission her a with he At it tightly. offered clasped andJerry her, her, at laughing knew and Jerry reget while he to group went some his laid for hers over a handHe her, that at laughing they were and freshments. the But group seemed reassuringly smiled she andmoment kind. so been he was had why He after her of presence he unaware had lifted his eyes, into dark head, herup her, stuck a with stuck with was else ignorconsciously or were gone the into large proudly house.walking thought she frump. had dud, a And left quite her, for ing she out was in a never such been She had pretty. looked had she Oh, why conversation. of the she She knew like It before. somethinghouse was her Kathie her made mother and less feel alone, so would awkward its story with a widefrom book pretty? believe looked she Why, sat at she a walked and away down into another, opening onerooms uninteresting was as she and homely felt far of the she where end room its floors, itswith gleaming huge milk. of a as skimmed pan less a—as conspicuous. she be would set flowers rooms, thevases of about to fought swallow Desperately she quite of unconscious She was its its perfectly palms, enorpotted in throat, to the the her keep lump voices outside the the on window lavishly tree Christmas decmous totears as from her eyes Jerry came until she a veranda heard young man its in of theorated one room, coAer in of her, glasses punch two ward girl friend, say, the Jerry?""Who's its fires log burning, servants moving ever. his as kindly as smiling hands, voice saying, Jerry's heard And in quietly they did the asabout talkbecause only he succeeded She "Lois haven't her?"Heath, met you involuntarilymovies. gasped She rapidly, saying, so ed

at the beauty of it all and at the "No, but she's sure a dud.""Say, where'd you disappear to?

beauty of the girls who were coming "I wouldn't say that,"Jerry said I thought you'd done a sleight of in in velvet evening wraps and fur evenly, too evenly, though his friend hand on me."

coats, in long evening dresses of velseemed not to notice, for he went on {Concluded on page 782) a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

fine getting acquainted. party the attended, she had Maybe ofParty Dress just

to hear her you're not having she had been much fun."tell how

(Concluded from page 781) She wanted to say, "No. I'm not the belle of the ball. She smiled at

but did not trust herself to speak. having fun, but I hope I've given the irony of it all. She looked at

He continued, "Let's find a corner you and your friends a good time."them as she thought, angrily, "Well,

where we can talk, shall we? Just But she said nothing, and he went I'll tell them,"and as she saw their

the two of us?"on, "Just one more dance?"eager, hungry eyes, their eyes that

"Yes, let's,"she agreed, just as She couldn't refuse. She wasn't had seen so little loveliness and had

though she didn't know why he really tired. She was only sixteen, visioned it for her, all the bitterness

wanted to find a corner, as though this was her first party; it had been melted in her, all thought she had

she still thought he wasn't ashamed such fun until she had heard—oh, of cruelly telling them the truth, of

of her. why had she heard. Better to have hurting them as she had been hurt,

They talked several moments, and believed she was a Cinderella, betfaded. She lifted her head, forced

then they saw a young man coming ter never to have known. herself to smile, to say, naturally,

toward them, a tall, fairhaired "Hello."

youth whose one cheek looked dark i HEY danced. It was her Her mother, her tired, little mother,

and slightly swollen. At the sight favorite tune they were playing, came over to her and helped her with

of him Jerry's face grew crimson to "I Love You Truly,"and as Jerry her coat, insisting that she come over the roots of his hair, he spilled some leaned over her and sang the words to the fire and "Tell us all about it."

of his punch on his tuxedo. But softly, she tried to recapture her Lois bent her head backward,

she sat stoically calm; she was prelost happiness, tried to pretend he closed her eyes as though to catch

pared for anything. It was as if was singing them to her, but she agdin the glamor and the beauty

she had died and now nothing could couldn't. She wanted to tell him of it all, but in reality to shut out the

matter, nothing could hurt. she knew so that he wouldn't need tears, to quiet the throbbing ache in

Or did it matter? Yes, yes, it pretend any longer. her heart, the ache that was of a

mattered suddenly for Jerry's sake. "Haven't you enjoyed this?"he sudden not for herself but for these

She had humiliated him in front of asked abruptly, looking into her people who loved her, who wanted his friends, had made him a laugheyes. Her chin quivered but she to share her happiness. She breathing-stock, had made him fight with said, "Yes, I really have."ed deeply, began, "Oh, it was

his friend, and all because he had "Then what is it?"glorious. The house was just like

been good to her. She had wanted "Nothing. I'm just tired."those you see in pictures. A real

to make a good impression for his He smiled, "I'm glad there are orchestra... And you should have

sake, had wanted his friends to like girls in the world who get tired seen the Christmas tree. Everyone

her. She looked up at the blonde sometime. You're a lot of nice was so nice. Jerry was grand..."

boy and would have begged him not things in a girl.. did you know? They glowed. They seemed radito make a scene, begged him not to You're fresh and... Don't make ant with happiness. Finally one of

shame Jerry more, but before she me break down and weep."them questioned, "And your dress,

could speak, before she could move, She laughed. He was being too was your dress all right?"She patshe heard him say: nice. And it was so foolish because ted the little collar into place,

"Jerry, I'm afraid you missed givit was too late. Cinderella had lost whirled around before them, said,

ing me an introduction."There was her slipper, all her party finery, and "I'll say it was. It was as pretty

sarcasm, in his ofno lost no irony words. as any she she They moreover had knew

serious, she was very went to bed beautiful a and Jerry sheHe had lost them—prettier."then, happy. And them, knew

arose, "I'm sorry. Wen, Miss Heath illusion she would never find again. turned out the lights, sat by the

let me present Mr. Smyth, Senior Tonight was to have been the beginwindow, sat in the room with the

class president. Wendel, this is ning of so much, and what had it tree that had been trimmed with

Lois."been? The beginning of a lifetime silver icicles, little red and green

Wendell Smyth reached out and of life disappointments, of not havbaskets her mother had had since she took her hand, "Jerry always has ing nice clothes, of being laughed was a child in Denmark, golden good taste. Is your program filled?"at by the people who mattered, of oranges; the tree that was somehow

He wrote his name on her pronever having any of the things that symbolic of the love and service of gram, talked a few moments, bowed mattered. this humble home, and suddenly she

a little, and left them. He was being They drove home through the wasn't unhappy any longer.

kind now too. They were gentlegaily decorated city that was being She watched the snow, looked up

men and they were sorry for her. gently covered beneath a blanket of at the stars. She felt vaguely that

That was harder to bear than if they jeweled snow. It would be a white tonight had been the beginning of

had laughed and ridiculed her. She Christmas. It could have been such something wonderful after all—

couldn't bear it, she couldn't. She a lovely Christmas. gentle, genuine joy deep in her becouldn't stand being here. And she "I'll call you soon,"Jerry assured ing, a selfless love she had never

hated herself, hated her mother and her as he left her at the door, and known before. For the first time,

her sister, hated Jerry, everyone who his voice sounded sincere even having forgotten herself in her love had been responsible for her being though she assured herself it was of someone else, she understood the here. his final gallant gesture. "Thanks,"meaning of Chrimas, the love of

"I'm tired,"she said, quietly, she murmured, and went into the Jesus for a world for which he could "Will you take me home?"house. lose even His life. This was the

How relieved he must be at that. She was surprised and chagrined grandest thing of all, the truest hapWith what eagerness he must hear to find her mother and Kathie still piness. It was indeed a lovely

those words, must escort her home. up. They told her they had stayed Christmas!

But, still the gentleman, he said, up to trim the tree. But Lois knew And maybe, maybe, Jerry would

"Not this soon? I thought we were they had stayed up to hear her tell call after all!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

The Outlaw fromusing underher bodyher neckas aas stopshe ran,for thusany hisPoseythreein theconfederates,midnight towarnedcome, apbv of Navajo Mountain bullet wellaimed. His left hip, silpeared up the valley, and threaten-

(Continued from page 745) houetted in the saddle against the ed by their position to get the horses sky, was the point the Blacks shot of the posse in the bottom of th afoot on that west side where, at instead of at the mare. valley unless a delegation hurried

though there was much smooth, And that lifecharm of his was to the foot of the hill to head them dangerous rock, Posey thought his suspended, at least for a very brief ofl.

invincible black mare could outrun interval, as he rode up that hill, for Leaving Bill Young to guard the them to the top and race along above two of the shots from the south side top of the reef, and to head Posey them in safety. of the gulch struck his hip, one of if he tried to return, the two Black

them inflicting only a flesh wound, brothers started for the bottom, but 1 HE west side is gutted the other cutting more deeply and Dave went more slowly along the with hundreds of little boxcanyons grazing, though not breaking the little gulch looking for Posey in and when Posey started to run up bone. the rocks beyond, while Morley hurthe slope, behold one of these canWith no possibility of reaching ried down only to find himself in

yons ran between him and Black's the top in safety, he turned away to the fight alone. Jack Fly fired at

men. Dave Black himself and his the north, concealing himself among him four times from under cover,

brother Morley ran up along the the trees along the rim. It was a but in spite of the close range and

south side of the little gulch shootlong way to the trail next above his crack marksmanship, he missed ing at Posey while he hurried up there, but his only show was to go every time. Surely there was bad

the north side returning the fire as that way and come back down the medicine somewhere; Jack had never

he rode. The gulch turned out to Comb to the trail below and then done such slovenly shooting before.

be so irregular and crooked, with back up along the knifeedge to the That white man had a charmed life.

little tributaries too abrupt for a eagle's nest. By that upper trail he But the shooting brought Dave

horse, that the men afoot had a big lay waiting a long time in torture, Black on to the scene at this stage advantage. The skinem-all mare, hoping and praying some of the of the game, and he left no doubt

panting and wheezing for breath, posse would follow and give him a in Jack's mind that both Morley fell farther behind as the race prochance to even the score. He hugand himself had charmed lives. Dave

ceeded. ged that ambush till late in the afhad crept up where he could see

In this race, the general was not ternoon, but no one came. Jack getting ready to fire the fifth

sitting erect in the saddle as an acNone of Black's men had time to shot, and Jim Mike was climbing commodating target, but he hung follow Posey, for he had no more up the bank to try his luck. Dave

low on the mare's right side, firing than disappeared when Jack Fly and (Continued on page 784)

A OUICKER START

for Pleasant Motoring OU need both—an instantfiring gasoline and a

fasterflowing motor oil—to get quick starts in

cold weather.

Pep 88 gasoline is climatecontrolled to start like a flash regardless of temperature.

Its teammate, Vico motor oil, flows faster to enable your engine to whirl easily at the first touch of the starter.

Drive in where you see the familiar Pep 88Vico sign.

STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

The Outlaw he hid behind a thick cedar and chinajo, son em a chingajol"he manwaited. aged to say with sinking emphasis,

of Navajo Mountain The two boys, making a cutoff and fell in a writhing heap on the (Continued from page 783) over a bend in the little wash, rode sand.

shot Jack's hat off his head barely straight for Bill's cedar, intending Dutchietoats whirled his horse missing the skull, and filling Jack's to pass one on each side of it. They and whipped in desperation to get

eyes full of gravel and dust. Mike carried their guns ready to shoot out of sight. Bill held a fine bead

got up in sight just in time for both their man on first sight, though they on his back and had ample time to brothers to take a shot at him and supposed he had gone on down the bore him through, but he had no they made two holes through his wash. appetite to shoot again. That other

blankets, grazing the skin under his Bill knew the supreme moment fellow falling dead in a fit was a arm. had come for him or for the Indians, sight Bill had no wish to see reThat looked so much like bad possibly for one of them and then peated.

medicine that the four Indians for him. No time now to juggle Pahneab's pony stopped short

jumped headlong back into the with fine distinctions and fussy senand waited faithfully for his master wash, mounted their cayuses, and timents. When in their breakneck to rise, while Dutchietoats called

rode for dear life. They left Jack's charge they had approached within loudly from beyond the hill, unwillhat and Mike's blanket and followthirty feet, Bill fired at the button ing to decide he was never to get

ed the devious course of the wash, on Pahneab's shirtfront, reloading an answer. Later in the day some

afraid to show their heads above in the fewest possible number of of the posse took Pahneab's hat as the bank nearer than a mile. seconds to be ready for what the a trophy of the day's accomplishWhen they felt dead sure they other fellow might try to do. ments, and still later the PahUtes

had gone beyond range of Black's Pahneab drew up in a convulsed came and got the boy's gun, his gun, they found a way out the east knot and gave a terrible yell, "Quien horse, and other valuables, leaving side of that wash and climbed the his body to puff up there in the rim of Black Mesa hunting a safety VIRGINIA BRUCE heat. After the fight some of the

zone. They never came back. They PRAISES KANAB posse dug a hole by it, pushed it in,represented everything Posey had it covered and over. article Tn the "Hollywood Comesgained his ride, by night and they fight till fitfully in The went on to Zion"published in the Octobercontributed nothing to his cause. the afternoon, sides both shooting issue of The Improvement there Era roar of The Jack's big gun and from under to cover purpoor and appeared or one two statementsthe answering voice of the other pose. fell Indian ponies Three to which of the some citizens ofguns spread excitement in the eagle's fire, under of one crumpling them Kanab have invited our attention,nest where Pahneab champed the his under master as for dashed he among them one with reference tobits all cursed and advice to stay cover. the frequency of newspapers inin camp. and Dutchietoats, his He in Late the afternoon Black's men Kanab. Lion's The Kanab reClubfellow defendant, off in dashed confiring, quit strange, a and portendminds us that daily newspapers alltempt of restraint. figured They silence ing prevailed. people The reach at the Kanab rate of than more clearingon a for the way general in it eagle's the nest took to for one mean six every this of community'sto back come along the reef to camp. they to off about were be hemmed twelve hundred inhabitants; that and BillSeeing there Young alone they with to escape but no plunge over is Kanab notably a good "movie"fired him. on started and to run him cliff the into the Comb. town; that, and being in the heartdown. fled in panic. a They Running of Southern Utah's scenic wonderthe along for madly rim the lower land and the on line main of travel JDill had already begun trail left they everything, simply to the its Grand Canyon, citizens seeto dodge from cover to cover to get springing their to saddles going and perhaps more of motion picture starsto the men find below and out what the on keen jump. than people many live in larger whothe bombarding meant, and when posse, holding The a council of centers.

he became that aware the Intwo of nothing knew what In was appreciation of her in war, staydians were shooting his and way happening above them, they and Kanab, Virginia Bruce, playing opthen coming the on run towards decided to for equip home, go the posite Clark in Gable "Cimarron"him, he ran to on a point where job, early, return and to prepared on the Lux Radio Theatre, September 27, 1937, had the following to fight it out to a finish.

say to a nationwide Columbia netThey took with them Jack's hat work audience, in response to a and the hat from the dead Pahneab.

Christmas question from Cecil B. DeMille: This latter hat was tied on one of

\ DeMille: "We're back in Hollywood now, the saddles when the posse rode

ready to hear from to Clark the up guards the baseGable around and Cards... Virginia Bruce. in Here i Hollywood, of the ment rooms school house,

Clark has been attending the Pacific1937 FOR t the Indian where prisoners stared Southwest Tennis Tournament every day

Are now ready for your inspection # while Miss Bruce has just returned from out through the windows.

Let Us Solve Your Christmas Card m a town in Utah named Kanab. I doubt Joe Bishop recognized that hat at

if people many outside of Problem have Utah first glance. to waiting Without

ever of heard Kanab, tell so suppose you Distinctive Cards &|A hear what had he guessed happened us, Virginia, brought what there."you Reasonable Prices m that killed, his son had been and Bruce: location, went on "We to Order early insure satisfaction A Virginia for DeMille, Mr. bitter he uttered like a long "Bad of cry Brim- a Man

stone."one of heard have may No child, brokenhearted sobbing in the Salt Lake Co. it's Stamp S Kanab, but the of one nicest places grief of bitter abandon seldom heard West Broadway 3097 Wasotch I've ever miles B hundred from seen—one City, Lake Utahm Solt43 W from a man. a railroad right and near Zion National

Park."{To be Continued)

78A Support the Advertisers Who Support Your Magazine.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

Toys Through The Ages {Continued from page 764) Is your association fully supplied with the necessary of Socrates'pupils once found him"playing at horse"with his children. CIJIDES, MANUALS and RECOUDS

An interesting custom existed in I. A.Greece and Rome in connection with FOR THE N(.

the playthings of children. When The most successful associations see that both officers and members have

the dollplaying days of the girls the "Tools"necessary for efficient work.

for for Activity Committees Executives I. A. Guide and Community their dolls M. carried over theywere

$.40 193738 there consecratedto the temple and to organization, This is and other program procedure, a guide

them either to the goddess Venus executive problems.

or Diana. In a similar manner the Adult DepartmentThe completeManualprogram, including the lessons on "Science, Tradi-.40

boys dedicated their toys to Mer- B.tionSperry.and the Book of Mormon,"by Josiah E. Hickman and Sidney

cury. Senior Department Manual 40

The complete program, including the study course, "The High 'T'he ball has been a favorite playRoadothers.is Progress"(a symposium), by Dr. Carl F. Eyring and

times. 50 thing ancient very from Men Manual M

outlines the complete program. which handbook Men A MIt is balls that estimated some now the in Explorer Including the Trail No. 7...50 L. D. S. Church, Scouting Log of

in the British Museum date back The organization, plans and procedure for conducting Scout and in the M. I. A. years. Egypt, from Records4000 40 Opportunities Manual—Youth'sExplorer troops thatGreece, show and Rome Youthl.40 playJunior Landings, GleanerManual—Happy

ing with balls was not confined to BeeKeeper's Handbook 60 children but was indulged in by BeeHive Girls'Handbook 25 1.75 Record Books M. W. It is interesting as well. to Y. M. and Y.adults cloth. in This is the standard For bound two

Associations. record Improvement years—durablyL forA. Rollall Mutualand book that footballnote also was played

Record Book in compilingin Japan as early as 642 A. D. and M Men RollRequiredand records for Master M Man qualifications 75

it became a popular game in the and other activities.

Japanese court as shown by some of M. L A. BookThis ofyearPlays an outstanding selection of plays is offered to the field 2.50their pictures. We are told that six oneact and two threeact plays.

"The Mikado and his court, during Individual Copies of the One and ThreeAct Plays a time of extreme poverty, added to OneAct (In order to protect our blanket20 royaltyThreeActprivilege, it is important 40 their income by giving lessons in the thatby eachat leastwardonebeforecopy individualof the regularcopiesbookare ofordered.)plays be purchased

art of football."Assembly Programs—- 05

During the trying times of the Music, Drama, Dancing, Travel,—in separate form

Middle Ages many children's playthings were destroyed when castles Send orders for Young Men's and joint publications to the Y. M. M. L A.,

were burned by enemies. However, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Utah

a few clay dolls, horses and knights Send orders for Young Women's and joint publications to the Y. W. M. I. A.,

have been found in some of the old 40 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah towns of Germany and France, and still others were discovered in the ruins of a castle in the Rhone Mountains. The period of these particular

toys can be definitely determined by the date 1270 when the castle wasdestroyed. 7c4aHt

The first tin soldier was unearthed aut when the River Seine was being dredged. This armored knight stood

on a solid foundation, as do the toys of this kind today.

By the sixteenth century toys began to show finer workmanship and gg CONOCO GERMgreater variety. They were madeas more or less of a side issue by PROCESSED OILthe craftsmen of different trades, #

for the toy factory, as we have it at time. thattoday, was unknown OILPLATES YOUR ENGINE

that this period a planIt was during for marketing toys began, which by the eighteenth century had become a wellorganized system. A middlewr w)Eoooos "Ti

call- "publisher"or asman, he was THIWja(W OFFEH... WE CUSSmSBUSWOiUSTS.R.L.Polk&Co. indiwork of the overed, took the COMPLETE A Publishers * Directory DIRECTORY TMAN SERVICE it tovidual that ENGRAVING craftsmen and saw portraits to the largest i Missionary From Estoblished ia Utah ION all totalthe of sent production catalogues. 1890 was EARTH J

Attention. Orders Given Prompt suitableto markets. District Office CO. ENGRAVING MailUTAH production The Block—Salt Lake City St. of wooden toys 113 Salt City, Regent Lake Utah 405 Doo ly

[Concluded on page 787) Support the Advertisers Who Help Support Your Magazine. 785

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

THE CHURCH SECURITY PROGRAMITS PRESENT AND FUTURE {Continued page from to capital converting the outside pos739J again follow T-Tere the must weCommittee. EmployThe Ward sibilities exist the within which comcourse of obstacles overcoming concern not Committee needment part, munity. the For most comrather the than take of course easyitself seriously so with those who munities should can be be and made will going them. around one No incapacitatedare cannot work, and selfsustaining. independent and it is that for easier a to deny bishop receive assistanceand must from for natural reaother or any Where, fast take offerings of out the funds surpluses, contributions, ourour is this son, impossible, the then this with to of which support men fast offerings, reour because,and of surplus to movement manpower type, rather to than to time the take all else, theirgardless of are needs localities seriously other be must find the of kind desired, employment specialthe Relief of concern the is to considered. caution Great be initiate to or projects Church bySociety the bishop. and The latter this exercised before step this will is which be employment madecharges of the Employment Ward taken. presiding over such Those available.

Committee can be divided into two other localities should be first conmajor groups: first, to obtain emverted to the necessity of solving As a people we should not find it

ployment for those already able to the greater problem of taking care necessary to buy much, if anything, utilize their ability; second, to imof people moving from less fortunate to place in our storehouses to assist

prove the talents of those who need communities. To succeed, the the group dependent upon us. A

further experience, instruction, and greatest of cooperation must exist visit to any of our stake or regional training in order better to secure between all of the membership of storehouses is sufficient to convince their position in our social structhe Church, and especially between us that many articles are now found ture. To accomplish these purposes those who hold presiding positions. upon the shelves of these storefully we must tax our resourcefulHarmony in this respect is as essenhouses and are being distributed

ness and ingenuity to the limit. tial as in the working of the Ward daily to our needy which have been

The First Aim Employment Committee itself. No purchased through commercial

Tn general, the first aim must be bishop or stake president can fail channels, when to have had them accomplished by close contact to cooperate with another, any more prepared by ourselves would have with present, established industries, than a bishop in a ward can afford furnished the needed opportunity businesses, and other activities in the not to cooperate with his Relief Sofor labor in our various communcommunity which call for manciety president and with each of the ities. We should begin at once to

power. Next, consideration must be presidents of quorums constituting consider the stake or regional storegiven to the creation of new indushis Employment Committee. Nor is house as the source of all our suptries, inducing, so far as possible, it fair for one bishop or stake presplies for our needy. In this way

local cooperative effort, as well as ident to advise people to move to alone can we utilize our organizaanother locality without first obtion to its fullest extent and provide taining the approval and consent of the maximum amount of employssssssssssssss the bishop of the other ward, any ment for all our people. This is

more than it would be for the bishop truly a cooperative movement. The

of the other ward to refuse to assist cooperation is brought about by each Cyour the incoming member when the reunit of our organization functioning its in true to sphere, reference with his possiof the sources ward or HAIR? all units. other alone can the Thus it bilities in the of which community

is located would justify his so doing. full purpose of its creation be experienced.

Finally, in the solution of this first aim, we must make out of each 'M'o greater responsibility confronts temporal Church activity, so far as the solution of us than our secproject. possible, must a work We OIL HAIR Primarily, aim. the opportunond fullest extent to those the employ IT! SAVE CAN in ity for training education and otherwise be dependent would If Scalp are who Dandrufl, Dryness, STARVED

threatening hair spot public your a thin school suggests system... charity. older members our Our L.B. upon get delay,if has appeared itself; secondly, the establishment first at. all. Stores, receive consideration. Dept.. Drugdon't should OBTAINABLE and

Barber and Beauty Shops. This is especially true when they are of local opportunities for apprenticeunable to compete on account of age ship for our people who are not skillalone with younger men in their ed as artisans in any particular

chosen fields of labor. Generally, trade, or have no profession. Here,

these men are skilled and do splenagain, opportunities in present, existdid work but are not able to do as ing businesses, industries, and activfeaturing the smartest lines much work as a younger man. In ities within the locality could be

available. Outstanding, beaucompetitive business these men are made, through our united effort, to 1000 styles from tiful. Over

which to select. left by the wayside. It is our purabsorb large numbers of our young

CHRISTMAS CARDS that are pose to pick them up and to conpeople, and afford them apprenticedistinctive and personally imtinue them along a path of activity ship in various skilled, technical printed. Priced $1.00 and usefulness by which they can lines. Then, too, elderly men who 50 ior

25 for $1.79 continue to maintain themselves and are especially skilled and have some

25 for $1.95 their lifelong spirit of independence. adaptability for teaching, should be

(And up to $50.00 per 100) Where differences exist in the called into the service to gather

amount of work accomplished, wage around them a group of young men, PEMBROKE24 East Broadway—Salt Lake City scales furnish a ready means for including returned missionaries,

equitable adjustment. who desire such training. All such

786 "The Improvement Era"Selects its Advertisers for Reliability.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

The Church Security ducted from the place of plenty to Toys Through The Ages

Program ofthe theplacehumblestof need,individualand the issecurityguar- {Concluded from page 785) should pursue this instruction until anteed by the combined efforts they have fitted themselves for comof all. came to the fore in the eighteenth

petitive work in the channels of Before we finally succeed, each century, at which time Nuremberg commerce. Such advances as may individual must have played his became the center through which

be made to these young men, either own part. There can be no substithey were distributed. In the befrom our storehouses or otherwise, tutions. No individual in the orginning these toys were made in the

will be gladly returned by them ganization can afford to get out of homes of peasants, who carved them when they have completed their apstep or lag behind, or, through lack during the long winter evenings, prenticeship and have been placed of faith or determination, hinder the when they would have been idle upon a firm, earning basis. Suffiwork of the Priesthood, and this otherwise. Later on, however, this

cient, indeed, might well be returnmust be so in either temporal or work carried through the whole ed to compensate the teachers adejpiritual matters. Our Church is year and the entire families often

quately. founded upon the premise that spirengaged in the business of toy makEvery Church building or other itual growth and exaltation must be ing. The first wooden toys of this

project entered into by the Church earned by the efforts of the individperiod were made in Oberammergau.

calling for skilled labor should proual, and cannot result from the vide employment for a reasonable efforts of those who preside over It was during this period that toys number of young men as apprentices, us. Can we, then, expect that the of glass, paper mache, and other magetting their experience and traincontrary will be true in temporal terials began to appear, while clay

ing and, at the same time, earning matters, or that the work of the toys vvrere still common everywhere.

a small but appropriate wage for General Authorities and the GenToy catalogs now came into existthe service rendered. eral and Regional Committees alone ence also. In the nineteenth century

Men still active in their various will be productive of the results we catalogs of wooden toys still stood professions might well be induced, desire? The lack of faith of many first, but mechanical toys showed an

outside of working hours or on days would be justified were we to expect increasing popularity. Patents for

when not otherwise engaged, to give from the General Authorities of the a mechanical horse were applied for instruction to younger men seeking Church any assistance other than in 1822, and shortly afterward came apprenticeships and further training. to correlate the work of the various a horse mounted on wheels, which

This might be considered a donation units, to advise, counsel, encourage could be guided by mechanical on the same footing as a cash donaand give assistance in cases where means.

tion or a donation of farm produce. the efforts of the unit indicate the Some of the toys of the early InAfter all, these suggestions from necessity therefor. dians are also worthy of mention.

the General Authorities or from the Each member of the Church must Tops of many sizes and shapes have

General Committee must be general interest himself personally in the been found and the buzzer was anin nature, thus emphasizing again accomplishment of our purposes. other common plaything of "primthe importance and necessity of each We must call into action every unit itive America."There is evidence,

Ward Employment Committee's exof our organization, many of which too, that with both the ancient ercising to the utmost its own rewe have been holding for years in Mayas and the Zuni Indians, stilts sourcefulness. reserve for the day of necessity. were included among the playthings

Today calls for action! The day of of children, and a popgun has been

JM'OR can this effort be limited to reserve is past. Today calls for discovered in Peru which evidently

the Ward Employment Comorganization! We have it. Will it made some Inca boy happy hundreds

mittee. Each head of a family, each meet today's challenge? When the of years ago.

president Society, of a Esther, maiden, Rehef each Jewish demurred to The ancestors of our present daypresident of uncle, a the request Priesthood Mordecai, of her quorum, paper well have been the dolls may lives ofeach bishop called to the king for plead the with a ward is now children cut dolls which Ojibway to carry of to security said her: her people,upon the social on Mordecai

birch bark. from Animals were his art of theprogram to Church, but each in thou knows come "Who also in the pine way, and same made sphere of activity. the this?"as a time for such kingdomor her own The

needle the toys dolls were among a unit,family, as that this the united organizathrough but knows Who children of long of the Indian ago. efforts of its tion ofwisdom to its ours has brought and been members,

seeks first to solve its own problems, present state of perfection for times It is interesting to note that while seeking assistance, when necessary, like these, when organized effort is present day toys have progressed to through the Priesthood quorum, the the only thing that will bring about a high degree of perfection the

Relief Society, and the ward. When the temporal welfare of all our fundamental interest which led to

each of these units has exhausted people? their being made has remained the

its ingenuity and resources, the reThe General Committee cannot same. Now, as always, the child

serves of the stake are utilized. Cocontrol the future of this program, loves to carry out in its play those

operative effort between stakes has nor the degree to which its purposes activities most common to the home been made possible through our reare accomplished. This rests with and the community. Because the

gional organizations. The General the individual members of our toys of different times and different

Committee finally seeks to apporChurch. With faith in God, with places reflect the customs of the peotion such surpluses as some regions faith in our own destiny, and with ple of that particular period, through

are able to accumulate, among stakes individual effort expended in plac- a study of their development much and regions less fortunate. Thus ing our magnificent organization in can be learned regarding the life

the combined work and contribuaction under the guidance of its of the race from its early stages tions of the entire Church are conleaders, nothing is impossible. down to the present time.

'The Improvement Era's"Advertisers Merit Your Patronage. 787

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DEC EMBER, 1937

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—A Model Man (Job 1:8)

SPEND THIS WINTER

A small investment of time NOW will yield rich returns throughout your life. Our short,

intensive courses will qualify you to meet the demands of modern business employers.

Gregg Shorthand

Stenotypy Typewriting Machine Calculation Bookkeeping Walton Accounting Business English Personality Development Penmanship Business Law Etc.

W. A. W. Co. NO.I

ation Yourhere—andwelfare is givenour excellentFIRST considerplant, ACROSS

modem equipment, and thoroughly 1 "Then Job answered... said"37 Speaks

competent faculty assure you every 4 "so... this man was the greatest 39 "or to hear some... thing"

opportunity TO MAKE THIS WINTER of all the men of the east"40 "Thou, even thou, art to be..."

COUNTI 7 "There was a... in the land 41 "Doth Job fear... for nought?"

of Uz"42 Masculine name for The demand young men is particuIt the 10 be may King James one of Bani Son 43 Ezra 10:34 larly strong now.

Brother 12 of Moses 45 From 13 "And there... a day"47 "put forth thine hand now,...

L D. S. BUSINESS 1614 Distinctive"Mark the.doctrine,. man"48 Avoidedtouch all that he hath"

COLLEGE 1817 HawkeyeIn brief, thatStateis 51 "andside thereon the wereplace...of theon seat"either

19 Copper lava Hawaiian 53 70 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah 21 "... the Lord said unto Satan"Indian millet; 54 arid (anag.)

23 "and behold the..."55 Balaam had a talking one

City east of Bethel; animal I for looked 56 good, "When Please send about 26 me full information

of 28 Measure Egypt then.. unto. came me"S. Business College. L. D. the

Elder 30 Formerly 57 31 "... I only am escaped"

Name: 33 "they rent every... his mantle"Our Text from Job is 1, 4, 7, 13, 14,

Address: 35 "it may be... my sons have 21, 23, 31, 33, 35, 40, 41, 47, 48,

sinned"and 56 combined

Solution to November Puzzle DOWN

T H E Y C L A P"P E D 21 King"good James... fromBible a far country"2524 SpanishIssue (Scotsweight;Law)organ (anag.)

( -R A R s R ". is A. this 3 of. L The book all Job this 27 sinned not, nor Job 4 Half time note charged foolishly""R God A A c T T S T B O T

... 5 "and mine hath he I live, removed saith "As the 29 Lord, every 1 R H T E N H S A D like a tree"... shall to bow me"

1 Suffix in 6 used V E R chemistry N D E C E D R 32 Chaperons 7 feminine Modern name earth 34 (Dial. The Eng.) 1 <k R E s E E P R M

in God's 8 the is cloud""bow one machines 36 Hay 1 V N A N s A B > Nick 9? s Late 3g

11 /\ Sunday s School E O X E N K Exploits N 4o V >< 12 they lifted "And their when up unfit 41 to Bird eat 14: Deut. 13 A -R s N A E B E Y

eyes off"."..... Ithiel "unto 43 and Prov. 30: 1 E N S 1 G 15 A in "Put E the ye V sickle, D for the harExpression 44 of inquiry."

.. is 1 |\i vest 1 "R E V V A A Revise S 46 manuscript E T

Father 16 of Esau and Jacob 49 Monkey C E E A T A G u E N Idiocy 17 (rare) 50 "the day of battle and..."D T H E 1 N G K 20 American Indian E J 51 Continent NO. 10 Public Notary 22 52 point Compass

788 These Advertisers Help Support Your Magazine.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

THE MISSION IN NEW ENGLAND Mufual Messages {Concluded from page 752) {Concluded from page 778)

SWARM MEETINGS Church leaders have long looked Dr. Eyring, former Dean of the A LTHOUGH it is Optional whether or

forward to the time when they could College of Arts and Sciences at the not BeeHive Girls remain for the more effectively "bring 'Mormonism* Brigham Young University, was assembly programs, we feel they should back to its birthplace."Owing to chosen as the pioneer president of go directly to their class rooms as do

an increased membership in and the Mission, and the members and theinterestingsBoy Scouts,thingsas totheydo.have so many

around Boston, and also due to the missionaries of the New England In some wards, the period for Asvery nature and history of the New Mission feel that they are indeed sembly Programs, is used by BeeHive

England States, the need has been fortunate in having a man with the Swarms to practice their BeeHive seen for the organization which has many fine qualities which he exsongs and dance the BeeHive folk so recently become a reality. This hibits on every hand to direct the dances.

new mission unit makes it possible work. His vast experience as an It is suggested that all BeeHive

for a greater concentration of miseducator, scholar, and Church workGirls choose and chart their structural sionaries in this region where many er has adequately fitted him for his cells at the beginning of the fall season.

least chosen must from each be two for At their well speaks through reached position, and innewmay be field. Girl keeps BeeHive The a copy his integrity. ably asinterest be the part played by their He will for herself gives to her and Beeone

states in the organization of the sisted in his work by his wife. Sister Keeper. Keeping this chart ever before

Church one hundred and seven Fern Chipman Eyring, who will diher will aid her in completing her rank years ago. Members of the Church rect the affairs of the Women's Rewithout the last minute rush. Even

have always revered the land in lief Society organizations in this new though she may wish to change some

Vermont and the "Green Mounfield. of the cells later on, the chart will assist

tains"from whence came many of her greatly in systematically completing the early leaders of the Church inThe New England Mission was her rank; twentyseven Structural Cells

cluding their prophets Joseph Smith formed by taking the states of Conin all.

and Brigham Young; and Latterday necticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode

Saints have always revered, too, the Island from the already large Eastern States Mission, and the states... I ofhistory and traditions New Eng- c of Vermont, New Hampshire, I. A. and U FOR$ M. the cradled have beenland, wherein

most cherished ideals of a land conMaine from the Canadian Mission. AND

ceived in liberty. Territorially, the mission also inALL OTHER OCCASIONS

cludes Nova Scotia and New BrunsBeesley Music Co.

fortyfive missionwick. force of A 61 SOUTH MAIN STREET"pARLY in the month of September, in aries is already opening engaged

Dr. John A. Widtsoe of the new sections for missionary activity,

Council of the Twelve went to Camand that force is constantly being bridge, where he had previously augmented by new missionaries arhis collegespent days at Harvard, riving Already, from the West. ENJOY IT AGAIN! to give supervision personal to the friends have been made many new

work of organization. Thousands for the Church through the medium In Snapshots... Let

of Greater Boston's residents were of increased radio activity, newsUs Make the Prints informed of Dr. Widtsoe's proceedpaper work, and door to door conings by means of the Boston press. versations. Kodak snapshots enable you to

All of the prominent city newspapers enjoy today's good times again years from tomortomorrow—and this reporters to coverhad on hand officers assisting The mission row. Have along, vour Kodak with interest, event of unusual and twoPresident Eyring, all former Eastern plenty Verichrome of Kodak Film,

column stories with huge captions States missionaries, are as follows: on all your weekend and vacaappeared almost nightly on the front Loile J. Bailey, Mission Secretary tion trips.

pages. Even since the organization and Priesthood Supervisor; Reed B.

proper, reporters frequented have Berrett, of Supervisor Sunday WE'RE HERE TO SERVE YOU office, inthe President's numerous Schools and Mission M. I. A., and

quiries have been received by mail, Publicity Director; Violet Gates,

and other interested people have Secretary of Relief Societies and—with complete stocks of the

called personally Kodalra of Film Kodak to inquire of the Y. Superlatest and Primary M. I. A., W. the... size type.. and. you need ofprogram the Church. visor; Francis Davis, Corresponding careful prompt, finishing. photo

Secretary and Recorder. You'll like especially the way we Dr. Widtsoe's tour of organizahandle your developing, printing,

tion took him, accompanied by his It is the hope of those who are at and enlarging.

wife, Leah D. Widtsoe, from Salt present responsible for the conduct

City, 21, Lake 1937, August of and the Mission England New that EASTAAAN in five included, to weeks, the a visit will carry on the important work we

Eastern States Mission, dedication of teaching the Gospel of Jesus of the Bureau of Information at Hill Christ to the people of New EngCumorah, and a revisiting of New land in the same effective manner scenes pertinent to the lives England characterized that the has work of leaders. in STORES INC. to early Church Return missions other of it all out and that

Salt Lake City from this organizawill come the realization that the 155 South Main Street tion tour occurred September 27, Church has been established firmly SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 1937. in the land of its early leaders.

'The Improvement Era"Believes in its Advertisers—Patronize Them. 789

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

CAREERS OF SERVICE TO YOUNG WOMANHOOD (Concluded [rom page 743) and her accomplishments farreach- City, Utah, October 22, 1880, unWherever Sister Fox continues to ing. der the everlasting covenant, she is

work, and work we know she will, Like Sister Fox, she too has a long a daughter of Heber J. Grant, presshe will carry a youthful, helpful record of service in the Church, parident of the Church of Jesus Christ

spirit which will bear its fruit in the ticularly with the Mutual. At the of Latterday Saints, and Lucy

lives of those whom she touches. age of seventeen she became the Stringham. Both in her own right

president of the ward Y. L. M. I. A., and by heritage, she is entitled to

T ucY Grant Cannon and Clarissa and later stake secretary and stake the rich blessings with which she is

A. Beesley, first and second president in the Mutual. During bestowed.

counselors of President Fox, were 1910191 1 she filled a mission to the Faith has ever been the fundareleased automatically the genfrom States. Central she returned When characteristic mental of Lucy G. eral presidency they have in where called to she 1913 the General was earliest Cannon. childhood, From

service. Sister invaluable given both I. of Board the Y. A. where L. M. the Lord has manifested himself in

for Beesley has served twentyfive she served secretary as general from behalf. her she was about When abilities years. are wellknown Her In April, 1914 to 1929. 1929, she twelve years of age, her mother became the second counselor to died. When her father told Lucy that her

Ruth May Fox, which position she mother was dying, Lucy could not has held until the reorganization. believe him. She hurried from the

In addition to her duties as secreroom and returned with a bottle of tary and counselor, she has served consecrated oil with which she imas associate editor of the Young plored him to bless her mother. He

Woman's Journal from 1914 to blessed his wife, dedicating her to 1923, and as editor from 1923 to the Lord. As the children left the

1929. room, he fell on his knees and prayed

Her extensive travels in behalf of that his wife's death might not affect the Gospel have carried her into all the faith of their children in the parts of the United States and into ordinances of the Gospel. "Lutie"

Europe during this past summer. herself ran from the house feeling

ITH THE release of the general very bad as she expresses in the following words: presidency release the of came W

felt stunned I was and shocked and my all board of members, many whom father sufficient faith not had to heal her. long served valiantly and in I the behind went house knelt and down 'end a have furthering the cause of the Church for the and restoration prayed of mothmy

through the Y. W. M. I. A. These er. Instantly a voice, not an audible one,

are Ann M. Cannon who has served beingthe willsaid,of "Inthe Lordthe deathwill ofbe yourdone."motherImfriendly board members in point of service but one that seemed to speak to my whole fortysix years; Rosetta W. Bennett, mediately I was a changed child. I felt

fortyone years; Augusta W. Grant, reconciled and almost happy.

thirtyeight; thirEmily C. Adams, after the Soon death of Lucy tythree; Clarissa Beesley, A. twenOreeting Stringham Grant, President Grant tyfive; Sarah R, Cannon, twentytook her to the daughters east that To your five; missionary Charlotte Stewart, twentythey better might forget their great three; Rachel Taylor, G. twentyabroad. sorrow. again the Once of power five; Emily Higgs, H. twentyone; the in Lord manifest was Lucy's beIt is to early too not make Martha Smith, nineteen; G. Cathhalf. President From Grant's own arine Folsom, seventeen; Agnes selection your of CHRIST- S. writing take the following we exKnowlton, sixteen; Margaret N.

: cerpt GREETING MAS CARDS sixteen; Wells, P. Laura Nicholson,

for that friend or relative sixteen; Evangeline T. Beesley, fifLutieAt Washingtonwere taken mydowndaughterswith diphtheriaRay and

sick nigh death. unto Lutie was

her pulse beat twenty-, only who is laboring in a teen;Katie C.GraceJensen,C. thirteen;Neslen, Ethelthirteen;S. soandsickwerethat

eight times minute. to a kneel-,... I was strange land amid strange eleven; Anderson, S. Baxter, Juha

supplicating the to life, spare Lord her eleven; ten; Vida F. Clawson, peoples. Marie ingpleading with to not him allow the addi-

C. Thomas, ten; Elsie H. Van Noy, tional sorrow to come to me of one of my

children dying while I Beeley, seven; was from away Erma J.

I bitter was shedding tears, when Write or come in today. ten;Roland,Glennfive; five; home. Bertha K, Tingey,

Helen S. Williams, five; Hazel outthe inspirationfor PresidentcameGeorgethat ifQ. I Cannonwould sendand

Brockbank, three; Ileen Ann Waspe, Bishop Hiram B. Clawson, who were then

hood, they could the rebuke disease, and T.'P]f Deseret two;LucilleMarba C. Josephson, two; in Washington, that they held the PriestBuehner, one; Aurelia

that daughter live. I would my thanked Bennion, one; Polly R. one; Hardy, for this the Lord manifestation and shed

Freda Jensen, one; Grace N. Stewtears of gratitude that my daughter's life Press spared. to be was President in CannonJMews art, one. "Lutie"stated that the adversary Street 29 Richards T UCY decreed Grant Cannon has been apblessinghad her death and public made

Salt Lake City, Utah pointed general president of the announcement of this decree. I subselearned that quendy the lady the was who Young to Women's Mutual succeed proprietor of the boarding house a was Ruth Fox. Born in Salt May Lake spiritualist that and she visited had her

790 When You Purchase Goods or Services Advertised Here Kindly Mention "The Improvement Era.'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1937

first active since entered she been in leader Society Gleaner and Relief Careers of Service To has at L. field studentactor theological the as a D. S. the as well as being

I. A. presidency. Young Womanhood University and later at the Univerin the Y. W. M.

sity also toured in of Utah. with Mrs. She the Relief Goddard's work

to tell her her asked what and was medium players Society the Moroni callculminated Olson and acted in a pageant in her going to home. happen medium The

told of the sickness of two little girls, that with the Little Theatre movement ed the Gospel Dispensation. In the

the older of the two had been nigh unto under Professor Maud May BabMutual, she wrote and directed the told recover. She death but would how cock. shows a writer, road Mrs. Williams As for sevfor the Mutual

girl little the get she worse second saw acclaim, eral years, her acbeginning preparations for has won which die. finally described worse and and She

taking the body out of the house, and the tivity first at the University of Utah had been carefully made because of coffin being put upon the railroad train, as associate editor of The Chronicle. her having taken vocal and piano

and the train going hundreds and hundreds In the past few years, she has done lessons and having served in the the west, then of miles toward and she considerable writing as Harriet Granite Stake Dramatic Team which the train high described going over mountains and then stopping in a valley and the Page, both for The Deseret News produced worthwhile plays.

off train coffin then the and radio. being taken for the these and During Although during the past two

hillside to burial the taken a on ground also years she considerable has done years, she has served as president of it into grave. she a lowered where saw writing for the manuals. Mutual the Liberty Stake A., Y. his the in M. I. President prayer rebuked Cannon W.

destroyer and announced that "Lutie"As an executive, Mrs. Williams she has also acted as leader of the

would live to be a mother. also began early to demonstrate her Women's Division in the Sunday

powers of leadership. While a stuSchool and been chairman of the This last promise has been fulat University dent the of she Utah, Girls'Brighton which has Home, filled times, for seven Lucy Can- G. elected vicepresident of was the been notably successful her under five children, seven has bornenon Associated for Students years two direction. girls boys. two and

affiliated the with and Chi was all During her of years wifehood capabilities strangely enough Her Fraternity. Social Omega and motherhood, Mrs. has Goddard parallel of predecessor. her those In work, Williams Mrs. Church actively been in interested the ParSister active her Like she began Fox a as served teacher School Sunday entTeacher Association, in both the in service teacher as the Church five for years, as hterary leader of district in school the high and school, School, then as organSunday and for Relief years, the Society and two until recently and to belonged the ist, secretary, in counselor the and the Ensign Stake on Primary Board Singing Mothers'Chorus. the Association. ofPrimary At age for three years. for also served She

eighteen, she was made the presione year as ward Gleaner leader and With the naming of the two coundent of a ward Y. L. M. I. A and for two years on the Ensign Stake selors, came the appointment of

present time to the has shefrom that of the Board I. A. M. Y. W.

the out of only three Mutualbeen On secretaryClarissa ofA. theBeesleyY. W. asM, executiveI, A. the Board, of General she has which

years. been a member since 1931, Mrs.

In 1901, she filled a mission to the Williams has constantly demon- j.W. *'-'*-vJ tJOL> *JJL jjlj vflO JOL *J9j

Western States, being the first regstrated her ability by her capable ular unmarried woman missionary to handling of the Gleaner department go. In 1917, she was called to the and her contributions to the ComGeneral Board and has since acted munity Activity and the M Men QHOeOLTlTBS

as counselor to two presidents, Committees.

Martha Tingey and Ruth May Fox. Mrs. Goddard, the second counPerfect for the

Readers of The Improvement Era selor to Mrs. Cannon, was born in Holidays

have received a personal introducSalt Lake City, November 24, 1889. Only the very best materials

tion to the delightful qualities of to Kindness Badger and Joseph A, and most modern methods

Sister Cannon through her series, Wright. On December 4, 1912, she used.

"The Log of a European Tour."was married in the Salt Lake TemsistingAvoid onDisappointmentGLADE'S. by inThe simplicity, the freshness, the ple to J. Percy Goddard, whom she

absolute faith displayed in her writhad met while they were both laborGLADE CANDY CO.

Salt City, Lake Utah indicative living. areings of her missionaries ing as on Temple

*Tfir* Tfir 'Tflp "tjt* 'tqt* ifir*'aid the in carrying forward Mission, the 't'Cc* <Tflr "Tfir* Square She became To work for the young women of the mother of four children,

Church, Lucy Grant Cannon has Mrs. Goddard, like Mrs. Cannon

selected for her counselors has Mrs. Williams, two emiand had long

qualifiednently service. experience Helen women: in Church She BE INDEPENDENT

Spencer Williams as first counselor began her activities at fourteen years No Other Vocation So Profitable and Verna Wright Goddard as secof age as a Sunday School teacher ENROLL NOW ond counselor. in the Primary Department and as For a Complete Course at the

Mrs. Williams was born Novemchorister; she became ward choir

ber 29, 1896, a daughter of Clarissa leader and won a silver cup for Qojsh School of Beauty Culture

Young and John D. Spencer, and is meritorious work; she was chosen The Best in the West

the granddaughter of President counselor in the Primary; and also 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

Brigham Young. Married May 29, a teacher in the Religion Class. All A'.. '"""N SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Information For Further in in this to activity the Salt1918, of Lake the was Mill Creek Temple '*. Call Catalog and

is s In addition finished the Williams, she she motherRex Ward. W. or 75 GO her Oj Wasatch 'fyof three the at In addition L. boys. University to being D. S. and work Fill in This

a mother, Mrs. Williams has long took training under Dr. Mary Rob- s*Qf -,, ".., "-.. "v Coupon

been prominent in Church and scholerts for nursing. In the Thirtyfirst

astic affairs. In dramatic circles, she Ward, she has seen long service as

'The Improvement Era"Advertisers Merit Your Patronage. 791

library. in his private it It has in a place reading through. now IT CORRECTLY LET'S SAY

reGrant, President he audience anticipation with In of an Alin ate. with a as speaking: in material. This informative his picture quested some and AMEN—preferably

in arm. as a sudadmirably. the purpose the served of number Era A rather

in unite: the tu, with in use; u as as the u in arrival Prague Grant's in President Mutual—mu—withways in singing, the of date den change

Ig. with he has met and knows our leader, through the pages of your al Cleanly—aswith the a asif inspelledaccount.klen, with the e as in met; unfortunately precluded this visit with Dr. Benes. However,

the y as i in it. magazine.

"Cordially your brother, A THOUSAND PER CENT! (Signed) President of Wallacethe CzechoslovakF. Toronto,"Mission.

California, Greagle, 1937. - 19, October

Dear Brethren:

ENCLOSED please find money order for $20.00 to cover ten TALE OF A TOOTH

subscriptions.

As we are scattered out over a wide area taking in five towns (!) I have asked four men to assist me in the campaign and have given each of them receipt books. So I need

about three more please.

I am positive that we can come very near one thousand percent on our quota.

Yours sincerely, Signed: E. M. Neubert.

FROM IDAHO FALLS

Idaho Falls, Idaho, October 21, 1937.

Improveof Anniversary 40th the The on time you CONGRATULATIONS what: "Doctor, (on telephone) Patient Chinese close very a been has magazine Church This Eral ment fixee fo'me?"

I field. have the mission in at and of mine home companion right?"Doc: teeth"Twothirty—all it that hope years, thirty and for subscriber continuous a been time you right, but wha'hurty tooth "Yes, Chinese: me all a to heretofore, be all as time throughout continue may fixee?"Pointer.

all of also and the Church of the for youth influence guiding the world. Yours truly, MIGHT POOL THEM

Idaho Falls Stake President, Fiance: "I haven't the courage to tell your father of my

Leonard G. Ball. debts."

Fiancee: "What cowards you men are! Father hasn't the

A MISSIONGOING FAMILY lin).courage to tell you of his debts."Nagles Lustige Welt (BerANourINTERESTINGattention seriesin connectionof circumstanceswith the hasmissionbeen presidencyinvited to CONJUGAL DEVOTION

of Elder D. A. Broadbent who recently left the presidency of

Wasatch Stake in response to a call to become president of the

North Central States Mission. The testimonial held in the

Heber Second Ward recently honored five missionaries, all

Broadbent of Emer Mary and homecoming of one family—the

and States Mission Southern just returned from the had who the departure of Brother and Sister D. A. Broadbent and

Harvey Broadbent departing for the North Central States

Mission. Brother Broadbent is the father of twelve children.

CHRISTMAS BOOKS BY LEO J. MUIR AND E. CECIL

McGAVIN

for Christmas writers, appropriate books by Church: "Peirdon, (to ahead) but members would mind you THREE Golfer late too for not late but gifts, us review too reached have if just I've that through? heard I played wife has my

first is Truths, here. Thesaurus Muir's of for mention The ill."seriously Opinion. taken Dublin been

a symposium of 5,000 choice quotations compiled by Leo. J.

Muir, President of the Los Angeles Stake. Published by the

Deseret News Press, this work of 404 pages is scheduled to PREMONITION less of 100 than smaller pages works for sell $2.50. Two will dinner like this I get if I cook Wife: "What YOUNG the Press, Boston, under the from Meador come each have year?"every day in the

S. the of L. Principal D. Cecil of E. McGavin, authorship life insurance."Vision. Hubby: Young "My

Bells are and Seminary. Christmas They Fork Spanish

Paradise Revisited. Attractively printed, bound, and jacketed,

they sell for $1.00 each. SH-H-H-H-H!

FROM CZECHOSLOVAKIA Alzina:can?""So Cordelia can keep a secret longer than Belinda

Roxana: "Yes, Cordelia stutters."Selected.

Prague, Czechoslovakia, 1, 1937. September

Republic, Dr. Edward STATISTICAL **''T'he President of the Czechoslovak

J- of Nations, the President of formerly the League Benes,

Grant's President the birthday issue, IFsingleALL theline,autos98 perin centthe worldof themwerewouldplacedleaveendthetolineendtointrya number of of has a copy and according to reliable information, has taken great pleasure to cut in on the one ahead.—M/dtfes Review.

tKSOHS

1'-|.

ii;

HAPELS of the Church of Jesus Christ fC i

of Latterday Saints are recognized throughout the world for their beauty.

Yet beauty was only one of the yt:

points which wise L. D. S. Church MF

officials had in mind when they chose

BRICK for chapel construction. They

also considered the permanence, durability and economy of BRICK as.V

-M lX. compared to other building materials. I \r-

That their judgment was sound has been proved by a recent sur- I vey of the appearance and condisffTf'K:."

tion of all chapels in this territory, which showed very little aging on

BRICK buildings, even those constructed many years ago... proof,

indeed, of the lifetime permanence and low maintenance cost of mmm''

BRICK.

.,:4i-'i INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY Hyland 630 Salt Lake City 3180 South nth East

MAYTHEIR HOPES BE REALIZED

With what throbbing expectancy children That your children may be assured of the go to bed on Christmas Evel And with what money for their education, give to each this intriguing beChristmas a Beneficial life insurance policy. It visions—of toys and books and

ribboned packages to greet their eyes next is the ideal Christmas gift, one which will grow morning. That their hopes will not meet disapin value from year to year, and one whose ultipointment is our Christmas wish. mate benefits may well extend throughout their

As they grow older, today's children will lives.

have other hopes—high hopes of qualifying

themselves, by education and work, to fill a useConsult your local Beneficial agent or write ful place in society. the home office.

iMsgRAMi#m, mMWAmw

Home OFFtcE—Benefscial Life Building. Salt Lake Crry. Utah

HEBER J. GRANT. President

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS Syphus, Director Virgil Harry Superintendent H. Smith. of Agencies Secretary Smith, Fielding Joseph Director and President I Giant,

Dr. Peirce, Earle WilliamJ, Director R. Colderwood, Treasurer Director Medical Director Orval Adams, W. VicePres. W. 1st and Jr., Hr Clark, Beubenhfit P. Boyle, D. Secretary L. Watkins, Attorney Director Assistant Ashby Eugene Stephen Chipman, Director VicePres. and 2'nd id McKay, n O Secretary Andersen, Assistant M. Director Smoot, Waldo Reed VicePres. and Director Executive Cannon, I George