Breathtaking view of Mt. Millicent

in the Wasatch Mountains

JANUARY 1957 {AMaai Wppti

GUY LOMBARDO SHOW BOB CROSBY SHOW FUNTIME EXPRESS RED SKELTON SHOW

Sundays at 9:00 p.m. Monday through Friday Monday through Friday Tuesday at 7:30 p.m.

at 1:30 p.m. at 4:00 p.m.

nraxfULoi/ KSLTV

CBS IN THE MOUNTAIN WEST

Exploring the Universe

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

HPhe development of new varieties of *- plants for farm crops takes a minimum of 10 and often 15 years of painstaking breeding research in which thousands of plants are grown and discarded. At the Utah Agricultural

Experiment Station, cooperating with the United States Department of Agriculture, 1,600 barley crosses have been made during the past 27 years, from which the fourth new variety has just been released. The previous three,

Velvon, Bonneville, and Custer, are among the first ten varieties in total amount of certified foundation seed in the United States. The new variety,

Alpine, is a winter barley selected for winterhardiness which yields more than other varieties on both dry and irrigated land.

A 15pound albacore tuna was tagged -**- 1,300 miles north of Hawaii on

October 5, 1954, by the US Fish and

Wildlife Service. It was recaptured 471

days later 2,370 miles away near Japan, grown to 40 pounds.

"JI/I'any of the earliest telescopes had *"* tubes made of vellum instead of metal. Vellum is a fine type of parchment made from the skins of calves,

lambs, or kids.

The naturalist Konrad Z. Lorenz has

*- called attention to the observation that birds raised singly by hand tend to regard human beings, and human beings only as their friends. Birds

raised during youth in isolation from others of their species may have this attachment formed for other types of birds or even animals. A white peacock

of the Schoenbrunn Zoo in Vienna,

Austria, was left as the only survivor of a brood in cold weather. As a result

of being placed in the warm reptile house with the giant tortoises, the peacock for the rest of its life ignored peacocks and was interested only in tortoises.

The inland waterways of the United

States now carry about twice as much freight as the Great Lakes. PURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX POCATELLO

JANUARY 1957 M THESE TIMES

Overture for the Second Inaugural

Organ Books for by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Church and Home Eisenhower faces a new world, 70 to 80 percent of which comes through

Mr.politically speaking, for his second Syrian pipelines or the Suez Canal. To

AT THE CONSOLEFelton 2.00 inaugural. The bipolar world of the save and preserve access of the free world

CHANCEL ECHOESFelton 2.50 USSR and the USA, despite their to this oil (among other things), Harry

.... CHURCH MUSIC FOR THE strength, now appears less imposing Truman produced the GreekTurkish

SMALLEST ORGANNevin 1.50 than formerly. The United Nations has aid program of 1946, the "Truman Doc-

.... DEVOTIONAL ALBUMAsper.... 2.50 emerged as a factor of new importance. trine"of 1947, the Marshall Plan of

.... VOLUNTARIESVols.LORENZ FAVORITE ORGAN1, 2, 3 ea. 1.50 Thegainedsocalledprominence."AfroAsian"MeanwhileblocEurope,has ten1948,years,and Suezfinally,is NATO.closed andNowmustafterbe

is the.... VOLUNTARIESVol.LORENZ ONE PAGE 1,ORGAN2, 3 ea. 1.25 particularlyFrance, has sufferedthe Unitedloss ofKingdomprestige. and reopened;and have theto beSyrianrebuilt.pipelinesNot onlyare severed

oil, without economy western European ORGAN CLASSICS AND TRANSguarantees require will also but NATO CRIPTIONS 2.50 The Soviet Situation

ORGAN IN THE CHURCHAsper 2.75 from the wells (not inexhaustible) of the Meanwhile the USA. and world new of troubles. a time is having Russia VOLUNTARIESORGAN an aggresof and Egypt Nasser President to of Polish government ability Vols. Schreiner ea. 3.50 The 1, 2—

admitto be Syria appear in sive clique of Moscow, some independence Music Sent On Approval show the into influence force and Soviet diting failure in the same and Hungary's

Use this advertisement as your order blank rection, have electrified the world. The Middle East as factors in controlling

price for keeping the lid on Hungary both the oil and and strategic waterway.

MUSIC DAYNES parties the to fracture communist COMPANY was 1st South 15 E. The United Nations commentators Europe. of western Some City 11, Utah Salt Lake

Nagy's of Imre crushing the Please send the music indicated above. viewed in In the closing days of 1956 the UN revolt the Budapest government and

On Approval Charge November 1956 as marking the "end came into new dimensions. The occaMoney Enclosed of communism."This is superficial and sional lineup of the US and the USSR

of resolutions side was only the same on mark misleading. However they may

Name... in charges to fundamental incidental in leadership apthe end of Russian

Address pealing to the distressed and downthe evolution of the body. First in sigtrodden. The heroes of Budapest have nificance was the "decline of the Security

City a State not died in vain. The Russian thrust Council and the elevation to prominence

into the Middle East, Soviet support for of the 79member General Assembly.

Nasser and Syria, indicates however, This was due in large part to Dean -taijnes Music that the longrange interests of Russian Acheson's effort some years ago to secure

of jurisdiction could take the Assembly prestige of lost communist has by way 5afta*eC/fy peace (when the threatening a matter if control BLVD.OGDEN recouped than be more can1145 NORTHtiiiiiiiiimiiiicCCTUNIVERSITY, PROVOW'2260 WASHINGTON t power have not modified. What Russia the adoption of a UN procedure whereby

of the world's oil is gained. the Security Council was immobilized

by the veto). The Acheson "Uniting

Oil and Water in the Middle East for Peace"resolution, socalled, was designed to permit the UN to go on

I* prefer As time goes on, the importance of when Russia stalled the Security Council. The procedure received its first imQUIET and Arabian oil and the water of Suez vastly

COMFORT increases.To control the waters of Suez is to portantand Frenchuse vetoesin the andinstanceagainstof theBritishbest

for restful have some influence throughout the friends and allies of the US. It is more

meditation great land mass Sir Halford Mackinder, than curious to note that this circumInternational church seating with the British geographer, once called "the stance hasn't seemed to bother the individual chairs provides thouworld island,"consisting of Europe, Asia, American people or their editors. Prinsands of churchgoers with the and Africa. There, most of humanity ciple seems to override friendship

peaceful comfort they prefer. dwell. something different in powerpolitics.

Ask for full information today. Western Europe produces only 7 perThe resolution of November 24, 1956,

cent of the oil it consumes. For a decade for example, calling upon Britain,

from Israel to withdraw France, and division cost with at and States, high of the United ntemattonafseat of to 63 a vote by adopted Egypt, was prevent to tried care, has painstaking INC. CO., CITY BODY UNION page 58) on (Continued Europe, of of supply the oil disruption Indiana City, Union

Rich Reading Experiences...

Eternal Quest

By Hugh B. Brown

Rich, warm, soulstirring experiences of Elder Brown during both war and peace are related in picturesque language sure to interest all who read this new volume.

Also contains many of his choicest discourses including his "Rational Faith"series. $3.50

tell me il Tell Me A Story The top 50 stories from "The Children's Friend"have been bound into this popular volume for easy use by gFOKtf teachers and parents. Young folks... 6 to 14 years

of age... will love to hear these delightful stories and

will want to read the rest of the book themselves. $3.00

Choose Ye This Day By Emma Marr Petersen Entirely fictional in its presentation, this absorbing story,y,** of college life points out the problems faced by young people today in reconciling philosophy, science, and worldliness with religious truths. Gives guidance on

such matters as marriage, word of 'wisdom, recreation, segregation and interracial marriages. $2.00

Motherhood, A Partnership With God Compiled by Harold Lundstrom

of Zion, this important pecially mothers for the wives and of the Authorities contains the General bus nl Perhapsvolume the first and only book to be published eswords 4lV5ilffH... from the time of Joseph Smith to the present...

on such subjects as chastity, -wifehood, responsibility of motherhood and many other pertinent topics. Also

contains choice editorials from "Relief Society Magazine."$3.50

Jesus of Nazareth By Dr. Deta Petersen Neeley

This child's story of the Life of the Savior expertly and inspirationally combines the drama of the four gospels of the New Testament into one authentic and fascinating

Illlill story. Anyone with fourth grade reading ability can

readily read and understand this book. $2.00

An Adventure in Faith By S. Dilworth Young

Here's an exciting story that will appeal strongly to boys and girls of Scout or Explorer age. It's high

adventure at its very best... on the high seas and

with the famous Mormon Battalion. $1.75

The Number 1 Reference Text for the '57 Melchizedek Priesthood Course of Study!

Lehi in the Desert By Hugh Nibley Here is one of the classics in Church literature. It will prove an

invaluable aid to teacher and student alike in bringing about understanding of lesson material presented in Melchizedek Priesthood groups this year. Designated the "Number One"reference text.

$2.25 Available at Bookcraft Dealers everywhere BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE LD.S. TRADE

1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-7911 JANUARY 1957 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS, MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60 NUMBER 1

OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints JANUARY 1957

The Voice of the Church

THE COVER

The breathtaking winter beauty of the

Wasatch Mountains was captured by Hal

Rumel Studios for the Era. The photo

shows Mt. Millicent as seen from Brighton.

The Editor's Page DAVID O. McKAY

RICHARD L. EVANS

The Gospel... and Salvation.President David O. McKay 13 Editors

Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor Church Features Marba C. Josephs??

Associate Managing E< at Pioneer Village 6 Collection }. Grant The Heher MOFFITT ELIZABETH J.

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 10 President Stephen Honoring L Richards Editor Production

Your Question: "Upon This Rock"Joseph Fielding Smith 14 Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

How to Gain a Testimony Marion G. Romney 16 Research Editor

Jesus Prepares for His Ministry—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—VII Eileen Gibbons

Doyle L. Green 20 Manuscript Editor

Regard for the Priesthood (A Reprint) Joseph F. Smith 24

Our Ducloux Genealogy Problem Mrs. Julian B. Stephens 30 Archibald F. Bennett

Homer Durham 8 Presiding Bishopric's Page 50 G. Church The Moves On S. Harris, Jr. Franklin 48 Priesthood Melchizedek

Milton R. Hunter

Hugh Nibley Special Features Lee A. Palmer

Claude B. Petersen

The Rightful Sabbath William B. Hawkins 18 Sidney B. Sperry

The Bible Comes to Life in this Zoo G. B. Newhoff 25 Contributing Editors

There Were Jaredites—"Our Own People"Cont Hugh Nibley 26

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 36, 40, 44 ELBERT R.GeneCURTISral Manager

Times, Overture These for the Second the Universe, Franklin S. HarExploring S. REEDER

1 Inaugural, G. 2 BERTHA Homer Durham ris, Jr 'Associate Manager

On the Bookrack 5 Verl F. Scott

Today's Family Business Manager

Lunch Time—Adventure Time, My Favorite Music, Alan W. Farrant 57 A. Glen Snarr

Josephine B. Nichols 52 Those Bread and Butter Letters, Louise Subscription Director

Is Your Dining Room a Courtroom? P.Bell 58

Ruth B. Kent 56 Thayer Evans

Regional Advertising Representative ies, Poetry editorial and business offices 50 North Main Street St. 50 North Main YMM1A Offices, The Last Garden Harold Heifer 23

Offices. Main 40 North YWMIA And Should We Die Klea Evans Worsley 28 Salt Lake City 16, Utah St.

Kingsbury 37 Blue Plum Mornings Ilene Hanks

National Advertising Representative 1,

Frontispiece, 36 Jane Merchant Poinsettia, Ethel Jacobson....11 Of All That's Given,

Poetry Page 12 Contrariety, Hazel M. Thomson 55 TOWNSEND,110 SutterMILLSAPSt. & CO.

San Francisco, California & CO. MILLSAP Inc., Funds, 1956 Mutual and Mutual by published Improvement by theCopyright Associations of the'TOWNSEND,

Place Lafayette Park 672 Saints. of reserved. Christ Subscription Jesus Latterday rights All of price, year, $2.50 aChurch

57. California; Angeles Los foreign $3.00 subscriptions, single copy. a year,; 25cin advance in advance

Salt matter. Post Office, at the secondclass as Lake forEntered Acceptance mailing City, Utah ASSOCIATES SANGSTON at SADLER AND

in section for provided of postage rate 1103.special of October 1917, authorized 1918. 2, Act July 342 Madison Ave.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. New York 17, N. Y.

paid acceptance are for onManuscripts at the rate of l 1/ a word and mult be accompanied by suffi- & SONS DAVIS delivery for return. andcient postage St. 30 N. LaSalle

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address Chicago, Illinois

slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as

well as the new one is included. Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

On the Bookrad GIVE YOUR SAVINGS ACCOUNT

THE HISTORY OF A VALLEY (Cache Valley, UtahIdaho) (Dr. Joel E. Ricks, Editor; Everett L.

Cooley, Associate Editor. Cache ValleyCentennial Commission, Logan, Utah. greater

1956.)

This volume, a series of essays written by many authors who have known earn!

and loved this valley, is a most worthwhile accomplishment of the centennial celebration of the founding of Cache

Valley. Even more, it is a fascinating,wellwritten, authentic history which as power

its editors say portrays "its (Cache Valley's) geographical structure, its wealth HpHE YEAR AHEAD can be a more prosperous le for you of natural resources, its settlement by -- and your family if you'll put your "lazy vings"to courageous pioneers who possessed faith work at a higher rate, Greater earning powe which is and ability, and the subsequent agriculyours at Utah Savings and Idaho Savings, w help you tural, social, economic and industrial get your rightful share in America's greatest rosperity.

development of the valley."Your money is safe too... backed by 37 year of sound,

successful savings and loan management.

The book is replete with maps and illustrations, with interesting and unusual facts, and with the romance of pioneer days in Cache Valley. For anyone

it is a worthwhile account of early FREE GIFTS days, resolve one to make the reader to for new accounts! courageously, like the live more more

intrepid pioneers of Cache Valley who $50 or more built so well. H. W. L. SHEAFFERPEN OR FINELINEPENCIL

$100 or more SHEAFFER FINELINE ORIGIN AND BRIEF PEN $500AND orPENCILmore SET

HISTORY OF NATIONS TRAVEL OR ELECTRIC CLOCK (Thomas J. Yates. Salt Lake City. 1956. $850 or more

STEAM IRON309 pages.) WESTINGHOUSE

more $1500 or G. E. TABLE MODEL RADIO

$2500 or more per annum CLOCK WESTINGHOUSEA stupendoustaking in undertakingits concept,andthisbreathbook RADIO compounded gives an unusual introduction to the desemi-annually velopment of nations, tracing them back to the Bible. To anyone who likes

it is people do if mosthistory—and! or check is free the postage Save by mail—& willpresented provide book well—this receipt order; opened will be account your money u m of picture the various counan overall

tries together with their leaders and the and your pass book and gift will be mailed t you same leading events and the years of their day. Or write for additional information.

occurrence.

SAVINGS POSTMARKED BY JAN. 31 EARN FRO/ THE FIRST The mere reading of the book will

prove of great interest, but to those who Withdrawal Requests Promptly Honorec are interested in the material from a religious point of view, the book will prove invaluable as a source and reference book—M. C. J. UTAH SAW N AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

CHRONOLOGICAL CHART 65 North University Avenue, Provo, Utah

OF THE BIBLE (Compiled by Thomas J. Yates. SaltLake City. $1.00.) IDAHOAND LOANSAVINGSASSOCIATION

Ninth and Jefferson 368 "A"Street

This chart should prove most helpful Boise, Idaho Idaho Falls, Idaho and useful in checking dates and crosschecking contemporaries and events. To the student of biblical history, this Chronological Chart will

prove invaluable. M. C. J.

JANUARY 1957 The HEBER J. GRANT

COLLECTION at Pioneer dentg'sKof the Church.

Photograph was taken when he was illajje about eighty years of age.

a specially prepared alcove of

Inthe museum at the Pioneer Village of the National Society of the

Sons of Utah Pioneers, southeast of

Salt Lake City, the Heber J. Grant

Collection is now displayed. The

collection was presented to the Sons of Utah Pioneers by the Grant family

November 25, 1956, as part of the ings of President Grant's voice were years, longer than any Church Presicentennial celebration marking the heard. dent, save Brigham Young, in this

birth of President Heber J. Grant. Earlier in the week the descendants dispensation, he held the position of

Displayed prominently in the alof President Grant held one of their Prophet, Seer, and Revelator to this cove is President Heber J. Grant's annual reunions. A souvenir booklet people.

philosophy: "That which we persist of family remembrances has been A former member of the general

in doing becomes easy to do; not that published by them. superintendency of the YMMIA, he

the nature of the thing has changed, The centennial of the birth of was ever mindful of the problems of but that our power to do has inPresident Heber J. Grant, seventh youth. Many of the youth of the

creased."These words of the late President of the Church, friend of Church were fired with renewed dePresident were cut into a piece of youth, lover of good books, and the termination as he spoke of his own

decorative wood by a Saint living in first business manager of The Imaccomplishments, many of which lifethe German section of Pennsylvania, provement Era—how the mere menwere begun with difficulty. His

whose identity is now unknown, and tion of that name brings warm was a personal testimony to that fact presented to President Grant during memories! that all things could be accomplished.

his lifetime. Born November 22, 1856, in Salt In 1897, as a member of the genThe Grant collection is believed to Lake City when it was little more eral superintendency of the YMMIA,

be one of the largest yet obtained by than a pioneer village on the fringe of he determined that the young men of the Sons of Utah Pioneers. It conthe great American desert, the forward the Church should have a magazine

tains several hundred items, including motion of his life kept pace with the of their own to replace The Conan oil portrait of President Grant, the growth of the area until he passed tributor, which had ceased publicaAvard Fairbanks'bust of the Presiaway, in his eightyninth year, May tion. Thus, in the mind of this agile

dent, some of the President's favorite 14, 1945. man, was The Improvement Era

books, his writings, oldtime pictures Left fatherless when but nine days born. President Joseph F. Smith, then

of his family, canes, a goldheaded old, by the untimely death of his of the First Presidency, and President umbrella which was a gift to Presifather, President Jedediah M. Grant B. H. Roberts of the First Council of

dent Grant from the MIA, mementoes of the First Presidency, and first the Seventy became the first editors.

from his mission to Japan, specimens mayor of Salt Lake City, December 1, Heber J. Grant was its first business

of the hand sewing of President 1856, he rose in the business world manager.

Grant's mother, some oldtime certifisufficiently to build his mother a This was hardly a time to begin cates that were in the family (probhome on his twentyfirst birthday. such a venture. The nation was in

ably the only ones in existence), and He was called to the Council of the aftermath of the panic of '93, and an old chiffonier (tie stand) that was the Twelve in October 1882 and bethe Church was just beginning to reone of the President's favorites. came President of the Church Novemcover from trouble of much longer

During the afternoon, Sculptor ber 23, 1918. His presidency was a standing. In the first issue of this

Torleif S. Knaphus unveiled a new period of growth and goodwill for the magazine, the editors said that the

bust of the late President, and recordChurch. For more than twentysix (Concluded on page 49)

1. Discourses of the Prophet Joseph Smith

COMPILED BY ALMA P. BURTON

Revealed in this compilation are the intimate reactions of the Prophet Joseph Smith to some of the great principles that he Diiccwtses t the ftepbet restored under divine direction. InJOSEPH cludedcourses areon excerptsforgiveness,from love,disbaptism, the gathering of Israel, SMITH duties of missionaries, baptism for

the dead and others. $3.00

&HAM%H#

4. Jesus of Nazareth—Vol. I 2. For Behold Ye Are Free

A CHILD'S STORY OF THE NEW TESTAMENT LYNN McKINLAY

Deta Petersen Neeley and Nathan Glen Neeley

The Four Gospels of Matthew, Mark, This new book by Lynn McKinlay stresses two basic together are broughtLuke, and John story. LDS principles: that man is made after the image of beautifully in oneand blended

chronologically presented areEvents free with Creator has been blessed by his and in God

Savior's of thesimple language. Many

incident are doctrines feels these author agency. The this directly All quoted. arewords

retellingexquisite is surrounded by to all LDS religious concepts. In the matter of free historical background.authentic and

$2.00 agency, good and evil and man's responsibility for

his choice are topics of consideration. $2.00

3. Teachings of the Doctine and Covenants

DR. WILLIAM E. BERRETT

In his discussion of the Doctrine and Covenants, Dr. Berrett

points out how these revelations provide personal directives to members of the LDS Church in their manner of living as well as providing the basis of Church government as restored in the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times. This book points the

way to a better understanding of the restored gospel. $3.00

OFFICIAL PUBLISHERS TO THE LDS CHURCH

DweretEStBooh Co.

-,. 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City, Utah.-.**

5. Teachings of the New Testament

L. BENNION LOWELL DESERET COMPANY BOOK

will arouse enthusiasmThis book thoughtprovoking Temple South East 44 as Christ found Jesus offor the teachings the New

City, Salt Utah Lake has inimitable Dr. Bennionin way, In hisTestament.

Latterday Saint the to contribution additional anmade

Gentlemen: analysis of Jesus'Hisconcepts of and Savior. our Lord

instructionsdivine and of people times theirmakeapplicationthis book toa mustthe livesfor Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge in modern

Latterday Saints. $3.50 to my account for the following encircled (numbered) books:

3 4 5 66. Stories That Live 12

COMPILED BY LUCY GERTSCH THOMSON

For those who wish to find the exact story to point Address up a speech, this collection of famous and timely stories will prove a boon. Over the years the author City Zone State.

has been gathering this collection from newspapers, stories have Thesemagazines and books.

applicationfor their usefulness in manybeen testedclassResidents of Utah include 2% sales tax. by direct

room preparations. $1.00

JANUARY 1957.

The Church SAFEWAY. October 1956A Friend of the Family

The lowest food prices are ALWAYS found at susDelbert G. Taylor ElderSafeway. Savings made by shopping at Safeway president tained as of Rexburg m

mean better eating. That's why Safeway is a friend W* (Idaho) Stake with Elders Wilof the whole family. Wr lis G. Nelson and Walter F.

Ririe as his counselors. They

succeed President John L. Clark and his

counselors, Elders LaVere A. Ricks and

H. Lester Petersen.

Elder Charles P. Brizzee sustained as

president of Idaho Falls (Idaho) Stake, with Elders Paul W. Ahlstrom and Hal

R. Johnson as his counselors, succeeding

President William J. O'Bryant and his

counselors, Elders Joseph D. Armstrong

and Elmer S. Crowley.

fc President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

1 of the First Presidency dedipfl | r cated the chapel of the Tulsa

Wr (Oklahoma) Branch, Central States Mission.

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the SAFEWAY Council of the Twelve, dedicated the

States Branch, Gulf of the chapel Alamo

is at A Friend of the Farmer located chapel Mission. This

Pharr, Texas.

Safeway is a friend of the farmer, too, by creSpringville Stake, number 234 in the ating local as well as outof-state markets for the roll call of stakes, organized from porquality agricultural products raised by Utah and tions of Kolob (Utah) Stake, with

Idaho farmers. A splendid example is livestock. Presidentpresident ofLeoKolobA. Crandall,Stake, sustainedformerlyas

Safeway Stores purchased $1 1,285,950 of livepresident of Springville Stake. Elders

A. Christensen C. Glen and Howardstock—beef, lamb, veal and hogs—last year in Utah

are his counselors. Elder Maycock

and Idaho. Christensen was his first counselor in

During 1956, 100% of all the beef and lamb the Kolob Stake. The four thousand

purchased for sale in Utah was purchased from members of the Springville Stake are

Utah packers. Practically all of the Idaho beef and Seventh,in the SpringvilleEighth, Third,Ninth, Fourth,and TenthFifth,

lamb purchases also came from Idaho farms. wards. Elder Ernest L. Strong, formerly

Safeway actively promotes the sale of this localsecond counselor in the Kolob Stake presidency, was sustained as the presily produced meat. Two 1956 lamb promotions in dent of the Kolob Stake, with Elders

Utah and Idaho resulted in increased sales of 270 Hal L. Taylor and Claude A. Smith as

and 262 percent over comparable periods in 1955. his counselors. The approximately

of the members hundredSafeway was commended by President Don Clyde fortythree reside in and Mapleton Kolob Stake of the Utah Wool Growers Association for its supMapleton Second, Springville First, port in the 1956 lamb promotion. Second, Sixth, Eleventh, and Twelfth

under organized were The stakes Safeway continually does everything possible wards.

of Elders D. Moyle Henry the direction

to promote and sell homegrown agricultural prodand George Q. Morris of the Council

ucts because what helps the local farmer also helps of the Twelve.

Safeway. Kansas City Stake organized from

SAFEWAY IS A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY portionsKansas) ofDistrict,the IndependenceCentral States(MissouriMis-... AND A FRIEND OF THE FARMER sion, with Elder Martin V. Witbeck

sustained as president and Elders Jewel

A. Pope and E. Wiley Barker sustained

the stake Wards of BRiHiiBi as his counselors. to Day A Day

moves On

are Kansas City First (formerly Armour Valley View Sixth, was created from porHills Branch), Kansas City Second tions of the Valley View and Wilford (formerly Riverview Branch in Kansas wards. Evergreen and East Mill Creek

City, Kansas), Kansas City Third Fifth wards, previously mentioned, were (formerly Westport Branch), Independrenamed Valley View Fourth and Valence, Liberty, St. Joseph, and Topeka ley View Fifth wards.

(Kansas) wards. Also included in this Elder Gordon B. Hinckley, former

stake of approximately twentyeight first counselor in East Mill Creek Stake, hundred members is the Leavenworth was sustained to succeed President

Independent Branch; the Rich Hill DeGundersen as president of the East Mill

pendent Branch (dependent upon KanCreek Stake. Elder H. Leroy Erickson,

sas City First Ward), the Lawrence former second counselor in the East

Dependent Branch (dependent upon Mill Creek Stake, was sustained as first

Topeka Ward), the Hiawatha Decounselor, and Elder O. Layton Allpendent Branch and the Albany Sunday dredge was sustained as second counAren't those f<\

School (each dependent upon St. Joseph selor. The stake now comprises the

Ward), and the Chillicothe Sunday East Mill Creek, East Mill Creek SecSchool (dependent upon Liberty Ward.) ond, East Mill Creek Third, and East

These changes were effected by Elders Mill Creek Fourth wards. The stake

Harold B. Lee and Mark E. Petersen of has a membership of approximately NEW

of the the 3,600. is the Council Elders Twelve. It B. Lee and Harold George CLASS SWEATERS stake in functioning 235th Morris of the of the Council Twelve now the Q.

Church. effected these changes. BEEYOO-TEEFUL!

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant November 1956 Those bright school colors resist fading, specially 'cause they're dyed to the Council of the Twelve, in for California Jonesknit wear.

dedicated the chapel of the Elder Reed Whipple sustained (virgin) wool, Double100% worsted as of the president Las Vegas w (Mississippi) Branch, Meridan stitched after for features long wear Stake, Elders with Mission. Gulf States Nevada)

to graduation. supply We're proud ford B. Crane Dan and Rulon Mr

beauties. these as his A. Earl counselors. They Assistant Sonne, Elder Alma | President T. succeed Meyers and Gay the of the Council Twelve,

THEY ARE PRODUCT A COMPANION P to counselors, Elders Bunker R. Lynn dedicated the chapel of the his Wflr L. and Adams. Thomas TO (Mississippi) Monroe Branch, JBr E. Bettilyon, formerly Elder Verden States Gulf Mission.

Canyon Rim, 236th stake now funcsecond counselor in the Wilford (Salt presidency, Stake sustained City) Lake tioning in the organized Church, from counselor, as first succeeding Elder Rex JONESKNIT portions of East Mill Creek (Salt Lake)

Stake, with Elder Verl F. Scott sustained C. Reeve, recently sustained as first

counselor in the Stake All*Star Valley View new Award as its president Elders and John J. Niel-

B. presidency. Elder Byron Robinson JACKETS SWEATERS and sen and counselors. Darwin Isom as J.

The new stake is made up of Canyon sustained as second counselor in the

Rim, Canyon Rim Second, Highland Wilford Stake presidency.

View, Highland View West, Garden Elder LeGrand Richards of the WINNERS OF

Heights, Garden Heights South, and Council of the Twelve dediCALIFORNIA STATE FAIRS

Rosecrest wards. The stake has a memcated the chapel of the Quincy BLUE RIBBON AWARDS

bership of approximately 6,100. (Florida) Branch, Southern

Valley View Stake, 237th stake in the States Mission. 1948, 1951, and 1952

Church, organized from portions of East GOLD MEDAL AWARDS of Richards Elder LeGrand the 1953, 1954, and 1956 stakes, Mill Creek Wilford and with of the dediCouncil Twelve B. Elder Gundersen, former Lamont

president of East Mill Creek Stake, suscated the chapel of the Bradentained as president. His counselors are ton (Florida) Branch, SouthOrder today from the

Elders Rex C. Reeve, Sr., former first ern States Mission. Official Dealer

counselor in the Wilford Stake presiIt was announced that Elder in your community or ivrite..

dency, and Elder Joseph Samuel Oliver. Elbert R. Curtis, general superThe stake's membership is approximately intendent of the YMMIA, had

4,500. To make the stake, the Everbeen appointed to two national

green and East Mill Creek Fifth wards committees of the Boy Scouts were taken from East Mill Creek Stake, of America. They are the committee JONES

and the Valley View, Valley View Secon Exploring and the committee on reond, and Valley View Third wards were lationship. Both terms are for the comtaken from Wilford Stake. A new ward, ing year. KNITTING MILLS

P. O. Box 37235

Chronology of Church Events Los Angeles, California

JANUARY 1957 heritage. His grandfather, Dr. Willard Richards, was the trusted confidant of both the Prophet Joseph

Smith and President Brigham Young.

It was Elder Willard Richards who was with the Prophet Joseph and his brother, the Patriarch Hyrum, that summer afternoon June 27, 1844, in

Carthage Jail, Illinois, when the bullets from the mob snuffed out the lives of both Joseph and Hyrum. It

was Willard Richards who served as

Second Counselor in the First Presidency to Brigham Young.

But this is the story of the President

Richards of our day—President

Stephen L Richards. And what of

this man—this leader of modern

Israel? His testimony of the truthfulness of the restored gospel is his

most valued treasure. He possesses

a brilliant analytical mind, and an exceptional vocabulary with which to explain his point of view. His actions

are always forthright, and he is a gentleman in all things. He has a

rare sense of humor and is known among the everwidening circle of his friends as a masterful storyteller.

Over the years his inspired utterances at conference time, on Temple

Square, and in the stakes, have become classics in Church literature.

During the nearly six years since he became a member of the First PresiStephen L Richards dency, the missionary program which he has administered has felt the

Honoring strengthBecauseof ofhishiswisdom.tact, his persuasive

ability, his knowledge of the laws of peoples and nations, and his sound

President Stephen judgment, President Richards has I Richards filled many delicate assignments before leaders of government and inby Albert L. Zobell, Jr. dustry, of which the Church as a

RESEARCH EDITOR whole has seldom heard. He has

been one of the foremost among marks President Stephen L southern Alberta, Idaho, Wyoming, the Church's ambassadorsat-large toThis Richards'fortieth anniversary as Utah, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona to pave the way for much of the under- a member of the General Authorinorthern Mexico. In 1917 the memstanding that the Church and its

ties. It was on January 17, 1917, that bership of the Church was 488,046; people now enjoy throughout the

he, already successful in his chosen today it is approaching one and a half world.

field of law, accepted the call from million souls. In the interest of missionary work

the Prophet in that day, President President Richards had been he has traveled extensively throughJoseph F. Smith, to become a member schooled for more than a decade as out North America, South America,

of the Council of the Twelve. one of the general officers of the Europe, and Palestine.

What of the Church forty years Church before his call to the apostleThe Improvement Era, its staff, ago? Let's look at it briefly: ship. He had become a member of and its large family of subscribers,

It was a Church composed prethe Deseret Sunday School Union take this opportunity to congratulate dominantly of people who loved and board in 1906, and on April 4, 1909, President Richards on his forty years as one of itslived on the soil—in rural communihad become a member of the general of service in the Church

ties. The stakes of Zion, there were superintendency of that body. He General Authorities, and to wish for

fewer than seventyfive of them then, served in this capacity until October him many more years of fruitful servcontrasted with more than 235 now 1934. ice in building up the Father's Kingextended in a narrow corridor from President Richards comes of a noble dom here upon earth.

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

by Ethel Jacobson

jjf laming star, Poinsettia, JL On the snowy sill:

Be a cheery greeting here For the small and shy New Year;

The infant traveler, Shivering, wee, From bournes of blue Immensity.

e an omen in his sight B For joy to come, And peace, and light Flaming star, Poinsettia, On the snowy sill!

JANUARY 1957 11 PRAYER FOR A NEW YEAR By Vesta Nickerson

P'ently, gently let rain fall,

Not in torrents, not in flood,

But let it be, this New Year's Day,

Refreshing, fragrant, mild, and good.

A link between the sky and earth,

Rain sprays with jewels leaf and bough,

And reaches deep for seed, for bulb,

For needy root, exploring now.

NEW YEAR FAITH And Oldmaybitterness,this new andyear'spurifyrain dissolve

Both heart and soul, release the mind

By Catherine E. Berry By Florence Hinchman To grow in beauty toward the sky.

Ctep softly now, this year is new, Iaith stilled the stormy waves that lashed

Galilee. shining as a Sea of bright The and gem As

set the Faith cut calmed soul of one who prayed GRAVEYARD IN WINTER and carved and newlyBut

Gethsemane. In old Into time's golden diadem.

light, its flame undimmed, By Ruth K. Kent A beacon

ageless time by so care and or with hour Unchanged anHandle falling gently the through snowflakes tide, TThe rise assail, foes tryants settles lustre here and the Until Though night it still shall abide. truths go, should His the pathwayUpon a shroud; in graveyard winter the Enfold all for of strength of year, this mankind, the Lighting road Bulwark new

the landscape shimmers is born, dawn When faith leads In triumph on white the to people ways andUnused find earth's last at peace binding To veil of cloud. misty a clean beneath And life hours, the that spin around Of tomorrow's Beyond dawn. quiet wor- a whitetopped mound, Each cycle now,Starting a brand new

Uncertain of its mighty powers. shiper

On bended knee, in silent dignity;

But once in stride the year will set Like whitehaired men with patience

Its sights on all the months ahead, fraught, stand fir

And bring worldshaking hours, some days And pine trees... portraits of serenity.

The calendar will mark in red! The world is weeping with the pain of greed

And unbelief; the universe is cold

And hard; in life there is no sacred creed

will unfold, hearts not unity where A FAMILY PRAYER For still let to be peace; us know But there can

By Jacque B. Felshaw This truth, the Lord makes graveyards

wrapped in snow.

I ead us in thy pathway, Father.

Do not let us from thee stray.

Oh, that we may always love thee, HERITAGE

And remember thee each day.

Help us to be always righteous, By C. Cameron Johns

Walking in thy truth and light.

Father, bless us with thy presence, "Momentary winds rage in the granite hills,

And protect us day and night. And, losing their hungry hate to gray

stone, Are chastened by the unsleeping ghosts that

WINTER SEASON roam Where sunsets are gathered in cadenced

By Mary Graham Bond rock.

-H. Armstrong Roberts Then, hurrying down the longmiled pas-

'T'he time has come for boots and coats; tures,

It's woollen cap and mitten weather. The softened winds tread the garden valley

The sun sulks in his cloudy tent; And mingle with the fearless, fragrant blosThe wintry winds wail all together. WINTER STORM soms.

But there are things of good cheer, too: By Marian Schroder Crothers In the world where men gather white winds

There's the firelit home—a cozy place; That storm against the fearscarred heart,

There are holidays all laced with laughter TThe buildings huddle down, Greenrobed awareness must stand unAnd the New Year turning its golden face. Seeking brief comfort from the cold; dimmed,

Yet one old barn, firmplanted, And, like winddrenched mountains, abate

Looms tall against the leaden sky, The loud silences to tones of falling petals.

NEW DAY Defiant of the winds that shriek

And wail around the eaves.

By Jean Mergard Borne on storm wings, EXTINGUISHED STAR

From the house faint smoke trails

B ecauserest, this day seems different from the TossWhileinwhirlingtattered snowdriftsfragments, down,disappear, By Jane H. Merchant

Eager, I rise to grasp its new persuasion; Snaking along the fence rows, I shall remember what you were to me.

Not as, when in some dream, uncertain quest Carving strange sculptures from familiar I always shall remember what you were,

Is heartbeat close, yet constant with evasion. things. And I shall love the gentle memory

Clutched in the bitter cold of winter storm, As long as any loveliness can stir

Hiding between two minutes there could be Uneasily, the farmstead sleeps. My heart to praise. I shall remember you

A strange adventure or surprise revealing With special quietness when I see one

Itself; and with each bright discovery Tall pine tree reaching toward the luminous

Would come new paths that time had been SHUTINS blue concealing. Where one white star rays infinite benison.

By Lucretia Penny I shall remember, you were like the tall

Yet if no revelations come my way, Green pine that lifts my vision to the sky

On guard am I against the stone of sorrow; TThe pity she has shunned herself Where one star shines. I always shall recall

For I recall that even yesterday She gives to what was Winter's pride, With tenderness all that you were, though I

Seemed just as new, and so will be tomorThe primrose on the windowshelf, Must bear the loneliness of what you are:

row! Now June's outside. A pine tree fallen, an extinguished star.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"The Gospel..

and Salvation"

Go inye thetherefore,name of andthe teachFather,all andnations,of thebaptizingSon, andthemof responsibility,of his disciplesgreaterto workthanin everthat before,vineyard.to proclaim:Ours is the

the Holy Ghost: First, that the Church is divinely established by the

"Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I appearance of God the Father and his Son Jesus Christ have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, to the Prophet Joseph Smith and the subsequent organeven unto the end of the world."(Matt. 28:1920.) ization of his Church, and that divine authority through

Such was the charge given by the Risen Lord to his the priesthood is given to represent Deity in establishing authorized disciples over nineteen hundred years ago. Christ's Church upon the earth.

Such is the charge given by the Risen Lord to his authorSecond, that its assigned responsibility is to fulfil the ized servants today. admonition igiven the Apostles to carry the message into

When the twelve Apostles of old received the comall the world.

mand to go into all the world to preach the gospel, there Third, to proclaim peace and goodwill unto all manwere few things to aid them in their effort. Since the kind.

gospel has been restored in the latter days there have Fourth, to exert every effort and all means within our been many inventions in the field of transportation and reach to make evil -thinking men good, good men better, communication that have aided the Church in giving and all people happier.

the message to the world. Because the Lord has given Fifth, to proclaim the truth that each individual is a

us these modern means, the responsibility of the Church child of God and important in his sight; that an indito fulfil that charge of taking the glad tidings has likevidual is entitled to freedom of thought, freedom of

wise been increased. speech, freedom of assembly; that he has the right to

Today modern means of transportation and communiworship God according to the dictates of his own concation have practically made all nations neighbors. Toscience. In this positive declaration we imply that civil

day "God has given us the power of whispering across organizations or churches which deprive the individual space, of transmitting our thoughts from one end of the of these inherent rights are not in harmony with God's earth to another."Geographical conditions of distances will nor with his revealed word.

remain the same, but in point of time New York City is We are all missionaries who are members of the Church as near to the Church headquarters in Salt Lake City of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. We may be called

as Fayette was to the Prophet's home in Harmony on as missionaries to the far places of the earth or to labor the day the Church was organized. Likewise, the memwith our nextdoor neighbor. Wherever we are called,

bers of the Church living in Europe, South Africa, South the promise is the same:

America, Australia, Asia, or the islands of the sea, are "And if it so be that you should labor all your days in no farther removed from the headquarters of the Church crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it than were some of the Saints in early Utah. What a be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with

marvelous age we live in—this age of neighbors! him in the kingdom of my Father!

The world is full of honorable men and women, who, "And now, if your joy will be great with one soul as those men who accosted Peter on the day of Pentecost, that you have brought unto me into the kingdom of my desire to know what to do—what to believe. We, as a Father, how great will be your joy if you should bring

missionary Church, are earnestly seeking these people. many souls unto me!

Christ's Church is his vineyard. He has invited all (Concluded on following page)

by President David O. McKay itorsm

JANUARY 1957 13 The Editor's Page

(Concluded from preceding page) "Behold, you have my gospel before you, and my for the restored gospel by greater service to his Church, rock, and my salvation."(D & C 18:1517.) by greater kindness and forbearance toward our assoMay we more fully demonstrate our knowledge of the ciates, and by exercising more charity for the honest in

reality of the existence of Jesus Christ and of our love heart the world over.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

"UPON THIS ROCK"

"Last Sunday my husband and I were "And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the called on to speak at the evening services Christ, the Son of the living God.

in our ward. We were followed by another speaker who "And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art

gave a forceful address in which he warned us of false thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not redoctrine that he said is being taught in the Church. In vealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.

part of his address he said many throughout the Church "And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter; and

are teaching false doctrine in relation to the saying of upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates

Jesus to Peter, 'And I say also unto thee, That thou art of hell shall not prevail against it.

Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and "And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of

the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.'He said heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall

that the Catholics say this rock is Peter, and many in the be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose

Church teach that it is the rock of revelation. The rock, on earth shall be loosed in heaven."1

he said, is Christ. Is it a false doctrine to say that this The interpretation placed on this conversation by the

rock is revelation? We have been taught always to beCatholics is extremely absurd. It is contrary to reason

lieve it."to think that the Lord would establish his church upon

any man, no matter how faithful and wonderful he might be. It is the Church of Jesus Christ, not the church of

The expression "the rock"is used in the Peter. When the Nephite disciples sought the Lord to

Answer: scriptures with different meanings that know what was to be the name of the church, he said

must be interpreted according to the context. There are to them:

times when it refers to Christ and times when it refers "Have they not read the scriptures, which say ye must to the gospel and other times when the reference is to take upon you the name of Christ, which is my name?

revelation and again to the Church. Let us consider the For by this name shall ye be called at the last day;

passage under question. At Caesarea Philippi the Lord "And whoso taketh upon him my name, and endureth

asked his disciples, "Whom do men say that I the Son to the end, the same shall be saved at the last day.

of man am? "Therefore, whatsoever ye shall do, ye shall do it in

"And they said, Some say that thou art John the my name; therefore ye shall call the church in my name;

Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of the and ye shall call upon the Father in my name that he will

prophets. bless the church for my sake.

"He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? Watt. 16:1319.

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "And how be it my church save it be called in my because he held the keys of the Melchizedek Priesthood name? For if a church be called in Moses'name then it and kingdom of God, and had before revealed the priestbe Moses'church; or if it be called in the name of a hood to Moses; yet Christ was baptized by John to fulfill

man then it be the church of a man; but if it be called all righteousness; and Jesus in his teaching says: 'Upon

in my name then it is my church, if it so be that they this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell are built upon my gospel."2 shall not prevail against it.'What rock? Revelation."4

The extent of the authority to Peter was to hold the Members of the Church should not spend their time keys of the kingdom of heaven, meaning the presiding in argument over this passage; nor should there arise

authority upon the earth. These keys enabled him to misunderstandings. In the Doctrine and Covenants we

take charge and preside over the work of the Lord, exerfind passages in which the term "rock"refers definitely cising divine authority. The antecedent of this is to revelation, also to the Church and to Jesus Christ. In

"revealed"in the preceding paragraph, and upon revelathe Book of Mormon and the Bible like passages are tion the Lord would build his church. It has always found. Here are a few examples:

been so understood in the past, and it is today. If there "Therefore, fear not, little flock; do good; let earth

if you, for ye are built against upon hell combine and canheavens, if the Lord the with communicationis no 5 It that clear prevail."appears they cannot my rock, the servants authorized speak, uponnot no then he has

earth. When the gift of revelation ceased then errors this passage refers to revelation. In the Doctrine and

crept in with disastrous results. This is the complaint Covenants, section 50:44, the rock refers to Christ, "the

made in ancient Israel at times; because of wickedness, stone of Israel."In the Book of Mormon are several

there was no prophet, no vision, no communication with passages that clearly refer to Jesus and others that refer the heavens, 3 For nearly, if not quite, nineteen hundred to revelation and the gospel; for instance, consider these:

years there had been no divine revelation. Religious "And in them [Nephite records] shall be written my

denominations relied entirely on the dead letter of the gospel, saith the Lamb, and my rock [revelation] and my

Bible for their authority. They closed the heavens against salvation."

themselves, and their interpretations of scripture without "And then at that day will they not rejoice and give divine guidance led them into division, subdivision, and praise unto their everlasting God, their rock and their multiplication of churches, each going its own way blindsalvation? Yea, at that day, will they not receive the

vine? Yea, will true the from nourishment and of the priesthoodly in confusion. was strength power and The

7 of fold God?"unto the true they not come oflost Christ ceased to exist the Jesus true Church and

on the earth. There had been no prophet, no revela- "Rejoice, O my heart, and cry unto the Lord, and say:

tion, or divine instruction from the time of the apostles O Lord, I will praise thee forever; yea, my soul will re-5

of old until the Lord again opened the heavens and joice in thee, my God, and the rock of my salvation."

sent holy messengers to restore that which had been From these passages we see that the "rock"is used taken away. variously: in reference to the gospel, revelation, and

in clearly our minds and Christ. we get this When Speaking on the meaning of the Savior's words to Jesus

the spirit so understand of discernment we can have thePeter concerning the rock, the Prophet Joseph Smith has passages in which this term is used, there should be no said: conflict as to the correct meaning by members of the "John was a priest after the order of Aaron, and he Church.

held keys of the priesthood, and came forth preaching repentance and baptism, for the remission of sins, but at the same time cries out, 'There cometh one mightier \A/J -fZtJtLy/bv than I after me, the lachet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose.'and Christ came according

to the words of John, and he was greater than John, TrackingsBD & C 6:34.of theSeeProphetIbid., 10:69;Joseph 33:13;Smith,andpp. 3 273274.Nephi 11:39.

e2 Nephi 13:36.

233 I Sam.Nephi28:6.27:5-8. mid.,82 Nephi15:15.4:30. Compare Helaman 5:12.

—Photo by Keystone View Co.

JANUARY 1957 15 How to Gain

a Testimony*

by Elder Marion G. Romney

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

i think a testimony, about Prophet Joseph TheWhenI realize in attitude of there Smith that are many types of testimonies, and testiprayer.

monies to many things. But the testi-—B\i Avard Fairbanks

mony I want to discuss, I wish to define as "an abiding, living, moving conviction of the truths taught by the gospel of Jesus Christ."

One principle of a testimony is a moving, living, driving conviction that son—"anGod, our Eternalexalted Father,Man"iswasa Perthe thedent ProphetDavid O.JosephMcKay.SmithOneto ofPresithe Joseph"Do F.youSmithbelievewas thata prophetPresidentof

phrase that the Prophet Joseph used most important things to know is that God?"

in describing God. Another great President McKay is today as much a "I do."

principle we should have in mind prophet as Joseph Smith was a Then I came to the crux of my with respect to a testimony is a belief prophet. questioning. I said, "Do you believe

in the great plan of salvation with Sometimes it is easy to accept the that Heber J. Grant is a prophet of

Jesus Christ as the central figure in dead prophets and not quite so easy God?"

that plan. truth I Another to reliving must the prophets. accept we

said, to "I think he ought he And believe is the account the Prophet a experience few an member I had his old age keep shut about mouth first of hisgave vision last God, our of years years the when during ago assistance."testimony man's That

Eternal Father, and Jesus Christ, his President Grant's life. A man came wasn't doing him very much good.

Son, came down in the grove in Palto my office following one of the genhave, if we have testimyra, New York, and stood full length eral conferences and complained bitWe should before the Prophet and conversed terly at what Brother Clark, Brother monies, an expectation that we ourof us, will through each one him.with Another acceptance is our said. Wirthlin, and I had We had selves,

the great the of redemption, plan plan fact thatof the of the Book the program. welfare Mormon all talked about

came forth in the manner the Prophet After I had calmed him down a little, of salvation, be raised to the presence

Joseph said it came, that he transor he had blown off all the steam he of God. That is the hope that should

lated it from the golden plates upon had and was exhausted, he sat down, be in us.

which it was engraved, and that he and I asked him a few questions. I The possession of such a testimony,

received them out of the Hill Cucould tell from his speech that he a living, abiding, driving conviction morah as he testified that he did. had not been born in America, and of these things, is the greatest posAnother principle and truth is that I asked him when he came here, and session a person can have. It is an

the Prophet Joseph Smith received, he told me. I then asked him why uplift to me always to hear a person

by the visitation of heavenly beings, he came, and he said, "Because a bear his testimony. I remember the

all the powers and authorities of prophet of God told me to come."times I have thrilled as I have heard

heaven that are necessary for men to I said, "Who was the prophet?"President Grant bear his testimony

enjoy in order to be saved and exalted He replied, "President Woodruff."when he used to close the conferin the presence of God, and that this I said, "Do you believe President ences. He used to say:

Church is the repository of those keys Woodruff was a prophet of God?"I know as I know that I live that God

and powers, that authority, and those "I do,"was his answer. lives, that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the

blessings. When we have a testi- "Do you believe President Snow Living God, the Redeemer of the world,

mony, we have a testimony that those was a prophet?"and that Joseph Smith was a prophet of

the that Living and True God, and Morstillkeys are here, that they have "I said. do,"he socalled, is in very the monism, deed planbeen held by every presided man who life of salvation. (October and Conference an address to the studentover the his in order, Church University, from Young*From 25, 1953. 132.) body of Brigham Report 1934, p. March

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I never heard him say those words A testimony must come through the Sometimes this knowledge comes to a that I didn't get a tingling up and Holy Ghost. Any person who ever person of a sudden. He gets this condown my spine, as it were, with the had a testimony had it because it had viction at a certain time, and he

strength of his conviction. been given to him by the inspiration knows he got it at that time.

Now, how does a person get a testiof the Holy Ghost. We just read I can give you an experience of my

mony? What is the source of a testiabove what the Prophet Joseph Smith wife. She at one time was on the stake

mony? said about the Holy Ghost, that he is board (I think it was the Sunday

A testimony never comes to a per- a Personage of spirit. He is the third School), and it was her responsibility

son through the learning of the member of the Godhead. He has a to teach a leadership meeting. The

world; man doesn't get it through mission to perform, and his mission lesson for the particular meeting I

learning. You cannot get it through is to bear witness to believers that have in mind was on the Prophet's

philosophizing or through the study Jesus is the Christ. vision of the Father and the Son.

of what men have said who did not Paul taught in his day "that no She knew that in that class there was have a testimony. Let me show you man can know that Jesus is the Lord going to be a graduate from the Unithe place men get when they, without but by the Holy Ghost."I think the versity of Idaho, who was not a Lat-

a testimony, try to explain some of scripture as we have it states that "no terday Saint and who did not believe these great truths which we have just man can say that Jesus is the Lord,"the gospel, and it occurred to her that been discussing. You are perhaps but that wasn't what Paul said. He the story of the Father and the Son

familiar with this creed about the said that "no man can know..."coming to the Prophet Joseph Smith

Godhead: because a liar could say it. But not would not be accepted by this edumany of them say it unless they have cated, refined, and lovely woman. So

There is but one living and true God, the Holy Ghost. she began to worry. She was not

parts, oreverlasting, without body, pasYou remember the story that Presisure she knew it well enough to tellsions; of infinite goodpower, wisdom, and

ness; the maker and preserver of all things, dent Grant used to tell, or the account it, and she began to cry and went

both visible and invisible; and in the unity he used to recite, of the experiences downstairs to see her mother and

of this Godhead there are three persons of Senator Beveridge, from Indiana, said, "Mother, I can't give that lesof power, one substance, and eternity—the who was at one time in the United son because I don't know that Joseph

Ghost.Father, Son, and the (Church Holyof England Thirtynine Articles.) States Senate—a great senator in the Smith had that vision, and that

estimation of some people. At least, woman will laugh at me and ridicule

That is a man's definition and unhe wrote a very great book, The me."

derstanding of the Godhead. Now Biography of John Marshall, which Her mother was not an educated

compare that with this statement of would be wonderful reading for you woman in the eyes of the world. She

the Prophet Joseph Smith. He said: students in government and law. knew just enough to be saved in the

Beveridge spent a summer vacation celestial kingdom of our Father, beThe Father has a body of flesh and bones interviewing eminent divines, by letcause she had a testimony. She said

also; the asas tangible but man's; Son the ter and by conversation, and he put to to her daughter, "You know how the flesh of not has Ghost andHoly a body

bones, but is a personage of Spirit. (D & C them certain questions. One of the Prophet got that vision, don't you?"

130:22.) questions had to do with the personHer daughter said, "Yes, he got it

ality of God that we mentioned; anby going into the woods and praying

Do you get any different ideas from other had to do with Christ. He to God for it."

those two statements? asked these divines, "Do you believe "Why don't you try that?"she said

Let me show you just one example that Jesus Christ was the literal Son to her daughter.

of where men are getting to, now in of God, sent to the earth with the So her daughter went to her room our day, who are trying to revise the divine mission to save mankind?"and tried it; she wrestled with God.

scriptures without the spirit of God. Then he said, "I don't want any arguShe went to that leadership meeting

Isaiah tells about the coming of ment or philosophizing. I don't want and gave that lesson with power beChrist in the Old Testament. (Testato know whether you think he was a yond her natural abilities, convincment means a witness to the coming great prophet or a great teacher. I ingly, to that nonmember.

of Christ.) just want to know if you believe that How did she do it? Well, the Holy

he was in very deed the Son of God, Spirit came to her in response to her... Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and

bear a son, and shall call his name Imsent to the earth with the divine misinquiry, and she had it burning manuel. (Isaiah 7:14.) sion to save mankind."within her soul that she knew that

Of all the ministers he interviewed, Joseph Smith had that vision as well

When Isaiah used the word "virgin"not a single one answered unequivas Joseph Smith knew it. She hadn't

he was saying that woman who had ocally, "Yes, I believe Jesus was the seen the same things with her eyes not known a man should bear a son. Son of God."that the Prophet had seen, but she

the modern Now translators use Why couldn't they say he was? had the same knowledge. She hadthat scripture this way: They did not have the gift of the his description, and she had a witBehold, a young woman shall conceive and Holy Ghost; they did not have the ness from the Holy Ghost that his

bear a son, and shall call his name Imwitness of the Holy Ghost. account of it was true.

manuel.

If we should ask you, how many of Sometimes a testimony comes to a

You see, they do not believe that you know that Jesus is the Christ, person over a long period. I never

Christ was divine, so it doesn't make many of you would know. How do remember a testimony coming to me

any difference to them whether they you know? You know it because the of a sudden in that manner. I can

use "a young woman"or a "virgin."Holy Spirit has borne witness to you. (Continued on page 44)

JANUARY 1957 17 a covenant with our made Lord God The in Horeb. usTherevelation,Sabbaththeis designatedexpression ofby divinedirect camemunionthewithnecessityGod. for rest and comwith this covenant not Lord made The

of Sabthe observance will. The Remember the sabbath day, to keep it ourall offathers,us herebutalivewiththisus,day.even(Deut.us, who5:1-3.)are to ancient as a mandatebath came holy.

from deliverance of eveIsrael the on all labour, do and shalt thou Six days to observed first be Sabbath This kept Christians earlybondage. The work: thy fourteenth the on Israel occurred by resurrected theit with of the is the sabbath by appointment day seventh the But to that Abib, was of the month day shalt it any do not thou the Disin in thy restored God: Lord ItChrist. was the year of the first on the month be daughter, thy nor son, thy thou, nor work, of by Times Fulness the ofpensation Lord. of the nor maidservant, calendar commanded thy nor manservant, thy new 59; (See revelation. & Cspecial D is within that stranger Israel's cattle, thy nor of thy year in the 430th This was

68:29.) 8-10.) 20: (Ex. gates. thy coincident It in Egypt. was sojourn to be the day changed have Events

first passover of the part a and with between covenantsobserved. a period New observed himself had God bread. of unleavened feast the and to have time time from and dursix periods man the restGod following of the in It observed 12.) was (Ex. and observance of its altered manner Israel earth; the created ing he which reached they Sin, before of Wilderness has Sabbath the But its sacraments. a day. also have must miracubeing they were Sinai, while a devotion, day of a time beenalways

of worship when sons and daughters For in six days the Lord made heaven and of God may renew their covenants earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and with their Heavenly Father. restedblessed thetheseventhsabbathday:day,whereforeand hallowedthe Lordit.

The current controversy in certain (Ibid., 20:11.)

Christian quarters regarding the particular day on which the Sabbath Here was a new covenant. It was The

should be observed is inspired, unan exclusive and personal contact bedoubtedly, by honest motive, but such tween God and his chosen ones whom controversy is immediately dissolved he had delivered from bondage. RIGHTFUL

by a more complete understanding of God's own will in the matter. InAnd Moses called all Israel, and said unto

deed, the gospel is not the product of them, Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgthis day, ears in your I speak which SABBATH ments deduction, of the figment nor debate keep, do and and them, that ye may learn of divine revealment but is the will them.

Only through the same spirit that enlightened the prophets can we understand their message.

Modern revelation (D & C 59) has determined the day and manner of observance for Latterday Saints.

There is no confusion here; God has

given instructions. We would do

well to seek the full meaning of this revelation and observe it faithfully.

This review of the observance of the Sabbath day over the years is intended to bring into sharp focus the tradition and significance of the day as understood by those oracles who initiated and defended it. A study of

calendars or strict chronological detail seems of limited value because new covenants were revealed independent of the old, the last occurring in our own time. Of the greatest

significance, however, is the fact that

God has established covenants with his children intended for their complete redemption; that the Sabbath is

a vital part in that process, and that it has been adapted and timed to the progress of the master plan and the timely needs of God's children.

When the Lord spoke his commandments from Sinai to ancient

Israel, he proclaimed a divine principle and established a day of worship.

Along with the virtue of honest labor rom a painting by Arnold Frihcr?,

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lously fed with manna and quail.

(Ibid., 16:2223.)

The Sabbath was to commemorate the plague that brought death to the firstborn in all Egypt and deliverance from slavery for Israel. It would

place Israel under perpetual obligation and merit their devotion forever.

Pointing to this memorable event at a later time, Moses reminded them:

And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and that the Lord thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm:

therefore the Lord thy God commanded thee to keep the sabbath day. (Deut. 5:15.)

by William B. Hawkins

Historically, the Sabbath was a day of remembrance, the establishment of a new calendar, the opening of a dis- a painting Plockhorst by B.—From pensation, the of beginning a new

saith "Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned herself, and unto him, Rabboni;

life, truly a of declaration independis to which say, Master.

ence, to be commemorated and ob- "Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father...."

served with deep spiritual meaning.

withered. asked they his hand And sight of the complete. Lost him, was was for The need of the the advent

it Is saying. to lawful the heal sabbath on fact that sabbath was made "... The Messiah was nowhere more evident that they days? accuse might him.

than in the observance of the SabAnd he said unto them, What man shall for man, and not man for the sabbath. By the time Christ began his there be among you, that shall have one bath."(Ibid., 2:27.)

ministry, the Sabbath had largely lost sheep, and if it fall into a pit on the sabIt was evident that Jesus had it, will bath day, lay he not hold and on existing of despaired over making an its purpose. escape The from Egypt it lift out?

of order. All vestiges in its old the a off. long was way thunderThe is better then a than much How man

go. a decadent form must ings Sinai from it long since is had died sheep? to lawful Wherefore well do

the days. on sabbath away. full vitality of day once A and also cloth of piece seweth a new man No

saith to forth Stretch the he Then man, meaning a had form, become a dead old else that the piece garment: an on new

it thine hand. forth; stretched he And and

it for filled cloak old, taketh hyprocrites, the from a and up away sodebating it like restored as other. whole, was the

. is rent the worse. made ciety. It became to important more the Pharisees out, held Then went and into putteth old wine no And new man spy those on might break the who a council against him, they might how else debottles: the burst the doth wine new

Sabbath than to do good and enlarge stroy him. (Ibid., 12:1014. See also John bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the

the soul. Principle became lost in 5:5-10, Luke 13:1017.) bottles will be marred: but new wine must

method, and method became a perbe put into new bottles. (Ibid., 2:2122.)

version. Not only had they defiled the purpose of God's holy day, but they had Moreover, Israel's own prophets had

foretold even noted and the abandonof the "house made prayer"a "den Jesus At that time the sabbath went on at Sinai. of the as given Sabbath of thieves."Israel 11:17.) (Mark the had ment corn; through disciples his day and

were an hungred, and began to pluck the turned from one bondage to another. Bring no more vain oblations; incense is

ears of corn, and to eat. Lines of precept laid down as guides an abomination unto me; the new moons

the Pharisees But when they saw it, I the calling of assemblies, and sabbaths, said for of a nation slaves, recently deBehold, unto him, disciples that thy do it is iniquity, cannot with; away even the livered, the shackles become had now lawful to is not which the sabbath do upon meeting. solemn

day. (Matt. 12:1-2.) that fettered the progress and spiritual Your new moons and your appointed

And, behold, there was a man which had growth of free men. The perversion (Continued on page 42)

JANUARY 1957 19 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTVII

epare

His Ministry

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

Thely lifefirstofthirtyJesus wereyears spentof the mostlyearthwaythe templehe astoundedof Jerusalemthe learnedwhen menhe wasin humbleIn thishometiny andtown,workin shop,his parents'in the away from public notice in the rebut twelve years of age. surrounding hills, and in the valley

mote town of Nazareth in Galilee The little village of Nazareth is below, the Savior of the world spent where Joseph took him and his mother described by visitors as a happy place. most of his earthly life in preparafollowing their return from Egypt. Built on the side of a hill, it overlooks tion for the three years he would

What we know of his life during this a green valley which opens up from spend teaching the gospel.

period we must glean mainly from our the plain of Esdraelon. A poor town Joseph was a carpenter by trade. It

knowledge of the customs and laws in the main, it must have been the is natural to suppose that Jesus folof the people, from the brief account home of all kinds of people: the good lowed in his footsteps, learning to

of Jesus visiting the temple at the age and the bad, the industrious and the make plows, yokes for the cattle, of twelve, and from an occasional lazy, the humble and the proud. A chests for the houses, and other

statement made in the Gospels.* mountain path which is described as wooden items in demand by the

The nature of the Jewish family rough, steep, and narrow leads into townspeople. That he was a carpenJesus was born into was such as to the village. The scenery is said to ter is also shown by a simple quesdemand certain things of a growing be spectacular. tion asked by his neighbors when he

boy. Respect for parents and elders, The streets of the town, running returned to Nazareth and preached

regular attendance at church, attendone above the other on the hillside, in the synagogue. Astonished at his

ing to prayers, learning a trade, studyare narrow and poorly kept. The wisdom, they asked, "Is not this the

ing and memorizing the scriptures, limestone houses have flat roofs. The carpenter, the son of Mary...?"

and learning to read and write were shops are small. What a happy occasion it must

traits and skills which the Lord Jesus have been for the twelveyear-old started early to develop. boy, when Joseph and Mary told him

There is little likelihood that Jesus they were going to take him to the ever attended a school. In his day in holy city of Jerusalem with them to

the little village in which he lived, attend the Passover week. This celehis mother and father would have bration had been held each year for

been his teachers. Church services centuries in commemoration of the

in the synagogue, of which there angels'passing over the children of seems to have been but one in Israel and not slaying them. This

Nazareth, were held twice during the event took place when Moses and his week as well as on Sunday. These people were still in Egypt as slaves of

meetings generally consisted of prayer the Egyptians.

and reading the scriptures. On occaProbably Joseph, Mary, and Jesus

sions the rabbis would deliver serhad planned this trip for some time.

mons, but this practice did not seem Joseph and Mary attended the celeto have been the rule. bration in Jerusalem each year, but

Jesus was an apt student, but we as far as we know this was the first would expect this of him, with his time Jesus had been permitted to go.

wondrous heritage. His great intelliPassover week comes at the end of

gence was early demonstrated in the March and the beginning of April.

This is spring in the Holy Land, and in this references *Scriptural article are from Matthe country is in its greenest and 1. 2, 3, 4; 2, 3,thew Mark 1; Luke 4; John

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA most beautiful dress. The pilgrims But the events of the week were mother for a lost child. No—theirs

made the trip in large caravans with finally over, and the travelers made was the added responsibility of lookfriends and relatives traveling toready to return home. Camps were ing after the Son of God. One can

gether, not only for their own pleasbroken, the caravans assembled. hear their anxious questions as they

ure, but also for protection from There were undoubtedly thousands hurried from group to group making robbers. of people leaving on the same morning preparations for the night's camp,

The eighty miles between Nazareth to make the homeward trek. Joseph "Have you seen our son?""Hasn't

and Jerusalem made a three or four and Mary may have thought Jesus Jesus been with you?""When did

days'journey, and inasmuch as the was with the other boys or some of you see him last?"

stay in the Holy City was a week in the many relatives and friends in the When they finally realized that he length the travelers were ordinarily company. At any rate, it is not hard was not with the company and that

away from home about two weeks. to understand how amid such conno one had seen him since they left

As they neared the city sacred to fusion a twelveyear-old boy could Jerusalem, they hurried back to the the Jews because it was the center of have been left behind. Perhaps Jesus, Holy City. After frantic searching

their religion and culture, and because already aware of his holy mission, they found him in the temple, "sitting it housed the temple of God, Jesus hurried to have one more visit to his in the midst of the doctors, both hearmust have been thrilled with all that Father's house. He had questions ing them, and asking them questions."

he saw. And so many people! They to ask. He had things to learn. In The searching questions, the inflocked to the celebration of the Passthe temple were the most learned telligence, and the wisdom of this

over by tens of thousands. men in all the land. Such an opportwelve-yearold boy astonished the

The week was a time of great retunity would not come again for learned men. They did not know,

ligious excitement. Ceremonies, ordiyears. Perhaps before he realized it, of course, that they were talking to

nances, and special services were held. the hours had passed, and the carathe Son of God.

For seven days they ate unleavened van was far away. Joseph and Mary were also amazed

bread, and all partook of a yearold Imagine the concern when at the to find him in this situation, and notlamb without blemish, prepared acend of the day's journey Mary and withstanding the joy and relief they cording to instructions given by the Joseph sought Jesus "among their experienced at finding him safe, Mary

Lord to Moses. It was for some of the kinfolk and acquaintances"and did could not resist scolding him mildly.

people the only chance they had durnot find him. Theirs was not only "Son,"she said, "why hast thou thus

ing the entire year to visit the temple. the ordinary concern of a father and dealt with us? behold, thy father

and I have sought thee sorrowing."

Jesus answered with the first of his

The youthful Jesus conferring with the doctors in the temple. (Continued on following page)

—Painting by Heinrich Hofman, photographed by Camera Clix

JANUARY 1957 21 Jesus Prepares for His Ministry

(Continued from preceding page) Elisabeth, had been sent by the Lord worthy to unloose: he shall baptize

words which are recorded in the for this purpose. Knowing the kind of you with the Holy Ghost and with

scriptures: "How is it that ye sought people his parents were, we can asfire."

me? wist ye not that I must be about sume that John's training had been To this John came Jesus. Whether

my Father's business?"similar to that which Jesus received. or not they had met before we know

And Joseph and Mary, still not In every way they would have prenot, but when John saw the Savior able to comprehend the mission of pared him to be the forerunner of the walking toward him, he knew who their son, did not understand the Savior. Further preparing for this he was and said, "Behold the Lamb of

meaning of his question. great honor, John had made his home God, which taketh away the sin of

What did Jesus mean? It is not in the wilderness, eating locusts and the world.

likely that the question "How is it wild honey and wearing clothes made "This is he of whom I said, After that ye sought me?"indicated that of camel hair, and a girdle of leather. me cometh a man which is preferred

Jesus thought they shouldn't have In accordance with the angel's inbefore me: for he was before me."

been looking for him. Perhaps he structions to Zacharias, John's hair When Jesus requested baptism,

meant that they should have known had never been cut in the thirty years "John forebade him, saying, I have immediately where they would find of his life. need to be baptized of thee, and

him. Because of who he was, beThis very colorful character made comest thou to me?"

cause of the great work he had to his appearance at Bethabara, "the But Jesus answered, "Suffer it to be perform, because of his unquenchable house of the crossing"on the Jordan so now: for thus it becometh us to

thirst for learning, they should have River. This is one of the few places fulfil all righteousness."

know, had they thought, that he where the river can be forded and What a great lesson Jesus taught.

would be nowhere but in his Father's may have been where Joshua led the He did. not need to be baptized for the

house. He must be about his Father's children into the Promised Land. remission of his sins, for he had no

business. Numerous travelers and caravans sins. He was the one perfect being

Returning to their home in Nazapassed that way, often making camp who had ever lived upon the earth.

reth, the family resumed its normal over night there. From Bethabara it But baptism and the gift of the Holy

life, and Jesus, loving, obedient son was a good day's journey by foot west Ghost were necessary ordinances for that he was, honored Joseph and and a little south to Jerusalem. all persons entering the kingdom of

Mary and was subject to them. What a wilderness it is! It lies God, or joining the Church, and

The only record of the Savior we nearly four hundred feet below sea Jesus was here to show the way.

have for the following eighteen years, level; dry, hot, barren! So Jesus and John walked out into

is given by Luke in one sentence: John was a fiery and fearless the River Jordan, and Jesus was bap-

"And Jesus increased in wisdom and preacher, calling upon the people to tized, demonstrating to all the world stature, and in favour with God and confess their sins, to repent and be that baptism by immersion is reman."baptized "for the kingdom of God is quired of every person.

But even though his life was comat hand."He called his listeners a After Jesus came up out of the

pletely without sin, the secret of his generation of vipers; he condemned water, an event took place that has

divinity was not known by even his Herod (the ruler of Galilee) for his not been duplicated many times in closest friends and neighbors. sins; he instructed the publicans or the history of the world. The reality

tax collectors to be honest, the soldiers that the Godhead is composed of

The period of seclusion and training to mistreat no one, and all the peothree distinct personages was demon- -*- was over. About thirty years had ple to be charitable and share what strated without any question. The

passed since the Son of God had they had with the poor. Holy Ghost descended upon Jesus in

come to earth to live among men. He must have looked and sounded the form of a dove, and the voice of

Now it was time for him to teach to very much like the prophets of old, the Father from heaven was heard the people of the world the gospel, to and news of him spread quickly over saying: "This is my beloved Son, in

reveal the great plan of salvation, and Palestine. A prophet preaching at whom I am well pleased."1

show through deeds and words how Bethabara! A prophet called the John later testified of this important

men should live and what they should Baptist baptizing in the river Jordan! event saying, "I saw the Spirit debelieve. What a stir this caused among the scending from heaven like a dove,

Bidding goodbye to his home, his people. Since the days of Malachi and it abode upon him.

family, his friends, Jesus made his way they had been waiting to hear the "And I knew him not: but he that

down the steep trail from Nazareth, cry, "Prophet."From Jerusalem, from sent me to baptize with water, the

and turned his steps to the south. His all over Judea, and from other parts same said unto me, Upon whom thou

first task was to teach that baptism of Palestine they came to hear him. shalt see the Spirit descending, and

and the gift of the Holy Ghost, along Was this the promised Messiah? remaining on him, the same is he

with faith and repentance, were esWas this he who would be their king which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost.

sential to joining his Church and and deliver them from their op- "And I saw, and bear record that entering into the kingdom of God. pressors? Was this the Christ? In this is the Son of God."

The stage for this great and imanswer to their questions he said, "I Immediately after the baptism, portant ministry had been well set. indeed baptize you with water; but

John, his second cousin, the son of one mightier than I cometh, the (Continued on page 36)

Zacharias and his mother's cousin latchet of whose shoes I am not sayhis"Thouis accordingart my belovedto Matthew.Son."Mark and Luke

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE LAST Garden by Harold Heifer

was just that Gramp's time It seemed to have come, that's all.

And he was getting pretty old.

His hair was snowy white and, especially lately, his skin seemed to be getting the same way, hardly any color in it at all.

Somehow you could just tell that

Gramp had come to the end of things.

And no one seemed to know it any better than Gramp. It wasn't only

that he didn't stir about much anymore, but he seemed to be waiting now, waiting for everything to get itself over with. In fact, he said to

me one day, "Joev > this is my last garden."If there was anything that Gramp set a store by, it was his garden, especially after Grandma died. And

I guess Gramp had just about the nicest and neatest garden in town;

every blade of grass seemed to be exactly in place, and so were the gladioli and the roses and the tulips and all the other flowers.

Gramp seemed to have become more listless than ever over the winter.

He seemed to sink deeper and deeper into that old worn plush chair of his, as if he wanted to get away even more from the everyday things around him.

And that last week in February it really looked as if the end had come for Gramp. He hardly seemed to

eat any more, and he barely seemed makingAuntarrangements.Dora and oneAndor twothe othersnext thingeven anybodywere in touchknew therewith thewas funeralGramp homefussingandaroundwere

to have the energy left to get in and in the garden again.

out of his chair. Dr. Hobbs dropped

by two or three times that week. You was Gramp fussing around in the ting the bush in shape, just exactly

could tell from the extra solemn way garden again! the way he wanted it, with every

that he acted and from the way the Of course, he wasn't his old self. bud and every flower in just the right

rest of the family kept moving about He seemed stiff and jerky, almost and proper position, something which as if they were on tiptoes and giving like a mechanical man. What had took about two or three days, of

each other quick glances that this happened was that the rosebush had course, when the daffodils began was one of the last visits Dr. Hobbs begun to bloom. It was somewhat pushing themselves up.

ever expected to make on Gramp. As unexpected, but then the weather had Now some people don't like daffo-

a matter of fact, Aunt Dora and one been unseasonably warm. Of course, dils, and try to get rid of them, almost

or two others were even in touch the bush had to be pruned and as if they were crab grass, but Gramp with the funeral home and were maksprayed and so forth, and so that's loved to see the small yellow flowers ing funeral arrangements. And the*n, what Gramp was doing. popping up all around, and he was

the next thing anybody knew, there Well, he'd hardly got through get- (Continued on page 62)

JANUARY 1957 23 se

From The Improvement Era, Vol. 3, page 540ff.

Regard for the Priesthood the government which he represents.

A TALK TO THE YOUNG MEN Theis the treatmenttreatment whichwhich hehis receivescountry

BY THE SENIOR EDITOR receives. There is responsibility on

both sides which honor demands shall

President Joseph F. Smith be held sacred. They who break such

trusts, private or public, are cast out riesthood is the agency but I send a messenger to my friend, and dishonored of men.

of God delegated to those delegated to deliver my message to From these simple illustrations, if who are called by auhim. He goes, and is received with you get the idea which is sought to be

thority to officiate in the joy. He is treated to the best of conveyed, you may readily compreordinances of the gospel. everything. My friend receives him hend the relation which men having

"The Melchizedek Priesthood holds because of me, and honors his word as the priesthood, which is the agency the right of presidency, and has power if I spoke, because of me. My mesof God, hold between God and man;

and authority over all the offices in senger delivers my message. He does and understand both what is their

the church in all ages of the world, not misrepresent me. As a man, he responsibility and the responsibility

to administer in spiritual things."regards me too highly for that, and of those to whom they, as such agents,

(D & C 107:8.) would not think of proving recreant are sent. Quoting again from the

Even if it is not possible to reto his trust and to the confidence Doctrine and Covenants (84:3539):

gard men for the men themselves, which I have imposed in him. Even "And also all they who receive this

if they hold the priesthood, they so in many of the common affairs of Priesthood receive me, saith the Lord;

should be regarded on that account. our lives, we would not think of prov- "For he that receiveth my servants

God will not permit unworthy men ing false to the simple trusts which receiveth me;

to long officiate with this authority. we impose in each other. We regard "And he that receiveth me reWhat is priesthood? Priesthood is the responsibilities of both the receiveth my Father;

the authority which God delegates to ceiver and the deliverer of messages "And he that receiveth my Father, men upon the earth to act in his between man and man. receiveth my Father's kingdom; therename. "And,"as we are told in Should we not, then, prove even fore all that my Father hath shall be

the Doctrine and Covenants (68:4), more true to the things entrusted to given unto him;

"whatsoever they shall speak when us of God! It is the same in govern- "And this is according to the oath

moved upon by the Holy Ghost shall ments. An ambassador speaks in the and covenant which belongeth to the

this, as far as thebe scripture, shall be the will of the name of his country, and his words priesthood."Now

Lord, shall be the mind of the Lord, are received by the government to people are concerned to whom the and the word of the Lord, shall be the which he speaks as the words of the priesthood is sent. Under such convoice of the Lord, and the power of country which he represents. Recreditions and promises, how can any

God unto salvation."It is a wonance to his trust would soon place person justify himself in disregardderful responsibility and a very him in the way of trouble; and if the ing the servants of God who hold the

precious allotment to any person country to which he delivers his mesHoly Priesthood? In doing so, such

who has thus been blessed of God sage will not listen, the result is persons show disrespect to the agents with this agency. And likewise, there the s'ame as if it would not listen to of God, and cast aside the message

is responsibility placed upon those of the Lord, their greatest true and who shall reject this authority, or who living friend. They act with God

shall treat it lightly, or who shall disas they would not think of acting regard it. with their friends and associates. Shall

I have a friend living in a distant we not act as honorably with God country. I cannot go to him myself, and the messages which he conveys

to us through authorized agents, as with our fellow men? Someone may

An object and say that the agent has faults, that he is only a man, that

Improvement like all men he is imperfect, and therefore is not worthy of our respect.

EEPRINT Suchthen argumentcould we isrespectwrong. amongFor whoour

friends? Are not all men subject to

weaknesses and imperfections? No;

rather let us argue that being the

{Continued on page 40) President Joseph F. Smith

6th President of the Church and 1st Editor of The Improvement Era 24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE BIBLE COMES TO LIFE

. AT THIS ZOO

by B. G. Neirboff

that this land had previously been allotted to a veterans'housing estate.

The zoo had to move.

A wood on Mount Scopus, overlooking both old and new Jerusalem and having a view of the hills of

Moab and Edom and the Dead Sea in the dim distance, was the next site for his zoo. The animals hardly had

time to feel at home in their new surroundings when the IsraeliArab war started.

Food and water were scarce in the city, which was under fire, yet zoo attendants came at night, creeping 3y linking real animals and growing plants with the Bible, to keep from being seen as moving

Jerusalem's zoo is a wonderland of living scripture. targets, to feed the animals. After

the Arab Legion cut the road to

Mount Scopus, the zoo's staff felt

Little Foxes may be merely to children. Since he was a student forced to turn the harmless animals

leftThethe title of a once popular play and of the Bible, he was aware of the loose to fend for themselves. All

movie to the average American, many animals in its pages who helped except the deer, which remained in but almost every child in Jerusalem human beings. These animal heroes, the woods they regarded as home.

knows the phrase had its origin in Daniel's lion, Balaam's ass, Elijah's The zoo's future was not overSong of Solomon. (2:15.) Not only ravens, Noah's dove among them were looked in the negotiations for the

can they quote chapter and verse centuries dead, but their living IsraelJordan armistice. The old site

Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that counterparts could be found in on Mount Scopus was not available secinto city after the was divided Palestine. By apcentury twentieth also lead they canspoil the vines—but Schnelacres tions. known as Twelve love of animals, children's to just pealing in which to a cagethe visitor

such foxes as the ancient author deDr. Shulov felt he could quicken their ler Woods in Israel's section were set

scribed are housed. Those with which interest in the Bible. aside for the zoo. Here it was rethey are familiar live in the city's His unique zoo was started in his located just inside the boundary beBiblical Zoo, probably the only one own back yard. The first inhabitants, tween Israel and the kingdom of Jorof its kind in the world. housed in wooden crates, were four dan. From this location the visitor

Jerusalem's children have an unmonkeys, a vulture, an eagle, some can see both the ancient tomb of the usual ability to quote scripture, not lizards, and a few rabbits. A wolf Prophet Samuel on one of the Judean

because they spend more time in Bible and leopard captured in the city limits hills and the tall modern masts of school than American youngsters, but were donated to the zoo. Then Dr. Radio Ramallah.

because they never tire of visiting the Shulov's neighbors began to complain Only once since this last reestab- zoo where every cage and wire enof the noise. City authorities became lishment has the zoo nearly caused

closure bears a plaque identifying the aware of his project through their an international incident. In early

occupant and relating it to the Bible complaints. 1951 a pair of rare Syrian bears

with a verse printed in both Hebrew Officials approved his plan to build escaped and headed for the nearby and English. a Bible zoo, and he was given several Jordan lines. The female returned of

Six years before Israel became a acres away from the center of the city her own volition, but the keepers had nation Dr. Aharon Shulov, professor for use. Lions, panthers, foxes, several sleepless nights before Dr. Shuof zoology at Jerusalem University, jackals, and porcupines were added lov succeeded in persuading the male

conceived the idea of combining anito his Biblical animal kingdom. In a to follow his mate back to the zoo.

mals with scriptural texts to appeal few months, however, he was notified (Concluded on page 63)

JANUARY 1957 25 There Were JaredHes by Dr. Hugh Nibley

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

character who appears uniformly in conducted by the established rules

OUR OWN PEOPLE an unfavorable light.'Who was the of chivalry. This is well illustrated

was Continued worst of the Jaredites—Akish? Ripin the career of Corintumr, who

with his combat in a single matShiz? lakish? wounded Coriantumr? No

excellent idea,"said Blank, he dispatched rival Shared, will find whom you one you pick ter which as he had briefcase hisAntaking to hand fought then he pity as to (13:2731); inclined as much first yourself his night of the done on next and (14:3-8), with Gilead nor a hand deny to hate him; can you

meeting with F. "Let us begin at the grudging admiration for the ferocious with Lib (14:1216). Finally he met

beginning. and abandoned heroism of these terhis bitterest rival, Shiz, in a number

"Ether starts out on the keynote rible warriors who, though they know of faceto-face combats. (14:30,

of all epics, the two factors which they are doomed, continue, like 15:30.) Since in heroic ages one beaccording to Kramer are 'primarily Milton's Lucifer, to shout defiance comes a leader by proving his prowess

responsible for the more characterisand pursue one another with fierce in open competition, personal rivalry tic features of the... heroic ages,'and unrelenting energy to the end."and ambition are the ordinary and

namely, the scattering and wandering The behavior of the heroes in the accepted motives for war and need disintegration and the peoples of the civilization.'- of world And here we epicsas we ishave"oftenseen,childishand evenandthe brutal,"noblest historyno excuse.the perennialThroughoutsourceour ofJareditestrife

have it: '... Jared came forth with of them is not beneath gaining an and bloodshed is the purely personal

his brother... at the time the Lord advantage by some underhanded rivalry between great leaders, and so

... swore in his wrath that they trick. The career of Akish in the it is in all epic literature.

should be scattered upon all the face eighth to tenth chapters of Ether is Jaredite society, like every other of the earth; and... the people were a perfect illustration of this, although heroic society, is a feudal organization

scattered.'(Ether 1:33.) They went others are just as bad. On the other bound together by an elaborate sysforth with their flocks and herds, hand, in true epic "a dignified and tem of oaths. This is indispensable

friends, and families (1:41), all alike fastidious tone"prevails in the dealto the survival of the society in which

torn up by the roots and driven out ings of these men with each other, the followers of a chief are a free of the land (1:38), but still hoping, and strict rules of chivalry are obranging, mounted nobility, always on

like every heroic people, to become served, especially in war and duels-. the loose and free to serve anyone

'a great nation'and equal or surpass So we are told in Ether how Shiz and they choose. The oath is the only

all others."(1:43.) Coriantumr pitch formal camps and possible control over such men. We

"Philip de Comines gives us an in- "invite"each other's armies forth to are clearly told in the book of Ether teresting commentary on that last combat by regulated trumpet blasts that the terrible oaths and conjurapoint,"F. interrupted, "when he tells (14:28), exchange letters in an attions behind every ambitious project

us that by the laws of chivalry it is tempt to avoid needless bloodshed for power and gain were imported dithe solemn duty of every nation and (15:4-5, 18), and rest at night withrectly from the Old World. (8:9,

the same time, loymonarchothers—a torulebecomewhichgreatermakes thanwar theall outfightingattemptingonly at theto attackproper eachand agreedother, 22;1518,14:8,22ff;etc.)9:5,At26f, 10:33; 11:7, 15,

natural state of things. A state of times. (15:8, 2126.) As in all epics, alty must be bought with a price. To

chronic warfare was thus the heritage including Ether, "the waging of war attract and hold followers every great of the Middle Ages from the times of is not incidental but essential to the lord must be generous with his gifts migration."30 heroic way of life."A great chief and promises. In Ether loyalty is

"Strictly in keeping with the epic gains "power over all the land"only bought by "cunning words"(8:2)

tradition,"Blank continued, "the hisafter he has "gained power over many and by gifts. (9:1 Of; 10:10.) By such

tory of the Jaredites is presented in cities,"and "burned many cities,"means in heroic societies great chiefs the form of a royal genealogy; the (14:17) in the best Homeric fashion. attempt to "draw off"each other's

book of Ether is in fact simply a runAgain, as in all true epics, every supporters. This is a commonplace

ning commentary on a genealogy, scene in the book of Ether takes place in the book of Ether. (7:14, 15; 9:11;

with Moroni doing most of the comeither on the battlefield (as in chap10:32.) Gangs were quickly formed

menting. The story opens with a ters 13 to 15), in the court (as in the and dissolved, and each regarded itlong list of royal names, and all that tales of intrigue, chs. 7 to 12), or in self as an independent society whose

follows is a continuation and expanthe wilderness, where hunting and own aggrandizement was the only sion of that list. In dealing with its hiding play almost as conspicuous a law, "every man with his band fightheroes, many of whom are 'overpart as fighting. (Ether 2:6-7; 3:3; ing for that which he desired."

sized'figures either for good or for evil 14:4,7; 10:21.) Fighting takes the (13:25.) Even an unpopular prophet

in the best heroic manner, the book proper heroic form of the single comcould seek and find personal safety of Ether scrupulously observes the bat between heroes, with the personal under the protection of a great chief rule that in the true epic 'there is no feud as its motive, the contest being (11:2), and an unpopular leader

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA could be liquidated by an uprising, of the "saga period."The fights in taken a solemn oath to die in defense

no matter what his claim to the Ether are nearly all family feuds, of his person, in theory the king had throne, "and his descendants... sordid quarrels between warring to be the last to go, and in practice he

driven out of the land."(10:8.) kings, ambitious sons, and avenging sometimes actually was. The only

To defray the expenses of lavish brothers (8:2ff, 5ff; 7:4, 1316; 8:9fT, way to get around that sometimes inand necessary giftgiving, the lords 12; 10:3-4; 11:4; etc.), though typicalconvenient rule was by another rule

of all heroic ages engage in a sysly Asiatic complications, must have which dissolved the nation autotematic and perfectly honorable busibeen introduced by polygamy, an inmatically on the death of the king, ness of plunder and exaction. It is stitution reported quite casually by as if all had been destroyed with him.

their prerogative to try to grab whatEther (14:2) and thoroughly typical In such cases all the former subjects

ever does not belong to them already, of the early heroic periods. The worst of a king would automatically become

and that includes the seizure and plot of all in Ether is engineered by the subjects of his conqueror. 31

holding of one another's persons for a woman, who employs as her "doit- "But there is one thing that puzransom. The Jaredite brothers, Shez yourself"guide to the art of murder zles me,"said F. when the friends

and Riplakish, show us this free comcertain books of the ancients brought were together for the last time.

petitive economy in action: Shez was over from the Old World. (8:9-10.) "Where is the archaeological -record

well on the way to taking the kingdom As we have seen, nothing is more typifor all this?"

away from his father, thanks to his cal of the postheroic saga times of "I am glad you asked that,"Blank "exceeding riches,"when those same settling down after the migrations replied. "People are prone to expect

riches got him killed by a robber. than these terrible women and their any civilization described in the rec-

(10:2-3.) Riplakish paid for his royal criminal ambitions—the Greek trageords as great and mighty to leave bemagnificence by oppressive taxation dies like the Norse sagas are full of hind majestic ruins. The mighty

and extortion, which resulted in getthem, and they are not lacking in piles of Egypt and Babylon have ting him, too, assissinated. (10:5-8.) any heroic literature. (Chadwick, pp. fooled us into thinking that the greatEveryone grabbed what he could, and 90f.) When Chadwick describes a ness or even the existence of a civilizanothing was safe (14:1), with every typical epic cycle as "little more than tion is to be judged by its physical

strong man leading his own gang to a catalogue of the crimes committed remains. Nothing could be further

plunder. (13:2526.) As to the reby one member [of the ruling family] from the truth. The greatness of a

taining of each other's persons in honagainst another,"and further decivilization consists in its institutions, orable captivity, nothing is more scribes those crimes as particularly and as Professor Coon has recently characteristic of heroic ages or more horrible in nature, we need not apoloobserved, 'institutions leave no easily familiar to the readers of Ether. (7:7; gize for the book of Ether, either for detected archaeological remains.'32

8:3-4; 10:4, 15, 30:31; 11:9, 19, 18, neglecting or overdoing that sort of This has led even the experts to over23.) thing. look the importance and sometimes

The feudal contract on which every Relatively early in Jaredite history the existence of heroic or epic worlds."

heroic society is based is before all a, war of extermination took place, "Or rather,"Professor Schwulst else a mutual obligation of fief and leaving only thirty survivors "and amended, "it led them for many years overlord to avenge wrongs done to they who fled with the house of to assume that there was no alternathe other. The book of Ether is full Omer."(9:12.) A general war of all tive in early history between complete

of this. The sons of Omer, for exagainst all in the Asiatic manner savagery or sedentary life in farms

ample, "were exceedingly angry"nearly wiped out the race again "in and cities. Actually the ancients were

against Jared for stealing their father's the days of Shiblom"(11:7), and committed to neither type of life.

throne, and "did raise an army"and "utter destruction"was promised by But because farmers and citydwellers force him to give it back again> the prophets unless the people leave remains behind them while the (8:2-6.) In the same way "the sons changed their ways. (11:20.) Finally, nomads do not, they have always reof Coriantumr... did beat Shared, in the last great war, the destruction ceived the credit for coming first. As

and did obtain the kingdom again was systematic and thorough, the Professor Childe observes here: 'The

unto their father,"(13:24) in whose people laboring under what the nature of the archaeological evidence

interest they "fought much and bled Greeks called the spell of Ate, as if is liable to favor this view unduly;

much."(13:19.) But this same Corithey were determined, no matter herdsmen living in tents and using

antumr had to reckon with equal what happened, to accomplish their bone tools and leather vessels leave devotion when it was directed against own annihilation. (14:1925.) The few remains behind them,'and so

himself at a time when the brother whole population was cut down to wherever the remains of the first of Lib "had sworn to avenge himself fiftynine souls (15:25), and these civilization turn up it is a hundredto-

... of the blood of his brother"slew each other in the best heroic one chance that they will have been

(14:24), whom Coriantumr had killed fashion, leaving the two kings as the left by townspeople or cultivators, who

in single combat during a battle. last survivors. This is not a fantastic thus get all the credit for founding

(14:16.) Blood vengeance is obviouscoincidence at all. We have seen civilization. 33 Actually a little rely the rule in this as in other heroic that the common and established flection will show that they cannot

societies, where it touches off those rule of heroic warfare demanded that have come first, and today scholars long tragic feuds that make up so the king be the last survivor in any are agreed in describing the first much of the epic literature, especially conflict. Since the entire host had (Continued on page 41)

JANUARY 1957 27 hunger would be worse if he so much as stretched his undernourished legs to a cooler spot between the sheets.

He tried to remember back through his ten years to the last time there had been plenty of food. It seemed

such a long time, and his only memories were of the many days of hunger in between.

He could hear Moe, the mother, downstairs setting the table for breakfast and knew that the usual tarwekoeken was cooking on the small potlike stove which had been especially made to save fuel during the war.

Small as it was, there was often not enough wood, and then all their food was eaten cold. He remembered last

evening, when, under cover of the rain, he had ventured into the forbidden woods and gathered a few twigs so that this morning the tarwekoeken could be cooked. There were

many dangers in the woods. Besides

the land mines, there was always the fear of the searching beam of a patroling Nazi soldier's flashlight. Their

orders were to shoot on sight anyone found out after dark. Last night,

under cover of the gathering darkness,

Jan had quickly gathered the precious twigs and hid them under his shirt. Silently he started down the

path which led away from the forest, but just as he rounded a curve, a flash of lightning penetrated the branches of the trees, and he stood face to face with a blond Nazi soldier.

Fright rose in Jan's throat as if a leather thong had suddenly been wrapped around it. His knees trembled, and his arms clutched the

branches under his shirt until the—Illustrated by Farrell R. Collett

Silently Jan started down the path which led away from the forest, but just as he rounded a curve, a flash of lightning penetrated the trees, and he stood face to face with a blond Nazi soldier.

DIEAND SHOULD WE by Klea Evans Worsley

This Sunday began for Jan just Koenen's and Winkel's homes across sharp twigs almost cut the skin. But

like every other Sunday since the the narrow street. His eyes watched the soldier turned and disappeared

Nazi occupation of Holland. Yesthe dancing patterns the leaves of the with quick steps down a bypath, his

terday a misty rain lasted far into the old eik tree made on the weathered military boots thudding on the hardevening, but this morning the sun bricks. packed ground.

woke him through the casement winWith complete awakening came the Gradually the tension left Jan's dow, and the sky was as blue as the awareness of hunger, hunger that was frail body. It was quite dark. Maybe

shimmering sea behind the dikes. never quite satisfied by the meager the soldier hadn't seen him. But

Without moving his head from the rations allowed under the occupation. this was hard to believe. Jan had

snowy pillow, he could see the huge The small Dutch boy lay still for a even been able to recognize that blond chimney which served both the moment because he knew that the hair and remembered that he had 28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA seen the soldier twice before. Jan little girls, they sometimes cut them and how it had been on Sundays becouldn't quite recall where, but someshort, but today was Sunday, and fore the war. Everything had been

thing had made him remember. Father always prayed on Sunday. so different then. For breakfast Moe

The gentle rain began again. With Jan greeted his mother with the usual cooked often the little pannenkoeken

renewed caution Jan held the light kiss just above one ear, where Jan loved. Sometimes she baked

branches inside his shirt and raced her shining blond hair was brushed poffertjes for Marietje and Corry, and for home. up and into a roll at back. always the gortenpap for Va. After

Now, as the morning sun crept "Call Va and Marietje and Corry, breakfast they used to put on their higher, he could hear Va talking to or the tarwekoeken will be cold, and best clothes and walk along the beauhis little sisters in the next room, and you will have had all your risk for tiful park that lined the Singel canal, knew that his father was helping nothing."But there was no need to as the family leisurely made their way

them prepare for prayers. The boy call because down the stairs came the to the railway station. At Schagen

was being allowed to sleep late after father, the two wellscrubbed little there was a happy meeting with the his adventure of the night before. But sisters each holding tightly to a De Bruins, and at most of the stops

Jan knew that Va would feel badly hand as they skipped down two and along the way other Saints joined if he were not present for morning three steps at a time. them: all with one destination—to

prayer, and Moe would want him to As was the custom each morning, meet together and worship God and have the cereal while it was hot. they took their places around the learn more of this gospel the young

As he began to dress, he heard the table and dropped to their knees. Va missionaries had brought to Holland.

military click of a Nazi patrol comwas a spiritual man. Sometimes it Jan felt a sharp pain in his left

ing down the cobblestones of the was hard for Jan to understand what knee, and he shifted his position to street. At the sound of the spiked his father found to speak about for so ease the ache. As if it were a signal,

boots, all movement in the house long during the prayer. It was often the prayer was finished, and the boy

stopped abruptly. At such times the difficult to keep his thoughts from climbed stiffly onto his chair. He

heartbeats always seemed to stop for wandering. Now and then his mind looked across at his father and was

the space of a few seconds until the came back to the words Va was sayinstantly sorry that he had let histread of boots had passed. Each ing—"Help us to understand those thoughts wander during the prayer.

time there was the fear that they who oppress us, and remember that He loved Va so much, and this mornwould turn and approach the big they, too, are our brothers—"Yes, ing he looked very tired. Jan knew

front door, with its colored glass Va was always teaching them to love he had been at the piano working on panes and delicately designed fantheir enemies. Suddenly, Jan's hunsome orchestra music until late the

light. Jan remembered how they had ger was almost more than he could night before. It was much more tirtaken Mynheer Koenen and Mynheer endure. Love thine enemies? Love ing with the dim oil lamp, and each

Rezelman and Oome Jaap. those swaggering, arrogant troopers day the lines beside his eyes were

As the sound of marching feet bewho made life so miserable for them? deeper.

came more faint, the household reLove the trim, smartly uniformed sumed the breakfast preparations. horde who had come into their peaceJan slowly ate the tarwekoeken

They were used to these interrupful country and made life one conand slice of sticky black bread, maktions. Always the fear was there, but tinuous nightmare of terror? Love ing the bites as small as the gnawing

they had learned to put this fear the forces that had brought this hunger would allow, so that it would aside as soon as the danger was past, hunger to his stomach? But Jan must last as long as possible. His thoughts

pretending that it had never been. not think of this while Va was praywere grave this morning; the war had

his him older made and wiser than Father, our "and remember the stairs wondown Jan hurried ing—years. as he had He wondered, in Saints until deardering stand if he could Den Helder the hunger we ten

until after prayers. On other days can meet with them again...."so often, how Va could keep from bewhen it was his turn or one of the Jan could remember Den Helder ing bitter about their enemies. Jan

hated them. Not only because of

his own and the family's hunger, but he also hated them for things which he did not clearly understand—for

making Moe turn so white whenever the Nazi patrol came prancing down the street; for keeping Va from doing

all the wonderful things with his music that he had begun before the war; for the look on Moe's face when

they searched the house and took the silverware which had belonged to her

OvergrootMoeder. But Va didn't

seem to hate them. Jan wondered if

it was because of his music, which had meaning and beauty for all peoples, or was it what Va and Moe called "the gospel,"which Jan didn't really understand yet.

(Continued on page 60) JANUARY 1957 29 Genealogy

Our

Ducloux

Genealogical

Problem

by Mrs. Julian R. Stephens

one of which was my grandmother,

Sophia Julia Ducloux Jones.

At the close of the Civil War my greatgrandparents returned to Mount

Vernon and lived a happy life until

Maurice was shot December 19, 1874, and died a few days later. The family

was planning for a gay Christmas.

The turkeys were in the coop, waiting

Ducloux Family Tree, compiled by Abbe Alfred Ducloux. for the feast. Preparations were going forward rapidly. Maurice had

gone to Mobile, 36 miles south of

presents and supplies. Arriving at theMY Marygreatgrandmother,Ann Romriel, joinedFannythe withFrenchmanMauricefromDucloux,Mount a Vernon,young Mount Vernon, to buy Christmas

Church with her family in 1849 Alabama. Having heard Fannie was depot he stepped into a little cafe

at St. Johns, Jersey Isle, England. It of French descent, he sought her and store, the keeper of which was a

is a small island situated in the chancompany. Their acquaintance defriend of his. A quarrel was going

nel between England and France. veloped into friendship and then into on between this man and another

The language spoken there is French. matrimony. They were married friend. Maurice stepped between

In the early part of April 1855, the August 19, 1859, in Salt Lake City. the two quarreling men to make peace.

Romriel family left Jersey Isle for At the outbreak of the Civil War, Just then a gun flashed, and Maurice

Salt Lake City. Maurice's family sent for him to rewas shot. He was taken to his home

My greatgrandfather, Maurice turn to Mount Vernon, Alabama, to in Mount Vernon, and just before

Ducloux, was a soldier in the Expehelp in the arsenal situated there. Christmas he died. Fannie then dedition of 18571858, known as So he and Fannie went to Alabama. cided to go back to her people and

Johnston's Army, which came to Salt While living in the South, Fannie to the gospel which she knew to be

Lake City. He was a blacksmith and witnessed many trying scenes. When true so that her children could be

master gunsmith. Fannie Mary Ann war conditions demanded that all taught true principles.

left home in the early part of 1859 mechanics in and around Alabama Papa Pierre, Maurice's stepfather, to work for some people who were go to Pensacola, Florida, to repair accompanied Fannie Mary Ann to taking in work from the soldiers of war equipment, Maurice, went with Utah to help her with her children.

Johnston's Army in the way of washthem. Fannie followed soon after They arrived in January and went

ing, ironing, and sewing. It was at and lived there for a number of years. to live with her parents at Five

this time that she became acquainted While there she had three children, Points. In May Papa Pierre died;

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had in their files any record of the shooting of Maurice Ducloux in 1873.

They could find no record but sent her the name of Ernestine Ducloux, who was in the Mount Vernon directory. Knowing that our relatives

were Catholic, she wrote in July 1953 to the Catholic Father at Mount

Vernon, Alabama. After a while she

received a letter from Mrs. Lena Ivey,

Mount Vernon, Alabama. She said

she had been handed Jeri's letter and was happy to answer it because her mother (age 90), who was still living, was a daughter of Maurice's brother James Ducloux and could remember playing with Sophia Julia and her sisters when they were children and lived in Mount Vernon.

The Ducloux family home, Faverois, France. My family was so thrilled at this

news that it was decided that the last week in September 1953 my the trip had been too strenuous for In 1952 I became interested in father, Eugene Ducloux Jones, mother, him. The only information I could genealogy. I enjoyed every minute I brother Ducloux, and I would visit our

find about him from my family was spent visiting relatives and copying relatives in Alabama. We wanted

that his name was Papa Pierre. their records to see how far back my to see just what genealogical inFannie later married Charles Sinpedigree could be extended. My formation they would have, and we

gleton. My grandmother Sophie mother's lines (she was Florence were very happy to make contact

Julia never forgot her father Maurice. Child) were extended back to the again as we had had no association

1500's and 1600's, but my father's with the Duclouxs in Alabama since

Ducloux line was back only to 1838. my grandmother's death.

About the time I became interested We enjoyed visiting the South and in family research, my brotherin-law meeting our relatives, all of whom

Edison (Ted) Harris was put on the lived on the little main street of genealogical committee at Layton. He Mount Vernon. They were just as

and his wife Florence (Jeri) Jones happy to meet us. We were told how

enrolled in the genealogical Sunday Joe Cannon (he owned the grocery

School class. Here they were enstore and was married to Kathryn

Abbe Alfred couraged to correspond and try to Ducloux, granddaughter of James

Ducloux find relatives where contacts had not Ducloux and sisterin-law of Ernesbeen made for years. So Jeri wrote tine Ducloux) acquired Jeri's letter.

to the Mobile Press and asked if they (Continued on page 38)

After her marriage to James H. Jones

she wished to visit her relatives in

Alabama for genealogical information but never seemed able to. She

also wrote letters inquiring about her father's people. In 1905 my grandmother and grandfather went to the

Salt Lake Temple and did endowment work for her father Maurice, his mother Mary Ann, his father

Nicolas, and Papa Pierre. Finally

Sophia Julia's health became poor, and she asked my Uncle Charles to take over her genealogy and fix a record book, which he did until his death in 1942. My grandmother

died in 1928. Family tradition was

that the Duclouxs came to New Orleans from AlsaceLorraine. Searches

were made at New Orleans and at

Metz, France, but no leads or connections could be found. Looking toward the family home of the Ducloux, Faverois, France.

JANUARY 1957 31 from 1847 to 1869, a scant two dozen remain to say they crossed the plains

BLUE PLUM MORNINGS ofby suchcoveredclassicwagon.caliberMenareandas womenbeacon

lights to future generations. They

by Ilene Hanks Kingsbury came as a valued part of a colonization program probably not equaled in history—more than 350 settlements

all began the day Grandma and only a few freshly dried pounds of in thirty years—think of it, one a

It I were weeding a row of radishes; plums were put in flour sacks for the month, year in, year out! It is diffibut I refer to it as my blue plum winter's eating. The dignified limbs cult to estimate the organizational

morning. Yes, I was quite grown up looked a little out of pocket, Grandma effort, by one united group, that went

for twelve. I was overly oldfashioned said. Younger hearts planned doing into such an ambitious project. These

as a teenager; in fact, I fancied I over, "Mother's south walk, and let's survivors of that era impress one with

had cut my eyeteeth long since. Howcut down those old plums."Perhaps the fact that they were not daunted!

ever, I tired fast and on the next you have already guessed it! The Sincerity marked their brows. Nothdown row managed to slouch in the threescore year's memory of planting ing—depression, deprivation, death

shade of a venerable blue plum tree. with a baby on one hip saved that could stir them to ignoble deeds or

Its crusty bark caught my braids, and row of gnarled nourishment—Grandscathing denouncements of our day

Grandma had to all but cut me loose. ma's symbol of harvest. or age.

Right then, she too sat down nearIn their shade, crunching a radish by. Her back rested on the trunk of and loving the Welsh lilt of GrandShe said her father carried her

the next patriarchal fruit bearer. ma's sentences, I was given a deteracross the plains on his shoulders.

And right then, also, began an admination, almost sacred in its dedicaOthers came in a covered wagon, venture for me that has grown more tion, to hear all the pioneer story. pushed handcarts, or walked barefoot

exciting over a thirtyyear period. Since that blue plum morning I for a thousand miles; but Annie, at

Before I realized it, she was well into have visited, interviewed, and jotted three, was hoisted to the broad shoulrecalling a day sixtytwo years before no.es on scores of that diminishing ders of this parent who took care of

when with her firstborn infant balband of stalwarts. I can state withher as both mother and father.

anced on her hip and the free hand out equivocation that no facet of their steadying a blue plum cutting, she life has escaped me. Laura confided to me that on her

had aided her husband as he shoveled The:e valiant personages represent hundredth birthday, with attention

dirt around the tender roots. That day a distinguished historical host: They heaped on her head by dignitaries

they gave to the red Iron County earth are survivors of the covered wagon representing church and state, noth- a row of shadegiving, fruitbear- era. They all came to the "Valley"ing could make up for her disappointing, gardendecorating trees. Eight the hard way—the ox team train ing fifteenth birthday on the plains.

other little ones blessed their union, mode of transportation. After 1869 Her father would not let her attend

and all received shade, fruit, and it was the iron horse with chug, the party in her honor. It was imbeauty as their legacy. whistle, and cinder that brought the proper for young girls to dance in

However, in my childhood the "believers."But these original piothe evening, said he.

generously fruitful years had tapered neers came far before that date. Of The encircled wagons protectingly

off, the branches were thinning, and 86,000 who walked the Mormon trail gave security from marauders, animal 32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or human. The fiddle lifted weary alight was wearing my shoes and ing the dishes. I opened the back

heels in a jig or a round; and firelight stockings! And when my eyes travdoor, grabbed the dishpan, and made

half disclosed smiles, shawls, and eled up to a face that had seen death for the step. Why, I almost threw

sturdy silhouettes lightly moving to on the barren stretches, imagine my the dishwater in a young man's face!

a folkway's rhythm. But the teenfulness of joy to recognize my girlHe fell in love with me at that moager, forced by convention to almost hood friend from England whom I ment, and soon we were married."

cower in the wagon, said to herself, had not seen in twelve years. My

"If I live to be a hundred I'll never feet were not cold then!"Behind Clarissa trudged more than

forget my party I couldn't go to!"5JC )f. 3f 5 3fs 5,000 men, women, and children,

And that same Annie of the patient, plain companies of 1864. Now she

aWfrfltfjappOMMW plodding parent who carried her on sat, ripe in years, sole survivor of his shoulders had lived in every sort those companions of the endless of abode devised by man—a dugout prairie dust and bleeding feet on

in a river bank, a willowcovered sort sagebrush slopes. At first she shrugof cage, a log leanto, an adobe, ged, saying, "Nothing ever happened

thickwalled, a frame cottage, and to me."

brick security from wind and rain. So I talked on about pioneer houseWhile she described her "shelters,"keeping. Whereupon she volunas she called them, I sensed an almost teered, "I had a new broom every day.

bragging attitude: She was proud of Sagebrush."When I wondered

her frontier struggle to get a roof over whether cedar logs kept out gusts of her head. mountain sleet, she remembered tearAnd there was Ellen, withered body,

white halocoiled beauty above her brow, and gnarled fingers testifying to thousands of tub and board washings! One looked at those hands that

had pitted barrels of dried fruit and pondered on service.

She said to me, "I never put on new shoes or stockings without remembering a grievous night in October 1856. The brethren came to our This highmettled lady of the fully, "Oh my, yes, they were warm,

door asking for food and clothing to mountain valleys was never afraid especially if you kept the hearth supply the tragically stranded handof anything. She passed that test, glowing and wore enough petticoats.

cart pioneers on the Mormon trail. at three, lashed to the mast of a sailBut the chinks had to be filled with

And while my husband was saying ing vessel in the north Atlantic crosssod, threecornered slabs of saw logs we had nothing to give, I slipped ofT ing. This saved her life so her father or grass or rags. I can just see my

my only shoes and stockings and could say in later years that he carwhitewashed cabin, the first fancy handed them over. Strangely, I did ried her a thousand miles on his willdecoration in our settlement. How

not notice the cold of the tramped ing shoulders. clean they looked, those rough walls,

dirt floor of our cabin. And in a few and how proud I felt! And the first

days I understood why, or how, a gift Industriously knitting for a greatsummer rain leaked through the roof to the needy can warm oneself. grandchild was Aunt Margaret. When of boards, thatch, and mud. Red

"We waited at the roadside to see I asked her how she met Uncle Rob, streaks of Iron County soil tinted the the piteous victims of the early snows she raised an eyebrow and clicked whitewash with vermillion. That

as they were escorted into the Salt her tongue and almost laughed out day I knew my efforts to put on airs

Lake Valley. The first woman to loud. "Well, I had just finished wash- (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1957 33 "Mostly I think of the waterless

Blue Plum Mornings days but for really being bothered by (Continued from preceding page) long rope of it, and hastily tied the water, I think it was that last three had been of no avail."youngster to the foot of the bed. With miles of Last Creek. You know, we

Give these pioneers an inch, and a curse he was gone, eager to view the call it Emigration Canyon now. Well,

they'll take a mile, I thought. I tried blazing home! eighteen times we crossed that really

to change the trend. "Tell me what Night mercifully sheltered the sick miserable little trickle. Jolt, lurch,

you did in camp at night,"I asked. mother and frightened child. They crack the bullwhip, scream to little

And then followed her most exciting both lived to remember that night of brother to walk not so close to the story of all. terror. And the mother learned that wheels, duck your head to keep wilone way to save a child from wanderlows from snatching off your bon-

... your fifteenth crossing. Get ing in harm's way is to put it on a net

leash. back into the wagon to rest your feet,

* * oxen almost bolt, don't fall out...

I met Emily when she was one the sixteenth waterpebbled spot is hundred and one. Her alert memory finished! Comfort Grandma, sick in

recalled covered wagon days in the the canvas shades of the bows, fluff late eighteen fifties. At sixteen she her pillow, say the valley is near.

and her brother had emigrated from (She may not live to see that barren

England. At first they hid from their place—some trappers at Fort Bridger

wrathful father in the hold of a sailsaid even the Indians didn't want it.)

ing vessel until he was forced to give Why did a hard journey break the up and let them sail. The youngsters spirit so?... the seventeenth is made!

guarded their mother's inheritance of Feet are rested, back is breaking, several thousand pounds, outfitted stomach is emptier than at the third five needy families for the Great fording of this winding water, pocket m Plains, and came on in style.

"Well,"she brightened, "I was at When they were delayed in Echo the runningabout stage, forever dartCanyon by an approaching army sent ing under wagon boxes, falling over to quell a nonexistent rebellion in wagon tongues, dashing too close to Utah Territory, Emily was suddenboiling camp kettles, or scattering ly confronted with an unasked for buffalo chips so carefully gathered duty. Not a man or boy in camp

during the day's march. No one they had been recruited for guard

could keep up with me, so mother service; besides, they wouldn't have

tethered me out the minute the been of any use in this ageold situawagons halted. The leather strap, tion. And the fluttering hands of the

one end looped to the wagon wheel frightened women bespoke their indeand the other slipped around my cision. It remained for Emily to offer

waist as one would lasso a calf, was stoutlv to deliver the waiting mother a real trial to me. But I dared not of her now persistent, readyto-beunloose myself. And as mother born child. A yellow bar of soap,

slipped the halter over the same part two Irish linen tablecloths, and covof the wheel at each campsite, it beered wagon comfort! Those were the

came the only leatherpolished spoke tools and the pioneer hospital. The

west of the Mississippi."setting, a western canyon under

I thought this was all Clarissa had siege!

to say, but this "tying"episode set At sixteen Emily performed as a her off to what I call a story within veteran midwife. The lusty wails of

a story. It so happened that a few protestation to earth life echoed

months before this little pioneer was through the camp; the mother nestled

born a mob drove her parents from her child to her trembling body. Her

their home. The only consideration eighth had arrived safely! of corn grits is munched away, no

before burning the log shelter was to When over a century old, Emily buffalo chips on this day's march to lift out a bed, upon which the sick told me the postlude to her midfuel a flame... number eighteen is

mother lay, and place it at some diswifery. She waited seventy years for safely accomplished!

tance, down by the river. a thank you! But it was nice at "But where is the valley? Never

As the crazed men turned to throw eightysix to look at a man of God, mind the several hills closing off the roof, recentlyfirebrands cabin a they greatgrandfather, on the become valley have we overimview,—or innoticed a small crying toddler the a goodly life because who reported haven? agined thisdoorway. A man darted for the child, she delivered him from his mother in

tucked her under his arm, and ran to Echo. "Perhaps that is the way it will

the mother's cot near the water. always be—my secure place, my rest

Then, tearing off a bed cover, he "And the streams you crossed, for the weary, my end of the trail ripped it in sashlike pieces, made a Grandma?"tomorrow?"

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Standard's educational program helps provide college training for 286 students this year

I: / MlM It/

Industry needs many trained minds with specialized knowledge. For example, the

paleontologist who supplies accurate data for oil exploration by studying fossils of marine life.

THEY CALL THIS THE ATOMIC AGE... the era of the

"thinking"machine. But above all, this is the age of human

thought. For today our country needs more and more skilled trained people will be needed to

minds to harness our atoms, advance our culture and guide our fill 2 1/2 million new jobs by 1965 government. Standard, too, needs fresh concepts to maintain its 1965

position in a highly competitive business. That's why this year Wj '3 '.*,$ ft fk

Standard's educational program makes available, through colleges, 234 scholarships for undergraduate study, 52 fellowships for graduate work, plus a series of grants to universities.

In these ways, Standard affords young people a better opportunity to contribute to their professions and communities.

:*S IA STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFO

JANUARY 1957 35 Not only was Satan chiding him to

Jesus Prepares for His Ministry prove that he was the Son of God, (Continued from page 22) No one was with him, and we can but he was also tempting him to apJesus went into the wilderness to be only suppose what happened during pease his great hunger. After being

alone, to fast, to pray. There he rethat time. But Matthew tells us that without food for such a long time,

mained for forty days with little or at the close of the forty days and there is no doubt that Jesus hungered, nothing to eat. Seemingly he felt nights of fasting, Satan tempted him, that his mortal body was weak. Fillthe need for very close and constant saying, "If thou be the Son of God, ing our desire for food is one of the

communication with his Father becommand that these stones be made greatest drives known to humans.

fore proceeding with his mission. bread."Many of us feel that we are on the

restarvation of we are when verge meals. a s<r?ToN<r fast for only two to quired

I Imagine forty days!

I is "It simply, answered But Jesus bread live by shall not J-art of jarents II written, Jfie Man

I alone, but by every word that proRichard L. Evans I ceedeth out of the mouth of God."

after give to is up I one not Satan have and behind, youth left and childhood have we After that Savior the try, taunted so he I one things understand many parents, as places we our taken cast to himof if the Son God he was I personally before before. we But to us clear not that were of the temspires the self from down Cm I do they might wonder why parents of we problems the face said, is it he written,""He "for ple, I I are they why and they do things say some and say—and concerncharge angels his give shall I be could there people young concerned. so To sometimes shall they their in hands thee: ing and to easier I seem acquaintances casual friends and times when thou time at lest any up, thee bear restrict don't people least other I parents. At than understand stone."a against foot thy dash so or urge them so much, or them remind so much them is written "It answered, Jesus But of counsel and words the same so repeat or much much, Lord the shalt tempt not again, thou the play to parents to left is it largely often caution. So I thy God."of young urging part less pleasant sometimes persistent and I rebuff, Satan this second Receiving I to appointments; to part; keep take to practise; to people I all his Mustering desperate. became to wisely; mainfriends select to wisely; eat to wisely; choose glory the I Jesus showed he powers, go; and they about where discriminating to be standards tain saying, of world the I of the kingdoms habits in; the and they come out, when and go they when if I thee give will things these "All

to young remind parents of is it part the often So have. they me."fall worship wilt and down thou I for of the need opportunities; responsibilities and of people mighty Picture once irony! 7 What I for of reliable; the need for being of early; the need starting

of makthe morning, Lucifer, son the I so the through. things And for seeing of the need preparing; to the Great proposition a such ing I and is discouraging sometimes parents by performed part very the created had Jehovah, who

is process a learning I resented. But resisted and sometimes to offering Lucifer was that world

all it. of of We, weary I we of when us—or repetition—even give him.

told and to taught be of at us most l twice—and least—have Satan,"Jesus hence, thee "Get the escape cannot parents twice. times And sometimes many I shalt it is written, "for Thou ordered, teachthe entrust altogether conscience, or, in good obligation I and him thy the God, Lord worship don't Others teachers. to even to of children ing others—not I i serve."shalt thou only parents that things of doing some responsibility the have I departed after Satan had And perform, to part special a have parents do since do. must And unto ministered angels I and i came different are more that they suppose sometimes children may I Jesus. 2 before long are. But others persistent or than exacting or to with proceed ready was &m now He I realize to learn children, why is were life over, once we, who

his work. I parents that part the appreciate to is learn this all so and continued) be (To I restricting in taught, be should in teaching what perform must

what should be restricted, in encouraging what should be en- I couraged, and in counseling and cautioning when counsel I tight I OF ALL THAT'S GIVEN and caution are called for—and in holding the reins

Cm when the reins need to be held tight. And parents who leave I By Jane Merchant

the reins too loose, who leave too much of the teaching to I f would give only others, are not likely to have the full respect that parents are I My very best, entitled to—nor fully to meet the inescapable obligation which I Freely,With ardentgaily, zest;

the Lord God has given to parents. I

But, being eager I And quick of heart, Jhe Jbpohen WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE I I don't choose, always, 7 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING I With careful art.

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 11, 1956 Copyright 1956 I OfReceiveall that'sthe best,given, &* I And generously Forgive the rest.

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

All muscle

... no fat

The Dynamit 4 -Plow WD45 Tractor with automatic TRACTION

BOOSTER system shifts weight instantly to its drive wheels, the way a champion fighter shifts weight on his feet for a knockout punch...

puts up to 214 tons total on the rear wheels! Complete with PowerShift Wheels, SNAPCOUPLER hitch, TwoClutch Control. NaturalFeel Power Steering optional.

Remember when Jack Dempsey held the championship gives you up to onethird more workpower per dollar of the world... pitting 187 pounds of muscle against... plus longer tractor life

bulky heavyweights scaling up to 245 pounds? Yes, the 4-plow, 4-row WD45 tractor is truly a

That's the way it is with tractors today. It's muscle champion worthy of the name. On your farm this trained

that counts... not just size or weight. costfighter will make money for you on every job it

The dynamic WD45 is all muscle—no fat. Fueltackles, and backed by AllisChalmers True Original

wasting, soilcompacting, tirewearing, hardsteering Parts and Service... T-O-P-S... it will always remain

... TOPS "dead"weight has been engineered out—two thousand in peak condition

pounds of it! It's easy to own a WD45. See your AllisChalmers

Saving that expensive ton of difference enables you dealer today 1, WISCONSIN to move faster, do more, save time, make money.. ALLISCHALMERS,TRACTION FARMBOOSTEREQUIPMENTANO SNAPCOUPLERDIVISION,ARE ALLISCHALMERSMILWAUKEETRADEMARKS.

ALLISCHALMERS <M JE#XQf JANUARY 1957 37 At the cathedral we were directed

Our Ducloux Genealogical Problem to their records office. We asked if

there was a birth record of a Maurice (Continued from page 31) still there. The letter was found and Ducloux born 1838 or a death record

One morning the Catholic Father given to Lena Ivey because she alof a Nicolas Ducloux who died betold him that he was bothered about ways seemed interested in finding tween 18381850. They searched the

a letter he had received from Utah relatives and writing to them. Lena records and said all they could find

inquiring about a Maurice Ducloux Ivey believed as we did that Nicolas was the baptism record of a Peter who had lived in Mount Vernon and and Mary Ann came from AlsaceNicolas Ducloux baptized November had been shot and killed. Joe asked Lorraine, France. She suggested that 10, 1834. He was a son of Nicolas

him if he still had the letter because we visit the Saint Louis Cathedral in Ducloux and Mary Ann Hantz. We

he had heard once that his wife had the old French quarters of New Orsaid we had no record of Nicolas relatives somewhere in Utah. The leans. After making a record of the having a child by that name, but we

Father told him he had thrown it in relatives living in Alabama, we went asked for a copy of the record. The

the wastebasket but believed it was to New Orleans. office girl said the record was in

French and the Catholic Father who translated for them would be unable to do so for a few days, but that as soon as he translated it she would mail it to us. We felt our trip to the EDUCATIONAL TRAVEL South had been wasted as far as obtaining records which would help in

With extending our pedigree, but two weeks after we arrived home my father received the following baptism Brigham Young record:

October 8, 1953 U niversity Saint Louis Cathedral

Oblate Fathers 615 Pere Antoine Alley STUDY New Orleans 16, Louisiana

Record 14, Page 277, Act No. 1011

TOURS HANTZPETER NICHOLAS DUCLOUX &

In the of O. L. 1834 on the 10th of

Summer 1957 November,priest of St. ILouisthe Cathedralundersignedof N.O.,assistantLa.,

have baptized Peter Nicolas, born the 25th of last October, legitimate son of Nicolas

College credit Experienced directors Ducloux, born in Faveroi[s], France and

Lowcost, nonprofit educaCompanions of like reliMaryBel fort,AnnFrance.Hantz born at Rechew, county of

tional tours gious ideals Paternal Grandparents: John Ducloux and

Piep of Faveroifs]. Visit L.D.S. missions and Ursula Spiritual development Grandparents: Maternal John Peter Hantz temples

Best in concerts, opera, See greatest scenic wonandSponsors:Mary Chavanne,Peter Josephof Rechew.Ducloux and

drama, museums, galleries ders, buildings Victoire Agnes Armand.

Ride best airlines, buses, Learn about peoples of Rev. P. Armand

and steamships other lands I did not realize what a wonderful to anyone Open 17 connection we had found.

of age. years to 70

After we left the cathedral office,

CLIP AND MAIL FOR FREE INFORMATION we went across the street to the

Louisiana Historical Library and

UNIVERSITY, STUDIES, PROVO, TO TRAVEL BRIGHAM YOUNG UTAH: Museum. There we found records

tours: about the following summer Please send me information

in the ( ) Peoples and Cultures Tour of Europe, including Denmark, Sweden, compiled by the WPA and

Norway—July 2-August 26. records we found the death of a boy

( ) Peoples and Cultures Tour of Europe, including Ireland, Wales, Charles Ducloux, who died Septem26. 15August Spain, and Yugoslavia—June

Spain, of Europe, including Yugoslavia, and Vienna ber 21, 1833 (age 5-6). Mother kept Student Tour ( )

June 19August 26. saying, "I feel he may be a relative."

of Norway, and Europe, including Denmark, Sweden, Student Tour ( research very had much I had not 26. 19August ) Scotland—June

I for so six months and states, Mexico, History and experience ) Tour, 30 American and Government (

Eastern Canada—June 8-July 17. did nothing with the baptism record

I gave the gene- ( ) AugustLDS Church1 1. History Tour, including Hill Cumorah Pageant—July 20until one Sunday

( ) Sociocultural Tour of Hawaiian Islands—August 2-21. alogical lesson in Sunday School. The

NAME lesson, written by Brother Archibald

Bennett, was on research with CathoADDRESS lic records. It was about ancestors on

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was Malblanc. He Pierre was Peter it photostated will have said he BeneHe were mother's line whomy second Ducloux's Hantz Mary Ann he visits it when to me send I and gave Afterdicts and Hunlockes.

the lesson I told the class about the Father Ducloux again. husband. I had checked cemetery

record department at the St. Louis While going through the Ducloux records but had been unable to find

record. his by my Uncle made book record showed and Louisiana inCathedral

this Everyone in my family is so thrilled through gone (I had Charles there found record I hadthe baptism conthe find to able were the that we on I found of times), dozens book to just do what hadn't knownbut line this to extend necessary nections were which pages of the of one class, back of the memberwith it. A our Jones, Ducloux Julia for Sophia dates the together my grandstuck to told Stringham, meHildegarde

take the baptism record to the Genemother had done the temple work mother and grandmother, and has alogical Library and put it into the for her Ducloux relatives in 1905. I been very generous with contribuhands of Brother Brian Leese. In visited the temple at Salt Lake City tions to further this work. Our more answered been have prayers for November records their in to and record I took the 1954September

be. expected them to ever than we of Papa I the name found 1905 Leese, Brian researcherthe library

who wrote to Faverois, France, and made contact with a living relative, a

Catholic Father by the name of Alfred Ducloux (age 75), whom I correspond with regularly. He is a

seventh cousin of my father. He sent

Brian Leese information for six family group sheets. One of them was the family group sheet of Nicolas SAVE

Ducloux and Mary Ann Haniz, showing a son Charles born 1827 in

Faverois, France. I was able to supply his death date from the record with the FINEST

found at the Historical Library in

New Orleans. Cousin Alfred sent

pictures of his nephew Robert Ducloux, a fisherman at Faverois, and NEW ALLWEATHER also certificates of marriage. and

had spent Alfred Cousin deaths. famMotor Oil a Ducloux making several years

ily tree which he had photographed and sent me a copy. Nicolas and

Mary Ann and their two sons, Charles SAVE on the were of them, one being tree. Gasoline Ducloux of the picture sent a He also

home and of an oil painting which—up to 2 extra gallons

hangs on a wall in the old Ducloux from a home at Faverois of Madelaine Girtankful of gasoline ard, who married Pierre Ducloux, my fourth greatgrandfather. SUPER,

Brian Leese is attending the UniSAVE

Italy, and during Milan, at versity Alfred Motor Oil Cousin has visited he holidays and searched the Faverois parish rec-—up to 88% more

ords. He has extended some of my miles per quart

pedigree lines to 1700 and others to * o T a R o.i

1650. In December 1955 he sent me

thirtynine family group sheets, and SAVE was a in the letter included tracing Your Motor Gaspard of Jean of the signatures

Ducloux and Marie Ursule Py, my—eliminate valve

third greatgrandparents, and of lifter rusting

Pierre Ducloux and Jacques Py, my fourth greatgrandparents. The tracing is of original signatures appearing Available

on the marriage act of Jean Gaspard

Ducloux and Marie Ursule Py, in 44 States

November 22, 1780. Mr. Leese says

official paper on file in is an there to Give your car the care if deserves at (Jfoco dealers Orleans sent from New Faverois

Faverois telling about Nicolas and where you expect more and you get it!

Mary Ann's arrival in New Orleans.

JANUARY 195T 39 Regard for the Priesthood

(Continued from page 24) pie that President George Q. Cannon, dangers of this course. [Conference

agents of the Father, it is our duty to at the April [1900] conference, made Report, April 1900, p. 10.]

receive and respect them as we would this the subject of one of his disLet me ask you, young man, to the Father in person, "For he that courses. He pointed out the necestry to show proper respect to the

receiveth my servants receiveth me."sity for a change in this respect. He priesthood and to the servants of the

If men who hold this responsibility declared that there never was such a Lord who hold it. It will make you

from God—that of being his authorlack of reverence as now, and asked happier, it will make you better. You

ized servants—shall misuse the trust that the people stop and consider the are ambitious; you desire the blesswhich the Lord has imposed in them,

they are responsible to him for their J3 conduct and will be rewarded or pun-

I ished according as they shall honor or disregard the mission assigned to I... I them. We are told in the quotation f\e6pect for the present Jrour

referred to that all that the Father I hath shall be given unto them, and Richard L. Evans I

that this is in accordance with the i I oath and the covenant which belongSometimes we become impatient with the present. We see I

eth to the priesthood: "Therefore, all its evils, its uncertainties, its imperfections, and earnestly I

those who receive the priesthood, rewe yearn for a day when things will be different. It is proper I

ceive this oath and covenant of my and expected that immortal man would hope for and have I

Father, which he cannot break, I faith in of also a better importance utmost is I future—but neither can it be moved: Vi for called a "respect the present hour."what Emerson 1 No I

this breaketh "But covewhoso lie far believe futures earnestly before us I matter (and what we I it, after receivednant he hath and limitless live everlasting), are that they yet always and we I altogether shall therefrom, turneth not all in the rebel at present. the sometimes uncermay We I this of forgiveness sins inhave world all all tainties at events, at the disappointthe undisclosed and

nor in the world to come."(D & C ing parts of the picture, but those who are overly impatient I

84:4041.) From this, we see that for the future may let the happiness and opportunities, and

there is a terrible responsibility resting also the obligations of the present pass them by. Even if I

upon those who break their trust with we could positively foresee the future, this wouldn't alter the I

God after once having been delegated I fact that we always live now. And happiness, after all, isn't J

to perform his work, to deliver his so much a matter of rushing the future as it is of learning to I messages. They are even under "respect... the present hour."To be blind and indifferent 1

greater condemnation than those who to the possibilities for happiness here is too much like closing I fail to respect the messages which they our eyes on an endless journey and letting the passing scenery I bear from the Father. slip by unseen. There is always that which leads us on, I

The young people cannot afford to that which keeps us full of faith concerning the everlasting I show disrespect to the servants of future; but an important part of happiness comes with learn- I

the Lord, nor can they afford to dising to live each day—in the quiet companionship of loved I

regard the authority delegated from i ones, with useful work willingly done, and with gratitude for I

God to man, which is his agency, his friends, for food, for each day's protection, and for each day's I

Holy Priesthood. It is a fearful reendurance. Whatever we would change, so far as the mortal I

sponsibility which they take upon scene is concerned, this is our time, our day, our generation, themselves when they do so. Think and we had better learn to live and "labor while it is called I

of of light sacred things! such making today,"2 being mindful of each 1 I priesthood, the holds has who gations. manA Tomorrow may be better—butday's opportunitieswhen it andcomes,obliit

been commissioned of God to act in will be called "today.""For behold, this life is the time for I

his name—to bind upon earth, and men to prepare to meet God; yea, behold the day of this life I

it shall be bound in heaven; to loose is the day for men to perform their labors."3 And one of the I

upon earth, and it shall be loosed in great lessons of life—one of the surest sources of happiness Iheaven—to bless and to curse, and in and accomplishment and usefulness and sincere satisfaction I

every way to act in the name of God, is to learn to "respect... the present hour. "# "i

who has promised to respect such I will,actions his as his his word, mind, lA/ord Jke Spoken FROM TEMPLE SQUARE 1 voice, hishis salvaand unto power i PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING I tion. And yet, notwithstanding all SYSTEM, OCTOBER 28, 1956 I

this, we still find men who do not Copyright 1956

Ipay the proper respect to such author- 'Revised.

ity, who even make light of it, or Emerson,2Doctrine andExperience.Covenants, 64:25. I

disregard it completely. 3Book of Mormon, Akna 34:32. FROM TEMPLE SQUARE I I of reverence priestfor the A want 2 I manifest thehood was so peoamong

fa 40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ings, temporal and spiritual, which are the gifts of God. Why not obtain them in the appointed way: by

honoring, receiving, and respecting the priesthood, so that all that yourFather hath shall be given unto you. FOR BETTER LIVING

Can you ask more? Remember that

without the ordinances and the auTo prudent, foresighted people, saving is closely tied thority of the priesthood, "the power of godliness is not manifest unto men to living—BETTER living! For, with money on hand,

in the flesh."they SAVE FIRST—and by saving first, they enjoy the

best of better livingPEACE-OFMIND LIVING!-in

addition to owning and enjoying things that make life worth while. It CAN be done—thousands of our There Were Jaredites

depositors do it. They know—

(Continued from page 27) civilizations in heroic terms ratherthan agricultural ones. Nilsson warns There's nothing quite like money in the BANK—

his fellow archaeologists that they are the saver's best friend.

wasting their time looking for remains the genuinelyfrom heroic—that is, WE WELCOME YOUR ACCOUNT of the Greeks: time,the migration

'... no archaeological record is preserved,"he says.... Some archaeologists have tried to find the ceramics zion's savings bank

of the invading Greeks. I greatly

fear that even this hope is liable tobe disappointed, for migrating and & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT

nomadic tribes do not use vessels of South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

a material which is likely to be broken, as will be proved by a survey of the vessels used by modern nomadic 350 TABLE/675 CHAIft/732714 CHINA BUFFET tribes.'This was a period of great

importance and activity, and of a really high civilization, yet it has left us no remains at all."

"Isn't that rather unusual?"F.

asked. "On the contrary,"Schwulst replied, "it is the rule when we are dealing with heroic ages and peoples.

Like the early farmers, such people, even though their culture and their practices may be very ancient, 'rarely remain long enough at one site to produce a mound.'34

(To he concluded)

BIBLIOGRAPHY

2Mm. Jul. Arch. 52 (1948), p. 159.

The highest compliment Philip de

Comines can pay his master, Louis XI of

France, is that "as for peace, he could hardly endure the thought of it."Memoirs, Book I,

Ch. x. mA. Goetze, Hethiter, Churriter, und Assurer (1936), p. 130. A number of examples

of this have been given in the course of these articles. 32C. S. Coon, The Story of Man (New

York: Knopf, 1954), p. 103.

STORES DEPARTMENT AND FURNITURE AT LEADING Light on the Most AnAVAILABLE ""V. G. Childe, New

45, California Angeles CO., Los MFG. VIRTUE BROS. p. 24. cient East (1953),

Nilsson, The MinoanMycenaean aM. P.

Gleerup, (Lund: Religion 1950), pp. 6-7. "GOD GRANTS LIBERTY ONLY TO THOSE WHO LOVE /T. AND ARE ALWAYS READY TO GUARD AND DEFEND TT'0->iei Webste.

JANUARY 1957 41 The Rightful Sabbath

(Continued from page 19) The closing acts of Jesus'mortal The feast of this new Sabbath feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble ministry were carried out with solemn would consist of broken bread and

unto me; I am weary to bear them. (Isa. and calculated haste; step by step the wine. These would be eaten with

1:1314.) I will also cause all her mirth to cease, law was fulfilled. a broken heart and a contrite spirit

her feast days, her new moons, and her 1. With his apostles he celebrated as emblems of the body of Christ.

sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts. (Hos. the Feast of the. Passover, at which It would be observed on the first day

2:11.) time the Sacrament, commemorating of the week because he arose from the

taken violently away his And he hath the perfect sacrifice, was given. tomb on that day. (See John 20.) as if a garden:tabernacle, he it were of

hath destroyed his palaces of the assembly: 2. He instructed his apostles for Events of great spiritual significance

the Lord hath caused the solemn feasts and their ministry, and prayed for strength were to be associated with this new sabbaths to be forgotten in Zion, and hath while in the garden. The Comforter day.

of in thedespised indignation his anger the was promised. (John 1415.) Christ's resurrection and first appriest. the 2:6.) (Lam.king and

3. Following his crucifixion, as the pearance with his apostles. (John

At the same time, Jesus respected sacrifice without blemish, he rested 20:1-19.)

the law and revered the principles for in the tomb of Joseph over the Jewish And after eight days they met which it stood. Was he not "Lord high Sabbath. (Ibid., 19:3142.) again.

also of the sabbath"? (Mark 2:28.) A new dispensation was in progress. The outpouring of the spirit on the

His was a mission of fulfilment, and Henceforth, the Sabbaths and feast Day of Pentecost, recorded in Acts 2, the purpose of the law had been days revealed through Moses would is known to have occurred on the first served. be forgotten in the light of more day of the week in that year.

transcendent events. The lesser law John the Revelator spoke its name

the destroy to that not Think come I am their transIsrael to of because given his chapter: in opening

I or the prophets: notlaw, come am replaced to gressions at Sinai be was to

fulfd. todestroy, but

I in the Spirit was on the Lord's day,... gospel the "that preached was by I Till verily you, say heaven and unto For

(Rev. 1:10.)

... (Gal. before unto tittle 3:8) shall jot in Abraham"pass, orearth one one

the law, till all be fulpass fromno wise full salvation be poswould by which the Sabbath in comThus was filled. 5:1718.) (Matt. sible. tables written once on Laws

of the deliverance memoration from bondage in Egypt replaced by the A new dispensation or restatement writingof stone ofwouldthe be"Spiritsupersededof the bylivingthe day, Lord's a Sabbath commemoratessential, principles eternalof was in fleshy tables of the God... ing the the great deliverance from factin already begun. had The heart."(II Cor. 3:3.)

of death. bondage of Olives superseded hadMount

The absence of any direct comLittle doubt was left regarding theMount Sinai "Blessed are the pure mand to observe the new day is not correct day of worship or the manin heart"had replaced "Thou shalt important. The fact remains that it ner of its observance in this last disnot."Moreover, salvation could not

was observed henceforth as the day pensation.be accomplished under the law.

of worship for those who were folChrist. shalt of lowers in the thank Thou Lord thy God is justified that the But law no by man

all things.

it is for, of sight evident:in the God, in The inaugurated day was The new

offer shalt sacrifice the unto a Thou live faith. shalljust by first of early the the the day of dawn in thy righteousness, that Lord even God

.. is faith: of the law not And that broke earthquake an by spirit. week of contrite a broken heart a and the Christ us curse hath redeemed from.

of the law, being made a curse for us:... the seal of his tomb and gave evidence And that thou mayest more fully keep

(Gal. 3:1113.) that the Redeemer of the world had thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt

faith before kept came, were But we under risen. gosacramentsto the houseupon ofmyprayerholy day;and offer up thy faith law,the the shut up unto should which

is verily this For a appointed unto dayafterwards revealed. be it of the the as to sabbath, In end began rest to labors, to you your thy from pay and the schoolmaster our Wherefore law was first of the the week, toward day dawn came the devotions unto High; Most Christ,to us bring that unto might be we to the other Magdalene and Mary Mary shall Nevertheless offered thy be vows up faith.justified by the see sepulchre. all all in righteousness at times; days on and is after faith that But come, are no we there behold, great a earthAnd, was this, that the Lord's But on remember (Ibid., 3:2325.longer a schoolmaster. under for the of quake: the angel descended Lord offer shalt day, thou thine oblations and Ibid., alsoSee 4.) rolled heaven, from back the and and came thy sacraments High, the conunto Most

stone from the door, and sat upon it. fessing thy sins unto thy brethren, and beSabbath days, included under the And the angel answered and said unto fore the Lord.

law of Moses, commemorated signifithe women, Fear not ye: for I know that And on this day thou shalt do none other

crucified. seek Jesus, which was let thing, food only thy be prepared withcant events, and also forecast and ye

is for here: he not He of is risen, as he singleness heart fasting thy that be may for eventsprepared to come.... 28:1-2, said. 5-6.) (Matt. perfect, or, in that other thy joy words, may

be full.

Let no man therefore judge you in meat, The new day commemorated deVerily I say, that inasmuch as ye do this, inor drink, or of in respect holyday, an the fulness liverance of the earth is yours,... (D & C from the captivity of death

ofor the or of the days: sabbath moon, new 59:7-13, 16.) for all mankind. of are to things a shadow Which come;

but the body is of Christ. (Col. 2:1617.) In a day when worldwide broadBut now is Christ risen from the dead,

and become the firstfruits of them that slept. casts and global flight have wiped out

That they had their fulfilment in For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ days, and boundaries, and restraints,

Christ will shortly be seen. shall all be made alive. (I Cor. 15:20, 22.) (Concluded on page 44)

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Increase "fourWork Output...

Z>ra;e Kwr Costs Doww

with Modern JOHN DEERE Tractor Power

This new "620"Tractor and 9-foot John Deere "KBY"Pickup Disk Harrow cover up to 50 acres in a 10hour day.

Meet the NEW John Deere Tractor Family There is a better, easier, and more profitable way to farm, and that's with a new John Deere 3-plow "520,"Whatever your farming operation, John Deere has a tractor 4-plow "620,"or 5-plow "720"Tractor. These new tracthat's just right for you. Discuss your power requirements with

your John Deere dealer—he'll help you choose the tractor that

tors will increase your work output, lower your operating meets your requirements from the complete John Deere line.

costs, and boost your prpfits. Brandnew, more powerful

engines enable you to handle larger equipment and save time on every job; provide maximum fuel and mainte- 6 Power Sizes...30 Basic Models

nance economy.

New Custom PowrTrol offers you up to three completely independent hydraulic circuits for effortless control of all types of equipment. New Universal 3-Point

Hitch with Loadand-Depth Control brings modern "pick up and go"utility to your farm. Advanced Power Steering takes all the muscle work out of tractor driving on

every job. Exclusive Roll-O-Matic "kneeaction"front

wheels cut frontend bounce in half for a much smoother ride. New Independent Power Takeoff and IV2 mph

"creeper"gear enables you to handle powerdriven machinery efficiently in heavy crops. And, for the tractor

ride of your life, try the new John Deere

FloatRide Seat.

See your John Deere dealer soon, and arrange to drive the tractor that best fits your requirements—with gasoline, LPGas, allJOHN DEERE fuel engines; Diesel, too, in the "720"Series. MOLINE, ILLINOIS

JANUARY 1957 43 The Rightful Sabbath

(Concluded from page 42) The Lord's day is provided for men men. The Lord's day will be given

days as such lose much of their meanand women who want to keep near precedence over all other competing, but the human heart must always to God. It is offered to those who ening demands by those who value

have a sense of purpose, of love, of joy the companionship of their breth- a covenant and who want the assoservice, that comes only from conren, who seek to improve their own tact with the divine. lives and love to serve their fellow ciation of the spirit of God.

rrrrrrMrrras.

How to Gain a Testimony Ccompandonip—and Louehou6ned6 I (Continued from page 17)

Richard L. Evans I never remember when I did not have

a testimony. Of course, my testimony

For purposes of measuring progress, for purposes of measur- I has been strengthened. I have had

ing merit, some kinds of comparison are essential. They experiences when the Lord spoke into

tell us where we are with respect to where we were, and where my mind directly, as he spoke into the we ought to be. They give us standards and a sense of values, mind of Enos, the grandson of Lehi.

as we compare one thing with another. This is a useful kind I have a testimony, but it did not

I ofbecomes—orcomparison.can Butbecome—akinthere is a tokindcovetousness.of comparisonAndwhichthis come of a sudden. But whether a testimony comes of a

is of kind the basis comparison unhappiness. of man's of much

kings once couldn't Even have what when we have had, we I suddengrees, it ordoeswhethersomethingit comesto a person.by deourselves sometimes because unhappy make

a different person You are you when little thing that some big or someone a testimony, else has—despitewe don't havethe II have from you were what

fact that we don't always know the net result of what an- I before you had one. You all reother man has—or seems to have. And we seldom know what member experiences of changes in

pays. surface, see he the but what we don't know We i price I people. Even good men, great men,

inside. little see present, the is deep of time, a a moment We I are different.

little part picture, of the don't eternal see the whole but we

I Peter was different. You remempicture. see to the obvious and the outward and come We I die said ber with he he would how quick this, conclusions. always, But must remember: we

6n I his foretold the the Lord, Lord when is is of great universal a compensation, law which On* There crucifixion, said to the Savior I and is just. since that of saying simply another way God And

"... Peter, Before the cock crow I it in that follows accounting the ultimate no he is just, man

gets what he doesn't deserve or loses what he does deserve. I twice, thou shalt deny me thrice."

Epictetus once asked one of his associates if he would be (Mark 14:30.) They took Christ into

willing to give up everything he was, to have what someone custody. Peter, following a distance

2 else had. The obvious answer was, "No."We should like behind, went to the place where

1 some things that others have, but rarely would we find a Christ was being tried. The people

person who would be willing to change places with another who saw him there said he was a fol- 7 person completely. Of this subject the much quoted Socrates I lower of Christ, and he denied it.

it three times, and the said, "Oh, race of men, whither are ye hurrying? What are yA. He denied

third the heard time he cock crow.. folk: doing? blind you wander... You up and down like. A that Christ spoken had and knew it is to not elsewhere, happiness where seek peace and You

truth. the It it is not outside? seek... you found. do be Why I

I little incito point out one want this Shall matter? trust shall there. we on we. Whom..

is in that 9A dent impresvery which outside [of others] from the fortune trust look upon you.. who.

and are dazzled by the outward show, or [shall we trust] the I sive to me. The third time Peter de-

I says Christ, nied the record he knew have should wished you If you had... men themselves? 9

at that Peter. Christ Peter looked not in yourselves would happiness] and found it [peace and

I have sought the things of others as your own."1 Even in the Ax must have beheld the look of the Re-

I midst of plenty, even in the midst of comfort, much of undeemer, whom he had been with and happiness, much of discontent come from the kind of com-? whom now he had denied, and the

parisons that are akin to coveting—from the inordinate envy -A. record says that Peter went out and

bitterly. (Luke 22:6162.) That of others—and the commandment, "Thou shalt not covet,"wept

i is still a valid commandment for peace of all people.? will be an awful look, when Christ

looks at one of us, and we have de-

I jke SpoLn IA/OfJ FROM TEMPLE SQUARE nied him.

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING I What happened to Peter afterward?

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 4, 1956 Copyright 1956 I After the Day of Pentecost, when the

Holy Ghost came upon Peter and l Epictetus, The Discourses and Manual. Vol. II, pp. 63, 64, 66. Tr., P. E. Matheson. I

the rest of the apostles and they re-

I ceived a testimony, Peter and John dd THE IMPROVEMENT ERA went up to the temple and healed a man—in the name of Jesus and now...extra earnings

priesthood; of the the powerthrough

request. The from your savings at their himGod healed

people gathered around and made a * Highest paid in Utah on great todo about this miracle. The insured savings.

Jewish leaders became concerned lest they should lose their following, and they took Peter and John into custody * Every account insured and told them not to preach and to $10,000.

teach any more in the name of Christ.

These rulers had the power to put This them to death, as they had put Christ Handy doing Peter wasto death. But what

let Peter and John DOCUMENT theynow? When

go, telling them not to preach any BOX more, Peter said, Yours Whether it be right in the sight of God to FREE hearken unto you more than unto God, If You ye.judge Act NOW! cannot but speak the things which For we

we have seen and heard. (Acts 4:1920.)

They had a testimony then. STATE SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN.

I could give you many more exam56 South Main

Utah Salt Lake City, experience; the same ples. Paul had

start Please my account in the amount experience; and same had theAlma

both became powerful witnesses of of $

God because they received their testiName mony from the Holy Spirit. Street or RFD

tell that the used to me My father he City Zone State AND LOAN ASSOCIATION a when between man difference had a testimony and what he was before he had a testimony was the difference between a living, growing tree and a dry stump. I am sure that

is true.

How do we go about it to get a testimony? Jesus gave the answer as

well as it has ever been given. As he

taught in the temple at the Jewish

Feast of the Tabernacles, the Jews, although they were even then plotting his death, marveled at his teachings and said,

How knoweth this man letters, having never learned?

Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me.

If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or have your children seen whether I speak of myself. (John 7:1517.)

There is the answer, and the way is pointed out so clearly and simply that even "the wayfaring men, though fools, shall not err therein."(Isaiah the Goldfish

35:8.) Do the will of God if you he's part of the fun

want a testimony. of family dinner in the

And how should you go about doing it? You must learn it before you COFFEE SHOP

can do it. Hotel Utah T

How do you learn it? You learn it

by study and by obedience. Study Max Carpenter, Manager iiUI

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1957 45 I

a solution to them. Through faith,

How to Gain a Testimony and on many occasions fasting for a (Concluded from preceding page) revelation through the Prophet Joseph day each week over long periods of the scriptures; study the teachings of in which he said to Oliver Cowdery: time, I have had answers to those

the prophets, the modern prophets. Oliver Cowdery, verily, verily, I say unto problemsfinished sentences.revealed toI havemy heardmind thein

a get testimony neverYou will as the that of the you, assuredly Lord liveth, who so voice of God and I know his words. Redeemer, even is your and your God public agospel reading magazine by

written by someone who doesn't have surely shall you receive a knowledge of God bless every Latterday Saint, a testimony. You will never get a whatsoeverwith an honestthingsheart,you shallbelievingask thatin faith,you that he may get a testimony of the

testimony studying the literature of shall receive a knowledge.... gospel. The Prophet Joseph Smith

the scholars who do not have a testiYea, behold, I will tell you in your mind said that no man could be saved in mony. Study the gospel, read the and in your heart, by the Holy Ghost, which ignorance. That is an eternal truth,

shall dwell shall and which you upon come in that a did but not he have mind of Doctrine the readBook Mormon, heart. in your in ignorance could be saved not man of Pearl the Greatand Covenants, is spirit of revelathis the behold Now

in igor of foreign language some teachPrice, the read.. the Bible;. and 8:1-3.) tion. (D & Cings of the modern prophets, the life norance of some field of science—

of the Prophet Joseph. Learn, and I have a witness in my soul to the would not cast any reflection upon

then obey. truth of all the principles I enumerlearning. All learning is good; it is

ated when I began this little talk important. But worldly learning will

There are certain definite steps a with you. I know that God lives and not supply that knowledge in igperson has to take to get a testimony: that Jesus Christ lives. I shall not norance of which the Prophet said

Christ, in to believe Jesus haveYou I before certain stand be more when saved. not could be knowlone The

isthat the of God. have Son You he in the of to deeds judged be him my is a to be saved one have edge must of sins. toto repent your have You flesh. truth that revealed has He of truthfulness the of the testimony also the baptized waterbe by by and I heart that can me. unto know God

all Christ, of gospel including Jesus for of theimposition Holy hands prayers; mine on heard has he many

Ghost, and then you have to conoccasions. I have received direct the principles that it teaches. This

tinue in obedience to the principles revelation from him. I have had knowledge can be had. God bless all

of the gospel. problems which it seemed to me that Saints that they may get a testimony

There is no shortcut to a testimony, I could not solve. I have suffered in and continue faithful; for unto those

and there are no two ways. There is facing those problems until it seemed who get it and continue faithful to

only one way. The Lord gave a that I could not go forward without the end, all the promises are given.

The Special Los Angeles Temple Issue

Is Still Available!

Nearly 250,000 copies of the Special Los Angeles Temple the temples the Church has built or that are planned for issue of The Improvement Era have been sold to people the near future. Special articles such as President David

all over the world at fiftycents a copy. O. McKay's editorial "The Purpose of the Temple,"and

"Was Temple Work Done in the Days of the Old

This issue has permanent and lasting value and deals

Prophets"by President Joseph Fielding Smith, make it with, not only the Los Angeles Temple, but also with all more important and meaningful.

I 1 Eight beautiful fullcolor pictures showing interior

Los Angeles Bureau of Information 10741 North Temple Way scenes of the new Los Angeles Temple are included and

Los Angeles 24, California are the first in color ever released by the Church.

Please send me postpaid copies of the Special Los Angeles Temple "Missionary Issue"of The ImSome of the third edition of this special issue, complete provement Era at 35c each for which I am enclosing except that the advertising has been eliminated, are still available for only thirtyfive cents a copy. They make

marvelous gifts for friends or relatives and should be in

Name the library of every Latterday Saint family. Order direct

Address from the Los Angeles Bureau of Information by sending the coupon or the information contained in it together

City State.

with the proper remittance.

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COPPER PAVES THE WAY TO SCHOOL FOR 31.050 UTAH CHILDREN

Kennecott's state and local taxes this year total more than $12,500,000.

Of that sum about $8,000,000 will be used for instructionan amount that will pay for a full year of schooling for 31,850 Utah children.

An additional $1,730,000 of Kennecott taxes has been earmarked for new school buildings. This will pay for the construction of three 16room elementary schools. That's a total of about $9,730,000 for education in Utah.

The balance of the $12,500,000 in taxes, or about $2,770,000, helps provide other governmental services.

Kennecott pays its taxes from the money it earns producing and selling copper. And each oneton copper cake produced by the Kennecott refinery

represents $32 in school taxes, enough to educate a Utah child for 23 days—

about four and a half school weeks. Thus, about eight tons of copper paves

the way to education for a full year for your son or daughter.

Tax payments, of course, are just one of the many benefits provided by

Kennecott's operations in Utah, but they represent an important contribution to the state's continuing prosperity and progress.

Kennecott Copper Corporation "A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah"

JANUARY 1957 47 families. Quorum members and their

families should be visited by commitQuorum Projects Provide Important Activity tee members often enough to keep the committee currently informed as to health. state of their Continued the

definite assignments to comMake mittee members for visits, and have

Personal Welfare Committee: cessfully carried on by some quorums them report on such visits at the folmay be mentioned: lowing personal welfare committee

A. Organization

into meeting. posts, fence going by Making

1. president, chairman Quorum

hills posts cutting with cedar and b. "To liquortobacco users, giving(Mel. p. 27.) Pr. Handbook,

2. Group leaders on committee permission of proper authorities. carefully considered advice, etc."

Selling Christmas trees.

(Idem.) Tearing down old houses on a See that such quorum members are

commercial basis for definite sum; continually worked with.

B. As listed in the Melchizedek Priestsometimes materials may be obtained A good approach might be to ashood Handbook, page 28, the funcby the quorum for resale or for local sign reformed former liquortobaccotions of the personal welfare commituse. users to work with them on a "pertee are as follows:

Raising animals on farms for subsesonal missionary"basis.

1. Missionary activities

2. Visits quent sale. (Rabbits, calves, pigs, etc.) c. "To families of members who

Some quorums have made or reare away from home, determining 3. Employment assistance

paired toys for sale at Christmas time. needs and rendering assistance when 4. Housing assistance

or have doughnut had cake Some necessary."5. Church welfare sales, the wives have where made

6. Rehabilitation

cakes and the husbands have sold Priesthood quorums, acting through 7. Correspondence

them. their personal welfare committees,

Sale of flowers and plants on should be constantly solicitous of the

C. Suggestions as to implementing

Memorial Day. welfare of the families of absent quothese functions:

Candy sales have been conducted rum members. However, assistance

1. "Missionary activities. Local where on a social basis the brethren rendered by the quorum to these

and foreign missionary service to be and their wives have joined together families should be correlated with encouraged."during an evening to make candy, what the bishop does in discharging

a. Local, that is, stake missionary and then sold it in a quorum booth at his regular Church welfare responsiwork. a ward fair or bazaar. bility.

Weed -killing projects have been In all instances ward group leaders,

Solicit cooperation of bishops and undertaken commercially in some and in most cases quorum presidents, stake mission presidents in training areas. are members of ward welfare commitquorum members for stake missionBrethren have used their farm tees. In the weekly meetings of these

ary service. equipment to do commercial plowing ward welfare committees, assistance

Encourage quorum members so to and leveling. to be rendered by the priesthood quoqualify. Treeplanting projects have been rums should be correlated with asEncourage bishops to recommend successful. sistance given by the bishops.

qualified quorum members for calls Kindlingwood projects and projects to stake missionary service. to cut logs for fireplaces have proved 3. "Employment assistance. To be

extended to those unemployed or in while. be worth b. Foreign missionary work. to need of better employment."

repair Furniture projects have been

Prepare quorum members for forconducted in small communities on a. Under this head the whole

eign missionary service. Convert and a commercial basis, very much as have Church welfare employment program

train them in meetings, and where toy repair projects. Bed and chair should be developed. (Welfare Plan

necessary by personal contact. repairs have been made; rugs have Handbook of Instructions, pages 23Raise quorum funds to assist, where been cleaned; upholstering has been 31.)

necessary, quorum members doing done—all as quorum projects. b. Special emphasis should be laid

foreign missionary service. 2. Visits: upon finding employment for quorum

It is suggested that local quorum members at the quorum level. Cauofficers study the possibilities for such a. "To the homes of the sick."tion should be given against referring

projects in their own communities, Keep currently informed through quorum members who should be inasmuch as various conditions and reports at weekly personal welfare placed in employment by quorums circumstances offer different types of committee meetings with respect to to ward, stake, and regional levels.

opportunities. A few projects sucthe health of members and their 4. "Housing assistance. Assist in

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

the gardening, painting, or other restake presidents, high councils, servbe listed as "contact"so that no matpairs or do chores for the families of icemen's committees, and bishops. ter at what level the job is found, it

quorum members who may be either will come to quorum member through Church welfare employment prothe quorum, thus stimulating brotherincapacitated or away in the service gram for chairmen of quorum peror on missions."hood and quorum activity and giving

sonal welfare committees and group an opportunity for some screening 5. "Church welfare. Cooperate leaders.

fully in stake, ward and quorum At least quarterly, a letter should without embarrassment to parties diinvolved. All reported employprojects."be sent to each quorum member. rectly

opportunities ment and unemploy- a. As already pointed out, most When quorum members report availment involving women and girls

members of personal welfare commitable jobs or existing unemployment, should be phoned immediately to the tees are members of ward welfare information should be posted to "Emward Relief Society employment committees. This puts them in close ployment Information Sheet,"Form counselor. "Employment Informatouch with welfare work. Every No. 96A. Unused employment option Sheet"should be taken to every

portunities concernand information of personal welmember the quorum stake welmeeting and of the ward ing for opporunemployed is whom no fare of committee a member who all so that committees emward tunity available is presently should be fare welfare should committee the ward attend the weekly meetings of the phoned immediately to quorum presiployment workers can compare notes ward welfare committee and there dent and/or ward employment counand bring information sheet to date.

seek opportunities for quorum memselor. Chairman of personal welfare (See Welfare Plan Handbook, pp. 23bers to participate in Church welcommittee or representative should 27.)

fare activities. These opportunities

should be reported to the quorum personal welfare committee at its weekly meeting. Assignments should

there be made and carried to the quorum members by members of the quorum personal welfare committee. The Heber J. Grant Collection at Pioneer Village

Church welfare has proved to be one of the fruitful fields in which to re- (Concluded from page 6) fondly recall how their father brought activate inactive priesthood quorum new venture had no capital stock exhome several typewriters (themselves members. cept "their confidence in the loyalty an oddity in that day), and how

6. "Rehabilitation. Assist returned and unselfish devotion of the young every night the daughters would learn

servicemen (and all other quorum men of the Church of Jesus Christ of to type by actually writing letters for members) to find work and to fit into Latterday Saints to the cause of Mutheir father on Era business. Presithe community life."tual Improvement."dent Grant dictated and signed, in

a. The activities under this headPresident Grant's daughters still his beautiful penmanship, literally

thousands of letters pleading with his ing go hand in hand with those under friends for Era subscriptions.

wherever The Improvement Era was 7. "Correspondence. Make certain concerned. In 1918, as President of

that one good quorum letter goes to the Church, he became senior Era each man away from home, whether editor, a position that he held until in military service, at school or in he passed away.

other employment such as missionary In the homes of many members of work. If the man is still a member of the Church today, and in the homes

the quorum, he is still the quorum's of many of the nonLatter-day Saint responsibility and should be comfriends of Heber J. Grant, are prized

municated with at least monthly."possessions—books, autographed by

the President, which he delighted to a. This responsibility has been

send as Christmas remembrances insorely neglected. So important is it stead of cards; and he gave books just

that the General Authorities are reas freely at other seasons of the year.

questing all the brethren to emphaHe once estimated that he had given size it at each stake conference, not President Heber J. Grant delighted to away more than one hundred thouonly to priesthood quorums but also to autograph books for his many friends. sand volumes in this manner.

JANUARY 1957 49 m Presiding

Challenging Record

Study Guide for Ward Teachers

January 1957

"Honour Thy Father and Thy Mother"

has thundered mother"father and thy thy "honour commandment The the Lord It today is as vibrant as when centuries. the span of across

declared it from Mt. Sinai. It will live forever. Only the impoverished

mind would take pleasure in its demise or in relief from its responsibilities.

What obligations are imposed by this commandment? How may each

of us honor his father and his mother? Let us here consider some suggestions

for each member of the family.

The father. In their need, are you as faithful in providing for your father

and mother as they were in providing for you? How long since you visited David Corbett

them? How long since you expressed, or, better still, since you demonstrated

of their thought for Does you? done they have appreciation for what your "TVuring his seven years of Aaronic are, the the you and are the Finally, woman man them happy? you make ** Priesthood tenure, David Corbett man and woman they prayed you would become?

Yes, there are your wife's parents, too. Do not forget them. They gave of Southgate Second Ward, South Los

(California) Stake, mainyou the greatest single gift within their power—their daughter. Angeles

The mother. Your courtesies to your father and mother, and the attentained a perfect attendance record at

tion you give their temporal and spiritual needs, mean much more to them priesthood meeting, Sunday School, than do these same benefits coming from any other person or agency on and Sacrament meeting. An honor

earth. If time has slowed them up, bent their forms, do not forget that you student in school, he has been active

figured mightily in those transformations. They loved you, sat up nights, in the various Church organizations

prayed, wept, worried, hoped, and dreamed. They have their reward in and in sports. He is now a member of

you and your actions. Are you satisfied? Are they? Salt Lake City Eldredge Ward.

Your husband's parents—are you mindful of them? Think not that you

are without obligations here, too.

The son. If you are a thoughtful son, your parents are never "the old Memorial Fund Contributions

man"and "the old lady."They are God's personal gifts to you. Do as much,

give as much, go as far to protect them from shame and heartache as they Welcomed would, and do, to protect you.

If occasionally you discover that you know more than they do, thank W/E ARE appreciative of the wonder them for your greater opportunities to learn. Have respect for your home and ** ful contributions made by those

those who govern therein—it is the greatest school you will ever attend—it who hold the Aaronic Priesthood to

has been blessed with the greatest teachers you will ever know. the Aaronic Priesthood Memorial

The daughter. If you could know your parents'thoughts, hear their fund.

prayers, feel their anxiety, you could never say, "It's none of their business."Many, however, have not had the

You are part of them. If you do wrong, they are offended. If you are hurt, opportunity to contribute to this great

they are hurt. If you are happy, they are happy. You are their temple—and project and have asked for such priviGod's. They pray every day for you. It takes you and the Lord together to lege. We welcome further contribuprayer. answer their

tions, that sufficient funds hoping may of are the agents reflect parents that of the Church Let us as members to those in addition needed be raised,

It is a tredaughters. of his sons training and the Father in our Heavenly

mendous responsibility. for the monument to be erected in

May on Temple Square, to erect a suitable marker on the banks of the

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR FEBRUARY 1957 Susquehanna River at or near the spot where John the Baptist appeared Religious Education to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery

In the search for learning and knowledge today, some are becoming unbalanced and restored the Aaronic Priesthood.

almost entirely devote themselves their education. in those who who ridicule Many

"scientific fanatics."OneMake your contribution through your fanatics"become have themselves religion as "religious to

sided education falls far short of the ideal condition. Those who devote themselves bishop in order that your name may

to science alone are in danger of losing the most precious part of education—education be included on the list of names to

in the truths of religion and eternal life. be placed in the copper chest in the

base of the monument.

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

Senior Members

Former Senior Members Make

to Temples -w,il**'i*?!l90%''': Excursion.jaiifc

Tight former senior members of the - Aaronic Priesthood with their **tfit ti ''1 1 Jifc wives and children from the Spokane

Attendance seals are to be attached to Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards for 1956. Third Ward, Spokane (Washington)

seal, as percent heretofore, represents one hundred The perfect at priesthood attendance part meetings and Sacrament the it is Stake, recently made an excursion to on of the young to whose award certificate man attached. the Salt Lake Temple for their enThose whose attendance percentages, figured to two decimal places, are ninetyfive dowments and sealings. This was the

percent or better, receive the ninetyfive percent seal.

The ninety percent seals are attached to the certificates of those whose attendance recclimax of seven months of special ords range from ninety to ninetyfive percent. study and preparation for the trip.

These brethren, together with two

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 It is important to indicate the averothers who were unable to make the age enrolment of Aaronic Priesthood trip, had been advanced to the Mel12 to 21 as called for on the form chizedek Priesthood during the preUse Special Application Blanks and also the date awards are to be ceding year.

presented, allowing thirty days for In January the date of the excursion for Individual Awards processing and mailing whenever poswas set. The men arranged for their

sible. vacations and made necessary plans

i pplications for Individual Aaronic The individual award represents to be away from their businesses.

*- Priesthood Awards for 1956 the fulfilment or completion of miniWeekly classes were held with lessons should be made on special blanks, mum requirements and makes no alfocused to develop a greater appreciaavailable at the Presiding Bishopric's lowance for exceptions, regardless of tion and understanding of temple

Office. Please do not use application how legitimate an excuse may have work. The date of August 7 becomes

blanks of previous years as additional been. a redletter date on their calendars.

information is called for on the new Names should be typed or legibly Bishop and Sister Floyd Mattson, forms. written. One given name only should general secretary Milton C. Romney,

be used, with initials where required. and group adviser William Justice

Determine the number of forms reNicknames or name abbreviations with their wives and the following quired and order them on the special should not be used. brethren with their families made the

(yellow) order blank recently sent to The applications for Individual trip: Howard E. Johnson, Ernest

all bishops. There are spaces for Aaronic Priesthood Awards should be Burby, Steve Doutre, Clarence Doutre,

fifteen names on each application signed by the bishop and the general Wally Slater, Ray Green, Harold blank. It is suggested that each ward secretary of the ward committee. Wright, and Jess Brinkerhoff.

file a duplicate copy of the application for possible future reference. It is

not necessary to use separate forms for deacons, teachers, and priests.

An Aaronic Priesthood bearer ordained an elder during the year may qualify for an Individual Aaronic

Priesthood Award provided that between January 1 and the date of his ordination he meets the minimum qualifications required for the full year's activity.

Provision has been made for designating those who have one hundred percent, ninetyfive percent, and ninety percent attendance records. Those SPOKANE THIRD WARD

thus qualifying will receive respective Eight recently ordained elders from Spokane Third Ward, Spokane (Washington) attendance seals on their individual toStake,the togetherSalt LakewithTempletheir forfamiliesendowments,and leaders.sealings,A carefullyand otherplannedordinanceexcursionwork.brought them awards.

JANUARY 1957 51 1 teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon salt fat melted!/4 cupLunch TimeAdventure Time flour enriched cups \y2

\y2 cups whole wheat flour by Josephine B. Nichols 1 cup nut meats

DIRECTOR, STERLING W. SILL 1 cup raisins

HOME LIVING CENTER, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH Cream fat, sugar, and honey. Add

beaten eggs. Sift dry ingredients, add to

hat kind of lunch is your fartition. To add interest, they may be firstafter mixtureeach addition.alternatelyFoldwithin milk.nut meatsBeat

ily getting? Whether packed or made from a variety of breads with and raisins. Bake in two greased one

eaten at home, it should be degenerous amounts of nutritious fillpound loaf pans at 350 F. for 45 min-w

licious, nutritious, and planned with ings. Breads used might be varied utes or until done.

the other two meals of the day so among whole wheat, enriched white, that it provides its share of the body's cracked wheat, rye, fruit, or fruit and Children are especially fond of daily nutritional needs. It should nut. Whole wheat honey nut bread rolls and buns > and these breads lend

not be skipped. If we pass up the is a delightful, healthful variation, themsdves better than bread slices to

noon refueling station, our body and is easy to prepare. such fillings as chicken or tuna salad.

misses needed rest and nourishment. Fillings should be tasty and interesting. Use your ingenuity and

Preparing a packed lunch that the Whole Wheat Honey Nut Bread imagination. Slices of meat andchildren and husband who cannot

often cheese dry become and unapsugar cup will eat and enjoy at nooncome home 2/3 petizing, or foods but chopped ground honey cup plancareful requires day 2/3day after ning. Too often it is merely an outlet 2 eggs combined with salad dressing and

for leftovers, when it could be as appe- 1 cup sour milk other binders are easily spread and tizing and nutritious as any meal served at home. Leftovers can be All the essentials for a tasty, healthful hoxed lunch are on hand and within reach

,, T/Van,Wagonerused, of course, but they should be when Josephiner B. Nichols does the preparing.tr tr b—PhotoD,, by, Lclandr

worked into the menu so that whether served in their original form or in combination with some other food, they appear fresh and appetizing.

Foods chosen for the packed lunch should be easy to pack and should retain their flavor and pleasing appearance after several hours of standing.

Variety in flavor, color, and texture are essential. Packing a lunch in a

box or basket is more satisfying than packing it in a paper bag because containers of beverages, salads, or puddings can better be included. If

the paper bag is insisted upon (many children do insist) and these foods therefore eliminated, they should be served at home. Also, if the packed

lunch is made up largely of sandwiches, cake, or cookies, most breads and starches can be eliminated from breakfast and dinner.

What goes into the packed lunch?

Sandwiches are usually the founda52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA remain moist. They may be made

ahead of time, placed in covered jars, and stored in the refrigerator until time for use.

Filling combinations might include:

Meat, chicken, or fish, cooked, and chopped or ground, with mayonnaise and pickle relish, mustard, catsup, or chopped celery.

Eggs, hard cooked, chopped, and mixed with chopped bacon, ham, pickles, or catsup.

Creamed cheese, alone or in combination with marmalade, nuts, peanut butter, chopped olives, or chopped green pepper.

Peanut butter, alone or combined with dates, raisins, jam, jelly, honey, or cheese.

Cheese and Bacon Filling

1 cup grated American cheese TunaChip Casserole l/2 cup chopped cooked bacon juice teaspoon onionY2 fascinating new dinner idea! pickles—a tablespoons 2 minced

6 tablespoons mayonnaise It's delightfully different! A refreshing flavor... with a

Combine ingredients. Store in covcrispy texture all its own! A new casserole discovery from

ered jar in refrigerator until needed. the testing kitchens of Morning Milk.

Minced Ham Filling Why don't you—tonight—discover what a delightful dinner TUNACHIP CASSEROLE can be?

1 12ounce can chopped or pressed ham

Y2 cup pickle relish or 2 dill pickles TUNACHIP CASSEROLE

Y2 cup salad dressing (Makes 6 servings) V

also grinder, food through Put meat coarsely crushed 2 cups V2 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce ifdill D'ckles, used. Blend with relish Clover Club Potato Chips 1 tablespoon finely minced onion

or pickles and salad dressing until of 3A cup undiluted Morning Milk 2 cups (2 7-ounce cans) welldrained spreading consistency. V* cup lemon juice chunk tuna

Vi cup mayonnaise 2 chopped hardcooked eggs

Tuna Salad Filling PepperVi teaspoonto tastesalt 2Vi tablespoonscup finely dicedpimientocelery

5-ouncc can tuna ]/2 cup finely chopped celery ofPlacea butteredone cup VAof crushedquart casserole.Clover ClubBlendPotatotogetherChipsMorningin the bottomMilk,

2 hard cooked eggs, cut fine (optional) lemon juice, mayonnaise and seasonings. Add onion, tuna, eggs,

1 tablespoon lemon juice celery and pimiento to mayonnaise mixture. Pour into casserole.

with chips. remaining potato with Garnish Top egg and pimiento2/3 cup salad dressing strips. (350 minutes. oven in moderate to 40 Bake F.) 35 Serve

at once.

Flake tuna. Combine ingredients. If

used with hamburger buns, remove a few crumbs from the center of split buns before buttering and filling with tuna SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTELsalad.

Vegetables which are especially good packed raw are tomatoes, carrots, celery, cabbage and lettuce leaves, radishes, and cauliflower. To

keep them crisp, wrap in a wet paper towel, then in wax paper.

As beverages, milk, soup, cocoa, and tomato or fruit juices arc ideal, and a thermos bottle will keep them The place to stay hot or cold, as desired.

Desserts should be kept simple: The place to eat

Fresh fruits or cooked fruits in cov- (Continued on following page) JANUARY 1957 53 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper

Lunch Time—Adventure Time!/3 cup buttered crumbs

(Continued from preceding page) Tf the family come home for lunch, Make thick white sauce with butter, ered containers; custard and other make it also a happy adventure. flour, milk, and seasoning. Combine

milk puddings in covered containers; The table should be set attractively, ham, eggs, corn, cheese, pimiento, and

wholesome cookies and cake made and if possible the meal ready to serve onion. Fold in white sauce. Pour in

with fruits, nuts, and whole -grain when they arrive. If you, Mother, greased twoquart casserole or baking

dish. buttered crumbs. with Bake Topcereals. will relax with family your can relax,

F. for to at 350 minutes. Serves six 30

is as well a rest stop A surprise from among the followyou. Lunch as eight.

ing can add much interest and fun a refueling one!

to the packed lunch: raisins, nut If the children beat their father Egg and Asparagus Casserole

meats, stuffed dates, dried fruits such home, let them help. Setting the

as prunes, figs, or apricots, a popcorn table, cooking and shelling eggs, mak- 3 tablespoons butter ball, nut or coconut marshmallow ing toast or bread sticks, and pouring 3 tablespoons chopped green pepper 1 grated tablespoon onionpuffs, milk are challenging experiences chocolate crisps, or raisin clusthe 1 cup milk ters. for them. flour tablespoons 2

A good home lunch pattern con- 1 teaspoon salt

Nut or Coconut Marshmallow Puffs sists of a main course: soup, or an!/g teaspoon pepper

egg, cheese or meat dish; bread and 1 lb. fresh or frozen asparagus, cooked

Dip marshmallows in hot cream, butter, or sandwiches; vegetables, 4 hard cooked eggs

flavored lightly with vanilla, until outcooked or raw or in salads; fruits, /2 cup buttered crumbs

soft.sides of are marshmallows Roll cooked or raw or in salads; milk or /2 cup grated American cheese

finelyin tinted nuts or shredded chopped coconut. Chill. milk beverage. Melt butter, add pepper and onion,

Recipes for the home lunch might cook until tender and soft. Add milk

Chocolate Crisps include: gradually. Cook until smooth and

thick, stirring constantly. Add season-

. of asparaTwo 6-ounce milk chocolate bars Corn Soup ing, arrange alternate layers

in 10 greased gus egg slices inch 6 x and cups favorite prepared breakfastFour cups (17ounce can) creamed corn 1% for dish. garnReserve baking egg one cereal cups milk 2 l/2 ish. over sauce asparagus and Pour

tapioca quickcooking tablespoons l'/2 eggs. cheese. with crumbs and Top water. over chocolate hot Cool Melt salt 1 teaspoon 350 F. for at minutes. Garnish 20 Bake Stir cereal inat temperature. unroom Dash pepper

slices. with eggtil coated. well tablespoon from Drop sugar teaspoon Y4 treats to Surprise the can add much set until paper. dryonto Cool waxed teaspoon onion minced l/2 just as to lunch, the they do home (several firm hours). 3 Makesand l butter tablespoons l/2 one. packeddozen.

Combine all ingredients except butRaisin Clusters ter. Cook and stir over medium heat Peach Surprise

until mixture comes to a boil. Remove 1 can yellow cling peach halves

Follow directions for chocolate crisps, from heat. Add butter. Serve hot. (drained)

substituting orange marmalade or strawberry one pound of raisins for Makes five to six servings. J/3 cup

four cups cereal. jam

Quick Tomato Soup Shredded coconut

General suggestions for the packed

Y2 cup diced onion Whipped cream lunch:

3 tablespoons butter or margarine Place peach halves, cavity side up, in 1. Plan packed lunch menus in ad- 2 cans tomato soup (lO'/-oz. size) a shallow baking dish. In the center

vance. 2 cups water of each peach cavity place one teaspoon

2. Prepare some foods the day before. 1 cup chopped celery of jam or marmalade. Sprinkle with

3. Have waxed paper, bags, small jars 2 tablespoons lemon juice coconut, pour a little peach syrup around

with wide mouths, rubber bands, string, Brown diced onion in melted butter peaches. Bake 20 minutes at 350 F.

and other packing equipment convenor margarine. Add celery, lemon juice, Serve warm with plain or whipped

ient. and browned onion to soup and water. cream. Makes about six servings.

4. Wash and air lunch box daily. Simmer for about five minutes. Serve.

5. Cream butter well before spreading. Makes eight servings. Wheat Flake Cookies

(Do not use melted butter.) 1 cup sifted flour

6. Spread both slices of bread with Ham Corn Casserole 1 teaspoon baking powder

to preventbutter soaking.

salt teaspoon 7. filling of bread. to Spread margarine l/2 edge cup butter or Y4 shortening cup y4 8. different in flour simple sandwiches Cut 6 tablespoons

1 sugar cup brown shapes for variety and convenience in V/2 cups milk 2 eggs eating. y2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon vanilla

9. Wrap foods separately with wax 1 tablespoon finely chopped onion!/3 cup milk

1 piecespaper. in 1-inch cut cup ham 3 l/2 cups rolled wheat flakes cooked hard chopped 10. Pack heaviest foods in bottom of 1 cup egg (3 to

container. 4 eggs) Sift together flour, baking powder and

11. Include two napkins with the l l/2 cups whole kernel corn (drained) salt into bowl. Add shortening, sugar,

hmch; one for the desk, one for the V3 cup grated American cheese eggs, vanilla and about half the milk.

lap. 2 tablespoons chopped pimiento Beat until smooth, about 2 minutes.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fold in remaining milk and the rolled wheat flakes. Drop from a teaspoon onto

greased baking sheet and bake 375 F.

for 12 to 15 minutes. Makes 4 dozen

cookies.

Variations

Chocolate Chip: Add 7 oz. package

chocolate chips Peanut: Add 1 cup chopped peanuts

Date: Add 1 cup chopped dates

Coconut: Add 1 cup coconut

Raisin Spice: Sift 1 teaspoon cinnamon

and ]/4 teaspoon nutmeg with dry ingredients, add 1 cup raisins.

Apple Sauce Cup Cakes Cooking contests are her hobby

Y2 cup shortening Salt Lake City Cook Calls on Governor 1 cup-2 tablespoons sugar Fleischcooks country's top Governor use J. Bracken Lee looks as if The

1 egg he's 3 ribbons to pin those Active Yeast. This just about dry mann's Dry

sifted flour 2 cups is Jensen. Mrs. for so Audrie on Mrs. it keeps handy, yeast And

1 teaspoon soda is fast. It's easier rises to the certainly person to serve Jensen months,

1 teaspoon baking powder wear them. She won those awards yeastraised specialties with Fleischsalt teaspoonY4 plus Active Yeast on your Dry the Utah State mann's 31 more—at

1 teaspoon cinnamon fall. Fair last bake you at home, use shelf. When

cloves teaspoon best. l/9 requests very Mrs. Jensen many And Fleischmann's—the

1 applesauce cup her to (unsweetened) for her fame try Main recipes—thanksreceives

1 raisins seedless cup cook. every prizewinning "Thrifty as you Dish a And therecipes—onenew "YeastRiz"on

1 cup nuts, chopped can be sure when a recipe calls for Three."

yeast Mrs. Jensen recommends

Cream shortening and sugar until Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. Get the new

light and fluffy. Add egg and mix well. "It's the best,"she says. "Rises fast "TripleFresh"Pack

Mix dry ingredients. Add applesauce to every time. And so convenient

creamed mixture alternately with dry keeps for months in my cupboard."Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

ingredients. Fold in raisins and nuts.

Pour into well greased 8x8x2 inch pan. Bake at 350 F. for 45 minutes.

Honey Cookies

1 cup shortening \ l/2 cup honey 3 eggs 4 cups sifted flour 1 teaspoon baking powder y2 teaspoon soda J/g teaspoon salt

1 nuts cup chopped to IDS Business College to sharpen the cutting present program your come completed When value. 1 with market education. vanilla Get training teaspoon you'veSTUDENTS!your of edge

WINTER QUARTER MIDTERM CLASSES START FEB. 4th

Cream shortening, honey, eggs and SPRING QUARTER CLASSES START MONDAY, MARCH 18th vanilla. Add sifted dry ingredients. HySpeed Longhand Federal Tax Accounting

Fold in nuts. Mix until well blended. Wide selection of StenotypyGregg Shorthand(machine shorthand) IBMIBM KeyBank PunchProof

cookie greased teaspoon from on MachinesDrop ElectricmanyandothersStandard Typewriting business subjects OfficeAccounting: Introductory and Plus for sheet. at 350 F. 15 minutes. Bake Advanced

Makes 10 dozen cookies.

BUSINESS COLLEGE PHONE Branch of Brigham Young University EM 3-2765

CONTRARIETY 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY By Hazel M. Thomson

sultry, day is hot and theWhen relief sight, ddawcdhcL 97lojbl DRINK there's in no And

I yearn for fresh, new snowbanks, Your LDS Home Away From Home white. Piling and deep Highways On 91 & 191 fic<J A delightful of winter, in the dead But Pocatello, Idaho Yellowstone, 496 for ibce hot beverage swirling, storm, blinding In some 4169 Phone <;offee. don't Jr/nk who

if it ever, ever, I wonder Satterfield Pearl Chick &

Ever was that warm!

JANUARY 1957 55 Is Your Dining Room a Courtroom? It's entirely

J. Johnson Automatic... by Florence

ELECTRIC wasto announcegoing to dinnerthe livingwhenroomI hearddoor nerrectivetablediscussion.was not the place for corWATER I"TheJean say:dinner table lecture tonight WeForgottenshiftederrandsour coursewereofdealtaction.with

will be beamed at me! I completely by the interested parties, quietly and HEATING forgot Mother's errands."privately. I learned that there can

"You'll divide the honor,"Paul be and are legitimate excuses. Jean

costs the grumbled. "Dad told me to mow the learned that the seemingly unimaverage lawn when I came home from school, portant message she had been asked

family but Mr. Williams asked a few of us to deliver had been vitally important

only about boys to stay after class and finish to someone. She was not arbitrarily

a dime some experiments. I came home just condemned; she was given an oppor-

a day ten minutes ago. We'll both get the tunity to defend herself.

third degree."Her brother learned among other

"Well, chin up, pal!"said Jean. things that a job postponed ad inBoy from Your Dealer or Plumber "Dining room court now goes into finitum may reach the point where

session!"postponement is no longer possible

Be Modern.,. I stepped back and trod on my and that, ironically, this point inLive Electrically husband's foot. One look at his face variably comes at a time most inconwas enough. We retreated to the venient for him and his plans. ChemiUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. kitchen. cal experiments and football practice

"I never imagined..."I began, are important but his share of home

tasks, his contribution to the welfare feebly. of the family, are also important.

My husband grinned. My husband and I learned with

"'Listeners never hear any good some surprise that quite often we GRIND YOUR OWN

FLOUR & CEREAL we'llof themselves!'have to mendRight?ourLooksways.as Aif hadWe madedefinitelymountainsneeded outa newof molehills.scale of

with this sturdy courtroom—two knowit-all judges values.

slowly, "I don't beback, he added a But without few lapses. up my

of WHEAT MILL lievelaying down the law!"Thinking We didn't get the new routine set ever we've given them much I started a simout with and husband

ONLY an opportunity to defend themselves."ple code. When either started to

"Just a week ago,"I admitted, "Jean play prosecuting attorney at the dinfled from the dining room in tears, ner table, the other was expected to $550 claiming we never let her explain."(and did) say brightly "special sesreminder was enough That POSTPAID Dinner on the table, I called the sion?"ANYWHERE distirade of parental to cut off the

folk. to eat. IN young sat down We pleasure before it was well underway. AMERICA the forgotten Nothing about was said

errands or the unmowed lawn. The The first time the phrase was used,

youngsters exchanged puzzled glances. Jean and Paul looked puzzled but

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all Once Jean started to say something, said nothing. They were too relieved kindswof hard or soft grains. Grinds IV2 then apparently thought better of it. at having the pressure lifted. The

of flour or cereal pounds per minute. The conversation was light and casual. second time, Jean looked at us.

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

I needed time to "What gives? 'Special session'SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS My husband and

think things over. We needed to doesn't make sense."

send one Please me Wheat Mill. Inclosed is evolve a method of expressing our "It's just a way of talking your order.) or (check $6.50 money

I tried to say it Name displeasure without resorting to an father and I have—"arbitrary condemnation procedure. lightly—"a code, you might call it."

Address City Important errands that were forPaul looked at me, then at his

State gotten could not be taken lightly. father. He rubbed his neck and

School projects are worth while and frowned.

I interfere "It necessary, neck. ax off they but the took when my HARDWARE PEHRSON I little disliked jobs, I get too code. think often with your one like home SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SOUTH 11th EAST 2102

wonders about them. Still, the dinthe drift. Say, Dad, did you see that

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA article in today's paper about the new football star on the Colton team?"

"You know,"Jean said, "dinner table conversation is really pleasant nowadays."We have intelligent children. Their

parents are intelligent, too—once they

living—oncemaster the fundamentalsthey learn thatofthefamilydining room is not a courtroom.

My Favorite Music

Alan W. Farrant

W/HATi frrjLD you say was the '"worloBweetest music? The

answer mayMving or jazz, it might be symphonyperhaps folk tunes.

You might saje violin, piano,

BIND YOUR

ONLY harp, or even drums. But wonderful Improvement Eras as each may be, as far as I am concerned, none of them is the world's $00 for years of future use

sweetest music. They fail to stir my

very soul as does the music which to me is much superior to any of ---sSsiSKs "\ only $32J atthese.

There is no sweeter sound, no lovelier tune, or more appreciated music DESERET Vthan the voice of my wife singing.

Her merry little whistle or hum is NEWS PRESSrich, wonderful music to my ears! \

If she were an excellent singer, it 1 would give me no added pleasure.

Her song now is of the heart—a tune The valuable instruction and reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate

of joy and contentment. matter in The Improvement Era will be

As she mops the floor, cooks our closefutureat usehand ifin youboundhavevolumeeachformyear'sfor Up150toto150300milesmiles 4943 issues the handsomely by Deseret bounddinner, dishes, or the washes does any is Press. cost plus The News $3 neces300600 toto 1000600 milesmiles 5973 at sing,chore she which can for issues she sary each 12 postage bound.

to miles 1400 88 All orders must be accompanied with 1000does—and that's love, yes, love with to 1400 1800 in miles 1.06 advance. payment Use the following

a capital L. rate guide to determine postage costs. Over 1800 miles 1.23

Let those who do not have such wonderful music to enjoy be sorry.

for the pleascanThey spend money listeningure of Deseret News Press to worldfamous artists. THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS

Me, I'll take the cheerful song from 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the heart of my own dear wife!

JANUARY 1957 57 Those Bread -and -Butter Letters

By Louise Price Bell

of thanks, a note to write trained sit and down your child Does reached they home write a Grandma thank you telling painstakingly letter to Grandma, or Aunt Mary, safely. If they don't do this when

or Uncle Bill, when she receives a they are small, they are far too likelyFOR YOUR HOME gift? If she doesn't, it isn't her fault, to grow into the type of adults who

lively child is going to mean to write thank you notes but with because no stop his or her play long enough to "just never seem to get around to write a letter if she or he hasn't been it."And no parent wants a child to

taught that it is the right thing to be in that category!

do. Yet, appreciation in the form of Attractive paper ruled with wide

thank you notes, or little breadand- spaces and decorated with cats, dogs, butter letters, after a visit, are an flowers, etc., especially for juveniles,

important part of our manner of can be found in dime and variety life... a courtesy that should never

be overlooked. stores. With paper like this and

Youngsters love to visit their grandbright pencils imprinted with their mother, and they usually remember own names, youngsters are going to to tell her they had a nice time when want to write the allimportant thank they leave. But too often they aren't you letters.

TROPICBIOK INFORMAL, ENDURING BEAUTY WITH ECONOMY IT'S EASY THE TROPICBLOX WAY! Precisioncut Tropicblex make sparkling new interiors when applied directly over dingy painted or papered walls. Their

parquet patterns harmonize with traditional or modern modes and color schemes. When planning new construction, be sure to see Tropicblox. They provide a

breathtaking new idea for homebuilders. Use them in

any room in the house. And remember—it's goodbye

to painting and redecorating with Baylaun Philippine

Mahogany Tropicblox; stains or dust wipe right off!

Baylaun Tropicblox are precisioncut 16"x 16"squares of Philippine Mahoganyfaced plywood. Each square

is slightly beveled on four sides, perfect fitting. Available in White Lauan or Red Tanguile.

NEW WALLS OVER OLD WALLS

—A Reginald Russel Photo

These Times

STORE WINDOWS WAINSCOTING (Continued from page 2) SecretaryGeneral as a world figure and 5, with 10 abstentions. The 5 negative leader. Article 97 of the charter desigvotes were cast by Britain, France, Israel, nates him as "the chief administrative

Australia, and New Zealand. The 10 officer of the organization."Many

abstentions, all complimentary to or reenvied for Dwight D. Eisenhower the

spectful of Britain and France, were appointment as the first SecretaryGen-

Belgium, Canada, China (Formosa), eral in 1946. However, the basic disCOUNTERS CEILINGS Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Italy, agreement in the Security Council

Luxembourg, Holland, Portugual, and (which has authority to recommend the

Amerieither prevented appointment) Africa. With the of South Union SEE YOUR LOCAL the consideration. or Russians from cans LatinAmerican the the Soviets, USA, LUMBER DEALER and AfroAsian blocs, voted the ScandiConsequently, Norway (Trygve Lie)

navians, the Philippines, Turkey, and and now Sweden (Dag Hammarsjkold)

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO. Ireland. have held the post. Mr. Hammarsjkold's

Building Material Distributors The second important development in willingness to assume responsibility and the UN has been the emergence of the take necessary leadership have made of 58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the office something approaching the prominence of the American presidency, mi mil!

of the British, French, or Soviet premierships, and the end is not yet. As 1956 Wake Up With the World'

closed, President Eisenhower had placed

American foreign policy squarely behind Dag Hammarsjkold with respect to crises in Hungary and the Suez

Canal. All the world could see that

Russia was fighting the UN with respect to Hungary. The Russian vote on Suez

fooled very few, if any.

Western Europe and NATO Pick up The Salt Lake Tribune from your doorstep,

Air a Norstad, Force there General in and is of US you the world, the west—YOUR

of to the succeededGeneral, command Intermountain your community. hapWhat frontWest—and 1956. in forcesthe November NATO last pened in night is Pakistan as clearly told as to you said destroyed the by wasSome NATO what in happened the P-T meeting at your A neighborhood in Suez. actionBritishFrench While

there might be some division in voting school. You're a part of the world and a citizen of the

at the UN this was brotherly disagreeIntermountain West.

ment and the unity of NATO was unimpaired. Western Europe, including You step out on the street knowing that your whole

Britain, expected American oil to replace day will be one of awareness, because the world and your that of the Middle East, not only for own neighborhood have been brought to your breakfast their factories, machines, and NATO, table in proper perspective, in your morning copy of but for ordinary consumer use as well.

With this dependence on American oil, it was unlikely that NATO's disintegration would occur. How effective the

alliance would prove in the eastern

Mediterranean, should Syria and Iraq explode, or Russia try further ventures beyond the Dardanelles, was a question. "At the same time, the US was

bolstering the Britishbuilt Baghdad

Pact linking Turkey, Iraq, Iran, and against penetration.Pakistan Russian "BANQUETMASTER"SKINIf you are PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry, the assumeMany believed US would THE NEW! ALLNEW

leadership of the Baghdad Pact in the FOLDING BANQUET TABLE scaling or itching skin or are an adolesface of lost British prestige since the DESIGNED FOR TODAY! centup in withdespair,skin thinkingtroubles noandproducthave wouldgiven

Suez debacle. relieve or heal your skin, then you owe

it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT.

this healing druggist Your has marvelousSuez and the Future of American N will ointment gladly refund your and PolicyForeign if renot are with pleased money you sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and

It may be recorded one day that when the British lost control of Suez (evacuation of its troops occurred 195456), a Made in the Wesf by L.D.S. workmen.

turning point in world history was quetmastersBISHOPS—Beforefor qualityyou buy,of comparematerial Banand

design. of Low beauty workmanship, of could representreached. Loss Suez SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY TO GUARANTEED in lots 12 or more. of $22.66 cost—only

to the the than west America andmore Unlimited Guarantee order it at your skincolor.HGet from drug*Mstore, or

inspection. for sent your Sample tablefall of in 1949. to the communists China

4390. or telephone collect Write suggested reasons under have beenThe & H LABORATORIES

151 D. H. INC. NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH EASTM 2ND CO., "Oil LOOSLI in the Middlethe topic, and Water

East."Idaho Falls, Idaho 1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00

The United States grew up within POSTPAID the sheltering framework, worldwide, "... put on the new man, which after

of British sea power. Within the Pax God is created in righteousness and true

Britannica, our own commerce and holiness.power expanded finally to fill the frameFILMS! "Let all bitterness, and wrath, and

evil anger, clamour, and and speaking,work. 1 By 1945 we, with our air and DEVELOPED all with malice: be put away from you,

the British power, supplantedsea tenhad to another, kind one "And be ye and PRINTED derhearted, another, even forgiving one Pacific in the Atlantic.in the Even and

our Mediterranean fleet, with its task as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you"force carriers, outstripped the British. Ephesians 4:24, 31, 32

But the British held Suez, the strategic Send Coin Only (Concluded on following page) MONEYBACK- No C O GUARANTEE!D.t LEON BROWN

1When the British attacked Suez in October 1956 is to in at the have reported Yorkone wag New UN SAM'SP. Dept. PHOTO1115, O. Box AALAB satelsaid, the trouble I see has with its "Well, US 5th South - 10th West Phone EM 4-5544 City, Salt Utah Lake iflites, different the even treatment, But, too."how

faintly suggestive! Salt Lake City, Utah

JANUARY 1957 59.

These Times

(Concluded from preceding page) 5. Or, has the United States some

waterway connecting the Atlantic and longrange program of practical idealism the Pacific through the Mediterranean. to retain British and French friendship

And from China to Suez were the small in the Atlantic and western Europe, states of the Indian Ocean littoral, plus but, recognizing them as liabilities in

India, plus the small successorstates of Africa and Asia, is the US attempting the Turkish empire—as constructed after to encourage more national freedom for

1918 by British political architects. Egypt (without offending Israel) and

Israel was created in the midst of the the broad world of Islamic states stretchArab states under the ancient formula ing from Algiers to Indonesia?

of "divide and rule."6. Are we trying to build new loyalQuestions which will be asked during ties, new strength, in new nationalities

The BEST PLACE 19571. Ifinclude:the United States was unwilling thein theMediterraneanseaway betweenand,theat Pacificthe sameand

to let Greece and Turkey fall into the time, put new weight behind an interto Ship -Bay or Sell Russian orbit in 1946, when the British national organization born in San Franwere no longer able to sustain them, why cisco, and seated in New York City

United Nations? let the the

7. CATTLE - HOGS - SHEEP wasBritishthe withdrawUnited Statesfrom willingSuez into 1954? Can we retain the west and gain

AUCTIONS - WEEKLY 2. If we were willing to assume the the support of its former colonies at the

1 p.m. Monday British commitments in Greece in 1946, same time, and does the UN help? Or

10 a.m. Wednesday why not in strategic Egypt, with its does Russia win the colonial revolution?

1 p.m. Friday sovereign ownership of the Suez Canal These are some of the questions being

controlling represent movement of the world's 1957 opens. asked as They

Center of the for Intermarket meat oil? issues Eisen- D. for Dwight weighty Direct mountain West. connections

with Los Angeles and other major 3. When the United States failed to hower's second term as President of the

markets. support Britain's and France's belated, United States. As he is inaugurated

fumbling effort to recover control of this month, one may well hope that he

Suez, was it being softheaded? Or was can have sufficient staff assistance to be SALT LAKE UNION it inaction, in the face of shock that freed from petty domestic concerns. The

STOCK YARDS BritainTripartiteandAgreementFrance had(whichdishonoredrequiredthe burdensheavily onof theforeignPresident.affairs alwaysTheir fatefall

Don E. Kenney, Mgr.—North Salt Lake, Utah consultation and joint action with the ful nature will require all the intelliCall Elgin 9-8631 United States)? gence, energy, wisdom, and strength

4. Did Russia cleverly contrive the available. He is a great American asset.

whole business, to discredit Britain and The American people should not, howFrance, destroy their last waning inever, view Mr. Eisenhower as the French

fluence in the oilrich Arab lands, relycame to view the Maginot Line. The

ing on American idealism to resort to President and the people have problems, ''principles of justice"and not, thereparticularly international problems, in fore, interfering? these times.

And Should We Die!

Enjoy (Continued from page 29) it made Moe to know her children finer flavor "You are quiet this morning, Jan. were so often hungry.

greater and last sleep well night?"not you of Did nutrition "Well! Now we will get ready for

start. a little gave wondered Jan He whole wheat School."Sunday

.. grain if his thoughts. reading been had Va

Since they could no longer go to freshly ground! "Yes, Va."Den Helder, they held their own

didn't even hear say "You Moe is every food element in services the room, large front Everincreasing retained! TOWRITE is telling favorite story in that she your popularity for sitting and DAY prices—FREE both which room was Everyone that knows

I facts of the during recipes—food from Book Mormon bread other and cereal studio. the usual music had They

foods with whole made SPECIAL this School morning."Sunday grain freshly ground Sacraprayer, song, the then and and FLOUR OFFER—is tastier far richer and

for introSend coupon It Little spoke, Marietje was who said scripture ment. in the had he healthgiving nutriJan offer ductory of 5-lb.

it's ments. the And—pkg., Deaf Smith wheat I've to song. lead going the I'm "But is learned, refuge and our "God wise where home someflour, richAmerica's

is it. thing done about in est practising. food elements, me, been Jan."Watch strength, trouin very a present help

select or Wis. -Minn., efficient, the Rapid—in a thin shaky arms flour moved stone wheat fear, ble. Electric will Therefore Lee Household not—we

it's ground the day FlourMill reduces whole up. shipped. the and earth be though removed, fluffy Herarc—down, up—down, to grain for flour

of a penny a fraction all, LEE ENGINEERING CO. "See, she even keeps the tempo,"though the mountains be carried into pound. Best of a

it's STONE GROUND Milwaukee 3, Wis. praised Va, as his keen eyes followed the midst of the sea...."

I.E.LEE ENGINEERING Dept., COMPANY, the child's movements. Toward the end of the mother's2023 W. Wisconsin Wis. Ave., Milwaukee 3,

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 Jan glanced at his bowl and saw story, Jan felt his stomach begin the

WIS. -MINN. FLO'JR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 that it was empty. He raised hopeful small contractions that meant he

Name eyes to Moe, but she slowly shook her would soon be hungry again. And

Street head. Jan was instantly sorry that there was still a long wait until supCity....State he had looked up. He knew how sad per.

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA After Sunday School they all rested. and the occupation troops were far rMoe said that they wouldn't get away. There was only this room with

hungry so quickly if they were lying Va busily rearranging some music at KITCHEI1 CHARIT1 sisters little being piano, the the to read, anddown. was allowed Jan

upstairs into by WAXED PAPER lovingly tucked bed chosetoday he of The Adventures

Pieter Bel. Maybe a little later he Moe, and four stout walls enclosing KEEPS FOOD

peaceful, their sleep, quiet world. then supper would andwould

in his favorite FRESHER LONGER! settled himself tohe awakened.be ready But Jan when

day he could not sleep. There seemed chair, and its overstuffed curves

to be a peculiar restlessness and exreached out to gather him in. As

pectancy to the way the breeze ruffled Va softly began limbering up his finthe curtains by the bed. gers with a short fugue by Bach, Moe

At last he could hear Moe in the came in quietly and sat down, leankitchen, and he could lie still no ing her head against the back of the longer. Tossing his book aside, he chair. No words were needed now.

slipped into his shoes and clambered The three of them would give themdownstairs to help Moe with the selves to the memories the music table. As he opened the dining would bring.

room door, he stopped in surprise As Va's graceful hands flew over and wonderment. There on the table the white and black keys like small

was a bowl of chicken. Farmer van white birds, Jan watched their reSlooten must have given it to Va in flection in the polished rosewood of

payment for his children's music lesthe grand piano. He looked at Moe

sons. Moe had cooked it along with sitting there so still, with her hands

the tarwekoeken this morning, while folded in her lap and eyes closed. Jan

he still slept. What a wonderful sewondered if she, too, thought often

cret she had kept. Oh, this Sunday of the times before the war when

was one of the better ones! And it there was no fear, no nights filled

wasn't finished yet. Soon it would with terror; when there were only the

be time for Va to play the piano, and love she had for her family and the

WITH MILLIONSthat was the of her time on Sunday that peacefulness days in this small POPULAR. OF HOUSEWIVES.. best. lovedJan dikes. land behind the

How good the chicken smelled. He Last year when Jan was nine, he AT ALL LEADING GROCERS

of until impatience a bundlewas to stay not allowed been downthe had family seated, were all began and Va stairs played. been How to had when He Va

passing the portions to each of them. upstairs in bed as Marietje and Corry enjoy deluxe

tried his closed to capeyes andJan he remembered were now. how He "fountain"sundaesture in his exactly the memory how to Star for often the North watched

chicken tasted so that he could reappear as the music crept up the gt home wi+h member it during the days and weeks stairs and gradually lulled him to before they might have such a treat sleep. ToumeX&ideagain.

It was on such a Sunday evening

Now it was late afternoon, and as about a year ago, just as he was droptoppings

Jan went down the firm oak steps ping off to sleep, that he had suddento the cellar for Moe and ran errands ly been awakened by the sound of for Va, he knew that soon Marietje marching boots tromping down the and Corry would be in bed, and the silent street. The spikes clicked

magic time would begin. Even now ominously on the cobblestones as the

he could hear Moe shuttling the little footsteps came nearer and nearer. Jan

sisters toward the stairs. Would Va lay motionless, not being conscious

remember that he had promised to of even a slight breath. Nearer, and

play Jan's favorite, the Rachmaninoff nearer. Then they had stopped diConcerto? He went into the studio rectly below his window, turned, took

and arranged the chair for Moe just a few steps, and rapped on the door where she always liked it when Va of Mynheer Koenen. There were a

like prosundaes a fountain make Now she could watchplayed—where the boots questions. biting his few Soon Big, fessional—the Pride way! Towneflying fingers, then sometimes and luscious, their - watering sodas military back and cadence mouth resumed

eat. glass tolook the of through that are the a sundaes dream Towne acthis time front the come; had way they

it easily, so Pride do Toppings for you—softly twilightdoor the and watch of steps the halting companied by ice five simply. so serving cream Makes

its street. thewinding way down five in delicious enjoyable. as times Comes never Koenen. would Mynheer Jan

flavors: fudge, chocolate strawberry, "So, it's Rachmaninoff tonight, forget of the sobbing KoeMevrouw butterscotch, chocolate pineapple, syrup.Sontje."the dare to go to Va didn't nen. Now

Jan smiled happily. Why had he Koenen's again to listen to the undereven thought for a moment that Va ground reports on the radio.would forget? For a moment the war (Concluded on following page) TouineXftide

JANUARY 1957 61 And Should We Die! glanceplace. mightHis eyesgive wentaway backVa's tohidingthe

(Concluded from preceding page) knew there was no sound in the room. Nazi.

Now that Jan was ten he was alFor several seconds the two at the At last the young soldier gave one lowed to stay downstairs while Va door stood in silence, each searching searching glance around. Then, in a

played. The twilight began to fade, the face of the other. The Nazi must lyrical voice he began to sing softly

but Va didn't need a light. The speak first. Moe waited with shoulin his native German.

Concerto was an old friend to his ders erect and eyes unwavering. The Moe looked incredulous. Jan felt a

fingers, and he began the brilliant Nazi was young, and he seemed trysob rise up in his throat. Maybe he

and crashing opening movement with ing to communicate with Moe. Jan was only dreaming. This soldier was

the technique and facility of an acfelt the air begin to empty from his singing. This Nazi was standing in

complished musician. The strains of lungs. Why didn't this proud trooper their doorway singing in German.

the Concerto rose to a crescendo and give his orders and begin the disJan saw his mother's hand drop then began the haunting and quiet graceful mission for which he had from the doorknob. Suddenly the boy

adagio. This was the part Jan liked come? Still the soldier stood motionsobbed again. This time he could not

best. The melody ran over his spirit less. He moistened his lips and keep it inside, because he knew that

in soothing, peaceful waves. He felt seemed about to speak and then was song. Not the words; they meant

himself drifting into a drowsy dream silent. Moe could speak no German, nothing but a jumble of sound, except

world, when suddenly, fear came and the soldier knew no Dutch. as he heard them in his heart in his

rushing down the peaceful street. Something was wrong. native Dutch

Above the sweet tones of the piano Jan started to glance at the door came the sound of ominous footsteps through which his father had gone. "Come, come, ye Saints, No toil nor

clicking in the clear night air, coming No, he mustn't do that. These Nazi labor fear,

closer and closer. Jan looked first at soldiers were well -trained. One quick But with joy wend your way."

Moe. All the color was gone from her

face, and her hands tightly grasped the arms of the chair. Va's hands fell

to the keys with a disharmonic chord. As the footsteps approached

the front door, Moe and Va suddenly The Last Gardensprang into action. Moe opened the

heavy oak door that led to the cellar (Continued from page 23) at its fullest and brighest even earlier and Va slipped through with one out there spraying around them and than that. I suppose for one thing

agonized look at Moe as she shut the pulling up a weed here and there, Gramp kept sprinkling so much fertidoor behind him and turned the too. lizer stuff around. I guess you can

wooden latch. And then the gladioli began shoothardly blame him for wanting to

this the loveliest and garden could crouched not move. Jan He tulips. the then I make And ing up—and all. finest of them following his eyes the chair, inlow azaleas, looking believe the it was

the drama of the room, his heart as if they were in technicolor, they You would have thought with pounding. This time the footsteps were so scarlet. everything coming along so wonderstreet. pass the notdid on They down last just at fully that would Gramp

it azaleas the I believe between was neighbor. in to This turndid a not it all in. sit no, But, take back and said that the violets what and Gramp this thetime, time thought Jan, every in the there out garden he was

his "last this being did about he at their door. wasenemy other, or day, doing some something

I told that don't garden."he know

for a her stood with moment Moe or or spraying some pruning bug I alelse, but and anybody Gramp the polished on beamshands wooden ways had been pretty close, taking weed pulling or something.

if to asof the she door had latched, gather strength from the tall proud hikes together and playing mumbleWell, come June 15 and, sure to listening each other's peg and I perfect. looked everything enough, it ittree been. once knew had Jan

stories. awfully weary seemed Gramp this probcouldn't help but thinking all of a the heart brave couragetook

when he made that statement. "I ably was the most perfect garden sincefor her to raise her head and begin,

nice 15 be a think would June sitting the began. world steps, Gramp And to cross the room. slowwith

. said, date. fading his voice.."he

it the their taking all in seemed porch no on about doubt There was away. visitor. Jan could see the shiny brass to sink farther and farther away into

beltbuckle through the colored glass I'm not sure that anyone else would the depth of his chair, and I held panes of the door. have known what Gramp meant. But my breath, feeling that the end had

The mother opened the door slowGramp always had said that the last come at last.

ly. She looked first at the polished few days of June were when the

boots, and her eyes traveled slowly garden was at its best. Gramp was But, some minutes later, there was

past the smartly creased trousers, the simply saying this time that, because Gramp back out in the garden again, black leather of the belt, the swastikas spring had come a little earlier, the fussing around. "Weeds,"he said. "I

on the brass buttons, and finally to garden would be at its prettiest soonthought I had 'em all out. I guess I

er, of the about middle year a little too eager this and was June—and face ofthe the Nazi soldier—the to go. that's he wanted when always the fertilizing. overdid That soldier!blondhaired wondered Jan

if he had said it aloud, and then Actually, the garden seemed to be means a little weed trouble. However,

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i

this should be about the last of the lot."Gramp turned out to be wrong, though. The next day there were A Glass of MILK

some more, scattered about, in splurges, here and there. in EVERY Loaf

Well, that's the way it was all season. It would seem that Gramp

would have all the weeds out, once and for all, and the next day some more would come cropping out. And

Gramp tried all sorts of antiweed things, too. He not only tried chemical things, but he also tried burning

them out. But just as he seemed to

have some parts of the garden under control, why, some weeds would come sprouting out in other spots. Enriched

Well, that's the way it was all seawith Vitamins son long. Gramp vows it's going to and Iron

be different this coming year, though. Royal Baking Co

For one thing, he said he was going Salt Lake and Ogden at your Grocer's to give more attention to the garden this winter than he did the last. "I'm

going to get rid of all those leaves;,:. right away, for one thing,"he said. morvwe

"Letting leaves accumulate will sour k FOLDING the soil, you know, get you mushBANQUET rooms and all kinds and manners of - TABLES weeds."

Then, with a sigh and a faraway Direct Prices look in his eyes, Gramp said, "Next Discounts to season will be my very last garden also Churches, Schools, and the finest one of all."I think and all Institutions

Gramp may be just a little wrong Thompson'sDefies CostlyWaterMoistureSeal's deepDamagepenetratabout this, though—on the first count, ing protection seals pores of all porous

materials brick, concrete, stucco, wood, I—anyway. thing for One do know TRUCKS etc. canvas, (indoors; outdoors). Helps storingMONROE sure, is however, that that and while Forthe. Chairstruck easy wayTables eliminate moisture mildew, weathdamage, modernFoldingtables EachandConstrue

it of stain. handlestion er No. storage chairspermits disTransparent, a residue big be or TSCor to nuisance no may pullStorage keep Transport eitherTruckspace. in limited No. Truck TS coloration. brush, spray, or Use mop it's ing out weeds, even more work

ft. their inquiries sq. to Church Units to to Gal. the roller. covers may direct 400 up At

Church Purchasing Department,keep replanting them. 47 East paint, stores, building hardware, or supply South Temple. Salt Lake City 1, Utah. direct, Qt. $1.55; Gal.'$4.78 ppd. No.

THE MOWIO COMPANY C.O.D.'s. E. A Thompson Co, Inc. West249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA ern Merchandise Mart. San Francisco 3,

California.

The Bible Comes to Life

(Concluded from page 25)TT'our keepers and two landscape WE OFFER...

COMPLETE A* gardeners Dr. Shulov now help SERVICE ENGRAVING

run acres his zoo. Seven have been If you plan to bind your From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

added to the original twelve. EarnCatalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attentionings from admissions and the small ERAS annual subsidy granted by the city UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

support the zoo and provide for the a 3 -cent stamp sent to 231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah

purchase of new animals.

The Improvement Era Jerusalem's zoo is a wonderland of scripture. By linking growing plants 50 North Main Street

and living animals with the Bible, it IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS gives the child—and the adult, too Salt Lake City 16, Utah Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

a sense of continuity the Biblical with throat and other minor mouth. soreworld. For has walked will reserve for you an irritations. one who and throat

past its legended cages and enclosures, reading along not the way, only the Annual Index 1956 HALLS REMEDY inanimals its the Bible but also people have new reality. <t<-i>-iO'-o-ma+U'm+<>4aO'Salt Lake City, Utah'<: wi o—o-u-mno*

JANUARY 1957 63 s-IMWS-K m YOE PAGE EAGLE SCOUTS OF OQUIRRH STAKE REPORT Seattle, Washington

Gentlemen: For some years my family and I have enjoyed the Sunday morning * broadcasts of the Mormon Tabernacle, and especially the remarks of Richard Evans, before attending and working in the

Sunday School and church of another denomination. This year

the Seattle CBS outlet, station KIRO, has scheduled that program at 9:45 a.m., local time, when we must be at our church.

I am subscribing to your magazine in the hope that we can thereby enjoy the talks we have missed so far.

Sincerely, /s/ Clare Mendenhall

Live Oak, Calif.

Dear Editors:

Inuring the flood this past December in Yuba City, we had five families of our children in the flood—one, our daughter, a

widow with four children. That was when we really appreciated

brothers and sisters in the gospel and our welfare program. A

few months later when I got time I picked up my Era to read and saw my son's picture with workers cleaning out mud and debris from his garage in his home. Our hearts are filled with gratitude

to our Heavenly Father for his goodness to his people, and to all who have helped both here and in welfare work everywhere, and for our Prophet and leader in his Church. We appreciate our Era,

too, and you faithful workers.

Sincerely, /s/ Mrs. W. E. Johnson

(left) years fourteen old Taylor both Wright, and RonaldDob

Massachusetts Adams,** live they in the Scouts, Eagle (Utah) Oquirrh became when.Brethren: DearStake. office of Priesthood. the teacher in the hold Both Aaronic

issue of Era completed Improvement September The T'he my is in in Spencer the SpencerBob Ronald Second Ward, Ward. Bob

it, of as first the year of receiving and a member my first year of of Mrs.son Mr. and Spencer is the Taylor son Mr. and Ronald J.

and Mrs. C. L. Wright. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The subscription

was a baptismal gift, and it was about the best gift I ever received.

I am the Era director for Pittsfield Branch and certainly am glad to sell this magazine. Each issue has very fine articles and surely

has helped build my testimony.

I hope the Lord's inspiration remains with you in publishing this

Princeton, West Virginia magazine and that his blessings will be with you all.

Dear Editors: Sincerely,

T would like to tell you how thankful I am for The Improve- /s/ Brother Wandrei

It I Era. keeps since the touch with Church, ment me in am Wisconsin Appleton,

privilegednot to often. attend very our meetings Editors: Dear

I to the questions the Through answers Era found have many this, T just returned as writing in a little I have late now am

I've I desired to entire answered. the have reading enjoy Era and

of being part the from summer. awayespecially the page. Question""Your

I published tell to the you pleased with want way vou how I am sister, Sincrely your issue. photograph in sonnet, "Laboratory,"your August The my P. /s/ Audrey Jones

appropriate. most was

that very you you happy Thank found my poem much. I am Editors:Dear

of featuring. such worthy sincere to f express thanks deepest to most you and and wish my yours, Sincerely

all of Era. the publishing to with connected Improvement The Wright Kathryn /s/

I as I stareceiving to each look copy month, forward my am (Mrs. R. B. Brown)

is in the at southerntioned base small and a Era army Germany the only way I have of keeping up with the Church news in the Calgary, Canada states. Dear Editors:

all this bless the people inspiring magazine make who May God As changed like advise to that I have my address. you would

all the world. overpossible for us in uniform men old address. *[ sending requested you attached by my you I am

Yours sincerely, My new address will be /s/ Pvt. Walter K. Vickers S. T. von Hasenberg

US Army 70124 Avenue NW Calgary, Alberta Mesa, Arizona Canada Dear Editors: At the same time I wish to thank all that have been working on

T just had to write and tell you how wonderful the November The Improvement Era for the wonderful job that they are doing.

-*- Era is. The organization of the Church has been a very im- I am always eagerly looking forward to The Improvement Era.

portant reason why I am a Mormon. Just imagine getting a picIt was through this magazine that my parents got interested in

ture of all the General Authorities, as well as all the general boards, the Church. I really got a big thrill from my mother's letter when

etc. Oh, it is wonderful. she asked me if I could possibly send her a subscription on The

"Man and the Gospel"by B. H. Roberts is so fine, I felt I could Improvement Era. This was according to my mother more imporjust "hear"him speaking in the Tabernacle. tant to her than any other magazine that I offered to send her. They

The stories are good, and I love the Today's Family pages. All live in Maderia and as far as we know they are the only members

in all, this one Era is worth the price of the entire year. of the Church there. Now my sister and her family in Indonesia

And now as I close the Era after reading it all I also thank you are showing signs of interest and she is very carefully trying to for the beautiful picture of the Salt Lake Temple. find out what her parents and brother believe and why do they

Sincerely, believe this. Thanks again for your truly great magazine.

/s/ Enid Horsley Your brother in the gospel.

64 MDTHE IMPROVEMENTIMS ERA I A NEW AND DIFFERENT KIND OF HOSPITALMEDICAL-SURGICAL INSURANCE

TO AGE SEVENTYFIVE!

YOU MUST COLLECT...either in Benefits or in Cash Refund

r=\ GREATLY NEEDED FEATURES NEVER BEFORE vl> COMBINED IN 1 "HOSPITALIZATION"POLICY'

YOU GET ALL THESE ADVANTAGES:

Ow It cannot be cancelled or dis- J*lt accumulates "cash value"continued by the company, even if for you or your heirs you become a "poor risk"If you drop this policy anytime year, the second the comfor revolutionary a after feature A will i t contingent a pay you pany x,m r health accident rate low and stays well, that if he says in John "And refund amounts premium policy: the cancel only can you

back!"get will $5000.00 he plainly are printed which on policy! long as the you pay As

If policy. die, the the cash you policy SIX the premiums, UNremains OF THE IS ONLY THAT ONE AND

heirs. value is paid to your until in force to or the age 75 OFFERED NEVER BEFORE FEATURES USUAL

1 full paid. face value has been PUBLIC RATES THE AT SUCH AMERICAN LOW

never be reduced can 4-Benefits LIFE & CASUALTY BANKERS COMPANY 23<a Rates cannot be raised..ever! in 701 Benefits listed to challenge can again the entire Insurance dares NC

Even if you insure a small never be reduced. The policy Industry—by offering the public a sickness and child, the low, low infant rate remains—unchanged—until accident policy so different that every reader will

will never be raised when he age 75 or until the full face value want to get every detail of every outstanding reaches manhood or old age. has been paid in benefits. feature. Forget everything you've ever heard

about "hospitalization"insurance. This remarkinsurance

will not AND THEN THIS MONEYBACK REFUND! ableexpertsnewsaypolicy,is 10 NCyears701—whichahead of itsmanytime—

only help pay the bills when you are sick or hurt:

in benefits value: are you when full receive value it face the You well! will stay back even you money you pay >>

in sick hurt, or a conas cash in If policy force, collect you keep your youif must policy in benefits refund! or of your if tingent refund you premium of face cent every are you value—whether force, in well, policy in stay your keeping or a combination By is well! sick or 701 to guaranteed renewable NCthe full collect face of at maturity. the the must you two policy or until of value face age 75 the the has

been paid to you. Mail the coupon for details of

..WITH ALL THIS PROTECTION, TOO! theage. benefitsThere isandno costschargethatfor applythis informationat your presentnow

2. Doctor's Bills at specified or ever, and no obligation to buy.

All five of the costs j+ of sickness rates. In or out of the hosLegal Reserve Stock Company An OldLine pital. injury or accidental are covered COVERAGE LIFE INSURANCE; ACCIDENT AND BROAD OFFERING

SOME GUARANTEED RENEWABLE HEALTH AND specified at Fees OF THE COMPANY OTHERS AT OPTION ONLY RENEWABLEPOLICIES, 701 pays from $3000 NC to 3. Surgeon'srates. of In or out for and $7500 from women pital. & LIFE CO. the hosBANKERSAND CASUALTY for to $2500 $5000 dependmen

ing on your age at time of 4. Hospital Extras (oxygen, HOME OFFICE: CH ICAGO 30, I LL.

issuance. It includes specified iron lung, ambulance servamounts for: ice, etc.).

MAIL THIS "FREE INFORMATION"COUPON 1. Hospital Room and Board, 5. Medicines prescribed by

(including general nursing your doctor. In or out of Thisyour isrequestnot anforapplicationfree information.for insurance.No obligation.It is merely care). the hospital.

clearly policy. available are printed exact in your amounts The

LIFE & BANKERS CASUALTY COMPANY collect limit only can is the face on the you total amount The Dept. 2550

limitations policy. periods Exceptions, waiting value of the and W. Ave., Lawrence Chicago 30, 4444

are clearly stated in the policy. Illinois

*Only Bankers Life & Casualty Company Offers Policy NC 701 andGentlemen:benefitsPleaseavailablesupplyto memewithunderinformationyour newonpolicyrates

I understand there is no charge or obligation. illness, rest acts of war, simple

in the year cures, NCI was701.born disease, heart Hernia, the policy. Theetc.,—arefew exceptions—mentalclearly stated in

tuberculosis, tonsilectomy, etc., covered when originating six MR, MRS., nr MISS

after policy. issuance Benefits for other of the months illnesses ADDRFSS

; benefits of policy for accidental days after begin 30 date that ZONE or

injury begin from the first day. Policy NC 701 is not yet available 0ITY RR U STATF

in all states. Send name today.J See if youJ are eligible. 8 L * C. Co. HOME OFFICE: CHICAGO 30, ILLINOIS 090017

wmmmKmMmmmmmmmmammmmsmmmmmmmammmamimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm f

HAr D *fc D"* WU /7>a<*>,HER Today it's the "doit-together"way for family playing... and family planning. The whole family

helps decide where to go, what to do, and what to buy... including life insurance.

Beneficial's Family Income Plan helps keep families together

Here's a plan that offers "protectionplus"for gage and billclearance cash she might need. At

the average family with limited insurance dollars the same time, it builds up cash values for emerbut a great need for insurance coverage. It gives gencies, and offers sizable retirement benefits.

you the greatest benefits at the time you need The cost? It's surprisingly low. For details, call

them most—and at a very low cost. It protects your local "man with the plan"—your Beneficial

your children during their "growing up"years. Life agent.

It assures your wife the monthly income or mortBENEFICIAL LIFE 'mum/ice ompanu 41 West South Temple VO/ Salt Lake City, Utah

David O. McKay, President