0$ ".,.- HlmprouemenfEra

:....:i, mm,

lf 4 m

S#

/: r

.-'.*"-'SS

:* Wf *;

w -.

""-Mfcfi

FEBRUARY, 1943 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH!-

zJatWulaii zJ bulled a cake

... my masterpiece! It was easy, with Mothers Something to cling to and fight for. it But now

heatcontrolled gas oven. When we build our own the entire gas industry of the West is on a war

house, I'm going to have a gas range, too. footing, it We, you, all of us have just one job

TOMORROW! Thousands of young couples to do. Let's speed it along... work, conserve,

eat right, live right; durationize appliances;

will enjoy postponed happiness... in charmsave scrap and kitchen fats; buy War Bonds, it

ing, new allgas equipped homes. They'll have

Let's hasten that better tomorrow!

gas appliances employing new materials, new ideas; finer than any we've known. Tomorrow. MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

SERVING THE WEST WAR AND PEACE flQ- I I W>"I

This Delicious, Nourishing BetweenMeal Snack tfS.—So Easy To Flit—

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.,

Without Fuss or Bother!

Come peoples, like the Arabs, have ** musical scales which have more

it's differences notes fundamental to grand between BUSY DAYS QN that your know package of recthe scalethan Arabs we use. The

Bee is Grahams by Purity quartertones, ognize equal to half the Honeyready to the insistent meet demands smallest difference in pitch between of growing children for betweentwo notes of our scale. Other scales, meal snacks—ready to provide that

such as the old Gaelic, are simpler, and extra measure of nourishment that healthy, active children vitally so asmelodies such Syne""Auld Lang need....ready without fuss or bother. thecan be played black on keys alone. Look for the Rich Brown Package!

About half a million small areas on * the skin which are sensitive to touch 5 Honey Bee Grahams areand pressure touched by fur when With A Glass of Milk cat. stroke ayou

Actually DOUBLE the '"p'HE gravitational attraction of the Nutritive Value of Milk!

earth for the moon, which keeps the moon rotating around the earth, is equal to the force which would break a steel cable 260 miles in diameter.

Clip and Send Today PurityPleaseBiscuitsendCo..mySalt FREELake copy of "Cartoon

Tn an ordinary year the North Sea for Cookery."

-1 yields between three and four hunName tons of herring,dred which thousand billion five to six separatemeans fish. Free Recipe Book AddressCity State

-f——did not smoke Abraham Lincoln

DESSERTS GELATIN flavors tobacco in any form. ROYAL7 exquisite for a va-

***": dessertsriety of colorful,and salads.appetizing

npHE Egyptian author of the Rhind ROYAL PUDDINGS to B.C.) Papyrus Chocolate, (1650 was able Vanilla and

Butterscotch, also Vanilla tricalculate the of rectangles, areas Tapioca and Orange Coconut Tapioca. ofangles, circles Smooth, the and volumes and

creamy and wholesome.cylinders prisms; also he and knew that

in a right triangle the relation between the lengths of two sides determines one of the angles. Since the relation between the diameter and circumference

of a circle of instead not known, was PBYAT

VANIttA of they a fractionpi squared, used 16/9.PUDDING ROYAL SALAD GELATIN

is less perin error thanwhich one by a With delicious flavor, notcent. sweet. Grandmeatlikefor I

meats, moulded u for jellied and soups.fish, salads |CHOCotAT8pfVD&ttjG

Camuel de Champlain, the early FLEISCHMANN'SYEAST French explorer, made a voyage to The household fa- W TAPioc, vorite of four genin inCentral 15991601, and America erations. mmTftPjo Cft rich Extra

the journal idea he kept is the which Bi, A, v;-: '-::,.

G. inD andvitamins ROYAL BAKING POWDER a canal.of Panama

special baking The powder for cakes. The only nationally distribATTen of good character and sober powder.uted Cream of Tartar baking Standard brands A habits are better fighters than the

"tough guys who are always breaking of California up the 'pubs,'"and stand better the strain of service on fighting ships, according to Rear Admiral W. R. Patterson of the British Navy.+—GOSPEL STANDARDS

By Heber J. Grant

HpROUT live in swiftflowing, clean water because they need water The enduring testimony of the President of the Church which has large amounts of dissolved ORDER NOW oxygen. They need about nine parts $2.25

millionper dissolved of gaseous oxygen in the fish THE BOOKCRAFT CO. P. O. Box 63 Salt Lake City, Utah water; carp and some other

{Concluded on page 68) 7ImprooementEra 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

FEBRUARY, 1943 Heber J. Grant,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Richard L. Evans,Managing Editor

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Marba C. Josephson,

Editor Associate DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT General Mgr.

COMMITTEE. OF EDUCATION, MUSICMENT Mgr. WARD LucyGeorgeG.Q.Cannon,Morris,Associate

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

(Do IfouuJinow—

Reward of Conscience Heber J. Grant 75 When ice will melt in a liquid colder than itself? 68

On what occasions the army forbids

Timber for the Nauvoo Temple F. W Draper 76 smoking? 70

of Lincoln's letter to nature The Part Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California, V Mrs. Bixby?... 74 82 Bailey Paul

United Orders, Conclusion William R, Palmer 86 Where timber for the Nauvoo temple logged? was 76 Is Angel? Reconciliations: Evidences an and LXIIL—What

in choir pioneer succeeded a 97 How A. Widtsoe John

heart of a great touching the of Missionary, CongreThree-Time Music: Jack N. The Tempo general? 78

- gational Singing, 88 Alexander Anderson

To All Farmers 88 Schreiner 112 How girls on the home front can

The Church Moves On 93 Mutual Messages: avoid unwittingly aiding the

Priesthood: Melchizedek 105 Executives 1 13 enemy? 80

Cultural Arts The Work of the Seventy.-. 107 be considered to be the may 113 Who 114 Special Interest Aaronic 109 first "Californiac"? Ward Teaching 110 M MenGleaners—115... 82

Genealogy: A Rustling of Explorers 115 In what ways the United Order exLeaves, Ora Pate Stewart...-111 Juniors 1 15 periments in Utah justified themTest of Faith 112 Scouts 115 selves? 86

BeeHive Girls 116 What special counsel is being given

SfinciaL 3>8JOtWlSlA, farmers for 1943? 88

A Latterday Saint who is a lieutenGeneral Sherman and the Parowan Choir...Lowell M. Durham 78 ant colonel in the U. S. Air Force

To the Girls Behind the Men Behind the Guns.-Hugh B. Brown 80 at the age of twentytwo? 93

Washington's Will Restored Julia A. Wolfe 84 Some suitable books for young

Exploring the Universe, FrankThe Book Rack 92 folk? 102

lin S. Curiosities Harris, 65 Bible 92 Jr About New York's "Stake Door

Telefacts 68 Surprise, Lilliace M. Homing: Canteen"? 128

It's in the "No Smoking"When Mitchell 98

Army, Paul O. Morgan 70 Your Snapshots May Have

Recording, Charles E. Aztec

Military 98 Value EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE AND 71 Dibble OFFICES: Hints 98 Handy of Attitudes Religious The Street, Salt City, 50 North Utah. Lake Main B. Corner, Josephine Cooks'Strong.. 72 Noted Men, Leon M.

Inc.. 1943 Funds, a Mutual Corby Lincoln's to Letter Nichols Bixby.. 74 Mrs. the 99 porationCopyright Mutual Men's Improve'Young of

It for Doesn't Can't Youth Books Young Folk, Marba Know Association the ment Jesus Christ Church of of rights reserved. Saints. Latterday All Subof 102 90 Sears C. Josephson Be Done, Jack

price, scription in $2.00 advance; a year, 20c Signs, 122 Index to Advertisers Some S. Edward Money single copy.

Williams 90 Your Page and Ours 128 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

fatitoUcd/L. mailingfor in sectionat special1103.rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917,

authorized 2, 1918. July L. 96 Richard Against Evans the World

not responsible Improvement The Era is 96 L. Richard Evans Will They Not Follow""A Stranger for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes

tributions. manuscripts All accompanied must be

sufficient for delivery postage return and Recreation in the Home Richard L* Evans 96 by conSittdsUu, {pjo&i/u, QhDAAio&vdL (pu$%lsL NATIONAL ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES

P. Sharp 85 Old Man's Story..... James The

First P. K. Edmunds Kingdom The 89 SaltSan LakeFrancisco:City: EdwardFrancis M.S. MayoTownsend

Frontispiece: Poetry Page Mount Rushmore 91 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle Scriptural 73 Memorial Crossword Puzzle....126

Prayer for a Young Girl, Edna Idle Words, Jeremiah Stokes.... 116 New York: Dougan and Bolle

S. Dustin 81MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Qovsih* CIRCULATIONSJJul HPhis winter scene is the work of Quentin Howard of Salt Lake City. It reminds us

*- somehow of the Orson F. Whitney hymn: "The wintry day descending to its A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

close/invites all wearied nature to repose, and shades of night are falling dense and fast, like sable curtains closing o'er the past"MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

going 4ezMl 1* mSk'Zfepy***"m MilSSiS!

mm

1 fur 'ill

"Temember what the dealer said when I brought

XX you home, Ollie? He told us you were the

111 biggest, sturdiest sonof-a-gun that ever pulled a plow. He certainly said a mouthful.

"And he told us you were a game guy who would harrowing, go along with me on any job—plowing,

cultivating, spreading, harvesting. He said you'd

never complain—that you'd never have to be

pampered. And he was right there, too.

"Ollie, we've been through a tough year together—and we've got a tougher one ahead of us.

We've been in the fields early and late on many to see that friendly SAYS: a day. So now, we're going back OLIVBK let dealer a thorough and him give you eqtiipment later Oliver stuhdy year. to get goingover for next ready You've you

—but, m 1 got that coming to you—and the Oliver dealer is - the man to do the job.:- "Then, when spring rolls 'round, we're going to

2. Keep biggest the again—doing tions ti9w

ignition and electric us."had ahead of?#* job—better—we'vebe out there in the fieldsever

1 I a Keep cl sY*tem. clean ind + + + *

carburetor tractor Oliver like your the trustworthy o and as reC"Treat Change 5. it is. friend This yearStates let your Mountain ommended

dealer give other your it and thorough tools a 6. Maintain checkup. to too. Get them him early, He's

going to be mighty busy. You take care of

every nunute counts, bette your Oliver tools and they'll take care of you!

STATES IMPLEMENT CO. SS5Z*"MOUNTAIN OGDEN. UTAH

Branches: Murray and Tremonton, Utah; Preston, Blackfoot.

Idaho Falls. Shelley, Twin Falls, Buhl, Rupert,

Sturdy&who*** and OliverRexburg, Idaho. 67

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

T EUFACT BRITISH AIR RAID CASUALTIES VS. U.S. ACCIDENTS HOW your implement

dealer can help you in this emergency

Since ihe beginning of World War II.

43,000 English civilians have been killed in air raids

Zl I I f In 1941 mS 102,500 Americans were killed in accidents

Pictograph Corporation

Exploring the Universe "\T7hen"* Thunderboltthe full armamentfighter planeof theis beingnew ( Concluded /rom page 65 used, kinetic energy is being given to these food days when maximum TN half as bullets get horserate much. at the can with of Most the 3600 by * essential, is production so new if fishes it the in engine die twentyfour hours take power. an would Thus get, to farm hard so equipment and

is less 3.5 concentration bullets than get of that the to oxygen moving power it's real mighty help farm problem, a

important to take care of your tractor p. p.m. and in two days with two p.p.m. if powder were not used.

and farm equipment as never before. at a temperature just above freezing. +

tested fish All that of species been have—this is your The to help you do man sepametals be can now "Waluable is if less die the than oxygen one p.p.m. dealer. implement check Have him

using ores lowgrade * rated from by of species for regularly. occasional except over your equipment an From

long experience and thorough familiAmeiurius melas. a process in which the ore is "sprayed"

arity he knows better than anyone with electrical charges. The separaelse repair to service and how is electrically attracting tion representations made by Tivid the \ him. farm from machinery you bought * particles the somemetal out charged bison, oxen, of animals—deer,manycolored

filin dealers a particuare Deere iron as John a magnet can pick up what rhinoceros, and horses resembling modlarly to help with position you good of test ninetyfive percent In one in an ings. found Shetland ern ponies—are Since equipment. Deere your John tin the lowgrade from a removed was prehistoric important cave near Monthey have Pearl Harbor, before long

ore. Breuil. tignac, France, by L'Abbe... modernizadding been new tools

ing their shops... improving their 4

.. unprotected, boards, and when providing practices new shop of ice in freezer mixture a an cream Tn services. better.are equipped in They resulting rapidly, too to dry T OGStend liquid ice, ice salt melts the and tractor give to your before than ever presplits checks. be can This and

itself. is colder than that service of the kind and equipment inA asimilar the of protecting the ends vented by perefficiency that is assures and peak saturated steam found anomaly when synsolution of with lumber green a life. their throughout long formance in is salt into solution of a passed wathe starch, thetic solving urea with now

GENUINE PARTS IMPORTANT problem of how to make the urea stick. ter, until a balanced temperature is

Your John Deere dealer sells you The starch, an ordinary household proreached, when steam is being congenuine John Deere repair parts duct, can be made from many farmdensed in water at a temperature higher parts which are exact duplicates of grown crops. than the steam has.

those they replace, made to the same specifications, by the same workmen, on the same machines. John Deere

repair parts fit and wear like the originals. TEUFACT

3 DEERE SEE YOUR his store DEALER COOP STORE your headquarters Make for expert mechanical service and repair parts. Also see him about urgently needed new equipment. While he

can't supply you with all the new machines you might want, he can perform a real service for you in conditioning your present equipment to meet the unparalleled demands of this national emergency.

sSSpp 3 OUT OF EVERY 4 SCOTTISH FAMILIES QUALITY EQUIPMENT FARM ARE SERVED BY COOPERATIVES

Pictograph Corporation

\f Baby *s

Make this three way test—sample baby's

foods yourself for (1) flavor (2) color (3) texture! You'll understand why

Packed At Flavor Peak mothers everywhere are so enthusiastic There's no guesswork about the about Heinz Baby Foods! freshness of the ingredients Heinz

uses! Topgrade vegetables are

harvested at the very peak of sure way to satisfy yourself that kitchens close by the fields!ONE flavorful ripeness and hustled to

baby's getting the meals he deserves Nutritive Content Closely is to sample his foods yourself/ Look at Watched the fresh, enticing color of Heinz Strained captured Vitaminsare retainedand mineralsin highthusdeFoods—note the smooth, fullbodied texgree by scientific cooking and

vacuumpacking in enamellined ture—then taste that tempting, wholesome tins! And scientists in Heinz Quality

Control Department check samples flavor! See how Heinz Strained Foods live regularly to make sure that this

varies! content never Noup to Heinz famous 74 years'reputation nutritive

confiplace such wonder mothers for outstanding quality and uniformity! dence in Heinz!

17 Delicious, ReadyTo-Serve Strained Foods 1. Vegetable Soup with Cereals and Yeast Conagus. 11. Mixed Cereal. 12. Prunes with Lemon

centrate. 2. Beef and Liver Soup. 3. Tomato Juice. 13. Pears and Pineapple. 14. Apricots and

Soup. 4. Mixed Greens. 5. Spinach. 6. Peas. Apple Sauce. 15. Apple Sauce. 16. Beef Broth

7. Beets. 8. Green Beans. 9- Carrots. 10. Asparwith Beef and Barley. 17. Vegetables and Lamb.

12 Junior Foods—Unstrained, SpecialRecipe Dishes Designed To Help Furnish

The Hearty Nourishment Runabout Babies Require 1. Creamed Diced Vegetables. 2. Chopped 7. Chopped Carrots. 8. Chopped Mixed VegeGreen Beans. 3. Creamed Green Vegetables. tables. 9. Lamb and Liver Stew. 10. Pineapple

4. Creamed Tomato and Rice. 5. Chopped SpinRice Pudding. 11. Prune Pudding. 12. Apple,

ach. 6. Chicken Farina Vegetable Porridge. Fig and Date Dessert.

THESE TWO SEALS

MEAN PROTECTION FOR BABY Baby Foods (NZ

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

WHEN IT'S LIKE A LETTER 9lo Smoking!'FROM HOME!

IN THE ARMY By PAUL O. MORGAN

*\ Q,,rA \

X VPORATED? w Jl T'S LIKE a letter from home to see Morning Milk on the shelves of California grocers,"reports a Utah soldier stationed on the Coast.

Thousands of intermounwas very dark and so quiet your "But, sir,"interposed the "cougher,"tain folks are proudly IT mind conjured a thousand strange "I am in good condition. Everybody

discovering that this noises, and yet you knew there were coughs."

stillness. the deathly no noises—only finerthe everybody,"answered "Not Utahowned,

see wire barely the could barbed We lieutenant. to the turning flavored young evaporated Then milk All ten eyes entanglement yards away. in soldier scarcethat could a voice and is of the one most popufront, for the looking scanning were ly the rest the of he be heard men, by lar offered foods by straining ears sign of movement; any soldier asked, smoke?"you "Do The grocers the throughout off slightest for to the our sound—then officer therethe nodded; a gave him

states! 11 western right front

of his shoulders shrug youare and "K-kawf!"A cough! The enemy! It sounded turnedture. to the men to continue his lecYour Own like a 105 mm shell. Bolts worked,

into the a slipped chambers, policy choshas democratic army /\ur flare there up, a concenand went was to interfere the directly not - en with fire in tration direction the of of the MDMI1VG cartridges habits personnel. of personal the soldier cough.

hour, every on the whether march Once shouted "Lights up!"an exasperated

is listening "tento there or a lecture, a MILK lights in a voice, of truck a bank and this soldiers break."minute use The tactical semicircle reveal to a went on Utah's Only HomeOwned to rest, interval equipment, adjust or

training amphitheatre with hundreds majority scramble smoke. The vast rise of to soldiers Evaporated Milk of a natural seated on

light. for a the cellophane and pack ground, observing of infantry a phase

it story. Indirectly, is another however,

training. recreation the In Smoking; on hall—No in lieutenant charge advanced The

rifle Smoking; range firing the line—No called "stage"to the center of the and

all during in Smoking; formations—No right. his "All over shoulder—The

air raids during Smoking; gas drills—No figin the patrol now."can As come story about Read this true in the Smoking; and blackouts—No of ures darkness the materialized out

Smoking. to living mess yOUt r rriirrr*irii<5courageous halls—No all officer the be continued. can "You

this is only maneuvers. d glad d family

cough have cost MormonI enteredmen,thefullyarmyawareas manyof my youngbeing probably That would reand anticipating an odd entire strength of the patrol in cas- "different"5 the caught ception. However, I was almost ualties battle."in actual Gospel let In The quarterday. balance The my first can't off said, class "I to the he Turning

place. the master A. warehouse Widtsoe was John by Dr. absothe impress too on you much men

141 $1.25 pages: I of several talk started to with had lute perfect maintaining of importance

there THE IMPROVEMENT fellows ERA the physical to come you want condition—if

St. Salt 50 North Main Lake City of talk ings'recruits heading,"he back from where you're aboutabout—prospectsthe usual 'nothadded seriously. (Continued on page 120)

RECORDING-! 51

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Although Aztec historians and savants relied chiefly on a form of pictographic or ideographic writing, they were able to record skilfully considerable information and historic detail in a minimum of space.

It is no doubt true that the Indian paintings served to recall the principal happenings and relied upon native oral

.. Factories a "E's". not are awarded why THE in sitting for Every factory? the recosnition farm now, see A-C Johnny 13 YEAR 3CAN to the can machine numbers down RABBIT

this eagle. beautiful earn seat throttle. Farmfirst serialCommando the the nudging (1518 IN I inof passing Regardless age, every machine AZTEC

is at spection s dealer your AllisChalmers to itching for a chance be would He HISTORY). eligible. dealer's for your Watch Farm ComTractor School, your see how smooth the outfit runs, mandochance toMachineryget helpfulandtips from factorytrained

line repairing imup to lose. overhauled and painted up like new. experts.mediately.AboveThere'sall—not a minute

The tractor was his baby. How

that kid could put it through its paces! If he handles a tank half as

well... it will be curtains for anyone who gets in his way.

He's working in a different kind of field this year, plowing his way &&&% across a battleground somewhere over there. It's up to me now to

take the wheel at home.

I don't pretend to be a match for the boy, but I know this much.

tradition to complement and round out If we fail to keep the farm going full blast, if we neglect to put our the story. However, if and when necesmachinery in shape before it's too late... somebody in the world

sary, the chronicler recorded the names will have that much less to eat. And I don't want it to be my lad or

of the principal persons, the names of anyone fighting on his side.

the towns, and the exact day of the Shep, what do you suppose Johnny would think about our A-Cevent. (The Mexican calendar system

equipment now? Think he'd get a kick out of seeing it okayed bywas a variant of a chronological count

which existed and functioned at least the AllisChalmers dealer and enlisted in the Farm Commandos? I've

.. maybe162 A. D.) got a feeling he would be proud to see it Ready to Roll

A recently interpreted Aztec manuas proud as he is of that tank he's driving.

script illustrates admirably the nahow BETTER TO WARSTAMPS!BONOS AND UVINC> tUYtive scribes history. recorded INSPECT acThe BETTERi 3CFARMING TO EQUIPMENT <N YOUR PUIS CHfllMERScompanying illustration is taken from IT\ VICT OR Y>'TURNSCRAP!NOW!

the "Codice en Cruz,"which was written by an Indian historian soon after the conquest. A native scholar, viewing the illustration, would read:

"In the year '13 Rabbit'(1518) an

Aztec merchant traveling in the area of the Gulf (Gulf of Mexico) saw a shipload of Spaniards ( Juan de Grijalva ). They appeared bearing spears

(arms) and the cross."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

RELIGIOUS

ATTITUDES OF MwJmtu/tw SURPRISE PANCAKES NOTED MEN

Here's a new kind of sausage pancake prepared by Mrs. Farquhar, wellknown

home economist. They're easyto-make, tender, and have a rich flavor irom

buttermilk that's Waffle the already to Globe Pancake added and "Al"Flour. By Leon M. Strong waffles lunches, supper, meatless or night hot Try for Sunday "Al"pancakes

meals, and for a hearty breakfast. And for variety, remember Globe "Al"

Buckwheat Pancake Flour. It's delicious! Tn this day of irreligion it seems appropriate to "take stock"to see if great

the of outside the world, of SURPRISE PANCAKES characters religion, field been of have immediate and are devout men. This information

2 C. GLOBE "Al"PANCAKE 1 C. milk and may shed light on the most effective

AND WAFFLE FLOUR water, mixed way to cure the ills of our time.

1 C. bulk pork sausage, 2 eggs Thomas Jefferson has popularly been

well seasoned thought of by many people as an infidel.

Yet the Presbytery, during the formative period of the U. S. Constitution:

Measure GLOBE "Al"PANCAKE AND elicited the assistance of Thomas Jefferson

WAFFLE FLOUR. Cook the pork... [who] followed the highest reason in

sausage until light brown; drain off fat. his views of religious liberty.... The

Beat eggs slightly, add liquids, mixing work of Jefferson had an important influence in slowly, flour the pancake well. Add shaping1 legislation pertaining to religious

freedom. batter. into add beating Then a smooth

the sausage meat to the batter, mixing it well. Bake on a And again from Jefferson:

moderately hot griddle. The rights of conscience we never subsubmit; could not mitted, we we are anfor to our swerable them God. 2

this In period the formative same

Virginia issued a Declaration AssemblyGl0bG"A1"PANCAKE and WAFFLE FLOUR in of Rights they declared: which

Religion, or the duty we owe to our Creator, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence,...

It is the mutual duty of all to practice Chrisforbearance, love and charity towards OLD CHURCH tian other. 3 each

George Washington is reported to have said: I shall always strive to prove a faithful and ligion.

And further, in writing to Benedict WANTED Arnoldimpartial4 patron of genuine vital reFor enlarging its library of reference religion the of the of a councontempt As works, "THE ERA"IMPROVEMENT is MUCK GROWERS its ridiculing ceremonies, of of any by in of interested copies purchasing

.. its ministers has been ever earlier including publications Church

to resented, particularly are USE IRON AGE tryaffrontingdeeply. be you

Brothers, Wheatfield, Indiana, chamTHE MILLENNIAL STAR Jachim officer restrain soldier to careful every and

Iron potato pion growers, Age used have to punimprudence such folly, and from for years. planters photograph The many JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES and6

it. their instance ish of present automatic every tworow above shows

Planter, Potato equipped Age THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Iron with extra In his farewell address Washington land. steel wheels wide for muck

TIMES AND SEASONS said: three Frank, The and brothers—Joe,

Iron saying: equipment Age byEd—pay indulge the supposicaution us with Let significant and other Church books

it difficult find to very would to wetheir tribute"... tion morality that without be obtained can Iron farm equipment."without Age or Write phone to religion. be conceded Whatever may their planter the Brothers a Jachim Besidesown

Digger, Glove Kid Two and Row a Four structure, of peculiar experience reason and The Improvement 500 gallon Iron Age Row Crop Sprayer, a the influence of refined education on minds Planter. Iron Corn Age Row

that forbid national us to expect both moris all fighting out an war war—a religious ality of in exclusion in important as as which food ammunition. can 8 prevail

principle. time to Era AmericaThe equipment have is you save now

50 North Main Street and labor in growing more food must last.

Salt Lake City. Utah Keep what you have as well as you can. theXAU.ReviewS. in the0/ theCaseDecisionof Reynolds0/ the vs.Supremethe LI.CourtS., pp.of

dates, give names, and volume 4-6Hbid., pp. 8-9

conditions numbers, and 3Ibid.

of books offered. *R. O. Berg in Religious News Service

"Liberty magazine. Vol. 35, No. 2, p. 4

A. B. FARQUHAR CO., Limited, YORK, PA. Religious Education Digest, February 1940. p. 10

MOUNT RUSHMORE MEMORIAL, SOUTH DAKOTA.

GUTZON BORGLUM, SCULPTOR.

Reproduced by courtesy of E. R. Squibb & Sons

it should be our of characterTohighestthe distinguishedglory to addcharacterthe moreofdistinguisheda Patriot, a Christian. George Washington

have the consolation... of having added nothing to my

I private fortune during my public service, and of retiring with hands as clean as they are empty.

Thomas Jefferson

can think of nonobler cause for which to work than the

I peace of righteousness.... If I must choose between righteousness and peace I choose righteousness.

Theodore Roosevelt

malice toward none; with charity for all; with firmWith

ness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in; to do all which may

achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves, and with all nations. Abraham Lincoln

LINCOLN'S LETTER TO Wjul. ftixbtf

is of Lincoln nothis than in Thewheregreatmoreheartevident deeply moving letter which he wrote to a sorrowing mother over the loss of her sons through war.

White aearThrough! Today when many mothers again

are called to mourn, this letter may offer to them some of that same soPale sunlight, sifted through sheer white lace which it brought to the original curtains... filling your home with powTdered gold.., recipient of it.

banishing winter's warmedup mustiness... Executive Mansion

Springtime!... Curtain time... and more than ever, Washington, Nov. 21, 1864

FelsNaptha time. Because these fine fabrics must be washed To Mrs. Bixby, Boston, Mass.

clear through. Dear Madam. gently—yet so thoroughly they're white

Trust FelsNaptha's gentle naptha and golden soap for I have been shown in the files of this. Rich, active suds literally soak the dirt away. Make the War Department a statement of the

rubbing just a gesture. Adjutant General of Massachusetts

that you are the mother of five sons who

You need plenty of FelsNaptha Soap right now. have died gloriously on the field of

Because it puts an extra sparkle in Spring battle. I feel how weak and fruitless

House Cleaning. And because this fine, must be any word of mine which should

allpurpose soap is now on the list attempt to beguile you from the grief of marked, 'Mustn't Waste'. a loss so overwhelming. But I cannot

refrain from tendering you the consolation that may be found in the thanks of the republic they died to save. I pray

that our Heavenly Father may assuage the anguish of your bereavement, and leave you only the cherished memory of the loved and lost, and the solemn pride that must be yours to have laid so costly a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom. *&* Yours very sincerely and respectfully,

A. Lincoln warnsm (RjuvomL 4- CfwUdduw&L By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

never neglect our duty without there conies to us a punishment of conscience. But, on the other hand, there is a joy, a happiWE ness, a peace, and a satisfaction that comes to the human heart through the

fulfilment of the duties devolving upon us that brings a great deal of comfort.

If a man has the assurance within his own heart that he is worthy, and that he is laboring to the best of his ability to do good, he can stand up under the condemnation, the criticism, and the censure of those by whom he is surrounded. But if a man does not know within himself that his conscience

is void of offense, he is not happy, he is not satisfied, although perchance he may have the praise, the commendation, and the support of all his associates and of the community in which he lives.

Far better, my friends, that we shall be able so to order our lives that we will have consciences void of offense, that we can supplicate our Heavenly Father to guide and direct us in all the walks of life, and can feel that we are blessed of the Lord, than it is for us to have the praise and approval of the community in which we live. The reward of a man's conscience

is far better than the praise of those who cannot read his heart.

I know that some of the labors that I have endeavored to accomplish have brought upon me the criticism of the Latterday Saints; yet, knowing

that these labors were in the interest of the Church of God, I was willing, rather than to step aside and not try to accomplish that which I felt assured was for the good of the community, to stand up under the criticism many times of some of my dear friends.

We have come upon the earth for the purpose of gaining an experience.

We have been placed upon this earth because of our faithfulness in having kept our first estate. The labors that we performed in the sphere that we

left before we came here have had a certain effect upon our lives here, and to a certain extent they govern and control the lives that we lead here, just the same as the labors that we do here will control and govern our lives when we pass from this stage of existence.

It has been revealed to us, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, that whatever degree of intelligence we shall attain to in this life, the same will rise with us in the life to come. It is because of this knowledge that we will

have an advantage over those that are negligent, in the life to come. It is

now explained to my mind how some come into this world without any particular degree of energy or desire to labor for their fellows and for the spread of righteousness; in many instances it is because of their failure to

have kept their first estate with diligence and with fidelity. It will be explained in like manner in the life to come that those who are faithful will

have this promise that I have referred to fulfilled upon their heads, and that the degree of intelligence which we attain unto here will give us the advantage there.

I would urge upon us all to labor with zeal and with all the power that we possess, so that we may have the approval of our labors by our own conscience and by our Heavenly Father, and that we shall be prepared and qualified to enter into His presence, and there to have wisdom and intelligence to press forward in the labors that will devolve upon us in the life to come.

.

TlMBERtie, NAUVOO TEMPLE

relAmongative theto theearlyearlytraditionssettlement pROM "An Unwritten Page of Early Clark and of Clark County (WisconJackson County History"appearing in the "Neillssin related older ) was one by the setville Press"Neillsville, Wisconsin, January 23, 1936tlers that to of interest was me. Just

how much of it was truth and how much was fiction I was unable to deRiffles"to abletermine as no one seemed to no one seemed know say, By F. W. DRAPER early theseanything further the but supposed it was that than by on

banks of Black River extending settlers that people of the Mormon north from about the southern faith had at some time at a very du Chine to Black River, thence up boundary of Clark County to about early day settled along the river, the river to the lumber woods.

six or seven miles north of Neillsville done some clearing, and then abanIn searching the records in the by the river were several old cleardoned them, perhaps at the time of Wisconsin State Historical Library ings made in a very early day the exodus of the Mormons to Salt I found a pamphlet of corresponand known by the early settlers as Lake Valley. dence of Bishop George Miller, pubthe Mormon clearings. Also the river The first real information that I lished by him in 1855, in which he

drivers used to tell of driving logs was able to get from any one who gives a full account of the Black through the "Mormon Riffles"on knew and had lived within the presRiver valley logging operations.

Black River. Just why these old ent boundaries of Clark County at He states that the purpose was

clearings were called the "Mormon anywhere near the time these clearto furnish lumber necessary in clearings"or why the rapids below ings were made was sometime about building the temple and the Nauvoo where the village of Hatfield now 1905, when I came in contact with House, an immense building used stands were called the "Mormon E. M. Holden, who at that time to shelter immigrants until they

lived in Neillsville. In a conversawere established in homes.

tion with him he stated that he first Miller and several associates left came to what is now Clark County Nauvoo some time in May, 1841, in the early 50's, and at that time and came up the river to a point there were still some Mormon setabout fourteen miles below Black tlers along Black River, at Hatfield River Falls. This would be approxiand at Black River Falls. mately at the site of the present vilAs to why they were there and lage of Melrose. There they bought

how they first came he was unable a sawmill then owned by Crane and to state except that there was a Kits, then proceeded up the river rumor that they first came to cut and commenced their logging operpine logs for lumber to be used in ations at a point somewhere above the building of the temple at Nauthe rapids twelve miles above Black voo, Illinois, and that these settlers River Falls, which would be north were some that remained behind of the present village of Hatfield when their logging operations were (the rapids referred to by Bishop suspended,... Miller were ever after known by

the river drivers and the early seturing the summer of 1935, I deftlers as the Mormon Riffles ) initely established that the The logs were cut upon the banks lumber used in the construction of of Black River and its tributaries the Nauvoo temple and the Nauvoo and driven down the river to their

House was actually cut within the mill; there they were sawed into

present boundaries of Clark County lumber, and as the river was too low upon Black River and its tributaries by the time they had their lumber and floated down to Black River manufactured, they had to wait unFalls, where it was sawed into lumtil the spring of 1842 before rafting ber, then rafted down Black River the lumber to Nauvoo.

to the Mississippi and thence down Some time during the spring or the Mississippi to the city of Nauearly summer of 1842, they traded voo, which is situated upon the Illitheir mill to Jacob Spaulding for a nois bank of the river just north of mill that he had built at Black RivKeokuk, Iowa.... er Falls and thereafter their entire

In the search for lumber the admanufacture of lumber was at this vance guard of pioneer loggers left point.

Nauvoo, going by boat to Prairie Jacob Spaulding, a millwright by du Chine, then afoot from Prairie profession, joined an expedition or76

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

ganized at Warsaw, Illinois, in been issued by the Federal Indian 1838, and made the first permanent agent, whose post was on the Wissettlement at Black River Falls, and consin River, for the removal of all so continued a resident until his trespassing lumbermen. The Indians **.-

death, which occurred in January, were very friendly to the Mormons 1876. and it was decided that Bishop Miller

with return should and a companion this Miller time Bishop About to the Chief upon agency Oshkosh his tells of trouble which some river the to see Wisconsin if some party the with had Winnebago couldn't Inarrangements be made with in this dians, numerous were who future to the the agent relative part of the state at this time, and ting of timber upon Indian lands.cutaccording his account, to who, were traveled across the country They J$k, traders dealing persuaded by in to in the of afoot the agency dead

whiskey to make them trouble. Millwinter, a distance of forty miles

er and his associates called the Inthrough snow eighteen inches deep.

dians in council and explained their Here they found the agent hostile object in visiting this territory. Gifts to any agreement which they tried to

of food were given the Indians, and make, but the Indians continued the matter ended by some of the friendly and finally the agent reIndians the embracing Mormon luctantly to agreed confirm any the tribe as befaith and a whole agreement the Indians which made friendly, the disto coming much with to logs cut, them as already but comfiture of the whiskey traders. refused to consent to any further

May 12, 1843, Bishop Miller arcutting of timber upon Black River rived at Nauvoo from Black River until he had time to consult the auFalls with a raft of fifty thousand thorities at Washington. m

feet of pine lumber from the Black It appears that a satisfactory arRiver Falls mills, and also reported rangement was made with the Inthat the snow in the pineries had dians as the records show that durbeen two and a half feet deep the ing the summer of 1844 two rafts previous winter. of lumber were landed at Nauvoo,

there the of During 1843, summer one containing 87,000 feet and the M fifty inwere one hundred men the other 68,000 feet.

pineries besides the women and chilThis was the last lumber received dren; clearings were made north at Nauvoo from the Black River

river, thealong the scattered from pineries. Miller Bishop in his memfalls to or eight seven miles north of oirs states that shortly arafter the

the mouth of O'Neill Creek. In the rival of these rafts he was sent on a fx:

fall of 1843, they threshed five hunmission through the Southern states & dred bushels of wheat. and upon his return he found that

During this season timber was cut those left in charge of the Black upon the main river, the East Fork, River logging operations had sold

Wedges Creek, and the Cunningthe mill and their other holdings to ham and probably some upon O'Neill Black River Falls lumbermen and

Creek. The Cunningham was named most of the families had returned to

by them for one of their number by Nauvoo.

that name, who fell in the creek near The foregoing account is taken its mouth and was drowned. principally from Bishop Miller's acJuly 18, 1843, Bishop Miller arcount of logging operations upon

rived at Nauvoo with 157,000 feet Black River.

of lumber and 70,000 shingles which To this I will add some interesthe states were all sawed in two ing sidelights taken from other auweeks and brought down the river thorities.

in two more.

These extensive lumbering operTn THE Wisconsin Magazine of ations created jealousies among History of December, 1918—an

other lumbermen operating along article entitled "Alfred Brunson, the river and they informed Bishop Pioneer of Wisconsin Methodism,"

Miller that all of the timber in the by Ella C. Brunson: "1843: FolBlack River valley belonged to the lowing one stream after another he

Chippewa and the Menomonie Inreached the settlement of LaCrosse, dians. Evidently they also informed undergoing hairraising experiences

the Indians, for in January, 1844, enroute; thence he went upstream to

members of the Menomonie, ChipBlack River Falls, where he arrived pewa, and Winnebago tribes, before the caravan did. The mills

headed by Chief Oshkosh, came to at these falls were then in the hands

Black River Falls and informed the of the Mormons, who were preparMormons they were trespassing uping to build a city and temple at on tribal lands and that an order had (Continued on page 125) TrtSTH77 unaftaL Sh&hmwL A LITTLEKNOWN STORY OF MUSIC ON THE MORMON FRONTIER

By LOWELL M. DURHAM, MA*

"Drigham Young lost no time in personally calling Brother Durham to proceed to Parowan to direct the musical activities there. He arPhoto, Courtesy Wilford Durham rived at his destination, December

THE OLD PAROWAN "MEETINGHOUSE"12, 1856. Two days later, on a SunWHERE FOR FIFTY YEARS THOMAS DURHAM LED HIS SINGERS.

DAUGHTERS OF UTAH PIONEERS SINCE HAVE Utah, comis a small BUILDRESTORED THEParowan, ING OF IT AND MADE fifty hundred and munity two A HALL. RELIC

miles south of Salt Lake City.

It lies within an eightymile radius ofWest—Zionthree of theCanyon,scenic wondersCedar Breaksof the

National Monument, and famous Bryce Canyon. It lies approximately one hundred miles north of the

Arizona state line.

In size it has never exceeded the modest total of fifteen hundred people. Yet here, at this isolated point

in what was in early Mormon pioneer days nothing more than a wilderness, we find an interesting tale.

It is a story not readily associated with the conquering of the great

West, but it is one that is as integral a part of that epoch as was any other phase of the struggle. This is the

story not only of Parowan, but also ABOVE:SONS: WILFORDTHOMAS(RIGHTDURHAMFRONT),AND HISMANAGERFOUR

STORESTAKE'S OF PAROWAN WELFARE Springville, Nephi,of Provo, Logan,

HOUSE; REAR), MEMBER GEORGE

City, so on through BOARD: GENERAL H.SCHOOL(LEFT OFCedar and SUNDAY THE the bler or a wheelwright duringJ the

OF GENERAL THE MEMBER of them were."To ALFRED as manylong list of early Mormon communweek, T., COMMITTEE; AND MUSICM., THOMAS CHURCH Durham. he sent Thomas Parowan IN STAKE. PATRIARCH BEACH THE LONGities.

Lancashire, Engin Oldham, Born 13, January Parowan was settled TIME AT THE CHOIR BELOW: THE PAROWAN 1828, Thomas land, on IN 1909. May 2, DEATH OF THOMAS DURHAM'S of settlers headed1851, by a group

by Apostle George A. Smith, a couscrossed the Atlantic in a sailing vesin of the Prophet. Every communsel at the age of twentyeight. After

ity ever founded by the Mormons landing in Boston, he journeyed by was to be selfsufficient, and Brigrail to Iowa City, Iowa, which was ham Young, lover of song, made it as far west as the road then went.

part of his colonizing policy "to send From there, he continued westout with each colony a musical leadward across the plains with the iller to carry on that part of the Sabfated Martin handcart company in bath service even if he were a cobthe fall of 1856. Many of the group

as, barefoot, in the cold perished in a thesis, forms a chapter present article *The through their handcarts pushed in they written Music,"of Mormon Development"The

State University, at Iowa A. degree 1942 for an M. graduate the snow. The tragic remnant of pursuing is further Lowellwhere Durham

studies. the company arrived in Salt Lake in

Leah Gates and Susa Young D. Widtsoe, Life the dead of winter. 245. p. Brigham Young,Storu of

and the Parowan Choir the amusement, edification and instruction of the public. There is also organized here,

under the guidance of Captain Durham, a brass band, who have sent, per the transmittance of Brother D. O. Calder, for a set

of saxe horns—expected to arrive in a few days—which will add much to our facilities for the advancement of music and interesting the public. 3 We also have here a good string band.

Today that would not seem out of the ordinary. But eighty years ago

in Rocky Mountain country which

GENERAL WILLIAM TEhad seen permanent settlers less than

SHERMAN, CUMSEH seventeen exceptional years it was

FACIVIL HERO, WAR rural small boasting community HIS FOR "MARCH MOUS—a

SEA,"TO THE WHO its society choral of approxiown PAID HIS RESPECTS TO

THE PIONEER TALENT mately sixty voices, plus a brass

OF THE CHOIR FROM band and a string orchestra. ComPAROWAN.

munications were slow and uncertain in those early days. Instruments were scarce and expensive.

Yet these early Mormon communities with scarcely an exception boasted similar accomplishments.

Few such communities of like size today can say as much.

Tt is true that their first efforts were probably very amateurish. This

is clearly indicated in an account of the first public performance of the group:

This winter's amusements in Parowan

Courtesy Salt Lake Public Library have been of an interesting character. We

have just been treated to a firstrate conday, he took charge of the Parowan in his field in the old country. But certSaid bysocietythe occupiedParowan theHarmoniceveningsSociety.of the

choir and for fifty years thereafter, his first love had always been music. 31st, ultimo, and the 1st inst., in executing

until his death in 1909, he continued Much of the music for his group their wellarranged programme to large as its director. More than half a he copied by hand when only one and attentive audiences.*

also service! available. unfailing of comcentury copy was He first given This performance was

are now hymns which early many In those days ( and there are posed official after the in only ormonths two

Saint Latterday the feel those the too Hymn Book. same to be who ganization of the of group. Most

) In for had obtained true England he a impossible today it was selections of a fine the a rendered were musician to survive simply by his background of musical training. He patriotic nature, echoes of the Civil

organ, of the reed musical been a student a pursue had had to labors. He being fought. then the On sight War harmony, and composition, of trade while exmore remunerative such as "It's program were numbers

at Stalybridge, and talents his ercising musical or reading more in Dixie,"during All "Let Freedom Be Up departure prior to his the ten years the doing. sheer joy of so less from Battle even Cry,"and Our "Just BeThis was the case in Parowan. for America he had directed the fore the Battle, Mother."

in town. choir his home was a joiner Thomas Durham by church

interesting to is most But what disrecords the early as 1864 trained trade, an expert craftsman As is the fact to that "Hallelujah first his note results of tangible close the work in Parowan, when, in Novemthe God of Israel,"from Haydn's flat, "was ber of that year, he was instrumental Number One Mass in B in organizing "The Parowan Harcreditably performed by the whole5 for the Society, monic cultivation1 of society,So perhapsas theirtheir finishinginitial attemptspiece."music."sacred and secular

A permanent organization was efwere not so amateurish after all.

fected, headed by Thomas Durham Nor did the Society rest on its as president and conductor; also inlaurels. Two months later we find

cluded were a vicepresident, secrethem giving their next public concert.

tary, treasurer, and a board of seven The energy and initiative of these directors. Runs the record: early pioneers amazes us today. One

It is the design of this society to give a {Continued on page 122) series of concerts this present winter—for 'journal History, November 21, 1864, p.

-Deseret News, November 21, 1864 iDesecetjournal History,News, FebruaryFebruary 8,8, 18651865

JoiflSL $Vlfou fi&hincL ihs.

flJDJUL XJWL ACUf "Yfo"Jb L ADjtdWL—anxL ipiL mxi&L—i jjdul

would, dspuoL JthsL ansjmif

By HUGH B. BROWN

Coordinator of Latterday Saint Men in the Service

They do not agree that "men must which is indispensable to high morfight and women must weep."ale.

In this world conflict the front lines are often "behind the lines."'"These Latterday Saint men with

Civilians are playing a larger part whom you associate have high than in any war in history. It is a ideals, great hopes and ambitions,

war against the individual, where limitless possibilities, all predicated truth and error are locked in conupon the observance of certain rules flict, right opposed to wrong, good of conduct. Anyone who encourages

opposed to evil, Christ opposed to one of them to forsake his ideals and antiChrist. The first and most imyield to the temptations so prevaportant duty of every soldier is to lent in all armies, thereby weakens

choose whom he will serve. You, his armor, makes him vulnerable to

young women, also must decide the enemy, contributes to the downwhich side you are on and then you fall of one of our fighting men.

will have ample opportunity to prove Remember, the days of chivalry your quality. are not over. Men still go into the

In spite of, or because of, our joust with their "ladies'colors fastthe "All sheep long and day to their lances,"they do and of warened methods highly mechanized pasture, in the graze swine same those to live their best what up to is factor the chief fare, manpower the stream. drink from At same

eventide the sheep go to the fold, in determining the strength of an ladies expect of them. These men

the swine to the sty."* army. The total manpower of an want to feel as they go out to fight

army is the sum of the strength of that there is something in the world times of war, life's smelting prothe individuals. The fighting strength that has not gone to pieces. Their

INcess is accelerated by the concenof a soldier is not a matter of physithoughts of home, family, and the trated heat to which all are subcal fitness alone. Now, as never beverities of life include you, the girl

jected in varying degrees of intenfore, do stamina, morale, and charfriend, the fiancee. They want to

sity. In this fire much dross is conacter count in the struggle. Despite believe that there is still something

sumed, but there are refined such all our scientific progress and our sweet and clean and pure in the precious metals as courage, constanmodern methods, there is more opworld. To them you symbolize an

cy, fidelity, loyalty, valor, and heroportunity for individual initiative ideal.

ism. We appreciate these virtues and skill than ever before. With the Imagine, then, the awful letdown

when they appear on the battlecoming of tanks and airplanes we if you have become a victim of the field, where the individual is supturn again to the kind of fighting fiendish folly that passions and apported by the group, "with soldiers where man meets man in terms of petites must be ministered to and to shout and praise,"but when they quick decisions, coordination, and that you are guilty of whimpering emerge under less conspicuous cirsplit-second timing. "we can't say 'no'to a soldier."He

cumstances without the heat of batAnything, then, which will sustain may put you to the test, but all the tle or the bellows of music or cheers and strengthen the individual servtime he prays you will prove true.

or clangor of war, then they are nugice man will aid the cause of the If he is weak, he will thank God that gets indeed. United Nations. Any act or influyou are strong.

Some young women feel that their ence which lowers his morale or imThese men, finding themselves in inpart the is so program fitness surhis physical act of a environment, insignifipairs strange is an new and tocant leave little as opportunity greatinfluences sabotage. which chalmake your rounded by You can

to develop these qualities which we est contribution by making sure that lenge their concepts of right and applaud in our fighting men. They every service man you contact is wrong, may sometimes waver in

too wish to serve, to help, to do more strengthened by your influence, their determination to come out than merely cheer on the sidelines. made better by your presence, that clean. Some of their companions

in Ian is quoted Maclaren 'The above by a little when he leaves you, he will respect make light of what they have always entitledbook Altar by Carl Evening Wallace ThePetty and published bv Cooksbury Press, Nashville. you and retain his own selfrespect, held sacred. In cities, towns, and

TftjiyL fi&hbuL Uul imA.

his faith in himself and in his ideals soldier, his article Citadel Within,"a better back him send and "The IN in appeared which rethe Era take the last for Deor can away you cember. 1942, p. 786, Hugh B. Brown maining prop which sustains his

to had something to say men in the character and send him back the battle. private service about their own

Here, in fitting sequel, he addresses most pitiful of casualties, one himself to their companions on the wounded by his friends, betrayed by home front, who also must defend those he loves.

"the citadel within."When they visit you while on

leave, and be strong you must give Y'their strength. your them of Renew villages alcoholic beverages are

available to them, and certain of faith in the right by your own unyour sex who dishonor the name of wavering loyalty. Raise high the

woman prey on their loneliness. standards which perhaps they have

to back them droop. allowed Send temptations other These and many the process not armistice did stop faith and recharged with hope and conquer, they but meet must and disintegration. of selfesteem, knowing courage and fall will their imagine world how if soldier to a "no"must say for, is fight fine You to there something

if, find leave, apart they on when will proposes he anything which to. for, live to to Send come home yielding the that to too are you help the enemy. say would their You for stronger back them men these of devildominated downdrag if life stop with "no"your him and contact you. with Every you man days. treason, act of should he propose an that for better touch, touch be must

You also, perhaps with less veor you should be in quarantine as an and treason is giving help and comhemence, are engaged in the conflict, enemy of the state. fort to the enemy. What, then, if

battling against the animal appetites he proposes that you join him in an truth eternal spoke an Someone that at too soul."the "claw You If yield, act him? which unmans you

is the love he said, "Honest when temptation the struggle against must to untrue your not have you been that influence for powerful most good mediocrity. crudity of must and You to Americanism, your womanhood,

life; love's into enter so a man's can or not cheap must be to not thereby him? you and Have crude—you is disintegratcounterfeit the most of suction the struggle against war's If his in delirium the helped enemy?

ing."strike colors whirlpool not your and is calls for that harmful, he which you

and surrender to the enemy, for to We must remember that this war, must have the courage and the good surrender is to "rob existence of its too, will pass, will end, and there sense to deny him, even as a nurse value and personality of its sanctity."will be a return to such normalcy as would refuse a harmful drug to her

You must win this battle with youris possible. Then life must be lived patient in the hospital. What would

self if you would be ready for the and must endure the acid test of you think of a nurse who instead of great opportunity to strike a blow reality. Uniforms with their fadcourageously doing her duty, and

at the enemy when you are with a ing glamor will go into the discard, saving her weakened patient from man in uniform. You can restore the boys will be civilians again. You his folly, should add contagion to

and they must take up the business his wounds and then whimper, "I of living in a world which will seem thought he wanted me to, and I to be out of focus. Your world and tried to make him happy."Do you

PRAYER FOR A YOUNG GIRL theirs will endure the ordeal if you know what the soldiers call those to refuse to surrender they mediand girls foolish give to themselves who By Edna S. Dustin ocrity. be Bombed cities may false of patrithe under banner rethem

Dear God, her lovely eyes have not yet built, devastated areas may be reotism? They are known as "patrifelt claimed, bodily scars of honorable otic prostitutes."

tears; disillusionment acrid of The battle stains the but be healed, may to out of our want come men We east the orchid see at morning They melt of are character ruined the most lastthis in in faith with and war as blue appears; God Into a Dresden day

They watch the rainbow give its pastel ing of the terrors of war. themselves, faith in the American

hues life of determination to a and way flowers through drops its dancing To the of \X7*E aftermath remember who it, faith in the preserve improve and rain;

of the not forhave last war to face future courage it. Yours and blue, pools they see a patch of In muddy

As day's bright torch paints up the sky gotten the wreckage and devastais the opportunity to hold up to them again. tion everywhere to be seen—colosthe hope and assurance that when

sal hand, waste yet on every and still is in this there will over be much does She not know dark clouds first mask intervening the years able were we for, provided to live themselves they in white;

She only sees their whiteness mount the sky, to repair, rebuild, and reclaim much are true to their ideals.

And as she nears her summer—fold Thy of that loss—but time has not effaced Will you young women help to

light the havoc of wrecked and homes threatens this avalanche which disstem her, clouds pass Lord, till somber Around lives by. illusioned conSatan had where the future to engulf of our homes springtime short as her lasts so a while, And

Please, let youth's faith shine ever in her vinced some that love could spring country and wreck and destroy the smile. from the ashes of lust. Here the (Continued on page 122)

Sowl fi/iamuwL

his were views as to further inquiry how Sutter's Fort however well they Part V the that in substance, said, received, he might.

rather some laughed President made and was per- 6, 1847, said Brannan, "but,"Brannan Samuel insignificant remark; On SeptemberSamuel find that will fairly tried it, he "when he has turbed and thoroughly disBrannan and Charles Smith were

will right wrong, and and he was I was with interview heartened group. ahead of Brown's by his many miles

California."to come in day, at President Brigham a point Young Salt That in the Tahoe famithose all except whose thought He

Lake Valley. The long journey had Valley, they had the astonishingly lies were known to be at Salt Lake had

been one of extreme danger and at a good fortune to intercept the main better turn back [to California] and labor the all probability in spring, until when sacrifice. price genuine of of Except body the Mormon Battalion—reto them; would come certain beatfor that cently from service, and Church discharged hope still vague families. their to take could means or, if not, theyWe

ing in his breast, his effort had now headed east to meet Brigham camped over night with Brannan, and after proved barren of results. Young and the pioneers. It was a he had left us the following morning, Capdetach- the of Pueblo Brown, tain James exNews-hungry day of rejoicing. belief, to however, Contrary the in Salt arrived ment, which on Lake to wordless pumped Samuel did his besoldiers to not returnBrannan party. small with of 27th a July, came up

loved California in throes of aposexhaustion in their anxiety to learn He brought a goodly number of letters tasy. True, he questioned Brigham all possible regarding the loved ones from the families of the soldiers, also an

Young's judgment in choice of location; he vociferously despised the

Salt Lake Valley; he stoutly maintained California was the Goshen of

modernday Israel; but his acerbity

had not yet reached the stage of an open renouncement of the faith. As

he and his companions headed west once more, he nursed the conviction that time itself would prove his stand was right.

But the return journey was not made without incident. Long before

the little party of horsemen reached the eastern base of the Sierras, hot words had flowed between Samuel

Brannan and Captain James Brown.

By early September, after a bitter—Samuelquarrel, theyBrannanhad partedand companyCharles

Smith fleeing their brethren and riding on ahead into the mountains.

Jealousy and injured feelings apCourtesy, Martin Behrman Collection strife. the basispear of this Samuel Bluffs left at over Council they had a SACRAMENTO IN 1849 task of thehad been promised turn, before. their In pilotyear own

Battaling "sick division"the of the story eagerly strange was poured epistle the Apostles, from advising Twelve into California. ofion reasons For his ears. forth for were desperof subsistence not They means had those whohis to President suddenly own, Young labor, in California remain and ately to acquaint eager themselves and 1bring plans, the in disbandedhad the spring. changed their earnings with them place with the President had Young

command, and instead sent Brown chosen as abode for the Saints. And

on alone. Samuel had always conBrannan's answer is thus tersely repEW mortals have loved California

sidered himself spiritual leader of corded by Daniel Tyler: more fervently than did Samuel

learned [Brannan] from him that Saints eventually would go to the Saltthefornia—butLatterdaynow,Saintsin Jamesin greaterBrown'sCalitheWePioneers Brannan. In his delusion that the had reached Lake valley

possession were epistles of counsel in safety, but his description of the valley Pacific Coast, he labored stubbornly and comfort to all Mormon soldiers and its facilities was anything but encourand long. Lacking the eyes and

at that place. His egocentric nature aging. Among other things, Brother Branspiritual guidance of a prophet, he

was not the kind to bear even imsistnan insaidthe theGreatSaintsSalt couldLake valley,not possiblyas, accordsub- failed to see that his day of hopes agined slights with complacency. ing to the testimony of mountaineers, it must wait. Had he cared to observe,

And while Brown in no sense was froze there every month in the year, and the there was ample proof of President responsible, he unfortunately was ground was too dry to sprout seeds without Young's contention in the spiritual if irrigated the cold with andthe handiest and of the apathy Brooklyn colony—chilled the stream, seeds would mountain bewrath. faint of what desshadow it was but or, if The journey—withtarget for Samuel'sthe men irrigation, did they growing, from and preventedconstantly chafed by one another's grow, they would be sickly and fail to tiny already was preparing—a desfor place considered mature. an other it no bred probably He that to tiny thrust be soon uponpresence—

his confiagricultural expressed people, and all for discord.causes taken And, that of the earth corner greenvaled

emigrate Saints the dence that wouldtogether, it considered them Brannan percepthe change beyond to would the spring. being asked California next On

sufficientcompany—toreasonlet forhisabandoningfriends reachthe ifhamhe Young,had givenhe hisansweredviews tothatPresidenthe had. BrigOn in Tyler,the MexicanA ConciseWar,Historyp. 315 of the Mormon Battalion

The pioneers at New Hope lost no time in abandoning that project.

They acquired farms of their own, or moved to the city. New Hope's

improvements, including the farm reserved to the Twelve, were later appropriated by Samuel himself. And

floated over discord fresh sounds of toAND THE MORMONS the Brigham Young. mountains

In outward principle at least, Samuel Brannan appeared loyal to the faith. Unfortunately he'd taken

tion of man. But Samuel Brannan By appeasingupon himselfboththeGodimpossibleand mammon.task of error sensedno of as he judgment

turned from the Battalion brethren Every dollar which Samuel Brannan to hurry on to Sutter's Fort. PAUL BAILEY now harvested reseeded itself in seHis stop at Sutter's was brief, ditious distrust for a later and more

but while there he and Charles bitter reaping. Within a month

Smith projected a mercantile partafter his return, Samuel was forced nership destined later to become the ing place for every notable on the to dissolve Brannan & Company foundation of an immense fortune. Pacific Coast. Under his roof were for his own interests, and to silence

The beginning was humble enough. entertained governors, military authe clamor of his fellows. A division

Agreeable to Captain Sutter, the two thorities, and the haughty Spanish of its assets among the loyal Saints men leased a oneroom adobe east land barons. And occasionally unwas agreed upon, with public sale of

of the fort. Possibly to avoid the der his roof met the lessacclaimed its various properties.

store's being confused with the San Mormon brethren. Though Samuel Brannan was sadFrancisco's Brannan & Company, ly weakened in testimony, and inthe venture at Sutter's carried the "Maturally endowed with busiexcusably lax in conduct of Church

name of the junior partner as "C. C. ness sagacity, Samuel Brannan affairs, there is no evidence to

Smith & Company."But the Yankee took free advantage of the opporprove that at this period he either

settlers of the upper Sacramento tunities for profit everywhere preswas openly apostate or patently diswere not fooled by the title. To ent in the growing town. Before honest. On October 17, 1847, he

winter to President of wrote Young: ended he was sole owner its of doubt because them—and Francisco's busihundreds of San cluttered confidence of the was feeling and known The friendly miscellany—itno 2 lots. residential ness the and That still of people this country and government as "Brannan's Shirt Tail Store."

in remaining loyal to stronger disstronger continues Saints and were grow Leaving Charles to behind manthe favor. return subSince our home my gentile popularity and by his affairs, age hurried to tressed Samuel on list scription nearly has increased of the Star is not moneyhunger to underhard Francisco. San desperately files full I this date. to He was double. forward you

anxious again to take up the tangled stand. Aboard the old Brooklyn My reception since my return by all classes

skeins he'd so abruptly dropped they had bound themselves, with has been with the warmest and kindest ( Continued on page 118) nearly seven months before. On their leading elder, to hold all things

September 18, 1847, he once more in common. Brannan now showed

SUTTER'S MILL FORT ABOUT AT RUN THE inclination to share his new afstepped over threshold. his own The little TIME THERE DISCOVERED GOLD THE WAS

fluence. next day he wrote C. Little: to Jesse print. a contemporary—From

I reached ray home yesterday in good health.... I found everything on my return far better than my most sanguine expectation.... The Battalion boys have

gained great credit in California, so much so that Gov. George Mason has authorized

Capt. Hunt to raise five hundred more....

The Mormons are A No. 1 in this country

... our friends are increasing very fast.

The predictions of Dr. Richards and President Young have been truly verified in relation to my affairs on my return.... By

the Star being sustained, "civil and religious rights"are maintained in California, which is of great moment to us, particularly as this point will be one of the greatest cities of the present age. When I landed here

with my little company, there were but three families in the place and now the improvements are beyond all conceptions. Houses

in all directions, business brisk and money plenty. will Here be the great emporium

of the Pacific eventually of the world. 3 and

Samuel eagerly plunged into the JMv it affairs of the growing city. Handsome in face and figure, meticulous

in dress, a young and merry host he made his home a popular gather2Peter T. Conmy, Grizzly Bear, April 1939. Quoted

from journal of John A. Sutter.

journal History. Oct. 3, 1847, p. 9

WcL&hjunqimA. U)UL

RESTORED By JULIA W. WOLFE

own private stock, and each page bore his watermark!

w*ill the ink imbath in chemical torn prothat made on the As work light, to water, pervious and air. gressed, pages broken andAmongAmericanthe precioushistory ispapersGeorge the worn

Washington's will. Along Next, each page was split in two, were literally made over. Minute

with the originals of the Declaration this seemingly impossible work being patches were put on with superfine of Independence, the Constitution, accomplished with knives of the finglue, the brushes used being as and the Bradford Manuscript, it is dainty and delicate as fairy paint tangible evidence of the past. It is brushes. Each patch taken from the

viewed by hundreds who visit old old sheets of paper was "patted"in

Fairfax Courthouse, where it may place, pressed until it was practically be seen. The will consists of fortyinvisible, and then pumiced to a perthree pages, each written and signed fect evenness with the rest of the paby Washington, except page twentyper. After being patched, each of the

three, where his signature was split sheets was laid between pieces omitted. of crepeline.This is a gauze so deliIn the year 1910, scholars of cate that, like goldleaf, it has to be

America saw that this valuable "breathed"into place. It is transdocument was going to bits. The parent, made of silk and linen, and

pages were broken along the folds; despite its delicacy, is one of the

pieces of the margins had fallen most durable materials. It possesses

ability a the with one odd to becomeaway; the wellmeant and but clumsy

it or parchment paper which uponefforts to repair the paper only had made its condition worse. Bits of has been properly placed. In a short

paper had been pasted across the time it is so much a part of the other broken places and sewed with long material it is almost impossible to stitches, coarse thread, and a big detect its presence without the aid of needle. Many letters had been en- a powerful glass. Because crepeline

tirely punched out by the needle. is so tough and durable, papers that

have been crepelined by an expert

As the news spread of the tattered est steel, whose slender blades were are virtually unbreakable and wearcondition of the will, suggestions as thinner than the paper upon which proof.

to to all what the from came do over split, being they each After worked. crepebeing patched After andland. that urged the governMany of the part sheet patched. This was laid will lined, the of each page was takement of charge the beloved old is incredible restoration of the one it left until in press powerful and adocument and exmanuscript have sciart of presentday marvels and it as as smooth dry when and was it.perts repair the state But of Virence. old paper which upon The left the author's hands. had When flatlyginia let refused will to the will yelthe written had was grown sheet press each the taken from wasleave It the Fairfax Courthouse. was experts age,-and with low paper went fine cardboard, and upon mounted thatthen the of Library ofCongress to forth that seek paper match would in entire the book document bound to willfered the restored, free have it. covers. within enclosed form and cost. thisof the State of Virginia To

in case will glass a placed was The the experts manuscriptagreed—if thing with connected A STRANGE steel safe, the a surrounded and by will, to the thewould because come restoration the of Washingit is kept in which made room waswill to not going the experts. was is will So ton's of finding the some old fireproof.

it that the Library of was Congress in bookstore paper Alexandria, in a sent Mr. William Berwick to FairVirginia. So right was the size, the Restoring Washington's will is

fax to repair the will of "the father color, and the texture that Mr. Bersaid to be the greatest piece of work

of his country."wick was puzzled. His skilful finever done by William Berwick. He

Mr. Berwick was regarded as one gers told him something his eyes and worked with his heart as well as with

hands,of the greatest surgeons manuscript his to believe. refused mind He his

for only onein the world. But with all even he, andline—andhe workedthatmodestly,on the the placed newlyfound paper over

his skill, looked almost discouraged a powerful light, and realized that last cover—mentions his name.

when he saw the condition of the his fingers had spoken truly. WashThus has been preserved the will

paper. But with infinite tenderness ington had written his will on paper which has been called an autobiogand care he lifted it from the wooden him, for each page raphy made especially of Washington himself—thebox. statesbearing private testament watermark. of a farsighted his own

First the will was photographed, The improbable had happened: a man, a wise and provident man of

each page separately. Then the ink few sheets of the old paper found in affairs, a great executive, and a dewas "set,"the sheets receiving a the bookstore were of Washington's vout Christian.

THE OLD MAN'S old man sat in STORYthe shade of aTHEhaystack on the Faust

Ranch. He loved to tell stories of By

the past and I liked to listen to them.

"Did you know Port Rockwell?"JAMES P. SHARP

I asked. "I should say I did know Port.

Poor old Port died a brokenhearted, the lock off, looked inside, smiled, discouraged man."and told me to drive on."

"What was the cause of his trouble?"The stage went on east, but Port

"Well, for one thing, he couldn't kept asking the remaining driver recapture that man who got away about the robber, his horse, his from him over on Government clothes and about a thousand other

Creek."things. Port went to the house, took

"Tell me about it, will you?"off his extra gun, mounted a horse,

* * and rode west. Near sundown he

Well 'twas this-a-way. You see, got to Simpson, where he fed and

Port was sort of a special agent for watered his horse and got a bite to the Overland Stage Company. It eat. Then he took a few biscuits to

was in the summer of the sixties, put in his saddle bags, filled his canto the top of the hill behind the which one I don't remember, that a teen with water, and rode on. Arcabin and sat there looking over the

telegram came along saying a large riving at the place of the robbery valley.

shipment of gold was coming through about midnight he found the safe When he came down he started on a certain stage and the company and the shooting irons. The stars a fire, boiled some coffee, and ate

a-shining, wait but to he had called were Port he breakfast. where was Fromwanted guard—they the pick to till the up up moon got the follow made could see every man movethem "Bullion a specialGuards"-—to

the shipment through. They notified horse tracks. He had a habit of talkbut could not get away, for if he

Port he was to guard it from here; it ing to himself or his horse when wormoved the man could see him. All

was called Rush Valley Station at ried, so was a-saying, "Now, Nig, day he waited behind the big juniper the time, and was later changed to if an'you and me had a-robbed tree, across from the cabin, and

Faust. Well, he was to guard it that stage just where would we go when night came and the man finfrom here to Bridger, for they to hide out? Only place I can think ally took his horse back and went

thought if it leaked out there was of would be that old cabin, Swazer, to bed, then it was Port walked back gold on the stage the trouble would the outlaw, built up in Death Canto his outfit, changed the horse to be on that run. yon. Plenty of grass and water new grass, ate a biscuit, got his canPort was a-waiting here when he there. And say! from that hill back teen, and returned to watch, but this

saw the stage coming down from of the cabin I could look all over this time he was on the opposite side of

Lookout like a house afire, so he country and see if any one was a- the canyon.

called to the hostler and the driver to following us."Morning came and the man reget ready. He strapped on an extra peated the same as he had the mornpistol, grabbed a rifle, and waited. When the full moon came ing before. Now as soon as he left

The stage came right up to him and over the mountains, Port picked up the cabin Port sneaked down to it.

stopped all of a sudden and the the tracks of the horse and followed He did not find a trace of the gold driver called out, "We been robbed."them south for about one mile, and did not expect to, for well he knew

"Where?"Port asked, when they turned east Port knew if the thief would have it buried some

"Back on Riverbed flat."he was to get up to those foothills distance away just in case some one

"How come? Ain't a place for a before daylight he would have to do happened along. He found one crust

jack rabbit to hide there."some fast riding. He made it and of bread and a few coffee beans. It

"When we came down off Dugfound some seepage water and grass would be a case of which one could way mountain we saw a lone horse for his horse in a sheltered place. starve the other one out.

standing out in the flat. When we He staked the animal and walked Evening came and when the man

got closer we saw a man laying in up the canyon about one mile to went to bed Port sneaked down the the dust along side the road. I where he could see the cabin. He canyon, saddled his horse and rode

stopped and called to him but got could not see the man nor his horse way around, coming into the canyon no answer, so called again but the and wondered if his guess had been about a mile above the cabin. He

man never moved; so I told Sam to correct. Presently, as it grew lightstaked his horse and walked down

get down and see if the man was er, he saw the man get up from where the canyon to wait. Morning came,

dead. Well, when he turned the he had been sleeping about fifty and then he heard a horse coming up

man over he came to life and had feet from the cabin, shake out his the trail.

Sam covered with his revolver. Made saddle blankets, go to a grove of Well, he got the jump on that

Sam drop his guns and me throw trees behind the cabin and lead his man and made him drop his gun.

mine down and then told me to toss horse out to water and a grassy Then he took the bridle reins and the express box off to him. He shot patch. Then the man slowly climbed (Continued on page 100)

UNITED ORDERS IN UTAH

Conclusion By WILLIAM R. PALMER

t.HE mutual covenant which all FormerlyParowanPresidentStake of

signed pledged to the order, "All our time, labor, energy and ability, and such property as feel disposed to we may all its family consuming tannery, If a factory, clothing shop, shoe was transfer the to order, to controlled be it living in earnings, tailoring furniture shop, to be cabinet deemed and was in and the interests the of order as deemed best to mill, labored mill, extravagance shingle shop, with and other was saw and of by the board management."

It its sincere the enterprises. change ways. enterprises was These emIn the order all kinds of necessary purpose and desire that every member ployed gainfully every man, woman and

work were equally honorable and only should definitely increase his posseschild.

idleness was disgraceful. Since all jobs, sions through associating his efforts But with the coming of prosperity to

common labor, tradesmen, supervisors, with his brethren. The leaders knew Orderville there came also a greater

housewives, equally were honorable, that loyalty for in desire be greater there would chafed at the liberty. Women they rated the same wage scale unity society and evthe of purand greater restraints constant the long and and at ery member—man, woman, and childpose if every one could see that his drabness of plain unchanging fashions;

to be givenwas employment. Through fortunes being worldly vigil improved. were the long to from grew weary men

this means to enjoy equal all were opvanities of fashions out the supporting keep of a reason and by When portunities. of sickness desired the missionary, the world; or youth because and some saw

But what a member did with his pay or misfortune, it became necessary for a attractive though less honest and servwas optional with him. He could draw family to overdraw its credits, the aciceable apparel worn by young people

his entire out every wages month at outside also the order. canceled "forgiven"to live count the and was They saw

if on, or, build to he wished up property, selfrestraints social that of from the family freedom the year so the end and he could live frugally and allow his uncould begin the new year with a clean imposed conventionalities that neighused wages to accumulate and be conrecord. boring youth enjoyed, and they were

into verted additional capital stock. to their substantial exchange in ready wherever they were The orders

this equality ofThere opportunity was birthright for the proverbial schools, control and also maintained among them; yet the poor, through exeducation in such instances was free pottage. mess of

travagance, could remain the poor and society. to the children of the for generally given reason Another rich, exercise the frugality, of by could orrules the regulations of and The the of sociOrderville the breaking up Still, richer. profit couldgrow not one in settlements, the ders various though fear that confiscation the ety of was at the misfortunes of another, the but identical, general the followed not same antipolyg- the property under Church thrift, virtues frugality, of industry and pattern. modified somewhat were They incrusade to might extended be amy recognized, thewere proand avenues wishes local conditions the and by by them. clude Since they a were Church theirvided through practice which the of people temperament and who there society their that danger wascould rewarded. be only cases In organized them. most property declared be Church would

A member could withdraw entirely from one fourth to one half of the peoproperty and would escheat to the from the order if he wished but his ple of a settlement went into the sysUnited States government. This doubtequity was discounted fifty percent and tem. When part of a town was in the less precipitated the breakup, but in

he took property at the price fixed by order and the rest out, it complicated truth the seeds of dissolution were althe appraisement committee. It does matters for the order members and made ready at work in the body.

not that appear unfavorable such an full it difficult principles into the to put at of bylaws the United Order Thediscount stinging as designed was a operation.

alfor City, instance, the reveal Cedar restrainpenalty to from withdrawmen truistic unselfish motives behind anding. their In enthusiasm they conceived in was County Kane association. also reveal the the They thisthat at discount a even would man settlers of group a founded by who of character subscribed people the /Vrderville whostill profit his association in the from princilive the to order under wanted is them. to following a copy: Theorder. thirteen, constiArticle of the that built ples. around Their town was

tution, which prescribes the terms of system and there were no outsiders 1. We will not take the name of Deity

withdrawal, reads as follows: whose interests interfered. in vain nor speak lightly of His character things. or of sacred in its. situation. favorable of Because of Should the us from withdraw any

2. will families with our morning pray We......order to furaccept agree. hereby Orderville region, we a went remote

will secret to evening attend and and half capital the of half theone of one and in putother ther community than any prayers.

full crediteddividends as a compen-... into operathe system of ideals ting the 3. will the observe keep and Word We all for ofsation of claims our whatsoever tion community as Order United a spirit and of to according the and Wisdom

... kind.nature or declare hereby And we thereof. greater enjoyed a longer survived andit full to belief that uniting our our be by

4. will treat families our with due It for years prosperity. meaningWe twelve operatedlabor shall energies receive and such we affection set kindness before and and societies all other the nearly while profit increasedan beyond what would we

imitation. them an example of worthy it able to individual continobtain that into exertion inbe disuse lapsed two. by Had families intercourse in In as our our willing to are the take abovewe it named to as doing to prosper and ued was all will refrain with persons, from we just percent as a50 equitable and... rate, the at rapid acquire property same being contentious quarrelsome, or and allportion of claims the our against order. all it southern of have would will evil owned to other of cease each speak we

Standards of living were tentatively Utah now. and will cultivate a spirit of charity

but not inflexibly fixed, and all members Orderville had a community kitchen toward all. We consider it our duty

to selfishly, or acting from keep from social equality.enjoyed table, ate Keeping at though a and up even common

inwill the covetous motives seek andwith the Joneses order living not probfamily an every private was had its own terests other the order. of of each andlem, in time. though quarters. have farms, it would come people operated The 5. cleanliness will personal observe We

like membership Enoch's ranches, gardens, to be pig poultry yards,The was and all in chastity ourselves preserve and city of old, "Of one heart and mind."cattle herds, horse herds, sheep herds, by refraining from all adultery, whore86

.:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943 dom, and lust. We will also discounteBarley straw: one bushel of grain per laws of the land. They pledged themnance and refrain from all vulgar and load. selves also to support each other in

language conduct. and thirty cents per hundred. Adobes: every lawful endeavor.

6. observe the day to Sabbath obsceneWe will

social It is interesting to experiment it was one of note As a that a half it holy. keep

7. That which is not entrusted to our care century before the labor unions had been the most illuminating ever tried and, rewe will not appropriate to our use. able to obtain it, the United Order esgretfully, it may not be recorded as a

8. That which we borrow we will return tablished the eighthour day and, moreglowing success. Order farms did not

according promise, that to our and as per acre nor as much much over, extended it to women in the produce find will which appropriate not we we as other produced, farms hour per man it will to to our use but return to homes. seek

its proper owner. Again, the order gave equal pay to although they did feed more mouths

9. We will as soon as possible cancel all men and women, a measure so far in and those who ate helped to grow the

individual indebtedness contracted advance of its time that women have crops.

prior to entering order, the our did experiment, however, yet to think of it. This dared The grand and hardly

fully identified said with the when itself. justify scale It came at a time when was the wage full order [men not in were standing

there dediscouragement, was much all until their outside debts paid] were eighthour of grain bushel per one Men: It pression, discontent. promised and will contract to debts contrary no we

day. solution to a vexing problems the of the wishes many of board management.

eightof grain bushel per one Women: will not knowingly patronize turned the of any and members Church many 10. We day. hour in person is business engaged any it who to with enthusiasm. and hope renewed threeone-half, or onefourth Boys: not of the a member United Order In heartening the beginning a it had fourths proportionate with work. men's unless necessity our requires to us do the of influence the took outfits: which threefourths minds of a and Teams so.

1 1 In our apparel and deportment we will man's wages. poor off their troubles. It probably

not pattern after nor encourage foolish saved some of the most hardpressed and extravagant fashions, and will 'T'he order, as has been shown, set up little settlements in southern Utah from cease to import or buy from abroad * a very high standard of personal exabandonment. However, after two

any article which can reasonably be cellence. It required that its members years of experimenting with the system,

with, dispensed or which can probe of the orders far most broke and the as first right all their up debts and pay a of combination labor. by home individual their returned to members possible all the they wrongs as may will foster the encourage and producedWe pursuits. others. against committed They ducing all and manufacturing arhave of

ticles needful for our consumption as were to cease from all intemperance, Meantime, the financial situation had fast as our circumstances will permit. profanity, vulgarity and idleness, to be greatly improved and the economic

12. We will be simple in our dress and honest, conscientious, helpful and just road ahead had been smoothed and

living, of using manner proper economy all families mankind, their to and to to straightened. bridged United had Order

in the prudence and of all management thrifty to observe economical, and be 116) on (Concluded page to care. our tithing, their of the pay Wisdom, Word 13. will for labor combine our mutual Weentrusted the of the and commandments obey God HERITAGE PAST OF THE benefit, sustain faith, with prayers our

and works those whom we have elected—Photograph by Willard Luce

to take the management of the different departments of the order, and to be subject to them in their official capacity, refraining from a spirit of faultfinding.

14. We will honestly and diligently labor

and devote ourselves and what we have to the order and to the building up of the kingdom of God.

These carefully drafted articles indicate that the members saw from the beginning that human selfishness was the weak spot in the plan. The bylaws

show how carefully they sought to reenforce themselves against it.

In Cedar City seven hundred fifty acres of rented land were farmed during the seasons of 1874 and 1875, and their grain harvest was estimated at five thousand bushels each year. A

scale of land rentals and produce prices was established, and because their organization dominated the market these governed the prices outside the order also.

Land rentals were fixed as follows:

Corn: one fourth of the crop both of

corn and of fodder.

Small grain: one fourth of the crop.

Potatoes: one sixth of the crop.

The following prices were fixed on produce for home consumption:

Small grains: two cents per pound.

Potatoes: seventyfive cents per bushel.

Corn on the cob: fifty cents per bushel.

Flour: four cents per pound.

Hay: one dollar and fifty cents per hundred pounds.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

JhteSLJLmsL TO ALL FARMERS, LARGE

MISSIONARY AND SMALL, FOR 1943By JACK NORTHMAN ANDERSON—

of the Southern States Mission

Elder Osmer D. Flake, who served (feprixJudkihaL QomwriiisuL

two missions in the Southern States sent his then three and sons there, A. The Farmer's FivePoint with the stake agricultural advisory for third term. again ais back

The seventyfour-yearold cattleman Program [or Freedom committee. Secure help also from

from Phoenix, Arizona, was grinning ( Recommended by the association the local county agricultural agent of Land Grant Colleges and Uniand other safe available sources.

versities of the United States, for C. Care and Repair of Farm

farmers during wartime.) Machinery

1. Increase production of foods and In wartime the question, "How fibers.

last long- 2. Practice conservation of all matecan I make my machinery

rials by taking the best care of er?"is doubly important.

what we have and using it as long 1. Make a careful inventory and

as possible. checkup of all implements. Make

3. Raise as much of our own foods pencil notes as the inspection

as possible, and do essential home progresses. If the reconditioning

canning. is to be done, a tag should be at-

4. Take part in all war programs, tached to each implement explainsuch as scrap collections, war bond ing what is to be done.

buying, civilian defense, and effici- 2. Orders should be placed at once

ency at home. with the local dealer for all new

5. Help maintain our health and morparts needed.

ale. 3. Since more machinery "rusts out"

Individual farmers, Melchizedek than "wears out,"get all machinand Aaronic Priesthood quorums, ery under shelter. Such shed

all officers of the Welfare Program space is an economic investment should heed this program and the and will help win the fight for freedom. P. OF WILLIAM PRESIDENT WHITAKER following suggestions:

MISSION, THE SOUTHERN STATES 4. Consult a manual on the care and

ELDER OSMER NOW SERVLEFT, AND repair of a to secure machinery B. Planning ING HIS MISSION THIRDD. FLAKE, for the 1943 Cropping

Program better job. (The International

just Harvester rehas Company into misthebroadly he walked when In the territory intermountain veleased bulletan excellent 40page office 5. registersion to November He getable fruit crops and to promise in entitled Equip- "Your Farm first the alonehad from West, come the profitable for be most 1943. It ment; At and Care of Take Makeelder since to arrive in Atlanta June.

"Shucks, you don't have to tell me the same time they will produce the It Do.")

what to do,"he chuckled as he passed greatest amount of food energy through the various phases of registraneeded to win the war. The subtion. "I've been through this before."stantially increased population in

Then he began to talk about the old this area, particularly in the northern days. He spoke of goobers and chithalf of Utah, will increase the delings, of corn bread and grits. He remand for more and better food.

called the time he was forced to eat Foods produced in or adjacent to the through six inches of raw oysters to area of consumption will relieve our keep from offending his host. Then already congested transportation

there were all those nights in the counarteries.

fireplace sat thetry he around when Farmers should plan to carnow until stories midnight,and exchanged this ry on projects coming summer coupleonly roused a from bed to be of hours later to huddle around the for the production of vegetables, fireplace again and wait for daylight. particularly, and of some fruits. This

And his old derby! He could never should be heeded.

forget that battered relic of days gone In such planning the food value by. The memory of how he used to of the crops should be considered.

dress provoked a chuckle that rose from For instance, emphasis should be the depths of his two hundred twentyplaced on producing carrots, lima five pounds. beans, snap beans, onions, potatoes,

"A missionary's costume in those and a lesser acreage devoted to days consisted of a swallowtailed coat such crops as.cucumbers, cauliflowin the breeze derby flapped a andwhich er, eggplant, lettuce, melons, pepdignity on withhat was worn which

pers, and asparagus. the latter For his eyes of the danced head,"the top

merrily. "The kids could spot us a mile crops fewer carlot shipments by

off."rail will be available this year.

(Concluded on page 117) Discuss your cropping program

Oh*. KINGDOM

FIRST, hey expect too A SHORTmuch! HowaTdo they think I can find SHORT

time to Church work do all this and STORYcarry besides?"course a medical And

young James Evans began enumerating his various aloud Church By P. K. EDMUNDS, M. D.

street along theduties as he walked en route to meeting one Sunday afternoon.

"Too much,"he concluded. He'd

better resign from some of the positoward the chapel. Several times,

tions. Maybe keep the Mutual job in the ensuing months, he pictured

because he liked that best anyway. himself approaching the bishop, deAs he stepped across Fifth Street he termined to request that he be rewas determined to lighten the burleased from some of his duties, but

den of Church work. By the time always there was that something

Street, the Sixth reached penduhe within him. that deterred him

the other swinginglum and K- > was way spring. for most While It was telling over, himself overhe and was

in an effort to convince himself, that college students it was a season of the words of Dr. Paul were true and relative ease, for the medical student

that he shouldn't shirk responsibility it meant even greater mental strain, in the Church. with review after review of all the as they leisurely filed out of the

"... And you students,"the work completed in the preceding doors.

doctor had said that Sunday mornmonths and years, in addition to the everincreasing assignof burden in officers'teachers'meeting and emotion, of de- r\ surge looking the grand toward ments at to look he had seemed respair of certain with degree a—anding finale the of course. every hand On it all the while he spokeJames the boy. sentment, over "At came of students groups hudsaw James neglect"don't Church. your I if You least he might asked have me discussing, together, reading, dled to toomight say have you do much tell "I'll could,"him thought James. unbelievto committing an memory findin for can't time the school and I can't! that understand should He fact theory. of sumtotal able and this: activities; but rememberChurch to fellow before night the a has study

Serve the Lord, and He won't fail Many times James had wondered finals."

for possible doubtingly was how it If you'll sincerelyyou. serve Him the to to get wasn't easy But it

retain, to even for the mind human duties, to attend Church yourand after bishop, awhile and James while, the short overwhelming fail in a that won'tI promise you you his shoulders went shrugged and your studies. On the contrary, amount of information which the slowly homeward. The calm of the

you'll do better than you otherwise medical course demanded. His night soothed his emotions and the

would."only consolation in times of such stars whispered peace. But all was

looked doubt he had come when that within whispered Something within. not everpresent peace The

in the classrooms about him and saw ridilogic true;the cold were words called battle between what James "If students. of other the hundreds idea. excould theculed he How if religion reason and religion—if I I can't, can't,"can, can; they they his fare to well aspect immediate as on, reasonable! not went were (as)—his thought, everconsoling and wasfriends grouped even were now who ever, of as Dr. the Paul and words

recalled the words, "and he always at the of them,together of one home into his mind. back came Many

fail you."He won't their quizbooks,poring over and the attacked times them from had he

zing each other. He concluded that, The final examinations were now ramparts of "reason,"but protected

if the words were true, at least he'd only a week away. "Surely,"by the bulwarks of religion they

have to put forth effort on his part, thought James as the Sunday evestood ever victorious in his convicwhereupon he took from his pocket ning meeting drew to a close, "it tions. Coming from a man like Dr.

all if I of his task will excusable folded spend resumeda be paper and been had Paul—he

life finals the for the studyingof committing next to memory Sunday himself, to ought he throughknow—-itit hadall

cycle of the parasite of malarial next day,"and this was his decision to be right! Fail or pass, he'd be in

fever. as he walked toward the door. He the meeting and give that speech.

At home again, he had hardly bewas overtaken by the bishop who And he wasn't sure which it would textthick the speaker on from read to be the asked himgun to the be, other all the students for—like

it cerre- evening. following hebook, seemed, So Sunday when was gruelling of those he was fearful

minded that it was time to go to tain was he that James would redays.

evening services. Again the battle spond—as the boy had always done A week later at about the sameand again, against what he thought—that he hardly paused, but went hour services were over, and James

was reason, he found himself closquickly on his way, shaking hands saw someone hurrying towards him ing the book and making his way with one after another of the people (Concluded on page 117)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

yvjdk. (DoslmlL JOwiv

sl (DofUL Some 9L Ca*& BY JACK money SEARS SIGNS a can't,"to youth is a challenge. yes,older oftenone. with more grace than, an

young to have accumulated IT Too it said: enhear "For We often experience, youth, to youth."armed with thusiasm For go $ many

courageous enthusiasm, unlimited enthings as vital as enthusiasm we may gracefully ergy, quickly, swings youth. consult into well Reflect upon this: By "It can't."action to conquer determined include undertakings successful major

scarred, battered, Others, slowed down for necessary as absolutely youth full S. EDWARD years discouraging conof sharp, by fightaccomplishments. it be Whether

life, flict experience sit atop their with disease, building ing a a suspenwar on WILLIAMS in their in astonishment. Yet and gasp building, bridge, youth sion a mammoth

own young days, they too were just as is of vital importance.

enthusiastic, daring, and courageous as Orobably many Englishmen do these youngsters they now behold trampling roughshod over "It can't."not know why the letter "d"

Vital indeed, tremendously so, to stands for penny. The fact is that

the march of progress are those who Englishmen originally called their don't done. it can't be know To youth,

indebted. are push ahead small copper coin a "denny,"but They we

in the face of monumental difficulties. gradually the name was changed

Why, then, are not the young, clean to "penny"while the letter "d"and strong inside, consulted oftener? continued to be used as a symbol

Surely youth thinks, has ideas, enthusifor the coin. But they derived the

asm, the urge to move forward. original name from a Roman copper coin, the denarius.

However, the Romans are said to have derived the name of their copper coin from India where a copper or bronze coin called a dinar was circulating for more than a thousand years before there?& was a Rome, the eternal city.

One who acquaints himself, finds it The Roman libra was originally of today people that young very evident a pound of silver; so, when the things are less boastdo big vitalwho

ful than at some other periods; they English adopted the pound of siltake their accomplishments modestly. Knowing to some extent the worth ver as their largest money denomconstructive, advice, frank their of talk about do not muchThey retained I was not ination they the Roman

greatly to successful surprised hear asuccesses; not mendo of them many for the a symbol symbol "L"as that, consulting well as as say man their achievements,tion outstanding

not even to their own household. One older, experienced people, he also pound sterling.

often hears an amazed parent exclaim: seeks the sincere counsel of young peoThe American dollar is the old

"Well, that's the first I have heard of ple before deciding some of his probSpanish dollar, or "piece of his Usually this advice from comesthat. son didn't tell me about earnlems. My eight"that figures so largely in children age. are of college The facts that recognition."ing

Regarding failures, the sound, proplaced before them; then follows a pirate tales, but with a different

gressive younger ones of today brush discussion of the different phases. stamp on it. The dollar sign is

them aside as merely another miss, then, This man of few failures and many of course "U. S."with one letter

their faces set with sincere determinaoutstanding successes frankly states written on top of the other, but that his children are no wisertion, than many move forward.

other we have become quite careless in he knows. He asks why Perhaps we do not consult youth so others

often as we should. They have an parents with many failures do not marking our "U."

aliveness which thrills, inspires. This right about face and consult their chilOne thing all Americans should

younger order asks questions as well dren. know is that when the dollar bears

of experience It and knowledge The things toas reasons a conclusion. the stamp of our government it folk older is also needed; for facts. yet how into the bottom verygoes

Isn't it reasonable to believe that it, too, complete all would be without the enmeans that the dollar is the sole has answers worth knowing regarding ergy, and the courage to dare and do, property of the United States of many problems? Those fresh in mind, of youth. America and can never belong to

body, and feelings, often suffer in finanOne who is young carries the shield any individual. Uncle Sam mereIf crises. progress. other as well ofcial as the depression sword and He ly allows his nephews and nieces

it reflect, therefore done, will agree doesn't will he can't be pause to knowone that in the past youth has proved he decides it can be done, and proceeds to to use his coin as a convenience, can take it uncomplainingly as well as, do it. Today's war proves this! in order to facilitate exchange.

lomn POET'S VISION A SOLDIER'S PRAYER GUIDE MY FINGERS

By Delia Adams Leitner By Alfred J. Hathcock By Martha M. Boutwell

feels the grief, the hunger, and the guide my fingers to return Father, Lord, I, dear never am IFHE pain, these strings today. As I touch this hell red of war, From or ever own

rich vibrations find the Let The me in wife, or child here a home, arms my longings, and the hopes of all man- A

I lift to kind; play. harp As my I've the In never son peace and joy

He knows men's eyes are now with hatred known Let me know the inner beauty blind, Which deep love of Thee can bring.

But prophesies that sight will come again; If I may never thrill again to see Let me give that joy to others

Ideals will be restored that long have lain Old Glory's brilliant streamers flung on high As I pluck each quiet string.

Dormant in hearts, love's power will unIn proud unchallenged splendor neath the bind; blue When men accept the plan that God deOf holy Freedom's clear unruffled sky THE ELEVATOR signed

The poet dares proclaim that good will Please grant, dear Lord, when I have sacriBy Clarence Edwin Flynn reign. ficed

runs an elevator, life, my dreams, though little be their Life My obediently.God's plan is universal brotherhood Ever worth,

The Master taught in plain and simple That all the precious things for which I "Up? Down? Down? Up?"

words, fight She calls. Which shall it be?

unselfishness; and kindPeace and goodwill And die, shall never perish from this earth. She forces none to travel than these which power exists No greater

gird In an unchosen way.

All souls in oneness, and the poet sees "Up? Down? Down? Up?"

These conquer all the world's inharmonThe passenger must say.

ies. Where do you want to journey,

In what direction fare?

THE BREATH OF SPRING Life"Up?willDown?transportDown?you there.Up?"

By Samuel J. Allavd But if you do not like it,

Don't charge Life with the score.

EVEN "Up? Down? Down? Up?"

These stark, bare boughs Twas you who called the floor.

Are clothed in warming fleece,

And in their hearts they hold the breath

Of Spring. GIRL IN LOVE

By Christie Lund Coles STRANGE BEAUTY Love lay upon her, silver, bright

By Helen McMahan Like the soft glow of candlelight,

Or stars upon a summer night.

timid towers from darkened moon, lips likeTHE her song, Love was upon flown, has delicate, strong Tremulous, yet fluttering stars shed no longerThe itself resing the long. whole day their To

light, The rain walks with a brightness all its Love, in her eyes'wide vestibule, own Photo by Keystone View Company Was shimmering and bright and cool

It has no need for company at night. As pebbles in a summer pool.

Love was about her like an arm,

STORM IN WINTER AND THE NIGHT Unseen,Keeping yether shieldinginner beingherwarm.from harm,

By Mabel Jones Gabbott By Dott J. Sartori

JANET its afraid; will the not storm waste

this shall sing the season poetBE strength; What Jenkins By Margaret

is half the white world and red, When of another the Before yet day dawn fire scarlet blood, with with Crimson I for wish you, my child, quiet; length will at thunderings andThe

the dead? winter and with white And freely choose? WhatIf I wouldcould fire flare will die lightning and away. The

Vision? Talent? Virtue? Grace? its this night, fearsome of blacknessThe

sing as always, he has Let him that All wealth could use? you scowl,

night, flooding Philomela Like lift; will then the fury the hate and Will

I his syllables of each share, hope of promise have you your With will to the cease spent. winds mornBe At

light. his foretelling voice share your of work, And know And howl

in beauty, gloved ringed Though with again. brightly gaily, will smile earth And wealth

Fear not. The storm will pass, the sun will They're empty hands that shirk.

shine; LOVE Oh, may you love and build a home

silver lining of the clouds break The through; By Nellie D. Hanny AndWithmakesomeonea castlestrongfor theandheartfine

all tremblings, yours and our fears andAnd throne vine. or cot and Of

I love, three I love I say, two I love, mine, ONE little forgot, I quite yesterday disappear as does the morning But Will dew. children your and And come may

For neither winds, nor storms, nor fears, scolded you at play; When weary grows your way,

nor prayers Four I love with all my heart; I'll remember To show you heaven in their eyes

Escape the knowledge of a God who cares. that today. As you showed me today.

THEWl'BtBMHUMSIGNS OF THE TIMES With hours pack'd with sounds and changassociates this verse with thoughts of (A series of discussions by Joseph Fielding ing views. Robert Louis Stevenson and other notables

Smith. 170 pages. Paper bound 75c. Cloth The problems of the day in a field that has always proved most

bound $1.25.) Are light, because you made them so. * difficult to invade successfully. The book

its itself, presents properties, a in physical love's Historian, fond hope, the E'en volume Church byThis artistic imagination of complay charming outstretched love to 'passioned arms With the of Fielding Smith, Council Joseph its craftsmanship, with able plemented by breath bated contains the six With essence of theof Twelve, illustrated DickeMildred every page by lest all lips, fearful the trembling dawn, And beginning deliveredlectures Octoweekly, the just the author and as man—illustrated cast, pebble Like the of the auspices 14,ber 1942, under old done readers have and would young of surface limpid the the splash dream I. Might committee haveY. A. who M. W. it. in it if they a themselves hand had had dead, love cold leave and Social And Center. the ofcharge Lion House all Raile, others have Mrs. and who Henry to hearts comprehend. our You've first made in to the lecture the LionSubsequent artistic literary to and the contributed

itself, death And the admission soughtHouse, number who congratulated to of are be There, charm So it gives, the peace us to> You've made it know series to the necessary Barmovemade it all are read a and copy who own—and to> fear, naught filledratt gratifyingly And Hall, each which was too, their congratulated, good to on be own tired the eyes quiet slumber droops six subjects covered When l"be "The wereweek. fortune. L. E. R. the rests head the And Beginning,"from "TheEnd Known

a downy Upon of "Restoration All Things,"Restoration FAMILY pallet, where the hands MARRIAGE THE AND Of those we love, "The Predicted Judah,"of Israel and JudgHill and Howard Beck- (Edited by Reuben ments,"I and II, and "The Lord's ControWith tender touch, the covers place. er. D. C. Heath and Company, Chicago.

versy With the Nations."As would be And now you're gone, 1942. 663 pages. $4.00.)

left living a legacy But scripturian, these able fromexpected an gradually have people come Thinking wait. us repletelectures, are who upon, To edited added and of realize that the to problems home this unveiled see anew, world eyes we scripture. With supportingwith demand The vitallife properly family not been have and take courage is responsible And reprints lectures the offor achieveincreasing the ized and methods by distant the sun, to the climb summits this the pressfor To bringing volume from new that further, of of science and much ments supreme, love you, with literature, will Where be widelyof which Church the of the apfuture safety the depends upon until await, come. day The we appreciated. greatly E. L.read and R. to these of plication best knowledge our

prose of Professor vigor Osmond's The little, little there, problems. and Here by LIFE in will strong findLYRICS answering echo men an OF LOVE AND AND in school made, attempts been brave have

like to will eager be him BEAUTIFUL and GOODTHE women AND who for classes, youth to college prepare and the life of the improve and analyze whole Press, Salt Deseret (Alfred Osmond. News its responsibilities. Such marriage and

the world. of goodness M.C.J. 1942. pages. $1.50.) 197 City.Lake in increasing number, courses, when now

latest of posthumous volume very popular taught, properly been haveThis the SO THERE to husto Alfred be helpful of Professor poetic been shown works and have Os- (Vilate Raile. Illustrated. Bookmark Press,

children. wife, of parents, the for years chairman and band,mond, many 1942. pages. $1.50.) 64 Jersey. New

discipline, subject, as an academic at Brigham department UniEnglish Young The for and of whimsical verse volume THIS is conCarefully friends stage. old will the of pioneerversity, out win cement and

will adults children most (and about careful obserexperiments, equally ones. ducted newmany

it their for reading find themselves own generally, loving workers, a people and capable vations and Compiled by among is as published Malone refreshment) Ted "A is sections: competent into seven ofthe divided opinions from wealth volume among

this of publication Selection."work The "I'd of Life,"Death- a of at the"I Write Rather students, are already Sing command

to Raile recognition Mrs. as a distinct comes Live,"less teachers. students Let and Song,""When "So Me

field, after this preparain long waiting and I,"Child Mountain Roams,"Fancy "A Am all together to seeks bring This book tion. to Source,"Life Exalted Lifts an"Faith My concerning marriage available knowledge Benet William Rose Foreword by The the Beautiful of cantos and "The twoand editors, recognizing family. the The and

Good."Each section bears witness to the this as more than a mansized task, secured

fact that Professor Osmond found life good chapters on the several phases of the genand that he was eager to make it better for eral subject from twentyseven competent all mankind. professional workers in the field. The ediThe bequest he has left is well expressed tors provided unity and continuity in the

the occasion of writtenin this upon poem CURIOSITIES book.

.'his death: fall parts: into contents seven ConThe should we contend earnest- 1. What Life, of Preparation texts for MarFamily HIS LIVING. LEGACY ly for? Interaction Factors, Family Physical riage,

By Wm. Stanley Dunford 2. How may we know the truth of and Family Administration, Problems of

Sweet Nature's son! Christ's doctrine? Parenthood, Family Disorganization, and

With gifted pen, and living ink 3. Where is the word of God called Prospects for the Future. Each part in

From her own font, a sword? turn is divided into several chapters on

Embellished with the beauty of her love, 4. Where is the word of God called specific phases of the subject.

To us you've given a well of water? The result is an extraordinarily informasecrets the presof excellent concepts of our tive survey volume, orSuch of her soul, 5. Testament examOld many How lived, of subject becauseThat, you now, the famof whole knowledge ples sending have we of God become., beautifulAll things are writwell relations. more chapters sleep entily The

on individuals or people? ten, easily read, and correct in statement.

stars 6.The shimrri'ring What is the treatise kind, of its the most exhaustive proper ornament of a As

velvet, gath'ring dusk through theThat Christian of teaching it will woman? the proper marpromote

light of spearsSend Besides, cite the family. though things as riage Savior the and did What petal sleeping of the 7. the kiss earth, toTo it will valuuse, a be for classroom planned bringing requisite for forth of the

rose, families intelligent everyfor able handbook fruit? good life to wakeAnd where. 8. his lose act a does what man By its leaves, of 'neath theSoft shadows is of sociprofessor Becker Dr. Howard personal freedom? fairies sing and shelterdance,—Where assistant Hill proDr. ology, and Reuben

. to us. intimate 9. moreYou've made the respect Lord's does In what the at University education, social of fessor

differ as given prayer Matthew by Hill, reared and Dr. born Wisconsin. of breakingThe

Hill, L. of is the Dr. Reuben and Luke? son in Utah, tintingWith

College. Agricultural State the Utah of sky,—withdawn, fragrant breath, 10. rethe longest drouth was What of birds, songAnd

That sweetly wake the turmoil of the day, corded in the Bible?—J.A.W.

Bewild'ring sense (Answers will be found on page 118) [Concluded on page 104)

Smith farm, Palmyra, to the Whitmer He was credited with downing sevenwarnmmi Death Ends Long Service farm, and a red maple to the Hill Cuenemy planes and probably six more.

Relief the part of Society morah as his achievements For he decorated was of George D. Pyper

return, In plan. centennial evergreens King by the with George VI

for are readied being Era proofs flying from the cross Hill were taken to the Joseph guished 10, 1942. March

press, that As the distincomes word farm. Smith distinreceived Later he the coveted

George D. Pyper, 82, General SupOther features of the beautification guished service order.

the"of erintendent Deseret Sunday included the planting of program everlieutenant the youngest U. S. One of School widely and Union and known

colonels, the Hill greens and shrubs from returned Chesley to CumorEngland actor, singer, as author, beloved and civic and church leader, has passed at the Martin Harris farm, and the Cuin November to be executive opaway following a brief illness. Death morah and Sampson farms, adjoining erations officer of the three Eagle

came January 16 after a heart attack the Hill, both part of the Church propSquadrons, which have been transsuffered December 16 at his office, erty in that section. ferred from the R.A.F. to the U. S.

where he was wont to spend full and A similar program of beautification Army Air Corps.

energetic days. is planned for next spring. States the Late in January, United

details of Brother Further Pyper

Junior of Chamber named Commerce will his passing the and appear in

Era for March. Chesley Gordon Peterson, him one of the ten outstanding young

Lieutenant Colonel at 22 men of the year.

Chesley, Brigson Mrs. of Mr. and By La Verl Christensen Peterson, received motivation the hamNew Drawing of Lucy

battlefields, flier farscattered Latterto of /\N at a age the become when Smith FoundMack nine Saint are fighting he young with up - day had a pilot went men who original colored drawing ofAn little this fellow the Lucy with landed "rickety"to preserve plane a on Americans** Smith, the Prophet's mother, Mack life, country's of Peterson farm. heroic emulating way

was recently discovered by Elder forefathers by whose blood the demoHe never lost sight of his goal. After

the Albert of Council ofGeorge Smith cratic preliminary standards years he took two won. were at BYUthe Preston Nibley, and on Twelve flight training for these England headed and young Among war Mormon

sites.tour history of Church The drawtwentieth 10, heroes birthday, of on his is Chesley Peterson August Gordon

ing is the property of Mrs. Clara Hendel Santaquin, Utah, former Brigham 1940, to join the Royal Air Force.

of Colchester, Illinois, only living grandYoung University student, who at 22 As a Boy Scout Chesley pursued daughter of Lucy Mack Smith. is a lieutenant colonel in the United merit badge examiners over half the

is unsigned, Although and the work first States county Santaquin's in England. Air Corps to become Army

itnothing the artist, about is known Peterson, Lieutenant Scout. Colonel High School At Payson a modEagle

appears that the drawing was made est, likeable farm boy, rocketed into he was student body president at sixsometime after the deaths of her sons fame as a member and commander of teen and was prominent in music, draJoseph and Hyrum Smith, in 1844. She the original American Eagle Squadron matics, and athletics.

died at Nauvoo, Illinois, May 5, 1855. of the Royal Air Force. Piloting fighter Melvin A. Openshaw, until recently

The picture was the property of planes, he had made 110 sweeps across bishop of the lieutenant colonel's ward

Lucy, the Prophet's sister, who passed the English Channel prior to a visit for many years, said: "Chesley has

it on to her daughter, Mrs. Hendel, to his native state last autumn. In all been outstanding throughout his life,

who is now eightyone years of age. his aerial warfare he has never been and I am sure he attributes much of his

The only likeness of the Prophet's seriously injured although several times success to the principles learned as a mother known to the Church has been his plane has been "shot up,"and on one member of the Latterday Saint an artist's conception. This drawing occasion he parachuted from a doomed Church."

therefore the bemay only authentic Spitfire into the English Channel. Word of Wisdomportrait Smith. of Lucy Mack

A photographic copy of the drawing Anniversary has been received at Church headquar- "Cebruary 27 marks the one hunters. dred tenth anniversay of the Word

Patriarch to the Church offormsWisdom'.Section 89Thein revelation,the Doctrinewhichand

Assumes Duties Covenants, was received by the ProphDatriarch to the Church, Joseph F. et Joseph Smith February 27, 1833, at

Smith assumed his fulltime duties at Kirtland, Ohio.

his office in the Church administration building early in January. At the time New Church Radio

of his appointment he was head of the Series Begun speech department at the University Clder Stephen L Richards of the is beingof Utah. He recently addressed a meetCouncil of the Twelve

ing of the National Association of heard currently in a new series of

Teachers of Speech in Chicago. Church radio programs, "The Church

in Peace,"every and WarTrees from Cumorah at p.m. 9:15 Sunday KSL. MWT,originatingfrom Historic Spots ToGo selections Schreinby Alexander Organ

"Touring 1942 upwards of seventy er and special music under the direction evergreens, shrubs, and rosebushes of J. Spencer Cornwall accompany the

were taken from the grounds of the program, which is broadcast from the

Hill Cumorah and transplanted to the Tabernacle. The series is successor to

Peter Whitmer farm, where the Church the informal discussions on vital probwas organized April 6, 1 830. lems which were being featured on the

In the exchange of trees two sugar Courtesy, The Pcovo Herald Church radio hour.

maples were taken from the Joseph LIEUTENANT COLONEL CHESLEY GORDON PETERSON {Continued on page 94)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

(Continued from page 93) B. Y. TJ. Drops Events

to Cut Travel Load \17artime conditions, particularly ** transportation restrictions, have led Brigham Young University to cancel five major conferences and contests for the duration: Leadership week;

the invitational track, field, and relay carnival meet; the intermountain journalism conference; the intermountain

commercial contest; and the intermountain speech tournament and drama festival.

Dolls to Depict Mormon Migration "D e-creation of the Mormon migration MISSIONARIES LEAVING THE MISSIONARY HOME DECEMBER 12, 1942 *r in miniature, with Brigham Young Front row (from left to right): Mrs. Luella Adams Moore, Janell Warner, Mrs. Efreda A. Malan, Mrs. Zeneth

leading figure, is nearingas the comple- G. Israelsen.

B. Colton, President Clarence E. Moore, row: Second Alexis B. Hansen. Don Malan, William M.tion Lewis Sorensen of Los Angeles. by row: instructor, Third Earl R. Wilding, E. Gee, E. William Asahel Berrett, Clendon W.

The completed group will be presented Rear: Seth M. Jones. Burk.

for permanent exhibition at the Utah Adrian Leonard Kearl, born April 11,

State Capitol building. The miniatures, 1900 at Lake Town, Utah. Excommuniranging in height from eighteen to twenATTENTION! L. D. S. cated November 2, 1942 in Ogden Twentyty inches, are the hobby of this Los SERVICE MEN first Ward, Ogden.

S. Richards Lackey, Maude M. EmmaAngeles dress designer.

13, 1877. January Excommunicated IT will be appreciated if presidents of born

FirstAid Kits stakes and bishops of wards will December 21, 1942 in Peoria, Illinois, NorthUrged for Homes acquaint servicemen with the facilities ern States Mission.

mentioned below. Phyllis Anthea Coburn Nyborg Priebe,

"\17ard and stake Relief Societies and A reading room, writing room, born April 11, 1908. Excommunicated De-

* * all Latterday Saint families in music and game facilities are procember 21, 1942 in Peoria, Illinois, North- "war risk areas"are being urged to vided for your leisure time enjoyern States Mission.

S. SerFor L. D. at the "Home 1920. 25, Lavona Rugg, born December firstaid kits ment general familyprovide and

Street. State vice Men,"41 North April Excommunicated 29, 1942 at Elmo, in their use. personsand to train

Stake. Emery facilito the invited are use You bulletin issued recently the Reby A Bernice 5, Smith, Edel born March May ties 11 daily to 4:30 p.m. from andlief treats topics the following Society 1942 21, 1897. September Excommunicated 1 p.m. Saturdays and from Sundaysfirstaid kits in risk families for war Indianapolis, States Mission. at Northern 1 1 to p.m. friends your and male You

firstaidareas; Relief supplies for SoSutrella Richards born Tohme, Thelma are these to urged use comfortable

cieties in war risk areas; survey to list rooms in your leisure time. September 26, 1913. Excommunicated Deavailable supplies for emergency care cember 21, 1942 in Peoria, Illinois, Northern

in war risk areas; call for women to States Mission.

5, 1901. Tonek, born October Edna May firstaid instructors; Relief Sobecome

at 3, 1942 Excommunicated December for minutes, run of fourteen a twomile filling inciety charity to fund used be Bridgeport, Connecticut, England MisNew full in unitwenty seconds—dressedquilt of assignments Welfare Church sion. fiftypound form with equipped and Relief nursing Societycommittee; home

rifle. officers'In pack ninepound and list Southern Arizona practicalclasses; of trained Wards and

training school, Saint Earl Latterday J. current; to Soldiers adequatenurses kept be Make Welcome

Kuttler, in lieutenant quarterthe now all Saint famifor Latterdaybedding superintendents of mutual the npHE California, corps, Ontario, master lies; requisitioning for procedure mate- A and Binghampton Tucson Wards the equalled in practice. the record Atrials bishops'storehouse. from inthe are Southern Stake of Arizona officer his invitation of he commanding

Doctrine and Covenants Quoted participated in an official run and set terested in contacting Latterday Saint

At Academy Formal the record time of thirteen minutes, thirservice men who are stationed at or near

If Arizona. has Tucson, one a friend teen similarly seconds, and dressed of the K. Everton Joseph U./adet stationed family or the of a member equipped.

S. at Coast Academy Guard New his there, to address send and name perKuttler 's outstanding Lieutenant

that writes Connecticut, heLondon, E. Speedway, Tenny, Oscar 3037 Tucinterested led questioning. to formance section Doctrine Covenantsused and son, or Arizona, E. Clawson, Joseph officer particularcommanding was The quotation 136, verse decorative as a 28 1, Arizona. Tucson, 280, Route Box ly promise impressed a quoted by by annual the Thanksgracing academy's

implicit his Lieutenant L. S. D. Meeting Kuttler—and passage, of formal. partgiving The

effect faith that in should the he in Places Northwest it—to instructions given throughthe Brigham

weary, not "run and and and be walk list at Saints to of is a the QuarWinter Latterday "CollowingYoung faint."not of The Wisdom Word *"their trek startedters they as on Saint meeting located places near

for of a discussion westmade Mormonway favorable elicited of deal award, good defense training centers the and war superior. at with his length ism some quotation: inquiry. in Pacific the and Thecomment northwest: camps

If thou art merry, praise the Lord with Excommunications Spokane, Washington: Fifth and Howard

singing, with music, with dancing, and with HPhe following excommunications have Streets; N. 4221 Martin Street

A., C. Washington, 6 South Y. M. of praise and thanksgiving.a prayer the Yakima, of to the office A been reported

Street Fourth past Presiding during Bishopric the Hall, Ellensburg, F. Washington, O. I. O."Shall and Not Run

Pine Street 302 NorthBe Weary..."month:

Washington, Wilhelmina Jacoba DeBuizer Fillippi, Vancouver,Tn May, 1942, when the English Comborn July 19, 1910. Excommunicated in East 502 East Eighteenth StreetL. D. S. Building,

* mandos were being much publicized, Orange Ward, New York, November 24, Bellingham, Washington, Forrest and Ceone was reported to have set a record 1942. dar streets

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

Bremerton, Washington, Eighth and HewJenson Autobiography Auxiliaries Appeal ett streets Everett, Washington, Eighteenth and Baker Goes to Church Libraries to Mothers, Daughters streets /Commemorating the ninetysecond 4 * A Message of Friendliness and SoOlympia, Street 1214 Washington, Adams ** is licitation"small late Assistant of a the of the name birthday

EightythirdTacoma, Washington: recently the the published ReHistorian, by pamphlet Jenson, and Church Andrew

streets Park streets; Steel and North "L"

I. lief appealSociety Association A. Y. and Memorial Jenson M. Andrew W. Seattle, First Washington: North and Roy existof to ing the to sent his to copies mothers use of Autobiography make streets; Fiftieth streets; and E. Tenth N.

Fortyfourth S. W. and Andover streets; each of the 1242 wards and branches ing Church agencies to keep their

5321 Seventeenth South of the Church, and to all missions in daughters affiliated with the auxiliary

Renton, Washington, Pythian Hall the United States, Canada, Mexico, organizations, and to aid them in the

Vancouver, British Columbia, 804 East and the Hawaiian Islands, to be added social problems that accompany war

Fourteenth Street to their libraries. conditions.

Chehalis, Washington, Main Street opposite Bank B. Y. U. Library Buildings Dedicated

Shelton, Washington, 1624 Ridge (Albert L. Ferwerda, Shows Growth HpHE Midvale Second Ward Chapel Road)

Ferndale, Washington, (Herbert Munson, 'T'he Heber J. Grant library at Brig- "* of the East Jordan Stake was dedi-

3, Ferndale) Route A cated Dr. R. Richard conJanuary Ly- 3, by University Young ham now

Kelso, Catlin Washington,West Communof the Council of the Twelve. it anman tains been volumes, has 126,785 ity Hall, Eighth and Main the of Callis Elder Charles A. Counlibrarian. Ollorton, nounced Anna by Dalles, Hall, Eagles Oregon,The West

cil the of dedicated the Twelve Montethan library the In addition has more Street Second

Corvallis, Oregon, SeventhDay Adventist fifty thousand pamphlets and bulletins. bello Ward, Pasadena Stake, chapel,

Church, Sixteenth and Jackson streets During the past year emphasis was November 29, 1942.

McMinnville, Oregon, SeventhDay Advenlaid on acquiring new books dealing tist Church with Utah, Latterday Saints and their Memorial Fund

Astoria, Oregon, Fellows Lodge, to Odd Bonds Goes War Tenth philosophy, the Book of Mormon, and streets Commercial and dollars, hundred DaughCix raised by archeology. Thirtieth S.Portland, Harri- E. Oregon: and ** ters residing the of Utah Pioneers Street; E. Failing 313 son streets; N.

1523 S. E. Tacoma Street; S. E. SixtyCarpets, Furniture in southern California towards the

fifth and Holgate streets; University Club Installed in Temple erection of a monument in honor of the

Hall, original 7703 Hereford Battalion, North Community has been Mormon Falls Idaho Temple was closed HPhe streets Oregon,Eugene, Tenth Tyler and invested bonds. States in United war

in * to the public late December StreetSalem, Oregon, North Cottage 660 of erection the on monument to The finish carpets, F. Klinger,St. laying Helens, to (Frank Oregon, allow workmen in Los Angeles has been Moore Hill Houlton) install furniture, murcomplete and for duration. the postponed of River, Knights Pythias Oregon,Hood it is is finished als. After the work

Street Hall, Third between that the building will Oak and Casexpected be reCalifornia Mission cade until it is the public dedicated. opened to Appoints Coordinator S. Institute Idaho, L. D.Moscow,

Idaho, CornerSandpoint, Alder Fourth and has been apSamuel L. Tyler "P lder Those Passed Have Who Away streets pointed coordinator for L. S. D. Idaho,Kellogg, Division Church, Methodist sixtynine, L. HpHOMAS Woodbury, servicemen defense and workers who streets and Market -"- missionary in Tahiti 189396, left their staare and have and homes now Idaho, Seventh Corner andWallace, Bank

streets president of the Tahitian Mission in tioned or working within the confines

Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, Ninth and Wallace 1935, died December 31, in Salt Lake of the California Mission. Elder Tyler

streets City. has been released from all other missionary work to aid these people in beand missions, of meeting the Texas SpanishAmerican at Conjoint missionary Top: November 10, 1942, active coming in the Church organizathe Lee of Council B. Harold were authorities of the Visiting Twelve and Texas. Ivins R. Antoine Houston, of tion nearest them. L. President and were Sister Present of William Seventy. of the Warner First Council the Mission the Texas

and President and Sister David F. Haymore of the SpanishAmerican Mission.

Bottom: Florida District missionaries in conference at Jacksonville, Florida, November 14 and 15, 1942, Missionaries Released in December,

Mission States Southern of the a tour during by Nicholas G. Smith and Sister Smith in company 1 942, and Others Not Previously Whitaker. and Sister P. Whitaker President William with

Reported Brazilian: Joseph Moore Nelson, Salt

Lake City; Lionel M. Farr, Washington,

D. C; Glenn Frank Blaser, Logan, Utah.

California: Eva Thelma Bowen, Salt

Lake City; Merlon S. Christensen, Wendell, Idaho; Alberta Farrimond, St. Anthony, Idaho; Grant L. Judd, Hoytsville,

Utah; Louise E. Reiser, Salt Lake City;

Frederick Loertscher, Salt Lake City; Norman McKee, Salt Lake City; Virginia E.

Myerhoff, Salt Lake City; Robert C. Patch,

Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Canadian: George Kenton Donaldson.

Salt Lake City; Jay W. Galbraith, Kaysville, Utah; Gordon Maynor Hicks, Portland, Oregon; William J. Naylor, Salt Lake

City; Alma LaMar Sayer, Idaho Falls,

Idaho; Maitland J. Stewart, Los Angeles,

Calif.; Thurston P. Smith, Cardston,

Canada.

Central States: Luella McAllister, Midvale, Utah; Robert W. Anderson, Ogden,

Utah; Dean Tingey Kunz, Bern, Idaho;

Sylvester E. Hart, Raymond, Idaho; Garth

L. Lee, Salt Lake City; Milton David Rogers, Blanding, Utah; Richard W. Tracy,

(Continued on page 117) =diibiial last town and village and hearthside. Neverthefiqain&L JthsL (V&dcL less,led toittheiris alsoruintrueby falsethat strongor misguidedpeoplesleaders,have beenand

that peoples better to led things been have weak of said Tt Ishmael, was before "his born: he was strong imwise of by which and leadership—all will against hand be every man, every man's and presses us the profound importance men's of upon against hand him"(Genesis are 16:12). There will follow. wisely choosing they There whom people some us remind of who who are of great are there leader a marks and many this—people are against the think that world and the world who difficulties in begrievous peoples are many who is against them. things But that are some willingly leadership followed cause they have bad

all honest are men thoughts, our against—ourthere this otherwise. leadership or of question Indeed,

voices and our to of troubles the world's in our most the key is abroad.

all in in of Wefeelingsresent arethe setbrutalityagainstthatthe hasevil beenthat holdsgeneration generations, all phases and unloosed. tjhought the We resent life; suffer follow, those since or and gain by who millions, of persecution oppression. and ofWestarvingresent their leadership, well of be it would to know some inefficiency, waste indecision, and discorruption,

for. the things look we should trust. loyalty to evilloose-living, resent We

First of all, we should know that a good leader thinking, injustice. We are against every malady, 1

every difficulty, every trouble, every malpractice is one who does not consider his power of greater and every evil that stalks the earth. importance than the welfare of his people; nor does

But perhaps it is time to remind ourselves that he seek to enslave those he professes to benefit;

it isn't enough to be against something bad. You nor does he place political considerations above

must be for something good. You could sit at the common cause, nor his own ends above a

home in your rockingchair and be against everyunited effort; nor would he ask others to sacrifice

sacrifice. to willing also being Nor would neighbors included—and thing—your creedal rightformalities hold a safe leader above complish any good purpose. To be reallystill effectivenot acwithout

you must be actively for something. If there is a eousness, the letter above the spirit, or manmade

above revealed or demonstrated truth. great evil abroad in the world—and there is—the dogma

only way to get rid of it is to see that it is replaced A safe and good and great leader trusts his folby a great good. Evil will not run from a negative lowers with the truth, and feeds them nothing else.

attitude. If you're against slavery you must do It was the Savior of mankind who said: "For

something for freedom. If you're against falsethey know his voice. And a stranger will they

hood, do something for truth. not follow"(John 10:4 and 5). And somehow all

To eradicate wrong ideas we must plant right peoples, out of the experience of their own lives, ideas, and to make the world what it should be, and out of the testimony of generations gone bewe must crowd it so full of positive good that evil fore, must learn to recognize and to follow those will be ashamed to show its face. We must make voices that beckon them to destinations that are

freedom so utterly real for all men that no tyrant worth traveling toward, to places that are worth could ever promise them anything that would sound reaching for, where promises find fulfilment, and better. where the substance of enduring happiness is not

There are many people in the world who are always just over the next hill. R. L. E.

against evil, who will probably never reach the heaven they expect and who will wonder why, and then perhaps someone will tell them that it &&c/uwdiwL in. ihsL 2Gojwl

isn't enough to be against things. Said the Savior All the auxiliary organizations of the Church

of mankind: "He that is not with me is against have united in the preparation, publication

me"(Matthew 12:30). Evil isn't content with and distribution of a useful and significant onebeing passive. Evil is an active force. And those hundredthirty-eightpage booklet, Recreation in

who would see righteousness cover the earth must the Home, which meets a genuine need in an able also set in motion an active force. And so, if you're and practical way.

against the evils of the day, do something about it.

that all of us we are going for ourselves—R. L, E. to Itbemustincreasinglynow be cleardependentto upon

many things which we have more or less thoughtlessly become accustomed to paying others to do for us. Happily among those things for which

TLot JjoUoiv"we shall now have renewed personal responsibility is the recreation of our own families under the \X/e have come again to the month of February, hallowing influence of our own roofs. This fact

which recurrently reminds us of Washingcannot help but create a stronger family bond, and ton and Lincoln—and being reminded of them, we return again to the sphere of the home, where it

are also reminded of other personalities and prinbelongs, a renewed influence in the development ciples associated with them and the nation they of character and in the shaping of moral and social served. standards, ideals and attitudes. For making availIt is a wellknown fact—so wellknown that the able to the whole Church at this time an effective reutterance of it would seem to be trite—that the aid to this end, the executives of all the auxiliaries,

strength or the weakness of a nation runs right and their associates, are to be warmly congratuthrough the very fibre of its people, down to the lated.—. L. E.

.

The term "angel"is applied to different classes of beings. Some appear to be spirits which have not

yet attained to the earth estate, and do not possessEvidences and celestialized earthly bodies. Others are personages

who have lived on earth, but have not yet been resurrected. A third class are those who have gonereconciliations through the earth experience and have been resurrected, as Moroni, who visited the Prophet Joseph

all likelihood, as personages, Smith. In known

to serve. their fitnessJbriiL. What &L Che &nxpL? angels, are according to used

'"The constant care of the Lord for man is a fun- A passage in the Doctrine and Covenants gives damental tenet of the Church. Though left a more restricted or technical definition of an angel.

with his free agency to'work out his salvation, man "Angels... are resurrected personages, having

is never beyond the loving watchcare of his Heavbodies of flesh and bones"(D. & C. 129:1 ). This

enly Father. Man's perversities are often overis confirmed by the doctrine that persons who have

ruled by the Lord, so far as eternal law permits. won the right to enter the celestial glory, but have

Justice and mercy travel hand in hand. The love not been sealed in marriage cannot receive the

that led the Father to formulate the plan of salhighest exaltation. They "are angels of God

vation is in full operation as weak man meets the forever and ever"(D. & C. 132:17). This may be

experiences of mortality. Man is really never alone, the most accurate definition of an angel.

for divine power is always within his reach. The duties of these messengers of God are many

Divine guidance may be communicated to man and varied, as set forth in Holy Writ. They may

in several ways. God, the Father, may appear, announce the truths of the gospel, or convey speHimself, as He has done at the opening of dispencial messages to individuals or nations. They may

sations of the gospel. More frequently His Son, act as guardians to protect the righteous, or agents

Jesus Christ, has appeared. On many occasions, to inflict divine penalties upon the wicked. They

messengers have been sent out from the spiritual may come, as at the beginning of a dispensation, domain to help men on earth. Often, mortal men with authority to bestow the Priesthood or to help

have been inspired to help their fellows. Usually, in the development of the organized Church. In

however, the divine message is conveyed by the short, they go and they do as they are bidden.

Holy Spirit, the influence radiating from God and The angels of God, or their influence, always if it be atouching every part and personality in the universe. come in light. It may be light to the eyes

Any or all of these means of communication have personal appearance, or the light that leads to been employed in the wisdom of the Lord. righteous works if it be a spiritual message. It is

an interesting observation of the Prophet Joseph in references to angels are the Numerous found... this earth that minister to "angels Smith who scriptures,sacred Bible, ancient In the modern. and

.... it. angels to or belong belonged have The

toangels ministered Jacob, Abraham, Gideon, like in a sea reside the globe presence of God, on.. aElijah, Zachariah, others. In the and many Book fire, all their for glory glass things of and whereof ministered angels to the to Nephi, son Mormon,

past, future, are present, manifest, are and andof to disciples, the twelve to Helaman, multiand continually before 130:5-7). the C. Lord"(D. & of In others.tudes days, angels appeared modern his also hosts Satan has messengers. The whoto others; in the revelations the and to Joseph and

fell are in council preexistent the heaven from theirProphet, angels functions repeatedly are and for in to busily opposition purposes engaged God'sdiscussed. can the There be about no question salvation. into to lead sent man's are out men Theyimportant in functions of angels the of course sin. untruth, are therefore of evil. angels of They

salvation.human feed on lies. They

There is, however, much confusion in the use of These evil "angels"use deception as their main the term angel. Yet, an examination of sacred histool of destruction. They simulate all that is good.

tory makes clear that under the most general They urge the satisfaction of sensuous appetites.

definition, angels are personages out of the spirit In the words of Brigham Young, they tell a hunworld, sent to earth as messengers of the Lord. This dred truths so that the one lie may be accepted.

is in full accord with gospel doctrine. The spiritual, Sometimes they may come as angels of light, in

invisible world, out of which man comes and into borrowed or stolen raiment. Always they fail to

which he returns, is filled with uncounted hosts of reveal themselves as they are.

such personages. There can be no reason why the Satan and his evil angels are bodiless. That is

Lord may not use them for His purposes in accomtheir heavy punishment. Their power, now and

plishing the plan of salvation for his earthchildren. hereafter, is greatly limited by this lack. Therefore,

Indeed, angels residing in the presence of God they often seek entrance into human bodies, even (D. & C. 130:7) are waiting to be sent forth in conbodies of lower animals. Whenever this occurs,

nection with this great work (D. & C. 86:5). the individual thus made to share his body is caused

Angels were sent to commit the gospel in this as much agonized suffering.

in former dispensations ( D. & C. 27: 1 6, 35; 20: 1 ) However, one does not really need to fear the

God calls by the ministering of angels (D, 6 C. angels of evil. They are essentially cowardly. They

43:25). They may minister also to personages in fear light and truth. Darkness and untruth are

heaven (Psalms 103:20). With respect to the their native habitat. Their successes always come

earth an angel is a messenger of God, to assist in when the mind of man is darkened by unbelief or consummating holy purposes. He is a "ministering unholy practices. A resolute determination to havespirit"(D. 6 C. 136:37). (Concluded on page 127)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C JOSEPHSON

me recently, "I'd send greeting telegrams on holidays but it simply scares

Mother to death if the boy comes or if the voice on the phone says 'Western will for be used Hints Payment Handy to let it go."Union.'I have So—publication. event dollar the one In upon saying, old is an There are submitted, "Never ihat the idea with same two

'til troubles trouble, trouble trouble will earlier receive the the postmarked one you."It is a good one. If we acclimate dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

ourselves to expecting good instead of but eacl. wil receive careful consideration.

bad; if we jpen the door with a smile

instead might hapscowl, of a we just men's boys'washing and work and When attract that to find more pen we would fold school together them, seams pants and good than bad. creases in place. Do this after the last

Not one of you reading this can lay rinse and run them through the wringer,, it aside without duplicating in your bottom end first. With a little straightening,

own memory the result of some other they can be hung to dry and will need very surprise that turned out with amazingly little or no ironing. Lightweight trousers

three clothespins or need clamped two may stories results. success happy The

in place. the side creases hold on each

facts are not figments: are they heard P., Idaho. Gooding, R.—Mrs.to that someone, because developed have

somewhere retained the childlike attiWhen making new pillowslips for everytude of expecting constantly a happy day use, try cutting embroidered designs surprise. from old, wornout cases, and applique them

The chief factor is to start the ball oncontrastsnew oneswithwiththatthreadin thethatdesign.matchesThisor

will attractive save time and make very By Lilliace M. Mitchell rollingsurprise.by givingTry it!someone else a happy cases. Florida. Mrs.M. K., Miami,

a church party ago a few weeks little clustered together groupAt a Your Snapshots May Have of Tryan eggusingwhentwomakinggrahampumpkincrackerspie.in placeIt is

and chatted casually of this and Military Value much more economical and tastes just as that anything and that popped into the good.—Mrs. L. J., Ogden, Utah. 'T'he Office of Strategic Services is on of the crowd. minds

"My grandmother told me that after the hunt for photographs showing When cleaning your piano keys, instead of in the terrain using out water, rag of milk lands wring foreign a and which maychurch Sunday, grandfather used on my just the have rag milk won't so that damp possibly theaters of war. become Anyfive invite to six or to people come in get will the cracks. preThis between trip ever to one took a a Europe, who for dinner,"said one.home Sunday the turning yellow. vent from keys Miss cruise, at or in lived world the time any farm,"must "That have on a been P., L. City, Salt Utah. Lake Orient, probably snapshots has which else said indulgently. someone "Imagine inviting five or six people to come would be valuable to the government Before hanging clothes outof-doors on

home to a small apartment for Sunday right now. It would be most useful if a cold day, wet your hands in vinegar and

it let on. get cold. dry hands so won't through Your you would go photoyour it city!dinner in the must have But

It is also to heat the clothes idea a good all select picalbums graph foreign and all. lovely. Friendly Hospibeen and pins fingers in the keep your oven warm. tures as landwhich backgrounds show istality as as a today dodo."dead L., Utah. A. Ogden, to—M. scapes, harbors, beaches, docks, manukitchenette has could a "Anyone who

invite one guest,"the first insisted stoutfacturing plants, oil storage facilities, For "Never fail, never fall"meringue, railroad stations, yards, and tracks, and beat egg whites until stiff, add onefourth "What a surprise it would be, the offer them to the Office of Strategic cup sugar and two teaspoons of cold water second laughed, "if someone said to me, Services. to each two egg whites, add flavoring,

spread and slowly or quickly, as you brown pictures themselves not should The to dinner me, Clara.'with'Come home

prefer. B. S. Mrs. R., Canandaigua, New letters this time, sent at be but should be stutter."I'd I'd surprised, be so York. to the O.S.S., Station 46, G, Box stutter? Yes? written '"What would you

Or no?"New York City, outlining what you After breaking three fine needles in an

"Yes,"said Clara simply. "I was have in the way of photographs. A effort to handhem some good quality tub-

I ing, of of mother's rubthought questionnaire will way then my to mailed be you in smallreared a hundred two the mild white over bing a soap and hem filled all be details in with the of what I—town here.miles from

fine presto! going easy and hemming. pictures your Silhouette of show. shots stuttering, in the cut "Start Clara,"dresser cabinor stubborn on rubbed Soap islands, cities air views of harbors, and afterother. with home me "Come et in calling carpenter save a drawers

or photographs heights taken from arechurch. Sunday. Yes?"or Next L. Smithfield, handy A. B man.—Mrs.may particularly valuable. Pictures will be Utah. said Clara. "Yes!"

One of the great psychological differreturned after use upon request.

like substances sticky syrup, measure To adult child the theences between and etc., molasses, the grease measuring cup

is a child expectingis that the always first slip liquid will the the cup from and is surprise, the lookpleasant always on F. E. Newcastle, Utah. D. easily.—Mrs.

it. other for hand, Adults,out on the

are tired and have assumed that surHeat the blade of the bread knife to cut prises are usually unhappy surprises. perfect slices of warm bread, and turning

Thus when the doorbell chime sounds, the loaf on its side, make light easy strokes.

the average adult exclaims, "What—Mrs. C. S. S. Midvale, Utah.

now!"A telegraph boy at the door In wrapping packages, moisten the string

practically "floors"the older members used for tying. The string will shrink on

of the family. So true is this that the drying, holding the package more securely.

youngest son of a large family said to—Mrs. W. S. B. Evanston, III.

By Josephine B. Nichols

jT\o your part on the home front by using quick, nutritious, and economical recipes.

Mexican Scramble

1 cup cubed leftover beef is its this delicious than surprising Mrs. pie apple suggested by name 1 2 can No. kernel whole corn More

it family R. Baron. while are Try apples your watch M. now plentiful—and \ cups juice tomato x/2 flakiest, to for tenderest in."crust the sure ever use "dig you be And made chili teaspoons powder\Yi

It's satisfaction Flour. absolutely Enriched dependable. Complete Globe "Al"tablespoons 3 chopped onion

refunded. or your guaranteed money salt teaspoons14

2 tablespoons fat Let meat and slowly onion brown in fat. mr "COBBLESTONE"APPLE PIE corn andAdd tomato juice and seasonings

PASTRY letand simmer for gently thirty minutes.

tsp. salt FLOUR "Al"1 c. GLOBE Vi inServe a ring of rice or spaghetti.

shortening (3 to Water 4 tbsp.) V c.

Sausage Loaf Sift flour, measure; ad.d salt. Cut in shortsize of ening until the about peas. Add 1 cup sausage meat

towater, to mixture hold only enough 1 cup canned tomatoes 1 cup mashed potatoes gether. Roll out to fit deep 9-inch pie pan.

2 cups bread crumbs FILLING 1 cup cooked beans c. 1 FLOUR sugar "Al"6 tbsp. GLOBE

1 beaten egg butter tbsp. large tart apples 3 4

1 fat tablespoon 1 water tsp. cinnamon Vi *

1 salt teaspoon Dash of pepper Pare and core apples, cut into quarters in pastrylined arrange eighths or and 1 teaspoon sage flour, to pan and cobblestones. cinnamon, resemble sugar, Mix I all ingredients together, Mix into shape butter to to a batthoroughly water, form crumbs; mixing add I loaf,a (375 and in a bake moderate oven ter. minutes; 10 deg.) over apples. in Pour (450 hot Bake oven

F.) forty minutes. Serve hot with hot tender. to reduce until are (350 apples deg.) moderate bake and

sauce.white 12. Serves I

White

flour 4 tablespoons Sauce A-1 FOR EVERYTHING YOU BAKE!

4 tablespoons butter Yi teaspoon salt 2 cups milk Melt the fat; add the flour and salt and

cook while stirring until smooth but notbrown. Add the milk and cook in a double IT'S I

boiler until it thickens.

Spanish Omelet PLEASIRE!

6 egg yolks I IJ I I 6 egg whites j HOWwould you plan a 1 evaporated Yz CUP milk TS ALWAYS pl; salt teaspoon Yi

of pepper Dash WeSquarc.SUL*c* 1 ofitimepf>? i Beat yolks egg until thick and lemon

colored. Add milk and seasoning. Beat

egg whites until stiff and dry. Fold whites

into eggyolk mixture. Pour, into hot,

omelet fryinggreased or pan. Cook over..oo.totuvcyou*

is until heat omelet low goldena brown our guut the underside. in Placeon a moderate oven

(350 F.) until top is dry and firm. Turn

out on platter. Serve at once with tomato Htw 550,000

cream sauce. COFFEE SHOP 1. Travel only when necesTomato Cream Sauce OS********'*"sary; plan trips in advance.

1 stalk celery 2. Select less crowded sched-

1 slice ules; days. go week onion 1

1 bay leaf 3. early; take only Get tickets

1 cup tomatoes 1 suitcase.

\% cups white sauce Si Add seasoning to the tomatoes and simmer twenty minutes. Rub through a sieve, union pacific

into very slowlythen pour hot white sauce. STAGES Cookies Whole Wheat

Hotel Temple Square \ x/2 cups cracked whole wheat lYz% cupsteaspoonsiftedsaltflour 34 teaspoon cinnamon CLARENCE "L. WEST

34 teaspoon nutmeg ''".Manage*. *&

(Concluded on page 100) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

COOKS'CORNER "When we got there {Concluded from page 99) until stiff, beat in molasses gradually, then % XA cupcup brownfat (melted)sugar bysugarlargeandspoonfulssalt to makeon topa meringue.of puddingDropand the meat shelves were Yz cup chopped raisins decorate with slices of red gum drops.

1 egg J/2 cup milk Washington's Cherry Cake bare, Sift the flour, salt, and spices. Mix the J/2 cup shortening

sugar with the fat and the raisins with the 1 cup sugar cracked whole wheat. Put all of these incup broken nut meats

cherries, cut in quarters the maraschino egg 16 beaten add together gredients and (cake) until 2 cups flour well mixed. Stir Drop the milk.So we used and

by teaspoons, about two inches apart, on 2 teaspoons baking powder greased pans. Bake in a moderately hot 34 teaspoon salt

oven (375 F.) from ten to twelve minutes. J/2 cup evaporated milk diluted with J/ilk White EGGS cup cherry juice

Chocolate Molasses Float Pudding 4 egg whites

Instead"1 package powdered chocolate pudding Cream shortening and sugar thoroughly.

3 cups milk Mix nuts and cherries together and dredge

Yes, we agree: it is poor 32 eggtablespoonswhites molasses withof flourtwowithtablespoonsbaking powderflour. Siftandremaindersalt and

verse, but it's still a good 2 teaspoons sugar add to creamed mixture alternately with

Dash of salt diluted milk. Blend in nuts and cherries.

tip. With red meat supplies Mix chocolate pudding with milk. Cook Fold in stifflybeaten egg whites. Pour into

it thickens. and inches) wellgreased stirring until cake Repan heat, over low (8x8 diminishing rapidly, more (350 F.) fifty mininto serving heat, in moderate oven pour bake cool and from move

and more families are realdishes. Before serving, beat egg whites utes.

izing the many ways in be used which eggs can as THE OLD MAN'S STORY dish for the delicious main meatless meals. Then, too, {Continued from page 85) was ready those two men ate like

eggs contain much the tiedwhilethekeepinghorse tothea thiefsmallcoveredtree, allwiththe hungrySuppercoyotes.over, Port dragged the

same food elements as his gun and making him hold his man's saddle from under his bed, meats, plus even greater hands high in the air. opened the saddlebags, and there

Then he took the tie rope from was the gold still in the sacks with quantities of essential vitaaround the horse's neck, flipped a the seals not broken. He put these

mins. "Milk White"poultry, loop over the thief's foot, tossed the sacks and all the guns, except the

belly, horse's the and rope under a quilt under on his one he carried, too, are top quality for pick it to up. Just around walked tied the prisoners bunk. Then he

roasting, broiling, frying, or as he did, the thief kicked at him. hands together behind his back, and

stewing. Port let his gun fall on that shin removed the man's boots, tossed

bone, accidentally on purpose, and them under his bed with the saddles,

Insist on as he raised up said, "If an* you motioned the prisoner to a bunk in want to ride out of this canyon sitthe corner and told him to make himting up, best you be careful."His self comfortable.

Milk White EGGS hatthat hadfoot fallenand hisofflongwhenhairhefelldodgeddown toldHehimtookhe hiswashiredverymantiredoutsideand askedand over his shoulders. if the man could watch the prisoner

your standard of quality "Port Rockwell!"was all the surduring the night. The man said he

... Don't waste precious prised thief could say, and Port ancould, so Port got a fouryear-old swered with, "Who else did you club, put a chair just inside the door money on unknown think would come after you, some and told this man if the prisoner

brands. school marm?"made any move, to wear the club out

on him. Then Port flopped down on

top of the bed, on top of the gold

Well, Port tied that man's and the guns, and went to sleep. He

IF CINDERELLA feet together under the horse's belly, woke once, but the prisoner was had known about led the animal up to where his was, sleeping and the guard was awake, took a long stake rope, tied it to the so he turned over and was dead to

RECREATION horse and the other end to his saddle the world.

IN THE HOME thehorn,way,andtheywithstartedthe prisonerout forleadingPort's she would have been glad to ranch on Government Creek. When Olowly he came to realize

stay at home. they got there Port's hired man a horse was running somewhere. He

There is fun for the family in helped get the thief loose, remove jumped up. The prisoner was gone.

this lively book. Don't fail to the saddles, and then Port had him The guard was asleep in his chair.

get a copy. place the man's horse in the stable Out to the pasture he went, caught

Available from all the while his own was put in the pasture. his horse, saddled it up, got the

auxiliaries. Did this for the fence was none too gold, which he put in his saddlebags,

Only twentyfive cents. good. They took the saddles in the and rode away while the guard stilJ

house and started supper. When it snored like a hog in its wallow.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

The Old Man's Story

and over he Rockyridge went Up is White Bread with a just Here into Valleythe mountains Rush as the sun was coming up. He could

see the dust of the horse not six miles ahead of him, so he slowed upnot to leave a string of dust the priswheaty flavor!

oner could see. Into Vernon he Extra Nourishing, Too

rode, for he had seen the dust just It's just what your appetite has been ENRICHED to the west of that town. No one had hoping for—a white bread with a delicious, with Vitamins and Ironseen a man fleeing with no boots on

his feet and a quilt for a saddle. He natural WHEATY flavor! It adds new

lost a lot of time but picked up the pleasure to your meals. You'll find yourself

tracks of the horse about a mile reaching for an extra slice or two—and

above town and followed them over

Goshen Pass across East Valley and that's all to the good because Royal through Twelvemile Pass, where Enriched Bread is one kind of food everythe tracks turned north towards Fairfield. It was getting dark, so he rode one needs every day.

to the town. No one had seen the

muchwanted man, and though the town was searched, they never found Royal Baking Co., Salt Lake & Ogden Fresh every day

a thing. 100% Homeowned—100% American at your grocer's

Port got a fresh horse and rode on to Salt Lake. He turned in the

gold, and the officials wanted him SEE allto give chase, the for up for gold, thecared Port but was they A SUPERB HOTEL You Can'tsaid he would "never let no man"get away from him. He got another Always Plan

fresh horse and rode all over the valley but couldn't find anyone who the Future by f had seen the prisoner. A

Two days later a message came the Past t for Port. It was one of those not 'it

''stationsent from but they any what JSP1 Just haven't because you call a sent "jump message"from:f fire is a reason no had

i line. along thesomewhere Don't won't. you Don't why

it it done, butknow was came how the future judge the by IN SAN FRANCISCO through and came from east of Salt past.!t

It of Bridger. butLake bothwest social, to business, Convenient f is Fire a constant menit for Port,ered kidded about him theatres* shopping and Single * ace and visit you any may tonot being able catch a man who t>'from Double $6 from $4 day. quilt for boots only ahad no a and

Suites from $10 A generally Insure toproperty yoursaddle. f

of rates scale lower protected for long day be and insisted east, Port going but on t1 loss. against term occupancy

officialsthe give not him perwould mission. So he took a month's layBetter get your policy

off and went out between here and while you can.

Bridger. Some days later another

message came for Port—another t

but"jump message,"this one came Utah Home Fire f

tfrom east of Bridger. It told him he Insurance Co. t

was a failure and bid him goodbye. 1

Heber J. Grant & Co.

officials those one of Then remembered for the HOTEL GENERALSalt Lake City,AGENTSUtah. had worked a man who

company some months previous and Edmond A. Rieder i f

how he was always experimenting Genera/ Manager with a homemade instrument. They

satisfiedwere the man. he was oiter.. we Port never again heard A COMPLETE from that If s never too late to start a

man and returned home a disheartsubscription to ENGRAVINGFrom Missionary SERVICEPortraits to the Largest ened, discouraged man, but he never Catalogues gave up the chase, for wherever he THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

St.went he was looking for the only 12 issues $2.00 113 Regent Salt Lake City,man who ever got away from him. Utah

MENU IDEAS Sookiu fl&v young* Jolk From My Table to Yours!

BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

CherrySundae: Vanilla SIMON BOLIVAR

ice cream in dessert dish. Pour on (Elizabeth Waugh. Macmillan Company,

Tea Garden Drips Syrup. Garnish New York. 1941. 323 pages. $2.50.) oceros Got His Skin, The Elephant's Child,

with Tea Garden Maraschino 'Cherries. *I o thereall mustwho alwayslove thebe causepleasureof freedomin readHowthe Camelthe LeopardGot HisGot Hump.His Spots,NoandpersonHow

ing of those who fought that liberty might should consider himself well educated until "SIMPLIFIED SUZETTES"come to any country or race of people. he has read the Just So Stories—and those

right not begin educated been can have names to the who added a lustre have of thin, tender panCertain up a batch Whip this with to read it themselves set and now cause of throughout democracy the world. cakes. Spread and Tea Garden on butter

Concord Grape or Blackberry Jelly. Roll Washington, Lincoln, San Martin, and and their children at the same time.

Bolivar that are names tightly. with deluge each Serve—and

of all on the tongues deserve justly to be A CHILD'S GARDEN OF VERSES Americans. Drips flavored sumptuously Tea Garden

Syrup. This biography of the great South Ameri- (Illustrated. Robert Louis Stevenson. Garcan liberator is well done, breathing a spirit den City Publishing Company, New York.

SUPPER TONERUPPER of romance and adventure enough to stir 1942.)

the hearts of fire people to young the and Drips Syrup Garden Tea is this as butter staple colbread and folk. of older! Left fatherless at the broiled grapefruit As on A minds of lection verses StevRobert Louis by three of age motherless and before he to first tonerupper supper course new is edition particularly enson. This a happy reached nine years of age, the he flavor, to was the even best and add swank illustrations plentiful the are both because darling as well as the problem of uncle, an of dinners. for the Drips (famous Pour the appealing. can and one outgrow No his brother, sisters. elder and two The flavor waffles) hotcakes superb and on chilfeels affection for these he and poems, story his of his study, travel, final his and it the grapefruit. the over under Pop in to early should be introduced them dren struggle for the liberty cause of should be it broiler. luscious Gar- a with Tea Top life. all known love by freedom who deand enjoy! Cherry. den Maraschino Eat and

mocracy. INSIDE OUT JELLIED HAM WHAT "AM"

Mallette. E. (Gertrude HEROINES OF SKY THE flavorful, delightful, a meal, quick For

City, Doran. Garden Illustrated.New York.Double1942. and (Jean Adams Kimball. Ilday, Margaret slice in of a thick bake an uncovham

$2.00.) 278 pages. lustrated. Doubleday, Doran. dish Garden City, ered nearly oven. in a slow When done, spread ham with Tea Garden Red New York. 1942. 295 pages. $2.50) Mystery—what teen age girl does not

Currant or Mixed Fruit Jelly—and re- '"Phis volume, eagerly awaited, will be of thrill to that word! And the mystery

Sherrell develops developed Linda when turn Garto oven minutes. Tea great interest to * young who women

to scarlet fever remain had and housebound Jellies add den are interested in either forextraflavor—wholesomea few aviation or biogthe aid for four with of a pair But weeks preparagoodness. They're a delicious In raphy. addition the to sketches the of

field of glasses strong mind, quality and an active tion of fine table aviatrixes: fruits. wellknown Earhart, Amelia

the a part of Linda very important became Lindbergh, Jacqueline Anne there Cochran, GARDEN TEA unraveling of a mystery. are sketches others of not well so known, MARMALADERICE PUDDING

there and a foreword traces which 1 rice 1 with milk cooked cup cup Mix the BOOK WARPLANES OF MODERN history of in aviation. iswomen let 3 wellbeaten stand minutes. 10 Add paintings world's the of of is (A collection written, well fairly writbook The and salt, yolks, genteaspoon 5 and egg Vs latest aircraft. fighting Booth. Harold H. ten, the recognizing authors the necessity erous tablespoons Garden Orange Tea City Publishing Garden Companv, New of in dealing flattery. truth, not stiffly in well. 3 Fold Marmalade; mix 1942. York. $1.00.)

into a casserole; whites egg pour beaten HILL UP THE is this authorillustrator parof book ) (325 45 in slow a from oven bake and The Illustrated. Angeli. (Marguerite de Doublefor ticularly wellqualified the work 1 firm. 6. until or to Serves minutes hour,

day, Doran. Garden City, New York. because he served in World War I and

INFORMAL BUFFET SUPPER 1942. 88 pages. $2.00.) squadron leader in World War II. Those

—andInformaleconomical,entertainingtoo.isItsmartmeanstheseless fuss.days Thisnizedis anotherauthor beautifulwho doesbookher byowna recogillus- wholatest wishkindstoofbeplanesinformedwill concerningfind this bookthe feess bother. More time for fun with your trating. Moreover, this book will help mainvaluable—and children will adore it.

guests. What to serve? Try this terially in teaching all Americans to respect

TRAVELER'S this CANDLE citizens the to newer have come who Fruit Cocktail little sister, parcountry. the Aniela, Harcourt, Updegraff. (Florence was Brace M. Balced with Perk Corned

ticularly her that brother should eager 1942. York. 237 and Tad Company, New JellyPeach Garnish *Tea Garden

it art. his to study pages. But chance have was $2.00.) Potatoes Scalloped

there that to Father hard was convince life of colonial deals the with book Salad Bowl Vegetable This his in art that of one enough money Island. in 1680's Although the Rhode Muffins Corn

profession. that follow dren should Howchilfictitious, principles into the incorporated Tea Garden Marmalade Orange the imposseemingly Aniela accomplished true, prinfor are are story those the they Cherry-O Tea Garden Sundae reading. sible while worth makes ciples for ever has stood our country which removing before minutes corned Fifteen

the pork from oven, with surround religious canned since: understanding, freedom, ANCIENT OF SECRET THE THE halves. a of spoonful peach Put Tea Garden thought, 1o of freedom and freedom work

in Jelly half; dust Currant each with Red OAK family the at vocation. chosen a Through or twice Baste peaches cinnamon. once with and William Morrow (Nolo. juices in the pan. these candle of maker, Mapes, a Joshua

1942. 40 pages. York. Company, Illustrated.New principles are dramatic in a most made clear

$2.00.) way.

truly excited is to story become one This /AczCa QUITE CONTRARY it points mesfable for over, as a GARDEN HOSTESS YOUR TEA old, can Doubleday, Doran. Garto everyone whoits to and (Mary Urmston. sage young

PRESERVES JELLIES learning evilthe alltruthmustof standthe statementtogether.that in fightden$2.00)City, New York. 1942. 279 pages.

Carlin, story of Sandra was who GRAPE JUICE GARDEN contrary,"TEA SYRUPS THE JUST SO SERIES This"quite to makit came when

MARASCHINO CHERRIES (Rudyard Kipling. Illustrated. Garden ing people want flowers as wells as vegeinteresting stimtables, will prove most and

is legitiSWEET PICKLED AND CANDIED FRUITS City1942.) Publishing Company, New York. ulating people. There to young

SUCH A BIG DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY... There are four of the Just So Stories that mate excitement enough for anyone as well

business. into the florist's In individual, as an insight out as have been brought

all children upto-date budding addition, a wholesome, SUCH A LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN PRICE! wellillustrated books which

should own. They include: How the Rhin romance between hardworking Sandra and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

Phil Kent will keep girls from fourteen to etiquette, and health—-vital parts of persixteen reading until they get the good from sonality. ft- *

the novel. The book is designed for both textbook

LULU MEETS PETER andor studentwork bookwill procedures.faithfully workIf theoutreaderthe

(Charlotte Steiner. Doubleday, Doran. problems, she will find the book of inestimGarden City, New York. 1942. $1.00.) able value.

of picturestory Lulu and Peter book This The will pleasant a while away many hour THE STORY OF SIMPSON AND for tots. Lulu and Peter both went sleighSAMPSON MM

riding, and they went with their dogs, which (Munro Leaf. Illustrated, The Viking

were exactly alike. How the scramble bePress, New York City. 1941. $1.50.) TIbsicUl unscrambled came inimitable pair Leaf and of Munro will prove interesting to The readers. very young Robert it again. done have Lawson Dietitians Aviators

JERRY FOSTER, SALESMAN Ferdinand the Bull was their first barn- (Elmer E. Ferris. Illustrated. Doubleday, storming book. Wee Gillis did a repeat. Meteorologists Nurses Doran, Garden City, New York. 1942. And in this story of the twins—one good 266 pages. $2.00.) and the other bad—they have told a story Physicists Physicians

TO Creekthose andwhojerryread atJerrythe ofAcademy,Seven Milethis to delight all. Chemists Dentists

book is a natural, for it continues with the FUN FOR BOYS AND GIRLS hero of these books and takes him into (Cappy Dick. Illustrated. Greenberg, New Mechanics Teachers

1942. pages. $2.00.) 182 York. there his although vocation shows that and

difficulties earning are in the plenty of of a is subtitled, well HPhis book "A grab bag Draftsmen Accountants pleasures livelihood, also plenty of there are 14,"* for youngsters 6 to from for it will Engineers Administrators competition. resulting the But from all kinds of when provide educationamusing and

to decide whether he would go time came al things for this difficult to do age when Geographers Stenographers his selluniversity at to the back or stay on outlet. bodily growth demands a physical

ing, he had a really serious fight with himThis volume, the November selection of the self. It will be good tonic for most young Junior Literary Guild, affords pleasant hours and many others trained as efficient technicians.

folk of high school age to read of Jerry's for those who must with increased rationing BYU gives sound courses in Mathematics and battle. remain close to the home for their recrethe Physical Sciences, Agriculture and MechanFOX ISLAND ation. ics, Home Economics; Preengineering; Pre-

(Kathrene Pinkerton. Illustrated. Harmedical and Predentai work; Accounting and

court, Brace and Company, New York. THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER Business Administration; Secretarial Training

1942. 195 pages. $2.00.) (Pictured by Ingri & Edgar Parin D'Aulaire. and a score of other departments. All study is

infused with characterbuilding influences.This story of the Canadian wilderness by City.Doubleday,1942. Doran$2.00.)& Company, Garden

will there time spent has one much who year. of Four quarters each are offered work of Francis Scott imwords Key's folk. for reading fascinating young make The at qualified Students are enter who may will mortal the be blazoned song on the centers famstory around Jackman The

of enroll aimost time for any and an amount all in the of impressed and minds ily: fifteenyear old parents, and hearts Ann,

twelveyear old Philip. Mr. Jackman wished children who are fortunate enough to see work proportionate to the time remaining in

to direct a fox farm. How he and the chilit depicted in the beautiful lithographs and the quarter.

dren managed to make their farm without the attractive black and white drawings of artists. talented any money makes an exciting story. these can afford to indulge in a SPRING QUARTER: March 29—Nowadays we

THE STREET OF THE CITY little indoctrination when it comes to those June 9

Lippincott Livingston Hill. Com- (Grace to things which be good—and

Philadelphia. 1942. 314 pages. pany, is her of America way good—andwe know life SUMMER QUARTER: Begins $2.00.) preserved. will should This help be book

relief Cinderella from a too muchFOR of wardyoung theirpeoplecountry.develop the right attitude toJune 14 life, girls will reading enjoy a prosaic

deals Fernley, Frannie with which this book in the world AGAINST ALL ODDS had to make her ownwho way

F. Lansing. Doubleday, (Marion Doran a good was Mfiijhiisi] Young whose way way—her—and York. Company, Garden City, New well as and mother, as sister Bonnie and her

kindly Lady Winthrop, and Valiant Will1942. 265 pages. $2.00.)

oughby. Although this purports to be for young University

find will readers, adults the volume most Provo, UtahELIN'S AMERIKA its while. stimulating and worth Within Illustrated. (Marguerite De Angeli.

the treats the covers, author "Pioneers City, 1941. Doran, Doubleday, Garden of ftft all, heroic great America,"South whose men $2.00.)

in enterprises will the response win a warm

This story of Elin Sigstedt and her family hearts of North Americans.

who came to America from Sweden in We have known too little about the great ANGELES'full for it rebuilds a of interest, 1648 is Bolivar, O'Higgins, San LOS SantosDumont, FrjREMDST HOTEL 4*dfm all are that history ofperiod American Martin, Sarmiento. deals with This book

forget. well All to been haveprone would others with them, and names whose many ALEXANDRIA

there Elin,for a girl if only been had should and honor. know of we

could her share with sheher will age reads have whom this book own RATES FPOMFROM,< $3.50J2.50iiDOUBLESINGLEGARAGE Anyone DOWNTOWN who

in discoveries.secrets her and increased And respect for our South Amerithe an

Headquarters in Recognized Utah finally that the authorstory neighbors. tells us how can

Los Angeles true. camedream

Director Managing V. SMITH, CLAYTON Children from seven to ten will find this a MILLY DOGS AND HER of Salt Formerly Lake City story.delightful Illustrated. Doubleday, (Lena Barksdale.

Doran and Company, Garden City, New

BUILDING YOUR PERSONALITY York. 1942. $1.00.)

(Hattie Marie Marsh. PrenticeHall, New Fiveyear old Milly likes all things about Contains fifty favorite stories of real life

pages. $2.50.) 249York. likes eight her she farm STANDARDS life—but dogs GOSPEL

subject the of all are into eight parts, the best they always because readyDividing By HEBER J. GRANT

interestauthor to play. treats completely and wishes she to play with her when

CO. THE 400BOOKCRAFTpages, $2.25 personality: is in this the various implied aspects ofingly Kindliness to animals Salt 63 little P. O. Box Lake City

speech, poise, dress, beauty aids, grooming, book which very small chldren will enjoy.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

natural spiritual realm, higher in the relax,"tension. of high nervous Even We "must

their equivalents. book, lifeOn the Book Rack The are if health, laws have happiness, and lengthened

(Concluded from page 92) to be enjoyed. The revision of the book written in popular language, is filled with

NET IMPRESSIONS means that it has been brought upto-date; thoughts useful to man. Parents and teach-

(A. G. Keller. Yale University Press, New and a necessary chapter on war nerves has ers will read first the chapter on "The EduHaven, Connecticut. 1942. 349 pages. been added. J. A. W. cated Failure."In the sane reconstruction

scientists should be$3.75.) world, the of more

OF of MAN "speaking A. life W. is that the SPEAKING what impressions—for men."—/.The F. (Michael Guyer. Harper and Brothers, the proYale Impressions Net LIFE are—of TO RICHARD COMES POOR 1942. City. 321 pages. $3.50.) York Newfessor in the a strong hand has had who Illustrated. Bessie Johns. (Arranged by W.

building of sociology should of a science reading.be worthwhile And they are. THISpilybookappearingis one ofwhichthe severalconsidernowthehapre- The1942.John94 Daypages.Company,$1.50.) New York.

interesting the chapters, eighteenAmong scientific truth of the lationship of wealth perenare of Richard axioms Poor in THE easy,written those popular language, on life, this living, conduct. to In and human this nially which book important—and Superstition, PlanPlansScience and and "biologist looks prominent a volume genthose under axioms assembled at has

isning, Religion, to Sex Happening What for sees gives he man."hope new What eral will doubly them headings makeDifferences, MarModern Makes What in distraught the world. happiness a Upon doctors, lawFriends, usable. and women, ofriage, particularly Youth, are genand is deterthat foundation happiness human of quotatheir allotment receive yers meted

iseral appeal. through the Running book conditions, sets physiological thrift, mined he by reading, marriage, tions along with

for the the of science of pleaa use method possibilities. forth place man's and all, are fortyone In Demthere courage. and

thein of sociology. study not One may its ocracy, social with economic worand the topical adages headings which under

all Keller's of conclusions,agree Dr. with itself ries, biological a problem. becomes are collected. /. C. M.

is stimulating the for the readingbut book ordinary man, as for the sociologist.—/. A. W.

VICTORY OVER FEAR (John Dollard. Reynal and Hitchcock, New

York City. 1942. 213 pages. $2.00.)

Fear is one of man's ancient enemies. In

our present unsettled world it is moredangerous than ever. To defeat fear there FaithPromoting

is need of such sane, scientific advice as this book gives. Dr. Dollard, of the Institute of Human Relations of Yale University,

begins by saying "You can use fear or fear can rule you. This is the choice whicheveryone of us faces."Upon that proposiInspirational

tion this book is built. He classifies the

foolish or shadow fears of man as of ( 1

Failure, (2) Sex, (3) SelfDefense, (4)

Trusting Others, (5) Thinking, (6) Speaking, (7) Being Alone. Then, in a seriesof chapters, using numerous illustrations Illuminatingfrom real life, he discusses the various /

manifestations of foolish fears in human life.

It is a nontechnical discussion for all who suffer from fear—and that is nearly all of us. Life of President Joseph F. Smith $2.50*

—J. A. W.

CHALLENGE,DESERT AN INTERPRETATION OF NEVADA Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith 2.00*

(Richard G. Lillard. A. A. Knopf, New

York City. 1942. 388 pages and 9 pages

index. $4.00.) Signs of the Times 1.25*

f I "rue to its title, this is neither a textbook travel interpretaguide. a It is an * nor

statetion resources of a marvelous with and Progress of Man 1.50*

a colorful history. The author has caught

the spirit of the desert and of the people who have sought to conquer it. He has The Way to Perfection 1.25*

massed into the pages of the book a vast amount of information, but in so attractive a style that facts and figures, which seem Essentials of Church History 2.00*

to be correct, only enliven the narrative or discourse. It is a book to be enjoyed at

ease by all who love the American story,—all by ELDER JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

western history, man's courageous struggle nature, or of the vagarieswith people under Church Historian—Apostle

freed restraints. usualenvironments from the

The seventeen chapters are grouped under five headings: of the main One FortyEvery library is enriched by the addition of theseeight, Blueprints Creation, of Horizon

Seekers, Chasing a Dollar to Hell, and Wild volumes.

West in Neon. Many Nevadans may feel

that the author has told too much. A map

of Nevada and fortysix wellselected and engraved illustrations add to the reader'senjoyment. The book is beautifully printed Deseret Book Company

and bound.—/. A. W. 44 East South Temple Street

YOU MUST RELAX (Revised Edition) (Edmund Jacobson, M.D. McGraw Hill, Salt Lake City, Utah

New York City. 1942. 261 pages. $1.75.)

This revised edition of an excellent book, *Add 2% sales tax in Utah.

published first in 1934, will be welcomed by the public. We live in an age

SMITH, FIELDING COUNCIL PRIESTHOOD OF THE COMMITTEE OF THE MELCHIZEDEKCONDUCTED BY THE TWELVE—JOSEPH B. LEE Q. A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER F. MERRILL, CANNON, AND HAROLD CHARLES CHAIRMAN; A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH JOHN

Era, page 41, under "Personal Welthe gospel to your own neighbors and

SiaksL QommiltsuL fare"it was "recommended that in the townspeople. Such a harvest exceeds

next stake leadership meeting, the Perthat of the mission fields. Honest seekassign bishops the wards someTn sight in the precious ers truth after are give considcer- sonal department WelfareA tain sections of the ward for ward looked sought into and putting should to the be eration and method of of God

teaching to Melchizedek each of the diligently. after Priesthood quorum Individual Recthe proposed operation A

Priesthood practice inThis quorums. its for Definite several of with problems members engaged ord System."

terferes with the regular Priesthood solution were listed and it was sugin this important Church activity will quorum program, and does not conform gested that the "files be brought to the grow spiritually and become a source to the instructions from the Presiding next leadership meeting where their of strength and power in a ward or

Bishopric. value and use"might "be considered."stake.

Ward teachers should be called inThe foregoing is, of course, repetiThis is a day for activity, devotion, dividually by the bishop, and assigned tion. The justification for it is that as labor, and untiring effort. Events are

by him to teaching districts for regular of January 5, 1943, only thirtyeight moving along with marvelous rapidity, visiting. out of the one hundred fortythree and the religious and Godfearing peoThe bishop may assign a supervisor stakes in the Church have applied for ple are turning to God and the scripover a section of the ward containing the cards. It is therefore urged, that tures for guidance and comfort. The

several districts. The report of work without further delay, the cards be obquorums of the Priesthood, when called

done should be made at the meetings tained by the chairman of the stake upon, should have available men who called for that purpose, at which the Melchizedek Priesthood committee, are qualified and willing to do missionbishop, supervisors, and teachers should that they be distributed in the Personal ary work.

present.be stake of the next department Welfare I to testify warn and sent out Behold, you in the teachers Ordained priests and leadership Priesthood Melchizedek it every the people, becometh who and man should Priesthood be assignedAaronic that his neighbor. of making the method meeting and to warn warned hath been

to do ward teaching. It is suggested, them available for effective use be dis- (D. 6 C. 88:81)

however, that these young men not be cussed, developed, and put into use.

paired together or sent alone. Each

to labor assigned should be one with QIoal QndJjojudtwtL older experienced comand morean Quorum Funds bears the Melchizedekpanion who that indicates there survey of responsibilities A recent the of one Priesthood. advisable and When ex- ** shifting of pophas a general been Miscellaneous comSocial and Cincethe assist pedient, to deacons be asked may all the ulation Church. Defense over it is funds, is secure mittee to quorum in teaching. ward has induced quorum memmany work are, the funds to important what know

centers, to to bers move new used. for what thereby andBlood Donations lose to temporarily touch causing them adfor are quorum funds used The request has been made general their A quorums. with given either are ministration. They ** for for the use in blood donations visiting delinquent Since members through quorum voluntarily or earned

army. Many of the quorum members and building up class attendance are projects by the quorum membership.

who can and are between the ages of definite duties of this committee, it is Funds are used for (a) remembrances 18 and 45, might donate blood for this advised that an effort be made to find for sick or deceased members, or their purpose if it is brought to their attenthese transferred members within your families; (b) missionary work, or sustion. You may learn the particulars district and welcome them to your meettaining a missionary in the field; (c)

and the proper place to report in your ings. The quorum officers upon learning help for needy quorum families; (d)

own community and then pass the word that a member is to be transferred and for socials, so that no money colon to the membership. should write the quorum presidency at lections will be necessary at the door

Either the Office of Civilian Defense the new location advising them to be during the party. Other worthy exor the American Red Cross will have on the lookout for those moving into penditures are determined by the presicharge of the donation in your comtheir district. dency of the quorum with the approval

munity. of the membership.

Since the days of Nauvoo, the sevfisi/i&xmaL (tfsdjjWuL enty have paid fifty cents per man per

Missionary Work Seventy. of the Council the First to year for the Personal Suggestions prothe follow the above they converts Otherwise, have come into 117[any of the Monthly DepartmentWelfare priestshigh the elders'and with cedure of stake the labors through LVA Church

Priesthood Leadership Meeting missionaries. During 1941 there were quorums regarding quorum funds.

HPhe individual record cards of quo- 2,519 baptisms by this group with an * rum members announced in The Imaverage cost of $2.40 per convert. Each Annual Social

provement Era for December, 1942, stake missionary spent approximately HH'he seventy should remember to compage 808, are now available without one hundred fortyfour hours doing * memorate February 28 as it denotes cost in the office of the Melchizedek this assignment. This compares very the time in 1835 when their quorum was

Priesthood committee. When they favorably with the work of the Amerfirst established.

were announced it was pointed out that ican and foreign missions. There,

upon the president of the quorum (the each missionary devotes about three chairman of the Personal Welfare comhundred sixtyfive days of the year to mittee) rested the responsibility of sethis effort and the average cost per conQuorum Officers curing the cards and of seeing that they vert to him and the Church is almost Yy ead carefully the above instructions were properly filled out, kept upto- fifteen hundred dollars. ** to the stake committee and corredate, and put to their maximum use. Therefore do not overlook the oplate them to your own quorum.

In the January, 1943, Improvement portunity and responsibility to teach (Continued on page 106)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

(Continued from page 105) NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN TfaieA. pwm. JthsL Ji&tcL

I possible."said, then it were

teach be willing andPocatello Stake Garden It Can Be Done almost"Wouldif you to go

It isn't so much what we have produced, HPo the request that the "campaign of other people not to use tobacco if you were as the fine spirit of brotherly love, cooperapersuasion"by the method of perto be appointed a local missionary?"And

tion, and the spirit of our great welfare work sonal contact shall be vigorously carto that he said, "I reckon I would have to."

later, that set six has he blessed apart permeated people and months our and So was there ried in every where quorum on this in disin the together I attended have conference worked when work.who same is frequently statement addicts, the are

trict, this to in Perhaps ten not of the old with over gentleman one came me two it is with that useless to work made this in his face smile projectthousand whispered a and people working on happy had any knowledge of gardening. Think of elderly men because they cannot in my ear and said, "I quit the—stuff.

railroad men, doctors, lawyers, and bankchange. Our reply is that,elderly men, I only went to one of my neighbors as a

ers hauling manure at night or picking if they are really motivated to do so, local missionary when one of them asked beans at dawn, or harvesting carrots side have and can quit as well as younger me about our doctrine concerning the use of in at united tobacco cause. glorious laughed then me. one and Thenby told Presstory following by side—all men. The

I that determined I went would and home the of P. ident Whitaker William

it I in After, knelt more. use not any Brother Sat- Y. summarized A. Thus is of one States Mission many Southern

I to told the prayer the had and Lord Lordterfleld, of the stake Pocachairman given illustrations that could be I local called as a missionary been andtello agricultural also committee and

I to local one. doing wanted be began my attending while ago, six months About director.stake the work However, tomissionary never used have and work DisMississippi in the Northern conference successful entirelychurch garden was it time. that since influence bacco had The old years trict, eightytwo brother old an

itsin right Assisting too. Brother own in that sonin- great family so was my my his local missionary apwith to came me

Satterfield director as oftenwere Leo work to addicted whiskey law and was who like to "I said, a be would and pointment

H. Edgley and Willard Lund. local missionary but I am unable to because times came home drunk and abused my

if I children, that said her daughter and life all this I snuff. used have I use my in of acres land Alameda Twelve

quit could also without could he tobacco do I I a little as was as remember. long When agriculPocatello) (north provided an that discontime has he Since whiskey. it in place to child used mother my my the ninetural of project for the wards. its happiuse. tinued more have I the don't We at have age mouth. my NowPocatello Stake. Priesthood quoThe in.. than ever ness have our known home we quit."will to power

rums hauled one hundred twentyone In reply I said to him, "Would you like before."

loads of manure from four dairies to to quit?"He said, "I would give my life The Senate Failed Us

all the garden. Later groundthe m was

Bill S. died in committee 860 C enate squash, parsnips, onions, toseeded raised elders the corn, while of sweet *-* last the adjourned Congress when beans, string beans, corn, podrysweet for cattle American meat. and pork regret 1942, while December, and wetatoes, peppers, egg cabbage, tomatoes, bushels five Falls raised hundred similar so, of into that the prospects a say dietc. theplant, garden was Then 4th Pocatello mutton. besides wheat bill will the Congress passed be by new cultivation. forvided the wards among raised boys Priesthood Aaronic Ward reasons, are the ask poor. For War

hogs. Ar and Rockland twenty over Senators and Department opposed who to the Rescue ComeWomen five raised hundred each wards bon S. the 860. of passage

By harvest time most of the men were bushels of wheat. Did you see that cartoon "It's Hard

working overtime in their vocations, to Believe"at the head of this column leaving additional work to be done on Qju&ulwl QlU* in the January Era? The brewers hope

Sister project.the Grace However, the millions to of patrons have when stake presidencies, stake president of the stake Y.Meadows, W. Should all the war. from back Will boys come their bishops, high councilors/ and Beeand out Gleaner A. calledM. I. in are our with camsympathy who their Priesthood attend counselors harvest. the carried Girls onHive who their for abstinence encourage paign

Under the leadership of Sister Amy quorum meetings? boys in the armed forces to keep clean

Hawkes, stake Relief Society president, "Ves, they should do so as all other and successfully resist all temptations and Sister Mary Ellen Walton, ladies * high priests. They should indeed to indulge in narcotics and immorality.

stake work director, one thousand Reset the example for other high priests, "The wages of sin is death."

partlief Society took members attendance regular at ward in canby group Letter to Mr. Will Hays bishop's at thening the harvest new Holding and quorum meetings. monthly

call letter attention addressed to a \T7estorehouse. office in the Church administrative an

* 'to execuMr. Will by the Hays attendance from excuse not does projother a man has Pocatello Stake many

auxiliary tives of general our boards meetings. at his quorum 7thects. a threehad Pocatello Ward of issue published in the and January Priestthat the Aaronic event In the for the plot Aaronic beetacre sugar

8. initiates a This letter isra, p. as the the hour meets at the samePriesthood. Inkom Ward had two acres hood

that every will sweep campaign is hoped the bishopthen quorums, Melchizedek

WORKERS ON THE POCATELLO STAKE GARDEN ric may be excused. stateof lettersin the andUnionpetitionsresultingbeingin thousandssent to

Mr. Hays supporting the requests that

were made by the executive officers in the letter. It is hoped that the campaign

will reach every ward in the stakes and every branch in the missions and that thousands of enthusiastic workers will enter the lists fighting for pictures that will be free from suggestions that the use of cigarettes and drinks are quite the proper thing. If this campaign can

reach the limits above suggested, it certainly will have an influence for good.

Those who engage in it will have the satisfaction that they have done "a good turn"and thus served their fellow man.

THE WDRKOFTHE C EVE RTY

JhsL (BiblsL in. dmsudcan. dUAt&u

to Mexico at the time of Cortez, there were Catholic priests,

HPo the seventy. The lessons and chapters appearing on and in 1540, when Coronado made his famous journey into

* this page of the Era are to be studied by all the seventy what is now Arizona, New Mexico, and probably Utah, for discussion in their regular monthly meetings. They Catholic monks brought the Bible with them. It is a known

are introductory chapters to the ones that will appear later fact that Bibles were used in the University of Mexico, on the history of the seventy. which was founded in 1560. The French Huguenots brought

the Bible when they attempted settlement at Port Royal in

Nova Scotia. The Huguenots were Protestants and came

to America to "found a Christian State."Francis Parkman

forty years discovered before Columbus America Come says in his Pioneers in the France that they World of New *-* Gutenberg of Mainz, John Germany, (1492) kneeling made a landed the ground, "and on thanks gave to God, who metal cast of each letter of the alphabet and thus invented had guided their voyage to an issue full of promise."

movable type. The Chinese long before had invented Huguenots had a congregation in Florida in 1564, and their

printing by wooden blocks. With the invention of the Gutministers had French Bibles. Martin Luther translated the

enberg type, it was possible to make books cheaply and in Bible into German in 1543, which was the first Protestant large quantities. At that time, paper was manufactured in translation into any language.

Venice, for the Arabs had brought to the West the knowledge of paper made from rags. Due to the knowledge of Translation into other languages followed, and Luther

painting, an oily ink was manufactured which worked well launched the greatest era of Biblical translation in the on metal. Since the invention of writing, no discovery has world's history.

been more important than printing with movable type. The There were four versions of the English Bible used in

learning and the literature of the few now became available colonial times. The first services of the Anglican Church

to the many. on this continent were held by Sir Francis Drake's chaplain

in California in 1579. The chaplain read from the Bible.

When Sir Humphrey Gilbert came to the shores of Newfoundland in 1583, he was reading the Scriptures when his translated Bible into been Latin from had The Holy in storm. the boat went a Gilbert Both what Drake and down had

St. in century, the fourth and and Greek Hebrew by Jerome Bible, the as Bishop's also was brought known which was

this called version the the Vulgate. Through new was to Virginia Captain Smith used by John and (1607) was

in Bible the lanthis in Latin remained Middle Ages and until replaced the translation. King Bishop's by James The

it the pulpits to read from guage the the of people was in Bible reign published the of was Elizabeth Queen churches. There was no way of printing the Bible and the 1568 and while it was the most sumptuous of all thein

of monasteries their the western of spent monks Europe it Bibles, early It never very popular. superwas was

it in time transcribing pages. It often vellum on took many the seded translation 1611. in King Fiske by James John

entire years the to of complete for one the Book, copy says: superiority the of English version of "The common

transcribers their in careful tried follow to were and work Bible, the all reign in the ver- I, over other made of James the admonition of St. John in the last chapter of Revelation sions, is a fact generally admitted by competent critics. The

sonorous the Latin of in subVulgate is very grand, but that every unto heareth For I testify the words man of the limity simplicity of fervour as in the unconscious of strength shall of this prophecy these things, book, If any add unto man

God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: it is surpassed by the English version, and remains today,

And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this and will long remain, the noblest monument of English prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life. speech."The common English version of the Bible was

made by men who were not aiming at literary effect, but

After Gutenberg's invention printing developed under simply gave natural expression to the feelings which had the direction of noted scholars, one of whom, Aldus clustered around the sacred text. They spoke with the

Manutius, built a large printing house in Venice. His life voice of the people, which is more than the voice of the

was given "not to making money, but to making books"that most highly gifted man.

the youth of that day might have an understanding of the—theGreek Holyand LatinBible.classics,Somethingas wellofasthetheidealismgreatest ofof thatall bookstime Bibles were brought by the Puritans when they settled

is shown in the old printing house of Christophe Plantin, in New England, but it was the Geneva Bible, published who had twentytwo presses in his business establishment in Geneva, Switzerland in 1560. The first copy of the King

in Antwerp. James Version used in America was brought by John WinIn 1576, he published a polyglot Bible, (the same text throp in 1630. After this time, this version was eventually

in several languages) on which he labored for many years used in all the English colonies.

and was aided by a famous scholar of the University of For the first hundred and fifty years of New England

Cambridge who corrected copy and supervised and edited life, almost every child learned to read by the aid of a the manuscripts in Latin, Greek, Hebrew, French, German, little book called The New England Primer. The primer

Spanish, Italian, Flemish, Dutch, and English. King Philip was so saturated with the Bible that it came to be known

of Spain paid $34,000 for twelve copies of this famous edias "The Little Bible of New England,""A"stood for tion, which was printed on vellum pages. Adam "in whose fall we sinned all.""Z"stood for

Zaccheus, who did "climb a tree his Lord to see."Then

followed the Ten Commandments and the Lord's Prayer.

To learn to read in that day was not only the language, but

We have record of the Northmen coming to America in also the teachings of the Bible. People so trained came

the year 1000 A.D. "It is possible, and we believe probto look upon all earthly events in the light of God's eternal

able,"says Dr. P. Marion Sims, "that the Norsemen brought purpose.

the Latin Vulgate to America."When the Spaniards came (Concluded on page 108)

:.:::

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

LESSON 50 Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, March, 1943 The Saints in the Rocky Mountains

Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Smith,Readpp.Teachings255, 332333,of the376378;ProphetDocumenJoseph

tary History of the Church, V: 8586 and

note; VI:222, 224, 225, 261; VII:350, 439,

LESSON 48 prepare way for return of lost tribes 558; Rise and Fait of Nauvoo, chapter 34

Israel 49:2425 of 39:13; 49:2425; 35:24; from the north country D. & C. (17) (Continued) Israel of GatheringThe

12:2-3 2:2; II 117:7; Isa. Nephi of their return manner The (D. & 64:4142;

4. gentiles for the Blessings who receive e. 4:1-2. C. 133:2634) Micah

gather the gospel and a. Unto America all the tribes of Israel Discuss 1. Foretold by ancient prophets

of the In the mountain last days extent as gentiles will have the covenants of a. with as come, To what many

in shall Lord's be established house the fulfilled? been 1. Lord already the covenant with comply (17) new

shall the mountains, the of and top gentiles the them Let among (1) hills (Isa. the 2:2; exalted 49 be above LESSON 133: flee C. (D. unto Zion &

II 4:1-2; 12:2-3) Nephi Micah 12) Zion in America

it shall flow nations and All unto the into enter Gentiles (2) who it shall to people go many New Jerusalem (D. & C. b. (III 7. Zion—the to be blessed covenant Nephi 21:2225) 45:6671; 84:2-4; 97:19; 113:7-10) 2. Predicted in modern revelation

will this Zion (the be built upon hills rejoice shall the and in a. upon a. Zion assist remnant of Jacob (3) To

) continent American flourish 35:24; 39:13) (D. the building & C. Jerusalem New

b. will lead Shepherd The Good His b. of the great the in Before Lord gentiles day continued not have b. The

the goodness of God (15) own sheep from all nations to Zion, shall come, Zion shall flourish upon c. Therefore but few will be gathered and to Jerusalem (17) the hills and rejoice upon the mounwith the chosen family c. America a chosen land of the Lord tains; and shall be assembled to-

5. The Indians to be redeemed (Ether 13:2) gether unto the place that I have ap-

a. The Indians are of Israel and chil- d. The place of the New Jerusalem pointed (D. & C. 49:2425; cf. 64:

dren of the covenant (9293) and the holy sanctuary of the Lord 4142) ( 1 ) Descendants of Joseph sold in- (verses 3-4, 6) c. Solitary places to be made to bud

to Egypt (17) (1) Remnant of Joseph to build a and to blossom, and to bring forth (2) To be one day gathered by holy city unto the Lord, 'the in abundance (D. & C. 117:7)

old unto of (veise Jerusalem II 30: the gospel (93; Nephi 3. of Smith Prophecy (255) Joseph

8) 5-6) a. to to Saints the driven be Rocky

of to in Powers heaven (2) be of promised a America Land (3) Mountains their (III midst Nephi 20:22) to land (Ether them 13:80) 6, Uttered 1842 Aug. (1)

site Identical for the Jeru- (3) New for the Indians Prayer (D. (4) & breththe with In conversation (2) salem made known (86) 109:6567) C. ren

e. Building joyfully of anticiZion up b. shall delight- a be white and They Saints to sufcontinue should (3) the pated through ages (231) (II people 30:5-6) some Nephi fer affliction much the are favored people chosen f. We the great the of Before Lord, day the driven to be Rocky (4) Would to bring the latterday about glory the shall as Lamanites blossom Mountains

of place defense refuge g. from and A the rose (D. C. 49:24) 6 apostatize would (5) Many

it is wrath, out poured when upon 6. restoration tribes the of ten The to death be put Others would (6) the earth (D. whole C. 115:6) & a. tribes the lost to knowledge Ten their lives persecutors lose or by

the to of Lord Ransomed (1) come rest (I of of the the world Nephi disease exposure through and delivered and be (17) 22:4) b. to a people mighty There become city of righteousness, of one (2) A ) ( tribes part of the more The 1 ( aslive to present would Some 1 ) heart free sin mind, and from led have been away sist in settlements making and

(93) to fro Scattered the and upon (2) cities building soon coming (3) Time no when isles of the sea Saints to peo- a mighty become (2) will in have peace any man but they are of us Whither none (3) in the ple midst of the Rocky her Zion stakes and (161) knoweth Mountains

Spirit to of dwell with (4) God visited (III b. and Jesus Known by Discuss His people and be withdrawn 16:4; Nephi 17:4) 1. details the of Prophet's remarkWhat rest from the nations the of c. the led Father hath away able prediction Whom the regarding the Saints in

(231) (III 15:15the of out land Nephi fulalready Mountains Rocky have been

20) Discuss filled?

d. Unparalleled destruction of the 1. What great events are to take place 2. What ancient and what modern prophwicked in the United States will in the future? ecy was thereby fulfilled?

THE WORK OF THE SEVENTY

(Concluded from page 107) gree of concern than the suggestion that Europe, or to an encyclopedia, learn

What a thrilling story of faith in God war with England was interfering with something about the life of John Gutand the Holy Scriptures is that of the the supply of Bibles. The Colonial enberg.

InDiscuss: the of Importance Thebirth nation. of Pilgrims Puriour and in spite in Congress of 1777 voted a 3.

vention of Printing on the World's intans in Episcopalians Massachusetts, severe of shortage money, (a $20,000 History.Virginia and York, Maryland in large for and New those the days) pursum 4. Martin Something Luther about and

Quakers, Moravians, and Mennonites chase and distribution of the Holy his Bible.

in Pennsylvania, Roman Catholics unScriptures. The Bible was just as es- 5. How do you account for the early

der Lord Baltimore in Maryland, and sential as bread. Indeed, it was for explorers and settlers of America

Baptists in Rhode Island, and Lutherthem, the bread of life! L. E. Y. bringing the Bible with them?

ans in New Jersey. Differing greatly k * * 6. Give something of an idea as to what

the Primer"was. England "Newin in race, language they one and were TOPICS SUGGESTIVE is 7. Translation? the James King What this desire to establisha on common QUESTIONS AND its history. of Something incontinent which a commonwealth

8. historian written: transcribe has movedid the 1 In monks "The what An way

direct to the accessevery had man the of to people of the Latin groups throughout ment America Vulgate

Bible to learn from it himself the will "Middle Ages"? What was the Vuland the continued movement westward

of God. Nothing seemed to arouse gate? across the continent were influenced by

our colonial forbears to a greater de- 2. Referring to some general history of religious beliefs."Prove this.

.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

LEADERSHIPmmnam—WARD BOY THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD ofCommitteeUtah. ThewereotherWillardmembersSnowof andthe OUTLINECOMMITTEE OF STUDY

MARCH, 1943 Thirtyfifth in a series of articles Daniel Spencer.

written by the late Elder Orson F. The counselors to Bishop Hunter in

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS Whitney of the Council of the the Presiding Bishopric were at first the

Chapter III: The Puzzled Generation Twelve, Published originally in same as those of his predecessor. BeQuotations from the Text: "The Contributor,"ing asked whom he wanted for counseland ors, Brigham Young named he

life has of only a chart 1 Youth inherited the of one was Hunter "Pdward asaccordingly Kimball, C. who origHeber us, brutally but from torn to shreds by *—'inal Perpetthe as committee known responsibility. October that On sumed social forces they which new are too Committee, ual Emigrating Poor Fund and 12th, Hardy 1856, Leonard to interpret young frightened too W. and

to meet with skill and confidence. out of which grew the mammoth PerJesse C. Little were chosen in lieu of

Old traditions have been smashed—petual Emigration Fund Company, Presidents Young and Kimball, whose

right before the very eyes of an onwhose operations have done so much other duties, arduous and ever increasgeneration! coming peopling, from with souls towards attime both ing, and their whole demanded

flaunted their are elders. Laws by valleys the mountains hemispheres, and lose did not tention. Presidency The is lie the call. Speed homes Wrecked

labors, their in and the Bishops interest in their very wreckage them, around it to delight and however, was their live. the block on they where want to know practicable. this is whenever with them Yes, to just what Jesus would meet the sanest a challenge

it! do about

is It thinking ever of do. President us can any last meeting a call Young The

to the most gentle understanding and Helps for the Class Leader: attended was the Bishops'meeting of

for the necessity that applying guidance Discuss can render 1. human hearts City, only a short time previSalt Lake

to baffled scripture presentday teachings generation. a death. his ous to 2. for teachings of Jesus, People are starved for expository problems. The

preaching! They are heartily fedup instance, need not be modified in the The personnel of the Presiding Bishwith talks on Browning's philosophy. least to apply to "Nineteen Hundred opric remained as last given until the

They do not want your parallel beand Now"even though advocated ninth of October, 1874, when Robert years tween of ago. philosophy Wordsworth's 2,000 Bishto succeed chosen Burton was T. faith of preexistence as vision the value of 2. Discuss and Tennyson's a steadythe latter counselor, Little as second op lives future. of the ing influence in the People men. are starved young for God,

and, to see Him clearly, they want His 3. List on the blackboard the possible having tendered his resignation on acwill and His love and His commandreasons for confusion and unrest among count of his business requiring his alments explained, dramatized, pictured, young people. Call upon committee most constant absence from the city.

opened up, exposed. members for suggestions. Point out The "United Order of Zion"had been

it is for leaders the to thing necessary wants Youth from same how prethe ninth unorganized of May, on if the teachers! conditions of these they derstand would mouths asas its Hunter Bishop with ceding,

3. to live to of wilderness such lead today! out youth a Boys want know how

sistant treasurer. this 4. life others to to confusion of from face save and Boys want know how

tomorrow! unpleasant experience. Presiding Bishop Edward Hunter

5. Boys are torn in so many ways by the 4. If we would steady "The Puzzled died on the sixteenth of October, 1883,

crosscurrents unqualicf Generation,"thought action must exhibit and we years. of ninety the ripe was age at He

truth, unflinching tell their loyin native that to will land fied devotion many then Preston, B. William by succeeded

life of the told Church, as alty to the standards that they've you, me, was Zion, of of the Stake president Cache futile, intelligent preuseless, struggle teaching both and was hope by was dead as a door nail. And those boys cept and unerring conduct. {Continued on page 110)

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS FROM TWELVE WARDS OF THE TOOELE STAKE SING IN COMBINED CHORUS

At the suggestion of President Alex F. Dunn of the Tooele Stake, an Aaronic the young men at a delightful entertainment given in appreciation of this commendable

Priesthood chorus was organized and gave the entire musical program for all general achievement.

sessions of the Tooele Stake conference held October 17 and IS, 1942. Elder Joseph To perpetuate the chorus, President Dunn has already assigned these young men

Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve represented the General Authorities of the responsibility of furnishing all of the music for the Tooele Stake conference, June the Church at the conference. 1718, 1943, with full instructions that, in the interest of travel economy, rehearAaronic Priesthood members from twelve wards participated in the chorus which sals be conducted on a ward basis with the possibility of only sufficient stake rehearwas conducted by Irvin D. Bird. Allen Swan, a teacher, and Roxie Lee accompanied sals to insure proper rendition.

the chorus on the organ and piano. Donna Shields Dixon, stake music director, was The true spirit of leadership is exemplified in the words of stake music director

in charge of the project by special assignment from the stake presidency. Donna Dixon: "We have proved that through work, faith, and the help of the Lord,

The stake presidency and stake Aaronic Priesthood committeemen were hosts to practically nothing is impossible."

whbnmmiiiBCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

{Continued from page 109) WARD TEACHERS

if Spirit, strong in the among be with you any man let him take him And sustained chosen as and was who Pre- ** that that in him is weak, he be edified that all meekness, may he may siding Bishop of the Church, April on 6th, 1884. He retained as his counselbecome strong also.

ors those of the late Bishop Hunter, Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priestviz.: Leonard W. Hardy and Robert hood.... (D.6C. 84:106, 107)

T. Burton.

The minutes of the last Bishop's Suggestions For Ward Teachers meeting held in Salt Lake City, on the Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

night of April 10th, four days after visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the spirthe appointment of Bishop Preston to itual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent that

the presidency of the Aaronic Priestdistress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance to hood, will here be interesting. We the worthy be provided without delay.

clip them from the Deseret Evening In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is

News of April 11th, 1884: highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the

"The Bishops met in their regular family questions containing the following import semimonthly meeting, at the Social 1. Are you in harmony

Hall, last evening at seven o'clock, Pre- a. With your neighbors and associates?

siding Bishop Wm. B. Preston, and b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

counselors presiding. There were pres- 2. Are you attending to your Church duties

ent also, of the stake authorities, Presi- a. As a member

dents Angus M. Cannon and Jos. E. payingAttendingtithing,meeting,and participatingfasting once ineachwardmonthsocial andfunctions?paying fast offering,

Taylor. After the usual opening exer- b. As an officer

cises, with prayer by Counselor L. W. Setting proper example, attending council meetings, etc.?

Hardy, the Presiding Bishop requested 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

him to address the meeting.

"Bishop Hardy stated that it had beendeemed wisdom to discontinue these UtwvtL JsucudheJiAJ WlsLUwpL ##l TUxVucL, W3 meetings from tonight, and as this was the last one of a long series under the "BE YE CLEAN"auspices of Bishopric, the General he in conditions the "KflbRAL serious. are world felt like saying his to a few words

people, especially, need Young guidance moral on questions to abrethren him. before referred to He greater extent in than at time the any history of the human race. Neverthe that changes since place taken had

the bishops of the city used to meet in before have so many influences been at work to destroy the very souls a little room, twelve feet by twelve, of men.

which used to stand near the Council Teaching of many prominent persons, suggestions in some motion

House, and when each bishop would pictures and articles in certain types of magazines and newspapers, and take his turn in bringing tallow candles in books, are giving many young people false standards of morality.

to light the house; whereas, they now adversary is apparently effort possible making The every to lead young this in,had commodious hall to meet into people immorality unchastity, and the surest of one of leading meanswith gas all the and improvemodern into apostasy them and condemnation.ments. He said the records which had

been kept of these meetings were among Young people, as a rule, are anxious to do what is right; but with so

the most interesting in the Church. The many influences at work to lead them astray, they need counsel and advice.

First Presidency and Apostles had oftThey need warning of the farreaching effects and serious consequences en met with the bishops, and the books of immorality.

contained many of their choice sayings. President Joseph F. Smith, in an article entitled "Unchastity, the

The last meeting President Young ever Dominant Evil of the Age,"wrote: "No more loathsome cancer disfigures

attended in this life was the bishops'the body and soul of society today.... It skulks through the land in blasmeeting, he having been taken sick that phemous defiance of the laws of God and of man. Whether openly known

very night with his final illness. The or partly concealed under the cloak of guilty secrecy, the results are potent

speaker had much enjoyed these gatherin evil influence."

hisings long intimate associaand and tion late the with Presiding Bishop, An excerpt from the "Message of the First Presidency,"delivered and he was well satisfied with the apto the Saints during the April, 1942, General Conference of the Church, pointment of Brother Preston as his states: "Sexual purity is youth's most precious possession; it is the foundasuccessor. He felt to thank the bishops tion of all righteousness. Better dead, clean, than alive, unclean."

for their long and arduous labors, and The gospel teaches a definite standard of morality. This standard

the respect shown him by all, and on is binding upon all members, old or young, male or female. It is the standard

this the last occasion of their assemof personal purity and strict chastity. The gospel teaches us to be clean

bling together in this capacity, he felt and pure in our thoughts and actions. This message should permeate the

to say with all his heart: 'God bless homes of Latterday Saints and be the burden of moral teachings in all

the bishops.'Latterday Saint institutions.

(To be continued) A dhi&tiinq. OF LEAVES edfullywork.and Theycomparedfoundit awithnamethetheyrecordhad

left out....

By ORA PATE STEWART familyFromallthisgo tomeetingthe baptismalthe Richardsonfont. In

side rooms the mothers dress their little girls in white, while in opposite rooms

The wind takes a higher pitch the boys are assisted by their fathers.

and sings a faster song. A squirrel Then pages and pages of baptisms are

hurries out on a trembling limb to performed for Richardson names. They

get the nut he has missed. The sun have been baptized for as many as 1 600

reaches through a stencil of clouds in a day.

the his burns upon autograph and the in the evening food o'clock At six is leaves. air with a seasoned The

It's simple over. takes committee a the spice, feel tangy can and we forty feed to matter hundred and a

... fall. coming of the

if told of people each them you have a to with beforehand equipped come there are other other signs andDut celapple, sandwich, of a stick an and... falls other to preparations and

still it's if simpler have you ery. And

.. to other harvests be andbe made hall for rented the amusement a ward

in the. before wintergathered and comes It's friendliest occasion. the imagmeal

is is halted. here a of crewwork And inable.

harvest hands busy with a unique crop... in a process that so far as I At eight the entertainment starts. The

know is original with this organization, program of an hour or so is given by the Richardson family. Here is a famone family. In 1941 it was a pageant

ily whose theme song is "True to the written by Zelda Anderson Merrit, a

Faith,"whose slogan is "Love and Richardson granddaughter, and preUnity,"and whose aim is the salvation sented by her brothers and sisters and of all their dead. mother. Last year it was a dramatic

film of color the of Sullivan showing TREE. FAMILY RICHARDSON CHARLES the THE of reunion headquarters The

IS HEIR. RICHARDSON EDMUND THE Detroit, Richardson's journey from is the family ArizonaRichardson Temto the tip of Michigan, southernmostple from at Mesa. many come They

further America small and story of the to Cape a boy who South stateparts of the and from home New instance, of for privilege special Horn. the baptized I had the dead was being: There CaliforIdaho, Texas, Utah,Mexico,

nia, and even Michigan (one hundred were twenty names of persons on his being invited to this session of theand fortytwo people this year ). They sheet—men who had died long ago. Richardson reunion and shall always

arrive on the third Friday in February Each time the boy came up out of the be grateful for this intimate glimpse for the evening session at the temple, baptismal font he smiled off into space. into their organization.

this temple thought workers was The is the reserved as Richardsonwhich dance. the After they There program didn't unusual; other quite smile boyssession. are ordained enough There to in family musicians are the enough like that. finished they with had When in local of thetemple branch workers orchestra, take large a but they make last the sheet told the the they on name officiate orditothe in all the family turns dancing. playing dances and Old that through he could and boy go was assist the and outof-townnances alternated are with young new, and his clothes. get into dry thatworkers. evening temple on The I in join sat both. the to old seem on and

can be completely taken over by the "No,"said the small boy, "there is side lines and watched, chatting with

Richardsons. They perform as many another man on the list."different members of the family.endowments for the dead as there are

adult members in the session, and reThe workers were puzzled. "That is "You have something here, it seems

main after to perform several hundred the last name,"one of the brethren told to me,"I said, trying to get an individsealings. him. ual commitment from one of them.

After the session the group divides "But there is still another man,"the "Oh, we're just plain ordinary peoand goes severally to the five or six boy insisted. "There were twenty ple,"was the answer.

homes of the local branch. Mynoa standing there in line, and each time And so they may be, but they're doRichardson Anderson, a widow with a I came up out of the water one of them ing an extraordinary work.

large family "slept"thirtyseven at her smiled at me and went away. There is

home. "We rented mattresses,"she one still standing there."THE SULLIVAN C. RICHARDSON, SR., FAMILY

said, "and put them on the floor."The officials studied the sheet careWITH THE MESA,BACKGROUNDARIZONA, TEMPLE IN THE

Early Saturday morning they meet again, children and all, at the temple.

They meet first in the chapel room and sing their theme song, "True to the

Faith."After prayer they have a special inspirational talk given usually by

the oldest member present. Short testimonies follow by children of the

founder of the organization, and then by as many as time allows. Here many

interesting things are brought out. For

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

J&AJL DJ'OitpL

Roger Fechser of the Church wsm recently of Education * Department at elders or four is sung by three translations of English Jsent the Era meeting, be as the tempo The Tempo of hymna street letters received that from may he had two

Valeri Vincent a young man, Barranquilla, Colombia. summary A ot Congregational Singing bodiesfast as quite126 beatsnaturallyper minute.tend to Largemove

follows. By Alexander Schreiner more slowly. Since musical art does

not go contrary to nature, music is most

Tabernacle Organist and delightful and is strongest and most to Member, Church Music Committee convincing according born at Genewhen it moves Valeri wasVincent nature. Therefore, 11, va, Switzerland, by experiNovember we find

1917. There he affiliated himself Richard Wagner, in his famous ence that any one hymn is sung slower

with the Church from early childhood. treatise, "On Conducting,"said by large groups than by small groups.

in factor important that the most skilful director rule the at which age, In years of 1935, seventeen The is the of any music the performance is this: will "If nervin follow enlisted it sounds as the a radiohe Italian navy

discussion correct tempo. The it is it is fast. If it drags, too of a ous, tootelegrapher. a half months and Two

principles be of some few general may director conthe slow."to Switzerland and later he returned But must not

civilian life. help, especially since we have received sult his own private feelings in connecrequests from a number of sources for tion with this rule, for if he does, he

some recommendations concerning the will always want to go faster and faster.

speed of congregational hymns. He must rather judge the feelings of

One may well ask the question: the congregation as a whole, judge

"Why cannot the tempos for hymns be whether they are all singing together definitely determined once and for all, abreast of the beat, and judge whether and then published at the beginning of the very old and the very young can each hymn?"This has been done in comfortably keep up the pace.

the case of the green book, Latterday In general, it should be the congregaSaint Hymns. Unfortunately, several tion which sets the tempo, and not the

problems present themselves even with director. There is good value in the

this metronome indication. dictum of John Wanamaker to the efLet us take as an example the hymn, fect that the customer is always right.

VINCENT VALERI "Redeemer of Israel,"number 231 in To a real degree the congregation is

Latterday Saint Hymns. The tempo always right, and successful directors

In 1936, after nearly a year of unemindication is given as 72 beats per recognize and respect this fact.

called to toployment, he was Rome for minute, quarter note with a a is for sometimes tendency a There seven stayed about hework. There beat. quarternote that the This means singing congregational to slow down

ill returningmonths, and becoming at beats to are rate a a performed be try verse. director with each must The his intendnative to Switzerland,again little If faster the second. per than one this slipping to a avoid tendency by

( naturalized Swiss. toing a become The find will this will reader try tempo, he in his beat. clear decisive But accent

fact birth give of not does Swissmere it stately quite slow, to doubt be and no all. is is that Spirited singing necesnot

) his citizenship. sojourns reason of By It for small congregations. too slow fast. spirit sarily fact In the majesand

fill Italy, to twoyear not could he a is this that so approxihappens tempo is killed "hurryof great ty a a by hymn wait. to requirement residence had and for correct large mately a audience such directing. kind of up"and type A

fills at great the tabernacle as conferthe the Swiss out broke war When is better gentle than always demeanor authorities requested that he return to ence time. If the reader tries a tempo an officious, dictatorial one. CongreItaly. He spent some time in the Italian of a quarter note equaling 88 beats per gational singing is the "song of the

navy at Sicily and then his mother obminute, it may still seem too slow in a righteous,"and this is a prayer to God.

tained an unlimited leave of absence for private performance, but it will be quite Congregational singing is not concert him, because his father was a wounded comfortable for an average ward conperformance; it is a recitation of faithlast the veteran war, of and Vincent gregation.

in the the family. only sonwas We can well imagine that when this inspiringody. words with an incidental melAgain he returned to Switzerland,

but the Swiss would no longer grant a Edgehill Ward Choir, Highland Stake, has functioned continually for eight years. Glenn H. Johnson, director,

Permisde-Sejour, which would permit says he is eagerly awaiting the appearance of the new "Chapel Anthem"books, and hopes his choir will be first him to work, so he came to Colombia, to learnRehearsalsthe entirehavecontentsalways forbeen presentationheld on Wednesdayduring someevenings,sacramentbut dueservice.to war conditions and transportation

South America, with an Italian passrestrictions the practice time has been changed to Sunday afternoon at five o'clock, immediately preceding the port, and has since been trying to come SundayTheeveningaccompanistsservice. are Melba Clark, pianist, and Emma Petersen, organist. Homer Holmgren is president

to the United States and Utah. of the choir, and C. H. Parker is bishop of Edgehill Ward.

Of this he says:

... I desire only to locate myself

more closely to the Church and there to take advantage of the opportunities to study more deeply the gospel. I do not

occupy myself in any respect with politics and I have no desire to do so. For me there

is only one politic, the gospel of God, and

I aspire only to liberty and the Kingdom of

God.

During his youth in Switzerland he was superintendent of the little Latterday Saint Sunday School at Geneva.

(Concluded on page 118) The M. I. A. executives should bespeech and the manual Thy Speech Be

7 come familiar with the volume and not wrayeth Thee with the officers and teachers only possess it and use it in their own in the seven o'clock Tuesday evening meet-a but its use in all the ing? homes promote

speech with the two you happy 2. Were Saints. the homes of Letters Against Liquor and 17th assembly and programs November

Screen Tobacco on 5th, and January why? Transfer Cards 3. Is the assembly February program for letters are going from many A GOOD card plan for keeping in '"The transfer in 9th the of preparation? course Page

earnest people to Mr. Will H. "* touch with all girls of Mutual age Executive Manual. (Note—In presenting129,

Hays, 28 West 44th St., New York who move into strange cities for dethis program make sure the audience is close

to City, the person activity.) protesting the conducting the for topropaganda is etc., fense schooling, work, growing

is Great that care should taken be one no in bacco the pictures. and liquor motion efficacious more the day. each During or embarrassed to participate called upon is not Everybody adprejudiced who of the stakes following month December is unless friendwilling to so. he do very A mits that articles these are on used sent office to the general the of Y. ly spirit informal and W. tact together with and the far screen need, dramatic beyond I. transfer as indicated: A. cards in calling in those M. audience wisdom on an

that and presentation such influences will interesting for ennecessary be an and RiverBear 7 30 Oneida the onlookers, especially youth, conjoyable evening.

7 10 Benson Raft River 4. trary their to are welfare. succeeding the dewith you How Elder 8 Shelley Box 2

the partment programs second on Tuesday following letter of is part a The from 10 10 South Cache Summit of girls will each month? BeeHive The

I. 2 Elder Emery Vernie Swenson, A. super- M. for prepared be 9th February on and you

visor It is the of California mission. the 9th. Scouts on ready Are March you of of these each copy was made A

addressed to Mr. Hays. cards and the original was then forfor them? Again great care must be taken

that his before last one embarrassed group. no point of concerns appeal the My to the the presidents stake of warded

5. for responsibility is the at catastrophe hand. war Upon iswhom ever has war No girls'to stakes instructions with new services? evening Sunday been intemperance. by "Righteouswon forward correct to presithe them ward 6. and exalteth opporness nation."can you find when a service Where Both men

dents. president urged Each ward was tunity for reading discussing citizens the suggestion at and and patriotic a home owe

duty to the cause of democracy by keeping to visit the girl at her new address and on prayer on page 165 in the Executive themselves physically, morally, and spiritsee that she was enrolled in Mutual. Manual?

ually clean. As an American to an AmeriWhen she was, the president notified the 7. What has your Special Interest group

can I leave this request with you to use general office on a special card furndone about better speech discussions? Have

used the speech Gleaners and influence extended your to to curb a sub- M Men her, ished office in let the and turn firesides? for the yoursuggestions stantial the degree display of liquor and originally sent the transfer who 8. can organization be done in your tobacco pictures. will in motion What be person You

girl the that glad the card know news to storytelling? good doing promote favor. a America great

in interested herself had picture was now of the a mental you 9. Have Foster Miss Ruth

Festival of Salt Lake City sheenrolled to 15 th? held April in her organizaSpeech be Mutual new writes to Mr. Hays:

tion. girls eightysix during Thus DeIt seems to me that now is an important cember were personally made welcome Have you a blue print of the evening's to present to executives all program for time their to people young conserve in their wards. new

to strength, build beautiful, for their strong, support? approval and and presidents with greeted ward Many healthy bodies. actors actresses The and of 169 the page Executive On Manthe transenthusiasm such comments on in this help can doing setting examples by

all will ual, find the details for you fer cards as organist,"splendid "A the screen. on

"Was our stake dance director,""Can Speech Festival. Early planning and

And a quotation from the letter of teach any class beautifully,"and eagerpreparation will assure success. A

Mrs. Virginia B. Jacobsen: ly they have put their new members to small livewire committee of speech

As a mother, I feel that this unwholesome work. enthusiasts associated with the activity

display is having a bad effect upon the youth With this fine beginning, let us keep counselors and speech directors could of our country, who could be influenced in success. All detail a wonderful girl leaves track of every our make who

the direction. other and assignments be under should way this and of perthrough system wards

Do you feel that this is a good cause? sonal contact help her to maintain her by March 1st.

If you do, write a letter now to Mr. Church association, her standards, and Watch next Era for more suggestions

Hays. her ideals wherever she goes. on festival.

Keep ever before the M. I. A., "When

Recreation in the Home the mouth openeth, the mind is on

TPhe book, Recreation in the Home, parade."CULTURAL ARTS which has been issued by the general boards of the auxiliary organiHelping With Names in the News

zations of the Church is a contribuSpQVcfL Tn the assembly program for March tion that will be greatly appreciated by Speech as the M. I. A. Speaks * 17th, "Prominence of Names in the

the Latterday Saint families. It comes News,"we are encouraged to keep up

at a very appropriate time when through "Cor one of the new year's activities with the unfamiliar words that are comrubber and gasoline rationing there is read pages 162 to 170 of the Execuing daily to our attention. Fortunately,

greater necessity for families to protive Manual, 1942. Executives and we both see and hear them. They apvide diversion within their own homes. leaders will find help and inspiration pear in the newspapers and magazines

The cost of the book is so moderate, as well as will our speech directors. and are spoken in the news broadcasts.

twentyfive cents the copy, that all may As one learns to swim by swimming, Generally in the latter, they are prohave it without hardship. Within the so it is with speaking. nounced correctly.

covers are games and other entertainBy this time of year there will have There are a few rules it might be well ment that can be used in parties at home been many M. I. A. meetings and activito remember. The European lanor in the ward recreation hall, all careties. guages and some others give the broad

fully chosen from the great body of Check on the following questions: sound of "a"to the letter "a"; the long

national literature on this subject. 1. How many times have you discussed ( Continued on page 114)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

(Continued from page 113) put into the project, the results will be sound of "a"to the vowel "e,"the long more or less on the "miss"side. Do

sound of "e"to the vowel "i"and "y,"not allow yourself to accept anything Assembly Program and the long sound of "i,"except in which is mediocre or faulty. Keep sayTt is time that you had the cast chosen

results ing yourself, to compen- "The "ai"or "ay."to diphthong theFrench, for for the oneact to play put be on find effort. will the sate 1943 makme the 16th. assembly program March You letters are soundthe "oe"In Dutch, effort. in the ing position the music My six for staging need with play a weeks in city like Ban- "oo."Java,ed The is obligation oppornot but an an work amateurs. love pun- a must boy How if is the easily pronounceddoeg, rules tunity."

above are remembered. In German, ishment when he goes on the stage withhowever, "oe"has the sound of "a"out his part being learned letter perlips the in a circle rounded withspoken (DonoL ingfect. underHe standshis makeup,there hesitating,glancingblushun- that "o."say Knowingas you when

is name,Roentgen a German you would Few Boys, Many Girls likeeasilya drowningat the wingsman forreachingthe prompterfor resit. to pronouncelenow how

cue. the loses the audience Meanwhile published dance "One for Two"HpHE

in consoending In French, words illusion begins to its emoand spend is in being Leader the November silent or leave frequentlynants, them tions in pity for the actor. young received. enthusiastically This dance

the the casein of "n"and "m"give a double use of makes the boys by nasal prolonged preceding avowel Book of Plays clever the boys arrangement in which sound. frequently the partners with change contains nine onePlays Book of TPhe

"11"is is girls. Spanish, Castilian always of In extra very This dance type is fine choice. act there plays a and

"11"is like asfor "ny"evening "n"Also in William. the valuableas Tuesday at If the will directors get at the work

"j"is thein used. has always period canyon, dancing in which and sembly find will once, time as 1 6th they March

prosyllables are "h."All thesound of finishing to put touches on mixers, should approaches dancing and Group

if accent, in Spanish.nounced The not the acting and and worbe rushed occasions. a feature of these Dances the be

word ends in a consonant except "n"of this nature introduced the last few ried by an unprepared cast.

or "s,"is on the last syllable, otherwise, years can be used to very good advanon the next to last with such exceptage such as: Quiz

accent aretions mark. an as noted by

is piece scenery of a "dead"? "\T7hen rolling, hard a has doubled "r"The Sing,""Portland Fancy,"and "Dance *'hall recreation a your Does have pronounces as a Scotsmansound much "She'll the Mountain,"'Round Comin'be "grid"? single "r."the all the "Dixie,"1941 Supple from Dance

last did use season During a you Circle"1940 Also Sup "The Dance course, is to look ment. surest of way, The "ground row"? Land,"plement, and and Land "Your My in the dictionary particularthe up word for stage the use a had Have you on Shining "There's a Somewhere,"Rainbow

or in the current publication on speech, "Yankee Doodle,""Barn Dance,""Coming "dutchman"?

but these simple rules may help. Through the Rye,""Goodnight Ladies,"With the most innocent feminine

"I Want to be Happy,""The M. I. A. parts in your cast, have you ever used

Czech "The Hop,"and others from "vamps"?

the 1939 Manual. Dance Whatever the styles of your cosMUAUL Walk,"

The Results Compensate In addition, one or two figures from tumes,"flats"?do you still put "stiles"into your

"Sidewalks and "The Lancers"of Newthe Effort would you look if you had to Where year's from this York"Dance Manual adjust a "border"?

all. to could well, play be taught cannot teach a song"VTou are above questions taken from The

a effectively, conduct A a selection of the "Glossary"Following need of dances for the that most in the back up chorus authoritatively, or present an one boy and two girls, we have arvaluable little book Theatre Arts, assembly program impressively withranged a group dance called "Two to Many difficulties of production could out being fully repaid for all the time One Twice."It was published in the be met with satisfaction if the directors

and effort involved. The grateful praise January Leader. If it hasn't reached made themselves familiar with the conof the auditors to that which is predance instructors, inquire of your ward tents of this book and had it close by

sented excellently is worth more than president or send to the M. I. A. office for reference. It is worth reading and

money. But such results cannot be obfor a copy. The dance is a group dance rereading. Every ward director should

tained in a "hit and miss"fashion. arranged along the lines of the "reels"have one and should see that it is in the

Unless much thought, careful planning so popular in pioneer times. They are hands also of those who take part beand adequate, intelligent rehearsals are fun to do and very happily fit into the hind the footlights or behind the scenes.

present need.

M. I. A. OF PACHUCA, HIDALGO, MEXICO.

Ane of the great opportunities for - building morale among Special Interest groups lies on the second Tuesday of each month when social evenings can be planned. Many groups serve

light and wafers refreshments—punch

or beans and crackers homebaked candy—every two months, A specialor

feature is arranged for this evening, a lecture, book review, or an opera being presented. On the alternate second Tuesday, the lesson is given as

usual, and time taken to promote friendliness by playing such informal

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

games as "buzz"or "the priest of the to give these men a year's subscripparish has lost his considering cap."tion to The Improvement Era.

With increased rationing of gasoline This was made possible when the M and rubber, ward members will return Men and Gleaners recently gave a very more and more to activities nearer their successful dinner and dance in which Be Chaste homes. If Special Interest groups are sufficient proceeds were realized to HPhe past three lessons in the manual

alert, they can be of real service and place not only a year's subscription of A Today and Tomorrow, have laid find great pleasure through their social The Improvement Era, but also the a fine background for the second lesactivities on the second Tuesday of 1942 M Men and Gleaner Manual, Of son in February—"Be Chaste."And,

each month. Things That Endure in the hands of as the author says, this lesson should

our boys. be given without apology or explanation, and with the same ease and freedom with which the preceding ones

have been given. Surely Dr. Lowell

Bennion has treated the subject in a most

To the Men in the Service straightforward, frank, and beautiful is lesson timely most and manner. The forces in are in the not are advantages some armed '"Phere"KfloRE Men M all If leaders important. Junior you *L"A lessons. specified prinhaving Great this country, and of Canada The

into conthe get over the can Church is ciple the of classes in of that Scout are theBritain work each boy than girls, of these sciousness apchoice an

I. suits at rate that progress the these at men home. Moreover A. mayM.

their of the of sanctity bodies, preciation is Imhim held to those not and back by Mutual formare encouraged who appreciate are older they can and when for the slowly. conduct advance Associations moreprovement

full chastity, significance the they of this seems as their religiousof work, leader therefore Explorer should The call will blessed.""rise and up you And

fit better structure military into theto utilize his leadership energy and powthe they are married and have when patPriesthood or auxiliary thethan in First ers producing Explorers Honor forth bringing beautiful, privilege of indeed It interestingtern. be would inducing their to obtain and them Arwill children, bless the they healthy

justto men many Mormon how know award. has succeedhe rowhead When cleanliness. taught they For were day the in in part takingare Mutual work in titled building of a group ed up Exis Godliness.""cleanliness to next One earth the scattered overvarious camps plorers, feel fortunate that he he may definite statepositive of the and most oceans. the ships that ply theand on lessons. set not bound by was clean."was, ments Jesus ye "Be by made Mutual. a that hold can twoRemember let leaders Explorer However, might this lesson thoughtfully, Approach

committee and MenGleaner The general the board know how they look M all, studiously, prayerfully, and above officers the of A. general otherthe M. I. matter. on this will rejoice in the response you and you

are all the to greetingssend men who girls. will get from your

helping defend liberty everywhere. The Scouts and Explorers

in in preparing has mindcommittee you "Maud,"Course Reading Book that has a plan adopted Church prayers study. go '"P'HEthe of course Our

for Scouting than do more A may any full this benefit delightof rPo for constantly. for prayup you We last in the In change decade. every girls A fulget book,the should your have lives of and that preservation yourthe

carries ward, the bishop out inwhere night of it before the read February in full posback home comeyou may structions, there a meeting will be by for set aside its con9th, which was and ofsession and faculties, your limbs the seventh of the with the leadmonth sideration. the that also pray you may keepwe

ers of the Priesthood quoof the boys thefaith standards of to the live up and Book reviews stimulate us to better

Church whatever the temptation of the rums and auxiliaries for the purpose of and more extensive reading, but should bringing be. careful perusalhour every boy in the Church into not take the place of a may

activity.

If of worthwhile the girls books. have If wish to be outstanding, noyou

ticed and respected by officers and men, The Boy Leadership Committee of read Maud, the discussion will be most is the the bishopric, ward headed by interesting to helpful and the whole of keep live thethen Wisdom, Word at the the meeting bishop will take and remember you how proMaud class. Do the habit of free fromyourselves

fanity and evil talk and be straight the leaders of the boys of priest age, loved her diary as she would a true and morally. Young men, you will be rehis first counselor will take the leaders tested friend, and how she confided in

turning some fair day to those who of the teacher age and the second counit her innermost thoughts and feelings?

love you and are waiting for you. What selor those of deacon age and will The reading of this book will stimulate

joy it will give them if they can recheck the activities and lack of activithe further carrying on of the Junior ceive you as if you were coming home ties of every boy who has membership project "My Story, Lest I Forget."

from a wellfilled mission of carrying in the ward. Surely in this eventful year in which we

the gospel abroad. You are not called As it affects Scouting and Exploring, are living, one of the most eventful in

to preach it; you are called to live it, this meeting will bring together under history, there is much to be recorded

and, as liberty and freedom of the the direct attention and responsibility in our books. History is being made

human soul are part of the gospel, to of the bishopric the troop committees, every day. Encourage the girls to folfight for it also. Explorer leader, and Scoutmaster and low Maud's example and record in their

assistant Scoutmaster. If the boys are "My Story"books, interesting happen-

A Monthly Visit to our not registering as Scouts and Explorers ings of their own lives, as well as stirBoys in the Armed Forces then the bishopric will know about it ring events that are occurring daily.

Twentyfive young men of the Reno and under the instructions of the Presiding Bishopric, will make an effort to scattered throughout * Ward, now the situation. correct in serving the armedthe world and

forces of our country, are going to reThe important thing to remember is ceive a monthly caller—bearing a mesthat the troop committees and troop Primary Graduation

sage of good will and cheer; teaching leaders be present always at the meetelevating ideals and clean living, coming. Nothing will aid Scouting more "Touring the month of February there

forting them when they are distressed; than full interest and participation in will be graduated from the Primand all because the M Men and Gleanthis Ward Boy Leadership committee ary Association a large number of boys ers set a goal and reached it—namely, meeting. {Concluded on page 116)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943 ( Concluded from page 115) IDLE WORDS it is hoped it will find its place in every who have reached twelve years of. age. Latterday Saint home. "The family

It is most important that the executives By Jeremiah Stokes that plays together stays together."This

it contains chapters in the all book music find on their see to that of these idle the say words we reading, dancing, drama, home, storyin at place the groups. once Scout They like gas, metered out If Wereall

telling, conversation, hobbies, games, diligently. should sought be Remember of think us a heap would most The

these are shy children who have for Before we'd let them pass. fun and food, family manners, etc.

years been looking forward to the time Perhaps for a few minutes some evewhen they can become members of the ning you could explain to your girls the

Mutual. If they are not welcomed, you build and repair the body; cleanliness many delights in recreation in store for

may lose them at this critical time. and recreation are necessary. In these them with this book in the home. Urge

Scoutmasters should invite in personaldays when doctors and dentists are your girls to cooperate wholehearted- ly every boy without any exception. not so available to cure our ills, it is ly in having home recreation. There is

The executives too should take an inespecially our responsibility to keep extra responsibility in the home for Beeterest in this and be sure that such inviwell. Hive girls these days, so help them to

tation is given. They should be glad to During this month enhance your feel that one may play when tending

do it themselves rather than have it guides with application of the M. I. A. baby or washing dishes, dusting or

neglected. Theme as it applies to the Field of other work, in helping mother in the

There may be somewhat over a thouHealth, as given in the 1942 BeeHive home; that it all depends upon the girl's

sand boys coming into Mutual this Supplement, p. 21. attitude.

the "Promise"girls repeat your Have month are all alert. Not one if we

this to Faith. Lesson for February 16 special giving emphasis month, neglected. should be

"Safeguard Health."TXThat a dreary world it would be if

February Seventh for Scouting Safety v "we didn't have faith—first in the

ultiin Christ, faith the Jesus and Lord to all the "T/ord out stake has gone girls con- "safety to be your /uide '"faith in triumph of justice, mate our superintendents doubtless and there ap- *"* scious."year is an Each

friends, in ourselves. country, in our and that presidents to from them ward accidents the palling of preventable number

as turvy turned the world topsy With is 7th to evening of Sunday, February sister's toy in the Small was home.

it is faith for surely the today, need of the celebration thebe Scout used for left his stairs father in hurry the and on it greater never is now. than was in the of anniversary all the wards fell off to spent to and many be work

this leave lesson without not Let us received matterChurch. the apThe the hospital in a broken with weeks

girl real a having of knowledge First the Presidency,proval of the and her every broke in the dark leg; or mother

bishops have been informed that this toe on a chair which was left out of its the vital significance of faith and of would be a proper use of the Fast day accustomed place; or someone fell over what her baptism really means.

evening service. the baby's buggy in the back hall or on

Doubtless before this, preparations the sidewalk and was hurt. Most acDefense Work.

have been made, but there is still time cidents which occur are due to carelessLesson for February 23 to put finishing touches on your proness and could have been avoided. Prepare and plan for the evening of

grams. This year above all there should Could not BeeHive girls take it upon February 23, so that it will be a

be an excellent, interesting and fine themselves to be on the "alert"and rousing, thrilling and patriotic event, celebration of the anniversary of this make it their responsibility to prevent which will so impress the girls that they the leadershipgreat movement. With in the accidents home? Beewill this the patriotism carry beyond We hope

of younger from men taken as Guardian and Gathwell as us, it is Keepers into specific classroom some war projnecessary to show each community how erer girls will take advantage of any ects.

useful Scouting really is and build such firstaid instructions which may be given an enthusiasm for it that older men will in your locality, thus equipping yourMembership recognize that they can well afford the selves for service in the home and elsetime and committeemen.troop effort to be Scoutmasters and where if needed. TTI/hat* ing successthe girls havewho youneedhadencouragein helpFun at Home ment to attend Mutual? They will all

usable in participate the love a very to on Recbook Junior Bouecently D* all prize will quet they pubhas and ceremony been reation in the Home lished by the general auxiliary organthe lovely rose folder.

izations of the Church. It has been Write to us about your problems and

Health dedicated to the fathers, mothers, and your successes. We want to be help-

\L7hat a wonderful opportunity is children in Latterday Saint homes and ful.

*yours to guide girlhood. This

month in your guide activities, your girls will the Field go with you into of UNITED ORDERS IN UTAH for rather health takesHealth. Youth

granted, but you can help BeeHive (Concluded from page 87) He was free also to withdraw his girls to understand that "youth is the for many people a rough and boggy capital on a basis already outlined.

time to lay up a bank account of health"stretch of financial highway. And, finally, the controlling power was

for the future. The body is composed There was no regimentation of labor vested in shares of stock and not in

of bones, organs, tissues, fluids, blood as is commonly supposed. An order individual members. These shares were

vessels, nerves, and minute organs. If was simply a corporation employing held in varying amounts and the voting

each performs its natural functions its own members on a perday wage strength of a member changed as he freely and properly, a person is said scale. There was nothing compulsory bought or sold stock. These fundato be in good health. The body is a about it since a man was free to stop mental governing principles and freemachine and needs upkeep. Since the work any time he wanted. If he quit doms are wholly antagonistic to any

body is the tabernacle of our spirit and but did not draw out his capital, the totalitarian concepts and would be fatal when resurrected we will take up these only penalty imposed was that his capito either communism or socialism.

bodies again, we should conscientiously tal would lie dormant and would not United Order, therefore, cannot propfollow the laws pertaining to health. participate in dividends which he had erly be classed as either of these.

Proper food is essential; sleep and rest not helped to produce. The End

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

THE KINGDOM FIRST (Concluded from page 89) irrelevant conversation so that their one displaying the key of this frafrom the opposite side of the church advantage in time for study was but ternity on his watch chain was a as he, himself, was hurrying toward little, reasoned James; and he was marked man and about him medical

the door. It was a woman, young more than happy for having spent students could be heard whispering

yet oldlooking, with the stamp of the evening in the way he had done. the magical letters, "A O A."

unusual worry and concern on her The next three days were de- "As you all know,"the secretary face. Grasping his hand, she said, scribed by the students with one was saying, "it is customary to elect

"You don't know me. I'm not a word, "Nightmare."With but short to the fraternity each year a limited

for of your Church. I came member intermissions, in of long all day whose the number graduates—those first tonight."the time she adThen scholastic large standards are outstandnoth- library room, heard one

ded with a great show of feeling, ing but the scraping of pens on paper, ing. And we are obliged to limit

"You don't know how you've helped the deep breathing of someone, and the number of such candidates me tonight."a frequent sigh; and the steady tickchosen from our transfer students

The road home was a pathway of ing of the large clock on the wall. from all parts of the nation to two

clouds for James and as he later Students sat in individual chair only. It is therefore a great pleasure

joined a group of his fellow "meddesks, coats off, sleeves rolled, to present to you for membership ics"who had been long together in watches before them—writing, writinto the fraternity the names of Peter

a study group he didn't mind their ing; while slowly, like the grim Brooks and James Evans."There

bantering. As he pored over the reaper himself, back and forth was a brief pause. James felt his

pages of his books he absorbed the paced the monitor. heart pounding and his ears burncontents with a greater ease for having. This had been a total surprise

ing taken the recess from his studies; It was all over and several days to him. "If those whose names we

and he judged that hie classmates later a banquet was well under way. have read will please step forward

had usefully applied themselves only The speaker was the local secretary.... It is a pleasure to welcome you

for a relatively short while during of Alpha Omega Alpha, the muchinto the fraternity of Alpha Omega the time he had been absent. They coveted honorary national scholarAlpha and to present you with these

had as usual probably indulged in ship fraternity of medical men. Anykeys—emblems of work well done."

THREETIME MISSIONARY

{Concluded from page 88) Elder Flake and his companion at ing 190607, spending much of his time

But his face sobered again as his talk one time narrowly escaped a second visiting old friends and investigators.

drifted to the mobbings which he also lynching party in Yazoo County by the He looked up those same friends again had experienced during his first missiontimely arrival of their train. The ticket in 1918 when he passed through the

ary adventure. Twice driven from agent had bluffed the mob into thinking South on a genealogy tour, and in 1934

Yazoo County, he returned yet a third that the railroad company would stand when he came to the mission to visit time to carry out an errand for Presibehind anyone who held tickets, so the his sons.

hesitated of fifteen carry in todent spite of fact the E. Rich men Ben mob to assigned Flake has been Elder

until threats their kill eightyfivethat of lynching leader out to pledged had men the president of as serve temporarily first. first arrived. train arrivedthe the elder crossed The Mormon who bebranch. But Birmingham, Alabama,

line. the days,"those old "Yes, were goodcounty

left night spent a Atlanta, he fore he later sighed, he he in heard though early experiences "Those was Yazoo light missionaries. the the with When as aren't to "I the will people say: in hope be vivid alwaysCounty memmy six o'clock at flashed on in his room was

to us as they used be."oldory,"rough on the look a far had away man up, pulled himself morning, the he next

longin served Elder his Flake eye. a term misrubbed his eyes and yawned.

until 1900, 1897 in the told South from how Ben E. Rich had been sion He

assured by a friend at home that the then returned again in 1925 for a short "What's the idea of waking me up

Yazoo people would meet him with term mission. He was twice president in the middle of the night?"he comopen arms and how later President Rich of the Mississippi Conference. During plained. Then he looked at his watch

telegraphed his friend: "They met me the interim he filled another short term and grinned: "I guess the mission field

with arms all right, but they were the mission in Texas. hasn't changed much since I was here,

kind that shoot bullets."He also sold horses in the South durafter all."

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

{Continued from page 95) son, Twin Falls, Idaho; Helen Claire BolClyde D. Tidwell, Wellington, Utah; ArchBrigham, Utah; Stanley L. Udall, Eager, ton, Salt Lake City; June Gleave, Antiie C. Robbins, Salt Lake City; Ernest C.

Arizona; John J. Van Leeuwen, Salt Lake mony, Utah; Walter LeGrande Collins, Cook, Ogden; Chelsea Peterson, Midvale,

City. Salt Lake City; Wendell B. Cheney, Utah; Charles E. Busath, Sacramento,

East Central: Vaughn R. Atkinson, Thornton, Idaho; Richard M. Mecham, Calif.; James C. Kendall, Nephi, Utah;

Sandy, Utah; Mary Eliza Astle, Fair Oaks, Tropic, Utah; J. Lyle Fackrell, Huntington Forrest H. Kleinman, Toquerville, Utah;

California; Golda Faucette, Sanford ColoPark, California; Wayne F. Bellows, Rodney E. Alsop, Salt Lake City; Millard

Richard Afton, L. MillKitchen, Michaelson, Provo; H. Fern Provo; Lloyd Wyoming; Shelley, Idaho; Neil Bradley,rado; John

Giles, Lucille P. Price, Utah; I. Jorgensen, Arizona; St. David, er, Jr., Jex, R. Frank Sanford, R. Johnson, Colorado;Jerome Joseph M. Glenn, Logan, Utah; Kenneth Ruel Provo; Gilbert J. McLean, Salt Lake City; Salt Lake City; Ashton L. Smith, Cedar

Ila City, Christensen, Boun- P. Calvin Utah; Hansen, Lovell, Wyoming.Jenkins, Darrel Freedom, Wyoming; Ray

AriBenson, Fenn, tiful, Utah; Jay MaxJenkins, Eastern: Freedom, Lorenzo K. Wyoming; Rex Max Bott, Brigham

Crane, Mink Creek, Idaho; Lonnie E. CrosCity; Melvin G. Sanders, Salinas, Calif.; zona; Charles C. Esplin, Cedar City, Utah;

by, Etna, Wyoming; Grant C. FrederickDeLance W. Squire, La Verkin, Utah; ( Concluded on page 118)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

The Church Moves On Answers to Bible Test of Faith ( Concluded from page 117) Curiosities ( Concluded from page 112}

Smith, Salt City; G. LakeHoward Hugh is is electrician an and workHe now {Questions on page 92) Boulder, Hill, Utah;Crae Wilson, Mildred in ing lanfour Colombia. speaks He

Lordsburg, Alvin Mexico; Taylor, New faith saints. of the W. 1. The (Jude 3) fifty guages. dollars sent Recently heSalt City; Peart, Lake Joyce Randolph, 2. "If his will."will any do man to the to Presiding Bishopric credbe RussellUtah; T. Murray, Utah. McDonald, 7:17) (John tithing, ited thirty his as for dollars parHawaiian: Almen, M. Wayne Von 3. is quick, the of "For and word God ents, in residing Switzerland, twenandBedford, Wyoming. powerful, sharper than and any for dollars ty himself.

A. Mexican: Lorenzo (MisAnderson is a discerntwo-edged sword, and

President),sion Paso, El P. Texas; Vera er the of intents thoughts of and ofAnderson Mission President), (Wife El

heart."the (Hebrews 4:12) Fletcher, S. R. Vernal, Utah; man AndrewPaso, Texas.

I that shall give water "The Calif.; him Jr., Wilkinson, Park, Huntington Barton, England: Salt Helen New

Idaho; Reese Westover, Lake 4. shall H. Rexburg, in well a of him be waterCity; Horsley, Malad, Jean Idaho; Amber Stephens, B. L. Richard Ogden; Emerle life."springing into everlasting upR. Palmer, Valley, Park Utah; Victora

Salt Crosland, City. LakeRasband, Heber, 4:14) Utah; (John T. Richard Wooton, Salt Lake City. 5. Three. Adam. (Genesis 2:21) Western: Gerrit Van Dyle, Salt Lake

Henry Schumann, M. Tremonton, (Genesis Central: and City; Saul Abram. 15:12) North Christensen, RichRay L.

City; Salt Utah; Meeks, H. Wells Lakefield; Charles Dahlquist, Provo; his army. W. (I Samuel 26:12) Wayne Hunsaker, D. Honeyville, Utah; Thomas Clearfield,C. Dalton, Utah; Frank S. 6. spirit. quiet (I Peter and meek A Bastian, Newell Antone Utah; Loa, Leon Salt Jr.,Hardy, City. Lake 3:4) Hoytsville, Marchant FredUtah; Judd,

Clark, Northern: Lehi, Rhodes Ward 7. rick Earnestness, determination, Eland Idaho; Hunzeker, Montpelier, W.Utah; Merrill, William Paul Jr., Preston, L. Butler, dren Salt P. City; Adrian Lake patience. (Luke 8:15)Idaho; C. Nelson, Thornton, Lynn Idaho; Nielson, Idaho; Cleveland Ovid, E. Cook, 8. is the sin committeth "Whosoever Green,William H. Hooper, Franklin Utah; Pocatello, Snarr, Idaho; Alvin Murray, G. sin."[slave] of servant (John Nebeker, Shoshone, Idaho;Van Virginia F. Scott, Utah; Verl Utah; Murray, Spencer 8:34)Stewart, Spanish Fork, Utah; Ethel L. Beck, Fork, G. Utah; American M. Norman

9. sins."forgive SaltJones, our us City; Lake Bangerter, (Luke Arnold "And Utah; Adams, Parowan, WilGrant V.

Cross, Miller, Utah; A. Mesa,Woods debts."Jay forgive us 11:4). our "And liams, Idaho; Grace, Summers, Ray W.Arizona. Ririe, 6:12) (Matthew Idaho; Rupert, C. Garner, Dean

Northern California: Lewis T. Patter10. Three years and six months, in the Idaho; William E. Bradshaw, St. George,

son, Salt Lake City; Thomas B. Doxey, days of Elias. (Luke 4:25) Utah; Douglas Farrow, Summit, Utah; AlOgden, Utah; Wayne R. De Leeuw, Bickvin L. Davidson, St. Anthony, Idaho; W.

nell, Utah; Dorothy H. Miller, Parker, Clem Utley, Fillmore, Utah; Marjorie Lunt,

Idaho; Lester Peterson, A. Salt City; Nephi, L. Utah; Clarence Lake Carey, Mecham, son, Honeyville, Bigelow, Utah; Richard C. S. Russon,Harland Salt City; Idaho; Ricks, Falls; Lake Idaho C. Geneva LeRoy James P. Utah; Provo; George, Kanosh, LloydE. Peterson, Salt City; Merlin Lake Hansen, Utah. Hooper, Dee Byrne, Oviatt Eula Ogden; MoseleyWhiting, Manti, Utah; Nielsen, Doris R. Byrne, R. Ogden; Wright, Lyman, Ray StillSalt City; Lars Lake Square Anderson, Jr., Salt IdaTemple Preston, Rawlings, Thora Wyoming; City; lolaLake Elodie Sorenson, Jr., BanVisitors Popular with ho; R. Finley Hendrix, Sunnyside, Nevada;croft, Idaho; Paul Christensen, Cedar W. Safford, Nelson, Thornton Arizona. visitors at of 309,652 pausedCity, A total Utah.

E. Jones, Spanish Donald J.American: Og- "during the year Square Temple Northwestern: Milligan, SacramenMax Salt den; City; C. Johnson, Lake Raymond

to, Calif.; visitors 1942, with S. 465,432 compared Ruth Marsden, Utah; Murray, Burley, E. Idaho; Matthews, Donald Ruth

Blake J. Anderson, Fairview, Utah; KenStout, Moab, Utah. for 1941, reported Elder John H. Taylor

neth R. Ballard, Smithfield, Utah. Texas: John Rawle Baylis, Salt Lake of the First Council of the Seventy and

Southern: Kimball C. Richmond, Salt City; Norman E. Hansen, Salt Lake City; president of the Temple Square MisLake City; Maxwell G. Erskine, Salt Lake Elmer V. Howell, Jr., Salt Lake City; Ray sion.

City; Vaughn Hill Utah; Nephi, Payson, Utah: Melvin Moore, H. John- J. Paxman, the best months were June and JulyDerrah B. Wiggill, Calif.; Kaysville, son, Inglewood, Utah; James Alma respectively 42,246 39,463, andT. Crowther, Sanford, Driggs, S. Colorado; Idaho; Paul Hansen,J. Duersch, Harvey V. Mink with

Christofferson, Lehi, Utah; Evert G. MarCreek, Idaho; Robert Kent Fielding; registering. A large number of the

tin, Sanford, Colorado; Eldon LaVar Provo; Lester H. Thomson, Seattle, Wash.; visitors to the grounds in 1942 were

Coates, Kingston, Utah; Varsel L. ChlarClarence G. Walker, Salt Lake City; Normen in the armed forces.

SAM BRANNAN (Continued from page 83) for one of your number to visit us next fall. able terms, the following effects of the late

feelings.... The Star takes a bold stand... My whole soul, might and strength is firm of Samuel Brannan & Co., as follows:

and a straightforward course, cutting to the bent on laboring for you night and day. I A large quantity of wheat

line and at the same time meeting with unilook upon no one as being judges of the American cattle, horses, and mules versal approbation. On my return home I fruits of my labor except your honorable A large quantity of a good breed of pigs

deemed it most prudent to dissolve our combody. To you I stand ready at any moment A valuable lot, situated on the corner of

pany association from the fact that a great to render an account of my stewardship. Kearny and Pacific Streets; a lot and

many were idle and indolent and would try farm house, cor. of Clay and Stockton

to live upon the earnings of the few, and About twenty of the Battalion are workStreets, school books at the same time it would leave me less ining here in town and are doing well. About Harper's Family Library, 168 volumes

cumbered to perform the duties involved the same number are at Captain Sutter's A medium chest upon me in sustaining the interest of the and many more scattered about different The launch, Comer chairs, yokes of Zion.cause of the parts Bay,

swords, powder, muskets, drums, and4 as far as I can learn, Wagons,Two well. doing they are I hope, brethren, that you will not suffer etc.

to prejudicedyour or minds doubt be later my attempt days a serious Two block, thread, hat wicking; was Linen one

loyalty reports that or from rumors any of liquidation assets the made toward matches, twine and in circulation or brethren be putmay by oil, eight soap, mustard, Castor hundred of following Brannan Company. The &

I faithothers. confidence, want your... etc., salt, barrels hogsheads, empty in Caliadvertisement the appeared I feeling that will prayers, dischargeand etc.5 fornia Star: all duties circumstances, then under andmy

inthe public could be as So muchI will then undertaking happy. am No be The subscribers offer for sale, on reasongreattoo too heavy. I hope burden or any 19, some6California Oct. 1847. Condensed Star,

it may be counted wisdom by your council 4Journal History, Oct. 17, 1847 what from original.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

SAM BRANNAN "L. D. S. Training PAYS'

duced to buy was converted to cash, present and the peculiar circumstances unand the loyal brethren then remaining der which I am at this time situated, occain feelings to rise peculiar very my funds. of thereceived a share

restresponsibility fully the But sionsheart, knowing offers, repeated even aftermany things, tarry acts during me, and ing upon my mycould not be sold. Eventually they here. That I am a man of errors, I most In a Nation

fell into Brannan 's hands, and after sincerely acknowledge; but with all of my

apostasy had warped his better nature, errors, I hope and trust they have not there is little evidence that the partbrought reproach upon the high and holy ners received a just division of these cause which I have had the pleasure to atWar... this in country.spoils. Regarding Hope, William represent New

I shall.. calumniators. have many That Brannan later wrote: "SamuelGlover misrepresentation arising jealousy and from

crops, tools house, land, oxen, thegot ShiUsxL diomjdA. launch Hope, and fromand New the Iedamconfidencefully confident.in theButknownfrom integritymy unboundand

company, who did the work, got nothdisposition to give justice to all men, espeing. cially to the household of faith, in yourself

and council, I do not give myself any prestige trust in the of upon crowded wealth and "God my in- A s Military, Government, and alarm—putting"** director of Israel"architect the great and Latterfor the his ardor Brannan, offices dustrial and want men

I earth. sincerely hope on His kingdom eclipse. underwent slowly causeday to trained do who women until will that pass not another year away the only not BrannanBut Samuel was accurately I the job swiftly—reof pleasure the happiness and have are—lifting guilty of Saint greedyLatterday this place. in of the ceiving "one Twelve"professionally.

spirit like calf. to the goldeneyes A result I feel that in the saying assured good

of worldliness seems to have permeated that would arise from it would pay a thouJudged by personnel, equipthe entire San Francisco colony through sandfold to the cause and interest of Zion. ment, and experience, the L. D.

that winter of 184748. As virtual For myself, I have labored under many dis- S. Business College is excellentreceived not having advantages, from my city, ofpioneers a rich growing and of for ly qualified the work of those the part on Ambition endowment. for opportunities manifoldthey found office training placing and Priestit, disputing received have my of who gain. the tide Indeedpersonal

their joining influence hood with the workers. and

worldliness might have totally engulfed slanderer, in order to strengthen their own them, had it not been for the timely arinfluence and exalt themselves.... A postal card will bring you

rival of Addison Pratt. When Brother Addison Pratt took the information about our day and

in the of branch, presidency hopes I was classes, rates of tuition, evening labored for years Pratt Elder had I results better of receiving have; than he etc. opportunities, employment IsSociety of the natives theamong the with them and is one day carried away

lands, and with astonishingly fruitful next against them; and so it has been from

results. On his way across the world the first three months. I do not say this

to report this mighty harvest, he touched with any feeling against Brother Pratt, for at California. It was his intention to I have none; it arises from a want of natural

hurry eastward, but at San Francisco stableness of purpose and firmness in decharacter. and S. all cision discerned quickly soul his zealous L D. interest care and Our Rather the Church. with not rightwas strength. in influence and is Thedaily tideincreasingof opthan immediately hasten over the mounposition that has heretofore existed against tains, he turned energetic efforts to a us under the recent control of Alcalde here BUSINESS

greater task—that of quickening the has received a successful defeat, and the

hearts of these wavering brethren of Star has become the representative of the COLLEGE influential of the portions and his the labor San commercial covenant. the Under

Salt Lake City, Utah is inplace, the of rapidly and community officially organFrancisco branch was. in creasing the country. surrounding.. SWWW\A/WWVWWWWW%nAAAAAStAMfSA/\/i/WWiA/VW*AA*iAAAAAAAAA hiding, of out ized, brought the Church influin other with connection Myself two

and fired again with zeal. ential persons of this place have organized Wives of Service Men:

At first Samuel Brannan was dean order entitled "The United Order of lighted with the capabilities of Elder Charitable Brothers."We three compose We have a special booklet, "Mrs.

Pratt, and he lent him every assistance at present the only members of the Grand Smith Carries On,"telling how y"the subGreat Lodge. and Grand Lodge help win this war. May we can A in order. putting the Church toward in ordinate has organized lodge been copy? send you a his jealously guarded own he While 1. entitled place, Samaritan No. Lodge Wethis

elder, Addileading he insisted rights as in of the remajority most a have taken son serve as president of the San Franspectable citizens of this place. The order

cisco branch. Not all the good Saints is advancing very rapidly and we have apwho had made the Brooklyn journey plicants from all parts of the county to

It will a doubt, without members. become to reclaimed labors these were by

influential the in of order become most any unselthe through TIMELY A the county.

Pratt, a efforts righteousness—yet,fish of Addison many I sent Brother Glover have down Wm. the for sister saved were brother and of to trade with south worth $2,000 goods BOOK NEW the updynamic through even the Church Spaniards, with here obtained which we

heaval of the Gold Rush so soon to folon credit. If we realize 50 per cent on them SIGNS OF THE TIMES

sale, will then and meet with good he inspiritual this radiant low. Under fit By Joseph Fielding Smith out with supplies immediately and more at times fluence, Brannan Samuel

at the rely meet $1.25 "Lake."upyou may You to the crass neglect warmth from veered

assist to pushing nerve every on you my his inner of fervor. spiritual of ORDER The tide NOW..7. last. to the sustain and you

in is indicated strikingly a letter strife CO. THE BOOKCRAFT

he wrote to President Young on March HThe letter was a long one and reveals, P. O. Box G3

29, 1848: A as nothing else could, the peculiar Salt Lake City. Utah

The wide distance that separates us at mental state of a man torn between two Your orders will receive immediate e,Glover Ms., Bancroft Library. University of Calif., 7Journal History, Mar. 29, 1848 attention.

Berkeley (Continued on page 120)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

SAM BRANNAN AN APPRECIATED GIFT ( Continued from page 119) It extolled in florid prose the wonders interests. allconsuming It It cries and prosperity of California. out ap- A

For the SoldierBOOKaway from home pealed petulantly against with convincing to the promise FerguBrother James

For the Missionary son ( a sergeantmajor of the Battalion ) prospective homemaker. There is

For the Friend faintly something in this Brother because reminiscent personally Ferguson For Father Mother and earlyday effort had received of a letter from the Samuel Brannan Twelve

STANDARDS GOSPEL to J. Grant $2.25 requesting the remainder of the Battalmake the world "California conscious."By Heber

THIS DAY—AND ALWAYS ion to return east and advising them not Perhaps it was the precedent so assiduBy Richard L. Evans 1.50 to reenlist, as contemplated. He acously followed by today's "AllYear

IN THE NET GOSPEL Dr. John A. By Widtsoe 1.25 cuses Ferguson of gross impertinence, Clubs"and chambers of commerce.

UNTO THE HILLS for after a request to examine the letSamuel Brannan was the first "CaliforBy Richard L. Evans 1.50 ter, he claims the Battalion officer inniac."

SIGNS TIMES OF THE Fielding By Joseph Smith 1.25 sulted him by declaring "that if I wished But upriver, other things were ocletter, to hear the attend the I must little curring clusters those of among.... ORDER now for let meeting, letter the he not would Battalion for laboring Captain boys THE CO. BOOKCRAFT

his get out of hands."Brannan moans 63. Salt City. P. O. Lake Utah Box destined to the Sutter—things make Please the above. checked send Books piteously "distrust"the of Twelve's "California world conscious"beyond D. Send C. O.

letters their of sending him by of imthe wildest dreams of the dynamic Sam- $ Check or money order enclosed. consulting to others portance without uel Brannan.

NAME him. He tells of his desire to erect

early of as February As and March a suitable "convention place or house"ADDRESS Sutfrom wild rumors had come meeting, the of that all members Bay 1848 Your orders will receive immediate of attention. colony might hear the preached word. ter's Fort that gold had been discovered

And almost in the same breath he acin the races of a mill which the Morcuses the brethren under him of conmon boys were building for Captain ducting a houseto-house whispering Sutter in that vicinity. At first, the

openly ridiculed such statements. his initiative against in the Star m si campaign it branded Contemptuously them "all claiming matter, "they"he intended

ever using the "convention house"facilities sham—a superb takein, as was8

only for the building up of his own got up to guzzle the gullible,"But standing with the people of San Franwhen Charles Smith, from the store at cisco. In conclusion, he longs for the Sutter's, wrote Brannan that his deday when men "will know their own pleted stocks were being paid for with

place and keep it."Evil ruled the gold flakes, Samuel decided to investiheart of Samuel Brannan, His aposgate.

tasy had begun. On April 1, 1848, the first relay of

He had utterly failed in his efforts to Brannan's overland mail dashed out of convince Brigham Young of the desirSan Francisco. Saddlebags were stuffed

ability of locating the main body of the with eastbound letters and California

Church on the Pacific slope, yet his Stars. The lusty Samuel rode with his

setback in this regard dimmed not a mail as far as Sutter's. The timing was

whit his 2eal for California. Whether right, for already the spotlight of histhe Church liked it or no, it still to him tory had shifted its beam to the Ameriwas a land of superlatives. And he can River, forty miles above the fort.

would have the world know it. AccordThere a group of Battalion boys had

ingly he laid plans to organize a regular humbly been toiling with shovels and overland mail that would link Indepicks.

pendence, Missouri, with San Frantoil this already had something From of short in the time amazingly fWl ffllk m b i mm K cisco the to destined that shake was come riders best sixty days. hired the He

from the discharged Mormon Battalion. world.

On April 1, 1848, to commemorate the (To be continued)

FREEZER FOR OR REFRIGERATOR first edition mail, of this run a special

1 cream, cup whipped Vi cup dates off the struck of the press. VI,sCaliforniap. 57 Srar, May 20, 1848, Bancroft, California. Star was

1 12 teaspoon Mapleine marshmallows

Whip cream,addMapleine,shredded dates and marshmallows in small pieces. Freeze in

refrigerator tray or pour into freezer. Pack

in ice, freeze until stiff without stirring. WHEN IT'S "NO SMOKING"IN THE ARMY

I said, trying 70) to sound page not (Continued "No,"this frosty desgrand MAKE sert—it take doesn't sugar! of a speck did do prudish. were we where we going—how[rom countered, "Well,"he you "what do threeperks Mapleine with foods up intelligence you do the on test—what fold flavor Perfect magic. desserts! for sociable?"to do be as think of soand-so an officer—and zest dishes! for main Delicious New I It to be sociable? do was do What the unobtrusively on, quite so when flavor for syrup! quick,economical Get turn to shocked. Recovering be my all around. 'pack'came a bottle grocer. ofMapleine your from out—cigarets I smiling "I quickly half replied, and thanks,"said, an answer I simply "No

that had been sufficient in a hundred always thought conversation or just geniality socito enough be was not so with the plain situations—but I able. juggle though, can If you want fighting cocks.IMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR sproutinglike three balls tennis or cartwheel."do a

"Whatsamatter?"queried a surHe looked a little sheepish and we all

prised one, "Don't you use 'em?"smiled. Later in the conversation the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

When It's "No Smoking"in the Army subject—it alwaysreturneddoes)(asandI knewthey askedit wouldme

why I didn't use 'em.

"Well, boys,"I said, "I have several reasons. I'll just give you my commonsense reason. I'm now in the army. I

don't know what is ahead of me—

fighting or working. I may have tp do a

forced march of thirty miles with a pack to save my life a few weeks from now. Mind you, I said I may—it's

happened many times already in this war. Well—only a dope would step

into a fight with one hand tied behind him. I want both of my hands—both

my ears, and eyes, and good wind. I

want all of that plus all of the fine training in the use of my gun they will give me. I want every advantage I can get.

That's the way I gamble. I intend to

come back from this mess, and I'm not letting anything I do interfere with the chances."

I thought.) hope they get my flected—(That doesn't sound prudish, I re- \lC circle. the intent I looked around

"Mmmm,"said one, eyeing his cigaret as he rolled it back and forth beGOES TO WAR ON THE HOME FRONT tween his fingers.

"Sounds solid,"mumbled another. On the production front Vico is helping to speed construction

"Well,"meditated a third, "that's and output. Tough jobs these—at steel plants, mills, factories.

Mother what was trying to tell me Twentyfour hours day... no time to lose... no time for breakonly it's words."in a man's

downs! Keep 'em rolling—digging—pounding!—And their feet idly ground on the

halfused smokes. of their glowing ash

then. It requires oil and lubricants that can stand the gaff. That's there weren't Their minds with me

They were back home with their loved why, after strenuous tests, Vico was selected as the oil for ones, and a strange light was in their motors and chassis on big government jobs in this area.

eyes.

The brilliant commander of the reThat's why Vico is the oil for your car these days. It protects

cent British successes in North Africa, your motor under the unusual conditions of today's driving

Lt. Gen. Bernard Montgomery, opened

one of his military conferences with the under all conditions. terse statements—"I do not approve of

smoking or coughing. There will be Drive in for an oil change—and all other Car Conservation

no smoking. For two minutes you may services—at this sign...

cough."Well—that is the bulk of my message

as I knowI sit herenot what.in the barracksTo those waitinginterested,for UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS

however, I can add my personal testiand Dealers in Its Products mony to those of other young Mormon soldiers. I have seen the living gospel

at work in every phase of training...

the steady hand on the rifle range—the

gruelling, heartbreaking bayonet—thetenmile hike with full field equipment alike Oil CttJbvadtivjL 1B00L course where big and little men

calisthenics doubleand fall aside—the

live the to be added to marching. time Those that

leaders. are gospel the

at night as "shipYOUR LIBRARY OF CHURCH LITERATURE barracks the And in ping orders"are coming out, the only calm, untroubled ones are those that march forward into the valley of the shadow with the serene knowledge and 3n <0Hpri Net testimony of the living God. The setting of an example is contagi- %By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

ous. "Let your light so shine,"the 141 pages $1.25

Book says, and though we Mormon men are greatly outnumbered we shall An Improvement Era publication carry that light with determination.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

TO GIRLS BEHIND THE MEN BEHIND THE GUNS

TWO NEW ( Continued from page 8 1 very essence of the fighting man's

CHURCH BOOKS pillars of our society? The old cry strength, namely, courage and faith

that "tenfold strength"of the in heart. This Day—and Always ofbrother'sCain, thekeeper"murderer,cannot"I amapplynot myto andpure

L. Richard are the Evans $1.50 you keeper who other of some these There from up must come

girl's brother. girl other That may lines love, of of of the an atmosphere Signs Times home, be with brother your now. What fidelity of purity, an atmosphere and Joseph Fielding Smith 1.25 would have you her him? do for free from contamination, free from

the apply rule. golden ORDER NOW Then

girls behind the You men behind nicotine and alcohol and lust.

THE BOOKCRAFT CO. the guns form a line of defense which From this line there will come an P. O. Box 63

Salt Lake City, Utah must not weaken. While that line unseen companion to march at his

Your orders will receive immediate holds, the front lines will remain side, ride with him in his tank or attention. impregnable. There must be no plane, be with him on his battleship.

m compromise, no going over to the The memory of that last sweet time enemy, no lowering of standards together will give him strength and no traitors in this line. fortitude and renew his faith in God.

This is not a line to be defended Yes, girls, you are called to serve, the is over heroentitled THE ADVERTISERS withairplanes;ships itandwilltanksnot beandassaultedguns andby andines willwhenbetheas numerouswar and

and Where You Will Find troops with fixed bayonets; but it is to as great credit as the heroes of the

a line constantly under fire, being atwar. Your medal of honor may not

Their Messages tacked from all directions, a line be pinned on a uniform, but it will it where difficult is sometimes tell to highest be the life's honor on won Alexandria 103 Hotel friend from lines these foe. From battlefield clean a courageous—Allis Chalmers 71 reserves come for the heart. will Himself reward God Beneficial Life Insurance Co recruits, armed but the valor. your therefront—notmust Back cover

Bookcraft 65, 119, 120, 122 Brigham Young University 103 Continental Oil Company 124 PAROWAN CHOIR (Continued from page 79) officials at meetings Crescent Paroheld two Manufacturing Comthink the physical energy pany (Mapleine) 120 would "singing wan. There the was by

to build early up an fronDeere, John 68 necessary Co Parowan Society, Harmonic who tier community to enough take up Deseret Book Company: 104 the occupied a wellput-up the stand on

Deseret News Press 126 entire time of any of these stalwarts. west side of the bowery. Their

Farquhar, A. B. C, Limited 72 But two months aifter the first singing is a credit to their leader,

concert, they were their ready with FelsNaptha Soap and Soap they bid fair to and be second to none the evenings of Chips On March 74 next. 21 in territory. the Bishop Lunt from

Globe Grain 6 Milling Company and 22, they presented a total of Cedar City, came into Parowan last 72, 99 twentytwo selections. It was at evening, with twelve wagons conGospel Net, In the -70, 121, 125 this concert that the "Orchestral taining the Cedar City choir and

Gospel Standards 65, 103, 124 Band"made its first appearance, citizens."

Hall's Canker Remedy 125 when they "executed a wellar- Here is evidence that the Cedar

Heinz, and sublime composition of 69 ranged H. J., Company choir to not going was be outdone 6

their conductor's."Hotel Temple Square 99 the society by before Parowan

KSL Inside back cover By this time also it was mainbeloved leader, Brigham Young.theirIt

L. D. S. Business College 1 19 tained that "the whole talent of the also brings to light once again the

Morning Milk Company 70 place has been formed into an Assofact that music was the chief "extraMountain Fuel Supply Company ciation, a considerable amount of curricular"activity of early MorInside front cover books and music purchased, and mon settlements.

Mountain States Implement 67 means raised for an organ which has

Old Books already 72 Wanted been ordered through Prohighlight the of memorable A

Palace Hotel 101 Calder fessor George of Salt Lake Harmonic was reached

Purity Biscuit City."Company 65 five thrilling event years later—-aSociety

Recreation in the discover the lines between Home....100 We to never forgotten be by any memBaking Royal early reports of these 101 of some Company that eviber of of musiclovers. group

Safeway Stores, Inc....123 dences of keen rivalry between the It was October conference time in

Signs of the Times 119 musical groups of neighboring com1870. The merits of the Parowan

Standard Brands of California.... 65 munities. On one occasion BrigHarmonic Society had been recogTea Garden Products 102 ham Young and a company of offinized and they had been invited by

Union Pacific Stages 99 cials from Salt Lake City journeyed Brigham Young to journey to Salt

Utah Engraving Co. 101 south to hold a series of meetings. Lake to furnish the musical selecsettlers such events, from Fire Insurance com101 At Utah Home Co tions for for the honor meetings—an for miles munities Oil Refining Utah around would 121 Company the vied various which ward choirs

Utah Power & Light Co 125 converge upon the meeting place. constantly.

13, Poultry President Utah 1865, Producers'Coop- On September out in a covered group set The erative Association of high and a group 100 Young three nearly caravan weeks Church wagon eDeseret News, March 27, 1865 (Continued on page 124)

The man who represents 25,000 U.S. sugar

beet growers tells why Americans will never go Sugar Hungry "Sugar is a concentrated energy food AmerLABOR IS "We beet growers are finding icans like and ought to have in sure supply,"PROBIEM labor supply and cost a toughMr. Sanford told me. "The amount of sugar problem. Eventually we hope

we consume shouldn't be decided by enemy to solve it with newly developed machines.

submarines. "For the present we're planting half as

"Many people don't realize that even bemuch beet seed per acre as usual, so our fore we went to war a fourth of all sugar thinning labor can cover more acreage each consumed in the U.S. came from U.S.-grown working day.We also give our fields an extra

sugar beets. Beet sugar production has doudisking and harrowing. This destroys weeds

bled in this country since 1918. Hoeing alongside so the young beet plants come up in a clean

his Mexican seed bed, and that saves labor.

ACREAGE "Here in the Arkansas workers, Mr.

to Valley say I'm sugar proud Sanford beet our sets the U.S. "Today EFFICIENT INC RE AS J NO,

in pace thinning beet are industry sugar growers can 100 our produce INDUSTRY beets growing this least at ofincreasing acreage year sugar 8 hours pounds with 25% over last. Most of the increases are on farms of man labor against 1 hours in the tropics—

that have not been producing as many beets and we pay decent American wages.

as they should. Personally I can produce more tons of "Beet sugar such as our Coloradogrown product is as

beets by continuing my present rotation, which is based sweet and pure as any sugar in the world. More and more

on years of experience. housewives are finding that out nowadays, and part of

the credit belongs to good merchandisers like Safeway.

ROTATION "Each year I plant one field in alfalfa "Safeway stores in the beetgrowing areas, I've nofield of alfalfa. In plow up one feature beet sugar. the ticed, always with restricted Even PROGRAM and

field cantaare planted plowed newly sales, the ration, due to the is broadening Safewayloupes or corn followed the next year with beets—market for our beet sugar. And we beet growers have

thenyear—onions,and thenvine cropsI seed orthebeansfield backbeetstoagainalfalfatheorfourthsmall supportoften beenSafewayhelped providesout of a fortightourspotcompanionby the marketingproducts

grains. Sugar beets are a cash crop that fits nicely into such as lamb."

soilbuilding rotation.

"We buy range lambs in the fall and fatten them on ABOUT THIS SERIES: My interviews aim to pass along experiences

beet tops, beet pulp, discard molasses, as well as hay and of good farmers in production and marketing. I tell you exactly

grain we produce. This marketing of our beet bywhat growers tell me and they OK the final type proof, just as

products through livestock has proved profitable. you read it here. I think these farmers deserve our thanks.

Your Safeway Farm Reporter THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

Parowan Choir

(Continued from page 122) before the conference. The twohundred-andfifty mile journey was

a real undertaking in those days, the caravan averaging about twenty miles a day.

It so happened that when they arrived in Salt Lake the Chief Commander of the United States Army *** wasThis spendingofficial wasa fewnonedaysotherin thanthe city.the

**&**. famous General William Tecumseh

Sherman, hero of the Union army *?$&** forces in the Civil War. At the

$V< & the east after an extended trip of \ o* )\e-dbW'time, he was en route to his home in &soAS**?jS*a* inspection in the Pacific coast area.

Sherman's famous March to the Sea had made him a national hero, and his attentions were solicited on all sides wherever he made his way.

Whitney, in his History of Utah, \ tells how the eminent soldier, accompanied by his daughter, and by

General Schofield, and other military officers, registered at the Towndo 0CEV\iot to send House, present site of the Hotel

Utah, and during their stay had a very sociable interview with PresiS3*** dent and other Young Church lead- '.et 8-Ia e office. at ers the President's

v*ct*v5 /\NE evening the townspeople gathioX - >co frcveit>r>to we ered outside the general's hotel, clamoring for a view of their idol.

The warworn veteran had been serenaded the same evening by the

Camp Douglas Band, but in spite of tfve 1 all this he had declined to put in an tfv** appearance and address the throng.

The Deseret News for October 4, 1870, gives an enlightening account of what followed:

An hour later, after, the throng had dispersed to a small degree, the members of the Parowan choir, who are in to attend the Conference, made their appearance and sang two or three pieces, which were followed by cries of "Sherman,""Speech."

This was followed by a call for "Hard

Times, Come Again No More,"which was very effectively rendered by the choir.

General Sherman then made his appearance, and in a few wellchosen words acknowledged the compliment paid -him by the singers. 7

That the hero of the March to the deeply is evident Sea was touched "RELIGION FOR THE MODERN WORLD"his to the choir: by words "THE CHURCH AND SOCIETY"dress myself not to the rabble,"I adbut

"THE MINISTRY OF HEBER J. GRANT"to this little band of singers who, I

"STORIES FROM LIFE"understand, have traveled by team

Sections like these make and wagon two hundred and fifty miles to sing at their Church conference.

far as it is in my power, I GOSPELa notable additionSTANDARDSto Church Literature "So 384 pages $2.25 promise them that 'hard times shall

An Improvement Era publication come again no more'to this people."

mid.. October 4, 1870

):.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

PAROWAN CHOIR These words were especially sigcomplish with their sweet, sincere nificant to these Mormon pioneers, singing.

for surely they, above all others, The records show that southernhad experienced more than their Utah became wellknown for splenYou're share of "hard times"as they had did music festivals in the late ninebeen driven from state to state. ties through the united efforts of the

General Sherman stated further heads of music in southern Utah a intend notthat of Parohe did to make Durham towns—Thomas.. singers Beaver, Bickley ofspeech. heard the wan, had William G. He LUCKY

were from Parowan; he did not know Joseph Coslett of Cedar City, John

Parowan, had only seen it on a map. McFarlane of St. George and David

He was gratified to behold the beauEdward of Paragonah. if you4 have

tiful the people, while which homes the experiences Such were of the an Electric difficultiesfacing trials of and Harmonic the Parowan Society. Morein kind,severest had built up the over, they were the experiences of Kitchen now! "his sincere wishdesert, and was similar in all parts of organizations

that they might live to enjoy them."'Mormondom. The incidents here

The clamorings and pleadings of mentioned seem quite unimportant a throng, plus the serenading of one and as trifles in today's hurried exof Uncle Sam's military bands had istence, but in those early pioneer failed to impress the general. What days, they made life more abundant You're Wise

they had failed to do, the Parowan for a people who felt a need and had

Mormon choir had been able to ac- a desire strong enough to fill that s]ournal History, October 4, 1870 need. if you plan

to get one TIMBER FOR THE NAUVOO TEMPLE ( Continued from page 77 from the historian of the Church when the war

Nauvoo. They were prevailed upon of the Latterday Saints, and is as

to ferry the wagons, horses, and follows ends!

men across while the cattle swam."November 19. 1935

In the Magazine of History, Vol. Mr. F. W. Draper,

Ill, No. 2, December, 1919—an Loyal, Wis.

article written by James H. McDear Sir:

Manus, "A Forgotten Trail,"gingYouroperationsletter of ofinquirycitizensregardingof Nauvoo,the logIlli- speaking of Brunson's trail, pages nois, in Wisconsin in the early forties has 142143: "Upon reaching the falls been referred to this office and I take pleas-

( Black River Falls ) the party found ure in sending you the following notes on a company of Mormons operating the"Octobersubject culled5, 1840,fromAlpheusour records:Cutler, Eliasa sawmill getting out lumber for their Higbee, and Reynolds Cahoon were apBUY WAR BONDS

colony at Nauvoo, Illinois. This pointed to superintend the construction of

was the white man's outpost on the Nauvoo temple."Utah PowerBlack River at this time. Wight,"JanuaryJohn19,Snider,1841, Georgeand PeterMiller,HawsLymanwere

"On the other side, about ten designated as building committee for erectmiles above the falls, the river ing the Nauvoo House."

emerges from what at that time was tiesPursuantof the L.toD.instructionsS. Church,fromAlpheusthe authoriCutler

the southern boundary of the Wisand Peter Haws left Nauvoo September Light Co* consin Forest tract, in which it has 25, 1841, for the pineries of Wisconsin to its source and in which it flows to get timber for building the Nauvoo Temple the head of what is known as the andtook thethe NauvoofollowingHouse.companyWithof themworkers:they

Mormon Riffles, a twomile reach Tarlton Lewis, Jabez Durfee, Hardin Wilof 'white water'confined within high son, William L. Cutler, Horace Owens, Octavius Pauket, B. Blakely Anderson, Jameswalls oldest rocks, of the just below FIFTY For OVER YEARS IPSE Flack, Child, Peter Nathaniel Conover. and village of Hatfield,the present of Aids in treatment Canker, also simple now Child's daughter wife and accompanied

the site of a great power plant. It this expedition. sore throat, and other minor mouth

the the in winter people spent These at this place and havemust been pine and throat irritations.

toiling country, diligently together and maktheir that cutabove, the Mormons ing progress, suffered they although good their floated tologs them and down rigors greatly the of the from northernmill at the Falls. That act is comclimate and lack of adequate provisioning. Hall's Canker Remedy

memorated and their sect perpetuThe following July they succeeded in bring536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah

the ing to Mississippi large a down Nauvooated the to the given long by name raft of pine lumber. goodstretch of swift water."raft feet containing 90,000 of boards A Norway's From I will a the foregoing feet add of cubic in and logs arrived 24,000 To follow a great woman'sfjords to Utah'squest lorprairies,truth.

letter confirming the foregoing acNauvoo from Wisconsin October 13th, 1842. GOSPEL THE NET I source anothercount which from m April 23, 1843, for Peter called Haws A. Widtsoe By Dr. John will interestthink of general be and twentyfive to to the 141 hands go with him pages

of a historical value, written as it is {Concluded on page 127) $1.25

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

SOLUTION TO JANUARY PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Shepherds

And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field."—Luke 2:8

asggaascg m,**, mmim + t*mmmmmi

vi/edding HORIZONTAL

..., 4 39 but thine, "not "Son of man hath power on... to forgive sins"Luke 22:42 be done"myinvitations 2 "flowers appear... the earth"S. of S. 2:12 36 "know how to give... gifts"Matt. 7:11 9:6 Matt. "..., it shall 7:7 40 and be given you"Matt.

8 "Lord God of... was with him"2 Sam. 5:10 41 Indian plant

ana 112 Lava"which shall.. to all people"Luke 2:10 43 2-A5"Let us now... even unto Bethlehem"Luke

13 Hebrew deity 44 Fifth month of Hebrew year

note of Second the Son man of scale 47 "ForAnnouncements 1814 "they were sore Luke 2:9 46 North Carolina

is lost"that which Lukeis come19:10to seek and to... animals 19 Household

21 Plural of suffix denoting person or agent 49 Part of the day of the angel 50 Lord upon came "And, to serve tear 22 To are prepared We., 2:9the Luke. them"

12:8 of Gen. 23 Benjamin City

51 pi.) (Heraldry; Gold the bride with the modem 10:34 to earth"Matt. 24 send on come "am...

53 Fourscore cuckoo 25 Tropical American stawedding smartest "... if fish, will a give ask he a serpent"he him 55... after sins"103:10 our Ps. us not 26 hath with "He 7:10 Matt.

... this shall a 2:12 unto be.. 27 Luke you". "And obtainable tionery

... are ever 25:15 the Ps. 56 "eyes Lord"I 1:8 friend of 28 Kings David A

fully aware that her cho30 Heritable land 57 Plural noun ending. the.. angelswould ispraise2, 4, the24, Lord"36, 39,Ps.56,107:8and sen one may be in the 3332 Son"suddenlyof Jacobthere was with the... a multitude of 58 "OhSayingthatof

service of his country with the heavenly host"Luke 2:13 58 combined

a minimum of time at his disposal for a wedding. VERTICAL

1 "And the... returned, glorifying and praising 31 "written in the. of the Lord"Luke 2:23

Prompt, courteous attenGod"Luke 2:20 34 "rain was upon the earth forty days and forty

2 Bone..."Gen. 7:12

tion to all orders. Call in 3 New Testament 35 "... to God in the highest"Luke 2:14

person or write. 65 Tot"to... up children unto Abraham"Luke 3:8 3738 KingIndorsementsof Judah and Israel

7 "... watch over their flock by night"Luke 2:8 40 Topmost, a combining form

9 Trees of olive family 42 "greaves of brass upon his...s"I Sam. 17:6

tidings"12... you "I good Luke "unto you is 2:10 45The Deseret News Press 10 South America 44 "brought a mixture of myrrh and...s John 19:39

.. a Saviour"2:8 15 in the Luke... 2:11this day in the city of David, "abiding."Luke

16 Lariat (Sp.) said angel unto them, Fear..."Luke 2:10 46 "the Street 29 Richards

17 a circle Part of air, to Relation 48 form a combining... angel brought good The Salt Utah 20 Lake City, 52 Southwest for 22 loom (Scot.) Instrument yarn evening on

. 29 Each Matt. 12:30agssass m m m m m 24 Old Italian coin 54 "... that is not with me is against me"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1943

TIMBER FOR THE NAUVOO TEMPLE (Concluded from page 125) "Black River Falls, February 15, 1844. delegations to the branch at Black

pine for the country to the get lumber the First Presidency and Quorum Nauvoo To toHouse. unable of the of Christ River Falls asking for missionaries was Twelve accompany of the Church Jesus Haws

these men to Wisconsin, however, for the of the Latterday Saints: to come and preach to them. The

next day he was called to go into Alabama "Dear Brethren: Through the goodness Chippewas brought gifts of wamand Mississippi on a mission to collect funds and mercy of God, the Eternal Father, and pum in token of their peaceful intento continue building the of the of grace our Savior, and the Temple Lord and Jesus

the Christ, are House. on permitted this mission to write While Nauvoo send tions, and the Saints in return had and we

he was joined by George Miller [not to be by a special messenger, a concise account given the Indians an ox and half a confused with Bishop George Miller]. They of our lumbering operations, together with barrel of flour to keep them from

returned the their the to of apparent collections prospects with introduction Nauvoo starving. Wight desired instrucof the of spread year. the gospelOctober and 27 same the ChipBishop among George

[sic]Miller arrived Indians, at sunrise at and tions. pewa and Menomanee Nauvoo May

12, 1843, with a raft of pine lumber from also the projects of our hearts in regard to Joseph Smith returned the mesBlack River. He reported that the snow future operations in spreading the gospel sengers with the advice that since

feet onehalf in all and thewas two of deep at Black south extent the America, and on Wight the ground was he must the FallsRiver previous winter. all consequences out of the same, growing use his judgment as to the adown to of which leave for submit beg your we

The following is copied from a consideration. visability of undertaking a missionletter written by Willard Richards "Laboring under many clogs and hinary work among the Indians and

drances, to able have been accomplish we the authoritiesto at Nauvoo would Brigham Young, dated July 18, in progress, and have so can that we deliver back up his decision.1843: in feet million about one of lumber Nauvoo

"Evening. Bishop Miller arrived with by the last of July next, which will be a From Joseph Smith's Journal un157,000 feet of lumber and 78,000 shingles. great deal more than what is necessary to der date of March 4th, 1844:

all that in says sawed two weeksHe build the the Temple and House; Nauvoo in "George Coray said and came that he

in brought that more;and two all this, downit was says besides valuable have made we sent imwas to by Lyman get sheep, Wight

all thehe has mills claims brought those all on here, results provements the of labor etc., to to the carry pine country, to receipt

for in.. $12,000 mills at payable lumber the trying done under circumstances. it, for or agree to lumber."pay

in is three years; onethird already paid Indians willing to sell are.privileges "The

for. Two saws did this job; chance for as to individuals for lumbering and cutting From the journal history of the

many mills as they have a mind to build, timber, as they have hitherto done; but the Church

and every saw can run 5,000 feet per day, agent is opposed to it. Thus a difficulty

the year around. The two saws now runarises among themselves. May 8th, 1844, Bishop Miller arrived in

ning can deliver 157,000 feet every fort- "Now as regards the introduction of the Nauvoo from the pinery.

night; all that is wanting is hands. I undergospel of Christ among the Indians here, May 1st, 1844, Lyman Wight and George

stand the Maid of Iowa starts for Black it will require more exertion to all appearMiller arrived in Nauvoo from the pine

River Thursday."ances, to check the enthusiastic ardor of country in Wisconsin. A few days later

Miller, a Brigadier in General these the Nauuntil red full brethren our the entries Further from the journal Legion, prinvoo presided at a court martial in ciples faith in of and our Lord Savior Jesushistory of the Church: which Wilson R. D. Foster Law and were shall Christ be their into reasoned minds,

July 20, 1843, Joseph Smith furnished than to urge them on to receive it. They cashiered.

Bishop Miller $290 for the expedition to have great confidence in us. Soon thereafter Wight was sent into

the pinery. "The country belonging to these northern Maryland and Miller to Kentucky to elecJuly 21, 1843, the Maid of Iowa, a steamIndians is a dreary, cold region and to a tioneer for Joseph Smith's candidacy for the

boat owned jointly by Joseph Smith and its great extent cranberry marshes, pine barpresidency of the United States.

captain, Dan Jones, left Nauvoo for Wisrens, and swamps with a small amount of July 5th, 1844, a raft containing 87,732 consin. On board were Apostle Lyman good land, scarce of game, and only valufeet of pine lumber was landed at Nauvoo.

Wight and Bishop George Miller and a able in mill privileges and facilities for Shortly after, another of 57,952 feet was large company of men with their families lumbering purposes. received.

bound for the pinery on Black River. Bishop "As to mineral resources they have not

George Miller returned to Nauvoo from been fully developed. There is no doubl This concludes my search into the

the pinery 1843. re23, September of iron an ore, abundance but uncertain He history of the logging operations of

..."ported to quality. Black the that as River brethren so low the Mormons in the present limits float their raftcouldn't of into lumber down 30, brothers, 1844, pEBRUARY two of Clark and Jackson Counties [anthe Mississippi.

Mitchell and Stephen Curtis, arincidental history quite forgotten in '"Phe following letter from Lyman rived in Nauvoo, having been sent the allabsorbing drama of the exoWight and others was read at a from the pineries by Lyman Wight dus of the Latterday Saints from meeting at Nauvoo, Sunday, March to tell Joseph Smith that the MenoNauvoo which followed so soon 10, 1844: monie and Chippewa Indians sent after.]

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 97) There are two kinds of angels in heaven, will not move, because it is contrary to the

Angels, are resurrected perwho order of for heaven just a to deceive; man tonothing drains them do with their namely:sonages, of flesh having bodies and bones still will but he deliver his message.strength. are mortally afraid They said: For instance, Jesus it If Handle and the be devil me as angel of light, an when

of the power of the Priesthood. The see, for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, you ask him to shake hands he will offer

command, "get thee behind me,"as ye see me have. you his hand, and you will not feel anycoupled with righteous living, is Secondly: The spirits of just men made thing; you may therefore detect him.

sufficient to drive them away. Yet, inheritperfect, thetheysamewhoglory.are not resurrected, but mayTheseknoware whetherthree grandanykeysadministrationwhereby youis

alwaysone against must be on guard 129:1-9). God (D. & C. messenger saying comes he has from When a

in of temptation formsnew which a message from offer him God, hand your Deceit is the mark of evil. Even

these messengers from evil and with and request him to shake hands with you. if the evil messenger does not apevil to offer transient If appear will an he be he angel may do so, and you pear in person, in the but of form

feel will his hand.satisfactions. temptation, is the test the same. ComIf the spirit just of he a be made man for recognizing keys Three mesoffering pare the the with principles will in perfect his he is glory; for that come

sengers out of the unseen world were the only way he can appear of truth. The sure sign of Satan

A. W.given by the Prophet Joseph Smith: Ask him to shake hands with you, but he will then appear.—/.

LET'S QUOTE IT CORRECTLY SLIGHT ERRORmumpmaimonus

Whenever Civil War General William Tecumseh Sherman Mrs. Jones was spending a day in bed with a severe cold,

is mentioned, the quotation "War is hell"comes to mind. while her husband was working in the back yard, hammering

Actually he said in an 1800 address: "There's many a boy'nails into some boards. Presently, his neighbor came over.

here today who looks on war as all glory, but boys, it is all hell. Neighbor: "How is your wife!"

Jones: "Not very well."

PROOFING THE PROOFREADER Neighbor:Jones: "No,"Isyouthatfathead,her coughin'?"it's a hen house."

left the the of linotype keyextreme of keys at two rows The sets that are, CAUGHT! for the (the machine board type magazine)

the respectively. bottom, top to etaoin, from shrdlu and Often tell Teacher: us "Jones, built the can you Sphinx?"who

fills line spoiled these, the operator a with sometimes and up sir, Jones: did I've forgotten."but "I—I

fails line. the to proofreader "pied"remove cry the Witness Teacher: living only "How man who ever unfortunate—theknow, of shrdlu,"shrdlu "etaoin shouted or a drowning who man forgotten."the knew, has and he

judge who was made to sentence a prisoner to "etaoin etaoin shrdlu shrdlu"for ten years! NOTHING UNUSUAL

editorial the staffs printing both and Members of of The disJudge: "'Now, sir, please tell the court exactly what passed errors, for to they are avoid such want Improvement Era

astrous as often as they are amusing. (Imagine calling "Brothbetween you and your wife during the quarrel."

Defendant: "A flatiron, a rolling pin, six plates, and a to Soand-so!") er Soand-so"them "Bother To stimulate

teakettle."the reliable source endeavor, highest and to help make the Era

it desires invited to be, are readers to of information report NO WAY TO LISTEN issue. the first reader errors in the current typographical any To

reporting each error will go a copy of Gospel Standards, recent "But, my dear,"bleated the poor little henpecked husband,

Improvement Era publication enjoying wide reception. A "what have I done now? You've been talking for half an hour,

reader reporting more than one error is eligible for but one and I haven't said a word."

award, making wider distribution of the prizes possible. "No,"snapped his wife, "you haven't said anything, but

To overcome handicap of the distance the Era has to travel you've been listening in a most aggravating manner, and I'm when mailed to subscribers in various parts of the country, not going to stand for it."

contest several areas awards been designated, have to go to the NOW I LAY ME "firsts"area: Eastern Eastern from each States and Canada,

States, Pacific Intermountain, and States, Central Southern FOR folding bed, by a lady that shuts up and SALE—A City (served first through and Salt Lake Western Canada, like looks a piano.

city delivery).

to Editors, postcard Era, Improvement Address a penny

St., will NEW YORK'S "STAKE DOOR CANTEEN"City, Postmark Utah. 50 Salt Lake North Main

determine time of reporting. Indicate plainly the word or line "VTow there was a party! It was kept on a strictly armedin error, found, whether which and page on all four hall the floors of were plastered with

for the bottom. right or is fun column, top Here left,family—maymiddle or literally*l forcesdozenstheme:of posters of war possible every description.

they heed while they read! Pilgrim Hall was our Reception Center and the Post Exchange

was in the North and South Parlors... the Priesthood comADDENDUM: "MEAT AS HUMAN FOOD"mittees manned a Navy booth, the Primary had a Coast Guard

lighthouse, the Welfare and Genealogical groups used the make grateful acknowledgement to the following pubUnited Nations theme... the Relief Society organized an WE lishers for having been permitted to use the authoritative OCD of their own which they called the Office of Cake Distrireferences and quotations cited in the article "Meat as Human bution, complete with Coordinators of everything under the

Food,"by Leah D. Widtsoe, which appeared in The Improve sun, including a Crumb Coordinator... the SKYLINE had a

ment Era for January, 1943, pp. 14, 15, 54ff.: post office booth and a blue velvet bulletin board with all the

it Co., and Funk New Wag nail York, for How to Live, by names... andof oneyou ofmenthe incrowningthe serviceachievementsand availableof theaddressesevening onwas Fisher Irving Emerson. and Haven

Houghton Mifflin Co., Boston, for Nutrition, by Margaret S. the Sunday School's tank.... Honest, it would have made

Chaney and Margaret Ahlborn. the Armed Forces jealous. Out of one side they dispensed

McBride and Co., for Drugs Against Men, by Henry Smith punch so good that you almost, but not quite, forgave their

Williams. "tanks a million"after every purchase. In the chapel, the

McCollum, E. V., and J. Ernestine Becker, authors and pubward and branch Mutuals gave forth with hilarious enterlishers, for Food, Nutrition, and Health. tainment and had everything from Westchester's unforgettable

Macmillan Co., New York, for Chemistry of Food and iVu- "Little Purple Pansies"to a glorified version of the quartette

trition and Food and Health, by Henry C. Sherman; from "Rigoletto"rendered (meaning "to tear apart") by the

Feeding the Family, by Mary Swartz Rose; The Newer Queens gang. Afterwards... square dancing in the gym

Knowledge of Nutrition, by E. V. McCollum; Nutrition with Nell Partridge on hand to keep things lively.

and Physical Fitness, by Jean Bogert. For admission, everybody brought scrap metal of some sort, Nisbet and Co., Ltd., London, for Food and the Family, by mostly tin cans—and thereby hangs a tale: Well, the city is

V. H. Mottram. supposed to send around a truck for the collection of this scrap,

Williams and Wilkin. Baltimore, for Nutrition, by Walter H. but at the particular time this event took place, the mayor was

Eddy. having a little scrap of his own with the Federal Government

<> onthe thiscitywholerefusedcollectionto collectbusiness,any morethe upshotscrap. of Sowhichlikewisewas thatdid

said the Department collection scrap was of Sanitation—they Boise, Idaho

of their province. out a Well... there were stuck with we

tin it sizable of cans chunk hands, on our for a time I sold and is indispensable home. in our Improvement Era The those of looked like one dilemmas. Pat, But remember do you will season a lot of them last homes and know that many

have benefited greatly if they read the splendid issues regularly. the janitor? Pat, with typical Irish practicality, refused to

I sincerely hope nothing interferes with the publication of this be stumped and he figured it out that if he put out three squashed inspirational periodical. tin cans (the maximum number of cans the Sanitation DepartSincerely yours. ment would collect) on top of the. garbage cans every single

day, he would exhaust our supply sometime before September

Bert H. Opheikens 16, 1943....(From the Skyline, New York Stake bulletin).

2 FRED ALLEN Sunday—7:30PM"Texaco Star Theatre"

3 Tuesday—7:00PMBURNS & ALLEN

4 CONRAD NAGEL "Radio Readers'Digest"Sunday—7:00PM

5 "COL. STOOPNAGLE'S

STOOPEROOS"Sunday—11:45AM

6 JESSICA DRAGONNETTE "Saturday Night Serenade"Saturday—7:45 PM

7 ADVENTURES OF THE THIN MAN'Friday—6:30PM

S CECIL B. DeMILLE

"LuxMonday—7:00PMRadio Theatre"

9 DEEMS TAYLOR "The Family Hour"'Sunday—3:00 PM

10 KATE SMITH Friday—6:00PMMTWTF—10:00AM

hf#PROVMENfcER; fur.";...::-. -.-:-.'

qstKe: guarateeI)'

AXE C-lgJ Y. UTAH. *'

\ zxznz JDsau

Soft mounds of newfallen snow cea! a 11 the. ug ii i less *; sjn: **!**?

foreign fIwk-; *fef "'.frtl

fhls scene of pfedrf fas Qfll

insurance worries whl into the confident ihe fear o

m >:: < % -J

*"'*. *

*$fp

: -,-c

IM ft H lANe 1 J|fylOlPAMY 3ER J: GRANT, pi