/HmprooementEra

:K..

.#'*,,,

mm

OCTOBER, 1941 RETURN POSTAGE SUMTAJJTEED SALT LAKE CITY, U

I Why America is eating more "grass"

TO UTAH FARMERS

A SPARAGUS was "grass"to everyone I met with in x\ the fertile Delta lands of the San Joaquin and

Sacramento Rivers. Here in this "land of dikes,"near

Stockton, Jack Klein started planting asparagus in 1930. Now he operates 3500 acres of asparagus—often

ships 5000 35pound crates of fresh "grass"daily. Mr.

Klein is a director of the California Asparagus Association, a farm cooperative that acts as a service organization for the industry; and a farmerrepresentative

on the Asparagus Prorate Board.

"I gambled my future on San Joaquin River grass,"

Jack Klein told me, "and I started in tough times. By

—1932waytheunderpricemyof productioncanning asparaguscost. Finallywas V>faiwe asparagusa pound

growers got a State Prorate Law plus a State Marketing Order which eliminated all #2 asparagus from canning. The Prorate provided for the size of the pack of

# 1 grass. Then in 1939 Safeway began buying direct

from the growers here and expanding our distribution.

"The trouble had been that grass was being sent only to the big terminal markets such as San Francisco, New

York, Chicago, Boston and Philadelphia. Smaller markets got only small lots by express, and at high cost.

Naturally we growers suffered because our fresh grass is Klein's the a race sun withPicking asparagus Jack on usually brings per a lot more pound canning than aspardaily field harvest picked during be mustranches. Each agus. first Safeway shipped the straight car of asparagus

! it grass not believe orperiod grows—the because—ever shipped this area to from such as Dallas markets weather. in of "What's as hours 24as 6 inches warm much

even more amazing is that stalks keep on growing up to and Oklahoma City.

after crates they're in inches on their2 and more even "I've checked market returns carefully and I know above, the photo see in to market. can As youway my

pickers use a special cutting tool which slices the stalks 3 the fresh grass market has been increasing every season or 4 inches underground. Asparagus for shipping fresh is since 1939. That's due to better distribution through

cut about 9 inches long; canning asparagus about 7 inches such chain stores as Safeway. Canned asparagus, too,

is in better shape today because Safeway has helped us get a bigger market."

YOUR SAFEWAY FARM REPORTER

"All during the fresh grass harvest season,"Jack Klein told me, "Safeway keeps a buyer right here in the Delta lands. He buys daily in carload lots,

and sends the grass off to Safeway stores so customers get it fresh. Last

year Safeway bought about 100,000 \\ the packing shed I saw asparagus washed, graded, crates from me. We ship fresh grass

and packed tightly into crates. "We don't bunch and tie as long as the market is good, starting

any more,"Jack Klein told me. "These operations are in February. Usually by April first the

expensive and bunching tends to limit consumer buying. canning season has started. We keep

When dealers break bunches, as they often do, the cost picking until about the middle of of bunching is wasted anyway. There's a definite swing June, when the canneries shut down."

on now to what's known as the loose, heavy pack—the About 98% of all the white asparagus

kind we're using here. Safeway likes the loose pack as canned in this country comes from

it means a saving for their customers. You see, only 30 these Delta lands. Asparagus is green

pounds of bunched in the open grown—12 when field—white

ofbunches the sunlight by from when shut away iy2 poundsgrasseach.are packedThe loosein apackcrateweighs

around 35 pounds and costs no more"mounds of soil

You can get a.V DICTIONARY

too, tor only a dime I 9b By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. a That's all a dime and a coupon

Plants recovering from certain virus 1 (orHONEYbox BEEtop) GRAHAMSfrom a packageby Purityof diseases have been found to have i brings you Webster's Practicalacquired an immunity. e Illustrated Dictionary... a big 375

4 page desksize volume containing

Veast cells dying of mechanical invt now1940 bycensusmailingfigures.couponGetbelow.yours

jury release a substance which helps their surviving neighbors to grow and multiply at a faster rate. pysa

At various times and places the foot ** has represented lengths varying 1 from eleven to fourteen inches. mw GRAHAMS

'T'he surface area of the lungs has been estimated nearly to be two thouplat. o *** ""-J, are the Waal that square feet,sand intestines of the

fifty square feet and the area of the red 6)4 ozs.

corpuscles of the blood to be nearly 1 lb.

threequarters of an acre. 2 lbs. vour children.>

'TThen England was expecting invavv sion by Spain in the prearmada PURITY BISCUIT CO., Salt Lake City, Utah

years of 1585 and 1586, propagandist Gentlemen: Enclosed find 10c plus coupon from package of Honey Bee Grahams. Please send Webster's

poetry was written to combat "fifthPractical Illustrated Dictionary.

column"activities centering around

Mary, Queen of Scots. A series of Address—

sixteenpage pamphlets of Latin poetry were issued by the Oxford University

Press to sustain national morale by their wide distribution.4——

HThe sea level on the Australian side of the equatorial belt is two feet higher than the American side of the

Pacific Ocean. This gives rise to an

eastward current along the equator of two knots instead of the seven knots it would go if there were no friction.

A ncient and modern solutions to the ** problem of stopping itching insect bites have been found effective. Carbon tetrachloride, and, even better,

effective.chloroform are very The—Travel by SUPERCOACH relief withancient Egyptians found

onion juice and salt, or garlic and salt. and Help NATIONAL DEFENSE

million Bibles 1939, over were twoTn longer! car last your Make

States, the* published United tires, parts, and wear over BUY Save million published tear.a thrifty Testaments PaUnion Newin by Go

separately, and over three million adDEFENSE cific bus on every outof-town trip and keep car your in good ofditional consisting parts of volumes BONDS for the shape times you when all total Bible.the of kinds of The

it most. need You'll help save THE WITH published hunbooks one numbered

vital defense materials, too. SAVED DOLLARS million, eightydred of school which TRAVELING is the cost tar And less than BY BUS contributed seventythreetext-books driving!

million, fiction thirteen million, and scientific and technological three and SEE YOUR LOCAL BUS AGENT FOR. COMPLETE INFORMATIONa halfmillion volumes.

/ATS and dogs hear best at a higher sound frequency than man, and they union pacific stages can hear higher notes, but a rat can hear higher still.

(Concluded on page 580) /MmprouemenMira (bo IDIL JilWW- "The Glory of God is Intelligence"What will help you to achieve success? 579

Grant, J. Heber the world's largest airplane What 1941OCTOBER, Widtsoe, John A. weighs? 580 10 44 NUMBERVOLUME Editors

Richard L. Evans,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor How to determine what sin is? 582

Marba C. Josephson,

QUORUMS, PRIESTHOODOFFICIAL OF THE ORGAN Associate follow the inspiraDEPART- ASSOCIATIONS, should we IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL Editor Why Morris, Mgr. General George Q. COMMITTEE, MUSIC EDUCATION, OFMENT 585 tion of our leaders?.Associate Mgr. Cannon, G. WARD Lucy OF THE CHURCH AGENCIES OTHER ANDTEACHERS, Business Orton, K. Mgr. J. SAINTS. LATTERDAY OF CHRISTOF JESUS

How the Doctrine and Covenants to its present form? 586

JobJjL d ConismiA. came

What draftees think about drinking in camps? 591

Response.Heber J. Grant 585 How President Lorenzo Snow was

(fkuAck. JsxrfWlBA, saved from drowning? 593

The Doctrine and Covenants John W. Fitzgerald 586 Who are conceded to be the most

Mormonism and an Ideal Society Eldin Ricks 588 courageous emigrants of all

Cycle C. Peacock 590 time? 595

Thou Shalt Have Long Life LeRoi C. Snow 592

Evidences and Reconciliations XLIL What is a Liberal Who settled Koosharem? -596

Religion? John A. Widtsoe 609

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir Aaronic 619 Where Mt. Pisgah is, and for what

at the Hollywood Bowl, Verna Ward Teaching..621 noted? 597

M. Phillips 581 No TobaccoLiquor

616, 620, 621 Said, Compiled Brigham Young new stake was recently creWhat Genealogical 582 Genealogy: Hale Q. A591, By Heber 602 ated? the Northern "Crusade"in Pisgah, to Visit Mt. Leo J.

Muir 597 States Mission, Leo J. Muir....622

600 Music L. Zobell, Albert Jr Brevities, dates for October conthe 623 When 624 of Education Department 602 Church Moves On 608 are? ference

Executives. 625 Mutual Messages: Committee, H. A. Regimental

Lee 606 M MenGleaners 626 Priesthood: Melchizedek 616 Explorers 627 Whether or not your religion is

Field Photos 625, 626, 627 liberal? 609

new chapels have been dedi591 What Allen Thomas in Camp, Too....Nettie Can Say You No 603 cated? Heath 594 Winifred Telescope of the The Story

Saga of the Handcart Pioneers.. John Sherman Walker 595

Exploring the Universe, Frankica, William and Dewey lin S. Harris, Jr 577 Farnsworth - 600 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

"I Should Worry,"Jack Sears..579 Peaceful Cumorah 606 OFFICES:

the Book Rack Telefacts 580 On Utah. Street, Salt Lake City, Main 50 North "So Homing: Cast Not the Old Aside, Pearl Inc., a CorFunds. Mutual 1941, by You're My Son,"..607 Copyright

Spencer 583 Theodore R. Martin 610 poration of the Young Men's Mutual ImproveJesus Christ Church of Association ment of the Corner, Barbara B. Cooks'Ruins, Charles E. DibChiapas

reserved. rights SubSaints. All of Latterday 61 Burnett ble 599 in advance: year, $2.00 scription price, a Ten Commandments for TeachHandy Hints 612 single copy. 20c

ers, Hector Lee 599 Gustaf Adolf Male Chorus... 628 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

for matter. Acceptance secondclass as 636 Utah, to Advertisers Looking Back at Ancient AmerIndex provided postage special rate of at mailing and Ours 640 Your Page of 1917, October. 1103, section for in Act

fidtttfriolA, authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible

Conference Announcements 608 fortributions.unsolicitedAll manuscriptsmanuscripts,mustbut bewelcomesaccompaniedconThe Dangerous Slumber of Indifference, Richard L. Evans.... 608 by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

NATIONAL ADVERTISING SiOiiSA., (pJDSdAl, (?A0A&IV(flcL (pjUjjliL REPRESENTATIVES

Justice James P. Sharp 589 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

"The Mother of Grass Valley"Reed Brown 596 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Tangible Payment George Petrick 598 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Frontispiece: The Sun Leans Desert Graces, Gertrude P. CIRCULATIONS

Southward, Edna S. Dustin....584 Stanton 632

Poetry Page 601 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 638

J/UL fov&A.

This welcome sign on Temple Square speaks its message to the members of the A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY Church and to the stranger who comes among us—at times of conference, and throughout the year. The photograph is by Jeano Orlando. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

//, // ing, and investigated. Imagine his

'9 surprise when he entered the store to Should Wovuf find those two men perched high upon

By JACK SEARS a ladder still taking inventory. "Well,

boys,"said he, "have you had your big mercantile house had taken dinner? Why are you working so late?"

over the stock of a merchant who "Well,"answered one of them, "we business. quitting manThe was this get to anxious very were you knewA clean, firm vigorous put ager the of two as posas soon here from stock away inventory taking to young work men did that you sible; say heard you we

it of the to headbefore stock moving rent month's another to not wish pay inleft these quarters. manager The building."on this structions, "You young men are to work

until six p. m., and when you leave, "You boys are made of the right

put out the lights, lock the doors, and stuff. I am convinced you will develop

report at eight a. m. tomorrow morninto splendid and trustworthy business

ing. When you have finished with the men—the kind of men we are looking

inventory, bring it to me at my office."for. Your reward for these few freely

At nine o'clock contributed hours of overtime will be a the same evening, permanent position at the big store. Just a few days ago I stepped into an

the manager, in When you have finished this checkup, elevator in a modern building. The

tell store to the and Mr. Hyrum go up store the passing indifferent of very operator a man was

regular as - to I said on be put were you acof newly to attitude. a boy about him was Next

quired stock, saw employees in the best positions possible. sixteen years old. He was a messenger,

the lights burnIf you ever wish to consult me in regard boy, clean and cocky, and in his arms to business or personal matters come to was a bundle of neatly addressed enmy office, for you will always be welvelopes.

come and I will take a keen interest in From the messenger boy: "What!

both! you Now take I can worry. should

with hands shake deliverthis job to for comeyou—letdownme andcongratulet me meas longhurry?—Ias I want

late you and wish you success."ing these envelopes. I am getting paid THE CITIES ARE

FULL OF DISSATISThose few hours of overtime put by the hour, not by the job."

FIED MEN. these two young fellows into good From the elevator chinchinner

positions that became bigger and better "You're right, kid! Don't ever do any

by. get to to than as the years have you of more work rolled by-—positions

tell- I'm that further dignity leadership get way, which lasted for and You will nearly half a century. ing you, and you will live a lot longer."

tfth ousted a8,W%,1 W*-'8That's cert*cert* locfte4. B0 "

.very case pjAvW"*

*** tX* Co*C that every W1!"eteatt Ae same,WWaS iot reved quart** *[H-*** to m*e or h oly.

.

THE ERA, OCTOBER, IMPROVEMENT 1941TEIEFACT You'll ENJOY DIVISION OF NATIONAL INCOME

EMPLOYEES I INVESTORS AND

OTHER PROPERTY HOLDERS

1920 Delicious CANDIES NEXT TIME TRY THESE 1929

PERFECTIDn Each1940#e@*#####1933 due represent* 5 billion dollars

SCIENCE SERVICEPUBLIC AFFAIRS COMMITTEE, INC. CHART 8-1?

IF IT'S GLADE'S IT'S GOOD Exploring the Universe hundredten waterlesspoundsdays.for six to as much as Recommended by all the

BETTER CANDY DEALERS (Concluded from page 577) TPhe world's largest airplane, the 4A man with almost no clothes on and

TRY THE V—VICTORY BAR A Douglas B-19 which is now making ** with plenty of water to drink can

test flights, is so large that it takes eleven maintain a normal body temperature in thousand gallons of gasoline to fill its perfectly dry air at a temperature as tanks, about the amount carried by a high as two hundred and fifty degrees standard railway tank car. It took three Fahrenheit. This temperature is above

million rivets and two million manhours the boiling point of water and above

WAY inforengineering,a period ofresearch,four years.and shopThe time,total 4the point where meat will cook.

load capacity is twentyeight tons. /ertain ing thebats,summer,commonare notin Franceto be founddur-

A wingspread of over a foot is atin the winter, even in caves. In the

cold season they go to Japan. *r tained by the Thysania moth of

: 4 Guatemala.

T3 ees can carry loads of honey or thick

HPhe ability of camels to go without syrup up to one hundred or one water has been much exaggerated. hundred and twenty percent of their

William Beebe tells what camels can own weight.

do. He says a fullgrown camel can 4

drink fifteen gallons to start with and At between twenty and thirty thoucarry, at thirty miles a day for three or sand feet altitude it becomes imfour days, a load of four to six hundred possible for the average person to pounds. The limit, with lesser speed whistle due to the decreased density

and distance, is a load of about thirteen of the air.

DISCOVER CI 110 | -the sensational \way to clean walls TELEFACT 1 and woodwork WE LIVE LONGER VANO is a clear, odorEXPECTATION OF LIFE AT BIRTH less, noninflammable liquid that quickly removes grease and grime from walls, woodwork, 1789 Venetian blinds, linoleum, stoves. Brightens

finish—doesn't streak

—leaves hands soft. 1911

Ready to use—nothing

to add. Indispensable

for daily cleaning. Get

a bottle today! M'f'd 1930

Inc., Chemicals, by $1 A GALLON

Francisco. San Leading Grocery and Al

Department Stores...

AvailSize Apartment get—1940 Vano at F.W.Woolworth able

62.9 YEARS Stores Variety Other and Gets Dirt! For VANO

SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 8-21

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

JhsL Salt 3kdvL Proved On The West's JabsuwadsL QImVl. at Toughest Jobs

ituL 3iollspvDOjcL (BdjluJL Since 1850, LEVI'S Waist Overalb have proved they could "take farms, in mines ranches and it"on Vetna M. Phillips,By Guaranteed—camps. lumber and CaliforniaPomona,

rip."if free they pair new "A

HThe Hollywood Bowl on the evening of August 20 was indeed a most LEVI'S for settingappropriate the Mormon OVERALLS WAIST their sing toTabernacle Choir praises with COPPER RIVETS patented CONCEALED of God. on back pockets

As we sat there listening under the LEVI STRAUSS & CO., Sao Francisco

stars to the beautiful voices of the choir coming up to us from below I couldn't help but feel that He was very near in the heavens above.

I do not know how many of our Southern California Mormons attended, but it seemed they were all there, and many more who listen to the Sunday morning radio program.

Wagner's "Hail Bright Abode"as the fittingopening for chorus most was this OF THESE setting;particular third as the then numhillsber, "Mountains,"sung, the was TWO

surrounding to echo seemed the Bowl their appreciation. POWERFUL

I wish it were possible to express the feeling that came with the rendition of HIGHfivethe hymns: "Come, Mormon

stirring Saints,"that song of COMPRESSIONCome, Ye thrills that the heart tocourage one TRACTORS it; "Lord Hearwhen hearing Wilt Thou

Me,"a song of supplication and prayer IS THE ONE so beautiful that I am sure it was heard in the heavens which seemed so near as FOR YOU?

we sat there; "The Morning Breaks,"

the glorious Mormon song where our lovely tenor voices come out so A FREE DEMONSTRATION IN YOUR FIELDS WIFE SHOW YOU! Trials,"sweetly; Deepening "Though

in theirwhich to all days of Mormons your tractor to do—how much work you have—

is.tribulations has a source been such of T'fofjfttj'M MMmMMmm. mr——whathow heavyyouthewantwork

I in thatstrength feeling couldn't help sturdy Oliver tractors. l PkgtZ S—with men who know tractors—men who've used thatthe are it will be us days ahead of

that for it comfort,again a is our songs one ou* your own fields 1 Oliver makes this possible. Free! See us

this last through.carry us *T*si+4M G*Sl today—trY 1 of The

group, "Oh My Father,"never fails to please. I am sure that the Saints as they sat GIVE OLIVER -v

listening felt as could I did that they singPLOWShardly restrain themselves from ing these five songs with the choir. THE 3T

What a chorus that would have been! Many times have I listened to the TEST;

singing of those five songs but never NO. 21 TWOWAY SULKY, (illustrated above) A strong plow with a reputation for good

furrows. 18inch for Power 16. 17 or plow up to Can Adjustable deep. beautifulhave so as they seemed that work.lift hitch. Adjustable each Ask screw. beam. Easy12 inchesoperating depth theevening stars in the Hollyunder Shortcoupled bases. 18inch forandfolder.strong. Handles SULKY. "QD"for TRACTOR MOUNTED

stalks, level. Runs corn turn to under large clearance capacity handle. Easy and Has Bowl.wood

lift. stubble Quickacting weeds. power toand Hallelujah Chorus"from Han- "The sensational draft, the light light with weight, plow smallPLOW grainMASTER TRACTOR GANG. A

extra foolproof flat Raydex steel hitch, points. bases strong Simpler and beams, del's Star Spangled and Messiah "The

high clearance, ball nearly of kind backed bearing screw. plow depth bylift, A different finale reas theBanner"grand were of century a plow good making.

ceived with great applause.

voice The peaceful CO.seemed as if it were Sunday of Richardmorning—Evans MOUNTAIN STATESOGDEN. UTAHIMPLEMENT

allthen too soon it and was over we BRANCHES: IDAHO:UTAH: Murray,Preston,Ogden,Blackfoot,Logan,Shelley,TremontonIdaho Falls, Rexberg, Rupert, Twin Falls, Buhl hillside descent thebegan our down

with the crowd that moved as a river, Mountain States Implement Company, Ogden, Utah.

so congested that it seemed for a while I would like to test an Oliver 60 ( ) 70 ( ) tractor. (Check which.)

describing (check which) it would be impossible to reach our Please send me folders cars. ) ) 7060 TractorsTractors ( ) ( ) PlowNo. 21MasterTwoWay Plow

I am sure everyone there returned ( ) QD Mounted Plow to their homes with the truly refreshed Name R. F. D.....Town State

spirit that only our Mormon hymns I farm acres.

can give.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Compiled by Heber Q. Hale

public addresses, as (From his "OnsL'Siudsivd"Classes in recorded the Journal of Dis

ANYWHEREANYTIME courses.are indicatedThe volumeafter eachand pagequotation; as also the year in which

For teachers, both reture, B. Y. U. offers "oneuttered.

ligious and secular, for student"classes. These

young men in defense Home Study courses may an may propose, but God will services, for mature perbe undertaken anywhere, dispose.—13:308 (1870). s o n s anywhere who at anytime. M

If each every us one of and would like toto progress would in than 160 courses More it his fervently duty, perform not would college degree, ward a a 30 departments are availtalk to quite necessary so loud be and teaching certificate, genable. A catalogue will be quite so long as we do now.—13:274

eral advancement or culsent on request. (1870).

Extension Division I am prepared to prove from all the facts that have existed or that now exist in all branches of human affairs, that

BRIGHflm vounG UI1IUERSITV union is strength, and that division is weakness and confusion.—13:267

Provo, Utah (1870).

We are blessed in having the living oracles in our midst, and in having a erected can standard which around we

Bible Kil Noxious Weeds at the Roots! beis good, and rally. The we

lieve in it more than any other people.

[THIS PULLING NOXIOUS I HAVE NO NOXIOUS WEEDS The Book of Mormon and the book of

WEED TOPS IS DRUDGERY! NOW, THANKS TO A MACK AHTIDoctrineof God, andandtheyCovenantscontain manyare thepreciousword

AND NEVER SEEMSTOGETI WEEDGUNANDAFEIVGAL10NS gems; every line is full of knowledge,

ME ANYWHERE. I'VE BEEN OF CARBON BISULPHIDE USED intelligence, and truth and is calculated

DOING IT FOR. YEARS. YEARS AGO.THE COST WAS MODtofarbebeyonda benefitall,toweus;havebut yetthe aboveliving andor77 ERATE AND THJ08 WAS EASV. acles in our midst to tell us what to do

KILLED today. A great portion of the scripture

JHE WEEDS we have was the living oracles to the jATTHE people in the day in which it was given,

ROOTS. and it has become scripture because it

t was given by the inspiration of the

L"sr Almighty. It was applicable to the day

it given. the in which have wxf'was We;-Vsh j&--%- "

"*= -a*s* in V%* living to give us oracles our midst is applicable that to our day. which rjSfK m c 13:28-9 (1869). <&sx> T*r "Fd!&3S & \ Not only does the religion of Jesus

Kr"3 Christ acquainted the people with make &m things develop within \Wj the of and God excellence moral them and purity, 'it out holds every encouragement and possible for to ininducement them Nobody knows better than the man but intelligence, and crease in knowledge 71 who has benefited from the use of in every branch of mechanism and in all arts for sciences; and wisdom, the

in arts the the world and all and sciences CARBON BISULPHIDE are from God and are designed for the

Send for Booklet 212E telling how weedgood of His people.—1 3: 147 ( 1 869 )

work is accomplished.

In my youth I was called an infidel, and I was an infidel. What to? This

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St, Sah Francisco Bible? No, to false creeds, and to professing without possessing.... I ask the

in infidel give exthey world can what Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches I in faith for the change have Jesus

Christ and the religion I believe in and practice.—13:215, 219 (1870).

The "Era Master Index"will help all students to find source maSin or evil is simply that which interials on Church history, doctrine, biography, and general subjects. jures some thing or being/—13:249

(1870).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

lost their sense have of hell to and wrath come, return they "CoaL TbtiPuL Old OauHsl'low and contemptible; therefore when they their again to former

By Pearl Spencer course.4. Guilt, and to meditate terror, are

to grievous them. like to see not They exnot be that could Progress grim's with the yearning before their misery for books they into come it; thoughFaced intent by anyone into an essay panded first, it the if perhaps sight of rather loved they than goodness whichennoble

make it look stodgy and dull, one on digesting it for himself or predigestthat sight, might make them fly whither the dips again into some of the good old ing it for someone else; for example, righteous fly and are safe.

books with a deep sense of refreshhas the road to loss of faith ever been their of going back, picmanner And the and shrewdly thoughtfully more is Pilbest of thesement. One of the

says, is in Christian this manner earnest explain Hopeful's tured than of has Progress,grim's lost none which of "the reason of to Christian nation firstits since Christian dramatic power 1. all off their thoughts, they draw They backsliding of Temporary the sudden Celestial for theset on City, and out from may, death, of God, the remembrance Saveself"? and Faithfulhis and encountered way to judgment and come.

fell into 2. Piety Prudence,Talkative, off they cast and private degrees Then by

1. of such the men consciences Though duties, their closetprayer, lusts, as curbing visited of Doubtthe Slough Despond, their are not yet minds are awakened,

like. for watching, sin the sorrow and of the Castle,ing wares viewed and of the therefore, power when changed;

3. lively they the of shun Then company I. as and AndVanity you that provoketh guilt which weareth away, Fair—even Christians. and warm

it is realization then the ceaseth. struck religious with toone be anew So them 4. that, After they cold to public grow guilt their that and pass, to all, when comesthat, thoughts the after of good most duty, hearing, reading, as conference, godly

for desires their is and heaven fear gone, lie reflections buried the of worldand like. the and

their to return die, they happiness and in spite the rich of 5.in books, old these holes, they pick to begin as Then we again. course in the say, of of coats godly; that the of earnest contemporarygreat some number

is, slavish 2. they reason have Another they to have color seeming a throw may their favoritephilosophers belabor who

them; fears I speak that overmaster now do religion (for the of infirmity sake some blissful of its ignoranceidea in fear the fears that they ever of ("For of men, have in their they spied behind have them) backs. before. thoughthaving been ) then, though bringeth of snare"a. So men 6. to, they to begin adhere Then and

One of the great delights of reading they seem to be hot for heaven so long as associate themselves with, carnal, loose, in these good old books, therefore, is the flames of hell are about their ears, yet and wanton men.

the thrill of discovering a "modern"when that terror is a little over, they be- 7. Then they give way to wanton disidea in a firm old setting. Often so takethat themselves'tis good totobesecondwise, thoughts;and not namely,run the coursescan see suchin secret;thingsandin gladany thatare theyare countedif they

casually that they seem to be careless hazard of losing all; or at least, of bringhonest, that they the more boldly do it

with their riches or unconscious of ing themselves unto unavoidable and unthrough their example.

fall in with troubles; and necessary so they 8. little After this they to play begin with bitstheir toss worth, they us priceless

again. the world sins, openly.

farthat consider apply as can and we 9. then, being hardened, they lies And religion 3. that show attends The shame

as our own capacity will permit. Ceralso as a block in their way; they are proud themselves as they are and everlastingly

tainly there is hardly a page of PiU and haughty, and religion in their eye is perish in their own deceiving.

>f he id t—

YOU*

todaV i dtWe

Drive in at the familiar VicoPep 88 sign of service UTAH OIL REFINING CO. STATIONS

Everywhere in Utah and Idaho IN PER*

JPul $wl teanA. SouiPuvahxL

he sun leans southward; on the moody earth

His Tslanting finger traces platinum dew

Upon the earth's once lacy pastel shawl,

Now quite flamingohued and starched anew.

roots retrieve and store their jaded sap, W.hile

He quickens amber fields of pregnant grain

And rouges cheeks down in the orchard's lanes,

Where leaves like brightscarfed gypsies dance again.

IN saffron fields stretch cornstalk wickiups,

By And leadblue streams through sedgy swamps now thread;

EDNA S. DUSTIN Grapevines have leaped each fence with strained arms full,

And wild duck wings are whispering overhead.

Photograph by Jeano Orlando,

V r u.''

SSB ''i?&:3i&S& i *g. t.t'>"-.- --:,-.". -. V*? *; rwo S; iAafimj\jOs*K r:..aSwHH&aftSss WISBBKBiSSmKSHBBSSSnBBSBSSSwsfsm

7fo Ed iiorsT a q e

&SL&fmusL

CFTTIMES OUR BRETHREN IN POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY RECEIVE INSPIRATION THAT A CERTAIN THING

SHOULD BE DONE, AND IT IS A WISE THING, I HAVE

DISCOVERED, TO CARRY IT OUT, AND NOT URGE CONTRARY

VIEWS TO THE CALLS AND DIRECTIONS THAT COME TO

US FROM THOSE IN AUTHORITY

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

T had a very great disappointment in my life by you are going to frighten me from having a pleasant, not listening to an inspiration that came once to delightful visit with my mother and the first holiday

John Henry Smith, my senior by two years in the I have had in nineteen years, you are mistaken."

quorum of the Twelve Apostles. I was appointed He said, "All right, you will never see Diaz, and

by President Lorenzo Snow to go to the City of I'll have to go and open the Mexican Mission. Of

Mexico and reopen the Mexican Mission, and it course, I've seen Diaz two or three times, but I'll was a very great pleasure to me to have that apbe glad to see him again."

pointment because my cousin, Anthony W. Ivins,

I returned home from Californiawas president of the Mexican colonists of the The day after

Juarez Stake of Zion. Also, I had never met Diaz. I was called to go to Japan to open the mission

there, said me, President to and "Now, Snow President Diaz people looked upon manyA great different in Grant, Brother engaged you are many world, rulers in conthe greatestas all the one of sidering the conditions under which he had to rule, businesses, and we will give you a whole year to and I had always had a strong desire to meet him. arrange your affairs before you start on this mission, if you need it. If you can get ready in four,

When this appointment came I was, therefore, five, or six months, do so; but do not hurry; get out

very much delighted, and told President Snow that of your various business obligations as best you

I was very pleased, but, I said, "Brother Snow, my can, without too much sacrifice, and then go on mother, my wife and my daughters, most of them, your mission."

are at Pacific Grove. I have been in the Council In response to these instructions, I said: "The

of the Twelve for nearly twenty years, and I have first thing I want to do is to go down to the city of never taken a holiday, and I would very much apMexico with my cousin and organize that mission."

I it if holidaypreciate or three could weeks have two is of replied, President no need "There Snow eightieth celebrate mother's andand go down my there of are plenty doing that; can men who

I Pacific tobirthday. at arranged be have Grove your

for this occasion and when I return, I will go to else.do that as well as you, and we will send somebody

the City of Mexico."

I said, Pres- "But,""I want to do it."And then right, replied, President be all "That will Snow replied, hesitation that ident without "Oh, Snow that to Grant; are perfectlyBrother you welcome doesn't make any difference; we will appoint someholiday."

shall appoint?"looked one He we else—whom After the meeting in the temple, Brother John Henry, around and said, do you go and "John

Henry said, "Heber, I have an impression that you that."And when John Henry returned from filling

should not go and celebrate your mother's eightieth my appointment in Mexico, he told me that he had birthday. He continued, "If you do go to California had a very wonderful visit with Diaz.

will privilege of the never seeing Diaz, haveyou and in positions brethren of responsiOfttimes our will privilege the not have of that misyou opening bility inspiration receive that should a certain thing sion for the preaching of the Gospel to that nation."be done, and it is a wise thing, I have discovered,

I asked, "Why not?"and he replied, "If you go to carry it out, and not urge contrary views to the

to California, you will not have that privilege."calls and directions that come to us from those in

I said, "Well now, Brother John, if you think authority.

jhsL DOCTRINEw COVENANTS An abbreviated account of its various editions and of the sections which make up the contents of the "Book of Commandments."

By JOHN W. FITZGERALD

Director, L. D. S. Seminary,

St. Johns, Arizona

TheChurchfoundationis built,uponthe whichrock uponthe Brief Historyand Covenantsof The Doctrine it stands which and the reason for its progress, is discovered in the JosephnumerousSmithrevelationsthe Prophetfromreceived1820 principle of continuous revelation. until his death in June, 1 844. Some

Broadly speaking, this principle of the revelations were given to ceris also the basis of science. All men, tain individuals for their benefit and

some unknowingly, live constantly guidance. Others were for the inby this everlasting principle. It is formation of the Church as a whole,

in for certain of the groups men the method used by the Lord to enor their to making Church them known lighten matter any what person, no duties and6 responsibilities in the new field of unknowledge he may be Church.

covering. For that is the meaning Revelations were received when

of the word: "to uncover that which the Aaronic and Melchizedek

is hidden."Whether it is to rePriesthood was restored and condiscover or restore something that ferred, and the members who rewas known at some previous time or ceived it were told of their respective

1S33 EDITION duties. OF PAGE THE to bring truth, the prinTITLE forth a new

OF BOOK COMMANDMENTS."OF "A Doctrines of the hereafter and ciple of revelation is the same.

vicarious work for the dead are

However, nothing is revealed in among other items of knowledge its perfection or its fulness to manof open vision wherein heavenly which are contained in the revelaface to messengers speak men to tions received Prophet. the kind."They by "received not of Jesus Even the of voice such mesface; by contain for information welfare the first, fulness the at but continued their actually without sengers all the of for everyChurch men and until to grace, grace from received he Spirit seen; of being or by the God 8 where. fulness."a certain acting the minds of upon

The Lord speaks to men in their men, who through diligence and obeThe Publication of Latterday own language, after the manner of dience are able to receive such inRevelation their understanding, and then gives spiration. The principle of divine

or reveals to them only as much as revelation as a growing, developing HpHE revelations that had been rethey can use. To give less would influence in the Church and in the ceived by the Prophet up to the

hinder progress, to give more would world is an everyday fact easily year 1833, still in manuscript form, indolence. reobserved. promote Hence men already of as the were Book known

6 ceive there a little "here a little"and Commandments. certain revokes God sometimes

as their able are to grasp minds and a special held conference At Nothat revelations or commandments understand knowledge. the added a at Hiram, Ohio, 1, 1831, given, especially has men vember when He

It must also necessarily be decision preliminary to was made connot them. true that do 4 Changing obey

the greater the effort of men in any ditions make it necessary to give new, print ten thousand copies of A Book field, religious or otherwise, the or add to the existing revelations: In of Commandments. During the

greater the fund of information they a dynamic, moving society God afternoon of the first day of the conreceive over a period of time. This should and does provide for change; ference the Preface to the Book of

peoknowledge learned from may be addrevoking some commandments, Commandments7 was "received by reliple; secular from books, and ing to others, yet inspiration."giving new ones,

gious; or with the aid of special keeping unchanged the fundamental The Elders present at the coninstruments like the Urim and Thumprecepts of His Church as the ference testified to the fact that the

mim. It may also come in the form foundation upon which to build an revelations or commandments "were

eternal edifice. 18, 15, 16, 17. 20, 107, and Doctrine BSee Sections Dictionary. 1Webster's

Covenants, for examples.

2Bcigham Young's Discourses, pp. 6065. Smith, Vol. Church. "Joseph I, p. 225. History of the

sDoctrine and Covenants, Section 93:13. Doctrine and Covenants, Section 56:5. Vbid.. p. 222 (note).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

not known. It is known that sixtytures on Faith which had been given

EDITOR'S NOTE five chapters or revelations were previously to a class of Elders in printed and a few copies of that Kirtland, Ohio. They were placed

Covenants Doctrine and in of the Doctrine saved. the 1835 edition revelations were printed THE has many editions through gone many "they because were Covenants the that and Book not intended It was it first in print since appeared more

than one hundred years ago as "A of Commandments should contain judiciously arranged and compiled14

Book of Commandments."When all the revelations that had been and were profitable for doctrine."

these various editions appeared, have sections, includtwo hundred and, the year 1833, One when given up to textual mechanical and and what it and ing "Marriage"is doubtarticle on an destroyed, press was is the subject the occurred changes have of a Master's thesis by the author, ful that all those selected were another on "Of Governments and prepared under the direction of printed. Laws in General,"were also included

Dr. Lambert, A. C. Brigham Young printed. to be the book receiving and in was The Prophet

University, this from which work the holding All the members the revelations Church to giving abbreviated statement subject on this all other members and Priesthood bring to them continually, so that has made. been

before the Church and the world in of the Church attending the conferprinted form, it was determined in ence voted unanimously to have these given by inspiration of God, and are a conference held September 24, items in the forthcoming book.

that the said Ohio, 1834, in Kirtland,profitable for all men, and are verily to Book of Covenants and Doctrine a committee "appoint conferencetrue."8

The Prophet closely reviewed the arrange the items of the doctrine of and Covenants of the for government Christ, in last Jesus of thecommandments, and that some noticed when be will Saints. Latterday the of IT the special Churchfour in conferences held first revelations were the of from to taken are be it items in These Ohio,Hiram, 1831, November, resulting volume the in printed 1833 the and of Bible, Mormon, the Book that "after deliberate decidedwas of called CommandBook was A given been have which revelations inconsideration, the consequence of revethe 1834, September In ments. that date, or this to to the up Church of Revelations,Book to be now is of them lations manuscript or the arrangeuntil such given shall beprinted, the being the foundation of

12 while Covenants, of labeled Book committee are made."The in ments last a days, theseChurch and is printed edition of them the 1835 Smith, "President Josephbenefit chosen was to the that world, showing Covenants. Doctrine and RigSidney Oliver Cowdery,the Jun., of the the mysteries of keys u the of book edition 1835 the In Williams.'G. Frederick don, and of are Savior again ourKingdom the from included items there are no that decided then council toentrusted riches of the "The man; and alof the or Bible Mormon Book after arranging and committee, saideternity within of the those compass are menvolumes these both though Covenants, of said Book publishing live willing to are every bywho word 13 conferthe in of the minutes tioned the same."avails ofthat have of of the proceedeth out mouth from 1834, 24, September held ence reconference the of action This conference the votedGod—therefore it should is committee the said which working committee's in the sultedthat prize the revelations to they be

in inclusion for information extract it until Augiven assignment the to riches the of theworth on Church Covenants. Doctrine the and Why general at the 17, 1835, when gust earth,the speaking whole tempor-

9 the Bible Book the and items from the Priesthood and the ofally."assembly

is not used not of were Mormon or book the Kirtland in held spring, following Church April 30 The present the to definitely known Doctrine of the book of 1, manuscript to 1832, decidedand it was May is that the comopinion writer. His for presented was Covenantsprint three copies of and thousand A to better it be would thought mittee LecIt seven contained approval. instead of ofBook Commandments 630) page (Continued on

ten Phelps, thousand. William W. Vol. Ibid., II, p. 165. uIbid.. p. 244. 165. 18lbid., p.Oliver Cowdery, and John Whitmer

were appointed "to review and prepare such revelations for the press as shall be deemed proper for publication, and print them as soon as possible "10 at Independence, Missouri.

Oliver Cowdery was chosen to take the revelations, accompanied by John Whitmer, from Hiram, Ohio, to the land of Zion, Missouri.

The revelations were duly reTITLE PAGE OF viewed and prepared and the printTHE 1S35 EDIing of them began, when on the TION"DOCTRINEOF ANDTHE 20th of July, 1 833, a mob destroyed COVENANTS."

the press, scattering the papers and other supplies, and threw down11 the printing establishment itself.

Just how many copies of A Book of Commandments were saved or how many of the revelations that were to be printed, were printed is

mid., p. 226.

Vbid.. p. 235.

10Ibid., p. 270.

Ibid.. pp. 390, 393.

Nineteen hundred years ago, the Son of God ofMORMONISM fered mankind a plan for an ideal society. It has seemed strange tosome that though the nation in which AND AN

He was born was chafing under Roman tyranny He raised no army to throw off the yoke. Though thegovernment under which He lived IDEAL SOCIETY

was rotten with corruption, He adpolitical as such. reforms,vocated no RICKS By ELDIN

stateof the winning was one THIS thirtythree at the age ofThough the Principal, Seminary, L. D. S. delivered ments at Brigham

masses acclaimed Him their king and Overton, Nevada Young University during the 194041 their liberator, He accepted no office. Heber J. Grant contest for which the

received author copy of an inscribed the have beenWhatever may posacquired Cabet, Monsieur exone the from President Book of Mormon to remake of attemptingpected ways attheir of property and session Grant. not did seemingly world,the He in communal tempted an experiment

follow but concerned Himself inliving. Under the most desirable

stead with teaching men and women circumstances, in a community made is a practical political Gospelhow to live. With profound insight, to order, and financed, it is said, by Here

He recognized what the world yet a vast sum of money, a few short that arises before a chaotic world be never there can pointsmust of today and neighborhood learn—that collapse. their system's years saw

until is an there society ideal of tomoran forward to a brotherhood peomeantime, In the the Mormon ideal people. ple, faced with wellnigh insuperable row.

In an age when the message of obstacles, had conquered a desert,

Jesus had been discarded and gross laid the foundations for greater iM"ot only has Mormonism demondarkness covered the earth, a new cities than Nauvoo, and had begun strated its power to found sucdispensation was opened, and, once the building of a great commoncessful communities and to erase soagain the plan was restored in all of wealth in the midst of the Rockies. cial and racial barriers from among

in the—socalled—isits fulness and glory.that message"Mormonism"It is unlikely that history provides men; it has also revealed an excep- a more vivid comparison between a tional ability to produce outstanding

world today, and no better indication manmade society, motivated by humen and women. Horace Haveits vitality and power of havedo we the States myer, of head United inaspirations, and a society man produced. fruits it has thethan industry, sugar a few came to Utah of Jesus spired 1 by the Gospel It marvel the long has been Saint a Latterday to find years ago of the Christ.

world, how the Latterday Saints In 1926, President Franklin S. man to fill a certain responsible posihave been able to take people of Harris of Brigham Young Unition. When asked why he selected

every nationality, creed, and condiversity visited Japan as an American a western man to assume an eastern tion of life and mould them into a delegate to a scientific congress, job, he replied, "There is something cooperative, unified society. With when several of the members of the about those Mormon boys that

converts from Scandinavia, Britain, Church there, learning of his presmakes them especially adaptable to

France, Germany, North and South ence, sought opportunity to meet and positions of trust and responsibility."

America, Joseph Smith, in the eightconverse with him. At his invitation Despite the humble beginnings of

een thirties, transformed a swamp a small group boarded a train with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latin western Illinois into the city of him one evening, and, as the train terday Saints, scarcely more than

Nauvoo, the largest, most thriving rumbled into the night, ten Japanese a century ago, it is a significant fact metropolis in the state. When, after and one American discussed until that "Who's Who"today credits it

the death of the Prophet, the Morthe morning hours the glorious prowith a larger number of prominent mon people were forced by jealously gress of the restored Church of men and women than any community to leave their neighborsangry beauthis like size of in America. Though Christ. that they repreThe fact

tiful city, their farms, and it is actually remarkable, seem may different nationalities and their sented homes, to seek refuge somewhere traditions mattered not at all. They no more nor less so than the Church

in the West, it is an interesting fact were brothers in a common cause. itself, for its philosophy permeates

of history that a band of French the home, influences the rearing of communists, called Icarians, led by 'B. H. Roberts, The Life o[ John Taylor, pp. 225. (Continued on page 635)

s )

Justice?

A NOTHER STORY OF THE OVERLAND STAGE and Orrin Porter Rockwell

the early days of the I,N were few men who did West there not fear the Indians. Jim Bridger

and Porter Rockwell were two such men. They had learned to give the

red men the benefit of the doubt.

It took the owners of the Overland Stage a long time to realize the value of "Port,"as he was best known. They finally placed him in

charge of affairs west from Salt

Lake. PRESENTLY THEY SAW IT COMING,

At Fish Springs there was a home LEAVINGHIND IT.A STREAKWHEN OFIT DUSTARRIVEDBEstation. A short distance away was By JAMES P. SHARP THERE WAS A WOMAN DRIVING.

an Indian camp. One of the drivers

known only as "Windy Bill"drove She did—she talked freely of the rubbed his chin, turned the team

the east run. He seemed to have wonderful ride until Windy paid around. He drove to the old abanpersistently forced his attentions on more attention to her than to the doned station at Dugway, backed

a young Indian woman, Phoebe, horses, when she pulled a revolver the buckboard up to the dry well, whose husband, "DawyWunce,"from inside her dress and comand let Windy's mortal remains find invariably carrying a heavy bow manded him to stop the horses while a deep grave more than one hundred and a number of short, thick arrows, she got inside the coach, where she feet below.

had many times escorted him out of soon fell asleep. When she awoke He resumed his journey. The sun

the camp on a mighty fast walk. the horses had stopped. She called was unmercifully hot. At Black

Port heard of those visits and warned the driver and, getting no answer, Rock point he saw something out in

Windy to expect trouble unless he got out, gathered up the reins, and the desert. Heat waves cause

kept away from that camp. here she was. strange sights. Sometimes this obThe eastbound stage pulled into "Your gun. Let me see it."ject looked like a long, shimmering

Fish Springs one summer evening. He examined it. One empty champole; at others it resembled a squatty

A lone passenger, a woman, got out, ber. Taking his handkerchief, and tea kettle. Port was used to these

ate her supper and climbed up in the a small stick from the wood box he strange sights and marked the spot boot with Windy. Most of the wiped the barrel out. Yes, just as as he drove on with nothing in sight

men knew her by reputation, for she he thought. Fresh powder stains. but desert and heat waves.

did considerable traveling along the He gave it back. Plenty of time to He stopped the team and shouted,

line. Reports had it that she was pick her up later. "DavvyWunce. DawyWunce."

capable of taking care of herself unThe stage continued east with a No answer.

der any, and all, conditions. relief driver, while Port, after filling Again, "DavvyWunce, it's me,

At Simpson Springs the men his two canteens with water, headed Port Rockwell."

waited. The stage was over one west. He made good time until he As if from nowhere, an Indian aphour late and not in sight. Somecame to the place where she said she peared. He walked over to the road.

thing must have happened, for had driven from. From there on he Port handed him a canteen of water,

Windy often boasted that the only drove cautiously, scanning every for well he knew not one drop of time he would be late was for his inch of the ground. Halfway up water had passed those parched lips

own funeral. Presently they saw it Dugway Mountain he found the obduring the last thirty hours. One

coming, leaving a streak of dust beject of his search. He got down, swallow, and only one, the Indian

hind it. examined the body, scratched his took, after which he climbed in the

When it arrived there was a chin, ran his fingers through his long seat beside Port. That heavy bow

woman driving. She threw the lines hair, then turned the body over. Not and his short, thick arrows he held

to one of the hostlers and said, "Get a drop of blood anywhere. When tightly all the time. Not another

those crow baits off and get some he had searched the body, he stood word was spoken until they arrived real horses hitched up. We're late."up, looked to one side of the road, at the Indian camp, when Port said,

She climbed down and entered the and walked to a large rock some "Phoebe is making a pair of gloves cabin for breakfast. Many questhirty feet away. for me. Bring em down right away."

tions those men asked. She anSatisfied with what he saw, he

sat Port none. returned. she down, swered As Windy'He removed at the the men W,hen her. to told the sat beside cook belongings He guns and personal bethey guns Windy's and station saw

help hitch his team up, and when began the task of loading what regan asking all kinds of questions, they were alone he said, "My name mained of Windy in a buckboard, a But apparently Port was deaf, dumb, is Porter Rockwell, in charge of law hard job, even for a big man, which and blind. Finally one said, "I just

and order along this line. Do your Port was not. He drove up the road knew that woman would settle actalking."a short distance, stopped, thought, ( Concluded on page 633

have all heard that history Cycle repeats itself. And lookWe ing back over history we

see that through each cycle a few more problems have been solved and the heritage handed down from one age to the next a little better than received. fathers In genthethe one

eral time By C. PEACOCK great the it was men of each

who made those improvements posUniversity Ward, Seattle Stake sible. That's just where we come

in: Remember how Moses took the people out of Egypt? Other than is in heaven."This was a prophecy

that they were to be the forefathers to our fathers, the Pioneers, so that of a great people, there was little it might give them courage to begin to distinguish them individually from the task. Ours is the even greater

other ignorant slaves. But they responsibility of fulfilling that

were given a moral code known as promise.

the Ten Commandments. They

wrested themselves a home in a new HPo my mind, fulfilling that promise land and prepared the way for is a task in which we should

Christ. He brought with Him the spend every minute of our waking

way of life: the standards by which time. Think this over carefully: we

man could, if he would abide by are to be the leaders of men. We

them, live the happiest and most are to set such an example that fruitful life. He organized his throughout all the world the people

Church and put it in the hands of who are watching our every action leaders of men to be perpetuated. will be able to find no fault, will

Those "pioneers"did their part. marvel, and will strive to follow our

They withstood every physical example.

abuse men of that time could devise. People are watching us. Books

They withstood all this and gave about Mormons are becoming very to their followers (let us call them popular. Newsreels are made.

their children ) the greatest heritage Stories are told in picture magazines, man had ever had up until that time. literary magazines. Eyes are being

But their children abused that herturned toward us, friendly but crititage; their standards became ical eyes, and we must set the exwarped, and they lost those ideals amples and provide the leadership.

so that the Church was taken from secution, and a true heritage was esThis examplesetting is a very the earth. How did they lose those tablished. And today, as when the real thing. It means for you, the

ideals? Through a worship of the Visigoths sacked Rome, brute force housebuilder, for instance, that you

material things of life, by making and power without moral Christian must build a little more sturdily, a compromises of their standards with ideals are threatening the world. little more beautifully, must put a

the standards of their associates. Then, the Christians forgot little more care and pains into your

Here baptism is a good example. that their heritage was not only work than your neighbors do.

"It didn't matter so much,"they something to be proud of but that it It means for you, the mother, not said. Besides, it was the easier also carried with it a great responsionly that you should instil high

road. Then, when the "powers of bility. A responsibility which, in moral values in your children, but alforce without ethics"came upon my opinion, was one for setting exso that you should see to it that they

them, they sank into the centuries amples and providing leadership are balanced in all other ways, that of the Dark Ages. rather than meeting sword with they excel mentally in their school

Since history repeats itself, let us sword. Then, they who had relessons and that they excel physfollow through another cycle. The ceived this heritage failed and the ically in their school sports. They

Pilgrim Fathers were oppressed, Dark Ages resulted. Today we have the best heritage; the raw masubject to a form of slavery, mental have reached the point where the terials are in your hands.

and religious slavery. They crossed people failed before. Now the We must be engaged today in

their "Red Sea,"but this time it Lord has prophesied to our Pioneer building a generation of leaders, was the Atlantic. Again they parents that this time the Church leaders and examplesetters, so that

wrested a home in a new land, had should not fail and be taken from the world may know that we truly a religious philosophy. Again the the earth. He has told them that have the best way of life. We must

way was prepared for the Lord's we would be strong enough to overnot speak of this task boastfully, but

Church, this time through Joseph come personal temptations and berather spend our time putting into

Smith. Again it was handed to able come leaders of men, that we would practice the plan which has already

leaders, who were the Pioneers we become examples to the world so been outlined for us.

know. Again were the people that others "might see our good Economically: We have, potenof this Church subject to great perworks and glorify their Father which (Conctuded on page 636)

YOU CAN SAY By NETTIE ALLEN THOMAS From "The Allied Youth"NO

IN CAMP, TOO Tn the army, as in industry, the man at the top is con- *- stantly looking for young men who are worthy of promotion. This means a constant training of new material in higher duties. Any man that demonstrates

unusual ability, stamina, or character is at once "spotted"and often given a tryout to determine whether he is worth training. and it is not among the "boozers"that

this promising material is sought or found.

Col. GEORGE A. SKINNER, M.D.

Medical Corps, U. S. Army, Ret.

(In Signs of the Times.)

own, but you're expected to be in full HThere are other young men in the step with your company next morning, A service who have clearcut ideas hangover or not... and the day's about the effects of alcohol.

work is apt to be downright torture to "Our second lieutenant was a high the fellow who has had too much the school football coach,"the young man night before."told me, "and he says that if a drinking

He mentioned some of the young men fellow isn't fit to play on a football he knew who, after one or two experiteam against the team from the next about drinkingg in ments, found saying no to their assotown, ne's even less desirable as a camp?"I asked Ric:nard ciates less difficult than "taking it"soldier. He can't kick the drinking men

on his third week end at home.... from a top sergeant when the dulled out of the company, the way he could

"There's lots of it,"he said, "not acsenses of a hangover refused to funcdrop them from the training squad, tually in camp, except for beer, but in tion smoothly and quickly. but he can and does use his influence

F, which is wide open."Richard says that one of the most toward breaking drinking habits."

training for seriousness of AmerThe serious in drinking his problems camp.. the "Are of most drinking boys

is lost ican defense the not boys on. is sale the the caused in of beer by I less?"ormore to wanted know. all life of been from walks have who cantonments. said Richard not, least he thought at this called into solservice, one young

sell, sort of beer they with "The lowin the part the of great that had camp dier believes. the radio over News alcohol content,"to explain, he went on hisbeen since February. home military of events abroad, the as young

"is nonintoxicating, to supposed be see,"it this in explained, of defenders he get country slow, "You the day

I fellow suppose and drinks a whentolerant is after that to in tending grimday, popularity a produce had way won bottle, along subone of with a couplehigh for school the ness that alcoholic his leaves beverages high boy and stantial slice sandwiches and maybe apersonal standards, for the other don't "they dura- "foresworn give among a isn't pie, there of to alcohol enoughfellow tion"products. opportunity to much make effect. there have are any But ways inchoices the that alcoholic the army. arguments beverbugle The When different that of mixing give brands

it's in thesounds possible certain morning, ages makes use a sayamount no... real kick then, the cathem anding "letting of don't up. forgetting one's get to or get you want down,"You for of pacity the drinking of some menup. is drill, troubles, false the catching of a of to order when moment And you after bottle bottle unlimited."seems like million, feeling like in are not of happiness, the sun, marchingmay a hot

but you wouldn't try saying "no"more Young men in camp, says one of apt to get increasingly cold reception than once. In the mess hall, it's the them, are very much like young men from young men who are taking their

same thing. You take what is served. on a big university campus where there defense duties seriously, and who are

But when it comes to drinking... is not the close supervision to which beginning to realize to what extent the

well, you can do what you want to most high school students are accusfuture of their country depends on their about that."tomed. physical fitness and mental alertness.

Not all the young men in the camps "The freedom of being on your own, "Yes,"said a tall young soldier on his that are scattered throughout the away from the home and family, reacts last evening at home before returning to country will say no to drinking, as on lots of boys the way it often does another period of intensive training in

Richard does, but nearly all will agree on college freshmen,"Richard says. one of the more exacting branches of

that it's great to be able to make a He has had opportunity to judge, for military service, "you can say no to personal choice in a society that must he had just completed his university alcohol in the army... and plenty of

necessarily be almost wholly regicourse when his number in the draft us are saying it every day. There are

mented. was called. lots who drink in the camps... just

Life without liquor has more advan- "There are the same smartalecks as there are citizens who combine busitages than the simple novelty of indewho have to try everything once... ness with drinking... and parents who

pendent choice, points out this typical and some who have to do whatever the think abstinence isn't necessary... but

oneof-a-millionboys from Uncle Sam's crowd does... and a good many there's no more pressure on a young

defense army. who have brought drinking habits along fellow to drink at camp than there

"You're free to drink as much as you with them, and can't perhaps be exwould be on some university campuses.

can afford or carry,"Richard said, pected to get rid of these without You can always find plenty who "while you're out of camp and on your drastic measures on somebody's part."agree with you in leaving liquor alone."

THOU SHALT HAVE LIFE LONG

this just life time his "At were comof long nearly weDuring the of descent mencing mountain a eightyeight years, President it in miles length; quite dark, some was esBy LE ROI C. SNOW narrowly Lorenzo Snow

caped death many times. From the the road rough and rocky, and it may

readily that prospects imagined our surroundingcircumstances many be inviting. not most were coach Our escapes it woulddramatic narrow wheels swayed and ever fearfully—thethe trying was power an evilseem that striking they over whirled anon fire as

to thwart the Patriarch's promises the rocks, with a double span of horses made to Lorenzo Snow when he was upon a keen run, tossing us up and but twentytwo years old: "Thou down, giving us a few hard strokes of

hast a great work to perform in thy the head against the top of the coach.

day and generation. Thou shalt "At length Elder Benson, in a trembecome a mighty man in the earth. ulous yet powerful voice, demanded of

Thou shalt have long life. No the driver to moderate his speed, which

responded increased to an was and by shall take thy life."able to bepower

furious lashing the foaming, of more premiraculous theseSurely were steeds; thus, panting more, with a and

dictions made to a youth but a few drunken coachman (as we afterwards months after his baptism. In the learned ), we tore along down the

light of subsequent events of his life mountain, every moment in jeopardy they could have been given only of being dashed to pieces. At last

through divine inspiration. reaching a station, we were happily

In this brief article are related, LORENZOIN SNOWEARLIERAS HEYEARSAPPEARED relieved from the perilous adventure, mostly in his own words, two of On our return we learned that the

Lorenzo Snow's experiences—a peri- a story of two dramatic ininebriate"But onehadperilbeenover,discharged.another comes. trip with a drunkenlous stagecoach

exciting porin dangerous most and cidents The prom- a which Sierradriver the through Nevada is of route tion overland before our yet ise in fulfilled was the his near drowningMountains and us, in passing encountered which we life of preservation of thein the Pacific Ocean. the Sierra over Mountains, Nevada Lorenzo Snow. Many portions of the road were covTn 1857 [with the coming of Johnsered with snow and ice, and ran a long

ton's Army to quell the "Utah Reway close beside fearful ravines, hunbellion"] missionaries were called dreds of feet in depth. One sitting in

home and the Sandwich Islands mistleman, and we soon discovered that the coach, by inclining the head a little sion [now the Hawaiian] was left he possessed a wonderful musical talto one side, could gaze down into the ent, in the elicited exercise of the that vast depths conscious below, which he Elder. Duringin of a native charge

It surprise our admiration. really within of the vehicle wheels were often and prothis time, Gibson Walter M. terrible gulf; to conthat inches sweeter, a of the seemed a a few more me

fessed to accept the Gospel, was pathetic or melodious voice I had never sequently, the slipping of the wheels, baptized, and went to the Hawaiian heard. It is quite possible that the the least blunder of a horse, or a strap

Islands, where he reorganized the stillness of the night and the wild or buckle giving way, or the least careChurch according to his own scenery of nature around us had a tenlessness of the driver, would plunge the scheme; he ordained Apostles, for dency to enhance the effect and increase whole outfit over the rocky crags into

a stipulated price, and other officers our appreciation of melodious accents; the abyss below. The danger was infor lesser amounts. When Presiwhatever it might be, I was charmed, creased by the ice and snow, and the

dent Brigham Young learned of this, delighted, and felt that I could embrace sudden, abrupt turns in the road. When

places, call that slippery brother. approached very him and man we that Apostles Ezra decidedit was barely frequently variacauses of these the the road where was "WnetherT. Benson and Lorenzo Snow should sufficient for in tions to exist their originally the organizacoach of a width

visit the Islands, and that Elders tions, or are the result of a life of trainpass between the high, sharp rocks on

Joseph F. Smith, Alma Smith, and ing, may be a subject for philosophical one side and the frightful chasm on

William W. Guff should accomdiscussion, but facts definitely prove the other, the driver in guarding against

pany them. that some people are made up of opcatastrophies, would put his two spans

Lorenzo Snow's journal picks up posite elements, the proof of which one on their utmost speed.

the narrative: may visibly notice by waiting and ob- "Hour after hour, as we thus moved

serving, as in the case now instanced. on, particular points in the road were

"We took stage at Salt Lake City "A sudden lurch of the coach, which pointed out to us, where coaches had

March 2, 1864, for San Francisco. was occasioned by a missstep or awkwhirled down precipices and every

Some interesting incidents occurred ward movement of the horses, wrought occupant had been killed. These nerveduring our overland trip to California, a sudden, marvelous change in our stirring recitals caused us more serithat seemed to us at the time rather entertainer, and instantaneously closed ously to realize the gravity of our situinteresting or, at least, a little exciting.. our animated entertainment, while a ation and our dependence on God for

"At [one] time, having stopped to volley of oaths and the most horrid the preservation of our lives; and we

exchange horses just as night was setblasphemies succeeded. As he poured truly felt grateful for our deliverance.

ting in, one of our company remarked forth his disgusting and heartsickening and, breathing more freely, felt our that our new driver had quite the air profanity, he most furiously lashed the pulses restored to their normal state as and appearance of an intelligent geninnocent horses. we dismounted from the coach at the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

western base of the Sierra Nevada drowning, for while on my former misthis, the crew of our boat consented to

Mountains. sion I had learned to swim and sport remain and assist us.

"On our arrival in San Francisco in the surf of those shores. "The captain was taken ashore, and

we were kindly entertained by Elder "The last I remember of Brother by working over him for some time,

Eveleth, whose hospitable house was Snow, as the boat was going over, I was brought to life. Probably his life

our home during our short stay, while saw him seize the upper edge of it with would not have been much endangered making arrangements for our passage both hands. Fearing that the upper but for a sack of four or five hundred

by steamer for the point of our destinaedge of the boat, or the barrels, might silver dollars which he held in his hand, tion. Brother Eveleth's kindness and hit and injure me as the boat was going the weight of which took him at once

hospitality to the latterday missionover, I plunged head foremost into the to the bottom. The natives dived and

aries traveling to and from Salt Lake water. After swimming a short disbrought him up, still clinging to the

is proverbial; and although called to a tance, I came to the surface without sack. When his vitality was restored,

higher and broader sphere, he lives in being strangled or injured. the first thing he enquired about was

the grateful, affectionate remembrances "The boat was bottom upwards, and the money, intimating to the natives, of those who knew him."barrels, hats, and umbrellas were floatwith peculiar emphasis, that it would

ing in every direction. I swam to the not have been healthy for them to

The following is from the narboat, and as there was nothing to cling have lost it.

rative of Elder W. W. Cluff: to on the bottom, I reached under and "Brother Snow had not yet been disseized the edge of it. covered and the anxiety was intense.

"We arrived in Honolulu, the capital "About the same time Brother BenThe natives, evidently, doing all in their of the islands, about the 27th of March, son came up near me and readily got power. Finally, one of them, in edging

1864. On the 29th we sailed for hold of the 'boat. Brother Alma L. himself around the capsized boat, must

Lahaina, on the schooner Nettie MerSmith came up on the opposite side of have felt Brother Snow with his feet rill, Captain Fisher, for the island of the boat from Brother Benson and and pulled him, at least partially

Maui, a distance of about ninety miles myself. He was considerably strangled, from under it, and the first I saw of

from Honolulu. On the morning of the but succeeded in securing a hold on Brother Snow was his hair floating up31st of March, we came to anchor the boat. on the water around one end of the

about one mile from the mouth of the "A short time afterwards the capcapsized boat. As soon as we got him

little harbor of Lahaina. tain was discovered, about fifty yards into our boat, we told the boatmen to

"Apostles Ezra T. Benson and from us. Two sailors, one on each side, pull for the shore with all possible

Lorenzo Snow and Brother Alma L. succeeded in keeping him on the surspeed. His body was stiff, and life apSmith and myself got into the small face, although life was apparently exparently extinct.

boat to go on shore. Brother Joseph tinct. "Brother A. L. Smith and I were sit-

F. Smith, as he afterwards stated, had "Nothing yet had been seen of ting side by side. We laid Brother

some misgivings about going in that Brother Snow, although the natives had Snow across our laps and, on the way boat, but the manifestation was not been swimming and diving in every to shore, we quietly administered to sufficiently strong to indicate any gendirection in search for him. The peohim and asked the Lord to spare his life,

eral accident. He preferred to remain ple, as soon as they discovered our that he might return to his family and

on board the vessel until the boat recircumstances, manned a life boat and home.

turned. The boat started for the shore. hurried to the rescue. We were taken "On reaching the shore, we carried

It contained some barrels and boxes, into the boat, when the crew wanted him a little way to some large empty the captain, a white man, two or three to row for the shore, and pick up the barrels that were lying on the sandy native passengers, and the boat's crew, captain by the way. We told them beach. We laid him face downwards

who were also natives. The entrance that one of our friends was yet missing, on one of them and rolled him back

to the harbor is a very narrow passage and we did not want to leave. We disand forth until we succeeded in getting

between coral reefs, and when the sea covered that a second boat had left the the water he had swallowed out of him.

is rough, it is very dangerous, on acshore and could reach the captain as "During this time a number of percount of the breakers. Where the vessoon as the one we were in. Seeing sons came down from the town. Among

sel lay, the sea was not rough, but only them was Mr. E. P. Adams, a merchant.

presented the appearance of heavy All were willing to do what they could.

swells rolling to the shore..i?- We washed Brother Snow's face with

"As we approached the reef it was camphor, furnished by Mr. Adams. We

evident to me that the surf was running did not only what was customary in higher than we anticipated. I called such cases, but also what the Spirit

the captain's attention to the fact. We seemed to whisper to us.

were running quartering across the "After working over him for some waves, and I suggested that we change time, without any indications of returnour course so as to run at right angles ing life, the bystanders said that nothing with them. He replied that he did not more could be done for him. But we

think there was any danger, and our did not feel like giving him up, and course was not changed. We went still prayed and worked over him, with

but a little farther when a heavy swell an assurance that the Lord would hear struck the boat and carried us before and answer our prayers.

it about fifty yards. When the swell "hi "Finally we were impressed to place

passed it left us in a trough between our mouth over his and make an effort two huge waves. It was too late to to inflate his lungs, alternately blowing

retrieve our error, and we must run in and drawing out the air, imitating, our chances. When the second swell as far as possible, the natural process

struck the boat, it raised the stern so of breathing. We persevered in this

high that the steersman's oar was out until we succeeded in inflating his lungs.

of the water, and he lost control of After a little, we perceived very faint the boat. It rode on the swell a short indications of returning life....

distance and swung around just as the "When this result was reached, it wave began to break up. We were must have been fully one hour after

almost instantly capsized into the dashthe upsetting of the boat. A Portuing, foaming sea. guese man, living in Lahaina, who, from

"I felt no concern for myself about DOWN THE SIERRA NEVADAS IN 1865 (Concluded on page 630) ofc $ojcL; an*L ihsL flbimamswL

Ah&wsdh. hidu Pianxlyw&ilc. PSALM 19, VERSE 1.

THE STORY OF THE

TELESCOPE

Holland. Lippershey wanted a

By patent, but other wouldbe inventors appeared and said they had

WINIFRED known about the telescope all along.

HEATH Theing Lippersheyauthorities compromiseda good incomeby givfor life with the strict understanding that the telescope idea was to be kept

HOUSING OBSERVATORY,PALOMAR FOR in Holland. Even when the King TELESCOPE LARGEST WORLD'STHE

down. The boy was much too busy of France wanted a telescope, he

to hear the door open or see his had to do much persuasive talking master. and pay a very high price to the

since the dawn days of "So you waste my valuable time, Dutch Parliament.

Everman's life on the earth he has as usual."The Dutch government had anscanned the heavens above him But the lad was too excited to be other very good idea—it wanted the

and wondered, awed by their scared. same kind of instrument for both

beauty, scarcely dreaming of their "Master, Master, a miracle has eyes, and so the world got the conimmeasurable distances and depth. happened. Please, please look venient binoculars.

David, dreaming on the hills of Palthrough these two glasses!"News of the telescope, however,

looked and Lippershey kept in was could Jan not Holland, be and into words the wonderfulestine, put

'apprenyoung as his as startled in being they soon were made of just all humble students thatthings the skies have felt. The story of tice. France and in Britain, where they

is everything upwere known by the quaint name ofthe telescope is the record of man's "Master, why unceasing longing to learn more of side down?""Dutch Trunks."

God's great handiwork in the heaJan got out of that awkward moThe world's first known picture back get lad the ment by bidding of a telescope using a appeared man the brightly sun, the moon,vens—the to to set work But Jan work. in the 1609, and Simon owner was most of to as withshining stars. And

finally succeeded he out, and people Marius. in those were There the telefind inventions, greatestman's

first teleworld's the in producing the telescope as regarded days who humble beginning. a veryscope had

Back in the thirteenth century a scope. a sinful thing since it seemed to show

gentleman of the fine city of Florence He submitted his paper tube with a lack of gratitude to God for our in Italy invented spectacles. They the two lenses to the States Genown good eyes. Perhaps that is why

it highly, for the artist who painted the picture ofwere mentioned in an old manuscript, eral, who approved of as follows: "Those glasses they they felt it would help them to keep Simon Marius gave him a rather

call spectacles, lately invented, to an eye on the armies of Spain who sinister, sour expression.

the great advantage of poor old men were trying hard to enslave brave (Continued on page 634) when their sight grows weak."

It was these spectacles which made the telescope possible. About

a century after the invention of glasses a certain young apprentice who worked in the optical shop of

Lippershey, the Jan good Dutchman, two to pick up lenses inREVOLVINGPALOMAR OBSERVDOME,happened tended for some "poor old gentleman 000ATORY.LBS. OF 1,700,-STEEL

with weak eyes."For some reason THISWERE SECTION.USED IN

he put one on top of the other, a concave lens over a convex, and the Photoscourtesy usedT. V.bg

result was so amazing that he nearly Watterson, Jr.

dropped them. He could actually

see the town church with its steeple, weathervane, and cock, but they had all moved close to him, and stranger still, they were all upside

SaqjDL x>, ihsL HANDCART PIONEERS An Epitome in Bronze by Torleif S. Knaphus

By JOHN SHERMAN WALKER

Thebravedhandcartthe dangerscompaniesof the Morthat A STUDY OF TORLEIF KNAPHUS IN HIS STUDIO mon Trail from 1856 to 1860 are acknowledged to be among the heroism. The ranks of those parties,

most courageous emigrants of all comprised mostly of converts from time. Without even the protection England and Scandinavia, were pitilands and those waiting on the fronthat the coveredwagon trains had, fully thinned by the storms of an tier who desired to make the journey

the hardy men, women, and children early western winter and the effects to Utah and who lacked the funds to of these later expeditions pushed and of starvation when their meager supoutfit wagons, to adopt the handcart pulled their handcarts, containing all plies ran out. Edward Martin's mode of travel.

of their earthly possessions, through company, following the Willie The first handcart companies to rivers, over sage flats and mounparty, suffered particularly, huddled cross the plains were led by Edmund tainous trails the full thirteen hunin the scant protection of a ravine on Ellsworth and Daniel McArthur redred miles from Iowa City to Utah. the bleak western plains, five hunspectively. A third group of Welsh

The suffering and hardships they dred miles from their destination in Saints, under command of Edward experienced at times on the trail seem the Salt Lake Valley. Bunker, followed shortly after, in

too, scarcely credible to those who today Many of them perished before June of 1856. Most of them,

enjoy the luxury of modern travel supplies could be rushed to them; reached their destination safely,

despair grief of their land and had to be in bowed new down happy facilities. overdisasters which The

still those able they that to continue their were Zion, praising who God their certain expeditions took of gives the reader pause, to marvel at the trip; yet, the complaints were had been enabled at last to worship

the devotion and determination of comparatively few. There was a as they wished.

these Latterday Saints who braved large purpose behind their journey It is fitting that this epic of the the wilderness with nothing more to the west—the promise of freedom Mormon handcart pioneers should

than their bare hands and the and protection that only the far, have inspired sculptorartist Torleif strength of their muscles and the looming Rocky Mountains could af- S. Knaphus, a convert and staunch

hope in their hearts to carry them on ford them. Latterday Saint, to perpetuate this

to their Valley of Promise. It was necessary for a great many theme in the enduring medium of

of the Mormon Saints from foreign bronze, for many of those who travcompanies Willie and Martin The of this notable are examples humble THEBY "HANDCARTTORLEIF KNAPHUSPIONEERS,"elledverts,thusdrawnwere fromLatterdaythe sameSaintcourcon- ageous, hardy Norwegian stock as he.

The Scandinavian sagas of old were told no more forcefully than is the history of the handcart pioneers as epitomized in the Knaphus handcart statue which for so many years has been one of the featured attractions in the Bureau of Information on Temple Square in Salt Lake

City.

Now in the course of completion in the Knaphus studios on Richards

Street, just off Salt Lake City's busy

Main Street, is an enlarged replica of the famous statue, which represents perhaps the finest conception ever achieved of the Mormon handcart pioneers, in its heroic size attaining {Continued on page 636) \\ THE MOTHER OF GRASS VALLEY #, Xwwl Tbd&otL JJul Si&u

PRIZE WINNING STORY IN THE M. I. A.

SCOUT THEME PROJECT CONTEST

By REED BROWN It was in this field that Christian Age 14 was injured by a knifeedged flint on which he stepped. Infection set Scout of Troop 6-19,

in, and the boy died a few days later Koosharem, Utah—only six months after the death of

his father.

This troublestricken family was Koosharem, Utah very much consoled when the LatDecember 16, 1940 terday Saint missionaries came to Mr. Paul P. Ashworth,

HUNDRED SEVENvisit them. Crasten became more Richfield, Utah.

Sir: Dear yearsTEEN the city of ago in his Copendisturbed as mother more and QNE T was selected by the Boy Scouts of girlhagen, a into baby born intent to was going of on the idea grew

* to troop 6-19 write an originalthe Peter family. Holestie Karen dreadAmerica. felt even more He story relative. of I prenear some selected thewas as her missionaries name by converted ful when the ferred writing of sketch a brief

family and she was christened her to the Mormon religion, and she life of my greatgrandmother, Karenthe

Karen Holestie. Her childhood was began making plans for a journey Nelson. I have on the following

to life histhe attempted write pagesspent living conditions, in poor but to "the world."Karen new When tory of ideal a noble and woman, neverthelessshe was happy. She that convince could not him he of Grass "The Valley."Mother

seemed blessed even then with the should go with them, she was forced Sincerely, goodnatured optimism that folto go without him. She boarded Reed Brown.

lowed her throughout life. the ship Stavanger, waved goodbye Age 14.

Karen was married while still to her friends, and sailed away.

young and the first years of married Although when Karen and her life with Christian Christensen four children walked aboard the passed quickly. During that time ship she was a stranger to everyone, though she had to carry John on her

six children were born: Crasten, before long nearly everyone knew back, Karen was always the leader

the oldest, then Peter, Christian, her because of her undying faith and of the company.

Stena, Mary, and John. good will. A very old man was their only

This young family lived contentThe days passed quickly and well. companion, and together they walked

edly together on their small farm, One morning, however, the luck day after day. How the people of

each doing his part to help earn a changed. The doctor announced a Chicago laughed when they saw this

livelihood. It seemed that such hapcase of typhoid fever caused by the strange sight. The old man carried

piness could not last because soon stagnant water that was being car- a sack of fat pork on his back which a disaster came which caused a ried for drinking. Everyone rethe hot sun had melted, and his

change in the life of the entire family. mained isolated, but the dread clothes were completely saturated

Christian, the father, gave the undisease reached little Mary, Two with grease.

usual complaint that he was not feeldays later she died. It is almost unbelievable, the ening very well. Karen willingly went The griefstricken family and durance they possessed and the

to do the chores for the night. To passengers gathered together for a hardships they overcame. It would

her horror and dismay, her husband short funeral service, then they be impossible to write the many was dead when she returned from placed the little girl in a clothlined trying experiences they had on that the corral. box and lowered it into the water. long trip across the plains.

The next few months were spent In 1866, Karen and her children in terrible bereavement. The comarrived in Utah. They had been

plete responsibility of making a liv- 'hen the Christensens on the way for two years. She seting was left to Karen and the chilleft their homeWH in Copenhagen, their tled in Manti. Life was very hard

dren, but she did not give up. The destination was Utah, and Karen for them all. A few months after

next spring found her with her famwas not intending to give up until arriving in Manti, she married Nels ily in the fields plowing and tilling they got there. So right away they Nelson, Soon after Mr. Nelson took

the soil for the summers crops. set out westward on foot. Even ill and became bedridden. Later he

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

died, leaving Karen once more to face life alone with her family. VISIT TO MT. PISGAH In 1874, Church authorities called

on Karen to settle in Grass Valley.

She went willingly even though it By LEO J. MUIR

was a wild, unsettled land, inhabited President of the Northern States Mission by about four hundred Indians.

The party who headed for Grass Pisgah cemetery memorialBecause of severe winters, inadequateValley consisted of Karen, her only MT.izes one of the most tragic chapshelter, and scant food supply, many

unmarried child, John, who was now ters in early Mormon history. Saints in this colony died of exposure

fifteen years old, and three other The Mt. Pisgah settlement was estaband privation during the winters of

families. They soon made a peacelished by Parley P. Pratt in the early '46, '47, and '48. They lie buried beturf Pisgah. quiet of the neath Mt. of several 1846. thoumonths Hereful called they settlement which

It is this gratifying that heroic to note for acres culland of fenced sand were after Indian the"Koosharem"history has been experience in Church similar to that of project tivation—a the thatclover abundantly on grew of the memorialized. properly By lay approxiGrove, which Garden

hillsides. sidelane-—the a weedbordered eastward. miles mately twentyseven road—just

huge, stands stone perhaps rough a settlers All the were happy when served Pisgah Like Grove, Mt. Garden

the first crops matured successfully. two purposes: a resting place for the fortyfive inches high and securely set

Then one morning the people awoke exiled emigrants and a source of proin the ground. Cemented into the face

stone of this plaque which is a bronze for the companies moving westgraz- vision horses found the Indians'and: inscription following the bears ward. grain patch. in theiring peacefully

7, following a quarMonday, July settlement of the young menThe 1846 in conference Iowa District, West for terly horsescorralled the waited and MT. PISGAH

the Indians to come to claim them. SITE OF THE

The greeting they got from the InFIRST WHITE SETTLEMENT dian tribe was far from being IN UNION COUNTY friendly. They stood with scowling ERECTED BY THE

faces and folded arms while the NANCY McKAY HARSH settlers, old and young, filed out of CHAPTER the doorways to hear the message AND THE IOWA from Chief White Horse. Each SOCIETY

warrior clenched a tomahawk, and D. A. R.

it was evident that they had planned 1928 a massacre of the white settlers.

The other women pleaded with Mt. Pisgah consists of a single acre

Karen to come and be killed with of ground—a perfect square—facing

the rest of them so that she would east and sloping gradually toward the not be left alone to be tortured to west. This acre plot is securely fenced

death by the tribe of ruthless killers. and is covered by a soft carpet of native

But all their pleadings were in vain. grass, customarily mowed once each

Karen declared she didn't have time year.stand inSixirregulartrees, mostorderof themnear thehickory,east

to be frightened by the Indians, and border of the tract. A stately monuso stayed home and knitted a pair ment, erected in 1888, marks the exact

of socks for John. center of this plot. This monument

After an argument with the InWHITEHEADMT. PISGAH (STANDING,MONUMENT, LEFT),WITH WALTERPRESIDENTF. stands upon the midpoint of a pedestal

faces solid of the four of the and cement LEO RIGHT), MUIR (STANDING, AND at angrierdians, they even grew

P. (SEATED,J. LEFT RIGHT), TO ELDERS JAMES of buried those the carry names column settlers, with whitethe a loud and C. HAWKES, FREDERICK LYNN AND

into following there, the in addition NELSON. PICTURE ELDER THE TAKEN BY K. WASBALLI, their destructive theywarcry began E. ALLEY. GERALD scription:mission. One of the elder men,

Massiah Bahannan, was being apit was my privilege to make a second This monument—erected A. D. 1888

proached by a warrior when he visit to this sacred spot. Walter F. in memory of those members of the

dropped to his knees and began Whitehead, formerly of Provo, Utah, Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday 1848 in 18461847, and died Saints who of of misparty took a Iowa, and nowpraying. very Indians were The their to seek during exodus a home sionaries automobile from Des bysuperstitious, they saw and when the Mountains. beyond Rocky

to Pisgah. addition In to Mt.this, to Moines calling he they thought was

there Brother myself and Whitehead seekers souvenir or have Vandalstheir "Shenab."became They God in District the President party the stone chiseled the of face a from diswere immediately frightenedvery and Balli P. Elders Frederick K. and James in six inches inches fragment two by settlers leavingpersed, widethe Alley, Gerald E. C. and Hawkes, Lynn off capital size the takes which "H"eyed amazement. with is Pisgah approximately Nelson. Mt. Huntington. the of William The name

) ( slightly forty miles south of west in Des died Valley Grass Karen when is or otherwise not damaged monument she was eightythree years old and Moines. It is five miles northwest of defaced.

was never known to have an enemy, Thayer, Union County, Iowa.

Editor's "Improvement 1846, the Note: 18th Presday of May, An On friends.but her were many

article appearPisgah several on ident and of Era"Brigham Mount Young truer sentiment a Never was in to 21 this 20 ing apostles 40, visited pages the hamlet volume and spoken than that of the bishop of effected a temporary Church organizauary, 1937) gives further details(Janon

Koosharem when he said, "Here tion. Elder William Huntington was Mount Pisgah, including a complete list

lies the most noble character I have appointed president, with Elders Ezra of those who were buried there, whose ever known, the Mother of Grass T. Benson and Charles C. Rich as counnames are inscribed upon the faces of

Valley."selors. the monument.

TANGIBLE PAYMENT 'he story of two who found something that mattered more.

Alice swept in, saying quietly:

special darlings."are "These my

children her greeted with such looked By GEORGE PETRICK The Kolton H,,erb decided that of glee uproar an across Herb his desk toward for some time

Alice Weil, who pecked at a type- "But this is different,"insisted she was also their darling.

writer modestly and most efficiently, Alice, her brown eyes soft with a "Aunt Alice,"cried a little girl, before he grasped her chair and kindness that made Herb gulp. "This her face shining with a happiness alswung her around: is a place where people make a 'home'most too much for such a small perrealize I've been trying you "Do for children until they find them a son to hold. She tugged at Alice's "enter intoto a conversation with real 'home.'dress.

you?"he said, perching himself on "It is?""What is it, Doris?"dropping to

the litter of papers. "Oh, it is. Why not come with her knees so that her lips were close

Alice waved him off: "I haven't me the next time I go out for a visit?"to the beaming child. Other chiltime to talk with you."Had anyone but Alice asked this, dren flocked around, until Alice was

"What's so frightfully imporhe would have refused immediately. engulfed in a clamor of laughter and

tant?"But he could not deny her. calls. From the side, Herb watched

"A little girl wants a doll,"her Herb was doubtful about any posand marvelled.

earnest,eyes becoming trip. a "and sible to value gained the new from be distributed Alice her After haddress. hair like life boy with to trained him His whole had A little gifts last the wriggling kissed andwell,"with glance quick at a him, distrust, for his experience had excitement, of bundle she joyous"like yours, pair of needs selfish a people that new him were shown is children, to Herb. "This, turned

trousers tore for the ones false, all he while for themand hard and Mr. Kolton, a friend of mine."playing baseball. of both only, them selves with themselves no And and

stern shy, afraid of his were They dozens for those them. around—and of others—need a lot consideration to willing but behim welcomeof other things."to the face, work at Then Alice came cause he was a friend of Aunt Alice. his curiosity. stared He next her curious mixture desk and returned their greetings with Herb ever you "Have naiveness had the feeling of competence and drew

a grimness made worse by his ownof interest. not belonging to anyone?"asked his completely so Her work uneasiness.Alice. office that noise the her absorbed

His lips tightened. Yes, he had. and action swirled around her with- "Weren't they marvelous, Herb?"

After his father's death in the exout penetrating the shell of isolashe glowed, on the way home.

plosion at work, his mother struggled tion. Particularly was this true He smiled wistfully, longing to

to rear the little boy. And when she when, after her regular tasks were capture the same exaltation that she

died.... It was all something that completed, she entered into her had. But he could not. To him,

Herb had shunted into the back of church activities. the youngsters remained only noisy

his mind, content to let it remain a Herb smiled down at her now as children, clamoring for attention and dim anguish. Now Alice's question they stopped before the Children's favor. Certainly they were to be

tore it back out of the years he Home, although he still harbored a pitied. But that was all.

wanted to forget. twinge of resentment and doubt. "That first little one was sort of

All this he tried to explain and in "Well,"with anticipation lilting cute,"he admitted.

some measure his fumbling words did in her voice, "here we are."Herb "Doris? Oh, she's such a sweet

convey what an orphanage had nodded gloomily. "Oh, come on,"little thing. And so excited about

the party we're planning."meant to him—the cold, forbidding seizing his arm as he hesitated,

regulations; the iron shell of system "you'll love some of these youngand order; the stern, unloving atsters."He shrugged his shoulders. In the days that followed,

tendants, blind to the timid wistfulPausing only to fling a brief greetHerb found the time after regular ness of the children around them. ing to the capable woman at the door, { Continued on page 614)

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

CHIAPAS By Charles E. Dibble RUINS JJin. QommondmsmiA.

Mexico's southernmost state, Chiapas, is dotted with ruins, most FOR well covered with vegeof them tation and as yet unstudied. These

ruins belong to the ancient culture of the Maya. Excavation and research in TEACHERS

the region of the Maya has established with reasonable certainty a number of facts regarding these monticulos or By HECTOR LEE "little mountains":

First: represents of earth The mountain

"firstnighters"in the last structure covers two There are and usually or three earlier structures. Church classes as there are in

structure pyramidshaped Second: The thecation—courses"firstnighters"offered in secularwho feeledutherepresents the foundation or only base of

a building. The summit was never pointed need for further advancement in unbut leveled off, and over a small square was derstanding the Gospel or for enerected a small temple with walls of wood, lightenment in any form, but who

adobe or stone. The rooms were small and

few in number, sometimes only one or two. quickly lose interest for one cause

Windows or openings for light were not or another and simply don't bother very common, and when they did occur they to come again. There are always

it information matter with packed how verywere faithful, small and usually in the form of the to who "endure the is, will to the course Learn down. bog

.a T end,"not but the greater number are the subject see your and of your humor

Third: These ruins do not represent the so determined. Skillful teaching can students will enjoy you.

inhabited part of the ancient cities but rather the civic and religious centers of the people. win and keep these "firstnighters."6. Be yourself. Affectations of dress,

The Maya of a thousand years ago lived Here is a decalogue which may respeech, or manner arouse disgust, not and built their homes much as do the presmind a people who are primarily a admiration. If necessary, seek out that

natives.entday of A framework slender teaching people to cross the "t"and takerare friendhim to whovisit willyourtellclass;you getthe himtruth,topoles securely together is bound covered

with palm leaves. The palm leaves are so dot the "i"in "teaching."describe honestly your teaching personplaced that the smoke from the fire within ality, and then believe everything bad

filters through the roof, but the rain torrents 1 Be interested in your students—sinhe tells you. And remember that affrom without seldom enter. cerely, not superficially; individually, not fectations of thought, poses in attitude

collectively. Be alert to their ambitions, and opinion, are to the man of sense just

desires, and tastes; be sympathetic when as nauseating as any other form of inthey are in distress. Be their friend, sincerity.

and they will be yours. 7. Be sensible. Look in the mirror

2. Be interested in their course. Preoccasionally and see. Listen to your

pare your lessons. Know your material voice occasionally and hear. One can

so well that your students will respect be neat even if he is not handsome; one

you for your knowledge and have concan show good taste even if he is very fidence in you as a teacher. The student poor.

who is able to see the bottom of a 8. Be loyal to your superiors and to

teacher's knowledge soon loses interest. the other teachers. People do not respect a person who criticizes his su-

A NATIVE VILLAGE OF TODAY, OR OF 1000 A. D. 3. Be patient. Never forget that periors. If you do not agree with a

learning is elaborate and painful toil for policy or method, the best you can do some people and that you are their masis keep your mouth shut when around ter in knowledge only, their servant in your students. There will be other

all else. proper—times and places for you to

4. Be honest. If you don't know the assert your dissatisfaction.

answer, don't try to bluff.... Another 9. Be progressive. Try to keep up

kind of honesty is keeping promises; with the world and always keep ahead

to pictures forget don't bring those or of your students—in your own field,

that chart promised last week. you And anyway.

don't fail to attend your own class regularly and punctually. 10. Be optimistic. "There is nothing

either good or bad, but thinking makes

A MOUND STILL COVERED WITH VEGETATION 5. Be cheerful. If the teacher is longit so."(Adult Education Bulletin, April,

IN HUIXTLA, CHIAPAS. faced, the class will be dull; and no 1941.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

LOOKING BACK AT d?AVJiWL

dncifwL (hn&hiajL By WILLIAM and DEWEY FARNSWORTH By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

aCTUALLY there is a difference of only seven hundred ninetythree words between the number of words attributed to Jesus of Nazareth, as recorded by Matthew, whose account of the Savior's career is more complete than any other of the New

Testament authors, and the number of words uttered by the resurrected Christ during His ministry on the American continent, as recorded in the Book of

Mormon in Third Nephi. St. Matthew

gives 14,148 words and Third Nephi 13,355 words as spoken by the Redeemer.

IN BLOCKS SAN CEMENT But Nephi, referring to the instrucAT MUSEUM JUAN TEOTIHUACAN in especially Throughout which is twentytions the assembled throngs received Mexico and San Juan Teotihuacan eight miles northeast of Mexico City, are found evidences of cement of superior from Christ, freely admitted: "And

quality. the grades chiefly are of coarse gravel modern While composed with a now there cannot be written in this effecting fine the ancients cement, topping of their base, used sand for a product

which has endured for hundreds of years. Added to this, these ancient builders book even a hundredth part of the

to also of coloring the art have perfected remnants seemed of cement, which are at things which Jesus did truly teach the places. found in blocks in the numerous huge of cement These museum

Teotihuacan are covered with hieroglyphics and pictures depicting the art of writing people."(3 Nephi 26:6.)

in its primitive form. We may contrast the comparative

scarcity of direct information in these two books with the mass of knowledge that daily comes within our grasp: a

metropolitan newspaper could print the 27,503 words quoted by both Matthew and Nephi in less than four and onehalf pages of newsprint, while a radio station could easily broadcast the same information in four hours and fortyfive minutes. The news editor figures that

eight hundred words fill a column, eight columns make a page, and a radio announcer averages one hundred words a minute.

PYRAMIDS AT TOLUCA

Below) (Above and Sixtyone have members become men is situated picturesque little village the City of Toluca whose Near Mexico the of during the Twelve the Quorum eleven of about has recently archaeological pyramids zone been uncovered. Only of

three mounds have been entirely excavated, "Calmecatl'or priests college on trie past one hundred and six years. Their

this higher the up, lower level, "Quetzalcoatl"pyramid above and "Temple of average age upon appointment has skulls, wall or of house of the outer Tlaloc"on which may be and "Tzompantli"likewise walls skulls stone, in sculptured seen ten protruding the same from forty years. been and threefourths

four of stone inches in diameter the 250 hung were to which "pegs"of have served for an average They of sacrificed prisoners. stones pyramids and of uncut heads are formedit is thought These

its structure in picture the the kind only shown one of round cement and twenty years youngest each. The

continent. excavations the on American to be found roundis openthe The the Apostle to be ordained A. was George use. to to a archaeologists their source of have foreground as dispute been inThey

bins. cisterns the storage for of water, been have even have or grain may Some Smith, of years twentytwo was who

that interiors opinion the ventured as of their because blackened they used were age; the oldest to be appointed was fire for the ores. of boxes melting

Charles W. Penrose, at seventytwo.

Alonzo A. Hinckley had the shortest

career as an active member of the Council of the twelve: two years and two

months. Franklin D. Richards was a

quorum member for the longest period fifty years and ten months.

Six of the original Apostles, chosen in 1835, lost the faith and were excommunicated. Eleven of the sixtyone

Apostles were excommunicated; two of

these returned to the Church. Two

Apostles suffered martyrdom for their belief.

Twenty Apostles attained office before the Saints settled Utah; one

)SBKttsBKK&&&&$$ % of these, Willard Richards, was ordained while on a mission in England.

STRENGTH LIBERTY PARK DEDICATION

By Rose Thomas Graham Sartori Dott By Jones By Mabel it like is today; old park not was The like are memories a coverlet its woodywild, edges Around it was stormy day; on a f LOVE the temple past, his little gently trees folks MY Laid on that thick only so With

It stands so tall and firm, so soundly made Could wind between. The trunks were not Laid tenderly upon his every word,

It matches graying skies with deeper gray, so big, The first, the last.

us, if pulled hide our But would some we boldly, unafraid. the tempest meetsAnd

light as eiderdown, impervious skirts As its walls rain as though beat at andThe wind forgetfulness, cold tall tried to stretch as they. as In tight, and To

A thousand for those left the sacred years, played at hideand-seek, and peek-a- Protecting furies charged with wrath unWe curbed The joyousness. boo;

Would force an entrance with each pelting Then when our tired legs would run no more, blow. We'd hunt a little clearing in the shade This winter weeping nourishes the roots

The temple stands serene and unperturbed. To eat the lunch that mother had prepared, Of all his little deeds,

And listen to the birds, for it was spring. Restores again to fadeless blossoming

I would that I might build a stronghold thus, His boyish needs, it is like old park not today: was The of life should the winds blow whenThat tear single I lament of these no circle And then, as driveway a The now, was way my leaf watered it and stem That in dust; so not deep But and wide was

fuss fear or or doubt without themI'd meet full like if, Preserving a and sweet bouquet it rained, chance, the by would Or mud

But wisely, sanely, calmly live each day; fly. His life and them.

And stand aloof when trouble or despair Old Mat, the horse, would jog at steady heart's a From long harvesting and things pace,Would storm my faith and lay my ideals left, he the at the way, and middle road knew He bare.

I built and dedicate in turn the liked to horses where Would drink. This printed monument where he may be

We did not like, but patiently we'd wait Articulate,

THE BAD LANDS Till coaxhe had had enough; then we would Though his leaping pulse is stilled like

By Cristel Hastings To go around again. 'Twas summer now. Atfountainsthe park in fall,

I this is there and he as if it is like old park not today: The was a-sinkin'the in skylineSun's call. heard liftHe twigs leaf,my brush and are Dead raked clean up all gold; the country Makin'

burned: and valley rim a mountainsPurple

kept lawn In newly mowed. spraying The I've thar's been told; gold, soWhere hose CHOOSE WELL YOUR WORDS racin'madly goTumbleweeds

colors in rainbow dance drops. The water cease, that never the windsWith beautiful, 'Tis in very but youth my Elmore Harry By Huvd starved coyote at a duskAn'

through leaves kneehigh wade We'd and is peace. until thar noWails

the love is life swish laughter, word and unconHpHE crackle as ran, walked, or or we * fined-—an'lands, wicked. And are dry badThese

jumped, It bleeds seizes and weeps and on the mind died here an'have cayuseMan tumbled then to try down, again. Or up swift insistence. the With Write with word thirsted the they waterholeWhile

air, less the short, balmy now, The daytime care, far, near. nowWas mirage—now fire to race kitchen we'd So home fluid and Lest joy with despair, be tinctured flyin', cryin'Little keep winds

warmth all the to remaining days And a man o'this desert holeIn sand grief. dark with imminent arms we'd hug ourselves, for it was Be Let poets plan itTill to stay here longer With seems,

fall. fit the patterned with And regard words due stand. jus'Is than I can more

For men who bear their burdens up the hard it like old park is today: was not Steep slope of time—remembering that full o'mis'ry, The lands, are badThese

remaining trees of few years, The other death rest an'all theRattlesnakes,

But the winds keep blowin', knowin'Are, even now, brought low for newer And life are separated by a breath, green. final. brief Both well and Ponder long and I this o'old part West. am patterned flower beds appeal have selecting Before more symbols for your song here Do prospectin'around I'mSo

crooked paths Than did my will unkempt and Since the memorize men wondrous hills thar gold in them beMust trees? word. o'eternal the gold hopeMine's

children, their with slides, feel If it modern Do it is to has heal heard. power when fills. that waterhole a An

joy i Beyond my own in dried up leaves? Perhaps.

WEATHERVANE often But I'm when dreaming quite alone GRIEVE LET ME visions of the past And come back

Ernestine Mercer to me By all the it simple that With freedom brought, Dickey Watson Genneva

I like just God's park as be. to it used

"\17hat fun to be a weathervane [ never see the dropping leaves Photograph by Gladys Mildred Relyea And pose against the sky, stops and But something in me the destination of mark grieves, To tree parent theThough I know well that dances wind EachEach spring will bud forth cheerily; by,

And dropping leaves have rightful place To be so useful and so gay,

They net the ground with gypsy lace, By all the world looked up to;

And pouring lifestrength in the earth, Though leading such a fickle life

They help the rootlets starting birth. Remaining incorrupt, too.

Yet, ordered seasons all must pass, Now such a combination of

From tender green to frozen grass, Extremes is most disarming—

Yet, for one moment I must share Why, bless my heart, there's one thing that's

This grief of lost leaves in the air. Dependable and charming! m

=52 mB%urctrmoves

B. Cecil Gates Passes Two years later her family was

called to what is now Provo. There

T3 Cecil Gates, 54, former assistant she lived until she was eighteen when ** director of the Tabernacle Choir, her family again came to the Salt Lake and nationally known composer, died Valley.

August 29, at his home in Salt Lake She married Isaac Brockbank in the

City. Endowment House December 31, 1864.

In his lifetime he was the director of and moved to Holladay, where they the Lucy Gates Grand Opera Company lived for more than sixty years in the house. children same Twelve were sister, his for A. E. Mrs. now—named

to the couple. born Brockbank Mr. in operas played manyBowen—which 1927. in died suppleTheater, Saltthe old Lake

menting local musical talent with guest stars from the Metropolitan Opera Presidents Clark,

Company, and other eastern musical McKay, Have Birthdays organizations; director of the Salt Lake

.Oratorio Society; and head of the music HHwo members of the First Presidency

departments of the L. D. S. University marked birthdays during the

and the Utah State Agricultural Colmonth of September.

lege. He was an organizer of the McPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., quietCune School of Music. ly celebrated his seventieth birthdayHis bestknown musical arrangements September 1, by visiting his birthplace

include: compositions "Theand Lord's BRIGHAM CECIL GATES inoutdoorGrantsville,family Utah,dinnerandat hisattendingSalt Lakean Lives,"Prayer,"Redeemer "My

City home. Melodies, Neath Your"Cornfield

project every of 5. a by adoption The President David O. McKay, who the choral works andWindow,"region. the in Priesthood quorum in Huntsville, sixtyborn Utah, was Life,"and "Eternal"Restoration,"fraternalspirit 6. of a greater Develop

eight years September ago 8, marked"Resurrection Morning."ism.

Although ill health had required his 7. Improve the crafts and skills of all the date with a half day's work and

retirement years ago, he continued arChurch members and make a careful analysis by visiting in Ogden. In the evening

ranging musical compositions, putting of working power. he was honored by a family dinner in

the last touches on the second of two Salt Lake.

volumes of Gates Anthems only a day Last of 1847 before his death. Pioneers Dies South Salt Lake

his wife, Gweneth survived by He is Stake Created daughters, four Gweneth 'T'he last personal tie with the first Gates;Gibbs

G. Mulder, Emma Lou G. Ashton, year of Utah's pioneer history was Organization of the South Salt Lake

Helen and Ruth Gates; his father, severed August 18, with the death of Stake, the one hundred thirtyJacob F. Gates; Harvey and Frank Mrs. Mary Ann Park Brockbank, who eighth in the Church, was effected

Gates, brothers; Leah D. Widtsoe and was the sole surviving pioneer of 1847. August 31, by a division of the Wells

Emma Lucy Gates Bowen, sisters, and She was 98. and Grant Stakes. Axel J. Andresen

two grandchildren. She was four years old when she was sustained as stake president, with

Funeral services conducted Septementered Salt Lake Valley with her Hubert E. Record and S. Ross Fox as

ber 2 in the Assembly Hall were atthree sisters and parents in September, first and second counselors.

tended by all the First Presidency and 1847, all members of the Edward HuntThe Burton and Columbus Wards many other of the General Authorities. er and John Taylor wagon trains from were taken from the Wells Stake, and

The Tabernacle Choir sang music Winter Quarters. the Southgate, Central Park, and Miller

written by the late composer. Wards were taken from Grant Stake to

form the new unit. The Miller Ward

7 Point Welfare was then divided, creating the Eldredge stake giving six wards, Ward, the newProgram Outlined bishops: three of Herthem with new

the bert of Urry, Eldredge Ward: W. the memberChurch upon/alling

Miller of the Niels H. Hansen, Ward, take to production intensify -> ship to Solomon, and succeeding Edward J. years, five as forcare of needs as many of P. the Burton, Burton Ward, Jacob

of the Council ofElder Harold B. Lee Andresen. President succeeding

the Twelve and managing director of the Church Welfare Plan advised welThe stake was created under the diFielding rection of Elders Smith Joseph Salt Region on of Lakefare workers of of the Council Harold B. Lee and following: the adopt 12 toAugust

the Twelve.

1. Intensify production with no let up.

2. Provide fully for needs of worthy Joseph E. Robinson Dies

members. 3. Urge all families in the region to Joseph E. Robinson, 73, president of

store food for at least one year. The Welthe California Mission from 1901 to

fare officers should give aid and instruc1919, died at his Los Angeles home.

foods. nonperishable in storingtions in 7. active career long, His August plan but not wait emergency for an 4. Do state included memberthe and Church future could the for projects whichWelfare

provide work for all members, even those ship in the Utah constitutional convenwho may be prosperous today. MARY ANN PARK BROCKBANK tion in 1895.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Tabernacle Choir has been announced by Dr. Franklin A. K. Anastasiou, acting president of

Sings on Coast L. West, Church Commissioner of the British Mission in the Millennial

Education. Star. In the same issue, July 10, it was

all will In his of the since that capacity Elder tenets three reported the powerful American new WoodThe in in assist ideal, directing a years prayer one and. the missionaries a an withdrawn were work two

. this inexemplified program eight provide missionaries British seminaries ago, thirteen which have.song—were. churchthe prohundred

varied apparent but the ideal wasgram was instruction religious six apiece and served weekday have months and now idealism, a of all,in the a religious words other activities thoureturned to for twentytwo while twentytheir homes, to modernistschallenge an exhortation and offered in sand students of high school age in the seven others are now in the field.to the faithful. were Prayers

the music.... The choir... has an unintermountain area.

usual balance and blend... maintains a New B. Y. U. Building

smooth symphonic quality. Ten Seminary Installs Chimes

Teachers Named Such was the praise written by Isabel A SET of chimes is being installed in

Morse Jones, music editor of the Los "P\r. Franklin L. West, Church "** the tower of the new Joseph Smith

Angeles Times after hearing the Salt Commissioner of Education, anBuilding at Brigham Young UniverLake Tabernacle Choir sing the tradinounces the following new appointsity. The chimes, a gift from the 1940

tional Mormon hymns and songs loved ments as seminary instructors: J. Walgraduating class, will be connected to

wherever music is heard, in their aplace Johnson teaching at Lyman, Wyo- a public address system with a loud pearance at the famed Hollywood Bowl ming; S. George Ellsworth teaching at speaker in the tower that will magnify

on August 20, before an audience of Bunkerville, Nevada; Eldin Ricks the notes electrically so that the chimes

fifteen thousand. teaching at Overton, Nevada; Ellis H. may be heard over the campus.

The next night, August 21, the TabRasmussen teaching at Weston, Idaho;

highest received theernacle teaching Choir at Mesa, George T. Boyd and B. Y. U. Plans theypraise in as principal; where at Phoenix, Arizona, San Francisco, Anwere presented by the San Francisco thony I. Bentley teaching at Afton, Founder's Day

at in Civic the Association AudiChristensen teachingOpera Wyoming; Jay S. has Harris Franklin President

five of to audience Sanford,torium Colorado; Calsome an Manassa, and

1 1 annual as the October announced persons. at teaching vinthousand EscaBartholomew

at Brigham Founder's Young Day cities special lante, proclaimed L. Utah; Dean, Both had Harold Menan, held exercises, to University. be The choir. Idaho. the in Cherrington, Grace, of Idaho; honordays Jack will Building, in Smith the Joseph new left for Salt choir City Lake The life teachings built the and around be

17, Angeles Sunday, AugustLos on Elder Speaks Brown building the after of the man whom broadcast, the regularfollowing and Fort Lewis, At Washington the of part important named. was An of eighteen train specialtraveled a by will the dedicathis year, program, be B. the Churchforty four Brown,cars, "Plder hundred than with Hugh more

building. this tion of -L'three hunthe Coordinator, than board,people more was on Army

dred of whom were choir members, speaker at the Sunday evening servand returned via San Francisco a week ices in the United States Army Chapel Relief Society Board later, August 23, after a trip of more at Fort Lewis, Washington. In his Adds New Member

miles. Lester for called righteousness, he thousandthan F. address two "r\R. Madsen, Jepperson Florence

choir, president the of temptation, toHewlett, strength withstand made and at of Brigham music professor tour in as faith. livesthe cited the cases with tour Thomas He J. W. appointed has University been of Young conCornwall, Spencer Lincoln prayermanager, where and Washington J. Relief of Sothe the Board to General in part L. Evans, guidingductor; important commenRichard very a played of also ciety. chairman made She was soloist tenor nation.tator; Condie, P. of leadership the Richard the meetThe committee music Society Relief the assistant conductor, Alexander ing the well attended and bothand by was men musical special is planning which Asper, the of nearin Dr. the uniformSchreiner Frank members and and W. year. centennial the 1942 events of the AshBishop ofaccompanists. Marvin branches O. Church. by

ton met the choir in Los Angeles and returned with them. (See also page British Mission Sets Two Chapels Dedicated

581.) Apart Home Missionaries The Elmhurst Ward Chapel of the

* AuStake was dedicated Oakland missionaries were hundred /\ne home J. Becomes Karl Wood of Charles A. Callis 31, by Elder - British set the in apart mission begust AideSeminary of the the Twelve. Council 1, Elder 10, wrote and July tween June

The Mt. Pleasant South Ward,

of Karl Wood, Appointment J. dedicated Stake, Sanpete was North*"* LEFT, TABERNACLE CHOIR VIEW OF THE principal the of formerly Hyrum, President Reuben September 14, by J. IN BOWL, A AND RIGHT, HOLLYWOOD to seminary, a seminaryUtah, become Clark, VAST AUDIENCE THAT PART OF THE Jr.

supervisor in the Church School system, CAME TOPhotosHEAR courtesyTHEM. Deseret News. (Continued on page 604)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Hawaii Honors L. D. S. People

Preceding the dedication of the Oahu * Stake tabernacle, The Honolulu

StarBulletin, "Hawaii's greatest newspaper,"ran four pages of illustrated material pertaining to the new building.

About twentyfour articles of wide interest pertaining to the Mormon Church were printed along with many beautiful pictures.

Editor Riley H. Allen's leading editorial congratulates the L. D. S. people

and he remarks:

This tabernacle is more than a remarkably beautiful building from which all the people of Hawaii may benefit and of which this city may very well be proud. It is

more than an outward symbol of a particular religious sect. It is a monument to

the remarkably fine record of substantial, upright citizenship which the members of the Mormon faith have established in HaTHE NEW OAHU STAKE TABERNACLE waii as well as elsewhere.

President McKay, The Mormons have been in these islands have conTheyBishop Wirthlin Return Priesthood Pageant Planned nowtributednearlylargelya century.to the..growth. meanwhile

For October 1-3 of Hawaii to its present cultural, industrial, returnedDresident David O. McKay

1, af- P*ighteen Stakes of the Salt Lake and religious dimensions. City September to Salt Lake

will join in presenting regionter dedicating the Stake Tabnew Oahu the Arizona Pioneer Descendants pageant, Priesthood "Prepare 17,ernacle August tour Aaronic a making and of the Hawaiian and the Japanese MisYe the Way,"October 1 to 3, in the Observe Historic Fete sions there in the islands. President Salt Lake Tabernacle under the direcMcKay was accompanied by Bishop tion of the Presiding Bishopric. The Tn the shadow of Graham Peak

Joseph L. Wirthlin and Sisters McKay pageant, written by Evelyn N. Wood, where the historic Jacob Hamblin

and Wirthlin. (See also page 640.) will have over one thousand persons family paused in its wanderings, the

in the cast, including a chorus of four descendants of that family and of other

New Grant Stake tionhundredof N.fiftyLorenzovoicesMitchell.under the direchardbittenThatcher, Arizona,pioneerson Julygathered24, 1941,at

Ward Formed in commemoration of the 94th anniWyoming Preserves versary of the arrival in Salt Lake

Cpringview Ward, Grant Stake, was Old Pioneer Road Valley of Brigham Young and his band created 31, August a division of by pioneers, 1847. 24, Mormon July land, strip of of hun- a of "Cencing two

Iristhe B. Ward. Wandamere Mor- * The Graham County Mormons, long, half feet mile dred a wide and the of asgan bishop was sustained new strong, 3,000 their some count among State dehighway by the Wyomingward. of those number pioneers same many section of has preserved partment a a

nearcentury old highway across the whose faces are etched with the lines

Visitors To Temple nation. Located twentytwo miles east of early day hardships in Arizona.

silence These pregnant watched in a Farson, distance a short but andSquare Gain of memories while a pageant historic Pacific by the Springs, fenced with the from

St. of the members is deStake hill Joseph portion partly a top where on registering at\7isitors the Temple picted the trek of it the column in the storms. cannot with Mormon This wash v in Salt Square Mission City Lake Illinois, to Salt from Nauvoo, setroad Lake used Oregonbound by was

3, from 1, through 1941 August January City, to tlers, thence Arizona. of Scenes Pioneers, California and Mormon 286,- 390,876, withnumbered compared despair its tragedy and encountered goldrushers. height of the on At for last year, the acperiod644 same early trail career, every those hand the by beaten "ten Morday wagwas to reportcording Taylor, of a H. John impressively the ruts ons toward as mons three wide"as moved with much president. themission In case each feet climax, choir deep. the intervening wherein the of from decades Pima The

all globe.visitors of the parts from came trampling catstorm Saints"sang and sheep and "Come, by Ye Come Ward

tle have failed to fill in the path westOther scenes depicted the trials of the

William H. Pettigrew Dies ward. Jacob Hamblin family.

presidency the of the of Smith M. J. Church Musicians 81, of Pettigrew, H. head7illiam St. Thatcher, Stake, Arizona, Joseph

Institute Attend vv the Salt proof readthat Lake the Temple considered not urged be day ing department, and former mayor of "\\7ith leading musicians as consult- a holiday, but a holy day in the history

Nephi, died in his Salt Lake City home, ants, music teachers who direct of the Church. Reported by I. ThomSeptember 4. He was the father of classes for choristers and organists asson Naumann.

Alma H. Pettigrew of the Y. M. M. throughout the Church participated

I. A. General Board. August 28, in their annual Teachers'Triplets Enter Missionfield

His life of activity for the Church Institute at the McCune School of and civic groups included a mission to Music and Art in Salt Lake City. "Plders William A., Willis A., and

the Southern States, 189193, a term as More than five thousand students Willard A. Jensen, triplet sons of

bishop of the Nephi First Ward, and have enrolled in classes conducted in Mr. and Mrs. Hyrum A. Jensen of

membership in the commission which the past six years as a result of this Marion, Summit County, Utah, left Salt erected the Mormon Battalion monuinstitute, which is under the direction Lake City, September 18, to labor in ment on the Utah State Capitol grounds. of the Church Music Committee. the Spanish American Mission.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Mural of First Primary Dedicated A mural depicting the organization "of the first Primary of the Church was unveiled and dedicated amid impressive services on Sunday, August 24, in the Farmington Ward Chapel, scene of the organization.

The first meeting of the Primary, held

August 25, 1878, under the direction of

Aurelia S. Rogers, a Pioneer mother,

hundred fifteen attended by twowas twentyfour theof two hundred chilcommemorates the first Utah smelter, WARD.PRIMARY (SeeORGANIZATIONstory, this page.)MURAL IN FARMINGTON

dren of the ward. erected by W. S. Godbe, of Chicago,

The eight by twentyfive foot paintin 1871. Bishops, Presiding

Fausetting Cope, and Gordon by Lynn artists, the Missionaries Released Elders Appointed behind hangsUtah chapel's pulpit. They finished it after In July* 1941 Recently appointed bishops and presidstudying old photographs of those who Argentine: Asael D. Palmer, Lethbridge, ing elders in the Church include:

attended the meeting. It was unveiled Alberta. University Ward, Chicago Stake, Henry

by Anne and Fisher Squires, greatBrazilian: Ferrel W. Bybee, Smithfleld, A. Mattis succeeds George Harris.

greatgrandchildren of Mrs. Rogers, Utah; George J. Angerbauer, Salt Lake. Whitney Ward, Franklin Stake, Melvin

and dedicated by Elder Charles A. California: Eldon C. Morgan, Lorenzo, G. Larsen succeeds Orval D. Benson.

Stake, Inglewood Redondo Ward, Joseph Richfield, Utah; Idaho; Parker, Sherman the of theCallis Twelve. of Council

L. Flint. succeeds Rencher Abel J. Baker, Oregon; Smurthwaite, A. Angela furnished for the program was Music Liberty Ninth Stake, F. Ward, George Richfield, Chester Poulson, Utah; G. Kay Children's the Primary Farmingtonby succeeds Robison Ralph T. Cannon. Steele, Arizona; Wakefield, Winslow, Veda

in attendSix hundredChorus. were Stake, Twelfth Logan Ward, Logan Iona, Idaho; Randall, L. Ogden, Howard

ance at the meeting. Utah; Elaine A. Jensen, Marion, Utah; Nel- A. Meservy succeeds Parley A. Hill. J.

son L. Jack, Chin Lee, Arizona. Bellflower Branch, Long Beach Stake,

Barracks, Smelter Canadian Mission: Lillis L. Widdison, Ernest W. Harper succeeds Henry Visser.

Stake, Beach Compton Long Ward, Salt Charles Idaho; Romney, W.Monument Dedicated Rexburg, E. Tyler. R. Sant succeeds Walter Willard Poll, Ft. Texas; Lake; Richard D. Worth,

Milton Stake, Robert Morgan H. Ward, Ostler, Fife, Basil Salt Lake; A. Boyd dedicated W. August was monument A Giles succeeds Whittier. Herbert F. Berkley, Carr, Brigham, Utah; Warren"miles of Stockton 20, south on two North Stake, Morgan Ward,J. Morgan California; Clark, Utah; Tooele, Samuel W. in County,the Valley road Tooele Rush E. succeeds Rees Heiner. Horace Pocatello, EIJoseph Beesley, Hibbert Idaho; N.

first site the the of barmarking army Brooklyn FriedStake, Ward, York New Falls, K. Idaho. Whitehead, wood Twin

racks in Utah. Here in September, Central States: Milton L. Weilenmann, rich Radichel succeeds F. Artell Smith.

1854, a detachment of the United States Salt Lake; Walter B. Welti, Salt Lake; Marsh Center Ward, Portneuf Stake,

Army from Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, Floyd L. Thompson, Elfrida, Arizona; James Capell succeeds Wilford H. Sorenson. S. Salt Alvin Soderborg, C. Lake; Newel first to enterthe the Mountain Rocky

Archer Stake, Sterling Rexburg Ward, Tridell, Utah; George E. Lyon, McKee, stables, quarters,region, erected and H. succeeds Smith. Magleby J. Ray Vernal, Salt Utah; Lake; C. Robert Joyce, the Colonel ofcorrals under command Leota Stake, Roosevelt Ward, Austin Echols, Arizona; Pima, Ethan C. Edwin Steptoe.E. J. succeeds S. Wardle Imanuel Eksund. City, Utah. Cox, Cedar

The marker, which is the ninetyEast Central States: Lois Nichols, MurTwenty-second Ward, Salt Lake Stake,

seventh erected by the Utah Pioneer ray, Utah; Charles I. Worthing ton, GrantsRoy M. Hill succeeds George D. Jorgensen,

Trails and Landmarks association, also (Concluded on page 629) Goshen Ward, SantaquinTintic Stake,

Evelyn Kirk succeeds W. W. Thomas.

Maywood Ward, South Los Angeles

Stake, N. Ursel Anderson succeeds John

W. Willes.

Lindon Ward, Timpanogos Stake, Jesse

K. Thorne succeeds Leonard S. Walker.

Pendleton Branch, Union Stake, Lorin

G. Folland, Jr., succeeds Calvin E. Caldwell.

Wells Ward, Wells Stake, Lon W. Reese

succeeds James F. Sheffield.

Herriman Ward, West Jordan Stake, %X: Darrel Crane succeeds Milton Bodell, deceased.

L. D. S. Boys in Northern

California Camps Invited To Affiliate With Bay MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY FIELD FROM THE HOME Region Church Activities SEPTEMBER ARRIVED SEPTEMBER 17, 1941 S, 1941—DEPARTED

first Left to right, row: Ralph Tobler, June Kenneth Cragun, Ha Westover, Leida Atwood, Don B. The M. I. A. of the Oakland and San Colton, Felix, Poole, Eileen Vivian Irma Webster, Gibbons. Wanda

row: Myreel E. George Watkins, Second Lillian England, Smith, Mignon Marjorie White, McBride, Francisco Stakes are very anxious

Divett, Russell. Elizabeth Low, Sarah Jeana the Latterday Saint boys in Jesse Davidson, Third lola E. Dalton, row: Elsie Dwane Maurice Sorensen, McGinty, Pearson, to reach Ruth

Peterson, Goates, Dorothy Sainsbury. Carma LaMar training camps in and around San Fran-

L. L. row: Eldon Fourth Wlton, George Sevy, Eugene

District. Bay stakes Both have Payne, Skinner, David George Grant Cannon, John Wm. Ellsworth,E. Berrett.Lelie Webb, Lloyd W. Gensen, Albeit L. cisco

Fifth Pendleton, Peterson, A. Tate, Lloyd Keith row: Harold Frank Ferris R. Christiansen, E. planned special activities for many enHillyard, Loutensock, Nelson, Jr., Keith Hyrum Barms. Dean W. tertaining our young also men and hope Reid Sixth E. row: R. Nielsen, Bankhead, J. Petersen, Bruce, Mart Von Dean Howard Dee H. Barker,

J. Carlson, L. Floyd Thayne, M. Hansen. Terry feel at to have them particihome and

Seventh Petersen, row: Rodney Willard A, Jensen, William A. Jensen, Willis A. Jensen, Ray E. Foulger, pate in our Schools, Sunday I. A., J. Pate, M. L. Marsden Rex K. Thompson. Durham, Alma

L. Jr., Eighth G. Ashcroft, row: R. K. Anderson, J. Walker, Vergil Robert Fewkes, Blaine C. other activities. M. and

Jackson, Dick Pres. Flanders, Koyle, J. Moffat, Ken Homer, Dean Vee E. Thomas McKay. However, Ninth many do not know that Allphin, A. Taylor, Lowell Richard row: Hailes, K. Bobby Curzon M. Bleazard, Frank D. Day, W.

Grange C. Goff, Loren LaSelle Taylor, Ursel Ralph Embry. (Concluded on page 628)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

(pjaa$uL Qum&vnk.

Under the caption "Peaceful Cumorah, Cradle of the Mormon Faith,"an article from the pen of

Ruby Price Weeks appeared in the

July Ford News, along with three illustrativeA few paragraphspictures. are quoted from

Courtesy 40th Division the article.

CHURCH ACTIVITY COMMITTEE, 115TH COMBAT ENGINEERS, CAMP SAN LUIS OBISPO, CALIFORNIA

Left Right: to Major E. Theo. Jr., Curtis, Regimental Chaplain; Corporal Carney, the Secretary Don to L

Chaplain; Corporal Karl (L. Manwaring, Co. B D.; Sergeant S.); Dean Co. C. Snow, (L. First Private D. S.) if

Class G. Wisler, Claude of D. Co., Chairman, Section. Protestant Private First Class Roscoe S. Maalehy, and H. motorists unfa- (L. Co. D. S.); Sergeant Co., Gahbet, Emmett F of Chairman Section; Catholic Nighttime Sergeant Charles Zimmer,

Co. (Protestant); E Corporal Watters, Ray Medical (L. Detachment D. Technical Sergeant Goodrich, S-); Frank interesting miliar with the

and H. General Co., S. of Chairman (L. Committee D. Sergeant Maoc S.); (L. D. Alleman, Private A. Co. S.); spots central of at York, wonder First Catling Class New Allen, (L. Band Private D. S.); Mahin Bensman, A. Co., Jewish Private Section Chairman;

First Class J. Ballard Christiansen, (L. Band Organist; D. Private First S.), Class Dennis, Medical Detachment light shaft the just of atop outside a

(L. D. S.); Officer Warrant Perkins, L. Milton Director, Director Band and activities of musical church (L. D. S.). the Village of Palmyra, York, on Private Note: of Asai, Hideo chairman hillNew the section Buddhist was not present picture taken. when was

Route 21. They may have heard of

... history may have taught dfagjun&ntaL fojnmiJtJbiB, thecorners''village with four churches on four

them that Spanishwar-veteran Rear

By Technical Sergeant A. H. Lee, Admiral Sampson was born here...

Medical Detachment, 1 5th Engineers ( C recent biographies on Winston Churchill his that informed have them may n(;) J.Q fggj. jjjgf, bg<<*T?HERE any thereabouts. born mother was they But REPORT ATTENDANCE A will spiritual suffer young man little this probably not do know that Meeting, Priesthood Melchizedek

loss his military of during the period settlement lays claim (C) 115th Engineers the to being service. We believe that the young July 27, 1941, 8:00 a. m. cradle of Mormonism.

soldier will return to his home with a "That is why the arresting shaft of keener understanding of the sacred light holds forth; it illuminates the Angel

ideals for which our churches stand."u g3O Moroni Monument... a true symbol

statement,This General made by faith of the Mormon

C. Marshall, Chief Staff of **. ofGeorge wn<U 4) tju< people.of the constant...

utteredthe Army, U. S. was not in peaceful, "But in a, obscure Cumorah, 19* 1 idle chatter, of normoment was it made Zo, d u jW belief sincerity the is just as strong and

feeling quell the tomerely perturbed constant. last thirteen the During 2 and 19 10 7 6 S. Company.... lies inthat the hearts sincere strong years, acres 22 400 3 25 of land been have Company of AH.

friends.the parents, wives, and 11 5 3 3 B Company the purchased; to the memorial Angel

The writer is convinced that the C Company 20 9 5 6 Moroni has been erected and the once

Medical hill after statement into bald transformed onlyabove a veritable made was 3 6 3 Detachment activitiescareful consideration, spot. the beauty and Every summer 5 2 3 10 Band

is in carried pressive thebeing pageant presented out army many an—im-a 115th Medical

camps prove beyond a doubt that it is Regt 12 8 4 pageant which draws thousands of a goal towards which the army is spectators and grows more dramatic marching. The army offers a fertile Total Elders 103 62 27 14 year by year. It is given at night and

field for such teaching. Men have Others Present 8 covers the complete history of the Morbeen thrown together from all parts of Percentage of Ordained Elders present..60% mon people.

the country and from all types of Percentage present of those who were "Pageantloving motorists thoroughhomes. This group is representative able to attend 82% ly enjoy this dramatic spectacle from

(Total enrollment less those who different religious seats races were theof the event and many constructed—for excused hill. allbeliefs, well as at as the of the base standards State York New

for following the excused only were of Men social viewpoints. the Police parking twentyacre and guardmoral With

reasons for cars. reserved gatherheterogeneous group placesuch would one a... A furlough. from 1. Absent camp on

little of that spectatorsthink ing 43,000 reported could be accomplished, was 2. Illness.

but we have leaders who are tilling the 3. Absent from camp, attending army for 1940."

soil in such a way that it cannot help schools.

but produce results that will startle the 4. On military duty during hour of servmost skeptical. ice: guard duty, K. P., etc. members and represents five different

Jr. E. CURTIS, THEO. religious 115th divisions philosophies or the regiment, our Here in own

Major, 115th Engineers (C) Catholic, Protestant, twentythree BuddMormon, aEngineers Combat, Regimental Chaplain hist, committee will and Jewish. meets The dollar soon be chapelthousand

available for all religious and cultural at least once each week to discuss ways activities. While the chapel is being worshipful service is held each Sunday and means of making interesting, worthcompleted, religious services are being morning for the entire regiment. while services and to promote attendconducted, interestingly, invitingly, and There is one thing, however, that has ance and increase participation.

educationally in the Recreation Buildimpressed the writer: a committee unThe attendance and interest in reliing. Every man is being given a chance der the direction of the Regimental gious services is steadily growing in this

to express himself spiritually no matter Chaplain, Major Theo. E. Curtis, Jr. regiment. This committee, a brainwhat his faith, creed, or belief might This committee is unique so far as this, child of our Chaplain, Major Theo. E.

be. A member of the L. D. S. Church the 40th Division is concerned. It is Curtis, Jr., is not only directly responsmay attend Priesthood and Sacrament being watched with interest to see how ible for much of this, but is proving an

Meetings. A member of the Catholic it is going to work. As young as it is, old saying of one of my former inChurch has the opportunity to attend it is producing and will continue to structors, Professor Guy C. Wilson,-

Mass. In addition to denominational produce some startling results. "The color of a man's skin is not the

meetings, an undenominational, but The committee is composed of fifteen index to his soul."

fRfBoofHacR WEST OF THE RIVER simple "chatty"manner understood and taught may take an invaluable part in the (Dorothy Gardiner. Thomas Y. enjoyed by everyone. Yet it is thoroughly general welfare of the family and community

Crowell Co., 1941.) scientific and includes the latest knowledge as well.

subject. the this is on information so And this of Parents today not had have who very necessary is today. heard on Much will find invaluable. the opportunity stirring book of of the conquest romance

side everyTHE will about the "Food win war statecertain to Exception taken be must in the chapter important most a West, the and peace,"make and unquestionably especially alcohol ments, regarding those is the building of America, well not known. is the food important most in factor human is as the the food; yet a whole book on this shouldTherefore welcomed. book be wellbeing; yet, as Dr. Chandler says, "The sound. It recites early informally the history of average mother is and housewife igas

the of illustrations "that part interest the to continent North American Charming add of norant calories vitamins and is as of she its lying text, table the of in Missouri contents north deals of River west and which the gold standard or her refrigerator how

First, Trail."of the "calories the western feeding Santa with problems and from Fe works."plea a that makes these truths He

to several early the as a bellyaches"!country L. vitamins whole and D. W. in taught be the grade schools and

folare routes described.westward Then especially in high schools, for 612.) the (Continued on page so youth the the of lows the of story development

West, from the coming of the first white men and the fur traders to the days of permanent settlement. The early means of

transportation, animals, oxen, with pack Announcing a new book to be ready horses, are described. even camels, The

stage coach and the Express appear Pony review. Indians in for October Conference adventurers mingle and

with home hunters and gold seekers. The

narrative is fascinating, brimful of human interest. the reading of the begun, Once (p/isidjudjwtdu o jthiL gAwuck JJul will are eighteen be finished.book There

fullpage rare illustrations. By PRESTON NIBLEY

It is unfortunate that in dealing with

Utah and the Mormons Miss Gardiner has 300 pages, printed in large 14 pt. readable type. Beautifully illustrated

unreliablefollowed sources. did Nephi not with large of pictures the seven of presidents the Church. in Written a popthepresent plates to Smith; Joseph polygular will style which interesting very make reading for children well as as never mandatory wasamy members upon

of the Church; the Danites were not formed adults. Contains a brief biographical account of the life, accomplishments

within the Church; the Church did not at and missionary labors of the seven great men who have served as leaders

time in engage purgingany blood and of the Mormon people. An ideal book for teachers of Priesthood Quorumsheretic hunting; in the '57 did not Mormons Auxiliary and organizations.consider state a Utah the of independent

United States; etc., etc.—/. A. W. ON SALE OCTOBER 1ST

WHAT ARE THE VITAMINS? $2.50

(Walter H. Eddy, Ph. D. Reinhold

Publishing Corp., New York, 1941.

225 pages.) M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS,

Eddy, P\r. of Physiologwho is professor

"-*'ical Chemistry College, 1941 -'42 Season at Teachers

University,Columbia is eminently qualified EXECUTIVES—"Lincoln, Man of God,"John Wesley Hill, Special..$1.75

to write this the allimportant book on subject of vitamins—their source, their naSPECIAL INTEREST—

ture, their purpose, their effects. Dr. Eddy "Healthful Living,"Harold S. Diehl 2.75

scientificallyhas explained the chemical nature of each vitamin (so far as is known "For This My Glory,"Paul Bailey 2.50

up to date) as well as indicating how much "Cumorah's Gold Bible,"E. Cecil McGavin. 2.25

of each one is needed by the normal indi- "Brigham Young, the Colonizer,"Dr. Milton R. Hunter 3.00

vidual, and where and how they may beobtained. M MENGLEANER—"The Improvement Era"

gives The book is timely, the most perEXPLORER—"The Latterday Prophet,"George Q. Cannon.50 scientifictinent the subject gleaned data on

the author'sfrom investigation own personal JUNIOR—"This Is Freedom,"R. L. Nelson 2.00

as well of the as a review most recent scientific literature on the subject. It should SCOUT—"Pioneer Stories,"Preston Nibley..... 1.00

be studied by every teacher of nutrition, by dieticians, physicians, and will be appreBEE HIVE—

ciated by intelligent, wellread laymen who Builders, "The Blue Willow,"Doris Gates 2.00

interestedshould be in this important subGatherers, "All The Days Were Antonia's"Gretchen McKown andject.—L. D. W.

Florence Stebbins. Gleeson 2.00

THE EATER'S DIGEST Guardians, "The Yearling."Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings 1.29

(Asa C. Chandler. Farrar and Rinehart, BeeKeepers Reference Book. "Pioneer Stories,"Preston Nibley 1.00

New York, 1941.) HEADQUARTERS FOR BOOKS, GIFTS AND GREETING CARDS

'"Phis is the day of "Digests"on every FOR EVERY OCCASION -*- conceivable subject. However, the

present volume instead of being a handysize pamphlet is a book of 330 pages written is DESERET a professorby of biology at man who BOOK COMPANY

Institute inRice Houston, Texas. EAST SOUTH TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH field is 44 nutrition of proper whole The

covered in this book, which is written in a fcdfafuaL JhsL (DajnxpJwjuLA, Shumb&A, THE GENERAL CONFERENCE

HThe One Hundred and Twelfth Semiannual

Tf we were called upon to make a list of the evils

Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of our day, the evil of indifference would be well of Latterday Saints will convene in the Tabup toward the top. Collectively, men appear to be

nacle, Salt Lake City, Utah, Friday, Saturday, grossly indifferent toward most things which do and Sunday, October 3, 4, and 5, with general not immediately and definitely affect their own sessions each day at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. lives and comfort. A calamity a thousand miles

The general Priesthood meeting will be held away has a passing effect on us as we read about it or hear about it, but it is largely an intellectual in the Tabernacle on Saturday, October 4, matter. Comparatively few men are stirred to

at 7 p. m. action by a calamity a thousand miles away. Indeed, it is difficult to stir some from the complacency

of indifference toward what goes on even in their own town or in the next street, for that matter, so long as it doesn't contribute to their personal discomfort, or injury, or inconvenience.

Men are a good deal that way about their eternal disturb themselves The First Presidency. future, also. Why should they

about that which now seems to be a remote hereafter, so long as the day passes pleasantly, so long as no one disturbs their tranquility or challenges soothin the their confidence beliefs, or shakes their PRESIDENTS'MISSION STAKE will be, all well, is always that and ing thought 2 OCTOBER CONFERENCE, overquiet the to are ways There them. with

active Ctake Mission Presidents from throughout zealous—there are ways to deal with an

the Church have been invited to particiopponent—but how to stir an indifferent man out

pate in a special conference in Salt Lake City, of his selfcomplacency is a question that has often

Thursday, October 2nd, under the direction begged for an answer.

of the First Council of the Seventy. Sessions This thought carries with it a refrain that goes

will be held at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. in the asback to the words of St. John who addressed himself

sembly room on the fourth floor of the Church thus to the Laodiceans:

Office Building, 47 East South Temple Street.

The day will be devoted to discussion by the I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I

Stake Mission Presidents and assigned speakwould thou wert cold or hot. So then because thou art

ers of problems pertaining to the Stake Mislukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of rich, and increased sayest, thou Because I am mouth. sions. my not that knowest of nothing; and need have goods, and with

The regular semiannual Seventies'Conferthou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and ence will convene as usual in Barratt Hall, naked: I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that

4:15 p. m. ( Saturday, October 4. thou mayest be rich; and white raiment that thou mayest be

clothed... be zealous therefore, and repent. (Revelation

3:1549.)

This ancient indictment of an indifferent people

BISHOPS* CONFERENCE OCTOBER 2 has another refrain in the words of a later utterance, "Dishops of the Church have been invited to which says: "Men should be anxiously engaged

participate in a special conference in Salt in a good cause, and do many things of their own

Lake, Thursday, October 2. Important phases free will."(Doctrine and Covenants 58:27.) No

of the work of the Church entrusted to bishops man can afford to be indifferent to the issues of will be discussed in allday sessions. The the day in which he lives, or to the issues which conAaronic Priesthood Pageant, "Prepare Ye the cern that eternal journey which we are all traveling

Way,"will furnish the program for the together. Would that there could be found some

evening. quick and sure way to wake all men from the dangerous slumber of indifference. R. L. E.

are apostates from a cause, engaged in building their own cause under false colors, whether in theEVIDENCES AND state or the church. They ar-e often without basic

convictions, rudderless mariners, victims of everyRECONCILIATIONS passing wave. Such men, whatever they may call

themselves, are dangerous to human happiness.xlii. What Ia. cl 3tibsUiaL Certainly, they are not entitled to be called liberals

dfarfjuyhtL? within the organization of which they are members.

Their chief pastime is to sow the seeds of anarchy

HThe word liberal, correctly used, has a noble in the hearts of others.

meaning. The true liberal hates slavery of It is folly to speak of a liberal religion, if that reevery kind. He battles for human freedom. He ligion claims that it rests upon unchanging truth.

wants liberty in thought and action. He is tolerant, Neither can one be a liberal in religion except in

free from bigotry, and generous in all his deeds. the application of the underlying doctrine to human

He places truth above all else and hungers for full needs. It would be as preposterous as speaking of

truth. He welcomes all new improvements and a liberal science, since science rests upon truthful

It is only in the use of calls for more—the telegraph, electric light, teleobservations of nature.

phone, printing press, typewriter, railroad, airship, scientific discoveries that the word liberal may be radio. He insists that every new invention must be used. One either accepts or rejects truth. There

used for human welfare, with full respect to civil is no middle course.

and moral law. In short, the liberal seeks to make Proponents of a liberal religion are probably not

better the day in which he lives, and he becomes certain of the foundations of their own faith and therefore a crusader for the betterment of the hucharacterize their distrust by the world liberal.

man race. They are doubters. For example, a Catholic or

Such a liberal, to accomplish his purpose, holds Protestant Christian who denies the literal resurfast, without the least concession, to the convictions rection of Jesus Christ has no right to claim the title of his soul. He is anchored to the rock of truth, liberal. He is an agnostic to, or unbeliever in, a

as he may see it. He never wavers from the basic, fundamental, necessary doctrine of the church.

underlying principles of the cause, whether of It is well to beware of people who go about church or state, to which he is committed. All the proclaiming that they or their churches are liberal.

world knows how and where he stands. The probabilities are that the structure of their faith

His liberalism lies in his constant attempt to is built on sand and will not withstand the storms make the underlying unchanging principles of the of truth. Usually, if they try to define their liberalcause he represents serve the changing conditions ism, the teeth of the wolf appear under the sheep's

of the day. He may differ with the superficial conclothing.

ventions of the past, but not with its established Under the definition of true liberalism, the truths. He may refuse to continue the church archiChurch of Jesus Christ is preeminently liberal.

tecture of the past but will insist that the ancient First, it makes truth and love of truth its foundatruths of the Gospel be taught in every building tion. The whole latterday work was initiated by

dedicated to worship. He may be forever seeking, Joseph Smith's search for truth. "In the midst of

under changing conditions, to make the doctrine this war of words and tumult of opinions, I often of human brotherhood more effective in behalf of said to myself: What is to be done? Who of all

the needy. He is a believer who seeks to use his these parties are right...?"Thus came the first

beliefs in every concern of his life. great vision of Joseph Smith; and as a consequence

Unfortunately, the word liberal is not now alof his search for truth came the other revelations, ways properly used. It has been used, or misused, and the enduring lightgiving structure of the

for so many purposes that its original meaning has Church. In his differences with the beliefs of the

largely vanished. Wordjuggling, making a good churches of his day, he did not seek cover under

word cover a doubtful or an ugly cause, is an agethe name of an existing church. Instead he frankly

old pastime. Words are too often used as shields formed another Church and fought out the issue on

to hide or disguise truth. Many men are inclined the basis of his own fundamental doctrine. It is

to hide their true motives behind a word. understood that every worthy member of the

The selfcalled liberal is usually one who has Church must likewise seek and find truth for himbroken with the fundamental principles or guiding self. Then, the Church recognizes that there is

philosophy of the group to which he belongs. He is constant change on earth but insists that every

an unbeliever. He claims membership in an organchange must respect and use the basic doctrine of

ization but does not believe in its basic concepts; the Church, and must be for human good. It deand sets out to reform it by changing its foundaclares that men "live and move and have their

tions. He is forever entangling his unbelief with being"under the law of progress. Change steps

his membership. He wants the protection of the upon the heels of change in the unfolding of a

organization, therefore refuses to admit frankly that progressive universe. The simple eternal truths of

he rejects the fundamental beliefs of the cause and existence are combined and combined again, in seeks truth elsewhere. It is a species of cowardice. different ways, but progressively, to serve man on

In the United States, communists, nazis, or fascists his neverending journey. It is much as the endless

would probably insist that they are liberals. In a combination of the few numerical digits from simple

church, the liberal refuses to accept the doctrine of to increasingly larger numbers. Members of the

the church or the way of life that it enjoins upon Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints do not its members. It is an undeserved compliment to need to look elsewhere for a liberal Church.

designate such men by the noble word liberal; they—/. A. W.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

"SO YOU'RE MY SON"slingshot itself, nails, pocketknife, ones from which you thought they chalk, a chewedoff pencil, eraser, fishcame—but if you could see them again

By Dr. Theodore R. Martin line, and even had your fingers pricked the next day you would find them reby one of his best baithooks. Yes, arranged to the exact position of the

Howemptiedmanyyourtimesson'shavepocketsyou youtimeshaveamused,been thatastonishedall theseand thingssomeinnighthis before.bed you Ascouldn'tyou gazepossiblyat thescoldboy

and been amazed at the conglomeration should come out of two front pockets, him, and still you feel that the things of things you have found there? Untwo back pockets, and a small watch you have found there in his pockets

questionably you have discovered such pocket of one pair of trousers. have given you a better insight to the

important things as marbles, tops, Mother, you have been patching the activities of your boy throughout the stones for his slingshot, possibly the pockets of these trousers or possibly day. putting in a new seat while the boy is But—have you ever stopped to exsound asleep in bed after a hard day amine the mind of the boy and the nuat play and while Dad sits comfortably merous things that clutter it? Have

reading the evening paper. Sometimes you ever stopped to patch up the many

you have bothered Dad with the deloop-holes there—to weed out the pertails and have asked him to speak to the nicious and detrimental and transplant

boy about such steamshovel loads in there some of the most lovely and his pockets, but by morning Dad has worthwhile experiences of your own forgotten all about it while wondering life? Have you tried to understand

if he has the proper necessities in his more thoroughly the thoughts of your own pockets before starting for the boy by exploring his brain during his office. Except for the slight expense waking hours as you have done his

of a new pair of trousers or the trouble pockets during his sleep?

of patching, it is such a trivial matter, You will be filled with awe at his anyway, because if he takes these things intellectual prowess and astonished at out he will find so many, many other his capacity to wiggle and worm his things to take their place. Hence, we way out and around things that make

know you have returned these most him wary of your inquisitiveness.

precious possessions to the pockets, the Gradually you will find the bonds of

NOW I CAN BANC BETTEW

ANGEL FOOD CAKS She Enjoys the WAN ANY OFMY FRIENI&I

**S-o /<rfki The supreme test of any cake flour is Angel Food Cake. With FLAVOR Globe "Al"Special Cake Flour you get PERFECT Angel Food

.... amazingly light, delicate, tender! You'll be supriscd how... and so will you!

much better Globe "Al"Cake Flour

Here is enriched white makes all your cakes.

bread with the substantial, natural bread flavor RECIPE ON PACKAGE you like. And its added BuyCakea packageFlour todayof Globeand boke"Al"

vitamins and iron give it a perfect Angel Food Cake.

extra nutritive value.

ROYAL ENRICHED BREAD

ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake and Ogden

100% Homeowned—100% American

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Homing strengtheningunderstanding and your IF!T 7S will find thatson you, too, faced many

that the perplexing problemsof now will successes be BORDEN'Sconfront him. Your

relived in memory and honest effort IT'S GOT TO made to develop them in actuality, and your possible failures, too, will serve as BE GOOD bridges over the gaping crevasses of wouldbe disappointments in his own life.

Prepare your own mind for the opportunities that will come to share a LAST MINUTE MOOS few waking hours with the toys in the pockets of your son's brain. He is Says Elsie, the famous Borden cow:

part of you—for he is your son. Utah? Why that's where many of my Borden

friends live and work. That's where (in Logan)

rich, pure milk from Utah cows is evaporated by

Borden's, irradiated with Sunshine

Vitamin D. No wonder Utah grocers are proud to offer their customers this fine Utah product. Are you

By Barbara Badger Burnett enjoying it? Do.

Tomato Steak 3 pounds round steak (cut 2 inches thick) 2 cups tomato juice A Utah Product 2 carrots 1 large onion 2 cloves 2 teaspoons salt }/% teaspoon pepper 2 tablespoons flour 2 tablespoons water Get Those 3 Pottery Bowls!

slashing Score the meat with sharp by a For cereals... and a host of other usesknife. it in casserole Place at sear a and

500 degrees for 20 minutes. Put the carrots They're a cheery canary yellow, 2y8 inches high and 5 5/8 inches

through the coarse knife of the food chopacross and made of the finest pottery. Every housewife will find

per. the carrots the and seasonings Add uses for You'll them. surely many three to start with, want espeto the meat. the juice Pour tomato over it's to get so easy cially when at less them than half what you'dthe meat. at bake Cover and degrees 275

for 3 hours. Remove from the oven. Add expect to pay.

the 2 tablespoons of flour mixed with 2 tablespoons of water. Boil together over Send these 2 BOX TOPS and surface burnera few for a minutes until

thickened for gravy. enough to grocer. your oi Go Get a box

the DOT. bluing, POLKA I modern a and J If* American Suey Chop With Noodles

of SIZE REGULAR box PAR SOAP. Send

1 fresh of us the tops lean these pork pound boxes, with 50c and %C*three bowls 4 onions of gleaming California table pottery will be sent you

Yl tablespoon fat post paid. POLKA DOT is the modern bluing you use

3 cups celery with soap... in the washer or tub... while you wash.

2 green peppers Cuts washing time and is mighty economical, too. Try

12 cups mushrooms POLKA DOT next time, with PAR. Enjoy a better,

1J/2 teaspoons salt easier washing. And, for the pottery, send 50c and

2 cans consomme the two box tops to

Cut the pork into small pieces and slice PAR SOAP COMPANY, 767 - 85th Ave., Oakland, Calif.

the onions very thin. Brown in a pan with

the fat. Place in a baking dish and add the

celery, peppers, and mushrooms cut in small pieces. Add the salt and consomme. Cover

and bake for 3 hours at 275 degrees. Serve

with noodles.

Hallowe'en Fruit Salad 2 packages orange gelatin 2 cups hot water 2 cold cups water McDods 2 diced pineapple cups COCOA &d B'all 2 diced peaches cups leads iiC 1 diced pears cup Stands. kiddie* *he

1 it seedless grapes cup * A16 halves canned peach Ml* a VaUbiul lettuce * Original ** McDonald's. t. s*gj&as

the gelatin in Dissolve hot water. Add *"DON'T BOIL COCOA untilthe to cold water it begins and chill

Ground all thethicken, the then add fruit except

Baking Chocolate halves. the inpeach Put halves peach Chocolate The1481 SouthHouseMain StreetofSaltMcDonaldLake City, Utah

(Concluded on page 612)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Put a couple of small pieces of charcoal

Homing—Mrs.in yourG. C,refrigeratorMonte Vista,to Colo.absorb odors.

side hollow rows a shallow up in fruit Pour the mixture over the peaches pan. Toexertedwash crystal—extrato avoid breakage,care shouldespeciallybe

and chill until firm. Turn upside down the fine stemware. Line the dishpan with

to unmold. Cut in squares around each a thick turkish towel and wash only one

peach. Place on lettuce a loaf and make glass at a A fine brush

with raisins the peach face on maraand cut scrubbing C. W.is B.,handyTaber,for time.ware.—Mrs. schino cherry. Alta, Canada.

Raisin Pudding Cake delicious whipped cream substitute is easily adding a made mashed by 1 A sugar cup until to the white egg. Beat of one banana shortening cup J/2

stiff. dissolve, will but almost banana The 2 eggs

after preparused immediately be diluted cup evaporated milk % F., Shelley, T. Idaho. 1 iting.—Mrs.should rolled cup finely graham cracker crumbs

1 cup flour Spinach will retain its bright green color 3 teaspoons baking powder if cooked with onefourth to onehalf 34 teaspoon salt teaspoon of baking soda in boiling water.

1 teaspoon vanilla—Mrs. L. F., Olympia, Wash.

chopped Yl CUP hanger, ordinary wire on an hang skirts 1 cup seedless raisins skirt nuts Tocatch or top of the band Cream the sugar and shortening together. spring type clothespins which have beenwith

Add the wellbeaten eggs, milk, and graham hooked over the rod on the hanger. -Mrs.

crumbs. flour, the Add baking Arizona. E. P., Tucson, A. A World of crackerpowder, and salt sifted together. the Add

an electric vanilla, nuts, Defrost raisins. and into Pour two

this a of time method. minimum by greased layer tins cake and about bake Comfort refrigerator unit in off icerefrigerator, the the empty Turn in minutes 40 a moderate oven de- (375

fill water. trays hot with very and cube them grees). Cool and put together with cream when you unit the in the freezing them and Replace filling. top Cover with seven frostminute

ing. box will defrost in a very few minutes withrefrigerator appreciably. E. C. S., Philamilk to one package of vanilla pudding.HEAT YOUR HOME For the cream filling, add 2 cups of out lowering the overall temperature of the Pa. Stir until the boiling is point reached. Cool. delphia,..

with Bread and Butter Pickles the Rack Book 20 medium size cucumbers cut % inch thick On 5 cups water (Concluded page 607) from 3 cider cups vinegar THE SECRETARY'S HANDBOOK—1 teaspoon alum

2 teaspoons salt A(SarahMANUALAugustaOF TainCORRECTtor and USAGEKate

Mix thoroughly; allow to come to a boil, M. Munro. Macmillan, New York, 1941.

remove from the fire and let stand 30 min540 pages. $2.50.) GAS utes. Drain and pack into sterilized jars. This complete revision of a handbook

You enjoy more than the comfort of Add to the top of each jar 2 tablespoons which has proved successful from its uniform warmth when you have Gas minced onion. Pour over the pickles the initial publication in 1929 will prove of great

Heat. You also enjoy the supreme followingto a boil: solution which has been brought worthstate thatto alltheywho haveneed tostudiedwrite. carefullyThe authorsthe

comfort and ease of entire freedom Yi gallon cider vinegar various manuals of style and have pointed from unpleasant work around your 1 pint water out, where there is a great difference of furnace. 3 cups sugar method in them. Part I deals with capital-

2 teaspoons celery seed ization, punctuation, hyphenation and diGas is the only 100% automatic 2 teaspoons mustard seed vision of syllables, use of italics, figures, househeating fuel. This means: no 2 teaspoons tumeric spelling, diction, abbreviations, and points

storage space required... no furSeal jars. ofcorrectgrammar.usage Partin letters;II includesinvitations;letterwriting;business

fuel handling tending no... nace cablegrams, telegrams, and announcements; Peach and Cantaloupe Conserve

. petitions; the the of framing at all! radiograms; work. no

1 pint diced peaches resoluof of the framing writing minutes;

1 pint diced cantaloupe soot, dust, is clean. No Gas And constitutions; writthe tions; of the framing lemons, 2 juice and grated rind reports; manuscript; of preparation of ing clinkers or smoke! ashes, cups sugar proofreading; bibliography; a compiling cup walnuts, blanched and chopped 2/33 filalphabetical rules for index; an making

ingredients, Combine with to secreuseful exception information of of ing; sources ECONOMICAL, TOO

nuts. mixture Cook until thick taries; clear, inscriptions. citations; and and is economical, surprisingly Heat Gas nuts add and pour into sterilized secrejars for should and a must be book especially you use Gas for when seal.

/. C. taries.—M.This cooking, the 4 big jobs—heating,

waterheating and refrigeration NOT( ElizabethBY STRANGEMadox Roberts.GODSThe Viking dicmdsf diinidu Press, New York, 1941. 244 pages.

phone for Come in or for Payment Handy Hints will used information complete this will a one have dollar most readers book upon publication. the In event

that two with the flavor, for will they be TO$2.50.). nostalgic are same idea know submitted,

the one postmarked earlier will receive the that this gifted writer will write no more.

is a collection Strange by Gods but each will receive careful consideration. world. NotMOUNTAIN FUEL dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, Her death is a distinct loss to the literary

stories short written of six of Roberts'Miss

If buns, sweet rolls, or raisin bread are during the past eight years.

* brushed with a cloth dipped in a mixture, In these stories, as in all her previousSUPPLY COMPANY one part molasses, ability to part water, one proves her while work, Roberts Miss - Provo Salt Lake - Ogden they are still will hot, they the portray so that she humanity a delicious have knows

Serving 23 Utah Communities flavor. Miss M. T., Rockville, Utah. well—M. C. /.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

On the Book Rack RESTLESS ARE THE SAILS (Evelyn Eaton. Harper and Brothers, GRANDMA LEARNS ABOUT SOUP

New York, 1941. 348 pages. $2.50.)

IN THE WESTThis novel dealing with the New France OUT HERE in the American hemisphere is refresh- f. You should have seen

ing and stirring. Treating old material in Grandma's eyes bulge when

a new way, this book deals with Paul de she discovered that I was buyMorpain, a prisoner of war in New England, ing soup instead of making to his contrived to counconvey newswho all after training the it—and

colonists of the attack plannedtrymen by the at given home, she had mc interest, impelling Louisburg. moreon Of

however, than this historical material, is Down East.

his own personal life in which he met with all kinds of unusual experiences, which threatened to ruin his life, but in the end worked to his betterment.

The author's ability to recreate the atmosphere of the period with which she deals is nowhere more marked than in this, her latest book.—M. C. /.

NO LIFE FOR A LADY (Agnes Morley Cleaveland. Houghton

Mifflin Company, Boston, 1941.

356 pages. $3.00.)

This autobiography introduces its readers to the New Mexico of cowboy fame.

The author, who belies the title of the book, still thinks of the northwestern section of

New Mexico as "home."She was born

there in 1874, daughter of the chief construction engineer of the young Santa Fe railroad and his gentie wife. Two other

children were also born to them. Then the

father was killed at the unready age of thirtyeight, after which his young widow tried desperately to manage his farm, until the time when Agnes and her brother Ray took it over. Raymond Morley became in

his own right a famous cattle man, with holdings of nearly a half a million acres.

The negative feeling that may be aroused when looking at the artist's end papers and finding Utah misnamed Idaho vanishes as the reader gets into the story, for it is the flavor theredolent of with old West, true. Filled rare with good 2. But she was amazed to sec how 3* "No wonder the children arc so and rings

humor, the book moves to a satisfactory the children loved their Rancho Soup, so healthy,"she beamed. "Why that Rancho

conclusion, revivifying this important pecompletely amazed that she broke down and Soup is simply bursting with good, subriod of our westward expansion. M. C. J. tried some herself. "Why this is wonderful,"stantial food. And it tastes bomemade-as if

as I just for it hours, simmered as this had been delicious as cried. "Imagine soup STANDS A WINGED sheWHERE

a great I've made home. taught I you back of dreamed never out of a can. comingSENTRY

(Margaret Kennedy. Yale University such a thing."discovery,"she added proudly.

Press, New Haven, 1941. 251 pages.

$2.00.) Beautifully written by a competent author, this book bares the souls of some English folk—and makes them beautiful and courageous and much to be emulated. RANCHO

In the beginning section, she states: "All

I life curiosity a great have had to knowmy SOUPS it felt history,"like to live throughwhat and then she relates the historic period between May and September of 1940. PerVegetable

haps the wisest test of the merit of a people Mushroom is their ability to "take it."Miss Kennedy Chicken Noodle

proves in this book that Englishmen cannot Pea only take it, they can take it smiling! Asparagus

In addition to the chronicle of the time Tomato tellingly, the authorwhich depicts so she 4r, "Simmering is only half the story,"the characteristics analyzes the English, of the Americans, and the French in such a I told her. "Rancho Soups are made from RANCHO

manner that all of her readers will be gratetop quality vegetables grown right around ful for her analysis. the Rancho kitchen, and from poultry and

else, all the reveals than But more book nearby. That's produced Rancho pastes why

the SOUPS fears people, of a hopes f courage and PACKEDCONTINUOUS and inexpensive!"P. S. are - and so good Soups OF THE \| I life fighting its its ideals. for very UMWKINSPECTIONAGMCULTUtAL and

1 case a of XKVICE took Soup Rancho HARKETIK home Grandma is the is firsthand of a aThis Of/ account book |loFTHCU.S.Mrr carries

AWrCOUUK her. with family's genial to the English response ofibisonlyAgriculshield.U.soupS. thatRanchoDepartmentture's Insptttion

hardships and horrors of the war. M. C. J.

.

Tangible Payment

(Continued from page 598) GE0BE Al 'PANCAKES office hours more and more full of make me activity, a bustling and ado that he

WORLD'S formerly had not known.

Of course, Herb had no illusions about this work. Occasionally,

W&SAKFAST! however,and her anticipation.he thought ofWithlittlethisDorison

his mind, he dismissed his earlier aversion to such activity. The evenings sped.

"Don't you love to do these things?"asked Alice one night.

Herb shook his head. "It's such a

waste of time,"sharply. "These

children will grow up and forget all about you and all you've done for them or tried to do."

"Isn't the sheer pleasure of doing good enough payment?"

He was unable to understand That's what thousands of women tell the logic of such thought. When

us. They say their husbands praise depeople gave something, they expected to be repaid. It had always

licious buttermilk pancakes made by been so in his experience. Therejust adding water to readymixed Globe fore he had a right to demand a

"Al"Pancake Flour! Buy a tangible reward for his efforts.

package today. Make three "Why have you helped me with

this work, then?"her eyes growing

"Al"pancakes for only cold. "I can't repay you."

"I like being with you."

With a little smile, Alice shrugged her shoulders and the work continued. A few more nights and the

end was in sight. Herb greeted this

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS with a sigh, not so much because

Seven popular flavors. Pure, delicious gelatin R0YAL these pleasant evenings with Alice

colorful tasty, desserts. Royal Also for to he soon Salad were hoped be over—for

flavor (not sweet), Gelatin, meatlike has which a others to bespend with her—but

jellied salads. for ideal moulded soups and and is this business cause had become

strangely enjoyable.

ROYAL PUDDINGS With only a few more items to

Chocolate, Butterscotch, Vanilla Puddings and AL be arranged, Herb suggested a trip

Royal Vanilla Tapioca. Rich, smooth, creamy to the "home"to see that all was

puddings that are easy to make. prepared out there. No darkeyed

little Doris skipped to greet them.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER "She's in the hospital,"came the nationallydistributed only baking The powder calmly. serious,"answer. "Nothing

cakes with and:-0rifp - cream of tartar. For fluffy made steps, running down the "She was

grand biscuits. stumbled, and broke a leg."

this heart set her on had "But she cried, turning to Alice Herb, FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST mwq party!"

—The All -Purpose Yeast Ijk#/ appeal darkening her eyes.

for Household Use. "Let's drive in to the hospital,"

Now—drink this famous food to your health, in he said at last.

plain, cool, tomato juice, milk or water.You'll like it! After seeing that Doris was comfortable and worrying only about the

coming party, Herb vanished, leaving Alice to soothe the child. In a

few minutes he reappeared, howIN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS ever, with smug satisfaction lighting his face. of musical is a training foundation the PIANOSPiano simple of Canker, in treatmentAids enof furnishes the center education home and the about "Don't worry too much write or for tertainment. demonstration Call minor mouth throatsore and other

for catalogues told Doris he and party,"he when irritations. throatand from Spinets $295 up New

$545 Grands from up Alice left. New

if desired 30 months to pay to Alice. turned Outside, heHall's Remedy Canker CO. right MUSIC the party DAYNES have can't we "Why

Salt536 East 2nd City, Utah 47 So. Main St. So.—at Salt Lake Lake City here?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

TANGIBLE PAYMENT

"Do you suppose the hospital earlier qualms about driving the car would allow it?"full of squalling children.

"Certainly. That's why I ducked "You're a swell driver, aren't Ahead are Fall and

out of the room before. I went to the you?"suddenly mumbled the boy Winter months when

superintendent. He agreed."beside him. "I wish I could learn vitality runs low and

"Oh, but how could we have it to drive like you."wholesome, nutritious

foods are a necessity in children thehere. decorauntil and laughed. you The "Wait Herb

diet. every all of that.tions and Oh, and bigger,"the get he said. a little "Then

food. It's impossible!"I'll teach you."

Herb laughed. "I'll talk the boss "Would you really?"gasped the

into letting me use his big car, then boy. He sat straighter. "Oh, Uncle

we can drive the young ones here. Herb! Next week, huh?"

We won't need any better decoraThe car pulled up before the hostions than the children and their pital and Alice shepherded her fun."charges along the white corridor Include in all your

The next morning Herb appealed and into a bright, airy room, filled meals plenty of healthto his employer, Mr. Mattingly. "I with the gaiety of the other children, ful Milk White Eggs...

have only a coupe, that's why we who billowed around the bed where rich in essential vitaneed a bigger car. Otherwise we'd lay Doris, her eyes sparkling in anmins, minerals, and pro

have to make so many trips that the ticipation. tein.

last children would just arrive when Then followed what seemed to the first ones would have to leave."Herb at times a holocaust of sound,

Consent came readily, to his sur- a swelling babble that threatened to prise, and perhaps the assistance overwhelm him. Alice was sure and

from Mr. Mattingly lent a greater deft, and he scurried around at her

shade of importance to the work. commands. Soon the hubbub beIn any case, a glow warmed Herb came less confusing. The children

and heightened his enjoyment as were really quite obedient.

safe your familythe last package wrapped on the Keep was through faded The afternoon

Particular... healthy. party. of thethe Saturday until the time procession of games

the housewives know for refreshments came. were These fret into don't get a over "Now

of Milk goodness White dishes, the out paper on handed andanything,"Alice cautioned as Herb afc for Eggs. Ask them little the of sat children before bed fuss to worry.began and They

grocer's. your said as she Doris, shone eyes in whose to hospital speeding out thewere

Mr. Mattingly's big sedan. a grave blessing on the food.

In while the hush momentary it. "I can't help I'm sure we've White used in all Eggs are munching, jaws Herb Milk hungry wereforgotten something. put Did you

Schools M. I. A. Cooking to see astonished Mattingly Mr. wasin jar that extra of pickles?"

stroll into the room.

I did. groaned. "Yes, Also He just "I dropped in to see how Produced bythe butter bread the and the and

ham. Everything! Quit fluttering everything was getting along,"he Utah Poultry Producers'

leaving, before announced, and effiaround. nicely Cooperative Association calm and Be

into Alice's of dimes dropped a rollcient, like his his grin me,"belying own pulse rate. hand. "Give these to the children

later."Then the party was at an end,.tYlice subsided at last, miraculously and successfully. Herb

only to revive when, all the supplies struggled to fill the car with the first having been deposited at the hosyoungsters, delivered them, and repital, they drove over to get the chilturned for the last bunch. After

off his they too hands, weredren. with a SUCCESS in of Herb!""Thanks, Uncle "We'll take half of them now,"chorus

Herb said as the children wriggled ringing in his ears, he sped back to Beauty Culture with impatience. "Then you can the hospital, where Alice had recan be yours.. but

must you on the help mained to bring order to the hospital withstay at the them while right foot getting startby of Doris. bedside for alone back the second I come finest the training

half."The lucky first group piled "Do you still believe a person ing prepares you toavailable.face the Quishfuture trainfor a tangible must have paymentinto the car and jeered at those left his withNOW! a Writesense forof illustratedsecurity, ENROLLcatalog.

efforts?"Alice askedbehind. two when the

"Please be careful,"pleaded Alice were away from the hospital.as he departed for the second trip, Herb grimaced. "No,"at last. QUISH

School of Beauty Culture I still like doing this because"ltd be terrible ac- "But had if you an in Best "The the West"cident."I'm with you."her hand and He patted 338 So. Main., Phone

roared away. She did not move. "That's why Salt Lake City, Utah40313

in coupon for new I enjoyed a After realized that it, too,"simply. But that Fill while Herb

illustrated catalog. r*k enough. forgotten temporarilyhe had his was

615ilHelchizedelTPriesthood

FIELDING SMITH, COUNCIL OF THE OF THE COMMITTEE PRIESTHOOD BY THE MELCHIZEDEKCONDUCTED TWELVE—JOSEPH

B. LEE Q. A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER F. MERRILL, CANNON, AND HAROLD CHARLES CHAIRMAN; A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH JOHN

candidates in that seeing are men who living in faith, are of for ordination TWO LETTERS FROM THE FIRST PRESIDENCY men

Concerning Temple isrogativesone of whichthe highestbelong privilegesto membersandof prethe fullGospelaccordandwiththethedoctrinesprinciples ofof thethe

Recommends Church.the privilegeOnlyof thegoingworthyto thearetemple."entitled to Church.officers shouldMoreoverfaithfullytheseimpresspresidingupon

serithe ordination all for candidates August 23, 1941 stakes, presidents of expect We ordiresponsibility which ousness and ofPresidents Stakes of presidents wards, of bishops entails, the and Priesthood the to misnationBishops of Wards sions, presidents of branches and who disobedience of consequences dreadfulPresidents of Missions to persons issued recommends have which covenants violation of the or thePresidents of Branches fully time the at worthy not were who Priestoffices in the received are when

Dear Brethren: to receive them, but who obtained them hood are accepted. (See D. 6 C. 84:

/\N July 1, 1941, all temple recomon the promise that they would obey 3242.)

the of the commandments laws and first notified will be candidate it is necesThe expired, and now mends carefully every to very check Lord, the interviewed by with to be and meet indiones. issue tosary As new we are that see to they person such now in the counselor president, or a stake the form sent outcated new when we in that worthy living them makes a way question will presidency, stake who at the beginningof temple recommends

to recommend. temple a have require him candidate the and carefully issuing temple of recomthe year,of the the case, matter In what no every fill of the back questions the in to on matter. is perfunctory not amends applicant shows, every previous record of certificate. endorsement the The to only to given are beRecommends

if request the as considered should be the in which of the ward bishop the through to are gothose worthy who first request the were makes he now president that the of lives candidate and the of worthiness temple, thethe and ever made. he had belongs, to he which the of quorum is the to attested toindividual be by

individual's own examination, which is Faithfully your brethren, are required, as also the approval of on the back of the temple recommend, THE FIRST PRESIDENCY the high council before the name is plus what the bishop or president of By Heber J. Grant, presented to the Priesthood of the stake

stake, or president of mission or pres- J. Reuben Clark, Jr. for approval.

ident of branch, may know about the David O. McKay. The new "Recommendation for orapplicant. m 'dination in the Priesthood"is to replace

is We refer you, with a request that it all other forms and each candidate all the questions inbe carefully reread, to the material on Concerning Ordinations required to answer pages 129134, inclusive, of The Handperson and sign the recommendation as book of Instructions, and to the letter To Priesthood indicated on its back.

sent out over our signatures under date These recommendation blanks will of January 6, 1941. Responsibility of Stake Presidents; be kept by the stake clerk and the

Our attention has been called by Endorsement of Quorum Presstubs will be retained by him in the some temple presidents to the fact that idents and Bishops also asked for stake office, as indicated on the stub.

brethren, your Very sincerely that recommends tooaltogether many August 21st, 1941. Grant, Heber that the temples to showhave come Presidents of Stakes Clark, Jr., ReubenJ. J. the received recomindividualthe who

mend did not keep the Word of WisDear Brethren: David O. McKay,

dom, nor pay a full tithing, and in some Cor a long time the General AuthorThe First Presidency.

cases none, or the applicant was not ities of the Church have felt that otherwise living a life which is conthere has not been enough care in sistent with that required of those enadvancing and ordaining men to offices NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO in the in are the Priesthood. There temple.titled to do work in the CAMPAIGN holding today thousands Church of men call attention Question No. to We

inare Priesthood the Melchizedek who filled in to "Statement by of the be6 the Applicant,"which reads: active. Many of these men never "Five Cardinal Sins Against

full significance of the the understood the Heart—TeaDrinking, strive your to do Will you earnestly the Priesthood of what and duty meaning CoffeeDrinking, Cola Drinks, to Sacrament, attend yourin the Church,

is their to obligation magnify them upon meetings, to obey otherPriesthood, and and Alcoholic Smoking, ordained. when The the rules, laws, and commandments of the callings Lord has Beverages"revelations, clear in several made veryGospel?

notably sections 20:3866, 84:3242, "pROM the June number of the magazine

This situation will be particularly apand the entire revelation known as secGood Health we quote:

plicable to those who obtained recomtion 107, the importance of faithful- "At a recent medical convention in mends at the beginning of the year, and ness and cleanliness of life on the part a discussion of the causes of disease of who were not then observing the laws of those who are ordained to the Priestthe heart, which is destroying the lives and commandments. In this connechood. of more than half a million American

tion we refer you to the second full This laxness has resulted in many citizens every year, one of the speakers paragraph on page 130 of The Handmen who have received the Priesthood, said, 'The five cardinal sins against the book of Instructions, under the headand who are not really worthy, returnheart are teadrinking, coffeedrinking, ing, "Applicant's Statement."ing to their evil habits and indifference, indulgence in coca cola, smoking, and

We repeat again our statement made if these were ever forsaken. Because the use of alcoholic beverages.'

in the letter of January 6, referred to of this, it has been deemed wise to ask "Tea and coffee, coca cola, tobacco above, in which we said: care and diligence on the part of preand alcohol are certainly all heart poiThe performance of work in the temple siding officers in the wards and stakes, sons, and all make large contributions

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

to the burdens which break down the heart and make heart disease the leadTHE P0CATELL0 ing cause of death not only in the FOURTH WARD

United States but in other civilized ELDERS'CHORUS countries."

Our ChurchWide Campaign Aur campaign to free the Church membership from the use of liquor and tobacco is gaining momentum. The

Priesthood, Aaronic, Melchizedek and is becoming every THE POCATELLO FOURTH WARD ELDERS CHORUS more active. Soon

quorum in the Church will be at work. "pROM a humble beginning great things twentytwo members and the followAll General Boards of the auxiliary orcan be achieved through cooperaing achievements to its credit: twelve

ganizations have initiated projects in tion and brotherly love. Such is the concerts in surrounding towns; six sactheir organizations. The schools and conviction of the Pocatello Fourth rament meetings in wards of the stake,

seminaries will continue to make their Ward "Elders'Chorus,"which on Febfour P. T. A. programs, seven missioneffective contributions. ruary 13, 1938, sang for the first time ary parties, eight wedding receptions,

With all of these agencies in operaas a group at an M. I. A. stake festival. six Relief Society entertainments, and

tion our people will develop the conThere were no trained voices among it has rendered the music for ten sessciousness that the world does not exchorus members, and not over two sions of stake conferences and conpect to see them smoke or drink. To who could really read music. But ventions and scores of other like enbe well thoughtof we must be true to sustained effort at weekly Thursday gagements.

our high moral professions. night rehearsals was splendid, and alBut perhaps the most outstanding opmost at once their services were reportunity came to it when it was chosen

Tobacco Ads. quired. to represent the stake at the laying of

Alonzo L. Baker, associate editor Each year since then, the group has the corner stone of the Idaho Falls

** of Good Health, writes in the Auhelped the ward Genealogical Society Temple.

gust number of that magazine that "if in sponsoring a special temple excursion Sister Arvilla P. Croshaw is director

tobacco ads told the truth"they would on Saturday to the Logan Temple, and of the chorus, Leona F. Madsen, acsay: 'There is a carload of cough in have there rendered songs at the ascompanist. Their untiring efforts are

responsible semblies. for making the chorus what cigarettes; thatevery not do pack—is today. At the present time the chorus has it;aid that cigarettes the do digestion—

; thatcut should laws your wind—

govern cigarette advertising just as; that cigMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, November, 1941they do medicine and foods—

arette testimonials are paid for to the Text: Priesthood and Church Government.

testimonial—tune of $1000, $3000, and $5000 perpoverishes the; thatusertobaccofinanciallynot only imbut LESSON LXVII. 4. Tests willingness and fitness

5. ultimate destiny Points of out Priesthood and Temple Work alsophysically; that [and spiritually]—truth those love chapter and 28, 350355) (Read live by who pp. fires forest the in of in America26% it a sanctuary: P. temple as Parley I. The careless 1939 caused were smokers by for eternity time VII. Marriage and declaration

this exceptional no year—; was lasting a. contract sacred made by—and II. A to temples of done: be purpose work Pratt'sA

all fatal inthat of onefourth burnings of the Priesthood power (See Readings, Supplementary No.

American homes are due to fires that 1, 3) b. Performed only in temples

their origin inhave smoking—

those physically; thatfit, a. For1. Endowmentsthe living c. Authoritytemple marriageto performvested inandPresidentannul be want to who

mentally alert, and morally strong 2. Marriages of Church

should abstain from the use of tobacco, 3. Sealings Problems and projects

the dead 1. For present a fuller account someone Have is of man's purse, b.which an impoverisher

1. Baptisms of the in of development ordinances temple body,man's mind."and man's 2. ordinations Priesthood this dispensation. the complete was When

Local Option in California III. Binding3. Endowments,on earth andmarriages,in heaven:sealingssealwereendowmentperformedmadeatknown?Kirtland?WhatAtceremoniesNauvoo?

"Kany of the statements and promises ing power of the Priesthood 2. Why was a restoration of the Priest-

a. within only Exercised temples the principles before necessary temof hood repeal to secure not have made

of IV. Administration temples ple could the revealed? work be Show realized.been "saloon"has come The a. districts temples and temple Seven role of authority Priesthood in each phase

is inback. being Liquor today bought b. presidency Temple of temple work.

a great many more places than it was c. Ordinance workers 3. Members will be interested in a brief

sold before national prohibition. Much V. "The ancient order of things": restorhistory of each of the seven temples: when

more liquor is drunk now than then. ation of temple work begun and when completed, the area each

And the results of drinking are always a. Joseph Smith instructs select group serves, architectural details, (See Supple-

4, 1842 Readings, history of the mentary No. May 5) the It is results thesethe that same. have

b. for all Saints in proper interestEndowments erected, period during which it was are the awakening,awakened, and peoplace each. items concerning ing these Assignple action. to of the need temple Suppleto topics (See well endowment VI. The of members ahead quorum

is this In California being exaction Readings, mentary time. No. 2)

pressed in efforts to place upon the a. Joseph Smith: endowment needed

1942 election ballot a provision which, "to overcome all things"LESSON LXVIII if adopted, will give the state local op- b. Brigham Young: endowment "leads Priesthood and Temple Work (cont.)

tion. us back into presence of the Father"(Read chapter 28, pp. 356361)

of the records: of importance endowment Joseph I. The for the success are c. Nature prospects What

story 1. Relates eternal Smith's admonition of man's not the basic know. do But fromwe a. all to journey of Records ac- "worthy be

it is difoftheory American democracy 2. ceptation": earth conditions Sets forth as so in heaven which on upon

ficult to see why there should be any progress depends (See Supplementary Readings, No.

opposition to local option. Liquor in- 3. Requires covenants to accept and 4)

(Concluded on page 621) use laws of progress (Concluded on page 618)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Melchizedek Priesthood 2.3. LifeFulltimeand annualstaff ofmembershipstrained workwhygreatestsuchresponsibilitycondemnation?in thisBecauseworld "thethat

{Concluded from page 617) ers God has laid upon us, is to seek after our c. Prepares part courses study 1935, dead."(Genealogical Course, b. to record Complete needed weld

d. III, twofold duty 11.) Has p. dispensations together

1. of doctrine 2. spread joy. the knowledge in brings temples Labor To much c. In baptizing for the dead

if of salvation of dead properly undertemple endowment The 1. Recorder

2. is gathering reof advance to blessing work great stood a him To who 2. Witnesses

it. genealogical records It interpreter ceives and becomes an d. of in order recording Need

life. organigenealogical III. Stake and of ward protector e. of archives Need

zations received temple be endowment The may II. necessity Temples a

a. 1940, during Reorganized the faithful of Sunday Church. every member by a. outside Ordinances the temple perproviding It with Schools charged for also the dead. taken be Thereby may "in mitted the of days your povinstruction is genealogical the to opportunity given meaning an keep erty"

b. constake and in committees fresh the minds. of our endowment Ward b. outside Ordinances temple not actinue is for the service wholly undead Temple ceptable "at of the end appointment"

1. reprinciples of selfish Teach members consequently has marvelous a and to build the of house Lord

search in refining influence those engage upon who c. Building of temples a standing

2. plan it. temple and spiritual Encourage fulness work a joy, of approach To 124: (Doc. commandment and Cov. excursions privileges the the of temple used be must 2939)

III. Baptism for the dead: a fundamental IV. Templea. Clearingindexhousebureauto avoid duplication Programas often ofas thepossible.Church, (Johnp. 112.)A. Widtsoe, teaching

in temple 3. in service, validity of work vicarious The a. Scriptural injunctions

b. largest of world's in acts of behalf One person another, one which b. History for of the in baptism dead

patriorganization: family the V. is of generally The recognized element as an this dispensation "If the (See Dead archal order institutions; that service such and human Rise Not,"Era, The Improvement

a. for unit welis promoting Convenient attested acceptable unto be by may God September, p. 1940, 530)

fare family of groups the written word. Ancient and modern IV. Temple recommends

fulfilling b. of responsibility in Aids scripture, of the than other history record a. faithful to Issued recmembers on

temple tribes traditions the nations, of sacred, work and of ommendation bishop; countertemple of genealogical place VI. and rites sacrifice, the The the of bloody even and signed stake president by

in the sacrificial idolatry, Church work of abominations pagan b. Exemplary people peryoung may

a. auxiliary not Basic, essential involve of the vicarious conception form baptisms

b. function Priesthood propitiation of rendered service and by A c. Conditions of templegoing

16:2022) (Lev. proxy. scapegoat The 1. tithes of Payment projects Problems and

altar the the in victim (Lev. Mosaic and 4) 2. of of 1. Observance of within reach temple a Quorums Word Wisdom

offered constituted dispensation, by when 3. to Loyalty authorities Church as excursion temple a should plan quorum

of authority with due and accompaniment 4. preparation Mental for their temple befor the project month. Quorums

acrepentance, and acknowledgment were ordinances ento temple should access easy yond a in sacrifices the as mitigation cepted Lord by d. not Temple endowment recomto of to secure be a quota deavor names

of people. of sins E. the His Talmage, (J. for to mended married the sent temples. to nonshould be women Emphasis

77-8.) 69, Lord, the House of The pp. members genealogical research temple and on work

I further, 4. to remember want you And e. to married this of Church accounts Testimonies month. members and Women

the that Revelator contemplating John was not worthy receive research adventures past excursions recommend and may this in relation subject dead, the to very written consent of on project. the husband stimulate would

find will as declared, recorded he when you 2. Invite or of the a chairman memberProblems projects and I in the dead, Revelation saw 20:12—"And tell the to genealogical the committee ward 1. Call to the mind kinds number of and great, small before the stand and God; and his his does work. about quorum How its therecords kept in by manifold Church opened; another books and were book was the obligation twofold discharge committeeactivities. important they? are How is life: the opened, of Why the which and book principles of of the teaching members (1)are records of particularly temple work imthose of things judged out dead which were temple research work. encouraging and (2)portant? their in written the to books, according were to benefits the an having accrue ward What 2. is farreaching the Lord's comHow works."genealogical active temple committee? and - concerningmandment temple building? will this in discover that quotation You 3. of orthe family formation Encourage this indicate does concerning theWhat the opened; books another were book and If representative ganizations. a of such anfuture? report the someone Have temple on life; opened, the which of was book was is invite to within reach, organization him construction in under Idaho.now the of but dead things those judged out were the to the nature concerning quorum speak 3. scriptural the for foundation Review in the written which books, according were his activities of group. and for thebaptism dead. presomeone Have their to works; consequently, the books

Prophet so concerned was thesentWhyJoseph Smith's teachings concerning it. spoken of must be the books which conof performancethe proper this ordinance? about Supplementary Readings tainedto the recordsthe recordwhichof theirare keptworks,on theand earth.refer

4. from Learn the bishop what procedure the the which of life book was And book

is followed being in securing now is is the record in heaven; which kept a temple 1. It matters not what else we have been

recommend. Discuss the questionnaire recalled to do or what positions we may principle agreeing precisely with the docthe

quiring answer before recommends are isoccupy, or how faithfully in other ways we trine which is commanded you in the revesued. Why is issuing the recommend twice have labored in the Church, none is exempt lation contained in the letter which I wrote

yearly a good thing? from this great obligation [of doing temple to you previous to my leaving my place

is It all it that the in of as required reApostle work]. recordings your may be LXIXLESSON disin Elder. or heaven. Place humblest corded well as the Doctrine and (SeePriesthood and Temple Work (cone.) tinction, in the 128:2-7.) service or long Church, in Covenants

28, (Read chapter pp. 361365)

field, 5. First of the stakes Zion, or the mission Presidency to proceeded where The

I. Temple excursions: a Priesthood acor how else it may have been, will not enthe southeast corner, to lay the first stone,

tivity title one to disregard the salvation of one's though it is customary to commence at the a. Ideal as quorum project dead. Some may feel that if they pay their northeast corner—that is the beginning point

b. Participation in ward, stake excurtithing, attend their regular meetings and most generally, I believe, in the world. At

sions other duties, give of their substance to the this side of the equator we commence at c. Junior baptismal excursions poor, perchance spend one, two, or more the southeast corner. We sometimes look

d. Responsibility of supplying names years preaching in the world, that they for light you know, brethren. You old

1. Own lineage are absolved from further duty. But an men that have been through the mill pretty

2. Ward, friends'lists equally great and grand duty is to labor well, have been inquiring after light—which

II. Genealogical Society of Utah for the dead. We may and should do all way do you go? You will tell me you go

a. A common tool for securing genethese other things, for which reward will be to the east for light? So we commence by

alogical data given, but if we neglect this other weighty laying the stone on the southeast corner, b. Organized November 13, 1894, at privilege and commandment, notwithstandbecause there is the most light. (President

call of First Presidency ing all other good works, we shall find ourBrigham Young, Millennial Star, Vol. 15,

1. Duly incorporated, officered selves under severe condemnation. And p. 488.)

ReronitTPriesthood 22T2 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

'Aaronic Priesthood magnifiedgiven to Mosesit andon madethe mount,it honorable,and therebyinyou'He isthatgreateris consideredthan John—thatthe leastis myself.'among

stead of destroying it. The son of ZachJohn the Baptist, like most of the ProNineteenth in a series of articles arias wrested the keys, the Kingdom, the phets before and after him, sealed his testiwritten by the late Elder Orson F. power, the glory, from the Jews, by the mony with his blood. He was beheaded

Whitney of the Council of the holy anointing and decree of heaven. while in prison, by order of Herod Antipas,

tetrarch of Galilee, reprethe he had whom Published originally in Twelve. reference to as did have Jesus "Who

his for adulterous incestuous hended and Contributor,""The least? the looked being upon Jesus was Philip's brother his Herodias, marriage with

as having the least claim in all God's kingwife. This tragic event occurred about

Arriving at the proper age, and the dom, and was least entided to their credul- A. D. 31, the first year of our Lord's active

days of his compelled retirement ity as a Prophet, as though He had said: ministry in the flesh.

being over, John entered upThe history of the Aaronic on his mission as the forePriesthood now merges with and is that the of overshadowed by and of therunner Son of God rePriesthood, Melchizedek throughout Judeapreached stored Christ reprethrough and for repentancethe of baptism sented Apostles, His and by Him sins. of Jesus remissionthe the Elders ordained. and them by

himself was baptized of him Comparatively little is said for in Jordan, thus setting the the Lesser Priesthood by the great example and practical sacred writers of that period, the illustration of the truth of reason of which, we think, is obvious. chief the labor of The afdeclaredHis own words,

to Apostles found a was new to Nicodemus,terwards things, of order to the supersede verily,"Verily, I say unto old, in Priestthe which Aaronic thee, except a man be born hood had been the reigning idea.

of water, and of the Spirit, It devolved upon them to conhe cannot enter into the kingvert the people, so long tradidom of God."tionated in an exclusive reverOn a certain occasion, encethat morefor theperfecthouse orderof Levi,whichto

when speaking of this prophet, the Son of God introduced, to the Savior said: "Among wean them from the law of

those that are born of womMoses, now fulfilled and conseen, there hath not arisen quently obsolete, and convince the of subordinate them nature greater propheta than John the of Priesthood Aaron, nevertheless, Baptist, he ofthe their which highest been had that is least in the kingdom ideal for many centuries. Hence,

of heaven is greater than he."though there were doubtless in

the ancient Church, bishops, Smith, Joseph The Prophet PRESIDING FIFTH W. NIBLEY, CHARLES Priests, Teachers, and Deacons

utterthis BISHOP upon CHURCHcommenting OF THE in as well abundance, as aposance of Jesus, after reminding tles, Prophets, Pastors, High his hearers of the scriptural From the depths of poverty to the heights of affluence Priests, Seventies, and Elders;

declaration that John "did this was the life experience of Charles Wilson Nibley, the former are not so prominently of the Church. Presiding Bishop latter. the as mentioned it fifth is miracle,"says:no "How

to 5, Huntersfield, at Scotland, 1849, Born February (7*0 be Continued) consideredthat one was John his five before, joined the years parents Church had who greatest of prophets?of the the migration, preparation childhood spent for and amid was

His miracles could not have first to Rhode Island in 1855, and then to Utah in 1860. Aaronic Priesthood

constituted his greatness? The first family home in Cache Valley was a part dugPageant Ready

out. A stove was traded for land, and the future Presiding

"Firstly. He was intrusted Bishop began his career as a farmer. Beginning in 1865, A ll details of the plans for

with a divine mission of preparhe became successively clerk, station agent, general freight * the Aaronic Priesthood ing the way before the face of and ticket agent, and missionary to England. Pageant, "Prepare Ye the

secretary In Elder Nibley manager 1879, and became Lord.the a had such Whoever completed have been Way,"

at the of Manufacturing Logan Order United Companytrust before to him committed the will ocpresentation and collector assessor he Later for Cache County. and and since?or man. No cur Thursday, Wednesday, the the of an organizer Oregon Lumber became Company,

"Secondly. He was intrusted Sumpter Valley Railroad Company, and the LaGrande and Friday, October 1, 2, and

with the important mission and Sugar Company. He was first counselor in the first stake 3 in the Tabernacle.

it was required at his hands to presidency of Union Stake. The first production of its

baptize the Son of Man. WhoHe had many close contacts with high Church leaders. kind to be presented by the

ever had the honor of doing that? He accompanied President Joseph F. Smith to Europe, Aaronic Priesthood, this

President had so great a priviHawaii, to Canada,Whoever and and Heber J. Grant to pageant is intended to emfor dedications.lege and glory? temple Arizona and Canada

the of the message call to the Bishopric Presiding in 1907. The came He phasize

forcto bring Priesthood and until in the "Thirdly. John, at that time, served counselor 1925 second he became when

was the only legal administrator First Presidency. He died in 1931. ibly to the attention of young

affairsin the that the of kingdom the served during particularly Nibley value the Bishop people as a member World War then earth, the holdand onwas Industries the the Board. of During he anwar guide as the Priesthood of War a

ing the of power. keys The for that than the bushels of 200,000 Church more nounced living. life to and his to instructions hadJews obey the wheat, Relief been accumulated Society which had by appropriImpressive and theiror law, damned, be by own President advice since 1876, of under Brigham Young, effects, lighting scenic ate and all fulfilled himself Christand in relieve to help the released shortage be would wheat

righteousness in becoming obeAmerica. which have been developed

dient to the law, which He had {Continued on page 620).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Aaronic Priesthood BISHOPS'CONFERENCE, stainers,continue leadingto be thecoachessport say.of total ab-

{Continued from page 619) OCTOBER 2 The new roll call in which prominent institutions and their football mentors the of been have Church fluorofover research using months Bishops are rules in quoted drinking""no on in special participate to invited a lighting for specialescent "atmoresulted sports of a survey from 15,000 in Salt conference Lake, Thursday, effects feature. willsphere"a be school students, high indicated which 2. the of phases Important October will a persons Nearly be thousand close attention these people young to the entrusted of the Church work in chorus theengaged the given to coaches'warning, have presentation—a in allday will discussed bishops be

of over four hundred and choral speaksessions. The Aaronic Priesthood "Even a few drinks spoil your possiing groups of nearly five hundred. Pageant, "Prepare Ye the Way,"bilities as an athlete."

Principals, musicians, committee memwill furnish the program for the Replying to Secretary Breg's request bers, and special assistants will comevening. for upto-date opinions and observaplete the roster. tions, "to show why this rule persists,

stake bishoprics of and Members is increasingly drinking though even this realize that is one ofpresidencies bishops'attending the conwill their popular were among many Americans,"contributions to the National Defense ference 2 invited to attend are October the of Princeton, Cornell, coaches SyraProgram. in date. that Salt theon Those Lake cuse, State, Harvard, Ohio Washinglifting the conditions permitarea are to the When attend encouraged on State, Christian, Colgate, ton Texas

restrictions, plans can these of and new night,opening leaving the eveFriday Agricultural Mechanical, and Texas it is intended to go forward made, be forning visipresentation conference Illinois, of Universities Alabama, and lines origthe the excursion along withtors. California, Pennsylvania, Kansas,

inally announced. North Carolina, and Minnesota.

California Excursion Postponed Standard Quorum Award on Typical"why coachesof the won'ttwopointkeep emphasisdrinking

Inability of the railroads to provide Records Should be Checked Now men on the squad"was the statement football University's of Cornell head facilities during the of month DePriesthood Aaronic and Ctake Ward Snavely, coach, Carl found G. who the of ofcember, requirements because *-* officers of leaders quorums and effectalcoholic indulgence harmfullyNational Program, Defense made have for Standard Awards working Quorum skill, reactions, ing stamina, nervous the of thenecessary postponement the records for check should 1941 now threatalso processes, mental and and California Priesthood midAaronic deficiencies of to plan any up and make morale. ening team planexcursionwinter been had which months. the summer tests or perform "Those make who restricfor holidays. thened Under left in to three which months With effects the of experiments concerningtions, just announced been which have all offer credits, should build leaders up will alcoholic the that agree beverages railroads, the of excursions any noby improve possible encouragement and these use has of harmful a beverages the are permitted to withinkind be insure the activity to winning records skill, effect one's stamina, nervous upon the States during period fromUnited all it is possible. at the of award, where processes,"reactions, mental and 31. to 12 DecemberDecember With not of Leaders have quorums which in stated, a Snavely summary Coachthe the release of from 200,000 men this effort lay should the year made interthe other coaches approved by the alreadyarmy, announced Govby for start proper the to get plans now Youth. Allied viewed by in early beginningernment, December, is It considerable desirable that 1942. skill of "Regardless he any may for the to give furloughs proposaland in preparaeducational done be work I in interested possess, not having am several tothe holidays hunChristmas it. is to tion, the time do and now does not squad on any boy who my railroads the thousanddred men, have like success. succeeds Nothing Quoself- sufficient poise, pride, have and all facilities their required to holdbeen the Standard have which rums won all abstain lead to to control from him for theseopen movements. it easier to find once Quorum Award alcoholic beverages. of types is the circumstances, there no Under it tradition of year. the second win A is "It that opinion a boy who myalternative but excurto the postpone established which success has been little in his pride takes so performance until restricsion as present time such carries over. little excell to so has ambition or andtions are plans can removed and new is in the involved so There much his qualifications as the to of most makebe made. that plan Standard Quorum Award likely to prove not a player be would It is that disappointment with keen Priestin progress Aaronic encourages rigors of the during tough a dependable isthis made, but announcement we is that urged every quorum work hood critical season. could he meet Nor it will accepted behope members by it. follow to adopt and arise to situations expect regwhich we leadthe the Priesthoodof Aaronic and

ers in the spirit of good citizenship as ularly upon the football field. The

one of the sacrifices being made necespresence of such a boy on the squadsary by the National Defense Program. YOUTH AND THE would undoubtedly have such a harmof the orthe morale ful effect upon circumstances must allUnder the we

that, possessed be WORD OF WISDOM ganization even if he sacrificeswilling are whatever to make required of us, for National Defense. superior ability, his influence would be

with which The enthusiasm this exALCOHOL AND ATHLETICS harmfulanything andhe mightwould contributemore thantempooffsetcursion announcement was received over the Church has been most grati- /Outstanding football coaches of rarily in the form of superior play."

fying. It not only promised to be American universities announced "There is no place in championship

the most important event of its kind in recently through W. Roy Breg, exathletics for liquor,"agreed Coach

Aaronic Priesthood history, but also to ecutive secretary of Allied Youth, naHomer H. Norton of the hardhitting

Aggies (Texas Agricultural and high Texas of educational movement for the tional great of a amount gooddo ) Mechanical places that school students, there are no of theboys Church. improved The

morale throughout the Aaronic Priestopen on college and university football "Ohio State University stands by its hood quorums of the Church has alsquads for players who use alcoholic 'no drinking'rule for athletes,"Paul E.

ready been noticeable, and it is hoped beverages. Brown, director of football, announced,

that it can be maintained and turned Even though the manpower of "because we feel a boy owes it to his to good account. It is hoped that the prominent football contenders among own physiological welfare and to the

boys of the Church, who had already colleges and universities will be dewelfare of the team as a whole."

begun planning to go to California, creased by army duty and jobs in de- (To be concluded in the November will not be too greatly disappointed but fense industries, varsity football will Era) lUardTeachinq aQrr CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

The action of tobacco is exactly the

WARD TEACHERS theoppositebloodof vessels.alcohol. InAlcoholtime thisexpandsex-

A ND if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him pansion becomes permanent and causes "*"* him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may a breakdown."(From The Everbecome strong also. green. )

those Therefore, take with you who are ordained unto the lesser Concerning Tea and Coffee priesthood 84:106, 107.) (Doc. & Cov.,

The fact that coffee, in doses sufficient raises effects, stimulating to produce any Suggestions For Ward Teachers of the action stimulates pressure blood and

Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should the kidneys, is also good reason for using

arterial of in these days caution it with of the should aware be illness death. visit in They of and times them

affection. strain to tendency kidney and extent to their such an people status of temporal spiritual, physical, and kidneys act that drugs on the Nowadays assistance appropriate once, at and distress be reported that want and may of Instead caution. great with are used

to the worthy be provided without delay. spurring the kidney with drugs, its work

In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly is regulated by proper diet, water intake, appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family etc. A recent investigation of a group of

questions containing the following import: 1,000 cases of high blood pressure showed

that excess use of tea and coffee was one 1. Are you in harmony of the outstanding factors in this group.

a. With your neighbors and associates?

Authorities stake, General and b. ward, With of the Church? Melchizedek Priesthood duties to your Church attending 2. you Are

a member a. As meeting, fasting once each month and paying Fast Offering, No LiquorTobacco Column Attending

paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions? ( Concluded from page 617)

officer an b. As it. Is terests, however, always oppose

council attending Setting proper example, the of meetings, etc.? this a what not good indication prayers? to secret attending and family you 3. Are should friends of temperance do?

Success to the movement in California, in Idaho, and elsewhere!

Drinking and Driving THE DEVELOPMENT OF CHARACTER A problem not yet solved in America ** or elsewhere is that of safe driving. Jesus said: "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in

heaven is perfect."Matt. 5:48. It is a muchdiscussed problem, but apIt should be the aim of every Latterday Saint to strive to perfect parently it is yet to a considerable

himself as urged by the Savior. While perfection may appear to be imextent a problem similar to that of the

possible of attainment in this life, to strive for it is not only possible and weather, of which Mark Twain redesirable for every person, but it is our duty. marked "Everybody talks about it, but

The Gospel of Jesus Christ should make of the Latterday Saints a nobody does anything about it."people who will be the wonder of the whole world. If all members of the If two things were done—refusing

Church would live according to its teachings, overcoming weakness and to permit anyone to drive while under temptation, perfecting themseves and living righteous lives, this people the influence of liquor and reducing the would challenge the admiration of all nations. speed of driving—there would be far

The development of strong character, with its positive qualities of fewer motor car accidents. Does not

honesty, courage, self control, faith, confidence, kindness, energy, thrift, the gravity of the problem warrant loyalty, morality, and will power, should be the determination of every these two things being done?

member. What power and influence for good would come to the Church! The problem of liquor and driving is

The world today needs men and women of noble, upright character, one to which the American Business as never before. The Church has the same need. Those of us who are Men's Research Foundation has given

beset by worldly weakness should strive with all diligence to develop strong, much study. In a recent circular of the

desirable characters by continually exercising self control and will power. Foundation Mr. Charles R. Jones, exDoing the will of the Lord and living in accordance with His teachings will ecutive vice president, said:

be of greatest assistance. With the Ten Commandments as a guide and We must not lose sight of the fact that

determination to live the life of a true Latterday Saint as a sustaining the number of traffic deaths throughout the force, a strong, positive, wholesome character is possible for every one country this year to date is menacingly of us. higher than it was in 1940, when some

34,500 fatal accidents were reported, which included 25%, or approximately 8,600, in which liquor was a driver or a pedestrian drinkthat the must remember We or athletically minded persons factor.Tobacco Taboo for the Athlete athletes

is peril to safe ing driver everyday an assemble.

Tn a recent copy of The First Aider, The excessive use of tobacco conhighway travel.

published by the Cremar Chemical tracts the blood vessels. This cuts the Relative to this problem President

Co., a very interesting article on the circulation of blood. Over a period Jones said elsewhere:

action of tobacco on the body of an of time these vessels, arteries and Experience since repeal shows that apathlete will settle many arguments that capilaries cannot respond and permaproximately onefourth of all automobilehave arisen in midnight sessions and nent injury occurs—nutrition decreases accidents are caused by persons who have

other round table discussions wherever and growth may be hindered. been drinking.

u fiencaloqu

A GENEALOGICAL "CRUSADE"genealogical instruction and two peoMiles traveled in automobile 15,318

IN THE NORTHERN STATES ple of wide experience and deep spirCost of gas, oil, repairs, etc $312.32

MISSION itual sincerity ready for action. The Cost of food, lodging, and other esPresident LeoBy writer had long before taken the meassential items $534.08 Muir spirited his ure of C. Hawkins and Roe held.. Special genealogical 114 meetings

StatesNorthern MissionJ. in wife, S. 1935 Julia Hawkins. Back attended Other meetings opwhere

Tn six months the Saints in the Norththeyconducthad beena movementappointedinto LosorganizeAngelesand portunityalogical discussionwas afforded for gene65 ern States Mission experienced a Stake for the reclaiming of several hunPrivate interviews in solving genesoul-stirring renaissance in genealogy. dred Church members who had become alogical problems 582 In every branch of the mission—fiftyindifferent to the influence of the Number of people receiving direct

eight in private and activity, their genealogical 2,171 Church. instruction As a

meetings held eager in which werenumber—public of listhree them hundred of Total people attending number resultpeople—mostofteners scriptural taught the were backfam- genealogical with couples married young meetings newly 2,753

of genealogy,ground of remethods total of public meetings atled forward into active Grand search, family records, preparation tended 179 of ilies—wereChurch service.

temple sheets, the importance of temple Roe C. Hawkins is a convert, having Hours devoted to actual teaching of

work, books of remembrance, etc. joined the Church in 1920. He has held genealogical work in public gathThis extensive campaign of spiritual numerous Church positions: among erings 282

in spent hours meetings, public technical instructionand conducted was them, assistant stake director of genTotal gatherings, family individual and in stronghearted crusadersby two a instruction 533pilgrimage six the which covered of tracts, Pamphlets, sheets and work industrial statesleading nation. in our in this service employed 5,500

In a car whose trunk and back seat secNights lodging paid for 35 tion were packed with essential clothNights lodging at homes of saints.... 127

ing and genealogical equipment, these crusaders ferreted their way through a Like all statistical information, these thousand towns and cities to chapels, figures, though impressive, are cold and halls, and homes where appointments colorless. They are the mathematical

were arranged for meetings of instrucproduct of a pilgrimage motivated by tions. Who were they and what led love, brotherhood, and the soulre-

them to this vast undertaking? deeming spirit of Elijah. That the

At the close of a testimonial held Saints and missionaries alike were capMay 26, 1939, in honor of the writer of tivated by this spirit has been evidenced this article and his wife, a suggestion in every meeting held and in the urgent was made to Roe C. Hawkins and his request that Brother and Sister Hawwife, Julia S. Hawkins, of Long Beach, BR0THER AND SISTER ROE C. HAWKINS kins return to give extended instrucCalifornia, that they prepare to fill a tion. More often than otherwise the

short term mission in the Northern ealogy and member of the stake high meetings ran to midnight, often later.

States within the next few years. council. He is a good speaker and an With deep religious zeal, members and

"We'd love to do so,"both of them excellent teacher. He makes friends missionaries received instruction and

affirmed enthusiastically. However, on every hand and influences them with labored to perfect their knowledge of

they proceeded to explain that during a kindly spirituality. Sister Julia S. genealogical technique. As Brother

the past decade their business had sufHawkins is a nativeborn Mormon, and Sister Hawkins concluded their fered rapid decline—from an inventory through Idaho pioneer parents. She visits, parting sorrows were everyof $100,000 almost to the vanishing too has held numerous offices of the where manifested.

point. At the moment, because of deChurch both in ward and stake organiThey have made for themselves hunfaults of several creditors, the concern zations. Following a mission {1906dreds of genuine friendships. They

was laboring under approximately 07) in the Western States, she was have written their names and im- $3,000 of urgent indebtedness. a counselor or president in ward or pressed their spirits upon many hunIn spite of all this, a strong ambition stake Relief Societies for twentytwo dreds of hearts in Northern States

to perform a mission directed particuyears. For nearly four years she Mission.

larly toward genealogy found lodgment served as a member of Los Angeles But, better than all this, they have in the souls of these fine people. "While Stake genealogical board. impressed upon hundreds of hearts the

they gave only faint promise that they With this background of rich experideep import of the message and the would set their hearts to the task of ence, Brother and Sister Hawkins left service which brought them to this mispreparing for such a mission, they Long Beach, April 1, 1940, en route to sion. Hundreds of people have "gone

secretly cherished the desire and looked the Northern States Mission. Followto work"in this great spiritual enterforward to the undertaking. Before a ing April general conference in Salt prise. In practically every branch in

full year had passed, under the spur of Lake they spent eight days in the ofthis mission someone can now be found this laudable ambition, and surely with fices of the Utah Genealogical Society to take leadership in genealogical acthe blessing of the Lord, all indebtedstudying the files. They reached mistivities. In every branch there is someness of the enterprise was paid off and sion headquarters in Chicago on April one who knows how and feels the urge

$600.00 was laid by to cover the esti19. The next day their service began to take hold of this movement.

mated cost of six months in the mission at the Indianapolis conference. In a spirit of sincere gratitude and

field. The writer was greatly surprised The following tabulation presents a genuine pride the Northern States Miswhen word came in late March, 1940, graphic picture of the work accomsion makes acknowledgment of its inthat Brother and Sister Hawkins were plished by Brother and Sister Hawkins debtedness to Brother and Sister Hawready to enter the mission field. between April 20 and September 23, kins. We cherish the hope that they

Here, indeed, was a great opportunity 1940, when they left Springfield, Illiwill soon bless us with another missionfor service: a mission field ripe for nois, on their journey homeward. ary service.

rUOm

special similar instances, for this three sacramental hymns play tenor part HYMNS FORCHURCHWIDE three in the right the coming during attention hand with the thumb andOCTOBER, NOVEMBER, fingers. second 15, "Behold in October, months: No. will The harmonyAND DECEMBER the Great Redeemer Die"; in Novemways be rich when all four parts arealsounded, and especially so when We Meet Around

sounded together No. 32, with a sixteenfootHYMNS CAN BE BEAUTIFUL ber,the Board";No. 9, "Againand in December,

By J. Spencer Cornwall "How great the Wisdom and the Love"subbass.

will be sung during the time in our meetThese hymns may also be very efOCTOBER ings when the Priests break the bread fective when played by the organ alone

Behold the Great Redeemer in preparation for the sacrament servduring the service. It should then proDie—No. 15 ices. ceed at a slower tempo and very softly.

inspiring for The beautiful Eliza words three hymns call by R. Snow

filter will then the throughEliza R. Snow—George Careless identicalThese treatment The minds of all by organists.

'T'his sacramental hymn is one of our chosenonce in hymnsuch ashouldreverentbe playedand devotionalthrough thoseupon thepresent,service,focusingand thustheirimprovingthoughts best. Structurally it is built in a style that the congregation will be eager the quality of their worship. Try to

series of arches or halfarch form. To and ready to sing in that same way. touch their hearts as you play the cold

give more tone to the highest notes of To accomplish this, the organist should keys before you.

each phrase by introducing smooth play only medium loud, with soft sixcrescendos and diminuendos, is an efteen-foot bass in the left hand in the fective way to interpret it. It should case of a reed organ, no fourfoot or

be sung reverently and therefore with super couplers in the right hand, and a more subdued volume of tone. The with only the right knee swell in use

is that so not slowspeed slow but is leisurely expression. each for tempo The in music We specialize in breath.phrase sung cannot one be stocks lor vocal to allow MUSICLarge well not slow, be forandchurchesinstrumentaland schools.solos, but it would

bands and orchestras. Headquarters

for L. D. it to become progressivey slower and choirs,for music S. organizations.

filledNOVEMBER Mail orders promptly or write for catalogues and spelists. cialAgain We Meet Around slower.play aheadOnoftheyourothersingers,hand, buttry notratherto

the Board—No. 9. accompany them. Be a gentle shepDAYNES MUSIC CO.

solicit your patronage WeEliza R. Snow—George Careless herd.

St. Salt Lake City Most important in these hymns is the 47 So. Main

4 * A gain We Meet Around the need for a very smooth, legato rendiat the a breath Take of tion. a sacramental Board"is hymn

pressing the fingers phrases, but keep end of HEADQUARTERS for All to the pitches beauty. emmuch Due

else. the well everywhere keys on alto parts,ployed in the soprano and By M.I.A. Festival Music continuity, the of melodic such means ladies that the it is imperative tone use

quality which is somewhat subdued and organ will seem to be singing also.

constantly beautiful. The slurs used to trouble give tenor parts may The warn25throughout should be performed as, for organists, example, young with some

espedirectness portamento; and no of Great at the beginning "How the 70 SO. MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH true cially is this of the soprano In this and Love."and the and Wisdom

alto duet. Simple beauty is the aim to

attain in the singing of this hymn.

DECEMBER How Your Ward CAN Own aand the GreatLove—No.the Wisdom32.

Eliza R. Snow—Thos. Mclntyre

Great the and the"T-Jow Wisdom HAMMOND ORGAN forceful of exposition is a A Love"the sacramental theme. It should be WITH THE FULL APPROVAL AND ASSISTANCE

solid tone with sung throughout a

It soft. louder than always press OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC must

forward with deep sincerity. The

chorister must, to insure ease, make a Everywhere, churches have found that the magnificent tones point of repose at the end of the first of this instrument has a strengthening influence. YOUR conline that beats of the two by slowing

spirituality measure. a gregation will feel a deeper religious interest stemming from and A sincere

clear declaration of the text are the ends the glorious music of the HAMMOND. For

to seek in the performance of this hymn. full information, see or write

SUGGESTIONS FOR ORGANISTS MR. SELDON N. HEAPS

ON OCTOBER, NOVEMBER, AND DECEMBER HYMNS GI.ENBH05. MUSIC CO.

By Alexander Schreiner 'T'he General Music Committee of the 74 SO. MAIN

Church has chosen the following SALT LAKE CITY

is being made to work overtime trying(D&pahiwumL / dua*iwtL to do two jobs, that of Faith and its own.

THE CHURCH EDUCATIONAL standards and mould them to those of Such being the case the Church feels

PROGRAM IN LOS ANGELES the group. Furthermore, the young justified in the yearly spending of hunfor the of dollars dreds of thousands

buildings of beautifulBy Dr. G. Byron Done, menare andjust womenas fine,of theand businessattract worldeach maintenance conDirector of the L. D. S. Institute of other just as strongly, as those on a colvenient to these campuses, where classes

Religion at Los Angeles and Lecturer lege campus. The opportunities for a in Church History and Doctrine are

in Religion at the University of romance which may lead to marriage given; where the Bible, the Book of

Southern California with those of another faith may be the Mormon, and The Doctrine and Covesame in both instances. But this is nants are taught as historical and reliApproximately 36,000 young men doubtful, as success in college is as gious facts; where the religious method

"and women will enroll this fall at much a social recognition or identificaand the religious experience are conthe two Universities, four Junior Coltion as it is a scholastic attainment. sidered as real and as valid as those of

leges, and one Business College in the One of the purposes of the university science; where men of faith, and of

Los Angeles area where the Church and the college seems to be that of scholarship on a level with many of maintains an Institute of Religion and providing social and recreational life the teachers of science and philosophy, sponsors SocioReligious organizations (experiences) for students. The exare employed to help perplexed stusuch as Deseret Clubs and the Lambda istence of scores of social fraternities dents think through their problems

Delta Sigma Fraternity. and sororities on a campus is evidence when and where they first appear, and

Only 600 of the 36,000 enrollees will of the fact that the individual seeks the when they are most needed; where

be Latterday Saints. This means that social approval of the group. So strong teachers are immediately accessible to

for every Mormon student that registers is this desire in many that they are students who are inclined to have there will be 60 nonMormons registerwilling to compromise their own stanmore faith in the advice of a religious ing. On some campuses the prodards for such approval. Thus the very man with academic standing than in

portions will be higher and on nature and purpose of a college or unithat of his own parent, bishop, or Sunothers lower. For example: Those versity campus encourages the social day School teacher.

of the 600 who enroll at the University experiences of the students in a way of California at Los Angeles will reprethat is not true of the business world. While students on the Utah and Los

sent but 1 in 90, while those enBut the complete and distinct differAngeles campuses have many probtering the University of Southern Calience in the two situations is to be found lems in common the problem of social fornia will be outnumbered 83 to 1. in the comparison of the natures and identification with those of their own

The Mormon boy or girl at the Pasafunctions of the classroom with those kind would seem to be greater for those dena Junior College will be interested of the office, bank, store, or workshop. in Southern California. The majority

in knowing that he or she will be only The Mormon youth in the business of students at the Utah schools are 1 in 200 as compared to his fellow world are not exposed several hours a Latterday Saints most of whom were religionists at the Compton or Long day for several years to lectures by born in small Mormon communities

Beach Junior Colleges where 1 in every scholarly men, many of whom are auwhere they went through the grades and 42 will be members of the Church. thorities in the fields of science and high school with Mormon classmates

These predictions are made on the philosophy, the doctrines of which are and were taught in the main by Mormon assumption that all Mormon students still theories but are taught as facts and teachers. At college the majority of their

enrolling at these schools will designate accepted as such by immature minds classmates, fraternity brothers, sorority their religious affiliation on the registhat are unduly impressed by the erudisisters, and members of their clubs will tration card provided for this purpose. tion of their teachers. Yet, not once be Mormons. To students, therefore, acHowever, this will not be the case, for during these impressionable years customed to the warm, friendly, and inabout one in six ( a conservative figure will students hear in any college timate atmosphere of the Mormon comwill prefer to keep his church memberclassroom, from any teacher of scholarmunities large cities and campuses preship secret, thinking, perhaps, it might ship equal to those in the fields of sent a new problem,—that of social

militate in some way against his scholscience and philosophy, one lecture on identification with their religious group,astic or social success were it known. "Faith In God,""The Divinity of—a group that represents only 10 of

The Church is intensely interested in Christ,""The validity of Religious every 1000 population. The temptathese 600 young people, as it is interFaith,"or "The Plan of Salvation."tion to accept the religious anonymity

ested in all its college youth throughout There are, of course, men on college which the great metropolitan centers the nation. So interested in fact that faculties who could deliver such lecand their schools offer is an enticingit spent nearly a million dollars last tures if permitted to. The law, howone to many,—the invitation to be "of

year, and will spend an equal amount ever, forbids the teaching of religion the world"with little fear of being this year in teaching them the Gospel in state supported schools, although it discovered or censured by the groups and in keeping them socially identified permits the teaching of irreligion and in which they should be active.

with each other while at school. agnosticism—not in formal courses Cognizant of the many difficulties

True, the Church does not foster labeled as such, naturally, but by infacing Mormon students in Los Angeles

Religious Institutes, Deseret Clubs, direction through inferences, insinuaand elsewhere, the Church urges them, and Lambda Delta Sigma Fraternities tions and omissions. When religion as it does all its youth in the college

for its thousands of young stenogwas excluded from the classroom the and university world, to take full adraphers, bookkeepers, bankclerks and state unwittingly placed the stamp of vantage of the facilities of its Institutes carpenters as it does for its student approval upon science and philosophy, of Religion; to identify themselves with

youth. And this in spite of the fact that and in essence said to all students, its religious, intellectual, and social

in places like Los Angeles the problems "Only that experience which can be programs; to safeguard their heritage

of students and clerks parallel each verified by the scientific method is a and to enrich their lives with the soulother in many respects, most important fact or real. Therefore, the only way satisfying truths of a revealed religion

of which is the fact that both are to truth is by the scientific method."rather than starve by confining

minority groups by great odds, and are Believing this fallacy thousands of their education to the vacuous docbeing bombarded constantly by social teachers and students have become, as trines of manmade philosophies; to

pressures and appeals inimical to their one devout educator has expressed it, feel the strength of faith in God rather own standards of conduct and religious "Brains on stilts."Consequently, in than the enervation of doubt and agnosdevotion. Both are targets of the slow, the hearts of many of our own boys and ticism; to choose the right him or the

subtle, unconscious forces in social ingirls the prophet is being replaced by only her from among those of like reteraction which break down individual the philosopher, and factual knowledge ligious heritage.

Ct fflutuafUlessaqesllllll H I IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBIIIIIIIIWIHIMIIIIIHIWIIIHHWIIWIIIIIIII Mlllllll III ll l lllll 1-mffT IIIII Hfl lHMMIMIIIMMII—llTmmi IMIIIIWI=02o

feel that they will be kept happy and Important: Students in piano are

active in the Church. welcomed to the classes for organists.

SecutiVes CHORISTERS,PREPARE FOR ORGANISTSLEADERSHIP! Theytheir skillwill andbe taughttechniquehow toto thetransfernew

medium.=33 General Superintendency and Presidency The Mutual Improvement Associa- I. A. RELIEF M. FOR PROGRAMSTWO tions are keenly of the aware value of A.SOCIETY AND M. I. this Brethren and Sisters: Dear course and the opportunity it affords to our workers. Through such 2. Service, EveningSunday Nov Institutes for training the Music HpHE of training and development the constant will * choristers organists and again be the Relief Society with cooperaterTTo problem of find to where adequate leadthe held during in the season various coming in their year, celebrating centennial ership is in largely music It is. solved. localities in the mentioned enclosed sched-

I. this regrant tothe A. is happy M. that recommended the necessary

quest that they be given the first Sunule.We have noted most gratifying improveamounts to cover the fees for this.

day evening in November (November ment in the work of those who have taken course for at least one M. I. A. direccourses our carefully and for followed special the sugour presentation of a2) I. tor and one organist in A. M. each

is It if felt gestions. that persist this in wemembershipbuilding All program. ward, included be in the allowbudget training of musicians, movement Church set to are regular aside asked thewards for ance the organization. that in years, a few a decided immore this for outlined to evening andwork

in the provement exercises the music of participate in the following program I. A. will whole noted. thereChurch M. be THE we, May THEME

Relief the Society:planned by fore, respectfully that suggest give acyou BOOKMARK

tive this to support urging movement by CongregationMusic—choristers your to organists in enroll and for T AST the year Festival Theme and.Prayer

the to courses the be ** year. given coming Days, the HonorSpecial (Singing General Society Boards Music—Relief location (in cases) and tenThe some is if available) chorus Mothers, scrolls, small prepared on were which tative of time beginning of these courses Quest""Our I. Common printed the offered: A. M. Theme, and are in the given enclosed schedule. For Relief representative Society field. in for them use the wards information exact Many concerning the day and

I.Special -M. Music A. stakes first and accepted class, the of hour the eagerly local them and bishop should Relief to Society"Salute Membership"....

consulted. be they greatly were appreciated the by I. representative Y. A. M. M.

Sincerely, individuals receiving them. to Relief Membership".... Society"Salute

Music—"A HundredY. W. M.ThousandI. A. representativeStrong"GENERALBy Tracy Y.MUSICCannon,COMMITTEEchairman. denThisStakes,year, onit hassuggestionbeen decidedof the Ogto

,—Singing Mothers furnish the Theme in the form of an.

(if chorus is available), congregation Professional Training at attractive bookmark. The theme is in.

to in join chorus center; the left at Exceedingly the inappears the LowCost

Closing Prayer I. signia the of in A. green back- M.

full 24 training hours of is yours A ground with the and monogram words. Relief will consult Society with The to at enjoy these costs: nominal Or- "Let's to Mutual"and "Bring Go officers a in I. A. I. A. makingM. the M. ganists, Choristers, $8; $4. in gold. Friend"is price per The 30cassignments.

is training comprehensive The in If 100. order you immediately can you

Tuesday Evening Service, scope and practical in character. Orreceive them in time for your Autumn.

March 17 ganists are given a basic schooling in Socials or for your Carry OnAdvance- organ technique in the selecand trained ment exercises. 17, Relief is the Tuesday, March tion of all appropriate for music ward

it this Birthday;Society year marks stake occasions. and Choristers are ERA SUCCESS NOTEDthe 100th anniversary of the organitaught how to project their personalzation the of the of Church women by ities to interpret and singing music to Cister Harris, led her Marion who thisthe Smith. Prophet Joseph On * groups. also drilled are in They such to victory, is displaying ward the theevening Improvement Mutual Astechnical items of conducting as the recognition given to the CenTacomasociations are to asked cooperate with effective baton. use of stuthe These tral for first not only being to Ward in Relief Societythe the whatever way also, dents, are in instructed matters its reach also quota but securing thelatter desire. In lose to order not may of appropriate selection. music 626), (Continued on page featuresimportant of our program, own

it may be necessary to "double up"on

March 10 or March 24, so as to include lessons now scheduled for the 17th.

SCOUTS AND BEEHIVE GIRLS TO BE GIVEN SPECIAL CONSIDERATION A letter from the General Superin- * tendency of the Primary Association solicits our special consideration for the new boys and girls. It calls attention to the fact that occasionally the

twelveyear old children who enter the

M. I. A. feel "quite lost when they find "ERA"WORKERS OF THE THREE LEADING WARDS IN THE SEATTLE STAKE—194041 CAMPAIGN

Readino left from to right: President Parker, Ray Central; Elvin Bishop Evans, Tacoma E. Central* Tacoma situto adjustthey semiadult to a have

Taft Young, Bishop J. Bremerton; Frye, John Bremerton; President Harold Seattle; Thompson, Westation.""If could they feel BrotherPresident be made to Ambrose Chabot, West Seattle; Brother Jones, Seattle; Idris Tom West Haneburg, Director, "Era"

Bremerton; President Frye, Myrtle Bremerton; President Qualles, Ora Director, L. C. Seal, Tacoma Central; "Era"caredmore welcome and more for as Seattle Stake; Harris, Marion Director, "Era"Central; Tacoma President First Seattle; Olive Webster, Westtheir officers Counselor ages demand,"Primary Ardella Thompson, Seattle. West

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

is the highest virtue—Hunext."Mutual Messages alovingsimpledevotionstory of selfsacrificeto the causeandof long,huTolerationmility comes So courageously

(Continued from page 625) manity. The reader feels so much a does he pursue his resolve, and so fruitlargest percentage of its families as Era part of the story, is so entranced by its ful is his work that you feel within

subscribers. poignant beauty, that his interest never yourself a strong determination to take

President Olive Webster is holding lags. up the fight where he leaves it.

the recognition given to West Seattle Father Chisholm made this pledge Too much of this lovely book must

Ward for taking second place, Era when he was an unhappy boy: 'I not be revealed. Begin to read it and

Director M. E. Salisbury being absent. promise faithfully to oppose bravely all it will be difficult for you to lay it down

Sister Idris Haneburg is holding that is stupid and bigoted and cruel. until it is finished.

recognition given to Bremerton Ward for third place, which ward led the stake during the previous year.

All three wards have more than an

Era in every home or its equivalent, reaching 770% of their quota.

llffllieSfiieane

Dr. W. Creed Haymond and Hazel Brockbank,

chairmen; Dr. Wesley P. Lloyd, Dr. Franklin S.

Harris, Dr. L. A. Stevenson, Homer C. Warner,

Werner Kiepe, John D. Giles, Dr. Le Roy J. Buckmiller, Marie Waldram, Ileen Ann Waspe. Freda

Jensen, Minnie E. Anderson, Vella H. Wetzel.

stories holds many itself in tighdy MY Wrappedbook

And yet, it never makes a noise

But waits upon the shelf Until I come and take it;

And then my book and I Are sailing on a fairy sea, Or floating in the sky.—Unknown.

In the July Era a tentative yearly program for M MenGleaners'reading was given. It was suggested that for

October you choose a book of modern fiction or nonfiction. A "must"for

fiction reading is The Keys of the Kingdom, by A. J. Cronin.

Many authors in their eagerness to present a startling picture of life, concentrate, to the boredom of the discriminating reader, upon the distasteful, the unpleasant, and the immoral. They

have forgotten that the purposes of literature is to inspire the masses to live better, to lift them, as it were, to the "windowsills"of life where they might see more beauty and purpose than their constricted lives would allow them.

As in his preceding novel, The Citadel, Dr. Cronin tells the story of a man

who is an individualist in the sense that his conscience and not his selfinterest is his guide. The loss of his

parents and childhood sweetheart influenced him to join the ministry.

Dr. Cronin has combined in the life

of this humble priest, Father Chisholm, a strength of character that is matched only by the dramatic episodes which test him. Through it all there is suffused an air of beauty and gentleness, 6. K0L0B STAKE'S PRESENTATION OF THE OPERA "MARITANA."

and a welcome thread of humor. It is 7. a, b, c. DETAILS OF DECORATIONS USED IN THE LAS VEGAS WARD, MOAPA STAKE, FOR THE

GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

8. A BEEHIVE FIREPLACE AT WOODRUFF, SNOWFLAKE STAKE, WHICH WAS PLACED AS A

CORRECTION JUBILEE YEAR MEMORY MARKER.

In the September issue of the "Era,"p. 560, the 9. THE "COLONIAL CHORAL SOCIETY"ORGANIZED IN PORTLAND, OREGON.

captions for the pictures were incorrect, except for 10. CAST OF CHARACTERS OF THE DRAMA, "HANDCART TRAILS,"PRESENTED IN THE FAIRBANKS

the first picture. Picture 2 is of the Ensign Chorus, BRANCH M. I. A.. NORTHWESTERN STATES MISSION.

missionaries of the Eastern States Mission; picture 11. DIRECTOR AND CAST OF CHARACTERS OF THREEACT COMEDY "THE LOVELY DUCKLING,"

3 is the ExplorerJunior Chorus of the Fifth Ward, PRESENTED BY THE NEPHI SOUTH WARD, JUAB STAKE.

Pocatello Stake; pictures 4 and 5 are scenes from the 12. VINEYARD WARD, SHARON STAKE, HONOR BEEHIVE GIRLS.

operetta MARITANA, produced by the Hill Spring 13. FOUR HONOR BEEHIVE GIRLS OF ETNA WARD, STAR VALLEY STAKE. THE FIRST TO HAVE

Ward, Alberta Stake. The second caption did not COMPLETED BEEHIVE WORK.

belong in the series, since the picture of the 14. "HANDCART TRAILS"—A DRAMA PRESENTED BY THE PAROWAN STAKE.

"Colonial Chorus Society"is appearing in the current 15. MISSIONARIES OF MAIN AND VERMONT, NEW HAMPSHIRE DISTRICTS OF THE NEW ENGLAND

(October) issue as picture 9 on this page. MISSION.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Mutual Messages Q.TheAdams,old timersMagnuspresentHolm, were:C. C. CresJohn

sall, Mark H. Preece, John Cardon,

Emil Moser, R. A. Perkes, and Lola

Jorgensen.

Explorer boys participating were:—a> txppjHs Cook,Omar Hansen,Welden LynnPerkesJensen,and WilliamVarnell

Christensen, Nichols, chairman; Elmer Mark H.M.

Floyed A. Madsen,Axel Elwood G. Winters, G. Perkes of Troop 117, Hyde Park. Ted

Eyre, John D. Giles, Dr. L. A. Stevenson. Stanford and Joseph Lawrence of

....-* Troop 105, Logan Fifth Ward. Lee

CLIMBING THE EXPLORER Hendricks, of Cove, Elden Lavon::. Allen

i '".,.........::TRAIL Russell NelAnderson, Mauchley, Earl

HPhe General Board has made availson, Keith Crocket, LaMar George of

Nibley. District and Hyrum Alwyn for able the first time a handbook

California. of Watsonville, D. Sessions himself. for the Explorer Previous

publications on the Explorer program Scouters participating were: John

have been intended primarily for use Q. Adams (Dan Beard of the Cache

by the Explorer leader. Now, howValley Council.) Rudgar H. Daines,

ever, the Explorer can find out for Sol Allen, Fred Duce, Earl A. Fredhimself what his program contains, rickson, Owen Kirby, Amos Gerber,

thereby making the task of his leaderLola Jorgensen, and Albert Kirby.

ship much easier. The handbook is The dedicatory prayer was offered

called "Climbing the Explorer Trail"at the monument by Joseph B. Daines

and sometimes referred to as the "Trail of the Logan Temple presidency.

Book."Since the cost is only ten Pioneer experiences were related by

cents it is felt that every Explorer can John Q. Adams, Mark H. Preece, C.

acquire a copy and should be urged to C. Cressall, and Magnus Holm, men

do so by Explorer leaders. The size who were sawmill workers. Also

is a decided advantage, being small speaking were, Joseph E. Cardon of

enough to be carried in a shirt or Logan and Oscar A. Kirkham, Deputy

trouser pocket. Regional Scout Executive from Salt

The Trail book is divided into three Lake City.

parts; ( 1 ) Guideposts; which include

Gospel gems and characterbuilding items which every boy of Explorer George Q. Cannon. The theme projectage should know; (2) the Explorer for 194142 is: Every Explorer a ATTENTION!WARD BISHOPRICS AND M. I. A.

Valley! OFFICERS! Within Title Healthman. The Healthman inprogram, concise form, written easily Open ior Engagement. Sound SaltA ColoredLake in the SupplePlan is fully describedunderstandable Picture Entitled Motion Travelogue any man, by young and

(3) a personal record section where ment to Log No. 10 and in Climbing "AUSTRALIA BOUND"

of Trip Scenes the Explorer Trail. Showing a Camera From of his keep a recordthe Explorer may Salt City to via Australia Lake FranSan

in Exploring asadvancement as well Fiji, cisco, Tahiti, Hawaii, Samoa, and

Hour's Uniqueother Church activities. LOGAN TEMPLE SAWMILL New Zealand.Entertainment.One Apply Every attempt should be made to MONUMENT ERECTED Ben Alward, 121 1st Ave., Salt Lake City Phone 4-2431—Evening Performance $5.50 ofplace a copy the Trail Book in the "Dorty Explorers, Scout leaders, and ofhands Explorer. every

old timers of the Cache Valley

TOOLS FOR THE LEADER Council erected and dedicated a monument on the Logan Temple sawmill site

T ogforNo.M. 10I. A.is theExplorerofficialleadershandbookthis Saturday,The buildingJuly 26.of the monument beseason. Although it was published in gan early Saturday morning and con1940, it will unquestionably remain the tinued throughout the day. It was

basic leader's guide for several years. completed by 4:20 p. m. The monuNo leader should attempt to assume ment is constructed of rock taken from

direction of an Explorer troop without the fireplace and chimney of the old first having studied this handbook, sawmill mess hall. Also, incorporated

which is replete with methods for operin it are a slipscraper and a wagon ating the program. wheel that were used at the mill while it

A supplement to Log No. 10 has been was in operation from 1 877 to 1 886. In

published for the current year which a copper box deposited in the monument should be used along with Log No. 10. are a complete history of the Temple

issue Sawmill, of various an features important most it conThe newsMEXICO articles miscellaneous paperstains and Extensive archaeological tour leaving consist many of the joint ExplorerJunior program suggestions and the contributed by the members of the by train ior Mexico City in January

... is and January in Springtime groupExplorer Plan Healthman which is a

1 See the pyramids; ancient is of the Mexico face placed this on the feature year.new program A plaquepresent. cities; tight; bull Mayan a enjoy and

folslip-scraper inscribed the with and ride in a boat oi the flower gardens: lowingARROWHEAD AWARD Xcilimilco. unusual opportunity! AnCHANGES

18771886 to Temple Monument SawVery Reasonable Rate.

: called were The men C. O. Card, Arrowhead award requirements mill.HTwo Phone 3-0946 Cardon, Paul Bishop X. T. year, change each namely No. 2 Superintendent,

Batt, Smith, Foster, George Ed. Joseph refer to the 5 whichand reading course B. felled Clark, First tree by M. Lewis.

projects.and theme First Cardon. Paul board C. sawed by O. The reading course book for this Card. Erected by Cache Valley Council Farnsworth Mexico Tours

year is The Latterday Prophet by Boy Scouts of America, 7-2641. P. O. Box 1584 Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Su&iafc Odol& Tyiak. ChftoUL DeseretcelebratedSundayhis ninetysecondSchool SongbirthdayBook,

at his home in Payson, Utah.

'T'he Gustaf Adolf Male Chorus, the the singers present at the Bellingham * Swedish male chorus of Salt Lake convention enthusiastically accepted August 10, 1941

City, Utah recently returned from the invitations of the Salt Lake chorus Mrs. Mary Eleanor Watson Silver,

an extended trip to Bellingham, Washto hold the Swedish Singers'conven85, wagontrain pioneer of 1863, died ington, where a convention of the Pation in Salt Lake City during the Cenin Salt Lake City, after a life devoted cific Coast Division of the American tennial Celebration to be held in 1947. to Church work, notably the Relief SoUnion of Swedish Singers was held The next convention will be held in ciety where she had served in the Canfrom July 30th to August 3rd. Los Angeles in 1943. non Ward presidency for seventeen

The purpose of the American Union After the passing of Axel B. C. Ohlyears.

of Swedish Singers is to keep alive the son in November, 1936, the chorus was beautiful Scandinavian folk Melodies under the direction of Joseph P. August 12, 1941

and the continuation of traditional Fernelius, who was succeeded by Rider Mrs. Mary Ann Soffe Shields, 85,

Swedish male chorus singing and ac- C. Waring as director in January, 1941. well known early day nurse, and former

tivities. The American Union of Miss Beatrice Davies, accomplished matron at the state school for the blind

and deaf, died in Ogden. She was

THE GUSTAF ADOLF MALE CHORUS born at St. Joseph, Missouri, in 1856,

In front: Rider C. Waring, conductor; Beatrice Davies, accompanist. while her parents were making the pioLindgren, Nils First row, D. Rudolf left to right: A. Carlson, Knute T. Borg, Franz E. Johnson, J. Arthur neer trek to Utah..

Johnson, Swenson. Peterson, Elof L. Edwin Hansen, Hyrum W.

Back row: Michael Froisland, John J. Erickson, Edward N. Rosenberg, C. B. Olson, Olof L. Olausen, C. C.

picture: Geo. Emil Nils Anderson, Alvin Erikson, E. Sanders, the R. Not in and C. Ottesen. A. Hazelgren, August 13, 1941

Curtis Norling, Olson, Johanson, Oscar Sholund, Conrad Soder, Eric F. Sahleen, Axel Roland Carl Soderberg.

Olof Ignatius Pedersen, 76, former bishop of the Logan Sixth Ward, and prominent civic worker, was killed as he fell from a roof that he was repairing in Logan.

August 17, 1941 Bishop M. O. Ashton of the Presiding Bishopric dedicated the new Alpine

Ward Chapel and Recreation Hall, at

Alpine Arizona. Constructed of native stone and timber, the building cost

$20,000. More than five hundred persons were present at the dedicatory

services.

August 17, 1941 Mrs. Anna H. Lambson Vincent of

City, 101 Park 14, September was who

Singers organized organizationSwedish was of the accompanist Nothe feted of her family was at members by its 1892. 25, since beginning.vember in a reunion In Provo remiCanyon.

the early of 1926, notice During part officers of present The the chorus niscing she recalled that the during conthat diof given the Princewas are as follows: C. Rider Waring, Crown struction the of she Salt Lake Temple

visit Salt Adolf, rector; Gustaf accompanist; BeatriceSweden, would Davies, to used carry vegetables from her own that during City summer. president;Lake It was Borg, Rudolf T. Knute to the D. garden workmen on employed

that singers asuggested group of male Lindgren, A. Hazelmanager, George the building.

from the Swedish people organize a gren, secretary; Alvin R. Erikson, treasmale chorus to sing for the enjoyment urer; and Roland Sahleen, librarian. August 24, 1941

of the party accompanying the Swedish

Crown Prince. The late Axel B. C. Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards,

Ohlson was chosen as their director. turned the first official spade of earth in

Under his direction the organization the ground breaking ceremonies in thewas led to an outstanding position as a The Church Moves On construction of a combination Driggs chapel and Teton Stake house, Ward of the representative Swedishworthy {Continued from page 605) at Driggs, Idaho. City, Utah.people and of Salt Lake

for Prince the sang chorusThe Crown 4, 1941 August 26, 1941 August party, that ocwife andand his and on B. Morrison, to came James Death F. 72, Higginbotham, first bishop D. the personallycasion Prince Crown political settler early pioneer and 80, of and Wells Stake Wells Ward, the the chorus Adolf Gustafnamed in figure of Sevier County, Alhambra, patriarch died in Salt City. Lake himself. after Chorus, This honorMale lived California, for a he where had

has never been extended any other year. As a youth he became engaged

chorus within the United States. Formal in railroad construction work, helping L. D. S. Boys in

of theorganization group was the combuild old Atlantic and PacifiBailCalifornia Northern Campspleted the 19th of July, 1926. day the Santa wfefKJh road ( now?C

{Concluded 605) /rom page eighties. early in the affiliated Arizona northern the In 1932, chorus became

with the Pacific Coast Division of the He had been a member of the Sevier there are twentytwo regularly organAmerican Union of Swedish Singers Stake High Council and stake superinized wards and branches in this part of and attended the Singers'Convention tendent of Sunday Schools. Burial California. If you have space to print

held in San Francisco that year. The was in Richfield, Utah. the directories of these two stakes, perSalt Lake Chorus played host to the haps we may reach many boys who

Singers'Convention held in Salt Lake August 9, 1941 have no knowledge of the opportunities

City during the summer of 1934. All Joseph L. Townsend, the only living within their reach for wholesome

pianist and choral director, has been composer whose work appears in the amusement and proper contacts.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

THE CHURCH MOVES ON Oakland Stake Safford, Arizona; Craig A. Decker, Kirtland, Dance, Blackfoot, Idaho; Maude Redd,

Alameda Ward meets at Odd Fellows New Mexico; Roscoe B. Denham, Prescott Monticello, Utah.

Hall, Park and Santa Clara Sts., Alameda, Arizona; Clifford A. Aamodt, Murray, Northern States: Margaret Meeks, BickCal. Utah. nell, Utah; James A. Nuttall, Ephraim,

—WalnutBerkeley andWardVinemeetsSts.,at BerkeleyBerkeley,ChapelCaliFalls,NorthernIdaho;States:Grant B.AlbonShaw,L. Ogden,Smith, IdahoUtah; FrederickUtah, ReedK. Fechser,P. Larson,Downey,Preston,Idaho;Idaho;Beth

fornia. Donald G. Poulton, Salt Lake; James Arlo M. Nielsen, Sandy, Utah; Lilly P. Spencer,

Claremount Ward meets in hall at 2980 Nuttall, Ephraim, Utah; K. Edward LingLogan, Utah; Margaret Mackay, Murray,

Adeline St., Berkeley, California. wall, Salt Lake; William J. Kesler, Beaver Utah; Blair W. Archibald, Rexburg, Idaho;

Diamond Ward—chapel, 3618 Diamond City, Utah; Norma Jensen, Ogden, Utah; L. Wayne Redd. Blanding, Utah; FredAvenue, Oakland, California. Wilford L. Bruderer, Salt Lake; Willard erick T. Aldrich, Amity, Missouri; Melda

Elmhurst Ward—chapel, 9658 Thermal H. Bruderer, Salt Lake; Lois B. Olson, Christensen, Hinckley, Utah; Julia Smith,

Street, Oakland. Idaho Falls, Idaho. Winslow, Arizona.

Hayward Ward meets in a hall, 1070 Northwestern States: Helen E. Pyper, North Central States: Olive Parker,

B Street, Hayward, California. Salt Lake; Oliver O. Liechty, Salt Lake; Draper, Utah; Genevieve Hatton, Fillmore,

Martinez Chapel, east end of Arch Street, Harold W. Goddard, Salt Lake; Stanley Utah; William E. Read, Jr., Ogden, Utah;

Martinez, California. R. Fuller, Pine, Arizona; Earl L. Francom, Faye Brown, Monroe, Utah; Stanford F.

Maxwell Park—Hall, corner Mason and Payson, Utah. Johnson, Holden, Utah; John P. Dalby, Salt

Foothill Boulevard, Oakland, California. SpanishAmerican Mission: Helen Pierce, Lake.

Napa Branch—Chamber of Commerce Salt Lake; J. Roe Armstrong, Salt Lake; Northwestern States: Wilford R. ThornBuilding, corner Clay and Brown Sts., Dale G. King, Grace, Idaho; Rex D. Terry, ack, Ogden, Utah; Elvira H. Jensen, Aetna,

Napa,Oakland—Chapel,California. corner of Moss and St.TexasGeorge,Mission:Utah. George L. Romney, Canada;John D. ArthurButler,J. Eagar,Record, Arizona;Salt Lake HelenCity;

Webster St., Oakland. Salt Lake; Stanley B. Nance, Sandy, Utah; Bringham, Ogden, Utah; Maurine AnderPittsburg Branch Veterans'Memorial Max V. Murdock, Kyle, South Dakota; son, Tremonton, Utah; Roberta Lindsay,

Hall, 9th and East Streets, Pittsburg, CalMelvin Hurst, Blanding, Utah; Mary L. Midvale, Utah; Hermoine Tracy, Ogden,

ifornia.Richmond—Chapel, corner 28th St. and Christensen,Western States:Salt Lake.President and Mrs. Utah;SouthernCarrieStates:Samuelson,FlorenceSandy,M. Williams,Utah.

Nevin Ave., Richmond, California. William W. Seegmiller, Salt Lake; Clara Hamer, Idaho; Roba Jardine, Menan, Idaho;

Vallejo—Hall, 2010 Marin Street. Vallejo, Morrill, Tridell, Utah. Erven E. Brundage, Mesa, Arizona; David

California. Southern States: Carlos A. Yeates, L. Haymore, Douglas, Arizona; Joseph

Mrs. S. F. Patton, 1915 Rose Street, Logan, Utah; J. Lenard Warner, Salt Lake; Loertscher, Salt Lake City, Orville Webb,

Berkeley, hostess for Oakland Stake. Leon K. Stevens, Montpelier, Idaho; Mary Lordsburg, New Mexico; Lloyd F. Gunther,

Campbell, San Diego, California; Chad M. Lehi, Utah; Hazel J. Nalder, Layton, Utah.

In and around San Francisco are Bertelson, Ephraim, Utah; Carrie H. Spanish American: Elizabeth A. Mcthe following wards: Bounds, Mt. Shasta, California; Elizabeth Kenzie, Ogden, Utah; Karl G. Buckmiller,

Brinkerhoff, Glendale, Utah. Rexburg, Idaho; Herman C. Fails, Boise,

Balboa Ward, Ashton St. and Ocean Hawaiian Mission: Robert T. Johns, Idaho; Elmo Elison, Malta, Idaho.

Ave., San Francisco. Ogden, Utah; Dunford F. Greene, Salt Lake. Hawaiian: Izetta North, Salt Lake;

Burlingame Ward, Bayswater and LorRaymond H. Shaw, Logan, Utah; Robert

ton Aves. L. Worley, Baker, Oregon; Glen Walton,

Mission Ward, 1234 Valencia Street, San Missionaries Released in August, Salt Lake.

Francisco. Willis, Lake. Salt T. George Japanese: 1941 and Others not Previously

Palo Brazilian: Davis, Provo, Utah; D. James Alto Ward, 771 Addison Ave., Reported Alto.Palo City, Utah; Paul Brigham R. Merrill, EdSan Francisco Ward, 1649 Hayes Street, ward C. Beck, Spanish Fork, Utah; Mirl

San Francisco. California: Ann Lyman, Salt Lake; Blake Hymas, Ovid, Idaho; Ray H. Crane,

San Jose Ward, 34 Cleaves Ave., San Raymond G. O. Burton, Baltimore, MaryRiverton, Utah; Howard R. Taylor, Lehi,

Jose, California. land; Marjory T. Kuehner, Ontario, CanUtah; J. W. Turner, Heber City, Utah;

Sunset Ward, 22nd Ave. and Lawton ada; Mary D. L. Groves, Salt Lake; Albert John P. Rich, Salt Lake.

St., San Francisco. L. Taylor, Jr., Salt Lake; Raymond H.

Redwood City Branch, Foresters'Hall, Walton, Salt Lake; Mary Duke, Vernal,Redwood City. Utah; LaVerne Burningham, Sandy, Utah; New Equipment Added To

San Rafael Branch, 1036 "C"Street, San ORyan Gull, Brigham City, Utah; MarTabernacle and Organ

Rafael. wood W. Bawden, Salt Lake.

Mrs. Theodore Martin, 1451 37th Avenue, Canadian: LaVerna Ackroyd, Magrath, /Conference attenders this month will

San Francisco, California. Hostess for Alberta, Canada; Kirkham Vard Grabb, enjoy the Tabernacle's new venSan Francisco Stake. Lehi, Utah. tilating system which utilizes the two

States: Central Wilford K. Wegener, in wells light tenfoot-thick the large cooperation for your you Thanking Salt Lake; Utah; Arend DeBoer, Ogden, H. stagceiling exhausting of as a means Richfield,in L. Barlow, this matter Elaine Utah; Raymond I am

air. nant California. Riverside, Mack, M. yours, Sincerely

(Mrs.) S. F. Patton. East Central: John A. Gardner, Ogden, A year has been spent to complete

Utah; Paul A. Martin, Ogden, Utah; Sarah an overhauling of the Tabernacle or-

L. Howard, Woods Cross; William H. Dalegan, replacing worn parts and adding

Missionaries Released in July bout, Salt Lake; Jack A. Hartvigsen, Pocanew equipment.

( Concluded from page 605 tello,Lake; PaulIdaho;R. Merrell,GladysBrighamHenriksen,City, Utah;Salt OctoberAlso, willnew beona seventytwoTemple Squarefoot steelthis

California. Ralph Lauper, Oakland, of flag east immediately Lewisville, pole erected Gilbert R. Hunter,ville, Utah; States: EasternJ. C. Snow, Alva Utah. Ephraim, Smith. R. Carlston, St. the statuesIdaho; John of Joseph and Hyrum Bayless, George, Blanding, Adelia Utah;

Eastern States: Nolan R. Taylor, Farr Utah; Ida L. Whitaker, Salt Lake.

West, Utah; C. G. Williams, Pingree, IdaMexican: Harlem F. Johnson, Colonia Relief Society Will

ho; Milan D. Smith, Clearfield, Utah; CharPacheco, Mexico; William E. Beecraft, Plant Memorial Treesles J. Skidmore, Salt Lake; Walter G LindColonia Chuichupa; John A. Davis, Colonia

say, Stockton, California; Karl C. Klingler, Chuichupa; Ernestine Hatch, Colonia Dlans for the planting of a hardwood

Rexburg, Idaho; Edith Dunn, Logan, Utah; Juarez; Hannah V. Taylor, Colonia Dublan; tree by each ward and stake to be

City, Utah; Chatterley, L. George CedarJay B. Colonia Chuichupa. Marvin Judd, the "Relief Society Centenas known Arizona. Merrill, Thatcher,L. iVeif England: Darrington, Mary the announced have been by nial Tree"

Salt Burley, F. Sterling Larson, Ririe, Idaho; Clinton J.Larson, C. England: New Society. of Relief general Each board Idaho; Keith Smith, Salt Lake; Draper, Marjorie Utah; Eldredge, EsLake; N. John plan stake has asked to been ward and tella Kirtland, Salt Palmer, Bates, F. Mexico; Lake.Hyrum New

North Central States: Wendell R. WestLant Haymore, Douglas, Arizona; Donald impressive ceremonies as the trees are

over, Aberdeen, Idaho; Edsel M. Tenney, A. Purdy, Sparks, Nevada; Anna Letha planted on all chapel and stake house

Humbolt, Arizona; Freeman M. Stewart, Fugal, Pleasant Grove, Utah; Eldred L. grounds on or near March 17, 1942.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

THOU SHALT HAVE LONG LIFE (Concluded from page 593) would be some way of escape; that the boat upset in the surf.'Quick as

the first rendered us much assistance, the Lord would provide the means, for lightning the scene of our disaster invited us to take Brother Snow to his it was not possible that my life and flashed upon my mind. I immediately

house. There being no Saints in the mission were thus to terminate. This asked, 'Are you brethren all safe?'The

place, we gladly accepted his kind offer. reliance on the Lord banished fear, emotion that was awakened in my bosEvery possible attention was given for and inspired me up to the last moment om by the answer of Elder Cluff, will

Brother Snow's comfort."of consciousness. In such extreme remain with me as long as life conall safe.'are: 'Brother Snow, we

soon recovered, very was and I will now give my father's own hourscases ofin excitement,a minute, andwe aseemvolumeto liveof tinuesI rapidly account of the upsetting of the boat thoughts crowd themselves into one able to walk and accompany the brethand of his sensations in being single moment. It was so with me in ren to our lodgings."

drowned and then coming to life that perilous scene.

Brother Cluff resumes the naragain. subject to "Having been somewhat

: rative that I think after a few moments "As we were moving along, probfaint,

ably more than a quarter of a mile from in the water I must have fainted, as I "As soon as Brother Snow was out where we expected to land, my attendid not suffer that pain common in the of danger, it occurred to me that I had tion was suddenly arrested by Captain experience of drowning persons. I better return to the vessel. As I reached

Fisher calling to the oarsmen in a voice had been in the water only a few mothe deck by the rope ladder over its which denoted some alarm, 'Hurry up, ments, until I lost consciousness. The side, I saw at a glance that Brother

hurry up!'I immediately discovered first I knew afterwards, I was on shore, Smith was under great anxiety of mind.

the cause of the alarm. A short disreceiving the kind and tender attenWe both were under an intensity of

tance behind us, I saw an immense tions of my brethren. feeling which men usually experience

surf, thirty or forty feet high, rushing "The first recollection I had of reonly a few times in their lives. Brother

towards us swifter than a race horse. turning consciousness, was that of a Smith had been informed by a native

We had scarcely a moment for reflecvery small light—the smallest imthat the captain and an elderly white

tion before the huge mass was upon us. aginable. This soon disappeared, and man were drowned. The latter he supIn an instant our boat, with its contents, I was again in total darkness. Again posed to be Brother Benson, hence his

as though it were a feather, was hurled it appeared much larger than before, great anxiety. My own nervous sysinto a gulf of briny waters, and all was then sank away and left me, as before, tem was strung up to an extreme tension

under this rolling, seething mountain in forgetfulness. Thus it continued to by the events of the past two hours.

wave. It took me by surprise. I think, come and go, until, finally, I recognized, When I told Brother Smith that all were

ation—inhowever, thethatmidstI comprehendedof turbulent wavesthe situsoonas I thought,after, I askedpersonsin awhispering,feeble whisper,and almostsafe, theovercamesudden him.revulsionWe rejoicedof feelingto-

a quarter of a mile from the shore, with- 'What is the matter?'I immediately gether that through a merciful Proviout much probability of human aid. recognized the voice of Elder Cluff as dence, and the faith that had been be-

"I felt confident, however, there he replied, 'You have been drowned; stowed upon us, we were all alive."

THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS {Continued from page 587) were included in all editions of the The verse numbers were also have a complete volume made up Doctrine and Covenants from 1835 changed when the 1876 edition came entirely of latterday revelations to 1921. They were omitted in the off the press; for example, using the

and beliefs, which would supplement 1921 edition, and do not appear in same section 89 we find that before and complement the other two volany later edition. 1876, it contained only an introducumes of scripture. It might have The book of Doctrine and Covetion and three verses. No words,

been concluded that to take a verse, nants from 1835 to 1921 was printed sentences, or thoughts have been chapter, or chapters from the Bible in single column. Since 1921 all edialtered in the contents since then,

or the Book of Mormon, away from tions have been in double column. but the existing verses were broken

the setting in which it is placed up, and they, together with the inwould, in a measure, result in conChanges in Section troduction, now make twentyone fusion. Arrangements verses. This was probably done to

The 1835 edition of the Doctrine make the revelation more easily read and Covenants was the last one to HPhe arrangement of sections durand easier to understand.

be printed in the lifetime of the ing the history of the book has That part which now constitutes

Prophet. (If there are others the also undergone change. For exthe first three verses of section 89

present writer has not been able to ample, Section 89 containing the was incorporated into the revelation locate them.) revelation known as the Word of itself beginning with the 1876 ediWisdom was not printed in A Book tion of the Doctrine and Covenants.

The 1844, 1876, and 1921 Editions of Commandments, although it was Before 1876 these three verses apreceived in February of the same peared only as an introductory

Tn 1844, an enlarged volume of one year, 1 833, in July of which year A paragraph preceding the revelation hundred eleven sections, printed Book of Commandments was on the Word of Wisdom.

after the death of the Prophet, was printed. This same revelation was

issued. This volume remained the listed as Section 80 in the 1 835 ediIntroductions

same except for dates, place of pubtion and as Section 81 in all subselication, and persons publishing it, quent editions to 1876, when it beHThe changes that have taken place until 1 876, when the number of seccame Section 89. In fact, all the in the introductions to the sections was increased to 136. One sections were renumbered and retions during the development of the

article or section, the one labeled arranged when the 1876 edition of Doctrine and Covenants are very "Marriage,"was omitted in 1876. the Doctrine and Covenants was noticeable; for example, Section 100

The seven "Lectures on Faith"printed. in the 1835 edition, which becomes

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS Section 108 in all editions from 1844 members of the Church as a whole when the Government of the United to 1876, has only one word which before 1876. States declared Mormon plural marintroduces the section, the word ( 1 ) Section 2 is a record of the riage illegal. It instructs all mem-

"Appendix."Angel Moroni's visit to Joseph Smith bers of the Church to abide by the

In the 1876 edition there appears and the quotation of the Prophet law of the land in the matter of marin the corresponding Section 133, Malachi's words when he ( Moroni riage.

the following: appeared to the young Joseph The omission of the seven "LecSmith on the evening of September tures on Faith"has been briefly mencalled the Appendix, Revelation, given 21, 1823. tioned. These were not received

at the Seer, Hiram, Portage Joseph,through

Co., Ohio. (2) Section 13 records the apby revelation. The same might be

pearance of John the Baptist. It said of the article on "Marriage."

The introduction to the same secalso records the words used by him It was not received by revelation but tion, 133, in the 1921 and all subwhen he conferred the Aaronic was an "article"which was voted sequent editions appears as follows: Priesthood upon Joseph Smith and upon to be placed in the 1835 ediOliver Cowdery on the 1 5th of May, tion of the Doctrine and Covenants.

REVELATION given through Joseph 1829. When the revelation, Section 132,

Prophet,Smith the at Hiram, Ohio, No- (3) Section 110 records the viswas incorporated in the book, which this revelation Prefacing 3, 1831.vember

the Prophet wrote: At this time there were ions in the Kirtland Temple, April 3, was the will of the Lord on the submany things which the Elders desired to 1836, when the Lord Jesus Christ, ject of marriage, the section or arknow, relative to preaching the Gospel to Moses, Elias, and Elijah appeared ticle on the same subject was

inhabitantsthe earth, of the concerning and to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowomitted.

the in gathering; to order and walk by the dery. It is well to state here that not all high,true instructed light, and from be on

on the 3rd of November, 1831, I inquired (4) Section 130 records among the sections in the Doctrine and of the Lord and received the following imother things a prophecy on the Covenants of today are revelations revelation,portant since which has been in states are such. lofty that as which the they However, Civil War, war

to of theadded Doctrine book and Covebegin would Carolina, are thought in South not in disagreement and and called thenants procand Appendix.—A arise would probably sections the with of are over the slave which any to carriedlamation the Elders the to be by

peoples of the world—Zion and Jerusalem question. That section also conlisted as revelations. Section 121,both to be established—The voice of the tains information that the Father that great masterpiece on the rights

to issueLord from each of these centers and Son are personages of flesh and of the Priesthood, is one not listed to TribesThe Lost be remembered by the

Lord and to be brought forth from the bone while the Holy Ghost is a as a revelation. But in the writer's

north countries—These to receive their personage of spirit. opinion it was received by the spiritblessings at the hand of Ephraim—Graves (5) Section 131 records the inof revelation, and is in fact a reveof the Saints at the to be opened coming formation that there are three lation though not designated as such. theof of those doom Lord—The who or reject heavens in the degrees celestialthe Lord's message.

glory and that in order to attain to Textual Changes

Similar changes have occurred in the highest one, a person must enter all the introductions, the greatest into the new and everlasting coveHThe changes so far mentioned are, change being made in 1921. These nant of marriage. This section also for the most part, mechanical.

changes, in the writer's opinion, have has in it the statement: "It is imNo alterations of words in the revebeen highly desirable. One has possible for a man to be saved in lations themselves, from one edition

only to compare them to see that ignorance."to another, have been shown. Let

they have resulted in a clearer under- ( 6 ) Section 1 32 contains the reveus now consider this matter of texstanding of the place, purpose, and lation on the eternity of the martual changes in the development of contents of each one of the revelariage covenant and the doctrine of the book of Doctrine and Covenants.

tions. plurality of wives. In verse 4, Chapter II, in A Book

(7) Section 136 contains the of Commandments, printed in 1833,

Sections Added in 1876 "Word and the Will of the Lord"we read:

to Brigham Young, and it deals... therefore repent of that which thou

TThe addition of sections has almainly with the organization of the hast done and he will only cause thee to be ready been mentioned. There Camp of Israel in the Journey westafflicted for a season and thou art still

were twentysix sections added to ward to the Rocky Mountains. It work:chosen. and.. wilt again be called to the

the Doctrine and Covenants in the also contains the information that year 1876: 2, 13, 77, 85, 87, 108, 109, it was needful for the Prophet to In the corresponding section and

110, 111, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, seal his testimony with his blood. verse in the 1835 edition of the Doc118, 120, 121, 122, 123, 125, 126, 129, Another addition to the Doctrine trine and Covenants, we read:

130, 131, 132, and 136. All of these and Covenants was the inclusion of...; therefore repent of that which

sections were received by the the "Official Declaration"or what thou hast done which is contrary to the

Prophet except Section 136, which is commonly known as the "Manicommandments which I gave you and thou was received by Brigham Young. festo."This item was first bound art still chosen and art again called to the

Synopses of the contents of some in the same volume with the other work;

revelations in of the follow 1908. and form above sections to According in Chapter VI of Com- A Book invitation to to the reader readan Elder John A. of the Widtsoe follows: as reads mandments

these and other sections that have Council of the Twelve, the teaching been added. Points on the doctrines included in the "Manifesto"was 1. And the Lord said unto me, John my

of the Church are found in some of received by revelation."It was given beloved,Lord givewhatunto medesirestpowerthou?that IandmayI bringsaid,

the sections, abovelisted which said unto the Lord thee.—And

to not easily available were the ber.John1940.A.p. Widtsoe,673. The Improvement Bra. Novemsouls unto {Concluded on page 632)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS ( Concluded from page 63 1 In Section 102, verse 10 (1835 resulted in a better understanding me, Verily, verily I say unto thee, because edition), a phrase reads: of the revelations themselves. Of

till this, I desirest thou shalt tarry thou these course there not helps were and withdraw. from their fellowglory: come in my to revelations the given were when ship."

this for the cause, said Lord unto 2. And the Smith. Prophet Joseph Peter:—If what is thatI willto thee?that forhe hetarrydesiresttill I ofcome,me The same phrase in the corresThe added sections are a distinct

that he might bring souls unto me: but thou ponding section, 134, in verse 10, in advantage. Added light on Church

desirest that thou might speedily come unto the 1921 edition, reads: doctrine is made available to the

me in my kingdom: I say unto thee, Peter, people of the Church and the world.

this desire, was a good but my beloved has "... and withdraw from them their felthey the not placed in were Why undertaken a greater work. lowship."of Doctrine book beCovenants and

1 fore ( explained can 876 be by 1 ) in section corresponding the The illusare a but examples few These facilities fact in the that printing the edition 1835 of the Doctrine and trating of the changes type between all limited, edithat very west were Covenants, issued the direcunder the the containing various volumes tions the of Doctrine Covenants and tion of the Prophet, reads: or usually revelations, grammatical, printed to from 1846 1876 were 16

corrections of printing errors. printed in England and that the same 1. And the Lord said unto me: John,

my beloved, what desirest thou? For if stereotyped plates were used. Only

you shall ask what you will, it shall be Summary the date of printing and address was

I granted unto said you. unto him: And that during the time with changed

Lord, give unto death, over me power of the perof the change that HHhe writer's conclusions regarding added name live souls thee. brings and unto I may And

the Lord said unto me: Verily, verily I say the differences or changes that son authorizing the new edition.

unto thee, because thou desirest this thou have occurred in the Doctrine and These changes are unimportant so shalt tarry until I come in my glory, and Covenants during its history are as far as the book itself is concerned.

shalt prophesy before nations, kindreds, follows: (2) Another reason: probably tongues and people.

2. And for this cause the Lord said unto The mechanical differences, such the Church as a whole was not prePeter: If I will that he tarry till I come, as versification, double column pages, pared to receive the added revelawhat is that to thee? For he desired of me longer and more complete introductions until they were included in the

that bring might he souls unto me, but is Doctrine There and Covenants. thou tions, placed footnotes are all and desirest that thou mightest speedily come strong point the life here. During help the reader there to have a and I unto kingdom. thee, me say unto in my

the of only Prophet Smith Joseph Peter, this desire, a was but begood my the a of such changes record complete 16For more certain loved revelations desired has selected that were he might more, do is Master's referred to the writer's unpublished readeror a greater yet work than among what men is "as for It of library in proper Young the Brigham were pubThesis. deemed

he has before done. underhas Yea, he University, Provo, Utah. lication."We naturally draw the I taken greater a work: therefore will make

him as flaming fire and a ministering angel; conclusion that God may reveal

he shall minister for those who shall t>e heirs truths to His prophets which the of salvation who dwell on the earth. And I world could not receive at the time.

will thee to for minister make him and diligence by obedience and for DESERT GRACES Later, thy brother I James; three will and unto you the people them. would receivegive the this power this and of keys ministry until I come. By Gertrude Perry Stanton Concerning the differences in

that taken place durhave that wording for virtues shall we search revelation This is designated SecWhere ing the history the of Doctrine and abide—tion 7, in the 1876 and all subsequent it is clear Covenants, that no change of luxury of wealth, and pride, In haunts

editions. It contains the same wordOr in the simple homes of humbler clay? has been made in wording that has

ing as the 1835 edition, but the numIf I could show you what I saw today altered or changed a fundamental old, stripped, unpainted, tiny cabin,ber of verses has been increased to A to hold doctrine. it could be wondered made One howeight.

table, stove, chair or two; bed, a and The changes that occurred beThe

tree grateful towering a threw Differences shadow of the in cerNo wording verses chapters tween and Book in A plain; the dusty forsaken and Upontain revelations received the by of corresthe and Commandments side, scant sagebrush, dwarfed and On oneProphet altered Smith Joseph and in sections the ponding verses and dry;

by others and accepted by the The other, plowed ground white with alkali, 1835 edition of the Doctrine and

Church after his death are also inNo trace of pasture or of growing grain. Covenants were doubtless made by

bent years with and woman, man Ateresting, as the following shows: of toil; the himself Prophet Smith Joseph

line, flapping a had a washing She on In Section 4 in edition the 1835 to correct errors by the made ( 1 ) design, slowly of crude a cave dug He we find in verse 12 a phrase that Merely a hollow in the crumbling soil; printers, (2) to give added light to

reads as follows Not one thing there of beauty or of grace revelations that were not complete out place! That from a barren makes a home first printed. when

I verily, three: one? Not Nay, you show "... are not baptized by water in my writer's study during a year The Faith, that ditch in a dust; yet as dry was..."name.

Hope, in a square of slender saplings thrust and a half of the growth and develIn earth, a buildingspot be; to around of the Doctrine opment Coveand Section corresponding 84, The there love there must be was love; in And leaves to nants convinced him morethe edition, in 1921 hold the verse 74

phrase reads: A pair together while they had grown old, than ever as to its divine authenFor nothing else would have strength to ticity. He stands convinced of

suffice the fact that and is Joseph Smith was labor, penury, and are not baptized in water in Through and sacrifice; concerntestimony Prophet whosemy name. abideth So still Love, these a Faith, Hope,

three ing the Father and the Son we may

Another example follows: The graces desert homes have shown to me. believe and know to be true.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

Justice?

(Concluded from page 589)

counts with Windy. I'll bet she

killed him."

"I'll bet it was old Davvy,"another replied. "He had a right to

be the one to end Windy more than anyone else."

"Think he did it, Port?"said another.

"Ask him. Here he comes down

the road."The gloves were delivered, paid for, and the Indian, still carrying his bow and arrows, in search of a rabbit for supper, was well on his way to camp before anyone spoke.

Some days later Port showed up at the main office of the Overland

Stage in Salt Lake. Those men plied

him with questions from every side.They demanded action. When a LOOK AROUND

man was killed they wanted to know who did it, the reason, and why he, You'll see "Caterpillar"machinery doing she, to jusor been brought had not tice. the national defense everywhere throughout he arrest demanded Some

different ideas, otherswoman; had the nation, and particularly in this territory.

others just for Port waitedand still to tell what he knew. Finally he And you'll also see "Caterpillars"constructsaid, "Windy came to his death by

a lightning stroke."ing roads, on farms, at mines and smelters

this caused. commotion What a InLightning a clear, starlit night and other industrial uses—everywhere. on

without a cloud in sight? One dedeed, "Caterpillar"is the popular choice

manded the body of the dead man.

Where was it? whenever power or earth moving machin-

"Thought something like this might happen, so I knew the only ery is needed.

place I could keep Windy was down the dry well at Dugway. We, just me

there out could goand you, and I TRACTOR and a rope.could on Might let you downnot be able to pull you back up, but EQUIPMENT CO.

when you had finished investigating SALT LAKE CITYyou might climb back up that rope. LAMDES

When will we be a leaving?"Distributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery

No one wanted to go, so Port took a piece of paper and wrote, "Windy came to his death by a lightning stroke. Port Rockwell, Investigator."

call "Why not it a 'Streak of KRESS PARADE one. Lightning?"asked

"Either way suits me,"replied or leaving. Port,

walked down the street he ZodkJL! Hik, cl SUIT YEAR As he

wondered how long Davvy had These suitsSeearrivedthemiromwhiletheinstylefor Conference.centers of Hollywood

to pull the practiced exact know to 100% VIRGIN WOOL Monotone Wool just shot arrow, put on his so an bow side, $| J95 right the the short ribs, onunder SUITS Flannels. contraststyle Suede FinCostumeSUITS

i heart, Skirt. the through would s h, Herringbone,and passing Jacket and ing

stop with just the tip pricking the New colors Trim Tailored Lines skin under the left arm pit, leaving T over one not jr3l inch of the feathered SALT36 SOUTHLAKEMAIN—36KNITTINGPAY OUR NEW STORESTOREA VISIT out. sticking end

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

THE STORY OF THE TELESCOPE TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE SALT LAKE'S 1481OUTSTANDINGSOUTH STATEMOTOR COURT (Continued from page 594) torture, but we know that he never the truth gave up he which New and the first telescope or really was more At inAir Conditioned Automatically StrictlySummer Modern—believed discovered, he had and inHeated Furnished With first less a plaything. The man FloorsWinter—Beautifully TileCarpeted Colored Showers, and since which has been proved. the glimpse to possibilwonderful Radios Free

BETTER THAN THE BEST HOTELS—FOR LESS ities that lay in this instrument was The next great astronomer was

the great Italian Galileo, who all his John Kepler, whose three great laws

DELICIDUS lifePsalmistregardedDavid,the heavenswith reverenceeven as andthe othergoverningheavenlythe knownmattersplanetsstill standand

TlatwiaL Qh&sidJL awe, rejoicing in the glory of God's undisputed. After Kepler there

work. seems to have been a lull in things

PIMENTO Galileo was away from his native telescopic and then another enterCHEDDAR AGED the Dutchman comes on city in the of Venice Padua when he prising DUTCH scene. This was Christian HuyLUNCH first this heard invention strange of

for "viewing afar"(the name "telegens, to whom the telescope was scope,"taken from two Greek words, "the noblest thing that ever came means just that). He rushed back out of Holland."He realized that

to Padua and visited every optical about the most important part of the store to find the very best lenses. telescope was the lens, so he and his

But none of them proved satisfactory, good brother set to work and managed to produce finer ones than had and so he ground his own—which

was anything but a simple process ever been made before.

in those days when there were no On March 5, 1655, Christian tools such as we have now. Huygens, looking through one of

their saw, far as so own telescopes Galileo experiments After many is hisin recorded for the first time the world's finest telescope| produced TAYLOR | and presented it to the Doge and tory, the rings which surround the other high officials of Venice, a very planet Saturn, nine hundred million dismiles the from away in republic days. great those These earth—a is This n to the time of think

p tance the can which mind human lookwere gentlemen when, amazed Pins.U School Rings and \ We grasp. first tube, scarcely ing simple that throughn furnish these can with you

U articles. Refinement of de- 5 they saw, as if close by, the wonThis new celestial discovery swept

fl sign and quality makes us derful bell tower of the great Cathethrough the world like wildfire and o an outstanding Manufac- 9. dral of Saint Mark. everybody wanted a telescope. For

first real telescope the This reason idea that got people seems some{] hirer. [)

great instruthe beside tube, the the longer better very crude the the

St., 162 So. 4-8554 Main Phone of today, view, it Galibut the through instruments so ments and grew City, Salt Lake Utah oo leo able to of longer. see longer more and much was HeveJohannes

<io his this feet generation the heavens than 150 one lius made long and thought possible. He glimpsed the so excited the scientists of Britain

IN LOS ANGELES wonder of a lunar sunset, craters on that one of them produced a giant the moon, the bright satellites of 600 feet in length. These "bean

IfXANDM Horn. words:Jupiter, and"Thesetnumberdown theseof smallstrikingstars poles"and pulleyhad toandbe operatedHevelius withwistfullyrope

5th at Spring is quite beyond determination."It dreamed of some wealthy nobleman

Tariff from $2.50 is a wise man who will acknowledge who would build a permanent home

his own limitations, and the true stufor these unwieldy instruments so

Recognized Utah Headquarters in dent of the stars, the honest astronthat they would not have to be taken

Los Angeles omer, has always been humble in down and put up. His dream was

V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON Director spite of great achievements. He to come true some hundreds of years of Salt Formerly Lake City

has also been endowed with an imhence in the shape of marvelous labmense patience and persistence. oratories built to house such instruGalileo, like many other great ments as Christian and his brother

men, was ahead of his time and inhad never dreamed of.

curred the wrath of certain important 'Tp to this time there had been BOOKSSOLD - TRADED people who were convinced that our BOUGHT the center uniof all God's in earth was PRICES HIGHEST for books CASH the telescope, of kind only one oi lots 1,000. Particularly 1 or verse. before years hundred One lenses, in libraries. refractor private ested with convex two MormoninterHistorical items. Western and the invention of the telescope, a wise and concave. With these there was Let us locate the help you books you

of want. Poland, Copernicus, had man and new blur put always an annoying and color

in stock all kinds 20,000......old orbookswill forth the theory that our humbler It for order the object you. viewed. fringe around

in Drop and browse or write. Refearth was but a small part of the was an Englishman, John Hadley, erences gladly furnished.

starry world and by no means the who found a way to improve on the

WILSON'S center. bean pole and to get rid of the colored BOOK EXCHANGE 113 E. 2nd South St. In those days one had to agree fringe. He also invented the modSalt Lake Cit\ with the important people or go to ern sextant which took the place of

jail, or perhaps even lose one's life. the astrolabe and other ancient

Galileo suffered imprisonment and mariner's guides.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

When Hadley presented his neat ments of them must be—or as close

sixfoot portable refractor telescope to it as is humanly possible.

to the Royal Society of England, By 1775, William Herschel had delighted. Hadleythey completed were John a sevenfoot reflector Complete like our a man, and, modestwas own telescope better than anything yet

good and equally brilliant and helpinvented, but he was still not satisful Benjamin Franklin, he refused to fied, and kept right on. His reward

take out any patent for any of his was an instrument of forty feetinventions but was content to share through which he discovered the dSanhin9 the fruits of his labor with all men. planet Uranus.

Another famous Englishman, Sir Next came an Irishman, John ParIsaac Newton, famous for his obsons, later Lord Rosse, who in 1 828 servations of the law of gravity, speproduced a fiftyeight-foot telescope The general forward movecialized in the new reflector type of which brought the moon closer to ment in business finds this telescope. He borrowed the idea men's eyes than ever before. One strong, conservative bank

from a canny Scotsman and did of the most remarkable things about cooperating with its clients much to make the reflector or mirror this achievement is the fact that Lord in every possible way. Our

telescope popular. Rosse trained his own mechanics service includes CommerWe find next an eminent German and engineers, using his own farmcial and Savings Accounts,

coming into the story. This was hands, who went to work for him Trust Department—acting

William Herschel, who started out with a will and proved just as intellias Administrator, Executor, as a musician and very fine organist, gent as he expected them to be. Guardian and Trustee,

but wanted a larger field. He arIt is now soon expected that the Abstract Department and

rived in England during the year Big Eye with its two hundredinch Safety Deposit Boxes.

1757 and found himself something mirror will be completed on Mount of a social success, the talk of the Palomar in Southern California, fashionable town of Bath, and rewith funds provided for this purpose inthirteen as a very andgarded handsome years ago. great teleThe & SAVINGS

itself, scopeteresting man. young the world's T largest, U CO. TRUST /Til71 1 is ITU sister in Catherine a mounted William had the dome the and drive Street 235 South Main and ambitions also control found had andwho mechanisms are being Federal Reserve System Member to her useample completed them room when installed. and Deposit Federal Member

good brother suddenly gave up his The work of figuring the 200inch Insurance Corporation career as a fashionable musician and mirror has continued for about five turned all his attention to the teleyears at the optical shop on the Caliscope. Like Huygens and his good fornia Institute of Technology cambrother, Herschel and his devoted, pus. During this process more than

intelligent sister Catherine worked four tons of glass have been removed day and night. William's specialty by grinding. All the world is waitwas the grinding of mirrors, and he ing to see the wonders which this Nobody Can

often worked all twentyfour hours Titan Eye will reveal.

while his sister brought him food. Yet while we give credit to the Stop LOSS—

He experimented with the mirror scientists of today who have made type, or reflector telescope, which the big eye possible and given us an requires an almost superhuman acopportunity to see further into the Everybody Can curacy. His equally famous and glory of God's heavens, let us rehandsome son John set down in his member those who went before. It Avoid It Through

notes: "The total thickness to be was they, brave and patient, painsabraded from the edge of a spherical taking and persistent, filled with revINSURANCE

speculum... is only 1/21333 of erent wonder at the handiwork of

an inch."Just as the laws which God, who wrote the first fascinating,

govern the heavens are accurate to allimportant pages of the story of the nth degree, so man's measurethe telescope. When you come

here f o r insurance MORMONISM AND AN IDEAL SOCIETY withyou getattentive,it, coupledexperienced service. This

(Continued from page 588) not indulge in the cocktails or cigis an agency of the children, exalts the human personarettes was noted by the then SecreUtah Home Fire Inality, and in all and through all, protary of State, Knox. The next day surance Co.

motes individual growth through Secretary Knox found occasion to countless opportunities and marmention the matter to Preston D.

It institutions. is, in fact, thevelous close Richards, and at the of the UTAH HOME FIRE building forLord's said, restored plan a conversation reyou "When

better world. turn to your home in Utah I want INSURANCE CO.

Pres. of carry this years you to ago message to your A number J. Grant & Co. Clark, people; Preston Jr.Reuben D.J. young and tell them that Heber for me,

Agents General ifRichards live attorneys they will but were government the of Word

Salt Utah Lake City,in will banquet they Washington, in a D. C. At a Wisdom, generafew

one evening, the fact that they did (Conctuded on page 636)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941 &*M,t MORMONISM AND AN IDEAL SOCIETY (Concluded from page 635) is beginning to recognize the divine attributes of this great work. It is

tions, become the greatest people, very well, indeed, to hear and be mentally and physically, that the thrilled by the news that Mormonism

StapKist world has ever known."is being lauded by great men in high

Here was a man of high station, places of the earth; but we must not

a keen student of human affairs, allow ourselves to be lulled by these making the striking observation that things into a complacent, selfsatis- Tuna Mormonism has within it a philosfied sense of false security. We

THE TOP GRADE PACKED 2 WAYS: ophy of such power and concern for have done well in the past, but we

FANCY SOLID PACK or READY GRATED the betterment of the individual that are now on the threshold of a newIN STARKIST'S MODERN SUNLIT PLANT—if lived—will produce a race of era, a new age, indeed a new civsuper men and women. ilization. Ours is the responsibility

THE ADVERTISERS Indeed, according to Brigham of helping make that civilization a and Where You Will Find Young, the day is not far distant more ideal society through the Lord's when the Church of Jesus Christ of divine plan of building sturdier,

Their Messages Latterday Saints will produce the nobler men and women. Ours is the

Alexandria Hotel 634 most renowned educators, musicians, "opportunity of demonstrating the 627 Alward, Ben 623 and dramatists, the most astute strength of the Gospel of Jesus Beesley Music Company

Beneficial Life Insurance Co statesmen and capable leaders of Christ. Ours is the challenge:

forth, Back Cover the that age. shine is our thy "Arise That and we destiny—if

637 Bertillion, Lee light for the a standard the revealed be naobey of God. word may

Bluhill -634 Cheese 611 It is well to know that the world tions."Borden's Evaporated Milk

Brigham Young University 582 Continental Oil Co 579 Daynes Music Co. -614, 623 Deseret Book Co. 607 CYCLE

Deseret News Press 638 (Concluded from page 590) Church. Missionary work to bring..627 Farnsworth

Glade Candy Co....580 tially, the greatest relief program these things before the eyes of the

Brothers 623 Glen Music Co Globe Co 610, Grain & Milling 614 ever started. world.The Pioneers had a job to do, and

Physically: Hall's 614 Canker Remedy The "Word that did well the of they it so world of McDonald, House The experience has which 611 Wisdom,"is marvels, admires, today amazed Station KSL Radio will physical leaders shown make this at it. well, did Inside but They work Back Cover

L. D. S. Business College 637 for us. they gave us an even harder job to

Co.. 633 Tractor Landes 6 Equipment Spiritually: is The general Church to do. This our responsibility:

Strauss Levi 581 including the Priesthood. traditions The carry and ideals of on the 612 plan Mountain Fuel Supply Co

Mountain States Implement Co...581 moral training in the home and the the Pioneers.

National Cash Register Co 636 Par Soap 611 Purity Biscuit Co 577 Quish School of Beauty Culture..615 613 SAGA OF THE HANDCART PIONEERS Rancho Soups

Baking Royal 610 Co page (Continued from 595) Torleif Soviren Knaphus was

Stores, Inc.- Safeway

in the little 14, 1881, December Inside an impressiveness the smaller born which Front Cover

Salt Lake Knitting Store 633 statue can only suggest. Old World town of Vats, Stavanger,

Standard Brands of California....614 Norway. As a fiveyear-old, he

Standard Oil of California 639 Torleif Knaphus is a "man's man"carved birds and heads in wood.

StarKist 636 Tuna of His robust an artist. physique, of age, ten years at about When, Sugar House Lumber & Hardware complexion, clear eyes, ruddy his boyishly with experimented and he. Company 637

Taylor Jewelry Company 634 vigorous good health are attributed first painting work in the typical

Traveler's Motor Lodge 634 to a sturdy physical inheritance and Norwegian home of his parents in

Pacific Stages Union 577 his to of the observance of laws little district the in western Norway Engraving Utah 637 Company health; to his of outenjoyment his fjords, father, the himself near Fire Utah Insurance 635 Home Co sports, in door the buoyant ( a swim in art Oil interested decoration, encourUtah 583 & Refining Co

Utah Poultry Prod. Coop. Assoc...615 Great Salt Lake is one of his favorite aged the boy with instruction in

Savings Utah Trust Bank Co.....635 & recreations); to long summer and designing. decorative

Cleaner Household Vano 580 hikes the through nearby canyons at fourteen, the still with Then Chemical Wasatch 582 Co for searches and hills, he where unart desire Torleif uppermost, Wheeler, young Reynolds, Stauffer....582 6

Wilson's Book Exchange 634 usual scenes for his paintings. was apprenticed, through the agency

Or Knaphus'early life was ofratinghis father,establishment.with a paintAnd andat sixteendeco- i crowded with adventure, for, the youthful decorator branched WELCOM true to the tradition of his Viking out for himself in this field.

ConferenceVisitors ancestors, he sailed before the mast It was natural enough that at some THE NATIONAL CASH<$—REGISTER CO. as a sailor. He has studied in the period of his young, adventurous

J. L. Purvis, Sales Agent art institutes of Paris and New York years this active son of Norse par132-134 E. 2nd South and has made extensive voyages and entage should heed the urge to "go

City, Salt Lake Utah trips in connection with his work. down to the sea in ships,"for the

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

surge of the sea has ever been strong in Scandinavian blood. So, it is not

Invest Insurprising that we find him serving Smi% * PMkct you/I HOME as a sailor, in which exciting though hazardous occupation he worked on Better Living..

the ships of Norwegian merchantlines for about two years. Modernize

His sailing ventures were given WITH up, however, because of the wishes Weyerhauser Premium CeShingles. dar desired his mother,of who

S. Insulation. U. Rockwool

return, Torleif hisreturn home. Quality Paint. him to as si] Acme On

4-Square Lumber. #*0 again turned his talents to decorative Plywood. Douglas Fir

art, finishing his apprenticeship, with Curtis Kitchens.

Silentite Windows. the intention of later becoming an Curtis Period Doorways, Enjoy your home more by periodically Closets. and Chinaartist.

it to keep improvement some in planning labor interval and another There was Modernize—including

materials actively results Torleif avoid the costlywhich upto-date for M>*J.OUCJC Cf| was young and mont as little as

engaged in athletics, competing faof neglect. Dollars invested now in Your 4-Square Lumber Dealer h.

at district athletes withvorably modernization can be made to pay in variheld trackmeetsmany of the ous parts of western Norway; a double dividends in increased value andfavorite event was the spearthrow. livability. Call us today... informaSup- House Lumber

But these interludes seem to have tion and estimates are free of cost and '& Hardware Co.

been only the demands of a healthy obligation. 117* E. 21 SO. DIAL 6*601

young body to throw off excess energy. The art impulse was ever

there in his mind and fingers, too strong to be denied, awaiting only time to reassert itself.

It was on the very night of a banHERE'S PRACTICAL PROOF that quet tendered some hundred athletes (tat Stavanger, Norway, among whom L. D. S. TRAinmG PAYS"that art Torleif Knaphus, wonwas

out over athletics in young Torleif 's Miss Verda Ipson, who came to us from Panguitch, mind. And at that time he anUtah, expresses her opinion about the school:

nounced his intention of devoting "The L. D. S. Business College cannot be surhimself henceforth to the art work passed for spiritual guidance, technical training,

fellowship. and has helped The training good me a abanhewhich had temporarily

great deal at the Capiwork with my stenographic Suiting the action todoned. the tol."

word, he sailed that same night for

Oslo. Literally, Torleif Knaphus Miss Marie Western, rewas thus embarked upon his career cently of Deseret, Utah, en-

2, 1941. rolled here January his that placed careerof has art—a later reSeven she months rightful in theirnumerous works posiceived a permanent

niches contemporary among is she Here what art VERDAPanguitchIPSON tion.

pieces. says:

"Without the excellent training I received at the

S. L. D. College, Business Oslo, through the recommendaAt

fill the position that nowI wouldbringshaveme security,been unablesattions a Professor of Dietrich of toisfaction, happiness."and

that city, Torleif received a permit to paint and copy the old masters in Multiply these examples by hundreds every year the National Gallery of Oslo. It and you will understand why L. D. S. is the choice

of of high an increasing number that there the famous met hewas school and college MARIE WESTERN territory. of the Intermountain graduates Deseret Backer Harriet the of Harriet Backer

Art School, who invited Torleif to become her student at the school, PLAN TO BEGIN YOUR BUSINESS CAREER NOW1 instruction. personal her under L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE these with two years of Along

study at the Harriet Backer School, Salt Lake City, Utah the young Mr. Knaphus also received an invitation to study with

Lars Utne, professor and sculptor at the King's Art School in Oslo.

... proTorleif tutelage, this Under OrfER WE STEER A COMPLETE RARE DECORATION in the HORNS rapidly, working gressed

six Sale, foot For spread, over and SERVICE ENGRAVING talhis suit to Office, Fine mounted, decoration or seemed which HomePolished medium to Portraits Missionary Largest the From opportunity, Rare nowcattle Texas Longhornfor Catalogues to decided ents well. had now He Bertillion, extinct, Photo. Mineola, Free Lee Attention Orders Prompt Mail Given

devote his art entirely to becoming Texas.

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH.a sculptor, planning to spend several 113 Utah Salt Lake City, Regent St.

(Concluded on page 639) Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—The Apostles at Pentacost

SOLUTION OF SEPTEMBER PUZZLE "But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judcea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto 2: 14.

M A you, and hearken to my words."—Acts H w E

I* T A R R R PI "R Jl. --. H T

y & W L22 V E A M -R 2"5 B R N?s "R N T > >& 8* K N A A 'M T T M T H w

ACROSS

2 "... when the day of Pentecost 30 "they... all with one accord in

was fully come"one place"India 33 British with... other words did 4 "and

or thrust 35 he testify"

... things"feast to tke of a 37 of Norway 8 Capital

."shall his steps of none feet your6f OW through with a..."39 10 "And

hath been.. miracle notable a of the... gospelwith theof 40 preparation

... did him"which God 42 peace"/all Jjriue..."

... all house"filled it 43 'and used by the early Christians 11 Vessel

13 Protective covering made by ani45 Keystone State

Be sure to see our beautiful, inmals 46 "they were not... to resist"

15 "and... is the way"48 Adam named her

expensive line of Wedding An17 "I will shew... in heaven above"50 Christ appeared to two disciples

their to way on were have I none""Silver who 19 Invitations. and nouncements... and.. a. thee they made follow 53 and "Who 20 "I know.. them,. gold "a

us? over judge complete &&& a Here you wiN numbered was [Matthias] he state "And 55 Northwestern 21

assortment of wedding station22 Austrian river; rise (anag.) with the eleven..."

24 Abraham's old home 56 Canadian province ery, the latest and smartest.—25 Weight of Korea

26 "and,..., I am with you alway"Our Text from Acts is 2, 4, 17, 19,

PROMPT, COURTEOUS 27 "and... in the earth beneath"bined27, 30, 40, 42, 43, and 55 comATTENTION DOWN

1 Fabulous bird; reversed, a Jewish 31 Wife of Jacob and mother of

Call or write today measure Ezek. 45: 14 Joseph

2 Dog of tropical America 32 "... any man will do his will"

3 Midday rest 33 Bibcock Cskt JJeseret OXtews 45 TownFemininein Massachusettsname 3634 Pastoral"And thepoemLord added... tu e

6 "the king's merchants received the church daily such as should be linen... at a price"(pi.) saved"

ress... 7 "sue thee at the..."38 "For as in... all die"

9 "give seed to the..., and bread 41 Low tide

the eater"(pi.) 44 ". to 29 Richards Street God.. asshallmanycall"as the Lord our cowardly 10 Acts

Salt Lake City, Utah 12 Worker in plastic art 45 "but I will not with ink and...

14 Strange write unto thee"one rode on 46 Jesus "this hath God...up"JesusPioneer printers and binders of the 16

the lamp of God went... 47 letter "And 18 Greek

West 20 Another Greek letter out"23 Proposed language 49 Bitter vetch 28 "they went up... an upper 51 Mother

officer 52 Under room"he "for was numbered with..."my hook in thy..."54638 29 "put

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1941

SAGA OF THE HANDCART PIONEERS (Concluded from page 637) which institution he was awarded a font in the L. D. S. temple at Cardyears in southern Europe for the first mention in his sculpture work ston, Alberta, Canada, heralded at

continuance and finishing of his after a year's time. On his return the time of its placement as a piece

studies. to the States, he spent another half of symbolical statuary of high order

A stronger influence even than year at the Art Students'League in and distinction; and a similar font of

art, however, was to shape the course New York. One of the first comterra cotta at the Mesa, Arizona,

of his travels at this time. At Oslo, missions received by him from the temple. Around the exterior of the

Mr. Knaphus made his first acquaintChurch was the making of the handArizona temple are also eight friezes

ance with Latterday Saint missioncart statue. The inspiration for this by Mr. Knaphus, representing the

aries, and so impressed was he with remarkable piece of sculpture was various nations of today in their rethe Gospel they preached, that alattained largely through his contact sponse to the Gospel message. He

though quite familiar with the teachand conversations with many of the is now working on the oxen for the ings of various other religious sects, pioneers in the valley who had made baptismal font for the Idaho Temple.

trip across the western favoring the immortal himself the plain foundhe is school child Salt Lake Every of in this plains theology sincere manner. to him,and, familiar statue the patriotic with

all doctrines aboveMormonism years statue erected a ago few handcart comon the was The long heard. he hadwhich Not of in the of the pleted placed City and grounds County Bureau and

afterward, in February of 1902, Mr. Information Building in 1926, where building, depicting an American boy

Knaphus joined the L. D. S. it has since remained, admired by and girl with eyes upraised to the

Church. He sailed for the United the tens of thousands of visitors who flag. This is also one of Mr. KnapStates in January of 1906, coming have passed through the display hus'fine conceptions. he the whereto same year, Utah in

his rooms of the building since that time. The Handcart Monument alone Churchcontinued and eswork

tablished his home at Salt Lake City, Besides the handcart statue, would be well worth a visit to famous now blessed with a goodly group of among the best known works of TorTemple Square. In the detail of this

children and flaxenhaired grandleif Knaphus are the celebrated Hill statue a masterpiece has been made.

children, a typical happy, healthy Cumorah monument in New York There is a realism and a flowing

Mormon family. state, overlooking the site where rhythm of movement in the group

In 1912, Torleif Knaphus returned Joseph Smith found the golden which takes one along with it on that to Europe, where, in Paris, he plates from which the Book of Morgreat trek of the Mormon handcart studied at the Julian Academy, at mon was translated; the baptismal pioneers.

oilGreatest motor development so far

No other motor oil, Pennsylvania, MidContinent or

Western, can equal all the advantages of ThermoCharged "RPM"

A STANDARD OIL PRODUCT

UNEQUALED "JfafoHOAT ANY PRICE

\J\j a quart Cttmaed

ii"AMERICA'S PREMIER MOTOR OIL"NOW MORE THAN EVER

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY DOUBLE FEATURE

feel situations to wishing emphasize persons bad times sir, the the get of life is to fall in to Yes, best out most way AT are enough. not strong that the "very They much"words beautiful love great with a or a problem woman.

expression, "the the way."using worst error by an make get both? the last choose not one and Why it in this, help the like way,"needs worst sentence In a "He

would be correct to say, "He needs help very much."

<$> APPROPRIATE September 4, 1941. Rastus: "Did youall have a special celebration foh yo'

Brethren Dear DURING our recent trip to the Hawaiian Islands, we had the woodenMose: weddin'?""Yassah, we did, in a way. She hit me on de haid

privilege of visiting the lepers settlement at Kaulapapa, wid a rollin'pin, 'cause Ah wouldn't split no kindlin'foh her."

Molokai, T. H., where President David O. McKay dedicated

a recreation hall. We have in this settlement some fiftytwo

members of the Church, who are afflicted with this terrible UPSIDE DOWN disease, but they are full of faith and devotion to the Church, and exemplify the plan of the Gospel in their lives in such a Mrs. Newlywed entered a store and asked for some floor

wav that they set a splendid example for the rest of the Church. wax.

Their banishment to Kaulapapa is virtually life imprisonment, Salesman: "Sorry, ma'am. We only have sealing wax."

as few, if any, of these people ever recover from leprosy. ConMrs. Newlywed: "Don't be silly! Who ever heard of

sequently, the physical world that they live in is comparatively waxing the ceiling?"

small, the village being fronted by the ocean and at the rear precipitous cliffs rise to a height of 2,000 feet. As I listened to

their testimonies I wondered what we could do to exhibit our DUDE, DUDE interest in them, and so I asked Brother Koni what he thought would be most helpful to the members of the branch; and he In the prosperous 1920's, a Britisher arrived at a western

indicated that if more copies of the Era could be forwarded to ranch and decided to try horseback riding over the mesa.

them, as well as some of the other Church periodicals, they "Which do you want, an English saddle or a Western?"

the asked cowboy. is transpiring in direct contact with bring what them would

is the difference?"replied the Britisher. what "And it that in suggestion mind, would be in the Church. With

deeply appreciated if the Era could forward four or five copies "The Western saddle has a horn."

each month to these stricken people. "I think I won't need the horn,"said the visitor. "I don't

The dedicatorial exercises at Honolulu were most inspiring. plan to ride in heavy traffic."

Without a doubt the Church has the finest edifice of its kind

Islands. both in out and The people, on the Hawaiian of the SOUNDS LIKE A MENU

this building; in the erection of a keen pride Church, have taken

and it stands as a monument to the integrity and the devotion The lady from Kalamazoo was touring South America.

of the members of the Church. Ordering dinner, she pointed to the menu and said, "Waiter,

bring me some of this."

Wishing you every success, and with all kind 'wishes, we are "Madam."replied the waiter, "the orchestra is playing that

SincerelyTHEyourPRESIDINGbrethren, BISHOPRIC. now."

By Joseph L. Wirthlin. YOU ASKED FOR IT

"Upper or lower berth,"inquired the wouldbe traveler,

PALMYRA PILGRIMAGE "what's the difference?"

is difference agent, But $2. ticket "the replied the "Well,"letter written excerpts are from a following R. David by one. all. is the is higher than upper The that lower not THE The

the of formerly Twentyseventh of Pingree, Jr., Ward it is lower, the lower. have you want price higher If you

his of did City. This undergraduate most young Salt man Lake the sell lower. lower than the upper to higher. Most go Wefor to of Utah, Stanford University University the at went work it's like the although account lower upper, on don't people

there a bachelor's degree, received and for year and was a to upper higher. an of occupy up being you go you When of the Business School from Harvard later Admingraduated to get up."get bed and down

the istration. employed by ErwinWasey Company is now He

of New York City. "The trip to Palmyra was one of the highlights of my life. BLOOD WILL TELL

truly the remarkable most wonderful and pageant was The is Poetic, girl: First so romantic! "Oh, Jack, When... I seen. before hours the ever thing "too. program have Two

calls 'Fair Lady.'he speaks to me, always he me left seat half for cars a not started and there were jammed was

streetgirl: dear. habit, of force a Jack's "Simply Second... in. directions waiting to in get the road both a mile down

car conductor."spellbound the performance. simply audience by was The

No one seemed to move even so much as an inch during the whole two hours. WHAT'S IN A NAME

after the maintained information booths were and "Two party, him. suitor decided former to snub at a a girl Seeing her this literature of there piece not performance one was was over,

hostess him, the introduced sorry,"she murmured when "So left the ground. on

get "but your name."for great the outsiders does deal only not a "This pageant

f. s., didn't,""I said "but the unabashed you you Iknowdidn't lot builds in of it also certainly enthusiasm the mis- a but up

sionaries. And let me add that perhaps most important of all, certainly tried hard enough."

it stimulates the interest of members like mvself who have never really known what our religion is and what it is based on.... SPEED, NOT METHOD

"And besides seeing this marvelous pageant, it was a great inspiration to me to see the Hill Cumorah, Joseph Smith's home, Patient: "Doctor, I'm sure you saved my life, How can I

the Sacred Grove, Palmyra, the Martin Harris home, etc. repay you for all you've done?"

Seeing these sights makes one feel that one can easily see how Doctor: "Well, I'm not particular about the method, but

the events that took place one hundred twenty years ago on this if you can repay me about three years quicker than the last sacred ground were possible."time, I'd appreciate it."

SUNDAY IN RADIO

rilled with complete listening enjoyment. Not oneHundreds of the world's finest artists—a day

in Radio. The followingprogram to remember, or several, but a full day—the Biggest Sunday

are representative Sunday programs on KSL:

to 11:00 A. M. j{ VUorfd 3amou5 Dabernacte Choir 10:30

Tabernacle. 300 voices and organ—from historic Salt Lake

. 1:00 to 2:30 P. M. 7T fjew IJorL Pliitkarmonic Orckedra

America's best known and best loved symphony orchestra.

.... 2:30 to 3:00 P. M. Oke Pause Oliat fefredliet Andre Kostelanetz and Orchestra, Violinist Albert Spalding and Guests.

.. 3:00 to 3:45 P. M. Jhe frudential ZJatnilu Jroar

Ross Graham. Musical favorites—Gladys Swarthout, Deems Taylor,

Olre Stiver Dkeatre 4:00 to 4:30 P. M. Outstanding stars of stage and screen in outstanding plays.

ZJhe ZJord landau Cvenlna Jroar. 7:00 to 8:00 P. M.

Ford Symphony Orchestra, Ford Chorus and guest artists.

.. 8:00 to 8:30 P. M. Dake 3t or jCeave 3t.. America's Number 1 Quiz Show with Bob Hawk and Guests.

.Melen J4aue6 ZjLeatre 8:30 to 9:00 P. M. America's Number 1 Radio Actress in a different play each Sunday.

... 10:00 P. M. to Signoff Wuslc at CioSe of Sbau t(Z. C. M. I. String Ensemble,""Sunday Evening on Temple Square,"

KSL Salon Orchestra, "Sabbath Reveries,"and Budapest String Quartette.

C. B. S. - 116 ON YOUR DIAL

FROM THE HOME OFFICE Established in Salt Lake City in 1905, this strong company has since spread its activities to more than a dozen western states and its benefits to practically all parts of the nation...and beyond. To this beautiful

city come each year hundreds of thousands of visitors: tourists, students,

men and women in commercial and governmental pursuits, and church members on sacred pilgrimage bent. Most of these visit the famous

Mormon Temple Grounds through its wide hospitable gates where the "welcome"sign always beckons. Directly across the street are our home

offices where the same friendly welcome awaits.

r/smftr-"

J. GRANT. Pm(