"iVA

18971937 Right in Your Own Neighborhood

WASHINGTON VIRGINIA

QUEBEC CALIFORNIA

JUST down the street from you is a Shell dealer. Every kind

of motor travel information is at his fingertips.

Perhaps you plan a weekend trip. Maybe a long vacation.

Whichever it is, let your Shell dealer work out your complete route. Show you the best roads

to take. Suggest points of interest along the way you

shouldn't miss seeing. And a dozen and one other helps

to make your journey pleasant.

OREGON No charge for this service. Simply drive in when you

are ready. Ask all the questions you want. Get all the

MEXICO CITY help you need. And when you are on your happy way,AND DEATH VALLEY

LAKE LOUISE you will find Shell "Travel Bureaus"all along the route.GRAND CANYON

THOUSAND ISLANDS NEW ORLEANS NO "GUESSAND-TALK"SERVICE

SHELL WILL PLAN YOU TRIPS TO Your neighborhood Shell dealer bases his advice on Shell FingerTip

THESE, AND OTHER SCENIC WONDERS.. TravelShell MetropolitanInformation streetreferencemaps,books,the famousShell ShellState Directorieshighway maps,that

ASK SHELL! list hotels, resorts, auto courts, trailer parks. And on his direct

contact with Shell Touring Headquarters.

Touring Service

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

...[Portrait ofa JLadyi

then and

Thrilling similarity of the mode... the I897 hip - length

basque that made grandma such a charming lady, in a new 1 937 version that wi make you charming too. Stunning two piece olive green

sheer wool costume with black satin blouse and black persian cloth trim, $29.75.

Black felt hat with persian trim, $5.00. Matrix shoes,

black suede with clever stitching, $8.75. Black suede

bag, $3.98. Gloves $2.98. America's ZCMFirst Department Store

WHAT LEADERS ARE SAYING

87 Years of Transportation Progress Burley, Idaho.

The Mormon Trail still was But, as the last 40 years have "Every number of Septemberthe Era, beginning18, 1937.

dusty with wagon trains when eloquently proved, the growth with volume one, has come to our home.

the granted, Era would wishes Were my

Saint Latterday in home every found the Aurora Branch Railroad, of the West and the Burlington be forerunner of the Burlington, had just begun. Population, in our stake. There could not be greater

volumes are My bound books. commenced operations over industry and agriculture have spiritualinvaluablehelp.as reference

strapiron rails on September 2, doubled, trebled, quadrupled. "Sincerely,

(Signed) David R. Langlois"

1850. The Burlington Lines have exPresident of Burley Stake.

panded to 12,000 miles, reach-

A dozen years after the exoing 14 states. Freight and passOverton,SeptemberNevada,17, 1937

dus from Nauvoo, Burlington enger trains operate at speeds "As a missionary from November, 1899, rails were following the fresh undreamed of a few short years tofromMarch,home.1902,It thehasErabeencamea memberas one visitingof our

ruts of Mormon wagon trains ago. Travelers aboard luxurious family since 1904. We have enjoyed its

westward across Iowa. streamline Zephyrs now traverse pages,aim in theand MoapaappreciateStakeitsis influence.to have an OurEra

in fleeting hours distances that in every home.

The Spring of 1882 saw the took intrepid emigrants weary "Respectfully,( Signed Willard L. Jones,"Burlington in Denver—a new weeks. President of Moapa Stake,

transportation artery dedicated 25, 1937. September to the development of the Rocky Again we say that we have

the Long Beach "The success of Mountain West. come a long way, much of it placing The Improvement Era in theStakehomesin

together, and the Burlington of Latterday Saints is due principally to

By the Fall of 1897, when the takes this occasion of the 40th provementthe firm convictionEra is thewe greatesthave thatmissionaryThe Im

Improvement Era was founded anniversary of the Improvement force in the Church today.

by Heber I. Grant, the BurEra to salute its friends and think"Manyof refusingof our tofamiliessubscribewouldfor nothe moreBra

lington had become a patrons in the Rocky than they would to turn down an official

We know and transportation system Mountain West, and to callthat homesfor missionarywhere the service.Era is received

operating more than predict that 40 years read enjoy rich spiritual blessings which 7,000 miles of railhence we can repeat: would"OurnotStakecomeErato Directorthem otherwise.is a man whose

road. We thought we "We have come a life's profession is salesmanship and he

had come a long way. long way."hastor acceptedas a call theto appointmentmissionary service.of Era DirecThe

Lord is blessing him with the ability to instill into the hearts of his coworkers the spirit of missionary service of the Era.

Recently upon his recommendation the new group of Stake Missionaries adopted the placement of Eras as their special missionary project during the winter. We are

(grating (&txtb$ lookingthis source.for some pleasant surprises from

featuring the smartest lines "With sincere appreciation for the outavailable. Outstanding, beaustanding magazine you are giving us,

tiful. Over 1000 styles from "Sincerely your brother,

which to select. (Signed) /. W.Jones"

CHRISTMAS CARDS that are President of Long Beach Stake.

distinctive and personally imprinted. Priced July 22, 1937.

50 for $1.00 "... I know of no magazine of equal

25 for..$1.79 standard and the quality of the material is

25 for. $1.95 unsurpassed. I congratulate you and wish

in Gospel, the Albert Smith."E "Your(Signed)brother George PEMBROK24 (AndEast Broadway—Saltup to $50.00 perLake100)City you continued success.

Council Twelve. of the Of the

{Continued on page 660) 658 The "Era"Advertisers Merit Your Patronage.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

First Zion's Savings Bank ad in Volume L Number 1, of the Era. 40 Years Ago

SAVE YOUR MONEY AND WHEN YOU GET A DOLLAR

D // E WilfordDIRECTORS:Woodruff,

Cannon, George Q. O

1 ice -President, JhsL "ERA'S P President.

M. George Cannon, S

Cashier. I Joseph t. Smith,

T Lorenzo Snow,

Lyman, M. FrancisJ>ihAt SavinqA Sank I

Grant, Beber J, T Angus M. Cannon,

W T.JamesG. Webber,Jack,

I B. B. GlmrsoB,

T GeorgeL. John Reynold*,KoUall.

H

ZION'S SAVINPS BVNK AND TRUST COMPANY, 1, 3, & 5 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH,

Forty years ago, the same year in which the Brigham Young Monument was unveiled on Zion's Savings Bank corner, this bank extended the hand of fellowship to the infant magazine, The Improvement Era.

"Zion's"believed in the need for such a magazine and in the ability of its business and editorial staffs, which included Heber J. Grant and

Thomas Hull, business managers, and Joseph F. Smith and B. H. Roberts,

editors.

In the very first issue, Zion's Savings Bank 5c Trust Company became the magazine's first savings bank advertiser. A copy of this ad is reproduced above. The message of that ad, and the bank's same message

to "Era"readers after 40 years, is,

Save your money and deposit it with

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO.

MAIN AT SOUTH TEMPLE—SALT LAKE CITY

OFFICERS HEBER J. GRANT PRESIDENT

JOHN F. BENNETT VICEPRESIDENT

GEORGE S. SPENCER VICEPRESIDENT

WILLARD R. SMITH CASHIER

WILLIAM McEWAN - ASST. CASHIER & TRUST OFFICER

J. FORBES DONE ASST. CASHIER

WM. T. PATRICK ASST. CASHIER

CLARON O. SPENCER ASST. TRUST OFFICER

DIRECTORS HEBER J. GRANT ARTHUR WINTER GEORGE S. SPENCER J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

ASAHEL H. WOODRUFF WILLARD T. CANNON WALDEMAR VAN COTT DAVID O. MCKAY

LEWIS TELLE CANNON JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH GEORGE J. CANNON HERBERT A. SNOW

JOHN F. BENNETT WILLARD R. SMITH ORVAL W. ADAMS

3<tfdisdk. dnmvajuwu Q&auul, 18971937

THmprooementCra 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

NOVEMBER, 1937 Heber J. Grant,

Richard L. Evans,

THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Managing Editor

Marba C Josephson, Editor Associate QUORUMS,OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD ORGAN OF THE Morris, General George Q. Mg r. ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMUTUAL IMPROVEMENT Beesley, Associate Mgr. Clarissa A, EDUCATION, COMMITTEE, OF MUSICMENT WARD

, Business Mgr. J. K. OrtonTEACHERS, CHURCH AGENCIES AND OTHER OF THE

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

SAYING LEADERS ARE WHAT TABLE OF CONTENTS (Continued from page 658) cJhe Editors [Page "... I sincerely congratulateJuly 23, 1937.you

A Call to Church Leaders Heber J. Grant 665 waytogetherin whichwith youryou associatesare directingon thethe

affairs of the Era.

(church C/eatares success"May fortheyoufutureand beyourfull coworkers.of joy and

'Sincerely brother, your Into the Future Looks Church The J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 666

(Signed) Smoot."Reed 670 Article First Grant's President Era Council of the Of the From the Presiding Councils and Auxiliaries 682 Twelve.

1, London, W. C. 688..Lucy Grant Cannon Tour of a European The Log

1936. July 9,

658, 660, 695 Saying Leaders Are Church What "... I congratulate most you

Interior Views of the Manti, Utah, and Alberta, Canada, heartily upon the growing popularity

Temples.690, 691 of the Era.

cordial wishes. "With good... 693 the Priesthood. as the Era's Organ Decades Three The "Sincerely brother, your

the Forty Years Church Facts Now, About Some ofAgo—And (Signed) F. Merrill,"Joseph 700; Melchizedek, Priesthood: 694; 669; On, Church Moves the Council the Twelve. of Of Messages: 702; ExMutual Teaching, 701; Aaronic, Ward

ecutives, 704; Adults, 705; Seniors, 705; M Men, 705; 5 Gordon Square,

Gleaners, 706; M MenGleaners, 706; Juniors, 707; Scouts, London, W. C. 1,

707. August 31, 1937.

"The Era is glorious. We enjoy it

Special 6/eatures immensely."Very sincerely yours,

(Signed) Amy Brown Lyman,"Forty Years of Change Glynn Bennion 672 Directing Women Activities

Forty Years of Service Harrison R. Merrill 678 in Europe.

A Woman of Vision...Marba C, Josephson 684 Minneapolis, Minnesota,

September, 1937. L. Richard Evans 686 Challenges Ensign

"It has been fortune to regood my the UniExploring 698; 697; Rack, Homing, Book On the

ceive every of the number pubEra 728; and Ours, S. Harris, Franklin Jr., verse, Page 703; Your

lished. Central North States The Mis709. Advertisers, to Index

sion the considers 'The of Era Voice the Church,'the second best literature (bditortais agencysion, andfor forstimulatingconvertinglife insouls,the misthe

Forty Years John A. Widtsoe 692 Book of Mormon alone excepted.

A Woman's Changed World Marba C. Josephson 692 (Signed)"Sincerely'yours,D. A. Broadbent,"

President of the North Central

States Mission.cftction, [Poetry, Crossword [Puzzle {Continued on page 695)

Frontispiece Heber J. Grant 663

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R. Lyman 676 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

Street, 50 North Main Two Brothers—A Short Short Story Helen Tenna Tyree 683 City, Utah A Good Investment Gilbert H, Andrews 687 Copyright 1937, by the YoungSaltMen'sLakeMutual

Poetry Page, 696; Shining Faith, Ruby W. Simmerman, 702; Improvement Association Corporation of the

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle, 716. ChurchAll rightsof reserved.Jesus ChristSubscriptionof Latterdayprice,Saints.$2.00

a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

secondclass Utah, as matter. Acceptance foroJhe Co vet'mailingEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, at special rate of postage provided

artist, for staff in section 1103, Era's of Improvement 1917, October, Act Fortieth cover Anniversary by drawn The wasOur authorized 2, 1918. July as It Saint of Latterday the architecture Temples the uses Smith. K. Fielding

is The not Improvement responsible Era profile of is the progress. lower figure of forty of years change and Thethe symbol for unsolicited manuscripts, but conwelcomes

the Manti, Utah, Temple, with its Nineteenth Century architecture. The spires of the tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

Salt Lake Temple break through the center, and the top figure is an exaggerated by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

conception of the L. D. S. Alberta Temple (Cardston, Canada) showing what may

above airplane future. horse and the below the of buggy and the templewell The be to A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY their travel progress, in the world seen people have era our through whatshow

and from the Temples of the Living God. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

Congratulations to the Improvement Era on its fortieth birthday!

Forty years have wrought many changes, one of the most beneficial of which is improvement in standards of living.

As we glance back into our "yesterdays"there will always be many cherished memof those ories—but who would wish to return to the discomforts and inconveniences

"good old days"of the nineties?

In the "better homes"of forty years ago there might have been found a single drop cord, in each room, with an oldstyle carbon bulb, switched on and off at the lamp.

In many homes the lighting was not even that far advanced. The coal oil lamp was

still the only source of artificial light. Housework was backbreaking drudgery.

It is difficult now to imagine a return to those conditions. Today, nowhere is the full

use and enjoyment of electricity so evident as in the homes of this section. Today

practically every family in the territory we serve has available the benefits of modem lighting, scientifically designed for protecting eyesight and beautifying the home. Today

electric servants do the cooking, refrigeration, water heating and perform numerous other household tasks, in many, many thousands of these homes—at a remarkably

small cost.

Adequate, dependable and lowcost Electric Service has made today's home more than a place in which to live. The home of today has become a place in which to

enjoy living.

,.- \N.N\X

-NSSSS

Electricity is the Biggest Bargain in the Home

UTAH POWE LIGHT CO

The Advertisers of the "Era"Merit Your Support. 661

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

asolineanJ Oil have chanqed, too j

your sleek streamlined

automobile with its highcompression, smoothrunning engine, could not have been developed without the advances that have been made in refining gasoline and motor oil.

In the intermountain territory, Pep 88 and Vico set the pace for modern performance. These products are made in one

of America's most modern refineries where the latest developments of science are utilized to produce gasoline and oil that give you enjoyable and economical motoring.

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO

Deseret News Photo.

PRESIDENT HEBER J GRANT / ne Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and | W/ORLD nea< beloved leader of his people as he appears seated at his desk in the

Church Office building, Salt Lake City, as he approaches the Eightyfirst

Anniversary of his birth which occurs November 22, 1937,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

Mural in the Union Pacific Depot, SaltLake City, showing the driving of the golden spike at Promontory, Utah, in 1 869, which marked the beginning of transcontinental railroad service in the

United States.

(JN behalf of the Union Pacific Railroad and its employees, I am happy to extend greetings and best wishes to President Heber J. Grant and the

great Mormon people and to heartily congratulate The Improvement Era on its Fortieth

Anniversary.

President

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

OMAHA, NEBRASKA

Mural in the Union Pacific Depot in

Salt Lake City depicting the conquest of the Inland West by Brigham

Young and the Mormon people.

JbkuAdv

this can proclaim gospel loyalty I believe our must renew and we to God,

Spirit Living of the nN<obymanthe God inspires of a doubt that beyond shadow and God unless that man is living his religion."blesses, and multiplies our substance when we are

honest with Him. We do not want in this day a

BY repetition of what the scriptures tell us was the condition in years gone by, wherein the Lord declares that He had been robbed, because of the PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

failure of the people to live the financial law that am very pleased indeed to express my deep apGod has revealed.

preciation of our Conference, from start to Now, I pray from the bottom of my heart that

I finish. God will give each and every man and woman who

I am grateful for the Gospel of Jesus Christ. holds an office in any stake or ward the spirit and

am thankful for the devotion of the Latterday the feeling and the determination from this day, to

Saints as a whole. renew his covenants with God, to live his religion;

I announced here at the Priesthood meeting last and if we are too weak to do> these things, we night and I decided to> announce it again that should step aside and let somebody else take our we expect all the General Officers of the Church, place.

each and every one of them, from The Word of Wisdom, we are this very day, to be absolute, fullut of the 108th Semiannual Con told, is such that it can be kept by tithepayers, to really and truly O'ference, held in the Tabernacle in "the weak and the weakest of all observe the Word of Wisdom; Salt Lake City, October 1st to 3rd inSaints."I have heard that some

leaders the there elusive, from came after of of the officers of the of of Boards,and members we ask all with spoken messages, such the Church all legalizing thethe Church law and was passed members so pertaining authority, and and of power the General Boards, and all Stake vitally to our temporal and spiritual beer, said: "Well, I do declare,

and Ward officers, if they are not wellbeing, that all of them should be in now I am entitled to have a glass the every of the member hands of isliving of beer."Saint Latterday honestly the Gospel and No Doubtto be and reread. read Church, entitled that to is conanything their conscientiously payingand the less significant message the of most

tithing, to kindly step aside, unConference was the one reprinted here trary to the mind and will of the less from this day they live up to which President Grant left sounding in Lord, and the Word of Wisdom

Saints Latterday the hearts ofthese provisions. the there is the mind and the will of the

session. as the final he closed assembled We have undertaken a most Lord.

stupendous work and there will be I want you to know that this no difficulty whatever in carrying out that great will make no difference to me personally, but as the work. We will have an abundance to take care of shepherd of the flock, the day has come, in my

every living Latterday Saint who is in distress. judgment and in the judgment of my associates,

Mind you, when I say Latterday Saint I mean Latthat we must live up to and be loyal to this work terday Saint. I am not talking about idlers. I am and serve God with all our heart, might, mind, and

not talking about people that want to lie down and strength, if we are to accomplish what the Lord wants us to do.let somebody else take care of them—I am talking

of Latterday Saints. If the people will pay their I thank you all for your presence here.

tithing and if they will keep the Word of Wisdom, I thank the Lord for the splendid Conference and will actually, really, and for a fact, fast two we have had. In so far as God has given me

meals once a month and give the equivalent, we will the power to do so, I pray God to bless you be able to carry forward our Security Plan without one and all, I pray God to bless all the any trouble whatever. Latterday Saints. I pray God to bless every

It is simply marvelous that people can live on soul that has good intentions, and to strengthen eleven cents, some of them—two meals a day once him and her in their determination to keep theeach month for twelve months in the year—twentycommandments of the Lord. I love the Lord; I

four meals on a half a cent a meal. [Or at least, love the Latterday Saints; I love the honest the

so their fast offerings would indicate.] world over; I have no animosity against any living

We feel that in all the stakes of Zion, every stake soul. The Gospel of Jesus Christ is one of forpresident, every counselor to a stake president, giveness of wrongdoing. It is a part of the Gospel

every stake clerk, and every high councillor, standto forgive those who have done wrong, when theying at the head of the people in the stake—we ask repent, but "By this ye may know if a man rethem to kindly step aside unless they are living up penteth of his sins—behold, he will confess them

to these laws. They are given the responsibility and forsake them."He will do them no more.

of presiding, and every officer who is a presiding The time has expired.officer should say from today: "I am going to serve

the Lord, so that my example will be worthy of May God's blessing be with each and all of you, imitation."and with all the Saints, and with all the honest

No man can teach the Word of Wisdom, by the the world over, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ,

Spirit of God, who does not live it. No man can our Redeemer, Amen.

proclaim this Gospel by the Spirit of the Living ( These were the President's closing words at the 108th

God unless that man is living his religion; and with Semiannual Conference in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City,

this great undertaking that we have before us now Sunday afternoon, October 3, 1937.)

3hjL CHURCH LOOKS

By J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

Of the First Presidency

I. have yet to reach the speed of

the from passing down of of story and song mouth, by word the invention Theearlydayschildhoodof our areinfancyfilled withand throughthought); of written

a growing awareness of time, characters, the writing by hand on space, gravity, the elements, and bulky scrolls of parchment, on rushbodily wellbeing; and thence to the es, on paper, then to the printing

grave is a constant struggle to overpress with its plain black letters, come the handicaps—the inhibitions through woodcuts, steel engravings, and limitations—imposed by these lithographs, photogravures, to gorphysical incidents of our being. To geous pages in natural colors; from

the gaining of the experiences of the mangled, gangrenous broken leg mastering these incidents must be demanding a life, through amputaadded the experiences having to do tion with hideous pain without an- with making the biological part of esthetic, to the most refined and man articulate and with the cultivadelicate painless operation upon the tion and interchange of thought. The very seat of the mind itself,—all

nearer comes the conquest of these, these but indicate man's conquests the nearer come men together, and of his inhibitions and limitations.

the nearer men approach one anYet time, space, gravity, the eleother, the nearer comes the univerments, disease, still inexorably rule sal brotherhood of men and their the world; and death waits patientultimate perfection. ly, silently, at the end of the path

But whatever may be the conof life. So shallow is man's success

quests of man, these limitations and that a faulty iron girder, a weak rail inhibitions remain to clog his adjoint, a loose connection, a poorly vance and intercourse with others. tempered wire brace, a blundering

Time, space, gravity, the elements, blade, and his conquest is swallowdisease are constantly with him; they ed up without a ripple in the ocean

assert themselves with disaster the of law and force that rules the uniinstant he ignores or forgets them. verse. Surely man should make his

All that man may ever do is to esboasts under his breath.

cape or thwart their operation by But however stable or unstable, the use of other laws. In so far as however complete or incomplete

man succeeds, he performs miracles. these conquests may be, they mark

During the ages, man has gone human progress—how great relalong distances towards his ultimate tively we may not measure for we

conquest of all these. From the do not know the ultimate, yet man

shelter of a tree or cave, through the seems to have come great distances.

leanto, the log hut, the adobe But these conquests of energy and house, to the giant structure of steel, force make human progress, add concrete, and glass, housing a city to human comfort and wellbe- within its four walls; from the lone ing, increase knowledge and quicken

footpath in the forest, through the intelligence, and, above all (and this dirt road, the dust and mud of the is the end of it all) promote human city street, the paved sidewalk, the happiness, for the ancient prophet paved thoroughfares, to the great declared "Men are that they might concrete ribbon spanning a contihave joy."Happiness comes in pronent; from the pack of a few pounds portion as we lift ourselves beyond

on a man's back, through the oxcart, the reach of the penalty of earth the horse and buggy, to the railroad law; and perfection comes nearer

with its thousands of tons, and the with happiness.

auto truck; from the fleetest runner, Thus all knowledge in whatever

through the pony express, the fast field it may rest, all uplifting human mail train, to the airplane traveling experience, all the ennobling activi- a fourth as fast as the earth revolves ties of men, all truths of the union its axis; from the shout that, with verse, aid men to rise above and

fair air, carried a few hundred feet, save them from the inhibitions and through the telephone linking cities, limitations of the flesh. The Psalmto the radio carrying the voice round ist of old sang "The law is the

the globe with the speed of light (we truth."and Tesus said, "Ye shall

NTO THE FUTURE THE CHURCH, ABSORBING THE TRUTH OF

THE PAST, WILL MAKE ITS OWN THE TRUTH

OF THE FUTURE TO THE ULTIMATE PERFECTION OF ITS MEMBERS.

And the forward look finds these things to be true even as they have been in the past hphat while man's conquests of force 'and energy are yet shallow and unstable, they lead him upwards towards perfection.

HThAT ALL TRUTH IS INTEGRALLY PART OF the Gospel of Jesus Christ and leads # us towards perfection.

HThat material rewards may come without EFFORT OR DESERVINGNESS BUT NOT m SO WITH THINGS OF THE SPIRIT.

That individualism in spirituality is fundamental.

rphat the physical inhibitions and limitations of the flesh, and also those encumbering the spirit because of mortality, must be conquered before perfection can come.

TThat "this Gospel of the Kingdom shall be preached in all the world"—and

that "every knee shall bow and every—thetongueChurchconfess isthatworldwide.jesus is the christ,"

know the truth, and the truth shall I received from my Father. {John

make you free."10:1718)

Hannah prayed of old: 'The

As we make these truths our own, Lord is a God of knowledge."

so perfection approaches. It was II.

by—andHis Heperfectsaid knowledgeto Thomas,of"Itrutham mustSo seekthe Churchfor andandcherishits membersknowlthe way, the truth, and the life"- edge; the finding and learning of

that Jesus turned water into wine, truth must always take their first multiplied the loaves and fishes, esthought, because knowledge of truth caped from the threatening mob on leads toward perfection, and the the edge of the cliff at Nazareth and Master said, "Be ye perfect even again within the temple walls at Jeas your Father in Heaven is perrusalem, that took Him into the fect."

room with closed windows and doors Since knowledge of truth leads to visit the fearsome, questioning, to perfection, and since the Gospel doubting Apostles; indeed, that is God's plan to bring men to perbrought Him forth from the tomb fection, our affirmation that all truth

the First Fruits of the Resurrection. is part of the Gospel becomes clear,

He had said to the angered mob in and to those who have not followed

His great sermon on the Good Shepthe reasons, the declaration of our herd: Articles of Faith assumes now an

Therefore doth ray Father love me, beadded meaning when we say:

I life, thatcause I might lay down my Indeed we may say that we follow the again. takethtake it it from me, No man

it I I laybut of myself. down have ILLUSTRATED BY it to lay down, I havepower and power

to take it again. This commandment have FIELDING K. SMITH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937 admonition of Paul—We believe all things, fully understood, appreciated, and damned."Jesus had earlier said

all things, endured hope have manywe we all enjoyed by any one without doing to Nicodemus: "Except a man bethings, to able to endure be and hope

things. If there is anything virtuous, lovethe works of the creator. born of water and of the Spirit,

ly or of good report or praiseworthy, we But it is not so with the things he cannot enter into the kingdom seek after these things. of the spirit. One must do the works of God."

Thus the Church glories in all of Elijah if one would know his joy, The Lord has many times reprogress and advancement in scihave part in his blessings, share his peated these same injunctions and ence, in art, in literature, and in glory, exercise his power and auprinciples to the Latterday Church.

every avenue of human endeavor thority, and do the things he did. There can be no question but that

and activity, for every conquest of And surely the power to bring rain every ear must hear and be given a physical inhibition or limitation to a faminestricken land, to call the choice of living or refusing the upon the freedom of the human down fire from heaven, to cause the Gospel.

soul makes for perfection. The starving widow's barrel of meal not To leave no doubt in the minds

Church makes its own every truth to waste, her cruse of oil not to fail, of the Apostles who were with Him that comes. It casts away all error. to restore to life her dead son, to in Palestine that He meant every

It suspends adoption where truth declare the past and foretell the creature in the whole world, andand error still contend, until truth future—surely these things are benot merely among those who wereprevails and bares her face, then it yond compare; they may not be called His chosen people—Jesus

takes her to its bosom and makes valued, nor purchased, nor hired; declared to them in the great disher part of itself. The Church takes they are beyond price. Here the course on the Mount of Olives;

all things of material progress and And this Gospel of the Kingdom shall uses them for the convenience, combe preached in all the world, for a witfort, and advancement of the memnessend come.unto all(Mart.nations:24:14.)and then shall the

bers, for their edification, education, and culture, for their social and ecoIn this day the Lord has declared nomic welfare and security; no the Gospel should be preached "at

truth, no principle of wellbeing or all times and in all places,""among right living is discountenanced, all nations,"in "all the world,"- withheld, or forbidden. This has "and for this cause, that men might

been the rule of the Church from be partakers of the glories which the beginning. were to be revealed."Again He

declared, speaking to the Prophet

III. in relation to Sidney Rigdon and

Dut the things already spoken of Frederick G. Williams:

only lead out toward perfection works and the use are companions That thereby they may be perfected in of Zion, salvation for the their ministry Elijah's part. works never Do for perfection not thatbut not to it, may Israel, of the of of the and nations

enjoy use and would if you overbe reached mastery by the mawill as believe. his andGentiles, as many

terial things alone. powers. That through your administration they

their the receive through word, and the may affairs of in that comes So it Perfection also the subjumeans forth unto the administration go word may of the and the doing works spirspirit, intellectualgation of the and earth, the of the Gentiles unto the ends itual limitations and inhibitions the use of the resulting spiritual first, and then, behold, and lo, they shall which are incident to the flesh. power, are not only inseparable but turn unto the Jews.

the the then cometh day when And not individual. axe wholly They

is funessential there and an But shall in the of revealed be Lord arm power as taught Elisha to bought be nations, the in the convincing heathen nadifference conbetweendamental the Sorcerer as Simon and Naaman tions, the of the of Joseph, house Gospel in the physquest achievement and Peter: of the rebuke learned from salvation. their of

ical spiritual in the world. and One it to shall in that pass day, For come beperish with thee money "Thy or of the not worksneed do Morse shall that fulness every the of hear man the that thought hast cause thou his in his the in tongue, Gospel and fully in own order orEdison Marconi

to enjoy and use the telegraph, the gift of God may be purchased with own language, through those who are this sacthe the for adminisordained unto power, atoning by Save money."thetelephone, the or gramophone, tration forth of the Comforter, shed upon of rifice the doing of the and Sonradio; the nor works do need one revelation for Christ. the of Jesus them rites for the initiatory certain dead 90:8-11.) in to Cov. andof {Doc order enjoy the Wrights

accepted be these must even ( and full airplane. to the the useand The reiterated these Lord fundaThe nothing the dead), adopted by and of ignorant depravedmost and men time again: mentals the Gospel and in matters vicariously done, be can all his for things these use ownmay is to "unto Gentile be preached and spirit, for another. of the one by his ends, servepurposes, to own "the the unto poor and meek Jew;"his work, must do Everyone own inbenefit or for the or bad,good shall the hear "those Gospel,"and if the and have power he would fully as others, as theyjury of who sit rein in the darkness and who authority. user merely has them.made The of death."gion and shadow IV. priceto the then and pay money all this in the part of Church The

have all of the power, all the effecIndividualism in spirituality is is clear and explicit:

tive use which he who created them Christianity. to fundamental Thus verily, the from sound must go forth For have. or canhad leave taking of His Apostles Jesus, all this the into world, place unto and

So likewise it is with the works and about to ascend into heaven, the uttermost parts of the earth. (Doc. and

of the great artists, sculptors, musaid unto them: "Go ye into all the Cov., 58:64.)

sicians, dramatists, and men of letworld and preach the Gospel to And again:

ters. Save only the creative joy every creature; he that believeth Hearken, and lo, a voice as of one sent

which those alone who make may and is baptized shall be saved, and down from on high, who is mighty and know, these masterpieces may be he that believeth not shall be powerful, whose going forth is unto the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

ends of the earth, yea, whose voice is unto Gospel plan through which he on earth. He would not have done

Lord, the the ye way ofmen—Prepare this if, simHis plan, this under and the body end, is so plain reaches

straight. paths Hismake or mistreated, to though be ignored, man, ple that were "a wayfaring are the of of keys kingdom The God

committed unto man on the earth, and a fool, need not err therein."or debauched. The Church of

from thence shall the Gospel roll forth Christ, to carry out His purposes;

VI. earth, of as the the stoneunto the ends purpose: twin have this must The

is of the without out cut mountainwhich the of perfecting protection the organization and it filled TThe Church is roll until forth, shall hashands the whole earth. which God has set up to help body, the perfecting of the Spirit.

men in their struggles against the To bring this about in every indi-

V. limitations and inhibitions of the vidual is the purpose of the Church.

Co the Lord has spoken. From His flesh as affecting the spirit and its Now the Lord has said that His

words, these things clearly apmanifestations and development. It plan is that every creature on the

pear: is as nearly perfect as mortals perearth, that every nation, that every

Every man, woman, and child, mit it to be; greater perfection will people,—each and every one must

in every country, Christian, Hebrew, come just as soon as men can un- "hear the fullness of the Gospel in heathen, must hear the Gospel in derstand and use it. The Lord has his own tongue and in his own lanwill guage."So to carry this Gospel isits fullness—the rich, the poor, the never revealed His mind and

meek, the haughty. The Lord has beyond man's power of comprehenthe mission and the destiny of the

expressly told us: "I am no respecsion, and when man has shown his Church. The responsibility for

ter of persons."confirmed unwillingness to follow initiating the plan, for setting up

Thus every person shall make the plan and live the law revealed, the Church, and for presently dihis own mind what his life shall be. recting it has been given to us of

None shall make it for him. WhethAmerica. But it is not our Church:

er he will be satisfied with that part it belongs to all God's children and of salvation which pertains to the as much to one as to another. For

physical world, or whether he shall those to whom God has entrusted go on and add to this the salvation the preaching of this Gospel and and exaltation of the spiritual unithe spreading of it through the verse, is for his own choice. And earth, there are no greater blessings

perhaps there should be here reawaiting than await anyone who called the Lord's saying that in reholds the Priesthood and lives the ality "All spirit is matter, but it is Gospel, whoever he may be and more fine or pure, and can only be wherever he lives; but upon us there

discerned by purer eyes, we cannot rests an all but crushing responsisee it, but when our bodies are bility that, not fully met, will bring purified we shall see that it is all to us not only loss of blessing but matter."great condemnation as well.

For him who would throw off the Lord has taken each away and So it is the mission of the Church also the inhibitions and limitations given a less perfect plan and lower to see that "the Gospel rolls forth affecting theof the flesh in matters earth, the of the as the ends law, as He did to Israel under unto spirit, indeed for him who would is cut stone out which of the mounMoses.conquer the flesh for the blessings In all times, the Lord's plan tain without hands shall roll forth,

thereof the spirit, is a joy awaiting for the until provided His Church—has descripof exceedswhich all power Whereit hasthefilledGospelthe wholegoes, earth."there people. of the wellbeing physical

are words made it fills also, until the must go Churchtion,-—because calls perfect for the plan divine to The the physical world, theydescribe the earth. spirit. perfected as as the well body

to theare express even wanting is only, not not nor underintimate America and So America an There of feelings pleasureshighest and it all is at the Europe, and but comearth whole be indeed stood—if loftymortality; the emotions when all it the the that Lord's in are. prehensible mind and human by

spirit the are conceived,of we must filling biological earth the relationship His Church between man And content ourselves with the flashing, and spiritual man. Bodily wellbe- will bring to its peoples and to all countethetear-wet eye, ennobled joy, the of of the peace, the hungry, the feeding them the and ing,—the joy, exaltaof the sobbingnance, an

life fullness to richness diseased of health and the of giving which spirittion of which no pen and mind evil of the the of the the the curing the maimed, power base body, and tell. writecan or tongue blind, denies deaf, to halt, the the the them. Ultimately dumb, now throwtwo These conquests—the itself shall of death "every knee the thrusting out and every and bow

theing physical limitations off of life in is that confess the mortal tongue reenthroning body Jesus inhibitions that holdand the control and a large part of Christ's work Christ."

activities the—was our physical anddown

rising above the limitations and inhibitions of the flesh in matters of the spirit—are each within the ultiSOME FACTS ABOUT THE CHURCH FORTY YEARS AGO—mate reach of everyone of God's AND NOW

children who is willing to live the 1897 1936 (approximately) 252,000 of Members 760,690 Number strugtheGospel needed and make of Stakes 118 37 Number sacrifice.gle Neither conquest and of 1,001 466 Number Wards

in fully but the flesh,can be of made 17 Missions 35 i Number the beginnings made in mortality 4 Number of Temples 7 can be completed in immortality. 1496 Number of fulltime Missionaries 1940

This is man's destiny. And the

PRESIDENT GRANT'S FIRST "ERA"ARTICLE EDITOR'S NOTE:—We here reprint the first signed article by

President Heber J. Grant to appear in "The Improvement Era."It is found on pages 395 to 398 of Volume I—nearly forty years

ago, and is entitled "Recollections Awakened by the Late Semi-'

Centennial Celebration."

DuringAnniversarythe recentof thecelebrationentrance ofof thethePioneersSemiCentennialinto Salt

Lake Valley, very many thoughts crowded themselves upon my mind, as I contrasted the difference between the

Salt Lake Valley of that day and the Salt Lake Valley of today.

I was seated in one of the large show windows of the main store building of Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution, as the SemiCentennial procession moved down Main

Street, and I contrasted that immense structure in which I was seated, with the one and twostory adobe dwellinghouse which at one time stood upon that identical spot, and in which residence I first saw the light of day. The house was

built by my father, who died when I was a babe of nine days, and I lived there until I was a little over six years old, when

I moved with my mother to Second East Street, where I now reside.

Having virtually seen Main Street change from a village thoroughfare to a business avenue, I recalled the time when

Zion's Savings Bank, a splendid building of five stories, was occupied by the home of the late Daniel H. Wells, and in

my mind's eye I saw the high rock wall which separated the home of my childhood from that of "Squire Wells."Everybody familiarly called him "Squire Wells"in those days.

Two more lovable or kinder men never lived than my childhood neighbors, President Daniel H. Wells on the north,

and Bishop Edward Hunter on the south. Another kind

friend was Joseph B. Elder, who'recently died in the Fourteenth Ward. He had a little frame grocery store and cooper

shop which occupied the corner where now stands the GodbePitt drug store. Many and many an hour have I spent as

a child sitting in his store and chatting with him.

As I thought of the fine structure known as the "Hooper & Eldredge Block,"I recalled the familiar home of the late

Bishop Edward Hunter, which originally stood upon that ground, and scores of incidents and sayings of his which were amusing, interesting, and instructive came to my mind, prominent among them being his oftrepeated counsel, "Pay your tithing, brethren, and be blessed."Above all I recall

his wonderful kindness to me in childhood days. I thought

of the hundreds of times that I had crept through the pole fence which divided his home from ours, to play with his boys, and I also remember climbing very often the board fence south of his barn, to romp and play with one of the most beloved companions of my childhood, George Hooper, son of the late Captain William H. Hooper, who was called

to his eternal rest in his youth. Where George's home then

stood, now stands the substantial "Hooper Block."

As I looked across the street at the "Constitution Building,"I remembered the time when the "Old Constitution

Building"stood there, and as I gazed at the "Home Fire

Building,"I remembered the old "Globe Bakery,"and barber YOUNGOLD SALTMONUMENT,LAKE CITYSOUTHSCENES.TEMPLETOP: ANDDEDICATIONMAIN STREET,OF BRIGHAM1897;

shop adjoining, which occupied the site when I was but five SECOND:RETURNINGTHE SPANISHOLD GLOBEAMERICANBAKERY;WARTHIRD:VETERANS;A PARADE BOTTOM:OF THE

or six years old. SCENES OF 1847 REENACTED IN 1897.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

In looking up the street at the Pioneer Monument in stone and bronze, I recalled many, many incidents in the life of

Brigham Young, and one of them of my childhood days I will relate, as it illustrates what it is impossible to do in stone and bronze, viz: the love which filled Brigham Young's heart

for his fellowmen.

"\TUrHEN I was about six years old, in the winter of 1 862, the sleighing was very good and as I had no opportunity of cutterriding in those days, none of our family possessing a sleigh or team, boylike, I used quite frequently torun into the street, and "hang on behind"some of the outfits which passed our home, and after riding a block or two would jump off and run back.

On one of these occasions I got on the sleigh belonging to President Brigham Young, and as all who were acquainted with him know, he was very fond of a fine team, and was given to driving quite rapidly. I therefore found myself

skimming along with such speed that I dared not jump off, and after riding some time I became very cold. President

Young happening to notice me hanging on his sleigh immediately called out: "Brother Isaac, stop!"He then had

his driver, Isaac Wilson, get out and pick me up and tuck me snugly under the robes on the front seat. President

Young waited some time before saying anything to me, but finally he asked, "Are you warm?"and when I answered

"Yes,"he inquired my name and where I lived. He then

talked to me in the most kindly manner, told me how much he had loved my father and what a good man he was, and expressed the hope that I would be as good as my father.

Our conversation ended in his inviting me to come up to his office some day and have a chat with him. This I very soon

afterwards did, and from the day of this childhood acquaintance with President Young, I ever found in calling at his office or home, a most hearty welcome, and I learned not only to respect and venerate him, but to love him with an affection akin to that which I imagined I would have felt for my own father had I been permitted to know and return a father's love.

In nothing did Brigham Young shine more than in his love for children, and they repaid his love with love and confidence in him. The people of the world, who knew him

not, with their prejudices against his system of religion, no doubt think he was unworthy of respect, but those who, like myself, have known and loved him since childhood, can testify of his goodness and of his love for his fellows, and to be able to do this is of greater moment than to join in any degree of praise that may be accorded him on the score of his great achievements.

It would take too much space for me to relate all the feelings and memories that crowded upon each other while sitting in the Z. C. M. I. window looking upon the SemiCentennial

procession as it passed down East Temple Street, carrying with it the evidences of the peace, prosperity, progress, and happiness of the present day; nor can I write all I thought

and felt as I contemplated the trials of the Pioneers as recollections of them were awakened by the passing of one of their "reproduced trains;"and the float of the "Sea Gulls,"that

brought up the remembrance of the mighty deliverance from starvation wrought out by these whitewinged messengers of

God destroying the crickets, which otherwise would have devoured the first crop of the Pioneers, and left them to perish of hunger in the wilderness.

This article is already long enough, but I can not close without saying that the grand celebration of Utah's SemiCentennial was worthy of Utah's Pioneers; an honor to

those who managed it; and on the other hand, the Utah

Pioneers were worthy of just such a magnificent celebration.OLD SALT LAKE CITY SCENES. TOP: AN OLD MULE CAR AND

AND TEMPLE SOUTH AT CARRIAGEHORSEDRAWN MAIN HEBER J. GRANT.

Z. C. M. I. J THIRD: OF PICTURESTREETS; SECOND: AN EARLY

THE OLD CONSTITUTION BUILDING; FOURTH: LOOKING EAST

ON FIRST SOUTH TOWARD THE SALT LAKE THEATRE; BOTTOM:

BATHING AT BLACK ROCK IN 1S80.

RTY YEAR

of CHAN By GLYNN BENNION Of the Church Historian's Office

Cince the "Era"first saw the light of day the world has seen more changes than in many centuries before some in the name of progress and some in the name of

LESS WORTHY THINGS. BUT MAN'S USE OF ALL IMPROVEMENTS

IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THE MATERIAL THINGS OF WHICH

PROGRESS IS MADE.

were upon the highways of the these are studded with service staUnited States, snorting along at tions from whose nozzles this year

I. deathdefying speeds of from eight will be poured eighteen billion galour eminence of forty rungs to twelve miles an hour. Each year lons of gasoline—such a river ofFrom since that time has seen astonishing gasoline as will presently empty our

up the ladder of time since The improvement in the economy of progreat underground reservoirs of oil.

Improvement Era took the duction, comfort, speed, and beauty In automobiling the native Yankee vacated place of the old Contributor, of the automobile, until today the urge to get somewhere else fast has let us take a retrospective look at face of the land is covered with milfound a glorious release, and we some of the things that have been lions of them, scurrying, darting have become a nation on wheels.

happening in the meantime. It may back and forth like a great swarm Descendants of pioneer "wagon

help us to answer the questions: of frantic black beetles, crazily intramps"now follow the seasonalWhere are we going?—and—How tent on their foolish errands. cycle of work and climate in trailers,

fast are we getting there? In forty years the automobile inand the perils and hazards seemingIn many respects the past forty dustry has grown from scratch to ly requisite to mortal life which once

years have been the most wonderthe second largest business in the were furnished by savages and wild ful in the history of mankind. Surely country, involving billions of dolanimals are now furnished by the

the prophet Daniel glimpsed our lars in wealth. Over twentyeight speed demon. A speeding motorist

time when he saw in the last days million motor cars are now in use can now cover more miles in twenty a people running to and fro under in the United States, and the wholeminutes than his grandfather could the stimulus of a great increase of sale value of new cars and accesmake in a day; but blood stains and

knowledge. Greater scientific adsories produced and sold last year shattered glass mark the smooth,

vances have been made during the was nearly four billion dollars. straight highways, and annually in

past half century than during all With this rapid growth has come the United States forty thousand the rest of recorded history. A a coincident expansion of the oil lives are fed into this modern,

catalogue of the new mechanical apbusiness and an era of road building. streamlined Moloch.

pliances of this period is breathThe continent is now banded with taking. So rapidly has this tremenpaved highways that reach from MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY, IN THE LATE

dous release of inventive energy coast to coast, and the edges of SECONDNINETEENTHSOUTHCENTURY.STREET.)(LOOKING NORTH FROM

propelled us into the machine age that the social and spiritual progress of the human family has apparently failed to keep pace with technological advance, and to some thinkers has come the fear that the new machinery will turn out to be a Frankenstein monster instead of a blessing. Let us examine, first, a few of

the late outstanding inventions:

II.

"Dy 1897 the horseless carriage (the first one had been built by Elwood Haynes four years earlier had captured the imagination of the public and was rapidly advancing toward the factory stage of production. Two years later at least

three hundred of these gasolineburning, horsescaring contraptions

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

III. make both day and night hideous

Tn 1897, a twentythree year old with the shrieks of dying gun jittery molls, beat the of swing

Italian, Guglielmo Marnamed fiendish of wailing the bands, and forconi, several years been had who fatuous love anemic songs which electhatintrigued the theory an by the will increase advertisers hope tric current given in a when started sales cigarettes, of coffee, and patentdirection course follows a direct without the assistance of a concure-alls. And yet this thing called

ductor, was busy perfecting an apradio, properly used, spreads tidings paratus for wireless telegraphy. of truth over the face of the earth

With a sensitive detector, capable in the twinkling of an eye and brings of picking up ever so faint etheric men together in the common bond vibrations, he was able in 1901 to of the common heritage of the good receive wireless messages at Signal things of earth.

Hill, Newfoundland, originating at IV.

Poldhu station in England. So successful was he, in fact, that the pictures had a beginningAngloAmerican Cable Company, M[otionin Thomas A. Edison's ingenifearing for their trade, compelled ous idea of capitalizing on a defect

him to leave Newfoundland! of the human eye called "persistence

These achievements in wireless of vision."He noted that an imprestelegraphy greatly stimulated elecsion on the retina lingers for a fiftieth

trical engineers experimenting in the part of a second after the scene with picture are the most recent field of wireless telephony, and soon exciting the impression has been improvements added to motion pic- a new race of geniuses sprang up removed. Accordingly, as early as tures, this new form of the drama

all over the country speaking of 1879 he began experimenting with which has all but crowded the legiti- "audions"and "oscillions"and other a lantern he called the "kinetomate theatre off the earth, and which words no layman can underscope,"an instrument by which in the United States weekly attracts stand, but very evidently meaning many separate pictures per second a throng equal to twothirds of the what they said, for by 1915 they were projected upon a screen, the entire population of the country.

were able to transmit speech without interval during the change of picNo device ever invented has more the aid of wires from Arlington to tures being so brief that to the eye power for affecting the manners and

Paris, a distance of 3,600 miles. In it appeared one continuous presenthought of the public than the

the wake of these achievements tation. The requirement of delicate movies. There is reason, therefore,

mushroom factories sprang up everyprecision in this machine, now called for anxiety regarding the morals where making radio receiving sets the cinematograph, was served by and tastes of the public in the hands for individual use; a Federal comthe Lumiere brothers of Paris, who of mercenary czars whose chief

mission had to be added to the alin 1 895 effected several improvestudy often is an analysis of the ready overstuffed bureaus of Washments, and by 1911, with the addihuman weakness for being humington to regulate conflicting sendtion of the multiple reel feature, the bugged by cheap thrills.

ing stations, and now 25,000,000 sets contrivance was ready to promote throughout the United States may the vast new enterprise called the V.

motion picture business. Techni-

A SCENE BEFORE EAGLE GATE, 1S72. color and the synchronizing of voice Tn THE popular mind Edison is best

remembered for the incandescent light, the phonograph, and the cinematograph, but the Patent Office shows that he was concerned with hundreds of other inventions, including the typewriter, the mimeograph, electric dynamo, railway signal system, motion picture camera, and photographic films, automobile starter, process for making plate glass, process for constructing concrete buildings, the electric lantern, and synthetic rubber. His discovery

of most profound importance was perhaps that of the flow of electrons from hot filaments made during his early experiments with lamps, for from this observation has come the electronic tube, which in its myriad forms underlies radio broadcasting, longdistance telephoning, sound pictures, television, the electric eye, a host X-ray, of other deand:: -!-;.-. si);; s <% the IHHlN >. ".;. vices. States Congress, United The

<:::::..: ''">:: in striking a medal for him in 1928,

placed a value of nearly sixteen

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

billion dollars on his inventive conand to extend his dominion everyardo da Vinci, made designs of a tributions to humanity. where, he has from the beginning flapwing affair, a helicopter, and a

nursed the confidence that he would glider in the fifteenth century. But

VI. some day learn how to fly. The it was not until thirtyfour years

"pVER since man first realized that first thinkers of whom history gives ago that a human being was carried he was condemned to crawl on account seriously proposed methods from the ground in actual flight by the earth's crust for want of wings of aerial navigation. Archimedes, mechanical means. On December

he has watched with envy the glorithe Greek mathematician who lived 17, 1903, amid the Kill Devil sandous flight of birds. And being really several centuries before Christ, eshills of North Carolina, Wilbur and

a supernatural creature, as proved tablished the principles of mechanOrville Wright flew 852 feet in a by his rankling ambition to learn the ical flight which are now successkite-like apparatus which they had secrets of immortality, to move befully applied. The Duke of Milan's constructed after long study of all

yond the bounds of his environment, dazzling jackof-alltrades, Leonthe accumulated theories of flight.

This was the birth of the airplane.

Two years later these pioneer airmen made a nonstop flight of twentyfour miles, the airplane remaining aloft thirtyeight minutes.

In 1909, the Frenchman, Bleriot, flew across the English Channel in twentythree minutes. In 1911,

Rogers crossed the United States in an airplane in fortynine days. In

1919, Alcock and Brown made the first nonstop flight across the Atlantic. In 1924, the U. S. Army

commenced the famous "Round the

World"flight in May which was completed in August. During the

same year Lieutenant Russell Maughan flew from New York to San Francisco in twentyone hours.

In 1927, Lindbergh flew from New

York to Paris, 3,600 miles, in thirtythree hours. In 1933, Wiley Post

flew around the world in seven days.

In 1936, regular airmail service across the Pacific was inaugurated, and airlines within the United States carried 1,140,000 passengers.

No generation has been privileged to see so heroic a spectacle as we have seen enacted in the clouds by our pioneer pilots, most of whom fell to their deaths to advance the science of flying. What a horrible

thought that all this inventive energy and sacrifice of gallant young lives may be misused to provide war lords

MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY, 193637.

(LOOKING SOUTH FROM NEAR COLLEGE

AVENUE.) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

:-:........-...:.:... P.$8Z$:."....'..::..':;'..'.::: '::.: 5?. y y-iy-.i the raging seas that pounded their

bobbing crafts, they did so much preaching and praying on those long voyages that more than one crew, captain and all, were converted and came on with the Saints to Zion.

IX.

Tn the realm of building activity and architecture the outstanding feature of the past forty years has been the introduction of structural steel, which made possible the era of skyscrapers. There seems to be

no limit to the height of these buildings, for every decade has seen them going higher and higher. The

latest of these great ones is the

Empire State Building of New York, twelve hundred feet high, the tallest

CAR FAMILIAR A MULE DRAWN TO SALT LAKE

CITY UNTIL STREETS LAST CENdays. In 1 856, the Persia, a steambuilding on earth. The modern LATE IN THE

TURY. ship, made the crossing from New trend in American building is in the

York to Queenstown in nine days. direction of exterior simplicity of

with the means to rain bombs on In 1 909, the Lusitania made the same line and form and inner utility and noncombatants! crossing in four days, eleven hours, comfort. This is particularly true

fortytwo minutes. In 1935 the iVorin the building of nouses, in which

VII. mandie, 1029 feet long, 79,280 tons, a decided revolt is noted against the

"\7ast wealth invested in railroad crossed from New York to Land's jigsaw horrors of the nineteenth equipment must be scrapped End, 200 miles beyond Queenstown, century and a return to the simple, whenever new ideas are put into in four days, three hours. unostentatious beauty of both Engeffect, but nevertheless the railroads The modern ocean liner is really lish and Spanish colonial designs.

have been increasing speed, reducing a small floating city, the last word With scientific attention to economy weight of carriers, and otherwise in safe, speedy, luxurious travel. of space, economy of housekeeping,

plumbing, remechanicaleffecting in freight economies a contrast between such maindoor and What frigeration, furnace heat or aircon-passenger Tariffs haulage. have jestic ships little old and the "tubs"

been generally lowered; new steamof threehundred-passenger capacditioning, these modern houses are

line passenger trains have been ity which carried many of the very satisfactory places'to live in.

built which in some cases weigh less founders of Mormon families from This return to colonial design is colonists inAmerican oldthan one Pullman car; DieselLiverpool in to Orleans from significant. New

arcluded many fine OldWorldelectric steamelectric and power six to months! weeks two Each

tisans loved beauty sought and whounits tried have been in place of carried family food, bedding, its own it in to plant land. beBut the newponderous, oldstyle locomotives, fuel journey, for the and took and

and speeds of ninety to one hundred turns doing its own cooking. What (Concluded on page 726)

ten miles an hour have been achievwith zeal for the Gospel and fear of RAIL TRANSPORTATION DELUXE, 1937.

ed. In passenger cars many new

refinements of comfort have been installed, including airconditioning.

VIII.

Cince the building of Dominie Peter's "Great Ship of three hundred tons burthen,"which was launched at Salem, Massachusetts, in 1641, there has continued a dramatic shipbuilding race between the rival maritime nations, with more or less constant progress in the size and speed of vessels. But it was not

until the era of steel, commencing in the nineties that really big ships could be built which could withstand the crushing blows of the great storm waves against their sides and would not break in two when poised athwart the crest of a "big one"or lying across the trough between two waves. The record for

fastsailing packets between New

York and Liverpool was twentyone

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

cJke Story of [Posey, JLast

[PahLite (Outlaw

By ALBERT R. LYMAN ONE OF OLD POSEY'S RARE

AND LATER PICTURES.

could learning recently installed telephones in lawless gun, and the wild by and how the could communities be separated by cutting wires. be used and how Mexico, Arizona,THEregionSTORYof Fourcorners,THUS FAR:whereDownUtah, New

and Colorado come together, more than half a century ago Kit Thus prepared, he returned to his old ways with a vengeance.

Carson rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Fe, In the midst of this situation Poke's son, Tsene-gat, was accused

New Mexico, to keep them there in the "bullpen"for three years. of robbing and killing a sheepherder. Peace officers came to

While the Navajos were being thus harshly disciplined, a disarrest him. In the skirmish that followed, both PahUtes and

affected handful of PahUtes broke away from their tribe north whites were killed. Posey had treacherously used a flag of truce

of the San Juan River and took possession of Navajo Mountain to protect himself while he gained shooting position. General

in Navajo territory. When the Navajos came back, these PahHugh L. Scott was sent out from Washington to represent the

lite renegades refused to vacate the Navajo country and bad government in this tragedy. Poke, Posey, Tsene-gat, and Jess

blood resulted. Sowagerie (Posey) the central character of this Posey were taken to Denver for trial. Royally treated and exstory was a child of one of the PahUte renegades. He grew up onerated, they were released by the government and sent home.

in a cradle of anarchy. Bitseel, a son of the ousted Navajo, was This generous treatment they interpreted as an act of weakness,

Posey's most bitter enemy. In the midst of this tense situation in and began to plan further misdeeds. With an increasing belief

1879, a colony of Mormons was sent down to settle the San Juan in his own immunity from all punishment, Posey acquired another country, largely for the purpose of improving relationships with long range gun, traveled a long distance to purchase a horse that the Indians. Thales Haskel was their chief interpreter—a man was superior to anything in the San Juan region, and in other

skilled in Indian dialect and psychology. But the Navajos and ways prepared for the inevitable conflict that was destined to

PahUtes continued to prey upon each other and upon the Mormon come. His preparations, however, were interrupted by another

settlement. During one skirmish when cowboy avengers scattered gambling affray with Bitseel in which Posey's prize horse was

the tribe, the renegade son, Sowagerie, was momentarily sepinvolved and from which he extricated himself by striking Bitseel arated from the tribe with Toorah, little sister of Poke, the Pahwith the butt of a revolver and dashing for freedom—thus postUte leader. This brief interlude marked the beginning of a poning another final meeting. The October installment describes

smoldering romance that caused Sowagerie bravely to change his Posey's activities in organizing and firing to violence the hoodlumname to Posey and vainly dress himself in fine clothes, braid his element of the tribe—an element, which having been inspired to

hair, and put on war paint. This interest in his little sister, violence proved embarrassingly difficult even for Posey to control.

however, was relentlessly disapproved by Poke, who looked upon Finally Pahneab, a young leader of the hoodlum element, was the "apostate"Posey as "Skunk,"and so referred to him. During arrested with Dutchie's boy and brought to trial for holding up a

one period of tribal disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, sheepherder at gun's point. Posey entered the schoolhottse courtdisappeared with her brothers, and all Posey's searchings for her room and during the noon recess aided the defendants to break

were in vain. Posey finally secured vague information concerning for liberty, with Sheriff Oliver in full pursuit.

Toorah's whereabouts, and these two lovers madly dashed to interrupted, together soun Their wasfreedom. freedom new found

their place. Chapter XIX The Big Stir hiding accidentally stumbled upon Pokehowever, when

But he was in trouble and his ugly threatening gave way to surly compromise. Posey now entered upon the most recklessly happy

part of his life. But shortly later, in an act of playfulness, occurred

greatest shooting belovedthe tragedy It stir of Posey's of his life—the big on! the as had come was T..he

his hand. sorrow was morewife His unbounded by made own it of of the sharp crack whip, a Pahfound most and

brother,terrible pursuit the Poke. Toorah's avenging But by of

killing at other stores the time Utes lounging or around tothe circumstances enabled under save which Posey met two

Poke's life, wherefore Posey was relieved of further vengeance places in town. Many of them knew nothing even

on that score by agreeing to pay a high indemnity and by agreeing yet of what had happened.

disagreeable another superannuated marry of Poke's sisters—a (Dutchie's Dutchietoats boy) Posey and When career circumstance another began ofmaiden—whichto into heckling ran panting camp, in an uproar everything wasevil. settlers Later captured a handful Bluff from of Mormon

Posey in a humiliating manner, put him in irons and brought him at once. Pahneab had dashed by on the black mare

before a justice of the peace, where he was bound over to appear and was bringing the horses from the sagebrush flat session laterat court. the the district next a ruse Posey of By lose. to beyond. be gone! Posey must They No time exileescaped shaken Mountain. went into and was at Navajo He

their orders. to give of imperious most But dared now first justice his personal with experience white sent man'sby and

word to the inhabitants of Bluff, asking their forgiveness and people loafed stupidly somewhere in town. Parts of

pledging to mend his ways. The charges were withdrawn and families there at the wickiups fumed and cried for

to returned the behavior. onPosey community temporary good still fathers or children or wives or brothers in Blandhis exile terror the to as the humiliation beganBut fade, of of it

ing. Oliver turned from the of the back had edge in his greater that mind, steps to seeloomed he took and it would

not happen again by going to Colorado to purchase a long range trees, but he would get help and be after them.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

Then some of their people arrived Poke for their leader! The idea!

all Posey had done! His bloodbreathless from town,—wild, terAfter

rified. They reported that every boiled.

white man in Blanding was running And the inevitable second wife majority, makpopular the with was to ride horses her broththreat veiled of what ing a first gun—gettingin sight, the very—anyfor his horses

they could find. er would do if he were left out. Also,

Pahneab came pellmell with the a-plenty would happen to them if ponies from the flat, and everybody they went without him, even if he in camp ran to get his rope on his did nothing. They lacked little of

animals to pack up and be gone. open mutiny right there and then.

Teegre sprang to the back of his buckskin and raced away to the east jl osey knew they must rim of West Water at the edge of go on in spite of everything; they

town where he called in long and must go even if he had to yield a penetrating tones to his people, point; and he did yield a very dear

"Whooeeh-eeh! Tospon pikey! point, almost amounting to the abTooish apane!"His magnificent dication of his imperial ambition. He

voice carried far through the cool sent a messenger telling Poke to spring air, but his people in town, meet them, and then instead of getthough they heard, had been hurting off to the west nearer the Old riedly rounded up by determined Trail, they had to turn east to meet men who ordered them not to move the old bear at Recapture.

a foot. JESS POSEY, SON OF OLD POSEY Posey wanted very much to have

As Teegre returned on the keen Poke with them, but not to superjump, Joe Bishop, heavy, perspirgetting his ponderous weight in the sede him. He knew that one grunt

ing, and panting from undue haste saddle, and starting on the reeking from the old grizzly was worth more came dragging up from West Watrail of the goats and the ponies, than forty fighting men, but Posey ter. He said he was the last man the white men at his heels. had a more cherished reason than

to escape the roundup and get out Pahneab's father had no intention that for wanting the old cavalier in of town; fifty or more of their peoof giving his son away. He figured the ranks of the big stir.ple were prisoners—men standing that once among the thick trees he Poke, more than any other man

over them with guns. No use to could dodge out of sight, and hurin the tribe had been the author of

wait longer for them. rying forward to his people he all the big fights hitherto, and PoImpotent haste and frightened could tell them who and how many sey had got a place in them only

confusion reigned in camp. They were in pursuit. But when he dodgby inviting himself, and then he had

cinched saddles on squirming, proed, Dave Black dodged after him, to march in the mean tail of the patesting cayuses; they piled beds and and Dave had to jab him fiercely in rade. Now, as the prime mover of

provisions and supplies on the sadthe ribs with the muzzle of his gun this big event, he had a great amdles in bunglesome heaps. They to convince him the only way to save bition to invite the old bear to ocurged their motley flocks of goats his life was to go back with Black cupy a place in the ranks behind

up from the groves of oak in the to the roundup in town. him.

canyon, expecting every minute to Three miles down West Water Yet, after this mutinous display, be attacked by the men from the Point, Posey and his fugitives stopwith half his people under arrest, town. ped behind a barrier of big rocks and the second wife carrying on as

They must be off. "Tooish to consider. Which way should terribly as a hen with one chicken,

apane! Tooish apane!"commanded they go, and at what point should he would be delighted to have the

the general impatiently. they enter The Big Trail? The Big old grizzly take the whole infernal

But how could they start on The Trail was to the west, and the genmess off his hands. As the brains of

Old Trail with nearly half their eral wanted to turn that way at three riproaring wars, and with at people held as prisoners in town to once. He was met again by the least seven dead men to his credit,

become possible hostages pending popular howl about the people held Poke could paw this mutinous herd theference—theyoutcome of themusttrouble?go. PoseyNo difasfightersprisonersof thein tribetown. wereThe there,best intodo hislineraggedand compelbest. every man to

would come back in the night and Scotty among them. And they The messenger left at once forget the prisoners—it was a promshould by all means have Poke to Yellow Jacket, leaning forward on

ise "Tooish apane!"be their leader. his speeding horse, and the outfit

They mounted in a panic of suspushed on towards Recapture. Late

pense and headed wildly for the in the afternoon they stopped to nearest cover of thick treses and take a much needed lunch at the rocks to the south. Joe Bishop, pufold cabin on Murphy Point.

fing and palpitating with his fat and In ten minutes Sheriff"Oliver and trying to get his saddle on his fidghis little posse appeared at the field ety pony, was left behind. He gate to the north of them. The posse

hadn't got the blamed thing in place was rather too far away for a shot, when Bill Oliver and half a dozen but Posey plowed up the dust in armed men rode into camp. front of them as a gentle hint to

"Where's your boy?"demanded wait a little while. The PahUtes

the sheriff. behind the cabin rushed their re-

"I show you."Old Joe panted, {Continued on page 714)

THE FOUR PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH UNDER

WHOSE ADMINISTRATIONS "THE IMPROVEMENT

ERA"HAS CONTINUED ITS CHURCHWIDE

MISSION; LEFT TO RIGHT: WILFORD WOODRUFF, LORENZO SNOW, JOSEPH F. SMITH, AND

HEBER J. GRANT. YEARS of 40 SERVICE

By HARRISO R.MERRILL

Director, Extension Division, B. Y. U Member

of the General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A.,

and Former Managing Editor of "The Improvement Era."this number of The ImWhenprovement Era reaches the

hands of its readers in all Ctarted without capital at a time when the parts of the world, the magazine will Church was in deep financial despair, "The be successfully launched upon its Improvement Era"has served a growing worldwide organforty-first year of service, for Noization DURING THE ADMINISTRATIONS OF FOUR PRESIDENTS vember is the birthday month of the of the Church.

publication which, for forty years, has been near and dear to hundreds Through four stormy decades the "Era has of thousands of Latterday Saints SOUNDED A SAFE COURSE.

in all the world.

Though the magazine has been a constant, steady, hopeful, courduring the Pioneer Jubilee year, the is scarcely a nation or a people or ageous, and inspiring voice in a magazine has grown to be a fully an island of the sea that is not vischanging and often muddled and developed, mature, dignified, and ited by this bearer of truth and good darkened world, if Professor Pitmuch-loved adult in the prime of life tidings.

kin's famous statement, "Life beand service. Nurtured and loved It is of more than passing intergins at forty,"is true, then this and watched over by some of the est, really of great significance, that

number launches the magazine upon best and ablest leaders of the there is one man who has been a career that will far transcend that Church, it has become an influential closely identified with the magazine of the past forty years, glorious as organ with an important message that has been. for all the world, and due to conFrom a tiny infant without ancestinued effort of those who have had "THEPAST EDITORSIMPROVEMENTAND ASSOCIATEERA,"LEFTEDITORSTO RIGHT:OF

tors, unless the old Contributor its destinies in charge, it is taking JOSEPH ANDERSON,F. SMITH,HUGH J.B. CANNON,H. ROBERTS,ELSIEEDWARDTALMAGEH.

could be called an ancestor, born that message to all the world. There BRANDLEY, HARRISON R. MERRILL.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

ASSISTANTS:PAST BUSINESS MANAGERS AND first position. to appointed time a The in of 1897, be dents the Church. Begun HULL,HEBER ALPHA THOMAS of a disorganization was when there was J. J.MORONIGRANT,HIGGS, BALLARD,J. MELVIN SNOW, President Woodruff Wilford when the general superintendency of the Mutual B.0. PETERSON. continTrustee-inTrust, it has was Associations the of Improvement because

ued through the administrations of failure of one of the men in that superinsince the beginning. It was largely Presidents Lorenzo Snow and Jotendency to retain his standing in one of the

owing to his force and drive that seph F. Smith, and for nearly

the Era was born at all and that it nineteen years during the administuthas continued to grow in the face tration of President Heber J. Grant.

of many difficulties. That man is During all of that time, President

President Heber J. Grant, first busiGrant has been either business manIMPROVEMENT

ness manager and present senior ager or editor of the magazine, which ERA.

editor. is as dear to him as a living person- \\. %

Forty years ago when the magaality. m.

zine was without funds and when He held the position of manager there were no funds to be had from until the death of President Joseph the Church, which was then in dire F. Smith, when he was made editorfinancial distress, President Grant inchief with Edward H. Anderson

His manager. made businesswas assistant as BalMelvin and with

zeal carried the all parts of him into the lard as business manager. AndJ.

Church and there he preached Imeditor's chair he still dignifies.

provement Era. Thousands have

heard him tell, in a semiserious and The history of The Improvement semihumorous manner, many of the Era is a story of faith and works experiences which were his during united in a most efficient manner.

those early years of desperate strugThe Contributor, a magazine which gle for existence. had been in circulation among the

Saints years, for seventeen was dislived during magazine has The continued in the fall for?*u hv4 *9*th<::.: i:.-.*?Uftit t.'of 1896, presifour administrations ofthe

lack of support, leaving the Church with through no magazine A MINIATURE which the COVER REPRODUCTION OF

I. VOLUME I, NUMBER youngM. I. A.THEHEADS"ERA"UNDERHASWHOSEBEEN ADMINISTRAPUBLISHED.TIONS be effectively men could

RIGHT, FIRSTLEFT TO W1LF0RD WOODROW: reached. This loss soon keenly was F. SMITH, SNOW, JOSEPH LORENZORUFF, high in positions the Church. I got down W. IVINS; ROW: SECOND GEORGEANTHONY felt. President writes: Grant

I to call I. A.), knees and asked the Lord (Y. W. M. SMITH, FOX on my me MAY RUTHALBERT

ALBERT E. BOWEN, AND GEORGE Q. MORRIS. Twice in my life I prayed to the Lord to to be one of the superintendency of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. The Contributor was a very splendid magazine, one of the very finest magazines the Church has published.... It

had died a natural death because of the lack of support on the part of the people. We

had no magazine, and there were no meetings of the general board, except that they met once in about every six months. I

realized that they ought to meet every week, that they should come together and converse and work out programs. I prayed

to the Lord that I might be chosen as one of the general superintendency. The very

next day when I was in the president's office, President Joseph F. Smith said to

President Woodruff who was then also

General Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I.

A.: "Brother Woodruff, I believe you

ought to have two other counselors in the superintendency of the Young Men's Mutual. I suggest that Brother Grant here

and Brother B. H. Roberts be counselors as

well as myself."... We immediately called a meeting and we considered the proposition of starting The Improvement Era....

At that time, the Church was in debt and without credit, and almost

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937 nounced as Joseph F. Smith and B. H,

Roberts.

At that early time, before a single magazine was printed, the subscription price was set at two dollars a year. Several members of

the General Board at that time were also members of the Council of the

Twelve and the First Council of the Seventy; they took the matter up in quarterly conferences

which they attended and in other

STAFF, PRESENTTHE LEFT EDITORIAL "ERA"

J. A. ways assisted the campaign. ThoughTO RIGHT: JOHN HEBER GRANT AND

WIDTSOE, EDITORS; RICHARD L. EVANS, WANAGING EDITOR; MARBA C. JOSEPHSON, ASSOCIATE EDITOR. FIRST HOME OF THE mm

at its lowest ebb financially. No "ERA",BUILDING, TEMPLETONSOUTH

funds were available for such a TEMPLESTREETS, ANDSALT MAINLAKE project, the committee was informCITY.

ed by the office of the Trusteein-

Trust. However, plans were formulated in the late summer of 1 897 for

launching a magazine. Said President Roberts in an account he wrote

of the matter, twentyeight years later: The strong assertion that those who supposed that we had no capital with which to begin the publication of the organ for the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association were entirely mistaken. Our

capital was the interest of the young men of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints in the Mutual cause; and that had

President Roberts could not remember the number or the personnel of all the campaigning companies, he

OF THE HOME ANOTHER OFhas left us a delightful paragraph PRESIDENT'S OLD "ERA",

THE FICE BETWEEN LION or two telling of the activities of his

BEEHIVE HOUSE AND THE HOUSE. (THE "ERA"WAS own company. He says:

ALSO HOUSED FOR SEVERAL IN YEARS THE PRESIDING of canvassers with which company The

BUILDING.) BISHOP'S writer assigned the a was associated was

group of counties in northern Utah and southern Idaho, and their tour occupied only to be appealed to and drawn upon The general outline of that plan, as I something more than a month or six weeks in order to be sufficient and permanent in recall it, was first of all to adopt a name, and was somewhat typical of other groups the maintenance of the Young Men's orhave the management and editorial staff who went upon the same mission.

gan. It was urged with complete confiappointed, and then send out campaigning Our territory consisted of the Afton

dence that if our case were fittingly precompanies into all the territory occupied sented to the young men of the Church, by the Church organizations to solicit suband our determination to publish such an scriptions. The business management was BUSINESS STAFF OF THE PRESENT ERA. LEFT

Q. MORRIS, MANRIGHT: GEORGE GENERAL enthusiastic that in the strong could placed capable and enough,organ was we A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA ASSOCIATE hands TOAGER,

as manager, capital the Grant, oursupply with Thomof Heber young by asking J. 0RT0N, BUSINESS MANMANAGER, JOHN K.

men for a one year's subscription to the as Hull, assistant, and the editors were anAGER.

magazine, strictly in advance, and before any numbers were printed at all....

That was rather a unique plan for raising capital, and many were the predictions of failure should we attempt to execute it!

But the committee in charge were then young men, and represented at that time the spirit of faith and confidence in things undertaken, characteristic of the young men of the Church; and so the plan, with

some misgiving, was assented to, and a campaign for raising the capital was planned, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

in which Hull and myself sometimes swelled the chorus, seemed to be taken as currency for the large draughts of buttermilk and lunches our company consumed.

Everywhere our public meetings were well attended, subscriptions for the forthcoming magazine rolled up on every hand.

In other parts of the Church territory, as well as in ours, the young men of Israel everywhere responded to this appeal, and became the capital, the only capital with which the magazine started.

But despite this loyal and ready

Y. M. M. I. A. COMMITTEE WHO PLANNED THE

PRESENT ENLARGED "ERA". LEFT TO RIGHT:

GEORGE Q. MORRIS, CHAIRMAN; JOHN D.

GILES, STRING AM A. STEVENS.

Stake, in Wyoming, Bear Lake and Oneida

Stakes, Idaho, and Cache Stake, Utah.

The personnel of our party consisted of RIGHT: ANOTHER OF

the late Robert Easton, and his wife JeanTHE HOMES OF "THE

ERA,"47 IMPROVEMENT his Hull Easton, and Thomasette Young SO. SALT TEMPLE, EAST

Hull,wife Douglas Todd, Margaret M. CITY. LAKE

Viola Pratt Gillett and her mother, Mrs. Photo by D. F. Davis.

LEFT: PRESENT HOME OF response, the financing and business

"THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,"management of The Improvement 50 NORTH MAIN STREET, Era continued to be a burdensome SALT LAKE CITY.

Photo by Homer Wakefield. task, and President Grant began a

campaign of solicitation by personal letter for subscribers and donors. In

this activity he used his energies and his private means, and the enMilando Pratt, Walter S. Lamoreaux, and at their best. Something in the outdoor ergies of his family. His home, then

myself. Those who are acquainted with life, and meeting in the homes, seemed to on Second East Street in Salt Lake

the personnel of this company will at once give a touch of romance to our undertakCity, was ofttimes converted into a ing. for its singing strong cheerful,surmise that it was Everyone and was we often veritable mailing room, with the

of in thetalent, especially in their personages serenading "Bob"in went people homes

Easton, Viola Pratt Gillett, Mrs. Margaret outof-theway places. There "Bob"EasPresident's children folding and

Hull, and Mr. Lamoreaux. They were to ton, in Scotch songs, and Viola Pratt Gilsealing while he signed thousands

give concerts and the rest of us were to lett, in sentimental ones, with solos by of letters.

represent the prose proposition of raising Sister Hull, and duets and trios thrown in the.Era's capital.... for good measure, in which Lamoreaux (Continued on page 720)

Easton and his associate singers were joined, together with choruses and hymns

Its arrival in fardistant lands is eagerly watched for.

It is clean, it is wholesome, it is refreshing, and a delight to its thousands of subscribers.

The First Council of The Seventy,

By Rufus K. Hardy.

HTwo score years of splendid service in the presentation of interesting and instructive subjects, beginning with the jubilee year of this Commonwealth, justifies most cordial felicitations to this important magazine and to all who have contributedWe honorto itsespeciallysuccess. an outstanding character—

the first Business Manager and present Editorin-Chief and President of the Church, Heber J.

Grant.

T'he Improvement Era is to be congratulated, His courage and persistence, his generosity and after forty years, on its fine appearance. Inenthusiasm have been large factors in carrying

deed, it is so bright and attractive that one is forward this publication in the trying days of its tempted, no matter how busy he may be, to pause early existence.

and investigate. Opening the magazine and turnMay this magazine continue its outstanding

ing to the title page his eye would immediately career!

catch this extraordinary line: "The Glory of God The Presiding Bishopric,

Is Intelligence."By Sylvester Q. Cannon.

And glancing over the... contents and...

finding them to be of the very highest character he It gives the Relief Society great pleasure to exwould be led to exclaim, "Now I know why The tend congratulations to The Improvement Era on

Improvement Era is so widely read and so popular the fortieth anniversary of its founding. It is

throughout the Church, and even beyond its impossible to estimate the power for good it has borders."been among the people; a source of enlightenment

The investigator would not be long in discoverand of entertainment.

ing that the editorials written by President Heber * * *

J. Grant and John A. Widtsoe, Editors; Richard At this interesting period, may the thought be

L. Evans, Managing Editor, and Marba C. Joexpressed, that the sympathetic understanding of

sephson, Associate Editor, add interest and the needs of the hour, the vision, courage and faith strength to this important magazine. The ultimate of the past, continue to direct its course for the

success of a publication depends in part upon the next forty years.

general management. In the management of the General Board of Relief Society,

Era the investigator would recognize the splendid By Louise Y. Robison.

work being done by George Q. Morris, General

Manager; Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate ManTThe Deseret Sunday School Union in its 89th

ager, and J. K. Orton, Business Manager. year, applauds The Improvement Era for its

May signal success attend the coming forth 40 illustrious years of building faith and fervor each month of The Improvement Era, is the ardent into the characters of Latterday Saints. It is a

wish of glorious record for your magazine. So long as such

The Council of the Twelve. excellence marks your performance, we shall be

By Rudger Clawson, President. cheering for you.

-——Cordially yours,

\X/e desire to congratulate the Era upon its forty Geo. D. Pyper,

years of successful achievement. Milton Bennion,

A thing well born is well on its way to success. Geo. R. Hill, Jr.

Its impetus has never diminished since its foundGeneral Superintendency.

er and business manager, President Heber J.

Grant, and its first editor, President Joseph F. A magazine is successful in proportion to the

Smith, launched it forth on its errand of home friends it makes. The Improvement Era numbers

educational enlightenment and its missionary its friends in the thousands because of its inspiring, career. enlightening, and helpful messages. The Primary

Being in touch with the missionary activities Association is happy to be numbered among its of the Church, we can truthfully say that the Era admiring friends and takes pleasure in extending is and has been a messenger of joy, peace, and congratulations and abundant good wishes for its comfort to the missionaries in the field and the continued success.

disseminator of the Latterday Gospel truths to The General Board of the many not yet of our faith. Primary Association.

TWO BROTHERS A SHORT SHORT and mud. were like people They have Mud who and STORY OF THE

futility. dreadrain. SorrowFLunand and for been separated a long time and

Men with courage and men with ETERNAL CONFLICT find words painful. They just stood

fear. So this was the front! and looked at each other. It got on

My sensations on going over the my nerves, the way they kept standtop? At first I thought of home. HELEN TENNA TYREE ing there. Silent. Deathlike. The

Pastel skies, cool mountains, green dark one kept on trying to sneer, but there was a heartbroken lookfields. Then—into a hell of ricocheting lead! A symphony of death! about him—like someone foreverThe battlefield was a tumbled chaos doomed—someone forever lost...

of broken bodies. Dismembered lost in a world of nameless shadsouls drifted in the cannon smoke. ows and horror! I felt sorry for

Chatter... chatter... an unending him. He turned to go.

rhythm—was that machine guns or The other stopped him.my teeth chattering? Some of the "So—we meet again, my brothboys ran ahead of me. The mowing er!"There was the gentleness of

got them—over like wheat they went

long time."—sliced off—-quick—easy. My feet prayer in that voice. "It's been a

snagged on bodies. I kept on going. Still the dark one didn't answer.

No telling—I might be next. "My brother!"the shining one

into the sweet sternWhat an experience! My mind had said—and

said that several times, I remember. ness of his face came deep sorrow.

But my body was numb, drenched, My brother! My brother! How

cold. And the senselessness of it those words sobbed themselves into

all pounded at me. my heart and chanted in my soul!

A man fell in my way. Did it hurt And then I remembered who they

much? I wondered. His eyes closed were. Spiritual memories stirred in

so quietly. me.

All around the air surcharged... Existence was new. The uniwith death—with transient life. Hate verse was young. I heard again acrescendoing in song—bursting crucified voice breaking in anguish.

inscreaming—spiraling!screeching splendor.Flash!ShellsFlame! wordsAgain ringingI heard intoa father'sthe stillnesstorturedof

Eternity swooping upon me with a eternity: 'Lucifer! Lucifer! Why

thousand stars! hast thou fallen, Son of the MornThat smothering sense of death mg?

was hushing my throat. I fought. I I sensed the halfturning of that

wouldn't die! But I was so tired. I soul moved by this omnipotent eloalmost wanted to die. quence. Then sullen pride triumphas I someone is said to feel ing pride! the sensed perverted

ofing—justwithI wasa shotdrifting. Rising and sinked. That godlike but selfdestroy- morphine. glory lost of that son. who had He

Here's happened. what exalted—fallwill of it.make what you of God! You can beening—fallingamong fromthe mostthe grace

I know. I know I passed into that

life halfrealmmysterious between I how. seen behad them Where LJespair weighed me!

is death.and perception There I fore? trying to kept remember. could How we—lesser ones—hope see ordinarthekeener—there we I shellshocked. say They was to prevail such greatness when hadily the ordinarily hear I tell I But unseen—we through you space saw failed? of Son the MornHe—theunheard! are sensitized There we time! and ing!

to vibrations on a higher plane than Those two surely resembled one Voices murmured. Awe creptthose Delirious? of earth. Oh, I no! another, thought. They looked all. over

clearer than mind wasMy crystal! like separated by difthen he was And brothers—but gone—the I feel could standing someone ferent they worlds! Suddenly bePrince of Darkness wearing his dethere. Finally I opened my eyes. I came aware of one another. They feat majestically. I will never forcould see someone in white and did not speak. The one in white get that terrible, tragic deserter!

in black. garbedsomeone his Out of stretched out hand. But the Alone—unwanted—but not unthe haze were materialtwo faces sullen. stood dark one didn't... He mourned.

izing. mists cleared. The was appear One

... light.radiant dark The other hand. Atofleetingnotice lookthe ofoutstretchedpain came again.And now the brothers had met

... haunted, I knew them someover the dark face and then a sneer. {Concluded on page 707)

a Woman of VISION Ctarted by Susa Young Gates in 1889 and Edited by eight women of vision, the "young woman's jourNAL"IN ITS FORTIETH YEAR IN 1929 MERGED WITH "The

Improvement Era."

By MARBA C JOSEPHSON Associate Editor of "The Improvement Era"

GATES SUSA YOUNG

of the "Young good things, both for themselves and (Founder

Woman's Journal"and others of their faith. Theirs was an

Editor, 18891901.) entirely unselfish devotion to the

cause of the majority. They knew VK7iTH the celebration of the

that their personal accomplishments fortieth year of the initial might carry them far, but they forpublication of "The Improvegot self entirely for the benefit of the ment Era,"it is only fitting that recognition be accorded every great a magmovement greater number.Behind

its which submerged person, stands a great Gates, born of a genazine one who Susa Young towers above his fellows and eration who had conquered disidentity in order to make a greater magazine for the elongates to moldwhose shadow magazine, Church. That "The destiny. events and shape The Young Journal,"Woman's the of story founding the behind

to the farseeing owed much is poigJournal Young Woman's it piloted through who women life of nantly one the BOOTH up in MAY TALMAGE bound its perilous early life. They (Editor, 19011902.) the vision care brought andwhose in too the that share must glory

Journal through its perilous years of has accrued to the magazine great other early childhood. Eight which has resulted their from

in its also figured growth.women uniting a greater "Imto make

Their genius nurtured the Journal provement Era."

into maturity and all of them lived to see this child of their hopes safely tance, entered a new pioneering field.

embarked on a greater journey Brilliant, friendly, capable, she first western college paper, The Colwhen, as it reached its maturity of could have gone far in her own right. lege Lantern. In 1870, when Presforty years, it combined with The But first and last, she was a Latterident Young moved her mother's

Improvement Era. day Saint; all else must be subfamily to St. George, Utah, she orWe are told in the Doctrine and servient to her wish to be a good ganized a large club of men and

Covenants: "To every man is given Latterday Saint. women, called the Union Club. In

a gift by the Spirit of God. To 1878, when she was in Provo, she

some is given one, and to some is organized the music department at given another, that all may be B. Y. U. In 1897, she organized the

profited thereby."Each of the ANN M. CANNON domestic science department at the

women who fostered the Journal (Editor, 19021907.) same institution. Sister Gates was

had rich gifts. But of necessity the also organizer of the first state chapstory of the woman whose vision inter in Utah of the Daughters of the

spired its founding must receive the Revolution.

greatest consideration in any article All of these activities show the dealing with that magazine. tremendous energy, vision, and abilWhile nothing is said in the Docities of this truly remarkable woman

trine and Covenants about women's To read the accomplishments of whose greatness was recognized having gifts, many of them did, Sister Gates sounds incredible to among women outside of Utah.

some of them by virtue of the men those who did not come in personal Susan B. Anthony upon one occasion

who fathered them. One such womcontact with this vital, tireless

an was Susa Young Gates, daughter woman. The number of "firsts"to

of Brigham Young by Lucy Bigelow, her credit is amazing. She started J

who also by right of descent was life with a first, since, although she entitled to many gifts of the spirit. was not the first child of Brigham (AssociateELEN WALLACEEditor, 1902One of the surprising things about Young, she was the first child born 1907.)

our early Mormon women and their in the historic Lion House on descendants was their ability to see March 18, 1856.

into the deeper significance of life When she was attending school and in spite of hard times keep at the University of Utah, Dr. Park

bright the flame of desire for the appointed her associate editor of the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

said to her that she would make magazine for young women could

Sister Gates president of the Namean to them and to the Church, she tional Council of Women, if she was not long in trying to realize the forget her militant instance, In this would dream. she Mormononce ESTELLE NEFF ism. Sister replied characteragain Gates willingness her proved to obey CALDWELL

istically that the price was too high. and follow the counsel of the Priest- (CoeditorWallace, with1905.)Elen

A woman's first duty according hood. While there were already

to Latterday Saints is, whenever three Church publications: the

possible, to rear children under the Juvenile Instructor, for the Sunday everlasting covenant, according to School; the Woman's Exponent, for

the eternal family plan. Although the Relief Society; and the Contragedy stalked Sister Gates in her tributor, for the Young Men's Assowas serious. The only way of addesire to live this law, she rose ciation; there was no magazine for vertising was by word of mouth.

above her sorrow and finally earned the young women. There was no Many of the women, including Sister

the merited satisfaction of having a opportunity for the young women Gates'own mother, paid all of their large and gifted family. Her first of the Church to receive special mesown expenses and drove their own

obedience was always to the Priestsages, to voice their opinions, or to horses and buggies into the outlying hood and when her husband, Jacob districts that the magazine might

F. Gates, was called to fill a mission continue.

to the Sandwich Islands, as the For eleven years, Sister Gates

Hawaiian then called, Islands were spirit of the Journal. was the guiding MARYshe unquestioningly accompanied CONNELLY Traveling her back from KIMBALL and forth

him and three of their children were (Editor, 19071923.) home in Provo, she was ever at the

born there. Had not her father led helm. Her keen intellect, her warm

a people into the wilderness? She, sympathies, her intense vitality kept

a daughter of that father, could do the new magazine going.

no less than accompany her husband When her husband was called on on his special appointment. another mission, this time to New

Proof of her undying love of the ask questions. She wrote first of York, "Aunt Susa"resigned the

Church and devotion for its prinall to Joseph F. Smith, second couneditorship so that she might accomciples is manifested in her sacrifice selor to President Wilford Woodpany him. Her indomitable spirit

of her own career in order to become ruff, and explained the plan for this which had kept the magazine going a mother in Israel. In addition to new magazine. He advised her to during its eleven hazardous years

the thirteen children whom she bore, counsel with President Woodruff, was sufficient to carry it forward she became a light to countless chilwhich she did. With his approval through the succeeding years.

not herdren lovingly own, who and recommendation, to she wrote disaster, in face courage of Hercalled her Susa.""Aunt of the Ladies'the presidency Young illusfaith her best sublime can be

felt herself that never She she had life, in trated episodes her from manysacrificed. least, at occasion one On of which constant source have been a

said: "Itshe better that was of to those encouragement have who give talent tomarry of and my myI tragic of the them. After known A. CLARISSA BEESLEY I Ifchildren. continued with had (Associate Editor, 1914of death a little of daughter, instead

Editor, 1923career, 1923; there have own wouldmy futilely Sister weeping, Gates went 1929.) one. onlybeen I married, Because home and canned tomatoes. Her

one daughter has achieved interheart ached, as all women's heartsnational fame with her golden voice; must ache in the face of a loss so

his given has talent son musicalone intense, but the hers truly valwasto the Church; another son has bespirit. iant her out She would work

in literfield recognized the ofcome it. grief rather than to succumb Association, Mutual She Improvementature; another daughter has become

life in early her learned the value voted the publicain favor of who inwellknown science."domestic tion and presented their wishes to of true prayer. Whenever things

Taturally, when a woman of the the First Presidencyseemed too hard to bear, she went ability, the spirituality, the geniIn May, 1889, when the Gates to the Lord. She talked the situality which Sister Gates possessed, family returned from their mission, ation through with Him. Then

turned her attention to any field, she the work began. In October, 1 889, when she arose from her knees, she

was certain to meet success. When, the first issue was published. Two left her sorrow and heartbreak with

accordingly, while still in the Isaims were everpresent in the mind Him. She carried hope and courage

lands, she had the vision of what a of Sister Gates and her coworkers: to her new tasks.

1, the spirit of the magazine should Susa Young Gates had a talent, take precedence over literary forms; recognized it, and acted on it. From

2, home writers should be encourher vision, the Young Woman's aged in order to cultivate talent Journal received the impetus to go

ELSIE TALMAGE among our own people. In the pages forward through exactly forty years

BRANDLEY of the magazine were such departof existence under eight capable (Associate Editor, 19231929; Editor, 1929.) ments as: House and Home, Dress editors before it was wedded to The

Department, Health and Hygiene, Improvement Era. The magazine

Our Girls'Department. In addibegan with the first issue in October,

tion were to be found fiction, poetry, 1889, and closed with its final issue and articles on literary appreciation. in October, 1929-—forty years of

Of course, the financial situation glorious achievement.

"In honor of the Era's Fortieth Anniversary and President

Grant's forty years'service to the Era, at least forty per cent of all our homes will have the church magazine."

Onward with the Church—The Era will keep

you Informed.

The Era—40 Years of Successful Missionary

Work. 7T challenge in the Churchwide campaign The Era Tells the Church about the Church.

in every Era to place Improvement In the the First Presidency. from The /-% Era—Messages "* Read in Every Era last The Home. Stake, issued by Ensign been has home year's third place winner in Class B Stakes for Ensign Stake Goal—1250. total number of subscriptions. One of the larger Ensign Stake to Lead the Church—Subscribers

stakes of the Church, Ensign has set its immediate and Readers.

is the Organ of the Priesthood goal at 1250 subscriptions—40 per cent of the The Era Church homes in the stake—and has coupled this Quorums.

avowed objective of a new alltime Churchwide record with a further expressed determination to Tt is peculiarly fitting that Ensign stake should realize the symbolism of its name and be an Ensign undertake to set a new alltime Churchwide to the Church. Era record in this fortieth anniversary year beThe Ensign stake Era objective for the current cause it is President Grant's home stake.

year has in it several points of particular signifiIt is not thought, however, that Ensign's earnest cance in addition to the fact that it represents 40 and spectacular challenge will be left uncontested.

per cent of Ensign Stake Church homes. The goal Most of last year's leading stakes have declared

was placed at this figure to commemorate The Imthemselves out for this year's high percentage or provement Era's forty years'service to the Church high numbers placements and most of the stakes and President Grant's forty years'service to the who did not place among the leaders last year are

Era. The objective has also been established to organized for higher records this year. Last year's

honor President Grant, founder and editor of the record by Salt Lake and Ensign stakes has spurred

Era, on his eightyfirst birthday anniversary, which other Salt Lake City stakes to project their activianniversary—November,occurs in the same month1 937.as the Era's fortieth tiesSisterforW.greaterH. Earnshawaccomplishment.who directedBrotherSalt Lakeand

The Ensign Stake plan, which involves many Stake's outstanding achievement last year are again special features, was launched several weeks ago directing the program in that stake. President

by Anne Smith and Chet Larson, Ensign Leo J. Muir, Superintendent George A. Baker,

Stake Era Directors, who have lined up behind President Geneva Langlois, and Arnold G. Morris,

them the active and loyal support of the stake and Era Director, who were behind last year's alltime ward M. I. A. leaders; George Cannon Young and allChurch record in Los Angeles, also have plans

Louise P. Clawson, stake M. I. A. superintendent for this year, and Stake President H. R. Price has

and president; and the stake presidency, Winslow already set Maricopa stake's goal at 1000 Era

F. Smith, George J. Cannon, and Oscar W. Mcsubscriptions.

Conkie, and the bishops of wards. But above all the friendly and interesting stake

A special meeting of the stake presidency, stake competition and challenge and counterchallenge high council, stake M. I. A. leaders, and ward is the great motivating purpose of service and

bishoprics was called early in September to approve missionary endeavor—the determination and desire

and launch the plan, which provides for the apto comply with the oftrepeated request of the pointing of an Era chairman by the bishop of each President of the Church to place the Era, the ward, and for the appointment of captains of fifty Churchwide missionary, in every home in order under whom as many Era workers as are necessary that a growing and spreading worldwide Church are appointed to visit twelve families each. may be kept in touch with its leaders and with each

Display cards were shown at the Ensign stake other, in order that wholesome and informative

M. I. A. convention at which High Councilman Church reading matter may have its influence in

D. E. Judd sounded the challenge. These placards every home, and in order that the Church may be

have been shown also at other stake and ward kept closely united in a restless and shifting functions. Some of them read as follows: world. R. L. E.

LEFT TO RIGHT: ENSIGN STAKE

PRESIDENT WINSLOW F. SMITH;

GEORGE CANNON YOUNG, STAKE SUPERINTENDENT OF Y. M. M. I. A.;

LOUISA P. CLAWSON, STAKE PRESIDENT Y. W. M. I. A.; CHET LARSON,

STAKE ERA DIRECTOR, AND ANNE SMITH, STAKE ERA DIRECTOR.

INVESTMENT A GOOD A SHORT SHORT STORY

other!"tenyear-old BY

Johnny stopped eating minute, GILBERT H."M his cereal for a

"What is a good investment?""Whatever put that idea into ANDREWS

your head, son?"

"Well, I heard you and Daddy he talked to one he got so mixed talking after he came from meeting up he didn't know whether he was last night. He said the reason he a Mormon or what!

promised to give five hundred dolThen almost overnight he found lars to the new meetinghouse was himself. When he got the spirit of

because he thought it would be a missionary work and really studied, good investment. What did he so many things he had learned in

mean? the home ward came back to him

"Well, dear, a good investment that he found himself well able to means that you put your money into defend and explain the Gospel.

something that pays. That is, you All too soon his mission was over

get back enough to pay for what and he was home. Mother and fayou put in and more."ther were still in the same old house

"Does that mean that if we put with the same old stove. Every

that much money into the ward time they got ready to get a new chapel we'll get our money back one something like the ward chapel, some time?"the new stake house, or his mission

"No, we probably won't get our had to come first.

money back; but there are other The crowd at Sacrament meeting

things we could get out of it that when he reported his mission was would be even more valuable. But <*$. the largest he had ever faced. He

if you don't hurry you'll be late felt just a little frightened when he for school."of the Sunday School classes now stopped to think that after all many

Johnny wondered what they could on account of cold weather. But of these people knew more about

get out of a new meetinghouse that he'd had a lot of fun in the old one the Gospel than he did. And thenwould be worth more than money.—been scared, too! There was the he saw his mother's face in the auGoodness knows they had a hard time the President of the Primary dience. She wasn't paying particu"

time getting enough to live on as had asked him to lead in prayer. lar attention to the opening exerit was. There was the new stove She had stood by his side with her cises. She was watching him. He

Mother had planned on. It cost arm around him and helped. It had seen that same look of pride

only about a hui. Hred, and they had seemed a little thing now, but he'd and joy before, but it seemed to

waited a long tm:e trying to save been mighty proud after it was stand out more than ever now.

enough to buy it. And now they over. Once he got started he thoroughwouldn't get it for a long time yet. When he became a Scout he ly enjoyed himself. He had been

He had heard them say last night passed most of his tests and receivrated one of the best speakers in that they would have to give it up. ed most of his badges in the new his district and he would give these

It seemed to Johnny that mother chapel. He was ordained a Teacher home friends the best that he had.

needed a stove worse than almost and then a Priest there. First time And after all he was talking to just

anything. That one in the kitchen he helped with the Sacrament he two people in the group. When he

caused no end of trouble. And after thought he knew the blessing on the closed his talk with a strong testiall, a ward chapel wasn't used much bread, and, when he was half way mony and sat down, he noticed that

except on Sunday. Money and furthrough, he had to stop and start his mother's eyes were glistening

niture around the house were used over with a card in front of him. with tears. He suddenly realized

every day. A stove was not all they Shortly after he was ordained an how much these people and this

needed. Other folks had new ice Elder he was called on a mission. Church had meant in his life.

boxes that even froze ice cream and They had a party for him in the After the meeting so many peokept things cool—but mother kept new chapel and almost everyone ple shook hands with him and conher things cool in the ditch behind in the ward seemed to be there to gratulated him. Mother just put

the house. help show him a good time. It her arms around him and kissed

Everybody seemed thrilled over made him feel more important, like him before the whole group. What

the new chapel. Johnny was proud somehow the ward was part his. a thrill it gave him!

of the fact that he was one of the As they walked homeward he first group of Deacons that were "\\7hen he first lauded in the mis put his arm around Mother on one called to the stand and presented sion field, the outlook wasn't side and Dad on the other. "Mothto the people. He noticed that his so bright. How in the world could er, do you remember telling me why

father and mother seemed proud of he ever learn enough to meet some you thought the five hundred dolhim as he stood there before the of these polished ministers. Why, lars you put into the new chapel

congregation. some of them had been to college was a good investment? I know

The new building was grand. twelve years, and he had just finnow why you thought so. May you

They never had to dismiss some ished high school. The first time never think otherwise."

JhsL LOG OF A EUROPEANTOUR UJWv {pM&uknt $Aan and. thiL QtwhwiiaL {ParityBy LUCY GRANT CANNON

Of the General Presidency of the Y. W. M.L A.

received, he would beckon with his faultless English. In the course of

hand for them to come to him. In the conversation father told him who

the letter he had told that they were they were and about our missionary

Americans, that he had a letter from system. The king said many of the

the Governor of Utah vouching for ministers of the churches in Sweden him as a worthy citizen, and he enhad asked that the Mormons be closed the letter which the Govprohibited from proselyting in SweLondon News Agency Photo. ernor had given him with the seal den. King Oscar said he would not

PRESIDENT GRANT ON THE BOAT TRAIN, of the state of Utah on it. He do this because he had sent his

JUST LONDON, STATION,WATERLOO BEFORE reached the door, knocked, and agents all over the United States to ON THE RETURN SOUTHAMPTON LEAVING FOR

JOURNEY TO AMERICA.

CONCLUSION

Stockholm, Sweden.

Sunday, August 22, 1937 THEPARTY PRESIDENTON AUGUST AND17, 1937,HIS enjoyed this morning's ATHAGENTHE MADECASTLEFAMOUSNEAR BYCOPENTHE meeting with the Saints STORYRIGHT: OF JOSEPHHAMLET.J. CANNON,LEFT TOWE very much. The Church RAMONA W. CANNON, DANISH

looked very attractive with its vases MISSIONPETERSEN,PRESIDENTPRESIDENTALMAHEBERL.

of flowers and curtained windows. J.JOSEPHGRANT,ANDERSON,LUCY G. CLARISSACANNON,

Sister Larson says the sisters of the A. BEESLEY, PRESIDENT LYBranch have been scrubbing and MAN.

cleaning for days to have it all as clean as it could be when we came.

The meeting tonight was well attended. The brethren estimated we

had about 50% present who were not Church members. Father told handed his letter to the man who ascertain how the Swedish people

us that very interesting experience answered the door. In a few minwere faring in America, and that nohe had when here about thirtythree utes another man appeared and where in any of the states did he

years ago when he and his party asked in English what father wantfind them so happy, contented, and called on King Oscar. It was the ed. Father replied, he wished to prosperous as in the state of Utah,

Fourth of July and in the morning see the king, and the man replied The interview lasted about ten minhe said to the party, "What would that would be impossible, as those utes and was an experience to be you like to do to celebrate our natal who saw him must be properly preremembered.

day?"No one seemed to have any sented. Father said, "Did the king Monday, August 23, 1937

tell the tell that?"and to "I said, you me so special know idea he and 13 roth had our trip er Larson said replied, "Well,"I like do. "No."to I would man would what so systematically planned he letter king to the "I father, sent a call Oscar,"and King like to on

addressing his wife and daughters and I would like it back if he will CLARISSA A. BEESLEY AND LUCY GRANT CANand the other lady he said, "Go put not receive me. In the letter I have NON ON THE STEPS OF THE L. D. S. COPENon your best clothes and we will call enclosed one from the Governor of HAGEN CHAPEL.

on the king."the great state of Utah."

King Oscar was at his palace on The man left him for a moment one of the little islands which comand in a few minutes he was told prise Stockholm. When the party the king would receive him. So

arrived at the palace grounds, father father beckoned to his party and suggested to them that they wait at they came up to the palace. King

a certain place and he would go up Oscar stepped out and spoke to them to the door and present a letter which in Swedish. Then he asked how

he had written before leaving the many of them spoke Swedish. Only

hotel. If the letter were favorably three did. He then spoke to them in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

him was the happiest day of her life.We said goodbye to President

Gustive Larson in Gotberg. We

had all formed a very favorable opinion of Sweden and her people.

As we neared Oslo we came in sight of the fjords and we were not disappointed as we viewed the Oslo

Fjord. The calm water and the beautiful islands and hills make it a scene

we will long remember.

At the station a large group of

Saints and missionaries were there to greet us. President Peterson's

young daughter, dressed in the colorful costume of the country, presented father with a basket of beautiful flowers from the Elders and

Saints of Oslo. The Relief Society

also a president bouquet gave him NIGHT.TIVOLI, COPENHAGEN, AT lady up old came dear one who was Relief the Society. roses of from We father, to with and she shake hands for each schedule us a writtengave hotel to our immediately and came to all life her she said wanted had was:day. today one for fifteen after The were minutes about we but of President the the Church, see hotel. at I. off to again A. an M. the she have thought not would had at meeting in hotel. rested Father the had Wemeeting. 8:30-9:30—Breakfast1012—Missionary

chapel. a good meeting and a very fine

12-1:30—Lunch at Grand Hotel. group of people in attendance. We 2-4—Boat tour of Stockholm enjoyed the singing of the choir.

waterways.4-6—Relaxation. sing.My, howWe thesewill allScandinavianshave to take canoff 6-7—Dinner at Marnarita—City our hats to them.

Friday, August 27, 1937Hotel.7:30—M. I. A. meeting.

We followed it as outlined except esterday was one of the finestthe breakfast was put forward half Y of the whole trip. Pres. A. Richan hour so the meeting could be held ard Peterson and family and three

earlier in order that we might visit Elders went on an auto trip with the town hall before lunch. We us, taking us to see the fjords and

were glad we did not miss a visit to the Norse museum and other places the town hall. It is so artistically of interest. They called for us at

situated, overlooking of the one a o'clock, ten and we took

ITS WATERabout THROUGH SEEING STOCKHOLM elaboratewaterways. hillside, The most the along drive out and MISSION SWEDISH LEFT TO RIGHT: WAYS.

room was the banquet hall where PRESIDENTGRANT, SISTERGUSTIVEVIRGINIA0. LARSON,B. LARSON,PRESIDENTAND every now and then we would come

eight hundred people can be seated. PRESIDENT LYMAN. in full view of the fjord. It was a

The walls of this room are in glass perfect day, with the sun shining mosaic; millions of pieces of glass opportunity now that she was get- {Continued on page 697)

the mosaics. usedwere to make

ITS FJORD WITH A TYPICAL NORWEGIAN a fine After Swedish BEAUTY. LOVELINESS luncheon we tinghis pictureso old. often,She saidbut shenowhadto seensee AND AWESOME RUGGED

took a boat ride of about two hours, circling the islands. The sun was

shining and most of the time a gentle breeze was blowing. Passing boats

made waves in the water and we had the feeling of real sailing. Along

the banks were hundreds and hundreds of pleasure boats of every type. Sister Larson says 40,000

people in Stockholm own boats.

In the evening we had an M. I. A.

meeting and afterwards walked back to the tower where we could take our last look at Stockholm by night.

Wednesday, August 25, 1937.

HPhere were a few hours for us to spend in Gotberg before leaving for Oslo. We took the

train a little after one o'clock.

All the Elders and some of the

Saints were there to see us off. There

1SSS). (DEDICATED UTAH, AT MANTI, TEMPLE

STONE SPIRAL LOWER: ROOM; CELESTIALnineteenth Century 1. 1. %. Temple irchiteeture THEUPPER:

STAIRWAY, LOOKING DOWN THREE STORIES.

These pictures copyright 1937. All rights reserved. Reproduction permission for any purpose specifically withheld.

ALBERTA TEMPLE, CARDSTON, CANADA, (DEDICATED IweaMh Century |I. B. f. Temple Hrehiterture

1923). UPPER: CELESTIAL ROOM; LOWER: BAPTISTRY.

These pictures copyright 1937. Alt rights reserved. Reproduction permission for any purpose specifically withheld.

fcditxfiiaL Friend,azine, thetheLiahona,Utah Genealogicalthe Relief Societyand HistoricalMagazine,Magand many others.

In this illustrious company The Improvement Era itself. finds its fortieth it surSoberly, anniversary, on divinely J. Grant, chosen

its it history, opportunities. duties, veys and Humbly

its record of service; looks couraof back of Jesus Christ ToleaderPresidentof theHeberChurch upon own

geously it looks into a future of greater achievement.

Latterday Saints, the staff and readers of "The Gratefully it remembers the host of contributors and

Improvement Era"offer congratulations upon field workers who have made its success possible. It is

grateful for the foundas doubly and men women who the eightyfirst anniversary of his birth. it people: acceptable to the editors have ers and made

Presidents Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, and

Heber J. Grant, its founder and present editor, Brigham

H. Roberts, Edward H. Anderson, Hugh J. Cannon,

It

it Q/orty LJears looksHarrisontrustfullyR. Merrill,to theandpresentElsie staff,Talmageand knowsBrandley.that

"Defore me stand forty volumes of The Improvement will never want for capable help.

as before, aloft holds Improvement Today The Era its life. for than forty of each year More Era—one

threefold purpose: record the current events To inits entertaining, filled pages, thousand every with one

formative, characterbuilding, faithpromoting material! and thoughts connected with the progressive life of the

to interpret light Church; events in the and opinions from its readers month blessed the Era have must How

the principles of the restored Gospel, for the upIt and of to month! of the record forms works a noble

ideals of great a people. As I turn the pages, thoughts buildingthe pagesofofthethefaithEraofa youngtruthful,andhelpfulold; andrecordto leaveof ouron in me. crowd upon

age. of own in the days kept of remembrance was A book Today, celebrating its fortieth anniversary, The Imtheir Father recorded Adam. Ever since, have men

heartfelt voices provement gratitude to Era all who polished thoughts palace, and deeds on in pyramid and it successful, have helped its to make pledges and it the metal, along stone or beaten paper, or on papyrus, best efforts to serve the people earth. thus of lessons the past, highways of Upon the ing their high as purposes Latterday A. W. preserved, built the generations have their own of men of the ChurchSaints.—/.in achievdays.

Indeed, to should, in justice generation every itself s Changed v(/orId times. those of its leave memorials and who follow, Thus, expenditures for permanent structures of use and HPhroughmomanthe pages of the Era, we have been emphabeauty are justified. Statues, shrines, and temples, A sizing the tremendous changes which have occurred

beautiful homes and notable business buildings, roads during the lifetime of our magazine. Strangely enough, and bridges, pictures, music and books—all become the changes have revolutionized woman's sphere parparts of the book of remembrance passed on from one ticularly. Where formerly woman's work kept her

generation to help another. Every man's joy is in the constantly bent over the tub or the stove, modern consum of human possessions, to which his own contribuveniences have emancipated her and brought a new,

tion is necessarily small. hitherto unheardof freedom. Hours of drudgery have

The Latterday Saints have been faithful in recording dwindled into minutes of rapidly completed work.

their history. The Kirtland Temple, built at uncounted Where in years past woman was confined almost litersacrifice, tells eloquently of the devoted faith of the ally to the kitchen, today she has leisure to do much as

founders of the Church. The Salt Lake Temple, she pleases.

rearing its six towers heavenward from the great AmerWhat is woman doing with this newfound leisure?

ican desert, reveals the unconquerable, certain vision Therein lies the secret of her success or failure. Is

of the high destiny of the Church. Farms, houses, she frittering away her time with senseless amusecities, tabernacles, temples, and monuments cover the ments or is she employing her time wisely to benefit hercourse of "Mormon"history. And this type of recordself, her family, her community, her Church?

ing is continuing. The old saying about idle hands and mischief is as

story the of told in has also The Church been written not With increased true—if truer—than or printed publication words. of the a book, The Book leisure, there is also increased need for it evermischief—andwas. of is the celebrated fact most Mormon, connected with increased in diligence safeguarding our heritage.

the organization of the Church. Hundreds of other From many sections of the country has come the inbooks, setting forth the claims and history of the reformation that most of our presentday trouble centers

stored Gospel have been authorized by the Church. in young married women, who, having so much leisure,

Periodicals have constantly informed and inspired the are using it to their destruction rather than to their people; these have now become invaluable records of salvation.

bygone days. With the new leisure, many opportunities are affordThe periodicals of the Church, past and present, form ed women to increase in power. Endless opportunities

a most distinguished assemblage; the Messenger and are open for mental and cultural growth through exAdvocate, the Morning and Evening Star, the Elders'tension courses, study groups, and individual reading.

Journal, the Times and Seasons, the Millennial Star, the With increased time, women could undertake a study

Deseret News, the Journal o} Discourses, the Conof our civil institutions and with vigor clean up some of tributor, the Young Woman's Journal, the Children's {Concluded on page 712)

(pAJUidJJwotiL ihsb OhqatL ofr. Bul

scope, on the to schools when, broadening Era's the of as the organ years Era's manyTo thethe older men of the Church the story of tober, 1911, noted the addition of the Church 1 1 1 things: other said to 12 1 13 he pages among but ground, familiar is perhaps Priesthood of the Priestis the organ Already Era Improvement The

to the rising generation of young men and women hood quorums, besides being the official organ of the Mutual it is one of those inherited facts which are accepted Improvement Associations. At a recent meeting of the

the of our Education, magazine was Church Board made this in so, historical knowledge. Andwithout

official unanischools, boards both of the organ Church steps the reviewfortieth anniversary issue we here... action. this of approving mously

through which the Era became a general ChurchAttention is called to the statement of the special features wide magazine. to be presented in volume fifteen. It will be seen that many

will matters subjects taken important and be considered, 1907, 1, November, XI, Number In Volume reader. vital to interest general the that will of be Weup speaking as a memRoberts, B. H. 63 to 65,pages past, to the as in hope, the magEra Improvement make The

ber of the First Council of the Seventy, wrote as azine of the home, in which both old and young members of follows the household will be interested, and in which the quorums, will institutions educational be missions, organizations and first, Seventies, the congratulate Congratulations.—We fully represented. of mean, which we Organ; by having an theirupon now spirit all will things, of the continue In the however, Gospel develinterests; the to their to devoted publicationcourse, a all institutions toto the thread, these leading holding be they for which principles the their and views; ofopment Spirit will the the past, in gether, breathe the as and Era of publication and announcement of alsostand; a medium Christ, to of present nothing but seeking Jesus what our Lord will Council First the the ofofficial acts. Era means By his is in proper, clean, pure, and with laws harmony and the of all the quorums with communication constant inbe that thought and not This does modern mean commandments. suggest, to able will be the in Church. TheySeventy will contribute be to progress ideas growth and which in both work, Seventies'the directadvise, counsel, and is all truth in progress, that believe neglected. emand We,. studies. Era The theological in matters andadministrative these plan. therefore in great the seek braced Gospel We nearly which through years, late of the medium,has been the light in the will things, present to of continue them and of articles an both theologicalall and doctrinal important the of great furtherance to the a cause Gospel, with view and and published, been character have semiofficialofficial and Saints. Latterday of Christ of of the Jesus Church Lord—the to interest especial of are thatit doctrinal is papers these F. Smith. Joseph in which questions with deal they sincethe Seventies,

interested; intensely be, are, or shouldSeventies and are C ubsequently, the Church Music Committee was easily preserved they can be form that suchpublished in

and readily consulted.... And so we say to our Seventies, added to the Era's widening scope, and in 1929,

now that we have an organ, let us make use of it, both because with the merger of this magazine and The Young the conducting to relation in suggestions helpful it will give of also the organ the Journal, Era became Woman's it will give also because quorums, andspecial of the work Associthe Improvement Mutual Young Women's special the work conducting relation to in suggestionshelpful of the general character that will be helpful in preparing the ation, at which time the First Presidency of the members thereof for their labors in the ministry.... Church, writing in Volume XXXIII, Number 1,

The proposition has been equally welcomed by the SevNovember, 1929, page 4, said:

is regarded them, to it and presentedenties been has wherever that, the is It to too with expect combined not much the quorums the lira for and thing, both fortunateas most a gifted of the aid with and women, Journal Young Woman'sof Seventy. perfection will not of degree reach a Improvement Era The respective the of presidents Seventies Era Agents.—The.. the to attainable. will continue heretofore be Era The appointthe advisement take under at once shouldquorums

it the as schools has been Priesthood the of organ Church and. it business for quorum, whose the agent of an Erament past. for years some for the the within quorum subscriptions solicitshall to be

it tastes to the of as suited does, material Offering, young...magazine.

it welldefined to mission them. people, perform has a among

to free two issue some of copies each sends The Era beof the read destroyer with is abroad. power We

it could the world; of parts in all missionariesthousand disasters land of appalling frequency sea not Thewildering on and

collect its subsolicit and agents that its this only whodo revolufloods, cyclones, volcanoes, earthquakes, and wars interest of the in gratuitously service their givescriptions that indicates tions, ancient both prophecy modern and and

Council First that the it is basis on this work; andmissionary these better. will this conditions respect Over not become

agents as called to act shall be brethrenask their who control. naturally can have to inoccurrences agency no human

the work perform cheerfully, and appointment theaccept the the only are not elements caused disturbances But by promptly and well. forms, nor indeed the most serious, taken by the destroyer.

Cixteen months later, Volume XII, Number 4, Concurrentdestructive inroadswith themplannedand ofto farwreckmoretheconsequencecharacter andarefaiththe

February, 1 909, appeared this official notice on of our youth. In this line of warfare the assaults are not

page 323: made with storm and noise, but craftily.... The Era must

truth that the startling the has to herald Almighty continue in are engaged Priesthood of the that the quorums Now that the image, that Priesthood created in His spoken, man is with this meet weekly and of theology, studythe formal has Christ's Church established and the plan been restored, for a means arises a need there in view, objectcommendable of salvation made clear. the officers have general the who betweenof communication

Grant, Heber J. and in hand, the of direction quorums thestudy and

Ivins, the Anthony W. it has need, This the quorums. of teachers andmembers

Nibley, Charles W. Presiding the the Church, of the Presidency decidedbeen by

First Presidency. The Priestthe for of study course on the CommitteeBishopric,

I. supplied will A., be M. Board the Generalhood, Y. M. and in a broadening step scope Churchwide Another

this becomes on date from which Era Improvementby The 1935, First Presidency taken in when the May, I. A. was the and M. Priesthood Y. M. quorums the ofthe organ

... Presidents of stakes, bishops and quorum officers and announced Dr. John A. Widtsoe's appointment as

members are invited to take notice of this arrangement. editor, with President Grant, to assume active

President Joseph F. Smith, writing in the edieditorial direction of the magazine which now

torial columns of Volume XIV, Number 1 2, Ocserves, a worldwide Church. R. L. E.

NEW TEMPLE SQUARE MISSION SEMIANNUAL CONFERENCE ORVAL W. ADAMS NEWLY

PRESIDENT APPOINTED 'T'he one hundred eighth Semiannual ELECTED PRESIDENT AMERIGeneral of the Conference Church in FriCAN BANKERS ASSOCIATION convened from Salt Lake City, day, October 1, to Sunday, October 3, inclusive. All Latterday Saints were r\ R V A L w. directed to adhere to the principles Adams,

of the Church in every particular. In vice - president

ringing statements, President Grant of the Churchsaid: controlled Utah

I announced here at the Priesthood meetState National ing last night and I decided to announce it Bank of Salt again that we expect all the general Officers Lake City was of the Church, each and every one of them, elected presifrom this very day, to be absolute, full tithedent of the payers, to really and truly observe the American Bankall. of the of ask and Wisdom; we Word ers Association

officers all of the of and Church members at their 63rd all the General stake Boards, and and ward officers, if they are not living the Gospel Annual Conand honestly and conscientiously paying vention, in Bostheir tithing, to kindly step aside, unless ton, October 13, from this day they live up to these pro1937. Mr. Advisions.... ams is a memNo man can teach the Word of Wisdom, ber of the Church Auditing Committee.

by the Spirit of God, who does not live it.

No man can proclaim this Gospel by the The nation's highest banking honSpirit of that the unless Living God man is or has come to Mr. Adams after living his religion; this great and with understanding that we have before us now we a long and successful career as a bank

must renew our loyalty to God, and I beexecutive and as a prominent particilieve that of beyond doubt a shadow God returned recently Cannon, J. circles and bankingJoseph pant in nationwide blesses, inspires multiplies and and subour British Misthe presiding over from stance are honest with when activities. Him. we years ago Mr. Adams Two first assistant acting assion and now Authorities of General The the of vicepresident same a made the was Superinin the Generalsuperintendent stirred the Church recordbreaking

tendency of the Y. M. M. I. A., was audiences to a better understanding and organization by popular acclaim from

appointed by the First Presidency to an increased determination to follow the floor of the convention, contrary to serve as President of Temple Square the standards of the Church. usual procedure.

Mission. Elder Joseph S. Peery who

has served for the past five years in that MISSIONARIESARRIVEDLEAVINGSEPTEMBERFOR THE FIELD27—DEPARTEDFROM THEOCTOBERSALT LAKE14, MISSIONARY1937 HOMEcapacity has been appointed manager

of the Bureau of Information.

ST. GEORGE TEMPLE PRESIDENT NAMED—October 10, 1937

"Clder Harold S. Snow, bishop of

i 1 the St. George South Ward, has

been appointed president of the St.

George Temple by the First Presidency.

President Snow succeeds George F.

Whitehead, who has served as temple president since July, 1932.

President Heber J. Grant made the

appointment at a special meeting of the

St. George Stake Presidency and High

Council.

Sunday, Sept. 5, 1937.

The Wasatch Stake was reorganized Top row, left to right: Wilson W. Sorensen, T. Emerson Baggaley, Reid Richardson, Aldon Anderson,

L. Karren. Lloyd Johnson, Arlo Thorley Johnson, Hilbig, Karl Collins, E. F. Stolworthy, H. Thomas A.with Henry Clay Cummings as presiGeorge

Earl Smart, Jensen, Orton, Ricks, Eldon A. Weenig, Limburg, Melvyn row: Don W. Second John Van Don

dent. Priday, Lunt, Calvin Sidney S. Kent, Garth D. Ware. J. Wright, Ralph W. La Mar

Thursday, Sept. 23, 1937. Hochstrasser,Third row:Ivan GrantL. Cluff,W. AlbertBaker, L.JohnLewis,Dean,GilbertKeith A.E. McDougal,Smith, RobertRalph K.H. Cutler,Jones. Carson R. Healy, Russell

Elias Lewis Earl, J. Freeman, Kartchner, Karl Donald G. Penrod, William row: W. Smith, Verl Fourth Netherlands of the The headquarters

Nielsen. Jr., Perkins, B. Arthur J. S. J. Amundsen, Hatch, Duane Hyrum B. Robinson, J. Ransom Rotter- W. Smith, from have been movedMission Bell, J. Roselin Burtenshaw, Stringham, row: Gooslind, Claude Thompson, Fifth E. Enwood H. Wayne Gene

Robins, Paul Nordgren, Jason Darrell F. S. V. F. Lindberg. Tanner, Clarence Allphin, Anna Holland, to 292 Loan Van Poot,dam,

L. Cooley, Fredrick Lisonbee, Eldon Q. Brown, LaVern Byron row: A. Emmett Howard, Sixth W. Holland.The Hague, Richards. Irwin Jarvis, Allan Woolley, C. Foster, Spear, McLaughlin, Annie Winnifred Roy Herman Whetten, W.

Sunday, Sept. 26, 1937. Fonnesbeck,Seventh LeRoyrow: Clark,LeRtoyEdna Clark,Smith, RichardL. Flake G.Rogers,Grismare,Eugene HubertS. Hintze,C. ThomasLambert,Dyches.Helen Moffett, Jennie

Buttle, Smith, Jones, Kendell, Dorothy Lynn Dwight Leona Cleverly, row: Aaron W. Eighth Emma Sixteenth of the Ward, chapel The

Stewart, Ralph Warren Smith, Alice Hanna, Dean dedicated by Bowman, Stake,Salt was Lake Bessiei Kendell. Greenhalgh, Christensen, Preston R. Marguerite Haggan, Maurine row: D. Evans, Ninth Howard

Elldredge, Dansie, E. R. Watkins. Simpson, Irene Luke, Delmer Fern Don Elden Abbott,President O. McKay. David

Calvin Williams, L. Baird, Toynette 0. Clement H. Bartholomew, Larsen, row: Marjorie D. Tenth Max Mission has been England The New Wright, Clark, Clark, R. Blake. Gamble, Pauline Floyd Black, Ken George Mrs. M. Collins, Carma LeRoy

fully organized. The mission headEleventh row: Max W. McKean, Louis J. Haws, Zella Scott, Donna Anderson, Seletta Morris, lone

quarters are at 7 Concord Ave., Boston, Johnson,TwelfthDee row:Esta Burr,ClaudeLizzieBrown,D. Thomas,Jr., FerryleDarrillB. McOmber,S. Bills, WendellDean G. T.Griner,Jackson.Barton Watson, J. W. Sessions,

Mass. Don G. Christenson.

h)PiaL Qkuhck, 3bwudsUiA* Visl Smjinqj {Continued from page 660) Los Angeles, California, Ogden, Utah,

September 22, 1937. September, 1937.

"California hails the Era as the greatest mission- "The modern test of the success of a magazine ary of the Church. In every home it enters it seems to require that it be instructive or entertaincarries the Gospel message in a clear, interesting, ing, or both. Some periodicals cater exclusively

and friendly manner. The Era is indispensable in to entertainment and others almost entirely to inthe mission field. struction; but those of greatest circulation appeal

( Signed W. Aird Macdonald,"to readers who are interested in instruction and

President of California Mission. entertainment.

"The Era has general appeal. Its instructive

articles cover a wide range of topics of general

Lovell, Wyoming. information, and the Church matters give detailed

"Being members -of an outlying stake we are and specific instruction that is almost indispensable especially appreciative of The Improvement Era. It to those who are active in Church work. Its stories

is one of our best means of keeping in touch with and pictures are delightfully entertaining. And the the leadership of the Church. We feel it is a bond gratifying thing about it all is that it is always

that unites us all together. Also, in our stake, The wholesome and elevating. I have been a subscriber

Improvement Era has been used very effectively in for many years and with the exception of few issues missionary work. our I have a hope some—which day to acquire—I (Signed) Archie R. Boyack,"file. a reference complete work on Church As

President of Big Horn Stake. history, biography of Church leaders and doctrine

it is unexcelled.

Huntington Park, California, "In fact, I think it is the finest publication of the Church, and I would not be without it. I read it

25, 1937. September cover. to haven't thus read cover Those who of Anniversary Improvement The "The 40th Era itfrom the at surprised should so be happily and do

felicitations: threefold consuggests Hearty (1) instimulating of entertainment great wealth and

itself; to Sincere congratgratulations the Era (2) it. in struction contained

his living to ulations to President Grant upon see (Signed) H. Reeder, Jr."W. efforts his yet inspired to the mature humble magPresident Ogden Stake. of Mt.

nificent issued periodical the Church; and by now

(3) congratulations to all the people of the Church upon the fact that President Grant still lives to Ogden, Utah, bless them with his wisdom and leadership. September, 1937.

( Signed Leo J. Mttir,""A magazine one likes to read containing docPresident of Los Angeles Stake. trine, testimony and counsel. It promotes cultural

development and stimulates higher ideals. A

New York City, sourceand the ofprogressinformationof the onChurch.PriesthoodI amactivities,grateful

September 26, 1937. for The Improvement Era. Congratulations on

"The present day is one of excesses. The forty successful years.

Church exercises wholesome restraints. Inquiries (Signed) Samuel G. Dye,"

come daily as to what the Church is doing, as to President of Ogden Stake.

its plans, its methods. Every person should have

an intelligent answer. Give us the Era! It is a

reliable source of information. St. George, Utah,

(Signed) Frank Evans,"September 27, 1937.

President of Eastern States Mission. "Congratulations on forty years of wonderful

achievement and on the prospects of another forty years of continued improvement,

Salt Lake City, Utah. "The Improvement Era is entitled to the support

"I value The Improvement Era. I appreciate its of every home that wants the best in current

vital messages on Church affairs and other live literature. It is interesting, wholesome, vigorous,

topics. Each month its pages are bristling with and inspirational.

interest. It is a readable magazine and because (Signed) W. O. Bentley,"

of its fine ideals and standards it is a safe magaPresident of St. George Stake.

zine for young and old to read.

( Signed Wilford A. Beesley,"

President of Salt Lake Stake. Phoenix, Arizona,

September 22, 1937.

"I do not know of an institution in the Church

LaGrande, Oregon, that is wielding a greater influence than The ImSeptember 23, 1937. provement Era. Its pages are filled with vital

"Living as we do out in the world, we appretruths attractively written and illustrated.

ciate the Era as the instrument through which the "Congratulations on the marked improvement voice of the Prophet of God speaks to us, and in the last few years in the publication. Maricopa

points the way to life everlasting. Stake's goal is one thousand subscribers this year.

(Signed) Geo. Ariel Bean,"(Signed) /. R. Price,"

President of Union Stake. President of Maricopa Stake.

DRAMATIS PERSONAE PRAYER OF THANKS TRUTH AND BEAUTY

By Clarence Edwin Flynn By Hilda James Worley By Nephi Jensen

WEclown,all are here—the hero and the Welinessthank Thee, gentle God, for loveBurstingAnd glintbudofanddancingblushingstar rose

repose; Beauty's me

all, far. near and I ownThe—Tovillainspeakandourthelines,pauperto andwin theor slavelose a Thattree,through the seasons live on stem and Bring

crown, For masterpieces on a changing sky, regal reign Truth's Serene a grave. the stage toward across move sea; of azureTo every mirrored depths The

faith empowers; heart with My joys of home: for the humbler, sweeter Then

soul's domain; holds Peace ears my strain our the stage, and tread its wall, ties that sanctify everyWe The

life's rarest dowers. I own to hear one's loved a then our kin, and Our friends,

The clap of hands, or hisses rising high. smile

Where in the cast, oh friend, do you To cast its gentle aura over all.

appear? And last we thank Thee doubly for that GOSSIPS which among the characters am I?And hour

The hour wherein our souls commune with By Kathvya Kendall

Thee,

I in the of beauty And chattering is like a clod SO MAY SEE immortality. step Another toward a mountainfrom that silence gain TheirWhich—loosened Barlow Haven Ora By side

destruction in its wake, grim Bares is so great Truth hide! lovely flowers what And oh, see LIGHTS ON A HILL I often cannot

By Mildred Game Like a blinding light eyes before my CHOICE hill stars are a on swung low LIGHTS I see naught AndIt shines prayer to a In answer Coray By Margaret path. in the stumble And bless the in houses a row To

rare, give something them And stars rise, to Help me Rather that Lifting the climb eyes of men of candlelight shafts And God, Great In shining gratitude all hidden, across flow hour; This the has granted That them God forbidden boon ToGrim, turn to Help me build a neighborhood. To Ugliness This beam

Into the darkness..—Than burning white

Of day, that mars Give me always QUEST FOR BEAUTY All loveliness scars. for its portion of By searching Thy power A H. By Anna Hayes truth focus To

of front In me in thee, T the beauty, jeweled skies sought

I see. So may GIFT A I HAVE * breath sweet warm, of oceansighing And

wind.

I sought thee in the break of pounding By Aurelia Pyper DAY A GORGEOUS surf

And Estelle By Webb Thomas where a rosestream meadow quiet lies. I Buthaveit'sa gift,so very small

it is not say That would some I in the thee distant sought place market day, gorgeous a and all. gift at AYou skill artist's has treasold wrought Where it remember? you But rained—doI planned ures rare

chill clouds and the blew the windAnd It is not mine silver filigree ivory and Of gray, hung thrill souls the of men To silken strands of goldencrusted And lace. in late will November. theyAs pictures, songs; singing painting By

again yet Nor I thee, in sought beauty, an arching dome, instead, for a walk went merelySo we Is given me spires, lofty In crested the sun, by higher, gale rose high and theWhile uplift to power yet, lovelier I found sight no this, The than noses red And and cheeks with our home,Then of flame, yet I repeat, words With life, serving within a quiet Love home! fire. the dream by and readTo gift. I have a

But we found we had a gorgeous day, I cannot build

Perhaps because of the weather, Great temples, it is true.

For the glory, it seemed, was not in play Or delve in mysteries of science,

But in simply being together! But this I do:

I stand in awe THE SINGING DUNES BeforeAn artista canvasshows he'swheresearched his soul

And laid it bare;

By Lucia Cabot

(There the wind isin antheoldgrasses,saying andamongblowingthe fishermenthrough thatthe OnI bowhumblyme downbended knee top sand, makes the dunes sing.) While someone speaks his words of faith;

In ecstasy, played a melody had WINDThe the TheI listensongsto the singers sing, dunes, singing Across

And in my heart left echoes, Or see the beauty and the joy

The ghosts of little tunes. The others bring.

And some were songs of happiness, It isn't mine

And some throbbed deep with pain; The power to create;

But silver songs from singing dunes, But still I have a gift, for I

Are never sung in vain. Appreciate. (

WHAT THEY WERE READING November, 1897 November, 1917 November, 1937

Quo Vadis, Sienkiewicz, Little, The Dwelling Place of Light, Northwest Passage, Roberts, DoubleBrown and Co. Churchill, Macmillan. day, Doran.

Hugh Wynne, Mitchell, Century Co. Christine, Cholmondeley, Macmillan. And So—Victoria, Wilkins, MacThe Choir Invisible, Allen, MacExtricating Obadiah, Lincoln, Applemillan.

millan. ton. The Citadel, Cronin, Little, Brown,

The Christian, Caine, Appleton Co. Missing, Ward, Dodd, Mead. and Co.

Captains Courageous, Kipling, CenThe Major, Connor, Doran. The Seven Who Fled, Prokosch,

tury Co. The Salt of the Earth, Sedgwick, Harper.

In Kedar's Tents, Merriman, Dodd, Watt. The Wind from the Mountains,

Mead and Co. Gulbranssen, Putnam.

On Reading Even if we had the inclination and tem which has proved worthwhile. For

the desire, physical limitations would every new book he reads, he reads one "VES'seek ye out of the best books make it impossible for most of us to that has become established. Books

"words of wisdom; seek learnread even one book a day, to say like Franklin's Autobiography, Cering, even by study and also by faith."nothing of one book an hour. Our vantes'Don Quixote, Hugo's Les MisThese words, although spoken by the eyes would rebel at the strain; our etables should be part of the common

Prophet Joseph Smith in 1832, still minds refuse to absorb what was read; heritage of humanity. The more curhave tremendous significance for us our bodies revolt at the restrained rent, popular books should be read

today. position. when their timeliness or their mestheir dissage therefore warrants read. a being Link's develop must We vigorously exhortation comes The taste not misled criminating Gulbranssen's Religion, and be by Return The To

that read mustas a commandment we attractive clever adverthe and makeup and Mountains, The From Wind best. the but onlynot books As good tisers. Heiser's health mentally both Doctor's want American OdysAn We to eager Saints are keepLacterday we fall spiritually this into the category. sey pasfrom books and we The alertness times. the ofabreast Our will sage to therefore read. of time choose to need undoubtedly tend We is ourto through evidenced events

in'interest carefully decrease the as as the these read our books, books we if is It for to us readreading. easy eat. is their but timely our been books have food message worth we Many

that should our minds up we makewe test right considering the of acid tested time and now. by

find timeread. We can finish this In not wanting. been reading found those to do the have books As we

to do.things which we want select, Bible necessity of the class must which come a make we we should

The difficulty arises in seeking out which, during all the years, has proved very definite criticism, including both the best books. At the present time, in a consistent best seller. For Latterday the good and the bad points of each

the United States alone, there are a Saints must come next the standard of them. We shall in this way increase

little better than twentyfour books Church works: the Book of Mormon, our power to analyze books, and we

published daily. Imagine—a book for the Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl shall become better readers and fulfill

every hour of your waking and sleepof Great Price. more nearly the commandment: "Seek

ing day! Senator Borah has developed a syslearning, even by study."M. C. J.

LOG OF A EUROPEAN TOUR

(Continued from page 689) Ibsen. It is reproduced just as he a fine view of the city and the Oslo

brightly, and just a few clouds in used it. Fjord and the harbor.

the sky. After visiting the museum we After a hurried supper we all

We went to the museum which went for a lovely ride to a high went to our rooms to rest for an houses three old viking ships. One point above the city where we had hour before going to the chapel for

was unearthed in 1867, another in meeting. Our meeting was a splen1880, and the last one in 1904. did one. When we arrived the peoThese ships were in huge mounds, ple were all in their places and some

which when they were uncovered, were standing up. The congregawere found to be burial grounds. tion arose as father entered and reThe Osberg ship was found in 1903 mained standing until we had all

and unearthed in 1904 under the come in. The choir made a fine apguidance of the university. It is pearance, all the ladies were dressed

supposed to have been the burial in white. The choir was a splendid

ship of a queen who lived in the one and sang with feeling and spirit.

eighth century. When the ship was Father and Brother Lyman were

found it contained the skeletons of the speakers and they had the atthe queen, her handmaid, twelve tention of the audience all the time.

horses, one ox, and four dogs. After the meeting father remained

From here we went to the Norse to shake hands with those who were

Folk Museum. We were especially eager to meet him.

interested in the room of Hendrik \ {Continued on page 708)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

IT'S ALL IN A WOMAN'S LIFE 1897 1917 1937 This is the way we wash our clothes so early Monday morning.

This is the way we iron our clothes so early Tuesday morning.

This is the way we mend our clothes so early Wednesday morning.

The Improvement Era wishes to express its gratitude to the following companies for their courtesy in making this feature possible: Blackstone Washing Machine Company, Utah Power and Light Company, General Electric Supply Company, White

Sewing Machine Company, Eureka Vacuum Company, Crane Company, Z. C. M. I., Ironrite Company, and the Deseret News.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

1897 1917 1937 This is the way we bake our bread so early Thursday morning.

This is the way we sweep our floors so early Friday morning.

This is the way we take our baths so early Saturday evening.

Ss i-mw

81If

This deluxe tub of the nineties was of coppeilined steel with a polished wood rim.

This is the way we go to church so early Sunday morning!

An actual reproduction of Z. C. M. I. advertisement

appearing October 30, 1897.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

COUNSEL AND God destroy; for the temple of God corruptible and subject to the ills of

COMMANDMENT is holy, which temple ye are."mortal flesh, yet the promise is made

shall, the that through unto they us ideals the reason asand One why General the of ConferenceHPhe again resurrection, quickened and be pirations of the Latterday Saints A first held during three Church the spirthe eternal for tabernacles become ideals aspirations transcend the and of days October, outstand1937, was If its inhabit them. been have which we is other fact of to the peoples that due ing the conferences the of among faithful covenant to comand every literal in believe that they sense a they

in the Spirit the of Church outpouring the shall receive then mandment, we is in offspring the of are very God. He of the of counsel Lord by and way glory. celestial bodies of reward Our Father. created our deed were We iscommandment. remark someThe glorious like of shall the our be body it is likeness, in for His image and times thoughtless unoband by made shall Christ, Redeemer, and Jesus we written: of "In the His image own serving spirit that the persons revof is. as see every man "And Him He female, created body, male and He is elation the guiding not Latterday this in that said hath John, Him,"hope them, blessed called and and them in Saints as times. former This now disciple, himself, "purifieth the beloved their in the day Adam, name whenthought hardly entertained can be by is as (Christ) pure."he even living they created and were becamethe the members Tabcrowded who to truths glorious these govWith souls in the land the footstool upon ernacle the three during of condays it is for natural only ern the us Lord risen of of declaration the God."The

all ference. spirit the possess To who servants to chosen through His speak is in literal to accepted a Lord Mary,of the discernment enlightenment and in to admonition and commandment in else sense. received can be How it Spirit,of the apHoly very was calling ". the the Church, of members,. to reason? brethren, go and myitparent that the pouring out Lord was their clean, to bodies keep upon them I unto unto say ascend Fathem my Spirit giving to theHis and members spirits their contrite their pure, minds ther, to Father; your and and God, my the diof Church and commandment their broken. hearts and and your God."

isrection, timely which needmost and It is that think to hard any member it is glorious a to revelationful in What of increased these days disobedifail the of to the can keep Church to us that are sons "begotten know weence wickedness, and which pervade desire of a and have Wisdom, Word that daughters unto are and God;"the we world. his to pure maintain body undeand

in in created divine image, His even if filed, the of nature understands he perhaps, has President Never, Grant the glorious of image His body! own the the of unto Gospel and power God inspiragreater withspoken and power it is this that thing a sad great What is It exaltation. that so a mystery manytion to multitudes the of assembled lost eternal truth the to has been world fail profess in to these holy know, who thisthe at conference. than Church their disobedience, through that and is it for things, sacred sacred and a the called haveSeldom been members Satan has gained such power among to thing undefiled the keep and body inspiragreaterupon with and power teaching them, them a docdebased influence free every from and powertion the to counsels obey comand in trine origin! their relation to its impair to tends destroy which and of the in to Lord;mandments walk

wisdom's paths and be faithful to Since, then, we are the offspring of functions. If we do know the truth,

principle and covenant, that the Church God, endowed with power through the and then refuse to abide in it, great may escape the evils which are rapsaving truths of the everlasting Gosshall be our condemnation. What exidly consuming the entire world. Never pel and obedience to sacred covenants, cuse shall there be for the man who

has there been a time when such into become like Him, and by the power knows the will of God and does not struction and commandments were of the resurrection—a gift from Jesus heed it? The Jews claimed to be walkmore needed. Christ our Elder Brother and the Only ing in the light of truth as it came down

The world is rapidly being overcome toBegottenrise to Sonthe greatof Godheightsin theof eternalflesh Greaterfrom Moses,Light whenbut theyhe camerejectedto themthe practices. immoral andby womMen everlasting of the fulness the exaltation, covewith faithfully jealousand how children of years tenderen even and nants called of the Gospel. ly Jesus them should guard of these bodies we narare their bodies destroying with flesh bones! and they are While now 707) (Concluded page on stimulants, evilcotics, other and

agencies; and these are finding their

way among the people who are under covenant to observe and keep the MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

laws of God. The standards set up Made by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles

in the Gospel for the Latterday Saints For the Month of August, 1937 are exceedingly high. They are based

upon divine principles which have been Missionary Activities revealed for the temporal as well as 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work 4,514

the spiritual salvation of the children 2. Hours spent in missionary work. 10,027

3. calls tracting of while 8,130 made Numberof other in the people world, men. No first 4. of invitations in while tracting Number 3,829 high hold suchas know, we

5. revisits 2,563 Number of

ideals. that salvation are taught far asWe 6. of conversations Gospel Number 8,776

hereafter, as well as now, depends upon 7. Number of standard Church works distributed 293

keeping the body clean, sweet, and a 8. Number of other books distributed 318

fit tabernacle for the Spirit of God. 9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed 13,664

How can the Spirit of the Lord dwell 10. Number of Books of Mormon sold 153

in unclean tabernacles? Paul cried out 11. Number of hall meetings held 193

cottage of held meetings Number 427in to Saints the of warning words of 12.13. hall of cottage attended and meetings Number 2,400 days: notformer ye that ye "Know of investigators 14. present at cottage Number and hall meetings 2,167

are the temple of God, and that the 15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work 91

Spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any 16. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity through stake

man defile the temple of God, him shall missionary service during the month 178

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

GRADING AARONIC below the same month in 1936, but them to qualify and prepare themselves

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS one point higher than for July. It is to become Deacons. The Primary AspOR several years, a recommendation urgedvisors thatdevoteAaronicspecialPriesthoodattention tosuperthe sociationagency foris thein Aaronicreality a Priesthood,recruiting

"* has been made by the Presiding development of better quorum attendand every possible effort should be

Bishopric that, in wards where there ance during the winter months. made by quorum supervisors to coare two or more quorums, a plan of operate with Primary officers, in orgrading according to age be followed. PRIMARY ASSOCIATION der that all boys may be properly preThe recommendation is that where COOPERATION pared to receive the Aaronic Priestthere are three quorums in a ward, the hood and be ordained at the proper

the plan approved by the T Tnder the constitute boys twelveyear-old Pretime. *** PriestBishopric, siding Aaronic of years thirteen first quorum, those

age would comprise the second quohood supervisors in all wards, in charge TINTIC STAKE VISITS should quorums, of Deacons'third the those fourteen rum, and cooperCHURCH SHRINES ate with Primary in every possible way this plan, a boy Under quorum.

would have a promotion on advanceAssociation teachers of the Guide Aaronic Priesthood members from ment from one quorum to another each Class, which is composed of boys * Tintic Stake visited Salt Lake year. This plan, it is believed, will eleven years of age, and encourage all City in a body on August 20, as the

increase interest and make it possible Primary boys to continue with that outstanding feature of the summer acto hold more boys for the threeyear organization, until they graduate. At tivity program.

period covering the Deacons'quorum the time of graduation, the ceremony Visits were made to President Brigactivity. suggested for such occasions should ham Young's Schoolhouse site, Eagle

meeting, at the conducted Sacrament Gate, forBeehive House, Lion House, are quobe two where there In wards graduated have and and all boys who of mer office of Utah, the Governor division that a it is suggested rums, are recproperly should prepared be Building, Office Church Deseret News, basis, practical the most onbe made for to the ordination AaronStudios, ommended the State Radio CapiKSL in quorum one older boys the leaving ic tol, Priesthood. Presiding Bishop's Office and other. in the Where younger theand

Pripast the three years, the For places. other organare six five, four, or quorums

Association indicate reports that mary the Office Building, the At Church could be grading the in ward,ized one is there of of average 85 per cent an boys fortunate to were enough meet lines, the keeping the along samedone all the elevenyear-old the of boys I. Senator Smoot, Reed Postmaster as together grouped of age eachboys

in enrolled Priactive the and Church A. of Salt City, Smoot a Lake and possible. far as

is It Association. that important mary party of Senators and Congressmen of the sucinstance outstanding An these boys contacted be Deacons'by the East. from in is the this found of plan cess Twensupervisors well in advance arranged the through was The visit in quorum Stake, of the Ensigntieth Ward, of their twelfth birthdays of urge cooperation and the Presiding Bishopric. grading plan has City. The Salt Lake

been in effect for more than two years and has been very successful. Under

direction Second of D.the J. Watts, to THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW assigned bishopric in theCounselor

Deacons'quorum supervision, three A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the quorums have been organized, each Lord's Law of Health with a supervisor, and each containing boys of the same age group. With

the cooperation of Bishop C. Clarence

Neslen and First Counselor, Louis R. REPEAL AND girls regarding the use of liquor by high

Wells, this plan has now been stan- "TEMPERANCE"school boys and girls, brought forth these in comments the result the ward, withdardized prohibition time repeal was the At is attendance increasedthat there and high "The school inboy ** who drinks urged, statements being wereactivity. toxicating liquors 'showoff,'is a a smart indicating that real temperance made aleck, vulgar, reckless."LEADING STAKES IN would be promoted, drinking reduced,

QUORUM ATTENDANCE and bootlegging eliminated by the re- "I do not associate with boys who drink intoxicating liquors."the peal of Eighteenth Amendment. A

Priestleading stakes in Aaronic'T'he issued recently the statement by Na- "They're doing it to be smart or beattendance meeting quorum A hood tional City City Bank York of New they don't cause better."any knowfor the the of August were month inprofits that the folindicates liquor to

lowing: terests in 1936, as compared with 1935, As to their opinion of girls who higher. onethird nearly Per cent were The

drink, they were 62 almost unanimous Grant profits for 1936 were $15,293,000,.. 54 Taylor with: is practically 18 per cent of the which

53 Star Valley total investment. the exception With 53 Maricopa and "Cheap common."

other industries: of three automobiles, - 52 Juarez

Hollywood 52 automobile accessories, and drugs, the "Million times worse than the boys who

Morgan 51 liquor profits were higher than those drink."

San Juan 48 of any other industry in America. "I think high school girls who drink Francisco.48 San

a decided menace.".46 Pasadena GIRLS are SCHOOL.46 HIGH Highland

"Unfit companions."ON LIQUOR FROWN

interesting survey, to the learn "Gives for the attendance average me the impression they are The An "en- * slightlytire attitude for high of Catholic school 'tough.'Church, August, was

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

teaching the people by precept. How

WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, DECEMBER, 1937 manyhood havewho havegiven acceptedthought theof thePriestre- sponsibility that comes with it? God

SQUARING OUR ACCOUNTS WITH THE LORD has made His plans for our welfare;

they are clear and comprehensive to

HThere is still left of the year 1937 enough time, for those who earnestly those who have a desire to know His

A desire to do so, to square accounts with the Lord. There is still time will and keep His commandments,

in which to check back over the year and determine whether or not we there should therefore be no room for have met our obligations in full. doubt in the mind of those who have

The obligations to our Father in Heaven are of three kinds or classes: entered the waters of baptism.

There are honor accounts, duty accounts, and financial accounts. Some of us as of old are called to

As Latterday Saints, we have honor accounts. We have been labor as teachers among the people.

taught the truths of the Gospel, the standards of the Church, and our obligations as members of the Church, and we have been given our free To watch over the Church always, and strengthen be that them; with and and see to violate to the Gospel, or our obey honor—either there in iniquity the neither Church, is no true reonly accounts can honor be settled itsagency—placedteachings. Unpaidupon by other, hardness with lying, neither each

pentance and a determination to make up for past failings by full obbackbiting, nor evil speaking; and see that

servance in the future. the Church meet together often, and also

Duty accounts are those which place upon us the obligation to do see that all the members do their duty.

the things required of us in our Church relationship. Every member has {Doctrine and Covenants, 20:5355.)

duties, duties, duties. family of past the check Church individual and A the Priesthood hold many who How unfulfilled. obligations are of us again which duty will remind year Here

willing to are cut carry prepared and in to the true determination years repentance and coming up make a only instructions these must and many how obligations the the duty. of of can past for remissness repay

first set in their order houses and own titning, fast offerings, obligations include maintenance, Financial ward will before converted carry out they for of purposes. the contributions other of be Church end money At and

instructions. these

is suitable time appropriate to check learn the and year a back and whether or not we have met our financial obligations to the Lord. There Every man holding the Priesthood should

is still time in which to make amends for failure to meet these obligations. learn his duty, and to act in the office in

all diligence. is appointed, in which he He it the best greet approaches, to Year a with promises way As New

is slothful shall that not counted be woris satisfaction, to happiness, clear meet and it with conscience a stand, that his learns thy to he and not the obligations of the of having past met knowledge to the a year himself shall duty and not shows approved—withof success,

very best of our ability. not be counted worthy to stand. (Doctrine

and Covenants, 107:99100.)

After careful study and prayerful thing preparation the needed most by every doctrine, of sleight wind by the STAKES IN with LEADING TENTHE acting teacher possession is to an be in of craftiness, men, cunning and whereby FOR TEACHINGWARD lie if in Spirit they the the to of of deceive; wait he has Lord; a 1937AUGUST, in love, But truth the speaking grow will desire to the the of may Lord, know

all into in is things, which Him the his efforts will blessed, and, be if he cent per reported 100 of uphead, Christ; even is prayerful, will he be humble and as in August, comTeachingCixWardstakes fitly the joined From whole body whom guided. five stakes with Twelve in July.pared together that compacted and by which

stakes reported 90 per cent, or above. every joint supplieth, according to the efHe should upon entering the homes

The ten leading stakes for August fectual working in the measure of every of the Saints, familiarize himself with part, of increase the maketh life.were: body unto the of conditions the This home

itself in the edifying love. of (Ephesians, cent Per mainly through be can observadone 4:1116.)—.100 Juarez It tion. to is not always be wisdom

Los Angeles 100 To this end we are given the Priesttoo inquisitive or to ask pointed ques100 Beach hood and commissioned Long life, to go forth, tions habits, concerning and home 100 Bear Lake matters. visit personal should Every 100 Oneida

Franklin - 100 SHINING FAITH be characterized by gentleness, kindWeber 97 ness, and the spirit of brotherly love.

Big Horn 96 By Ruby W. Simmerman A teacher should never leave his home

96 Davis South visit a without first the asking make shining, to are windows gold and - 96 There Ogden blessings for the guidHis Lord and through; God's light beaming With

There are clouds with silver linings, ance of His spirit.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE That bring us faith anew.

WARD TEACHER Sometimes we see the windows, andA whoteacheris inwhopossessionbelieves ofin thehis Spiritwork light; the But not gleaming is visitor the in of a the Lord welcome apostles; some, and some, He gaveAnd see the cloud, dark we Saints of the the often homes evangelists; and prophets; more some, and Sometimes and

bright. lining the But not teachers; pastors visits his andsome, the greater the happiness,

For the perfecting of the Saints, for Dear Lord: I thank Thee for the sun the greater the encouragement, the

for ministry, the edifying thethe of work. all desire greater the to light; serve glorious God. And Thy We Christ; of theof body for the I thank Thee moonbeams are strengthened associating through

all Till in the of the unity come we the clouds so bright. They make strong. faith with the receive Wefaith, of the of the knowledge of and Son

God, unto a perfect man, unto the meas- I thank Thee for Thy care each day through works, and partake of the ure of the stature of the fullness of Christ; And for Thy wondrous love. Spirit of the Lord when unity, love,

That we henceforth be no more chilHelp me to understand Thy plan and kindness have prepared us for its dren, tossed to and fro, and carried about And reach to Thee above. reception.

Exploring the Universe A newly perfected tungsten incanBy FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

*"* descent lamp is coiled and recoiled light light, cent ato give 10 more per results Alfalfa beings. staingives panels to good comparable man VKTindow year. million dollars of ten asaving

It is unusually scurvy. counteracting afforded are a "'ed glass by new in into are filaments theUsually wound in minerals. high marble. Taking advantage is translucent this coil in the but lampa coil,

wound 335 turns to the inch into very of the crystalline makeup of marble, selecting cutting, and by proper and to attached a typeto be itself coil coils, thesmall and then **""*A device interior is the structure the of marble can four to writer from one makes coil into to the times another 70wound light be shown. Ordinary bulbs may originals, as duplicate copies appear leadinch, stretched between and two

in wires instead of forming the present be used for novel effects with fixtures by using extra ribbons built into the semicircle. or interior walls. machine. Another innovation is a

white typewriter ribbon using aluminum has been found Alfalfa South by clearly possible for typing ink making for voice as powerful wereTf man's ''*'African biologists an other dark colored to make prints or blue exon tree frog, size of the his as that he cellent palatable and vegetable for hupaper.could be heard from eastern Washington state to New York City, according to Science Service.

Ironrife The Double Utility Ironer

TTo eliminate the crackle and rustle of * ordinary paper an almost noiseless paper has been developed for sound studios.

Tnstead of many strand barbed wire * fences, animals can now be kept fenced with a single strand electric fence. Touching the strand gives a

shock sufficient to discourage an animal from going through, yet will not injureit or humans. "Jaim But hh pwm

Buy a New Modern hdbuc /Centralization will be possibleof thewithfighttheon cancerthreequarters of a million dollar NationalCancer Institute, appropriated by ConIronrife gress. IRONING MACHINE

A punctureproof inner tube is ** made by putting a layer of plastic selfsealing composition on the insideof the tube. A puncturing object can SCHOSS QUALITY

the holes will selfseal and removedbe ELECTRIC CO.

loss of air.without Ogden, Brigham City. Tremonton, Utah. APPLIANCE shop

Malad, Idaho 45 West Broadway—Salt Lake City, Ut.

frying be used. pans can/lass now

call For iurther information E. Wilkins. or write Gordon Factory Representative,-* glass of variety type Pyrex A new

3100 Calif. Telegraph Ave., Oakland, resists heat which developedhas been

so well that it can be used directly in contact with the flame.

General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. W. M. I. A.

SO NORTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING

of special ScoutExplorer promotion of the executive board of the Oregon -o. meetingsare now underin variousway partsin accordanceof the Churchwith TrailgraphedAssociation.scenes alongHenearlyhas photoall of

the new plans. the Mormon Pioneer route from Nauas designated Giles has been gath- D. Salt and City John to Lake voo M. M. ANNOUNCES for Field Supervisor large the Y. erection for history the of a M. M. ered FIELDI. A.NEWY. special to the assignments along erected of number monuments I. A.M SUPERVISION—withPLAN departments, Scout Explorer and sites trails Men, with historic connected and

"\17ith inauguration of the fall and and Era and Publicity. the history of the Church and the de-

"winter season in the Y. M. M. I. John D. Giles enters the duties of this velopment of the western states. He

A. a new plan of organization, motinew position with a lifetime of qualifyis the author of a number of magazine

vation, and field supervision of the ing experience behind him. In comarticles relating to these subjects.

fields mercial distinguished he has to Supervisor came new Field The Scout, Explorer Men proand M advertising, himself in promotion, of the Y. and the General Board M. M. this hasgram become effective. Under

plan a Churchwide program is to be selling activities. He has long been I. A. in 1929 and has earned much

conducted in cooperation with the identified as an eminently well qualiprestige in Churchwide circles as a

Presiding Bishopric and the Sunday fied "boys'man"in ward and stake "boys man"since that time.

Schools which is designed to bring newvitality and interest in Church activity LET'S GO TO MUTUAL to every young man and boy in the '"Phis phrase has caught fire and is

Church. * spreading all over the Church. PeoThe new ScoutExplorer plan inple are saying it throughout Utah,

cludes some organization changes which Idaho, California, and the other states place full responsibility for committee and missions of the United States and work as well as program promotion in England, Germany, Scandinavia, with Y. M. M. I. A. officers of stakes and in other foreign missions.

and wards. Aaronic Priesthood officers, This is the way they say it in Denwho have in a number of stakes for mark:

several years cooperated in Scout and Lad os goa til Ungdomsmode.

Explorer committee work, are now to And in Sweden:

be relieved of detailed responsibility Kom med oss till Utbildnings foreningen.

in Scouting in order that their efforts And in Norway:

may be devoted to Priesthood quorum La oss ga pa Ungdoms mote.

supervision through the Aaronic PriestAnd this is the way they might say hood correlation plan, which includes it in Germany:

groups representing Aaronic PriestWir Gehen Nach G. F. V.

hood, Sunday School, and Y. M. M. I. Let us use this phrase in salutation

A. The full cooperation of Priesthood to each other as we meet in the home,

leaders is to be maintained. on the street, at school, at business.

The supervision plan for Scouting, The very saying of it will make us which includes Explorers, is to include want to go to Mutual and when we strengthening of contacts with Naget there the program is so delightful that SUPERVISOR FIELD we are sure to continue our atJOHN D. GILES,tional, Local Council Regional, and

A. M. I. OF Y. M. tendance. frequent surveys ofScout Executives,

affectingconditions L. D. S. boys in activities years he has where for done ARE YOUR COMMUNITY active of the promotion Scouting, and notable service in Scouting, Aaronic COMMITTEES of the use program.wider Scout The In ACTIVITY Priesthood, and I. A. work. M. ORGANIZED? in L.aim is every to have D. S. boy the Eighteenth Stake Ensign and Ward

Scouting. he has been a ward and stake superin- A completely organized community

A conference with Scout Executives tendent of Y. M. M. I. A., ward activity committee, with two enin the central Church area, which has Aaronic Priesthood leader, and stake ergetic counselors as chairmen and

already been held, a survey of each high councilman. wellqualified directors in the various

council by the Scout Executive, and He studied at the Brigham Young activities as members, is one of the a survey of each stake through the University, and after working in the most important factors in insuring sucstake superintendents were the first business office of the Deseret News for cess in the M. I. A. program. Ward

steps in the campaign. five years established an advertising officers, if you have not already done

More intensive supervision and adagency, the first in Salt Lake City. so, make every effort to place on this

ditional field work among M Men orHe was for fifteen years superintendcommittee directors in music and draganizations are also important parts ent of the Y. M. M. I. A. in the Ensign ma and dancing and in any other of

of the new plan. More frequent conStake. He helped to establish the the subjects you are taking up; espetacts with district and stake M Men fathers'and sons'outings and the M cially the subjects being considered on

supervisors, plans for increasing inMen movement. He has devoted the the Assembly Programs. This comterest in Master M Men activities and past twentyfour years to Boy Scout mittee has a fine piece of work outthe use of the athletic program to build work and is chairman of the organizalined for this year and a real opporclass attendance and activity are contion committee of the Salt Lake Boy tunity to enrich the lives of M. I. A.

templatedM Men underschoolstheinneweachplan.of the thirScouttary ofCouncil.the UtahHePioneeris executiveTrailssecreand members.tion and satisfactionThe rewardin buildingin selfeduca-up the

teen districts of the Church and a series Landmarks Association and a member entire organization will be great.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

A HOBBY EXCHANGE begun to teach the M. I. A. dances, the BOOKS, BOOKS

"Aloha Oe"Fox Trot, the "Gleam"to readlike like encourage Page would TT7e'd you much a HobbyTJow the Green and "Gold and Waltz it this course, * ing winter. A in each month? page Of the Era A will parties dancing Caprice."Your

where you could describe the thing be much better by reason of it. Let's would be well to start upon the readthat you are doing that gives you so have a hundred thousand dancing these ing course book, The Return To Religmuch joy and cultural uplift and where dances by Christmas and make of it one ion, but while one member of the class

you could read what other people are of the greatest dance movements in the is reading that book, if you are merely doing all over the Church? If you world. passing it around, another could read

would enjoy such a page, indicate it Utah Sings, or one of the other splenby sending at once a brief, clear, did books suggested in the Manual.

snappy description of your especial A liberal education awaits those who hobby. Sign your name and tell where will set aside some time for reading.

live. in shall report be governed a book,you read have you When We Axel Chairmen; Emily Adams, C. A. and Madsen of rethe publicationthe stake leader number to then by and we'd your L. Stevenson, Dr. Richard Evans, Grace L. A.

Nicholson, Neslen, Aurelia P. Laura ofsponses, character us. the Bennlon.C itlike to to report leader the hobby, the stake

and the interest of the description. ENLISTMENT We'rereads allgoingof tothe givebookseverybodya right whobig

it is credit readers call such 1st and six mark. November We'll

travelers successful the friendly along since the fall opening.DRAMA ATTereA weeks By

A ll reports indicate the most general this time, every Adult member of the road to an education.

* satisfaction with our 193738 Book ward should be in the class or should Don't overlook the fact that The of Plays that we have yet had. You be accounted for. If this is not the Improvement Era contains some rich

will find a very interesting group of case, get a list of the adult membership material. The writer of these notes,

plays, from the simple comedies—which from the ward clerk and visit each as soon as the October number came,beginners can do—to big drama, callone. Mutual work has such a broad sat down and read the entire grist of

ing for the best efforts of your most scope that there should be something poems. He was very well paid. Isn't

talented people. We are publishto appeal to each person. Help each "My Velvet Gown,'by Zara Sabin, a

ing this year individual copies of one to find it! delightful, oldfashioned ballad type

each of the eight plays contained in the of verse? Linnie Fisher Robinson's

volume. must purchase little ward The spots page on the "Homing"at EVENING SOCIAL two of theleast one of Plays copy Book in them. both sweet have memories

to entitle to produce any one them visited the Star have Valley All who therein. playsthe Indicontained will factory others of ''"Drothera friendOscarof hisA. whoKirkhamwas visitingtells of cheese and many

vidual copies may then be obtained for America, studying American life. What enjoy "Star Valley and Swiss Cheese."

members of the cast of the particular he considered typical of that life, he In fact, the Era brings us many things play being presented. Call your ward found one evening when he was inof interest as well as importance. You

directors together and decide on some vited to a home with a group. There will do a fine thing, perhaps, if you

method of procedure in the exchange he saw the group of friends gathered will take a few minutes for an exchange of plays by the wards, leading up to around the fireside, eating together, of "Eraettes."

your stake Drama Festival. singing together, playing together, and

talking together of principles rather

DANCING thanone isofwithpersonalitiesa group orof things.this kind,Whenhow

'""Inhere may be all the trappings of can he help feeling the spirit of friendgilt, tinsel, color, A pleasure—rose liness, cooperation, and growth. Frank Chairman: Eyre. McGhie, Floyd G. W.

all these,plush despite draperies, but S. Dr. F. C. Warner, Werner Harris, Homer

there is too frequently little sponKiepe, Dr. Wayne B. Hales.

taneity, little variety, no play, no mirth.

The modern dance is essentially a Iore completely to inform all stakedance for two and too often is not Stnlou *"and ward officers and teachers social. The twosome convention alDr. L. L. Daines and Charlotte Stewart, Chairmen; associated with M Men of the many

details of Hansen, Lucy R. Merrill, Dr. George H. H. W. to sociability outlows no opening and

Polly Clawson, Smith, Hazel Brockbank, F. Vida tivities, the It is friendliness. stiff, formal, usually theM variedMen committeeprograms ofof acthe R. Hardy.

and unimaginative."So says Maria General Board has scheduled instiWard Lamkin, as a result of her careCince the socialization of the Senior tutes to be held in the thirteen M Men ful survey of dance halls throughout Group is our project, several of districts of the Church. Beginning on

the country. the wards have been thinking up ways October 10, at Richfield, Utah, the

Our M. I. A. is doing much to do to do it. One ward has used the Boy entire committee accompanied by Genaway with some of the undesirable Scout plan for formulating "patrols eral Superintendent George Q. Morris,

situations mentioned above, notably among the Seniors. These groups have conducted the first of these institutes.

nonsociability, by introducing into our come together on a common interest The dates for the other districts are church parties group dancing and other basis and are having some good times as follows:

basis. the "patrol"means of developing friendliness and on

a plan is sociability. Such effective where the DistrictOctoberNo.17,10 Districtat Los No.Angeles;3 at OctoberOgden;

We are also probably making history Senior Group is too large to be well 24, District No. 12 at Phoenix; October

greater than we know by gathering accommodated in a home. Of course, 31, District No. 4 at Logan; November

something definite out of the chaos of such wards will have larger parties 7, District No. 6 at Provo; November 14,

modern dancing and giving uniformity in the amusement hall or elsewhere District No. 5 at Montpelier; November

District 21, Falls; at District 8 No. Twin the patrols together style form, of step to come and may Trot where the Fox

13 at Cardston, Canada; No. November socialize class. the entire "official"establishing Waltz, and by

28, District 2 at City; Cedar No. Decemshall to in to hear be glad dances be danced every church andWethus District 12, 11 of any ber Francisco. No. at San

dancing party. This will at least carry plan that has really worked in the Dates for District No. 7 at Pocatello and

over to the oncoming generations some wards. Senior Leaders, will you not District No. 9 at Salt Lake City will be

definite knowledge of the dances of kindly have your scribe send in acannounced later.

this generation as we have knowledge counts of what you are doing? We'd

of the dances of the past generation. like to know and pass on the good Meetings will be held at 9:30 a. m.

It is hoped that all directors have word to other groups. (Continued on page 706)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

(Continued from page 705) thing to the light lunch that was served. the young women of the Church to deand at 1:30 p. m. at which time comAltogether it made a very outstanding velop their program on a partnership

plete discussions will be given on the evening that none of us will ever forget. basis is in keeping with the kind of

following subjects: Barnwell Gleaners. education that has developed where

) Membership, ( ) Organization, together. girls play and ( 1 and boys work 2 Girls of Barnwell Dear Activities, Ward—We (3) Joint field following the the come have From M delighted to were hear from and you Activities, Separate (5) reports Men (4) MenGleanerM find that ourselves hoping now we Athletics Teaching, andManual (6) out this found in stake have The Men will splendid planning carry same M Athlete, Fi your the and Care (7) toes, to keep our up that be have on we into winter's over your work. Are (8'the Program, of nance Men in ladies the our with young ofM the work,—theto all for organized the year you with a Activities, Spiritual Cultural is and (9 interesting however and experience we president, Girl vice president, Gleaner lots fun. 193738. Officers for of of Election are having

secretary, treasurer? and is such There interrealize more how much We didn't

officers a big year ahead for your discussions with esting could the class be the joint responsibility of conducting the young men present.

of our people MenGleaner the the with The young on first Tuesday M M Men off pairing are each other with the ten month, of each at the department minutes

Helen M. Cannon,S. Williams,Rose W.Chairman:Bennett,ErmaKatieRoland,C. Jensen.Ann yourbeginningcommitteeof eachappointments,Tuesday nightlibrarianfor asprogramnever hasbefore;broughtwe feelthis thatabout.the conjoint

TO GLEANER LEADERS: reports on the reading course books, A little team work on the part of

the for planning acand your ward teacher the the Gleaner and Men is corner, you to 'T'his your where be M tivities. let us again hear from you Do instructor to Girl has been be found * pertainquestions bring your may tell is everything us going and up how interestenthusiastic, to conducive an write to ing work. you Gleaner Won't in there Canada. are wishing And we parclass. report ing of told a One plans, telling your and of hopes your us officer that every Gleaner reads who ticular the men's where young ward forthis year goes asaccomplishments letter will testifor your time make teacher teacher the and young women'sward? meetings their and of Treasure mony in lesson. turns giving take the These in the stakes Church 118 the Besides luck books. Truth and Good you may teachers understanding an have two carrying forwardthere are missions in blessed undertakings. be your will his that enrich to best each each do I. this work, great A. Y. same M. allW. Gleaner Committee. it is lesson. other's the Gleaner When this corner, in to your writingand

questions, your answers, may help some A Gleaner leader sends the followteacher's turn to give the lesson the far distant Gleaner group, so let us ing inquiry: Young Men's teacher also makes a

hear from you. Address your letters To the Gleaner Committee: thorough preparation and does all he

material. to supplementary leader Gleaner can a add wondering The am what Y. c/o Committee,to Gleaner The W.

I I to girls, six only do have when for the thing Iam young do same women I. A., Main. North 40M. six the in only ward. conditions Our my is call the men. That what young we

first letter from Canada comes that are entire Our to the such carry out Gleaner It capital would T! with a teamwork

is impossible. offer plan reads: you anyand Can difficult class for to lag discussion a be solution? shall do? Just take What we Girls of Barnwell Ward, Gleaner The this cooperation. of kind with it, it part of well try to or and do carry greetings to send Stake, wishLethbridge is fine spirit of cooperation This everything out as programmed? a but everywhere. to Gleaners Though

small group, we are very much interested A Ward Gleaner Teacher. bound to carry over into the other

and we have made our summer work one To Gleaner Teacher: parts of the program this winter. The

of the highlights of vacation time. We hope By all means, simplify the program banquet and the Gold and Green ball

all the activities conjoint other enjoyed areother have summer Gleaners and as to needs. meet your the from Draw

have. responsibilitywe activities equally with in suggestions given the those Manual in the spring school since stopped Ever divided. of the phases will Gleaner plan which nearly held meetings our havewe before such has there been Never help five to the reach most you obfinished our not every week. had WeGleaner enthusiastic the to readresponse jectives of Gleaner of an work, which, solessons have Mutual stopped when we

continued them during our summer meetcourse, you know are: ing course books. Every Gleaner-M

ings, holding them at the home of one of 1. To know and live L. D. S. prinMen class should have a librarian who

our members who has been bedfast, and ciples. lends these two fine books to the

to to get all unabletherefore been have class would will that so have an members 2. establish social normal adjustTo

all, services at held not hadany Church we to them. opportunity books read The ments.

our class at home. her are to Friends Influence and Win How 3. develop stake loyand ward To little in the having Recently, a money Carnegie, People, Step Dale and by A alty. activities, treasury winter our from we Little Higher, Evans. by John Henry 4. train for leadership. pins, sheets, division covers, To Gleanerbought

pedigree and picture charts, and postcards 5. To prepare for eternal marriage.

for of our "Treasures the Gleanerof Ruth the spirit of Keep wholesome fun SUGGESTIVE M MENGLEANERTruth,"are very enthusiwhich about we in alive happiness and your Gleaner astic. sick also surprised SUNDAY NIGHT CONJOINT our member We Success work above all.

love. of our a little tokenby to you. PROGRAM Gleaner Committee. that present her night our gave The we

our lesson on Testimonies came. We hope 1—M MenGleaner Chorus. that every Gleaner Class followed the sug- 2—Prayer, Gleaner Girl.gestion given in the Manual for having a 3—Solo, M Men or Gleaner.testimony meeting after the lesson, for that 4—Advantages of discussing "Youths'Opis what we did, and we all feel that we portunities with Youth."

Talk, Leader. 10 Minute'have enjoyed never so anything much. M Men is gratifying to the Tt MenGleaner M Gleaners Should fasting, to the afterAll meeting came 5—"Why Men and and M

Girl that committee so many enActivities Participate in Their the Togethgiven, lesson each been her bore had testimony. Three ladies whom we had thusiastic reports are coming in, reer?"Gleaner Leader.

invited to to meeting, attend our the conjoint us garding the spoke program. Living of 6—"The Master WorkMen M

then the girls of each rose to her first; and Suitable a Code, Makes More ing together, together, Comstudying Me and

feet voluntarily and said a few words. planning conjointly is found to be the panion for a Gleaner Girl,"by M Man.

spirit presaThere wonderful most was the Living of Gleaner 7—"The has Coeducation fun we anticipated.ent. Girls their never had borne Helps of who Be Worthy To An Me SheafM itself right to be the of type testimonies all proved did night, that before so and Companionship,"Gleaner Man's by a

finer things education the to develop felt that the us. Girl. indeed Lord with was

After testimony meeting a little social that help to make life more enjoyable 8—M Men and Gleaner Chorus."was held, each girl having contributed someand complete. For the young men and 9—Closing prayer, by an M Man.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

Two Brothers

(Concluded from page 683) *2umiou in Pain both was Josephson, Chairman; Martha G. Smith, Marba C. faces. A knowlFolsom, Sarah CatherineEmily Higgs, H. that beof Godkinship awful R. ArthurD. E. Hammond,E. Peterson.Chairman: Philo T. Farnsworth. edge Cannon.

similarity! them! tween What What

is valuable Scout a program Boy HThe in contrast! Compassion one—desuggestion offers/HICAGO stake to the characterbuilding adjunct in the spair other! and Triumph airplane, for question our in influences offered Imour Mutual box—anthis defeat! damnation! Salvation and letters. airmail add And, may we Association provement work. Where

evil! hate! and Love and Good station letters, to over the is leadership appropriate, ample andand—answers surveywordless, Together, they fortunate G. bethe indeed are boys who J.

jagged ed the field. The pensive is leadership or weak Where here are some airmail letters long. And silence eloquent. vascillating, the cannot be was programto you. effective. Now that school has started The mockery of a smile bit like

If you were having a dinner party, and the M. I. A. is functioning at its acid into Satan's somber, malevolent

of guests came your whenand some best, attention given should be some clear face. Savior's shadeyes The

half over, a handed youthe meal was to the of leadership. troop improvement brother, his as looked he upon owed said, flowers, "Sorry, of andbouquet In leadership councils Scout most outcast, one. the the homeless He I things do. to other Your havebut training offered. are courses being

the holy been upon had once must be runbut I looks delicious,meal not should These be overlooked. A who walked had mountain and think of God and youning along,"what would trained leader better scouting means

how would you feel? What is your and consequently better boys in the up and down in the midst of the

opinion of this kind of action at reliChurch. stones of fire! And now he reigned

gious gatherings? May we suggest a Many boys of Scout age are not yet alone in a world of his own creation,

campaign for this as a substitute. being reached by scouting. This is the angel of the Bottomless Pit!

opportunity. for the so"Thanks much initiate the the to of time year membereerie shone glow like dawn An

I for sing to shall glad you some be ship drives. reboys have The who Christ. forth the of whiteness from

I in singing tonight time, butother am their cently birthdays, twelfth reached fell, in soft and, the radiance A I rather stay ward, and would ownmy the Scouts, the dropped and boys who light, Lucifer face old the looked of service."entire thefor desire have the urge or never to had

infinitely tired. and join scouting singled out, should be live Girls our Junior up to can How in the intangible Something was contacted, enroll. to After and urged will project,department show "We air. the comemotion beyond An these efboys every become members of places worship?"forreverence

"Men are that they might have joy."fort should be made to hold them. If prehension of man hovered there.

But can you find anywhere a statement the leadership is efficient and the real It was as though each strove to like this: "Thou shalt enjoy thyself scouting program is applied there need reach over the abyss of time. To*

regardless of any detriment it will do be little fear of losing a single member. realize again the harmony of their

thine own character; of any annoyance In M. I. A. organizations where cocreation. Memory cried out like a

it will cause thy neighbor; of any disoperation exists, reasonable effort weird strain from some unearthly,

encouragement made, and places to it willrespect sacred show it place. given, ethereal as then had And

usually succeeds. scouting "I so glad Or,and things?"I am am left.. it music, strange so come like

early again tonight. I shall have a few

moments to meditate in this sacred place The screaming again. The flashbefore the crowd gathers. I wonder ing! The naming! I was sinkinghow the Lord felt when this building Melchizedek... sinking... and then I pressed

I tight the shut to Keep out dedicated my eyes do hope to Him?was we Priesthood

spirit there. millions firespecks always of sweetcan keep dancing the same

here that was present the day the (Concluded from page 700) Wings thrummed. Deep, resoundchurch house was dedicated. Here blind leaders of the blind, and said ing roars shook the earth. Cool

comes the organist. Oh! hello, Mary unto them: fingers of rain stroked my face. I

I sit listen this to into andLou. judgment by me "For Come am come eyes. opened my

Isthis music. preliminary your that not might see mother world, they which were They gone! And the battlefine. Isn'tbetter? that see; That's see might be Mutual they which and

grand?"made blind."field was left to struggling human-

"And some of the Pharisees which ity and to the wind which sighed

We have launched, at different were with him heard these words, and and moaned like a woman over the times, two slogans relative to the Sabsaid unto Him, Are we blind also? blood, the bones, and the broken

bath and a weekly halfholiday; and "Jesus said unto them, If ye were flesh.

we stand for spiritual growth through blind ye should have no sin; but now

attendance at sacrament meetings. The ye say, We see; therefore your sin

sacrament meeting is the most imporremaineth."to observe the Sabbath day and keeptant meeting in the Church for us womThe members of the Church who it holy, or refuse to pay his honest

en folk. What will you do for yourself heard the inspired words of President tithes and offerings.

and for others in your department to Heber J. Grant during the conference, It is the duty of the men who are

help us live up to this opportunity and and the members unto whom these called to preside in the quorums of the responsibility? words shall come, cannot henceforth Priesthood to see that these admonirise laid ignorantly they beare tions up and say have and commandments

letters. these Consider which Decide relation in great these to fore the the sinned of quorums, and commembers

for group. to plan apply your Help sufficiently officer that are the Church, of and mandments. they properly No progress. something your about Do is officiate in in to taught. appointed the person Church he whether Every

in plan. the results. Rejoice callings desires to the of truth the the or loves the Priesthood and obey who

Continued, consistent effort will get auxiliary organizations, from this day its precepts, will rejoice and turn to* us farther toward the star we have forth can rise up and make a valid exthe Lord with renewed faith and keep hitched our wagon to, than will spurts cuse for disobeying the commandment every covenant and commandment.

of enthusiasm. to keep the Word of Wisdom, or fail—/. F. S.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937 people have extended every courLog of a European Tour tesytion. andThe givensceneryus andeveryweatherconsiderahave

(Continued from page 697) united in making their contributions

August 29, 1937 of beauty and so we all feel happy

We left our hotel yesterday over this trip and are assured that morning soon after eight and were the Church will profit by father's at the station for some time waiting visit.

train. able notfor the were We to Tuesday, August 31, 1937 train seats thereserve went on so we

Saints morning and toearly get good seats. We were

to see at the docks YESTERDAYElders were in this time.not compartments The

cars are narrower than ours at us off. The weather was ideal, all

home; the aisle is at the side of the the clouds and mists of the day havseat for two, and then on the other ing cleared away and all was propitious for a pleasant voyage. Asside is a single seat. We occupied

the double seats and three men the we were standing on the ship Venus, single ones. Opposite us was a nice waiting for it to pull out, someone

looking Japanese gentleman. suggested that father sing "O Ye

all the We went up 4,000 feet to reach Mountains High."He sang

the summit and were above the timverses, and we on the ship and the ber line. Here the vegetation was missionaries and a few of the Saints

very scarce and the rocky tops of OLDA FAMILIARTYPE TELEPHONEMAGNETOOBJECT OF THE WALLNINETEENTHSET—standing on the shore, joined in the

all stanza. CENTURY. last part of each (FOR THE MODERN VERSION SEE Then green. ofthe bare mountains We PAGE 726.) the chorus of sang "Carry On,"we glacier, to quite close a andcame

it reminded us of the glaciers in on the ship singing in English and the during people stood and many in the singing shore those Noron blue could seeAlaska. the deep We all the service. entire in Oslo, As ship to the wegian. began move Ascoloring. rode came down As we we in choir dressed ladies of the were strains the of away Thank for "Weinto mountains, high very and

white. Prophet,"a Thee, came God, For of a the along miles O banksmany

little over for a an spoke Father shore. the the group up on from It fjord. magnifilarge a most was

all delighted with and were hour we calling of a goodbye, There was thickly to see the towering,cent view to his speak sermon. seemed He ship handkerchief waving, the and extending mountains downwooded interpreter the great ease with and of slowly, turned out were and weinto so the water. water was The

well, the brethren did so unwho sight people of those welhad who it the mirrorclear as acted a and us. told held have derstood all We heartily so us done and comed if as looked they wentmountains

down into the water. tonight the last scheduled public in their power to show their appremeeting. days have Twentyfour visit. ciation father's of at there arrived Bergen we When left for the since London passed we the spent has been on Today of people, misgroup a goodlywas as tonight Scandinavias and we train. at arrived Newcastle, Saints,sionaries We welcomed and who activities of these the on a. 8 about England, m. and were at reflect nestles right cityus. down The filled satwith are three weeks we there half behour a about an and high mountain. side ofthe a

isfaction. Our meetings have been fore we left the boat. We had to

The meeting tonight was a splenwell attended, the newspapers have show our passports a few times, have did one. The house was crowded published friendly material, the our baggage inspected, and then

were at liberty to take the train.

London, Wednesday, September 1, 1937 HPonight A. meethad an M. I. we Let LONG DISTANCE the mission ing with and board

in interested the Elders were who Round out [the Family Circle the has work. There been some

very good M. I. A. work done here

Is there some one in your family who in this mission and we were happy hasn't been home for a long time? Perover the bright outlook for the work

haps a youngster away at school... a son or daughthis winter.

ter married and living out of town... a husband off Thursday, September 2, 1937

on a business trip. HPoday we have been shopping

again, and visiting some places as you of interest. The whole party ate They have good news and cheer for you—just

have for them. And wouldn't it do them a lunch at Cheshire Cheese Inn.

lot of good to hear the sound of your voice? This is a famous inn where Dickens, Johnson, Boswell, and many other

notables came to eat and drink their glasses of beer. This building was

The Mountain States Telephone rebuilt in 1669 and has been practically the same since then. We

the seats Dickwhere shown.. were & Telegraph Company always sat. There Johnson ens and

is a copy of Johnson's first diction708

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

STT3 0W Jfa CMvu/dtiiJiM Log of a European Tour

When The Improvement Era ary. It consists of two volumes,

S.-o started upon its career forty each one as large as our dictionary,

years ago, under the capable some first editions of Dickens'and aggressive business manworks, pictures, chinaware, and agement of Heber J. Grant, other relics of the past. The manmore than a score of loyal and agement tries to keep up the tavern

enterprising national an d just as it was three hundred years their institutions western gave china use ago. willowware They

2. 5Sadvertis- the support through salt quaint old shakpepper on and

first volof the ing columns their ers beef serve and and famous ume.. Of those whose names kidney pie on plates of the same

appeared in the Era then, sevpattern.

eral have survived the twoscore years of change and are After leaving Cheshire Cheese represented in this Fortieth Inn we visited the home of Samuel ui"Er S"s er

Anniversary Issue, among Johnson. This house has been a.Grg 3 g,

them museum for about forty years. The

guide, a delightful lady and an

Denver & Rio Grande Western.... ardent admirer of Johnson, gave us

Inside Cover Back feeling that for never a Johnson we 726 Furniture H. Dinwoodey Co

life his family before. His and had (Utah Heber J. Grant & Co.

Home Fire Ins.) 719 great humanitarian qualities were

Union Pacific Railroad (Oregon emphasized. She told of his caring

Line) 664 Short for of poor people and hundreds 657 Z. C. M.

for thirty keeping years in his home Zion's Savings 1 Bank & Trust Co.659

a blind woman who was no relation and who was so disagreeable that

To the advertisers of forty he often had to bribe the maids to years ago, and to all the prostay and care fof her.

gressive and foresighted infrom room to room stitutions that have come into We went pictures furniture and and that time, the where since our pages in just bric-a-brac were as it was editorial business manand were taken into the agement of The Improvement his day. We

Era extends appreciation for attic where he did his writing and the Era and for its great host where his wife never came to disof Churchwide readers. turb him.

Amalgamated Sugar Company..721 Friday, September 3, 1937

Beneficial Life Insurance Com- \\7"e are all quite excited tonight pany Back Cover Bintz, W. H. Co 722 and have been humming "And

722 University Again, Again, Brigham Young Home It's Home

Burlington Chicago, & Quincy to- o, z times America For Me,"several 658 Railroad Co 726 day. Our last day in London has Deseret Book Company

Deseret News Press 720 been spent by father in visiting newsEureka Vacuum Cleaner Co. 722 paper men and steamship company

Ford Motor Company 718 officers, counseling with Brother LyGhirardelli 709 Company

Hotel Utah, 723 man, writing in books for the Elders, The

KSL Radio Station 715 a visit to the Kew Gardens, the most

L. B. Hair Oil 716 famous of all botanical gardens in T rt> rt>

L. D. S. Business College 717 the world, and lastly being enterFuelMountain Supply Company..713

StatesMountain Telephone & tained by Brother and Sister LyTelegraph Co 708 man. Sister Beesley and I, guided

New Hotel Lankershim 658 by Sister Ramona Cannon, visited

Pacific States Iron Pipe Co..725 Cast galleries, two art the Tate and WalPacific LinePanama 710 the Parliament around walkedPembroke 658 lace; Company

Polk, R. L 722 buildings and out over the Thames

Quish of School Culture..726 Beauty at longingly looked River. We

R. C. Institute 722 & A. disone Abbey. Westminster Our BakingRoyal 712 Company v to not being able appointment wasRoyal Typewriter 724 Company

Salt Lake Stamp Company 716 go into the Abbey. It has been

Shell Oil Inside Front Cover Co closed public the ever since to the

TriState 714 Lumber Company so Coronation of George, King we EngravingUtah Co those 722 are thouof hundreds amongUtahIdaho School Supply Co...720

Utah Oil Refining Co 662 sands who have been on the outUtah Poultry Producers'Assoside.

ciation 727 Tonight we rode around on theUtah Power & Light Co 661

Walker Bank & Trust Co 711 upper deck of a bus, looking and

Western Royal Vacuum Cleaner time. for the last looking We stopCo Piccadilly, at Trafalgar Square, 716 ped

(Continued on page 710) S. -< m

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

Log of a European Tour (Continued from page 709) rode down the Mall, and walked over the Thames again.

Saturday, September 4, 1937 "\X7e were all up early this morning 1* and ready long before time totfOMY***** go to the station. Brother Lyman

called at the hotel for us and when we reached the station President and Sister Clark, President and Sister Lyman, many of the missionaries and some of the Saints were there to say goodbye. There was

the usual snapping of cameras, messages to loved ones at home, and finally as the time for the train to pull out arrived, the Elders and

Saints gathered in a group and sang "God Be With You Till We Meet Again."Just as the train was pulling out they all sang "We Thank

Thee, O God, For a Prophet."

Brother Lyman went with us as far as Southampton, where we boarded the boat, The Empress of

Britain. Mr. J. A. Martin, the manager of the Canadian Steamship

Company, came on the boat to wish father goodbye, and suggested that anything that could be done for his pleasure or convenience would be done. Brother Lyman was invited to stay to lunch and was the

guest of the Steamship Company.

Brother Lyman suggested to the waiter that he call him in plenty of time so that he could leave the ship, which he said he would do. At five

minutes after one we began to notice the boat moving a little, and upon getting up we discovered that we.."......''.. were drawing away from the shore.

The waiter had miscalculated the time and so Brother Lyman was To New York via Acapulco, still on board. Arrangements were

made with the ship's officers to have

Mexico, Panama, Havana the tug come up alongside of the

What other way of travel can compare vessel and take Brother Lyman ashore. In about twenty minutes now winter comes? "Big 3"liners—S.S.

the tug up alongside came of the Virginia, California, Pennsylvania—are ship, the gangplank was dropped coast to coast. Giant size most popular

Brother and stepped Lyman on cuisine gives them extra smoothness.The to the tug. called goodbye and We salons are aircon- (dining is matchless all our handkerchiefs, we waved

ditioned). All staterooms outside, with he doing the same from the tug. We

beds. Each ship has two open air swim watched until his boat turned into

pools, complete facilities for sport, rest, the harbor.

entertainment, care of children. Panama Wednesday, September 8, 1937

Pacific hospitality attends you every TThe voyage thus far has not been of voyage. route your hour En to New I father rough, very but and

cruise) there's (a plenty 2 -week York 25% ROUNDTRIP of have both it the thought better part

RATE REDUCTION NOW sightseeing time ashore at tropic ports. of wisdom to remain in our cabins.

Decide to come this month! Tourist Write, ask your Travel Agent, or call—We are looking forward to landing

Cabin from $125. First Class from tomorrow, and then our tour will be

$225 ($250 at certain seasons). Save practically completed. Sister Bees25% round trip by steamer. "Circle Panama PacificLine ley goes to Chicago, Sister Bennett

Tours"by rail and starting water Sister York,. and from Wallace to New St., Market San Francisco; DOuglas 8680—665your father town; either own home go to and Brother Salt Anderson way American Express Co., South St., Second 26 W.

by steamer. Also steamerplane tours. Salt Lake City, or any Railroad Agent Lake, and I to Toronto.

(Concluded on page 712) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

For many years before and after the turn of the century.

this Bank occupied the building shown below, just across

Main Street from its present lSstory building, its home since 1912.

P R O G R E

Growth of this intermountain institution is typified not merely in terms of stone and steel and bricks...

but also in scope of services, in strength of resources and in the experience of successful management.

These are benefits offered to the customers of this

Bank. Your account is cordially invited.

WALKER BANK & TRUST COMPANY Salt Lake City MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

Beginning Soon—"Reconciliations"on Vital Current Questions by Prominent Authorities. 711

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

it not been And so, as an author reluctantlyLog of a European Tour when he left; and had

for generalship, Brother his Lyman's pen he lays down has when (Concluded from page 710) father might quite written to have returned a loved book, End""The

I have purposely avoided menworn out. As it is, it has been so I will close by again expressing my

tioning many names, because so pleasant, father is already talking appreciation for this rare opportunmany have helped to make our visit of a return trip some two or three ity of accompanying my beloved pleasant, that had I mentioned all, years hence. father on this memorable journey.

this log would have been but a chronicle of names.

However, I can not close without expressing our deep appreciation to

President Lyman who for two months guided our party, looked up railroad schedules, prepared vl/omaris Changed vi/ond maps, and wrote letters to the mission presidents, giving the time of (Concluded from page 692) arrival, the time of departure, the our vicious political practices. With the new leisure,

number of meetings to be held, saw our spiritual growth should transcend all previous dethat every minute of the time was velopment, for with this new leisure mothers have time used to advantage but that father to instruct their children better in the Tightness and was protected as much as possible. wrongness of certain behavior.

He said he wanted father to leave Women have always been rightly considered the the mission better in every way than guardians of the best in civilization. Unless they rethis leisure as for increasopportunity an an new trip gard this came; he he wantedwhen

ing the best diminishing of of a the and worst which as a miswell as a vacationto be offers, shall find this free the age that will time wesionary journey. And so each day as a prelude to the downfall of our generation.serveIf,

had its rest periods as well as its however, women accept the new leisure as a responsimeetings. We are all agreed, father bility for greater development, then they will become

included, that Brother Lyman did active factors in the realization of the millennium to his work well because, notwithwhich we are eagerly looking. M. C. J.

standing it was a strenuous trip with many changes of trains, hotels, and diet, father is coming home in as good health, if not better, than

Always Good Most modern methods... scientific testing of all ingredients... plus more than

40 years'experience in the art of baking, assure you that Royal bakery foods are always good] They are favorites with thousands of families in the intermountain region.

FRESH

every day at your grocer's BREAD, CAKES, COOKIES ROYAL BAKING COMPANY—SALT LAKE and OGDEN

100% HomeOwned—A Community Builder for More Than 40 Years

George Mueller, President

712 Watch for the "Era's"New Continued Story.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

THEN mid NOW

Modern Automatic

NATURAL GAS HEAT belongs to the new age of convenience

The pictures tell a story... a remodernness than automatic NatAnd its cost is surprisingly low.

markable story of progress which ual Gas heat. It is as far ahead Many users find it actually costs

closely parallels the life of The of ordinary methods as the streamless to heat their homes with NatImprovement Era. lined automobile is ahead of the ual Gas than it formerly cost for

Forty years ago only wealthy horse and buggy. other methods.

If your home is not modernizedhomes could boast running water Natural Gas heat is the only find heat, fully automatic out of houseNatural with method Gas Autobathrooms. "modern"and

it the that easily heating only done. method can be The how Peomobiles men's toys. were rich fuel requires handling, furnaces provide..no. no comGas new

ple in the intermountain territory storage space, no removing of plete winter airconditioning. Incouldn't have Natural Gas at any clinkers or ashes, no work of any stalled on liberal terms. Call in

price. It just wasn't available. kind. or phone for details.

Today these things are so common that we scarcely give them a thought. People of moderate

means enjoy more comforts and MOUNTAIN FUEL1UPPLY COMPANY conveniences than the very rich could command a generation ago.

In the home, nothing brings more genuine convenience and 36 South State Serving TwentyoneSalt LakeUtahCityCommunities Wasatch 1300

Patronize These Advertisers and Mention the "Era.'713

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

(Continued from page 677)

ireshments on the fire, and when It was not possible for them to snipers hid while their company those refreshments had only begun know it that day, and certain ones rode lash and lather down through to sizzle, a greater posse joined Oliof them were to die before it could the rocks to cross to the west side.

ver and came through the gate. be reported that Poke listened with His people descended into the

Posey's people might stop somenothing but disgust to Posey's mescanyon on the lope, treading each where later on, but not right there; senger and then grunted, "Puneeh! other's heels and jostling violently

they must be moving. Some of them, He learns no more than a skunk, at every turn of the trail, while Poravenous with hunger, gulped part and they will kill him for making sey lay, watching the little notch

of their halfcooked victuals with such a big stink."in the rim from which they came

swinelike dispatch, but they threw And then the old grizzly packed off the point, resolved to bore the the rest away and piled the loads up and moved farther over into first man who appeared behind them.

in jumble. their horses a onback in a ranch near Colorado, camping first happened man, that who At

to their Recourse hold now from hear could To he where McElmo fly let Rogers, he to D. be John in the to posse meetcapture meant fight being near enough the without to cut expecting gun, his big with

flat. couldn't simply That open for nathe praised or to be blamed the from lungs the his through man

first to the contrary very was its ture of outcome.be—itthe low, side. the shot went But

principles of their warfare. They Three squaws and two papooses barely grazed John's hip pocket,it

would have to go back, for the were so sure that Poke was their pierced the tree of the saddle and whistle of bullets admonished them only hope of deliverance, that they broke the back of the horse.

that the posse had guns as big as dropped out of the company on horse the general the sawtheir When own. later found Point were and Murphy sight leap rider and from drop, the brother?"about "What my in half to Yelhiding a cave way his appear, craned else he one no wife. the can secondwhined "What Jacket. low

incivicinity, that and scan to neck she ever without and do him?"we

hesitated as if she would go on to dentally to look behind and to one

Recapture at all hazards. L osey and his company, side. Then he discovered in the disto from town coming a car brother!"cabtance sight the out of keeping behind with your "To h—the crossing people from head his "It's for nearest distracted the the Posey. roared in, hurried west

easier for him to come to us than rocks. And there in the rim of road on the west side of the canyon.

for all of us to go to him."WhiteMesa Canyon their main [Continued on page 718)

Now! TRISTATE offers Home Repairs

and Remodeling, on the Budget Plan....

There is no need to wait for those needed reports or alterations to modernize your home, because we can now arrange to finance them for you on a new, easy payment plan.

No down payment is necessary... take as long as 3 years to pay.

Here is a partial list of what can be had this easy, convenient way:

NEW ROOF CABINETS, COUNTERS GARAGE NEW FLOORS SLEEPING PORCH BUILTIN CUPBOARDS

In fact, most all repairs, remodeling or additions can be purchased by this plan.

DON'T DELAY... COME IN TODAY!

Next Month George D. Pyper Continues "The Story of Our Hymns."

AGAIN EXCLUSIVE KSL COVERAGE

WORLD SERIES FANS

1 'ifmmimlf

'.... f.'**. - -*

1 I / - Mi *-** %

.

in

I—I7*""| NNUALLY,throughoutthousandsthe nationof awaitbaseball"worldfans tion Theof theKSLlisteningphotographerand watching"caught"crowda durpor-

J- -- series"time. For then the year's most ing one of the games this fall. KSL's huge

closely followed sports broadcast is brought speakers are shown in the circle, addressing them through the Columbia Broadcasting Sys- a trafficstopping crowd that, on Salt Lake's tem. For many seasons, now, KSL has served Main street heard the crack of bat on ball, the

downtown sports followers exclusively cries of players and fans as the Yankees drove through cooperation with the TribuneTele- to their world championship.

gram.

KSL continues to look for new outlets, new

This year once more it was KSL exclumeans of serving the vast Intermountain and sively that installed the giant public address system informing a visual audience of thouWestern audience that depends on "The sands as play progressed in the Yankee StaVoice of the West"for entertainment, for news, dium and in the Polo Grounds. for public events coverage.

THE VOICE OF THE WEST KSL Patronize the Advertisers Who Appear in the "Era."715

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLE Crowning the King (II Kings 11:12)

ctiK; Christmas

Cards...

FOR 1937 K Are now ready for your inspection K

JK Let Us Solve ProblemYour Christmas Card p:J0! Distinctive Cards R

f Reasonable Prices jf II Order early to insure satisfaction W W. A. W. Co. WO. 104 2 Co. ACROSS Salt Stamp6 Lake

3097 Wasatch 43 West Broadwayrf is in this state, and the the 34 Mandan had called to A'1 "when Utah Salt Lake City, | state is in Mandan king"2 "Because thou hast thine 35 Long narrow inlet hands"36 "neither after him arose there...

|M14i(>R-M'()4>ii.. the. all"ihipmen"like bears"with Paul 38 "andlike forhim"the... that is in the I 1011 One"We of

From OxCart to 12 Allurewhen the;hip was wrecked 39 "OlandLordofourAssyria"..., I beseech thee"

Automobile 14 Raise 41 "come up, and... me out of the

16 "the people fled into... tents"hand of the king of Syria"

17 "clean..., and a pure heart"43 Bark of E. Indian tree; a pine

From Broom to Vacuum 18 Note (anag.)

Cleaner 19 "thou hast... me out this day"45 Bodies of partisans

21 The month that comes in ten 47 New England state chill 48 years A in the has, of today housewife The of energy Born 49 Unit 23 appliperfect most the Cleaner ROYAL. \Y ord "they king brought Enterprise 50 in the 25 labor for reducing ance known

". in its accomforty reigned again"dust years he and removing 27 and home

yourdisease panying. germs—convince over them51 a and made Jerusalem..

calling self by.. selves"caphe 29., To "And thee, O

tain"ROYAL WESTERN. is 1, 4, tingle")6, 17, shall Kings Text from his.. Our "both 30 CO.

.. combined. year 51 41, 50, and in Jerusa27, reigned 29, 39, 32 "he Utah CLEANERSalt Lake City, VACUUM175 East Broadway,

I Wasatch 1448 lem"DOWN fall; thrones a this 24 house Car do 1 Threaten SOLUTION TO OCTOBER PUZZLE

... rebelled This chapter of Second Kings tells of 26 2 "The king Moab

against me"about the Syrian army being 3 "have... concerning the faith"smitten with blindness

4 Animal held in high esteem in 28 Canadian province

Egypt, but not mentioned in the 31 City east of Bethel; animal

Bible 32 City in Egypt; preposition

5 Chinese weight; beginning of life 33 Empire State

6 Independent state in Europe 34 Six states 7 East Indian tree 36 "The fear of the Lord is the be- 8 Incited ginning of wisdom"is one 9 Speck 37 "thou shalt not call her name...

10 Sun god but Sarah shall her name be"11 Light fabric 38 "Jehoshaphat... the king of

13 Displayed Judah"15 Compass point 40 Large fish 17 Battle formation; sheer (anag.) 41 Continent

18 "and to be had in... of all 42 New England state

them that are about him"44 "And so. came to pass"

20 National officer 45 Hebrew letter in Psalm 119 22 Boiled down; second end (anag.) 46 Early English

The L+ IX$ Business College Spans Half a Century of Progress of the school.—and the faculty of today maintain the ideals set by the founders

R. Smith P. Evans Lillian C. Kimball Florence Milton H. Ross Heber

Office Training Shorthand Accounting BookkeepingPenmanship

FERAMORZ Y. FOX, President

Believing that the strength of the instiIris Irons Edna B. Claw son Miriam Parker Le Ray S. Howells

Typewriting Typewriting tution is its faculty/ the L. D. S. Business Office Accounting

College has selected a staff of workers who are not only experts in their respective fields, but who are particularly well qualified to promote the welfare of young men and women,

It is the pledge of this school that every student shall have the greatest possible

Richardson Vernon Joyce Ethics F. Larsen opportunity to qualify for business emMaudEmploymentN. Leaver PersonalKatie DevelopmentC. Jensen Bookkeeping

ployment.

Information about courses, methods of instruction, employment service, etc.,

will be gladly furnished.

Day and Evening Classes Mabel Brown Allien Russon All the Year Walter E. Elieson Norma Knight

Shorthand Shorthand Law, Salesmanship Stenotypy

Gweneth G. Gates E. Claud Jenson Eugene C. Hinckley Elsie Kienitz Kenneth S. Bennion Helen Shurtleff

Secretary Office Machines Shorthand Treasurer English Office

L. V. BUSINESS COLLEGE $ (A Department of the L. D. S. College)

70 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah Wasatch 1812

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 714) He crept around hurriedly to a poand rushed on to join his people as prisoners in Blanding? General

sition from which he could rake the before he was cut off from them. Posey had promised to accomplish

seats of that T Model as it passed, Late on that March afternoon the their rescue that night; he knew

waiting eagerly while it sped neargalloping fugitives approached they would expect it of him; and he

er. Three men occupied the back Ruin Spring, nine miles southwest cudgled his brain for a way to do it.

seat, two in front. Two cartridges of Blanding, and appropriated six He told his people to start before

should finish the five of them. horses grazing in a field. This repthe dawn, and to wait for him in

In spite of his bead on the covresented all the plunder of the big the Butler. Then he rode off in the

eted prize, his first shot pierced the stir this far. night on his black mare, sworn to

car just behind the men in the back With their children sniveling for do the impossible. Somewhere on

seat. Four inches ahead it would supper and their goats panting and the trail of his people that afterhave gone through the lungs of ready to go on strike at this racenoon, the posse would be dozing on

Warren Allan, George Hurst, and horse style of travel, they entered their saddles awaiting the morning.

Frank Redd, the narrow little gorge into Ruin Posey would not hazard finding

Spring Canyon. The general and them, but he would follow the CotOf course Posey knew nothing of others waited there under cover to tonwood to the old road.

far or near missed, he hadhow how his prisonerto find the disturb stop might any He expected one who little did thatbut rattled he car know at in tribesmen open Indians while guarded they some camp made right of on be out range and would in the streets the town, of posse camp Cottonwood. no made The

in a seconds, very few so he aimed in their plain at follow, to in the early guards attempt view and and for tire. a wheel punctured a and plot of the might evening mercy whoever on the ambuscade moved

The machine wabbled and stopped to join the camp. against them from the darkness. Inin an open space where no rocks or They had started now towards stead, when he rode quietly into the

banks could hide his prey from him. The Big Trail, and every mile in sleeping town he saw but one light,

They were his! that direction should give them addand it was in the school house. His

The five men in that car would ed security till they reached a point people were confined in the basehave been his game right away, but where no one would dare to follow, ment rooms with armed guards staJohn D. Rogers and Leland Redd a point beyond which no pursuer tioned at every entrance and persaw the smoke from his sniper's had ever survived. But what about haps waiting in the rooms above to

nest and made life so perilous in that their people held under guard meet every emergency.

vicinity that he got out in a hurry their gallant braves kept shamefully (To be Continued)

IMPROVEMENT

THE Improvement Era has good reason at this time proudly to review its progress during the past forty years. From an humble beginning it has become an

influential chronicle of the lives and works of the young men and women of a great Church.

Likewise, this Company reviews its progress with pride and satisfaction. Thirtyfour years of leadership

in the motor industry 1. Thirtyfour years spent in bringing the motor car within reach of everyone. It is not

alone an industrial achievement, but a social accomplishment, as well.

We, with you, look forward with keen anticipation to meritorious progress through the coming years.

FORD MOTOR COMPANY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 193 7

THE FLAMING TORCH

There is not a day passes in which this flaming torch of carelessness does not add to its already enormous total of fire destruction.

If fire descended on you tonight, and tomorrow you found yourself without a home, where would the money come from to replace and rebuild what you have lost?

For more than fifty years the UTAH HOME FIRE has stood the test of time, fires, panics and depressions. It has paid millions of dollars in losses, and yet

its proudest asset is its reputation for commercial honor and good faith.

See our Agent in your City.

Utah Home Fire Insurance Company

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

When You Purchase Goods or Service Advertised Here Kindly Mention "The Improvement Era. 719

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

FORTY YEARS OF SERVICE (Continued from page 681)

And of this experience the PresiThe personnel of the magazine dent's daughter, Lucy G. Cannon, changed but slightly during the sucOver 40 years of service to has written: ceeding years. Edward H. Anderthe intermountain territory. The Improvement Era was almost born son, a member of the committee

President named, Roberts which at least nurtured was home—it

its birth. personal sent "Everything for Office and inthereourafter Father editor during an assistant was made

thousands. had by the We School"letters several the second year of the magazine's

several typewriters children of us and learned to typewrite getting out Era letters. existence, when President Roberts

CHURCH AND SEMINARY We had a large dining room and an eswas released to go to Washington,

FURNITURE pecially large dining room table. This leaving Joseph F. Smith and Edpulled half a out table would dozen and be editors. as H. Anderson

it. sit ward all in put would Then we

fold; others Salt Lake City, Utah leavesaround would and would some assistant ediOther editors and

write. at the seated usually Father was tors of been Preshave the magazine

his half a name. end signing had We assisted ident Heber by J. Grant, to the into enclosures envelopes, put dozen

so it took us all to get these letters ready Edward H. Anderson until the latfor the mail. Maybe that is the reason I ter's death, when, in 1928, Hugh

of proud in and ImThe am so interested J. Cannon was made editor. After I feel I Era, because provement had a hand

in starting it. Father's interest in this the merging of the Era and the

magazine has never waned from that day Young Woman's Journal, Elsie Talto this and I think his work for it has mage Brandley, editor of the magaone been of his outstanding contributions zine for the Young Women, was to the Church.

made associate editor of The ImTn these brief accounts one can provement Era. After the death of

read of the humble beginning of Hugh J. Cannon in November of

the magazine which in forty years 1930, the writer was made manhas grown in importance and power aging editor, and Mrs. Brandley

because of the constant message it continued as associate editor. In

has borne, and because of the men May of 1935, under the direction who have fortified it. During all of of the First Presidency, Dr. John

these forty years its two senior edi- A. Widtsoe, a member of the Countors have been either members of cil of the Twelve, was made editor,

First or end a the Presidents Presidency with President associated Grant of the Church, successively. and Harrison R. Merrill. Once again

JTriencHy officialIn 1907,organthe magazineof the Seventies;became thein Editor,death struck,Mrs. Brandley,this time atwhoAssociatepassed

1909, of all the Priesthood; in 1911 away August 2, 1935, to be sucof all of the Church schools; in 1 924, ceeded by Marba Cannon Josephof the Music Committee of the son. In January, 1936, the writer Oreeting Church; in 1929, of the Young was released to return to his school

University, at Brigham Young the L. Evans, Richard To your missionary Women'ssociation. Mutual Improvement Asworkand Elder

abroad. It was unique for a group of men present managing editor, who had

the out and to go among women several before years been associated It is not too early to make people a without even sample and Dr. of with Dr. E. Talmage James

your selection of CHRISTtheir proposed magazine and seek Widtsoe in the editorship of the

MAS GREETING CARDS subscriptions for it in sufficient numMillennial Star, in Europe, was for its bers publication. to pay editor, with Mrs. managing A made

for that friend or relative printed prospectus the promise and associate ed- C. Josephson, Marba

who is laboring in a of a magazine to follow was all they itor.

had. Nothing but the missionary

strange land amid strange spirit which characterized that unDuring his management of the peoples. dertaking and which still charactermagazine, President Grant was asizes Era service, could have brought sisted by Thomas Hull, later, by

Higgs, and still later by Alpha Write or come in today. success. President Moroni J. Snow. When Joseph F. Smith, then Second

Counselor in the First Presidency, Grant became editor, the vacancy and Elder B. H. Roberts, then a he left in the management was filled

Melvin Elder by a mem- J. Ballard, First of the of Council SevPif Deseret member of the ber of the Twelve, Council editors of as the enty, were named

the superintendency of the Y. M. exist, not and Elder Heber J. Grant,JNews Press magazine which, at that time, did and at that time a member of A. M. I. of the then of the Council a member

29 Richards Street Twelve, and a member of the GenIn 1929 the General SuperintendSalt Lake City, Utah eral Superintendency of the Y. M. ency of the Young Men's Mutual

M. I. A., was named as manager, Improvement Association determinwith Thomas Hull as his assistant. (Continued on page 722)

720 Watch for the "Era's"New Continued Story.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

Above is pictured part of the 52 wagonloads of imported equipment for America's first beet sugar factory, brought into Utah in 1852 when freight from the Missouri River was $500.00 a ton.

3<oh ihe W&U-boinq. of OIL

th& (People.

The establishment and development of the beet price; it has provided to thousands of farmers

sugar industry in Utah represents, in a singular a sure cash crop; and it has increased industrial

sense, a practical application of one of the funpayrolls. In short, it has promoted the general

damental tenets of the Mormon Church—the prosperity and wellbeing of all the people.

principle of "temporal salvation."

THE AMALGAMATED SUGAR COMPANY is

First ventured in 1852 by early Church leadproud of the part it has played in this program.

ers, the intermountain beet sugar industry has With a genuine feeling of kinship, we, therefore, helped to bring to this people a higher degree congratulate the Church leaders on the part of selfreliance and prosperity, which has been they have played in the encouragement of the a boon both to producers and consumers. It beet sugar industry; and we congratulate The

has assured to the housewife a dependable Improvement Era, on the celebration of its 40th supply of this essential food at a reasonable anniversary in business.

THE AMALGAMATED SUGAR COMPANY

Ogden, Utah

OFFICERS DIRECTORS

F. S. JR. BALLIF, SYLVESTER S. M. ECCLES, President

M. BECKER H. A. BENN1NG, VicePresident and General Mgr. G. E. I.G. S S S. ECCLESECCLESQ. CANNON BENNETT

G. B. RODMAN, VicePresident Sales H. A. BENNING STEPHEN L. RICHARDS. CHAIRMAN

J. R. BACHMAN, SECRETARY AND TREASURER EDWARD L. BURTON ARTHURJ. WINTERF. SCOWCROFT

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

Forty Years of Service (Continued from page 720) SHOULDER TO SHOULDER

For 40 YEARS shoulded thatbe increasedThe Improvementin effectivenessEra distributed generally over and more it has cooperated

Morris, the Church. George who Q. University. EVERgenerouslysince theandIMPROVEMENTeffectively withERABrighambegan,Young

Both having the same great objective—to disseminate the had been a member of the committee

Gospel so that man may progress eternally, they have marched on finance and publications for sevside by side in friendly teamwork. eral years, was made chairman, and

All four presidents of the University, Dr. Karl G. Maeser, two new members, John D. Giles and

Dr. Benjamin Cluff, Jr., Dr. George H. Brimhall, and Dr. F. S. Stringam A. Stevens, both men of

Harris, have contributed to the "Era"and have in turn drawn wide experience in such matters, inspiration from its pages. were called to the board and made

members of the Era committee. Therefore, on the fortieth anniversary of the founding of the committee, This with Hugh to "Era,"the University wishes thank the Church Church MagEditor, Associate Cannon, and O.J. leader, to President its great Grant, azine Heber and and B. Peterson as secretary, held meetvirile to that inlong continue exercise both hope and J.a may five o'clock ings at 8 each morning spired leadership. days a week for many weeks. A

survey covering of the every phase BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY problem was conducted. The results PROVO, UTAH with recommendations contained in

for "Founded by an Empirebuilder the Builders of New Empires."a 10,000 word written and illustrated report was presented to the

General Superintendency—Elders

George Albert Smith, Richard R.

Lyman, and Melvin J. Ballard—and

with their enthusiastic approval subVACUUM CLEANER mitted to the Y. M. M. I. A. general

board, where unanimous approval / NOW! World Famous also was given.

FROm Eureka Quality mentTheofreportthe size,recommendedscope, and enlargeincrease of circulation along lines followed

I 8 at Amazingly by standard national magazines II] definite with covrecommendations m* Low Cost! ering editorial policy, definite fields ONYOUR FUELBILL

You Merely Guide for feature articles, advertising, circulation organization. and Eurekas The New WITHWilli THEMlfa

it At this point was considered adClean They PowBy erful Machine Action. visable to invite the Young Women's

Mutual Improvement Association to

Free Home Trial. merge their magazine, The Young

Phone: Wasatch 4764 Woman's Journal, with the Era,

W. H. Bintz Co., Salt Lake City EUREKA VACUUM CLEANER CO. making one big, representative magWholesale Distributor 177 East Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah azine for the M. I. A. conjointly and

the Priesthood, Church Department of Education, Church Music Committee, and other Church agencies. MEN NEEDED

FOR This invitation was accepted and a joint committee representing both boards was formed to lay plans for the combined magazine. AIRCONDITIONINGMen to train under direct supervision of factory engineers, appointed under arrangement with 50 leading manufacturers. Men with A-l character references, education The new committee quickly comwill for training. experience be accepted and pleted its plans which received the

consists of preliminary training Program at home which will not interfere with present employment, finishing with intensive practical training in our Laboratories and Shops. hearty approval and endorsement of

to service graduates. Placement

Institute, 50 N. Main, No. Write,Roomgiving3. age, phone, present employment, to the First Presidency and at June R. and A. C.

Conference of 1929 the joint publication was announced and a

Churchwide subscription campaign launched. When the campaign

HOBS GOODS. 1 its 1 ic. reached climax than more 44,000 os AK8MKTAN0SUI-. I. R. Co. we Polk & THUOtWITNc A COMPLETE subscriptions received had been 'CUSSMBUMUSIS Directory Publishers SERVICE ENGRAVING circulation largest the of DIRECTORY any magEstablished in > Utah THAN portraits largest to the Missionary From 1890 in azine history of the catalogues. the - Church. EARTH OK

District Office Attention. Mail Orders Prompt Given combined newly Churchwide The

405 Dooly Block—Salt Lake City CO. ENGRAVING UTAH magazine was welcomed into the

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah

[Concluded on page 724) 722 These Advertisements Help Support "The Improvement Era."

Greetings From Utah's Largest and Finest Hotel

YEARS

SOON FLY40 WE SINCERELY HOPE TO MAKE TIME SPENT AT THE UTAH, PASS PLEASANTLY...

The Utah was Formally Opened June 8th, 1911 2 Years Under Construction

This year marks a milestone in the life of President Heber J. Grant. 40 years ago he

founded the Improvement Era—an institution that has been a power for good in disseminating information about Latterday Saint activities. We heartily congratulate

President Grant and the Improvement Era on a good job, well done.

Since 1911, the Hotel Utah has been the leading hotel in the intermountain country. Our

modernization program, started in March, 1935, solidly cements the Utah's position as "A Great Hotel in a Great City."

Make the Utah your headquarters when in Salt Lake City—nothing has or will be

spared to make your visit most enjoyable.

NOW—Public Rooms are completely air conditioned.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

Heber J. Grant, President Orval W. Adams 0. D. Romney

R. W. Madsen, VicePresident Alvin Beesley E. P. Snow

David A. Smith, Secretary Sylvester Q. Cannon Wm. H. Mclntyre, Jr.

Edgar S. Hill, Treasurer J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Edward L. Burton

Guy R. Toombes, Managing Director Reed Smoot W. M. Bransford

Antoine R. Ivins W. F. Armstrong

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 193/

FORTY YEARS OF SERVICE GIVE (Concluded from page 722) field in November, 1929, with an ediin a place where it will be preserved

IT torialidency greetingof the Church.by the First Prespermanently.With the Church expanding on

In 1929, when the two magaevery side, with regular stakes of zines merged, Miss Clarissa A. Zion being set up in far distant

Beesley, a member of the presidenplaces and on the islands of the cy of the General Board of the sea, with Church membership and THE Young Women's Mutual ImproveChurch branches in many countries, ment Association, was made assothe mission of the Era has grown in ciate manager of the Era, representimportance. It is the tie that binds. TEST ing the young women, and in 1930, It is the chain which links stake to

O. B. Peterson, who had served a stake, ward to ward, branch to

number of years with Edward H. branch, mission to mission, and

mm. Anderson, was named assistant Saint to Saint. Some day, perhaps,

business manager, and in 1933 busiit will be important in making for ness manager, at which time Elder the understanding that must come

Melvin J. Ballard became General between nations.

Manager, which was a newly creWith forty years of splendid hisated title so far as the Era is contory and tradition behind it, built upcerned. on faith in the young people of the

Upon the reorganization of the Church, a faith that is glowing more

General Board of the Young Men's brightly as the years are passing,

Mutual Improvement Association in and as understanding and knowl1935, the present officers of the edge increase, The Improvement magazine were installed, O. B. PeEra is ready to go forward. Repreterson resigning to enter the printsenting the Church, carrying in its

ing business for himself in Califorpages the most important pronia. And so the staff as at present nouncements of the First Presidency

constituted includes the following: and General Authorities of the

Editors, Heber J. Grant and John Church, it is a magazine that should

A. Widtsoe; Managing Editor, be in every home where Latterday

Richard L. Evans; Associate Editor, Saints dwell.

Marba C. Josephson; General ManThe spirit of the Era has not

ager, George Q. Morris; Associate changed. For forty years it has

Manager, Clarissa A. Beesley; been a steady voice in a changing

Business Manager, John K. Orton. world, a world filled with doubt,

The active business and editorial with apprehension, with disaster responsibility of the magazine is and despair. Those blessed people BEFORE KNOW con- a the magazine have made YOU BUY chargeable to the managing editor. who

the EasyWriting how and why a their visitor to stant and homes

Royal saves time and money. YJiTiTH the passing years, enthusiconstant companion of their chilfor 10day Phone a free DESK will President with Grant The Improvement agree asm for Era dren

office. your TEST in No obligation. the as wrote to an infant without has grown. he From manager when

COMPANY NAME, ADDRESS financial backing except in the faith assistant editor, Edward H. AnAND TELEPHONE NUMBER and love of the young men of the derson:

Church, it has grown to be an influential periodical with a circulation Personally, I would not be without the ten in instructions the Era for forty of approximately thousand, valuable subscription. price of the the times Many placing wellsupported it among the eastern that get a larger they can complain

magazines of the nation. It is a paper for less, but this only shows that

value. estimate to they do how not know of the of CirAudit Bureau member

1 NO. TYPEWRITER WORLDS is of Price Pearl the Great Eternal culations, advertising iiii iii maintains mumimi'iiiii iiiininmm wiiii in wi'!! little, if to aid anything, after, are and repweLife resentatives principal in the business it is eastin the to securing be found us in

is will that cause printed but much visitor in stant scores of the counter; ROYAL markets of the nation, and is a conern magazines, if they do print more matthis, of greatest lose the to all God's us libraries. try's leading

gifts to man. TYPEWRITER From the beginning, the magaCOMPANY, Inc. zinewritershas offosteredthe Churchthe arts.and Youngmany pilotAs ofthetheradioair throughbeam directsstorm andthe

20 Post Office Place from outside have found its pages fog and darkness safely to his landing have received encourfriendly and The Improvement Era field, may Salt Lake City. Utah

to direct continue the best agement of their by having those who read

Telephone Was. 5608 material published. Artists as well it and heed the messages contained

as writers of all kinds have been therein into a peaceful, happy, and thrilled to see their material used successful life.

724 These Advertisers Help Support Your Magazine*

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

The Most Beautiful and Efficient

Heater for Western Homes....

What a contrast there is between the old basewhich assure complete combustion of fuel; extra

burner and the beautiful modern Pacific Superlarge humidifier; firepot guaranteed against

Heater! A contrast not only in appearance, but burning out for five years. Its modern disin efficiency as well! The SuperHeater offers tinctive lines and gleaming porcelain enamel

last in comfort and economy. the you word it finish duotone an appliance make you will be

is It especially the heater only ever designed in to your have proud home. to kind of coal you Western burn coal—the in Dealers intermountain communities. most use.

Among its superior features are: extra large If your dealer does not handle the SuperHeater,

combustion chamber and hotblast superheater write to the factory at Provo for information.

MORE HEAT FROM LESS FUEL WITH LESS SMOKE

Manufactured by Pleating Appliance Division, Pacific States Cast Iron Pipe Company, Provo, Utah

'The Improvement Era"Believes in its Advertisers—Patronize Them. 725

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937 n-.—M—tl—II Ilii—II II—ti——II——h—it——11-—FORTY YEARS OF CHANGEr

DINWOODEY'S! ationThusanda newrecognitionera of relativewas openingtolerup before the Saints. Since 1830

There Is they had been ringed about most of

No Substitute the time with intolerant foes. Now

after nearly seventy years there

For came at last the promise of release

Quality occasionedfrom the cumulativeby constantemotionalthreat ofstressdeprivation of life, freedom, or property.

THE TELEPHONE OF THE PRESENT. (SEE PAGE Some part at least of this grateful

situation of in the the Latterchange PREDECESSOR.) ITS ANTIQUATED 37 West First South 70S FOR is think, due, I to a day Saints (Concluded 675) [com page

cause they were earnest and sincere change in American manners. Who

Mi llMFII - in n- i tt i I—-.,,—and driven by vicissitude they left can read biography of the nineteenth

out every nonessential. Thus was century without getting a picture of

achieved a purity of style that has the typical Yankee of that period

instinct of in case creature whose crop of American when the later [Personal never been surpassed. It was only as a wellmeaning but inflammable to law, to resort, not dispute was millionaires this beausprang up that

age, of intemexuberant an was that is characterornateness Christmas tifulugly simplicity was forsaken for an but to the weapons of anarchy? It action, perate speech and and mob just as later building. istic of And

victims only not the were Mormons colonial to return the should we it. still this persists of of Something... in taste of for period standards good Claras of lynchings in feuds the some and profitably architecture, can so we

disin the sections of the South and it Christmas in other instruction to for turn your personal Order cards NOW. We have several lines lines. For the pioneer periods of orderly handling of strikes in the

of new and beautiful cards from all history are periods of inspiration. North. But in the main, Americans which to choose. Then it is that stern necessity drives have become more civilized—have

tolof virtues the of acquired more thing, to important the people do select to If in cannot come you to slowthe submission erance and traditional for time has one and no for let cards, choose them us your of orderliness law. ness and the so, led the Just Lord in, telling us nonsense. write you. Simply living in topsyturvy are But we for desert the through Hebrews sentiof style of type card the and times. seemingly has Knowledge to the forty from purge years them price the desire, you and you ment faster the world out poured on been of culture Egypt. diseased Only feel confident to pay. wish We it. assimilate can humanity start to a then ready they new were will that select card a can we inventions wonderful our use thanWe land. in civilization the promised please you.

like playing children with new

X. toys... Spurts of progress are made

HTurning now to our own people, it along certain lines, but the result is may be said that with the celean unbalanced development... We

.. much. because have too we 1897, starve Year, Jubilee of the bration DESERET BOOK like fibre softens, and, Our moral of phase the pioneer Mormonism

had ended. Communities had been Esau, we trade our wonderful COMPANY founded, irrigation had become heritage of colonial and pioneer

44 East South Temple workable, and economic security puritanism for the exciting pottage

Salt Lake City, Utah had been more or less achieved for of the Gentiles.

the Saints in the mountainous desOur great need is balance—spirerts of the West. itual growth must not be outstripped

Political security, too, for the first by material progress. But real spirBE INDEPENDENT timeChurch,in thewas stormyapparentlyhistorywithinof thethe itualprayergrowthand contemplationdoes not alone.come byIt

No Other Vocation So Profitable grasp of the freedomloving Saints. comes by giving and building. The

ENROLL NOW With the issuance of the manifesto best thing Mormons can do now is

For a Complete Course at the releasing the Church from the heavy the very thing that made the pioresponsibilities of plural marriage, neers glorious: forget self in the

Quish School of Beauty Culture the strategic advantage of foes who grand project of "building up the

The Best in the West sought to wrest political control in Kingdom."That involves the

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. the intermountain country was at an founding and preserving of selfSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH end. Statehood had finally been sustaining communities in which% Information For Further in individual interested the of is as spectres each the Utah, vouchsafed<& Call Catalog and in his of as the others he is welfare had escheat S8 disfranchisement and or 7560 Wasatch Jty of building of a such Zion horizon, a our and dropped below Fill in This own—the

*>,Ofe Coupon native son, the choice of the people, beauty and loveliness and neighborwas seated in the gubernatorial chair liness that Christ Himself will want in Utah. to come and live in it.

726 When You Purchase Goods or Services Mention "The improvement Era."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1937

UTAH POULTRY

PRODUCERS...

"....Through Cooperation "Go to Town

Fifteen years ago a small group of Utah men got together for the purpose of organizing an egg and poultry "cooperative". This was in August, 1922,

in Gunnison, Utah. Six months later this local association became a statewide association, representing more than 50 % of all the commercial producers

of eggs and poultry in Utah.

The growth of the Association and the corresponding growth of Utah's poultry industry from then on reads like a fairy tale. Tradition has it that the

total net export of all poultry products from Utah in 1922, was 10 carloads. Since

then, due largely to the influence of the Association on production and export sales, nearly 2000 cars of poultry products have been exported from the state in a single year, with a return to the grower of upwards of $14,000,000 from eggs alone, in a peak year, for one of Utah's largest cash agricultural crops.

EAT MORE EGGS The Perfect Food

Association eggs are sold in the blue and white carton under the "Milk

White"trade mark, through leading grocers. "Milk White"eggs "top"the

market in quality wherever sold. They are "candled"and graded for uniform

quality and size. Eat more "Milk White"Eggs—for health and economy. They

are the perfect food.

UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION

ON THE RADIO "MILK WHITE"Morning Matinee with Judith Adams and her Food Talks

Tues., Thurs., Sat. 9:45—Mountain Time K S L

"The Improvement Era's"Advertisers Merit Your Patronage. '*'

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY SILENCE WITH A KICK

BadenPowell. The only way we can be sure we are

correct in pronouncing English names is to look for the proper pronunciation and then cling to it. Ba—a as in ate;

entirely) is omitted den—e

accent The—the o asasininsilent;old; poell—the(the we youagainwillas seein silent.

follows the ba (long a, remember!) and po (also a long o!)

syllable. follows the second the accent Spectator—preferably follows accent the as in are—and Spec—the ta—a

its identity loses is pronounced syllable; this and o e astor—thein end;

as the e in maker.

Finale: Since we are now considering the opera, let's get

i right. as of becomes the pronunciation word Ft—the

in first the as pronounced the word e in event; a is na—thethis

the chaotic; the a in the as word le, preferably e becomes arm; **"P7*—* VERYburglarstime andmy wifewakeshearsme up."a noise at night she thinks it's

a second choice permits it the sound of the first e in event. "But burglars don't make any noise."

The accent follows na. "So I told her. So now she wakes me up when she doesn't

- <8> hear anything!"Bystander (London).

"Dnclosed article appeared in the Southwest News Press, "L-* a semiweekly community paper of this city, under date of April 26, 1937. it f understand the Blanks are strict vegetarians.

"Yours respectfully, 'Strict! I should say they are. Why, they won't even let

(Signed) "G. W. Wurzbach."their children eat animal crackers."- Onward.

Member Wilshire Ward.

DISCOVERY

: clipping O'Connell Enclosed Dan Exonerated—By Youth

time,"Elizabeth's invented stockings were in Queen generation. nSilk the talking are folks ever younger about "Older everything. said knows who the man

offer differ, to an indisputable youth! Begging Flaming we discovered they weren't another, "but "Yes,"commented

fact to the contrary. We went to a dance at a Latterday till the twentieth century. "Midwest Review.

Saint Church last Tuesday. They have a gathering every

Tuesday. Inside was a cross section of high school lads and <8>

lassies. that they, us, like recognized were knew and we Many players. triplethreat football aren't know the men We this evening of gaiety one of Church. not was members All The

to recite without can't attend wanting a party a fellow who to the of got conclusion laughter. the say one up men and At

of imitations Lauder. poetry, or give Harry play a saxophone, Quietly, raised aloud. All bowed. heads a prayer were we our eyes and glanced about for signs of snickering and flip-—Judge.

pancy during this solemn moment. All heads were reverently <*>

bent. Not a sound was heard. Greatly impressed, we left

to can't future generations be here a shame that seems now long as church. manifestations of piety that fine such As are IT

all we're things with the splendid doing fear."for present, themselves see to Press. nothing has youth Southwest News

<$> their money. N. S. in the Saturday Evening Post.

College, State Pennsylvania.

subscriptions Era when it THE SAME ABSENTMINDED PROFESSOR "... As a boy I helped to get

was in the volumes about 3 to 10. The M. I. A. was my Professor: "I forgot my umbrella this morning."

favorite organization. After these many years I find that the His Wife: "How did you remember that you had for-

M. I. A. has given me training that I could get in no other gotten it?"

organization on earth. It has molded my life and has given me Prof.: "Well, I missed it when I raised my hand to close

an ideal to do something in this world. I hope the young it after the rain stopped."Y. C. Messenger.

in the in appreciate people what they have Church fully the $ sacrifice organization. back to be I would much M. I. A.

where I could attend Mutual Improvement Association and Horse sense is stable thinking The Safe Worker.

give my boy the same opportunity.

"Best wishes and best of luck, THEY MUSTN'T BE MISLED (Signed) "George L. Zundel."

are "Robert, kind very always and polite if you. <$> rEACHER:

will think playmates, they what to all your of you?"

SwissGerman Mission Robert "Some of 'em will think they can lick me!"- Vision.

Leimenstrasse 49, Basel, Switzerland

that the finest sources the of MORE RARE THAN HONESTY assure you Era is one for the that missionaries have. a Weof material we Many

have been further distributed among our friends.

"Accept our kindest thanks in advance for the above favor as well as our best wishes for your success.

"Sincerely your brethren, "SwissGerman Mission, (Signed) "Sanford M. Bingham, Sec."

Darmstadt, Germany.

E, THE missionaries of the Frankforter district of the also Mission, wish to SwissGerman to us. appreciation"W it means and what for the Era expressWe ourcan

hardly wait each month until it comes, and when it does everything is laid aside until it is read. We really learn to

appreciate it when we get so far away from Zion. I read it Diogenes was wandering aimlessly around the town with

from cover to cover and enjoy every bit of it. his lantern.

"Sincerely your brother, "Still looking for an honest man?"sarcastically inquired a

(Signed) "Clark J. Gubler, cop.

"Advisory Elder.""No,"he snapped, "for a parking place."Selected.

'JiAMud—

gifefieqiiu

—This augurs well for The Improvement Era,

passing the fortieth milestone on a career of increasing usefulness.

—Truth of this modern maxim is proved by your

home railroad, more helpful than ever in development of Utah and Colorado after 68 years of faithful transportation service to the

Intermountain West.

The Denver & Rio Grande Western was an advertiser in the first volume of The Improvement

Era, forty years ago, and this railroad's service has contributed to the growth of the great Inland

West each succeeding year.

wilson McCarthy henry swan Trustees rOYAC GORGE For transportation information MOFFAT

O. J. GRIMES, Assistant Traffic Manager

24 South Main Street Salt Lake City

SCENIC LINE & RIO CRANDE WORLDOF THE DENVER

WESTERN RAILROAD RESERVE STRENCT

Life, like football, is a game of skill, You can provide a "reserve playendurance, and teamwork. And, in er"to step into your place and help

life, as in football, reserve strength your family win. This reserve player

often means the difference between is life insurance; and though it may

defeat and victory. not be the versatile "triplethreat"

Let's think of your family as a footman that you are, life insurance is ball team. You, the father, are the thoroughly dependable and always

captain and quarterback. You are comes through in a pinch.

carrying the ball now, and you're making gains. It looks as if your Begin now a systematic insurance

team will win. But suppose the Head plan in this strong company. BeneCoach sees fit to take you out of the ficial agents are willing and compegame. Without your help the retent to help you plan a life insurance

mainder of the wife and program. If you do not know who team—your

is,family—will be disastrously handiyour nearest Beneficial agent

capped. write the home office.

KNHMALIV ittufeAficA c iPilf Home Office—Beneficial Life Building. Salt Lake City. Utah

heber j. grant, president