IMPROVEMENT

SEPTEMBER 1953

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

You'll find it has no equal in giving you the things you want most in a home.

Brick requires no expensive maintenance... it has its own structural soundness and is so architecturally adaptable that it meets the requirements of every

home, large or small. Compare its advantages before building. You'll be

pleasantly surprised to learn how inexpensive it is, too!

A brick fireplace is both cheerful Many interesting and attractive Build a brick barbecue and proand attractive. It provides a glowwindow designs may be created of vide your family with many hours

ing background for family and brick. Its ability to provide pattern, of outdoor living. We can furnish

social gatherings. There's a brick texture and form put it in a class plans and practical suggestions.

and a color to suit your taste. by itself.

INTERSTATE C0 Manufacturers of BRIGEBurned Clay Products

3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Selections from the discourses of President

O. MCKAYDAVID

Gospel Ideals Our ninth President of the Church has shed much light on important gospel principles in his many writings and sermons. The selections offered in this new

work enable Church members to find in one handy reference volume the essence of President McKay's fine insight into gospel principles.

Chapter headings give a key to the important subjects discussed, including: The Mission

of the Prophet Joseph Smith, The Church a World Wide Institution, Obligations of Members, Priesthood and Its

Work, Ward Teaching, and many others. You

will certainly want to own and study this important new work.

$4oo

Now vibrantly alive, the

KING JAMES VERSION

comes to yon as a talking book! only

Gather the family around and enjoy the world's bestloved book... brought thrillingly to life in sound recordings. DESERET BOOK CO.

Two years of work were required to bring you this 44 E. So. Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

authorized recording of the complete New Testament on 12 Please send:

longplaying vinylite records. Records can be played any on copies of IDEALS by GOSPEL President David335/3 speed player with the disc adapter included. O. McKay, each. $4.00 @ If recorded regular records, this on cost album would sets of LP recordings 12 of the complete New but through the$175, use of ultramicrogroove new recording, Testament, set. per $22.95 @ is this masterpiece priced to low in enough be enjoyed every

Enclosed is a check or order moneyhome.

for $ Charge my account Name

City State Co. Deseret Address. Booh Residents 2 of Utah add % sales tax.

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah postage for Add 45c of records. each set Book prepaid.

SEPTEMBER 1953 617 Salute We A Worthy Friend

Proudly, the White Satin Sugar folks in Ogden salute their most distinguished fellow citizen of Weber County, President David O. McKay, ninth

president of his Church and a great religious, educational and social leader.

President McKay has long been a champion of the beet sugar industry of the West and has contributed much to its success. As a humanitarian with an

understanding heart, he has won the affection and confidence of people in all walks of life.

May the sunset years of his life continue to bring to him opportunities, wisdom and strength for such service as only a few men in a generation are able to render.

THE AMALGAMATED SUGAR COMPANY

GENERAL OFFICES: OGDEN, UTAH

MARRINER S. ECCLES H. A. BENNING

Chairman of the Board President and General Manager

FACTORIES

Lewiston, Utah Rupert, Idaho Twin Falls, Idaho Nampa, Idaho Nyssa, Oregon SUGAR STORAGE WAREHOUSES SUGAR DISTRIBUTION WAREHOUSES

Ogden, Utah Portland, Oregon Logan, Utah Seattle, Washington Burley, Idaho 618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i

: \ Our Heartiest

: I Congratulations

: '"''..

:: and

\ Sincere Best Wishes

: to;

President David O. McKay

: his 80th Birthday Anniversary \

Officers and Directors

of the FIRE INSURANCE CO. > UTAH HOME

and HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

General Agents

SEPTEMBER 1953 619.!

THIS IS HOW TRACTOR MUCHMd YOU CAH GET TODAY!

ANNOUNCING

the UB/V 2-3 Plow

Tractor

See your MM dealer and find out how much more tractor you can get for your equipment 1 LINE STEERCENTER NEW gives vision dollar. Ask him to show you, the 2-3 plow you equal ING

on both sides of the tractor. power, the many new advantages for easier,

more comfortable, and more economical oper- 2 NEW FOOT CLUTCH loation built into the new MinneapolisMoline of steering cated to the accessibility yourself of for Tractor. See ZB Largeleft capacity column. FLOTERIDE SEAT! 5NEW

... the platform controls high that puts you long clutch peda and Never before such comall

make operating easier. fortable tractor driving. way up above dust and heat....the improved

FloteRide seat that takes the bumps out of the

LIVE TAKEPOWER 6NEW PLATFORM! HIGH 3 NEW features fields! safety the roughest new Check live Optional OFF! PTO ZB, you're the way On

tractor lets.. the stop you. the disctype brakes the heavyduty of dust the out and new up

.. without stopping PTO Sitting heat. or standing,

. electrical wide12-volt system powerful start without again up safer, you're commore

tractor touching clutch or dust sealed headlights angle, entirefortable; splitbeam..fromthe have you

gearshift. visibility. ly new dirt. drive Tractor. the See new and and ZB

ROLLER 1 DRAWNEW all that advantages Discover make the the new 18"swing. BAR! FEATURES! SAFETY <? NEW value tractor greatest today's.. tomorrow's ZB Locks backing Fullwhen UniMatic PTO atand

jackknif- to prevent fully shielded. tachments top your farm. producer profit on

of ing impledrawn ] b ment.

8 NEW BRAKE SYSTEM!

brake pedals Longer SPttfBEAM NEW at steer- (both LIGHTS! Easier roaddisc- ing column rightnewof. safer work. road

brakes) type travel. Sealed. against

dust and dirt.

9 NEW 12VOLT ELECTRICAL SYSTEM!

voltage Double for I?NEW PRESSURE starts, sure quick, AutoCOOLING!

life. longer battery cooltype motive

ing system for longer engine life.

10 MORE POWER! Higher compression cylinder heads, high compression ratio... for

more power... dollar-stretching fuel 2-Row Mounted Huskor for the ZB Tractor economy.

This 2-row Huskor attachment mounts right on the ZB tractor with just two simple hookups... gives you selfpropelled corn harvesting with new ZB economy!

CHECK WITH YOUR MM DEALER FOR COMPLETE FAGS ON THE Mounted Huskor also available for new 3-4 plow model

MANY BIG VALUE IMPROVEMENTS BUILT INTO THE NEW MM ZB UB tractor.

1, MINNESOTA I N NEAPOLIS O LI N E MINNEAPOLIS 620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7hetfaAt

PAINT DEALER YOUR CHOICE OF COLOR PLANS TO GO WITH YOUR RUG—AT YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD FULLER

SEPTEMBER 1953 621 NEW 1954 'EmersonTV F RECEPTION BUILTIN U H F V H FOR AS LITTLE AS 159"

NOIV/

'eCepti -n s,ve or of uhf"F *toni'"""dlngw FQp* c*Pen

S|tP?::

EMERSON

MODEL t-"**A'****"

GETS EVERY PRESENT AND FUTURE 2? o-poJ;,ec;10'''* */.

CHANNEL, WHEREVER YOU LIVE, WHEREVER YOU MOVE!

EMERSON 21INCH MODEL 781 The set with the future built in. You

get all 82 UHFVHF Channels wherever you live, wherever you 'lffi!S3!fi

move, nothing to add... Ever! Handsome wood cabinet with scratchresistant mahogany finish. AQ95*

Mfrs. Suggested List Prices

OVER 14,000,000 SATISFIED OWNERS... EmerSOn...AMERICA'S BEST BUY!

Z.C.M.I. Wholesale Distributors—Furniture and Appliances—Intermountain Distributor—1665 Bennett Road—Salt Lake City

SALT LAKE CITY OGDEN SUNSET EMMETT

American Home Furnishings C. C. Anderson Morby's Hetherington Electric

Inc. Bolinder's Brown Appliance Appliances Sporting Goods & HOMEDALE TOOELE Kartell Butler's Service T.V. Co. Supply Homedale Tooele Mercantile Sterling Furniture Co. Co. Herrod & KUNA J. Silver's Read G. Treasure John House TREMONTON Co.. Saveon Dept. Z.C.M.I. Appliance Bros. Hale OREM NAMPA E. C. Willberg BOUNTIFUL Co. Furniture Hales BOISE T.V. 20th Century PROVO

Fifer's Fair NYSSA Center Shopping Cluff GUNNISON Furniture Nyssa Co. Electric Herbert Co. Furnace Appliance Recording Hansen Wasatch & Firestone Store T.V. Town

LEHI ROY T.V. & R ONTARIO D. Co. H. Service Sparrow Johnson T.V. Consultants Visual JAudio T.V. Center

Qualifreeze Co. SANDY MIDVALE PARMA Service Radio Used Soter's Kuhre Co. Jensen & Furniture Charlie Johnson

CALDWELL PAYETTE SPANISH FORK MURRAY

Grief Music Co. Reed E. Warner C & R Appliance Murray Plumbing & Heating

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA n the light of faith, President David O. McKay has

built a practical and noble life. May it continue to

glow before his fellow men for many years to come.

Utah Power & Light Company 1 o mote than a million members of his Church, the

Honorable David O. McKay is revered "president."

In a special sense, to thousands of stockholders of this company in virtually every state of the nation, and to other thousands of sugar beet growers and office and factory workers in six western states, this distinguished and venerable leader is "our president."

Like every president of the Church since Brigham HAIL Young, who directed the first venture to make sugar from sugar beets in western America, President David

O. McKay has been a zealous and effective champion

of this vital western industry.

Under his wise and courageous leadership, the InterOUR mountain area's first sugar company is now entering a new phase of solid expansion—the completion,

this fall, in the heart of the great Columbia Empire near Moses Lake, in Washington, of one of America's PRESIDENT! most modern beet sugar factories.

But even more important than his encouragement of this great industry, President McKay has brought honor and respect to his Church and his state from men and women of high and low degree from all parts of the earth by his understanding heart and his love for all men of good will.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR CO.

Home Office: Salt Lake City

Factories in Utah, Idaho, Washington, and South Dakota

P

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. Tomi House

CRACKERS Popping of corn and other grains was PURITY practised early in human history.

Popped corn has been found in early sites in North and South America. In

India rice is popped by stirring it in hot sand.

O'tuart Robertson estimates that onefourth of all our spoken language is Bite into a delicious TOWN made up of the use of the words and, be, HOUSE Cracker. Discover

have, it, of, the, to, will, you, I, a, on, the completely different that and is. An examination of five flavor of these crisp, tender,

million written words by adults found goldenbrown ovals.

the ten most /, the, were common and, to, of, in, we, for, you, and a.

*—p1'xtendedgroup ofphysiologicalUniversity researchof Rochesterby a

physiologists made during World War

II found that in the desert: the loss of See? No Crumbs! How

is water by the greater body no when it come?

is drunk just as rapidly as the man baking secret That's—ajustPurityone it, to wants drink as it saves he when

until long after that time is past; that more amazing thing

it seems worthless to aim at relieving about these marvelous thirst sensations by drugs or chewing new crackers.

or mouthing a pebble; that it is better

to have water inside than to carry it, for one is then more efficient and comfortable; it has not been found possible

to relieve dehydration by any means except water; there is no evidence that

a man can train himself by any scheme of training, to get along on less and less water for any length of time.

nr'he locust plague in the Middle East,

A which became very serious in 1951, is being met by international coopera- tion and Point Four aid from the

United States. Prompt Point Four aid

with aerial methods and the new insecticide Aldrin demonstrated in Iran,

Pakistan, and India that there is hope for permanent control. Ordinarily just

a grasshopper, in periods of from 10 to 17 years determined by environmental conditions the locust puts on muscle and a scowl, changes color, develops longer wings, shorter legs, higher temperature, and an insatiable appetite and takes to the skies. In flight there

may be twenty locusts a cubic yard in a cloud from one to five hundred feet deep. When settled, they can be

as dense as 10,000 a square yard and 600 to 800 tons an acre. Swarms sometimes fly as far as 2000 miles. TownHouse$&Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello... Phoenix

SEPTEMBER 1953 THE DOMINION OF CANADA >fc look up... All inhabitants of the Western Hem- >s

isphere should be grateful for at by Dr. G. Homer Durham

things. two First, is that they UNIVERSITY OF UTAH wt least

for their have northernmost neighbor look down...

the Dominion of Canada. Second, we

should appreciate the fact that the Ottawa 202,045 dominion, occupying its northern posilook all around! tion, is the largest state in area in the QuebecEdmonton 164,016159,631

Western Hemisphere.

Both facts have enormous significance Nearly sixtytwo percent of all in these times. Canadians are urban folk, dwelling in

The people of the world live in the places of one thousand or more. The

Northern Hemisphere, by and large. remaining thirtyeight percent are rural.

The great populous cities, centers of These people are governed under a great industrial and military power, are in constitutional scheme, whose basis is the the northern hemisphere: London, New British North America Act of 1867

York, Paris, Berlin, Moscow, Tokyo, as amended. There is no appeal posShanghai, even Calcutta, not to mensible from the courts of Canada to the

tion Montreal, Toronto, Detroit, Chicourts of the United Kingdom. The

cago, Seattle, Los Angeles, and San Canadian Parliament and not the

Francisco. Canada occupies 3,845,774 Parliament at London, since 1949, has

square miles of land. It lies below the power to amend its basic constitumany of the strategic airtional scheme. IndeTHE VISTADOME routes of communication pendent, even in the field

between these centers. of foreign and military

Canada is an Atlantic affairs since 19141919, and a Pacific power of the symbolic link with major importance; more the British crown is the

than most people realize. 'IIM post of GovernorGeneral

The air space above its of Canada. Since Febland is among the most ruary 28, 1952, this post

important in the world. has been held by VinThe people and the incent Massey, CanadianZepfar stitutions on the land are peaceloving, born, and a brother of the wellknown

freedomloving, and Godfearing. They actor, Raymond Massey. Mr. Massey

DAILY BETWEEN are the best kind of neighbors. All is GovernorGeneral, but he does not

SALT LAKE CITY AND whatshouldit appreciateis, and whatCanadait is destinedmore, forto governmentgovern; neitheris inis thehe handsa general.of ParliaThe

SAN FRANCISCO become. ment, a twochambered body consisting of a of Senate and a House ComYet, residents of the most United a mileafter-mile panoramEnjoy

senate has mons. 102 members, The are ignorant concerning Canada. ic, of Vista the most States view -Dome

life for (corresponding somenamed states tell us can Canadians many how in the magnificent scenery U.S.A.

... through California's famed in the Union; even name most of the what to the British House of Lords).

Feather River Canyon during fortyeight. They know our Presidents Appointments to the Senate, when

daylight hours! and our policies. In a recent survey, vacancies occur, are really controlled

of the by (from Cabinet the House all eightythree percent of Canadian Luxurious Cars...lowSleeping

are appointees although Commons), students give correct examined could Reclining cost Chair VistaDome nominally the GovernorGen- by made to answers questions such the about Cars... Diner Cars... two Lounge

eral. Ontario the Quebec, and two States, including United the names and...five Vista -Domes!

provinces, older Sentwenty-four have of leaders parties. political our major

Include Southern California Contrariwise, only fortyeight percent of ators each. The remaining fiftyfour

via San Francisco the America students examined, could ofare distributed among the other eight

No additional rail fare I fer correct replies concerning Canada. provinces, none having fewer than six.

real seat the House The of Commons, today is a free, independent Canada THE MOST TALKEDABOUT TRAIN seats time. power, 262 at this A containing nation 14,009,429 people of

IN THE COUNTRY! (1951 Canadian census). It contains political party and its leadership must

Call or write Western Pacific Ticket Office, one of the largest Frenchspeaking control a majority (at least 132) to form

Street, or Union government, cabinet South Temple 27 West headed and by a Depot cities in Montreal, the world, with a

City 4-6551) Salt Lake (Phone of state. ministers the present The inhabitants. 1,021,520 its capiOttawa,

tal, contains 202,045. Its eight largest party in power, hence the government,

cities are: (1951) is the Liberal Party, led by Louis St.

Laurent, who is therefore the Prime

Montreal.. 1,021,520 Minister of Canada and who correToronto 675,754 sponds to President Eisenhower in the

Vancouver 344,833 U.S.A. The Liberal Party has controlled

Winnipeg 235,710 the government for many years. The

Hamilton 208,321 {Continued on page 678) 626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You are invited to join Martha Meade's

- 9?ccipexchange dJub

; S

i 4 1 L,, j

X. Do you have an interesting refc Here's how the Club works. Each home- 3 First Club project is Cake Recipe? One that you are proud of? maker who sends in a cherished recipe becipes. All cake recipes sent in during

Then you are invited to join Martha comes a member. The initiation fee for joining September and October will be reMeade's Recipe Exchange Club. is the word "Sperry"cut from the front of viewed by the club recipe committee

This is a club devoted to good homeany size sack of Sperry Drifted Snow Flour. immediately. Those cake recipes of

making and good food. It aims to In exchange, you get interesting recipes sent outstanding interest will be pubgive recognition to women who are in by other members. News about food, homelished and sent to all Club memcontributing to the enjoyment and making ideas and Club projects will be mailed bers. Each published recipe will give

traditions of friendly western livto you regularly. Also when you join, you get credit to the member who sent it in.

ing. It offers a wonderful opportu- a beautiful copy of your Club's Homemaker's It will tell who she is, where she

nity for you to make new friends. Creed suitable for framing. lives and give other news about her.

Different club recipes to be exchanged in different months

You may send in any interesting recipe at any time. But SEPTEMBER -OCTOBER: Cakes of all kinds. Layer,

since there are so many different kinds of bakings, the club loaf, dark or light.

recipe committee thought it wise to feature one type of NOVEMBER - DECEMBER: Pies and cookies. New

toppings. tricks Clever favorites. old with New will recipes words, cake a time.recipe at In other be exfillings!

Crusts,: Casseroles, Breads. JANUARY - FEBRUARY pie recipes another cooky one and month,changed month, for casseroles. toppings dumplings, Fruit breads, nut and

etc. We call it our bimonthly Club project. muffins, rolls, yeast breads.

MARCHAPRIL: Baked Desserts. Interesting fruit cobHere is the schedule. Your recipe will come up for review blers, shortcakes, puddings and tortes.

and exchange during the months shown at right. Join today. Use application blank!

For 101 years Sperry Drifted Snow Flour has helped make favorite Join Now! Use this application blank

Western recipes better Write recipe plainly on sheet ofpaper and enclose with application blank

Drifted SperryUse Snow "HomePer- Mail to: Recipe Club Exchangefected"in Enriched recipe Flour any you 6, California Oaklandlike. Folks at are you'll Sperry so sure get

better results with this superb flour, that I I would bike to join Martha Meade's Recipe they sell every sack on a double your money I Exchange Club.

back guarantee. Drifted With Sperry Snow Enclosed is my most cherished recipe for can'tyou silverlose. Queen Bess pattern

ware coupon in every sack. I

(KIND OF RECIPE) I have also enclosed the word "Sperry"cut from a sack of Drifted Snow Flour. You

havemy permission to reproduce my recipe, send it to all Club members, and use my name.\berr.v DRIFTED SNOW YOUR NAME ENRICHED "HOMEPERFECTED"

FLOUR PERFECTED""DRIFTEDREGISTEREDSNOW.""MARTHATRADEMARKSMEADE."OF"SPERRY."GENERAL "HOMEMILLS. INC AnDRFSS

r.iTv STATF

SEPTEMBER 1953 627 LJJHciai Lyman of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE ERSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jke Lnurcn of

deSu.5 ikndt

of cJLatteraau faints

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Manuscript Editor: J. ELIZABETH Editor:MOFFITTMARBAResearchC. JOSEPHSONEditor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: IRIS PARKER

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE General Manager: ELBERT R.B. CURTISPETERSEN- -AssociateSIDNEYManager:B. SPERRYBERTHA S. REEDER Jhe icover

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

A fullcolor reproduction of the latest portrait of President David O. McKay was

taken by Walter Lillian Studios especially

THE EDITOR'S PAGE for The Improvement Era and appears on this month's cover.

Excerpts From "Gospel Ideals"President David O. McKay 637

HONORING PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Editorial—A Book, A Man, and A Message Richard L. Evans 638

On the Eightieth Birthday of our President Stephen L Richards 640

Our Tribute to President McKay J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 641

The Church Grows Doyle L. Green 642 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

the At with 644 McKays C. Josephson Home Marba Street Main 50 North

Birthday Greetings the Council of the Fielding from Joseph 704 Twelve Smith

St. Offices, Main 50 North Y.M.M.I.A. Birthday First Greetings the of Seventy from Council Levi Edgar 704 Young

St. North Main Offices, 40 to President Tribute Our Presiding Bishopric 707 Y.W.M.I.A. McKay

Felicitations From the Auxiliaries of the Church 630 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

CHURCH FEATURES Copyrighttion of the1953Youngby MutualMen'sFunds,MutualInc.,Improvementa CorporaSub- Your Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of in the Least reserved. Fielding rights Saints. All 639 Joseph Smith Kingdom Latterday Question—The

foreign in advance; price, $2.50 scription a year, "Entangle in Sin"Not Yourselves Fielding 646 Smith Joseph 25c in advance; year, subscriptions, $3.00 a A. E. Albert L. Zobell, Bowen—18751953 Jr. 652 single copy.

President McKay Dedicates Two European Temple Sites 655 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, mailing for The matter. Acceptance Church Appointees 632 as secondclass to Y.W.M.I.A. General Moves On

in section for provided of rate postage at special Priesthood Melchizedek 704 633 Board 2, July authorized 1917, of October 1103, Act Presiding Bishopric's Page 706 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unOTHER FEATURES solicitedAll manuscriptsmanuscripts,must bebutaccompaniedwelcomes contributions.by sufficient

Old Shaggymane, Monarch of the Midlands John Sherman Walker 649 postage for delivery and return.

Mark, the Gospel of Action Doyle L. Green 650

Education and Eternity Thomas E. Cheney 654 Change of Address

Spoken Richard L. Evans The Square from Temple 672, 688, 700 Word

Exploring Franklin Elbert the Universe, R. Curtis Go Forward, 634 dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adissue S. the magazine. of recent Harris, slip a from address Tribute 625 Jr to James E. Moss, Adam S.

unless the old be cannot made changes Address of These Times, 684 Bennion The Dominion is included. well as one address the as new

626 Page Canada, Your G. 720 and Ours Durham Homer

Today's Family Favorite Sunday Night Supper The Salt, Please, Ruth K. Kent.... 712 National Advertising Representatives

of Norma P. Anderson 708 If I Were a Boy Again, Oscar A.

Kirkham 714 Let's S. Enrol in Seminary, Frank COMPANY TOWNSEND EDWARD Her Farvision Glasses, Florence

Building Russ 710 McGhie 717 W. J. Johnson California Francisco, San

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

STORIES, POETRY Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

To Blush Unseen Lee Priestley 648 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Curtains for Jeanie Julia Collier 657 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

Frontispiece, a Waterfall, Rulon September, By Higbee 683 Alma Robison DAVIS & SONS Armstrong 635 Jones Advent of Autumn, Raymond N. LaSalle 30

Poetry Page 636 Bottom 711 Chicago, IllinoisSt.

Prairie Sunset, Beryl Stewart 679 The Modern Kitchen, Thelma "Destiny,"Robert A. Palmer 705 Ireland 713 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1873 1953

* /j?d Jwyfrttc/ cvfetw 0j'c4i/e<n/ /tannA c?i #cw /ante a/ewpAte/e //w6e c /ie&

ta/cwaeeea/iet/ /wef/eceMm>& /w mr/ve //law /t/fy ye&M.

Congratulations and Best Wishes to

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

upon reaching the notable milestone of 80 years—marking

a long lifetime of leadership and service to his fellowmen.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COMPANY

UTAH'S FIRST CHARTERED SAVINGS BANK MAIN AT SOUTH TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1953 629

NOURISHING

From the Auxiliaries of the Church

HOT'N HEARTYREADY IN SECONDS! Dear President McKay,

Ontotheexpresshappyto youoccasionin writingof yoursomeeightiethof thosebirthday,thoughtsallowof apus preciation for you which are in our hearts, with the heartfelt wish that the blessings of the Lord will continue to be poured out upon you in increasing plenitude in the years ahead.

We acknowledge you as the prophet, seer, and revelator of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The members

of the auxiliary organizations throughout the world testify of their knowledge that you are indeed a true prophet chosen of the Lord to lead his people to exaltation in his kingdom, at a time in the world when men's hearts are failing them.

You are an example to the Church in having served the Lord faithfully and with distinction wherever you have been called to

Active families need serve. When the call came to you as a young man to relinquish

Carnation personal ambitions and consecrate yourself to the service of the

Master, you did so unhesitatingly and unfaltering.

INSTANT WHEAT! You are an example to the Church of a true gentleman,

off FAMILY'S SURE to get to a betterYOUR cereal breakembodying within yourself the Christian virtues. You arestart each with hot day a

fast—especially if it's Carnation Instant exemplary in the deep concern you manifest for your friends and

Wheat! For here's a hearty breakfast the welfare of others.

dish that's just made for active families—brimming as it is with all the natural You are an example to the Church in your family relations.

whole wheat values of thiamine, niacin, phosphorus, and iron! Blessed with the love and devotion of your lovely, sweetheartwife,

YOU'LL FIND that this flavorful cereal not you have reared exemplary children who honor and cherish their only helps provide muchneeded nourparents and reverence their God.

ishment for work or play—but it saves

you time You are an example to the Church in seeking knowledge out

Instant Carnation BECAUSETHAT'S Wheat

..is partially precooked. cooks in "no of the best books and sharing that knowledge with others, and in

time"! And—just wait and see... enriching your home life with culture, beauty, and refinement.

will APPETITES be allSLEEPY MORNING the You are an example to the Church in seeking first the kingdom the rich with goodkeener when tempted ness of this genuine Northwest premium of God and his righteousness, proving the promise that all things wheat! So order Carnation Instant will be added thereto.Wheat today—and delight your family

tomorrow! May we follow your example, heed your admonitions, obey

your behests, and thus express our respect and admiration for you and ever sustain you as our beloved prophetleader.

The General Presidency of the Relief Society

The General Superintendency of the Deseret Sunday

School Union The General Superintendency of the Y.M.M.I.A.

The General Presidency of the Y.W.M.I. A.

The General Presidency of the Primary Association

Same Famous Family As Carnation Milk

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"What a grand opportunity to go calling on all the people you would so much like to know! When I'm

showing Chilton greeting cards to them, I'm a woman who really loves her work."

-M. H. E., Westboro, Mass.

"There's a welcome waiting

I earned have almost!"in—andfor$60.00me at every door I visit just a few weeks

-M. D. A., Flushing, N. Y.

"It's a neverending thrill Thousands tohomes.be acceptedAt myintoage*peoples'that

ever understand;"Make $50 and More With means more than you could -Mrs. J. J. Cr, Washington, D.C.

selling Chilton found "I 23KT This Chilton Plan Famous e I best the cards way know. it... Golden of Think there are of and for. $$$ $$$ waiting n PROFIT CASH *9J'Assortment to service a friendly perform..p.iie"in these wonderful< boxes beautiful of It's Chilton a Greeting Cards. to a "mixer". be good and Christ-

..,,,. profit,. 21 too youGUARANTEED you must just make showing money by '&% will build and up good for You these to cards friends neighbors, and or return l untied you cards. the may at time the Pistes same a make year Each thousands of are men and women friends making and ***& and new profit on time."your good XeirSess assuring themselves col extra of through money the "friendChilton famous S. Gorgeous T., L. N. C. Augusta,! ith -M.? cence ship plan."The see moment these rW you beautiful, r colorful cards you'll Sell;?. risticallV P? Kit. understand are people why so to eager buy are them. for cards C K* There ing -Gold every... occasion Christmas cards, birthday cards, $1-25anniversary, This getwell, CLUBS! CHURCHES'ORGANIZATIONS! is a for box this friendship, congratulation cards. just ordinary Not cards but cards so handsure-fire fundraising for tested you! plan Chrisimas they'll some be remembered treasured and through the years! of Sol, Your sense tell will own good there you literally must be of hundreds aV s a card folks colorful right in I your neighborhood who'll thank for you introducing them A CO. CHILTON GREETINGS to these cards. That's to why want send we these you three introductory IE-9 St., Kingston 120 Dept. Boston 11, Mass. boxes to now prove a what friendly,... warm, it human is experience

St., III. Chicago'Dept. Roscoe 1812 13, IE-9 to show Chilton cards

You'll earn $10, $20, Please of three the and boxes more, quickly $50 and easily. need You and dainty; as a new of described the member above "Chilton sendGREETINGSme no CHILTON Family"you get our moneysentiment. Box Us fot $l. experiencemaking guides explain which free approval. nothing the on I pay everything. when

Stqrlites cards arrive. I understand the special

to price, Chilton Dealers FREE plus only $1 TRIAL pvecatchingey 0FFERY0UR PROFITS GUARANTEED meial mailing costs that return and get them I mayis started, To 14 you this we make offer amazing all of b 3 boxes h of ac aluminum obligation without satisfied. cards'. if not famous Chilton Greeting for Cards just $1.00 offer an that heavenly,Bf bin s y may never—

! be again made Send no money, nothing pay when your sample boxes

arrive. Just examine these cards and them;- show to friends your Name.. and

neighbors. Unless they bring you immediate orders for many more boxes

as active an Chilton Dealer, just return the cards o* nothing. and owe if Or assortment,- prefer, you keep for them Address. your at use the own wholesale price. You don't $1.25.! risk a this penny offer But is limited so mail the coupon today

City Zone State, raiser If you are St., a fund Kingston 120 Boston 11, Mass. for an organization, please here. check

St., III. Roscoe 1812 Chicago 13,

SEPTEMBER 1953 631 the Church moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the under the direction of the First PresiJune 1953 Council of the Twelve dedicated dency and the Council of the Twelve,

the chapel of the Valley Center First and will work through an executive

I 7 Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to and Second wards, Mill Creek (Salt committee consisting of President the Council of the Twelve, dediLake County) Stake. The structure Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council

cated the chapel of the North Logan also serves as a stake house. of the Twelve and Elders Harold B.

Ward, East Cache (Utah) Stake. President Milton R. Hunter of the Lee, Henry D. Moyle, Marion G. RomFirst Council of the Seventy dedicated ney, and Adam S. Bennion. Dr. Wilkin-

O 1 President David O. McKay dedithe chapel of the Grove Ward, son's offices will remain on the camcated the chapel of the South Timpanogos (Utah) Stake. The buildpus at Provo, Utah. He has selected

Bountiful Ward, South Davis (Utah) ing also is the stake house. Elder William E. Berrett to be vice

Stake. The rebuilt chapel had represident in charge of religious educacently been destroyed by fire. Butte (Montana) Stake was created tion, Elder William F. Edwards to be

portions of States the Central from West vice president in charge of finance and Elder Morris, Assistant George Q. Mission, Elder T. Edgar with Henderbusiness administration; Elder and to the of the Council dedicated Twelve,

as sustained president, son Elders and L. as Harvey Taylor assistant. executive of the chapel the Kanesville Ward, Pitts Harold Russell H. C. Taylor and schools in The Church included the Lake Stake. (Utah) View as counselors. in created were Wards unification are program Brigham Young

North Pocatello Stake organized from Anaconda, Butte, Dillon, Bozeman, and University, Ricks College, at Rexburg, portions of the Pocatello (Idaho) Stake, Helena. Branches of the stake were Idaho; L.D.S. Business College and the

with Elder Jared Oliver Anderson susorganized at Belgrade, Deer Lodge, McCune School of Music and Art, Salt tained as stake president. President Lima, Sheridan, Three Forks, Townsend, Lake City, both of which have been

Anderson was formerly first counselor and Whitehall. There are approxibranches of Brigham Young University

in the Pocatello Stake. Elders Alton mately thirtyfive hundred members of for some time; the Juarez Stake Academy

M. Alexander and Homer Stuart Satterthe Church in this, the 208th stake of in Colonia Dublan, Mexico; and misfield as sustained his counselors. The the Elders Church. Kimsion Spencer W. schools in the Islands, Tongan

stake of the Fort Hall is made up and ball in Richards and LeGrand were British Samoa, and New Zealand.

the Pocatello Seventh, Eighth, Thircharge of organizing this stake. About fifteen thousand fulltime students

teenth, Fifteenth, and Seventeenth attend institutions of learning.

wards. Elder William R. Cahoon sustained as president of the Pocatello July 1953 1 j} The First Presidency sent a letter Stake, with Lee Elders Marion Coleman

and Cecil Harper as counselors. Reto stake presidents and ward bishmaining in the Pocatello Stake are the 7 The First Presidency set apart ops that draft laws had been modified

Inkom and the Pocatello Second, Elders Joseph O. Stradling and so that one young man in each ward

Fourth, Sixth, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Henry L. Smith as counselors to Presiand independent branch of the organized

wards. President William P. Whitaker dent Arwell L. Pierce of the Arizona stakes is to be selected for serving a

and his counselors, Elders Jared O. Temple. mission. Upon clearances of local draft

Anderson and Leo H. Edgley were rePresident Delbert G. Taylor of the board officials, that young man will be

leased from the presidency of the PocaEastern States Mission, representing the called on his mission. Of course such

tello Stake. Elders Spencer Kimball W. interviewed Church, by Dr. was Lyman tionselders uponwill completionbe subject ofto theirdraftmissions.regulaof the of Richards and LeGrand Council initial series the featuring Bryson on

the Twelve were in charge of these religion on the "You and the World"changes. North Pocatello is the 207th program of the Columbia Broadcasting Total membership in the Relief

stake now functioning in the Church. System radio network. Societies of the Church at the end

of 1952 was 140,354, it was announced.

Dr. Lee, a Harold G member W. represented a gain of 7903 members First Presidency announced This of Q The of faculty the Brigham Young Uniin, the calendar year. total, the Of the unification of all educational

versity, was set apart as president of institutions of the Church under a sin112,188 members reside in the stakes, the French Mission, succeeding Presigle administrator. Dr. Ernest L. and 28,166 are members of mission Redent Golden L. Woolf. President Lee Wilkinson, president of Brigham Young lief Societies.

filled a mission to France, Belgium, and University, will be the administrator.

193033. in called Switzerland was He in unification prothe Included new this broadcast, 1248th, the With of last the as bishop Provo Ninth Ward schools, are eight in Utah, Church gram 12 Salt the Lake Tabernacle choir Prior a that to March. he been had Seas, Idaho, the Mexico, South and organ completed and twentyfour years of the high Stake East Provo member

. fifteen of religion, institutes 192 and of broadcasting radio on networks. The Sister five for years. half council a and senior junior seminaries throughand

first weekly program was heard on July sons their will four Lee and accompany is out the Church. change new The 15, 1929. this to France. mission on him of effective the retirement upon made

Dr. Franklin L. West, who has been

O 7 This weekend marked the end of Church commissioner of education since Fj Elder Albert E. Bowen of the

stake conferences until the week1935. Under the new plan, Dr. WilkinCouncil of the Twelve passed

end of August 1516. son will assume general administration away. He was 77 years of age.

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE BOOK ALL THE NOW CHURCH HAS BEEN

WAITING FOR Moana B. Bennett Joyce Roberts

Appointees to the Gospel Y.W.M.I.A. General Board

new members of the general Ideals—

Twoboard of the Young Women's SELECTIONS FROM THE—Mrs.MutualMoanaImprovementBallif BennettAssociationand f ft DISCOURSES OF

Joyce Roberts—have been announced

by Reeder. General President Bertha S. David 0. McKay

At the time of her appointment,

Mrs. Bennett had been serving as a

member of the South Davis (Utah) The release of this timely, worthwhile volume presents for the

Stake Y.W.M.LA. board. Other first time in book form the teachings of President McKay—a

Church assignments of Mrs. Bennett man whose kindness and understanding has brought happiness

include being secretary and also a and knowledge to thousands. Between the cover's of this reteacher of the Provo Ninth Ward markable book are about 600 pages packed with comfort, courage

Sunday School, East Provo (Utah) and inspiration for every reader. It's a volume which will serve

light"betterment for the "living of men as a in the South director Stake; drama

world in solife and community women (Salt Lake and Ensign Eighteenth Ward, inspired ciety. You'll these find a messages City) Stake; drama director in the guide toward joy and peace on earth. $400

North Twentieth Ward of the same stake; and Junior Gleaner leader in

the North Twentyfirst Ward, Emigration (Salt Lake City) Stake.

Mrs. Bennett was graduated from ANOTHER BOOK BY CLEON SKOUSEN, AUTHOR OF

Brigham Young University in 1949. "PROPHECY AND MODERN TIMES"

She is the daughter of President and

Mrs. Ariel S. Ballif of the East Provo

Stake. She is the wife of John H. BenThis new exciting book contains those

nett. vital and fundamental truths of Skousen's Sunday evening Tabernacle

She has been assigned to the drama broadcasts. It is a compilation of

committee of the general board. answers to questions which plague

Miss Roberts, now a member of the the minds of modern men. They are

West Twelfth Ward, University (Salt answers that the author found

Lake City) Stake, has recently moved reliable and heartwarming in the from Santa Barbara, California. struggle of daily living.

While in Santa Barbara Ward, she Beneficial... enlightening

was instructor of the Gospel Message... a "must"volume for $4% 00 class in Sunday School and a counyour library.

selor in the presidency of the

Y.W.M.LA.

She has filled a mission in Mexico.

She was graduated from the UniverAvailable from the Bookcraft dealer in your area.

sity of California, at Berkeley, in 1946, and has since done graduate work at Brigham Young University.

She was born at Inglewood, California, the daughter of Elder and t Bookcraf

Mrs. Rex M. Roberts. 1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

Miss Roberts has been assigned to serve on the sports committee.

SEPTEMBER 1953 633 GO FORWARD*

by Elbert R. Curtis

President Schiff, Dr. Schuck, distinguished guests, Scouts, Scouters,

and friends of scouting:

It is a privilege and a distinct honor to represent the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints at this important time and on this glorious and thrilling occasion.

We love boys and have faith in the youth of America.

This year the Mormon people are celebrating the anniversary of forty years of happy experience in scouting.

It was in June 1913 that we received our first charter which, we are informed, was the first charter ever issued to a religious body by the national council.

Scouting is a most important part of our youth program, and eightyfive percent of our boys of scouting ages are registered as Scouts and Explorers.boys—andTensboys ofwhothousandsare now ofmenour

have enjoyed the blessings of this inspired program, and benefited therefrom. Through it they have been

kept clean—have been made more

conscious of the necessity of keeping themselves physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight.

We find that the ideals of this great program are in complete harmony with our Church purposes and doctrines, that the development of our boys into strong individuals is similar to the Church concepts that the duty to God and the service to

Luscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to others are completely acceptable as you as fresh as the day they were packed Church teachings.

twicesealed in Flavotite cartons or bags. The forebears of these young Morstay fresh They hold their natural and goodmons present at this glorious jamboPut a bowlful of Plump and Meaty j +as+e> Try ness and +hem +oday

California Seedless raisins on your ree walked many dreary miles across table. It's a taste delight... a barren desert that they might worbrimming with nutrition, too! Naship their God without hindrance and

ture's own confection. according to the dictates of their conscience.

These Mormon Scouts have been Look for tk Re4 and Yellow Package taught that the Constitution of these

United States was inspired of God.

There has been implanted in their hearts a love for this land—for its

flag, its freedoms and liberties. The

God of heaven has jealously guarded

Buy the SAVE! and four economical two this freedoms and preserved land—its in Flavotite. bags, twicesealed pound

its liberties. has Almighty and The keep! They

declared that this is a choice land, (Concluded on page 691) at delivered the convocation, of Scouts Boy

National evening, Jamboree July held Sunday 1953 VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA America"Talk 19, at Irvine Ranch, California.

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...*...,*

By

a

Waterfall

-Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

Exploring one time in a valley small

I happened by chance on a waterfall,

Spraying like rain over rock ledges cool,

Splashing on down to a transparent pool.

Reflected there was the blue of the sky

That curved to the crest of the ridge nearby;

The boulders and trees on the mountainside

And flowers on the bank with mouths opened wide.

Halfhidden there, too, in a shady glade

Was a spotted fawn not at all afraid.

And out in the pool in majestic grace

Swam a snowwhite swan from her nesting place.

There mid the surge of a breeze through the trees,

The song of a lark, and humming of bees,

I thanked God above for that valley small

And the peaceful sound of that waterfall.

by R uIon Armstrong Jones SEPTEMBER 1953 635 A TEACHER RETURNS THIS IS GOD BEFORE SEPTEMBER CAME

By Pauline Chadwell By Henry Kekoanui By Leone E. McCune

the other F searched day for God it September TJeforeChe seemed came has come back—the way the tide * far wide; and And wandered ** returns us unsurbeauty That summer gave

To its familiar shore. Across the space I touched each vine along the way, passed:

Of time, the yearning spirit learns Through vale, up mountainside. June roses, lilies, scintillating lakes

That something of itself has left its trace And when I saw the sheltered green Of gentian blue, and mountain tops enWithin these walls—this room, unchanged Of dewey, grassy springs, masse

by years. I said, "Why, surely this is God With trembling aspen, pine, and juniper.

No voice can say the thought within her Among these growing things."But here beneath these fruited orchard

heart boughs I traveled suddenly on, andThat tart red apples, luscious peaches, pears, Of listens to the cloistered past—and

clear sky blue out the From hears Blue of purple plums, damson and vines

Young laughter, wisdom, or a song's swift I heard the beat of mighty wings grapes start. A host of birds flew by. And just beyond, bright paisleyhooded hills

I watched them till their lonely call And gardens colorful as Carmen's dress,

While children now recall a shining part Echoed soft away and dim, The season gives the ultimate in eye spoke heart then And my the living thought memory, remainsOf appetite. lagging whets the low to me, Appeal—and

I've seen that Him.""I know to reaching outUnspoken, from heart fades beauty, Beside this flaming summer

heart, Into a paler splendor. Or, can it be

The way devotion to a cause ordains: On and on I went that day That each new season has a charm far

She has kept faith with old ideals whose Till shadows stayed the light, greater than the last?

bright And a vast number of stars,

Eternal strength still gives the world its All timidly, light. Stole forth into the night;

And as I watched, with searching eyes FESTIVAL

Unto the heavens'glow, OLD HIGH SCHOOL There came to me the silent words, By Mary Lucretia Barker "Yes, this is God, I know."

By Alma Robison Higbee '"Phis is a time of bluegrape hills

Home, home at last, still sad at heart, * With zestful air that gaily spills * I *en years or more this place has stood T finally made my way, From"morning sky of brilliant rose * alone For how could I be sure To color the landscape where it flows.

With stargrass tangle nibbling at the door; How much I had seen of God that day?

Time has set its mark on beam and stone; And as I bent my tired head, There are rich jewels in the leaves

rubies. sheaves GlossyAnd

hold gladly fields that floor dust lies velvet soft upon the oaken AI thoughtgentle breezeand heardcaressedmy voiceme; again, HighlightTopaz andthe

Where velvetfooted mice steal out and in. "Surely now he's blessed me."These shining piles of hoarded gold.

The windows are dim old eyes that seem to peer The flowers are garnet, amethyst,

Where goldbacked spiders swing and spin WILDWOOD TREASURE Carnelian, keeping a gallant tryst year bundles, in on year. bind the daysAnd

halls knowledge these was withinOnce By Grace Shull Eichmann ThatWith danceautumnthroughand herlonggenialand rayssunwarmed wrought wisdom laced with laughter. Here Obeying the call of wildwood trails days.And

youth came Stored rapturous beauty for my today

To store these treasures in the vaults of As from my storeroom Spirit unveils thought, A forest cathedral near rugged height, LEGACY

And here ambition kindled its glowing A golden sunset past rolling sea.

flame. A flowery meadow creates delight. Ethel Hope Hodson

Today the schoolhouse stands, a monuMemoried matins and vespers of birds left legacy summer. is the us by of brooklet notes and breeze '"Phis Companion ment

winter is the for the *- Left days without Symphonic arias when words. like a nest, forsaken and forlorn)(Though

To brighteyed youth, the ones who came chill, and went, Stored in the memory to linger forever,

For here a thousand songs and dreams ONLY THE HEART To be recalled any time and at will:

were born.

By Anobel Armour Red roses blooming in greatest profusion;

spicy Oldfashioned their pinks sharp, with the slow can understand mind T Tow TIME OF A WISP smell;

* * Infinite is as beauty such petunias, daisies, phlox, bright Gayest and Gustafson Mary Offered to By eye each day and hand spell: their with color magical Weaving

is a In world so surely His? which

who gives pleasure its sky arch the in of deepHe Days when in return; joy the can slow ever Has mind know How

sapphire the finches'greater wings, than one WonderHappy great, sun; like"sparkling the Held, a jewel, to discern Threading has paths roses red power where blow,Who

stars in the Nights and the moon when of all lovely things? Epitome

The need of a smile, their brilliance

A letter or such. Only the trusting heart can be, Seemed of bright platinum fashioned and

The cost may be little With never a need to question why, spun;

And yet mean so muchl At one with grass blades or a tree,

At one with bird songs down the sky. Gone—all are gone now since summer deBluebirds will drift parted,

The hours of the day, The mind is numbed by earth's wide wonUnseen and silently when night was still;

For happiness grows der; But, in the legacy left us by summer,

As you give it away! The heart accepts and turns doubt under! All of its loveliness comes back at will.

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gospel Ideals

by President David O. McKay

Has Yousomebodymay holdoffendedresentmentyou inif youthe wish,Church?say ofplicity,the Comforter,brings inevitablya divine theGuide,promisedwhom blessingsthey can

nothing to him, and let resentment canker never know, who "change the ordinance and your soul. If you do, you will be the one who transgress the law."Though men may scoff at it,

is injured, not the one who you think has injured ridicule it, and doubt its efficacy, baptism remains you. You will feel better and be far happier to ever, even in its simplicity, not only one of the

follow the divine injunction: If you have aught most beautiful symbols known, but also one of the

against your brother, go to him. (See Matt. most effective laws operating for the salvation of

5:2324.) mankind.

Too many men are claiming that the world

Christ, of of Jesus the Church To members living effortlessly are sitting owes them a and is as is tithing therefore, a law of God as much by, expecting the into world its luxuries to throw is the one to compelled obey No one their passive laps. Too late they will learn that baptism.

the receives other; the one and no any more than

the earth rewards richly only the strenuous strugblessing of either without obedience thereto. They

gles. who reject the law of tithing put themselves in the

same class as the "Pharisees and lawyers"who

There is no salvation without work. in the days of John the Baptist, "rejected the

counsel of God against themselves."

Teachers, begin the preparation of your lessons in prayer. Teach your lessons with a prayerful

heart.... Then pray that God will enrich your Do not think that there is not a spiritual sigmessage in the souls of your children through the nificance in the little principle of fasting. Do not

influence of his holy Spirit. think, parents, that you are favoring your child

sic sic sic sic sic sic sfe when, out of compassion, you say, "Oh, give him his breakfast;... the little boy is too young to go

It is the Spirit which teaches the spirit. What without his meal,"and so on. You do not know

you are is what will influence your children what you are doing by such teaching as that. I

not what you say. The Spirit of the Lord is want to tell you that the children of our Church

what is going to reach those teachers and teach can be so taught this principle of selfdenial that your children they will set worthy examples to their parents in the observance of it.

You cannot awaken in the hearts of children a nobility which is not yours.

There is no one great thing which we can do to obtain eternal life, and it seems to me that the

The ordinance of baptism is a law of God, great lesson to be learned in the world today is to obedience to which, in sincerity, in purity, in simapply in the little acts and duties of life the glori- *Excerpts from the book Gospel Ideals by President David O. McKay. ous principles of the gospel.

SSiSSiiS 5&&&&Q Editor's Page SEPTEMBER 1953 637 Editorial

A Book, A Man, and

A Message

by Richard L. Evans

is nearly half a century since the Council of the Twelve. He took

It President David O. McKay first an earnest interest in it before his

became a member of the Council death, and the completion of it was of the Twelve Apostles at the age of close to his heart. The able selecting

thirtytwo. and organizing by Dr. G. Homer

Fortyseven years is long in any Durham, and the further selecting, life—especially in a life so fully editing, and designing of The Imfilled with official duty, and so richprovement Era staff have all conly filled with personal living, with tributed to the producing and pubgraciousness—and greatness. In that lishing of a significant and artistic

long official life (and before) there and inspiring volume.

has been a constancy of conviction, a But the real substance was provided constancy of high motives that have by the President himself, in words moved him, and a constancy of hopethat he has written and spoken durful, encouraging outlook on life. And ing nearly five decades. For the stake

always in evidence has been his unpresident, the bishop, the priesthood usual ability as a teacher of truth. bearer, for the officer and teacher,

On the eightieth anniversary of his there is counsel from a longseasoned birth, The Improvement Era is honChurch administrator and lifelong ored in the privilege of publishing teacher. For young people facing the

a book Gospel Ideals—selected from urgent problems and decisions of life,

his writings and sermons of nearly there are wise and steadying words half a century. from an understanding friend. For

In the book there is a great breadth parents, there is guidance from one of solid, satisfying counsel, of insight who has looked long and well at the and understanding, of undeviating problems of parents. For all, there

principle coupled with honest inquiry, is food for the mind, for the heart, of hope and promise, of love and for the spirit.

guidance for living. One cannot read these pages withIn it also is the evidence of an out sensing that President McKay has

organized approach to principles and had a long and providential preparaproblems, with the significant points tion for the high office he holds. The

sharply set forth and defined so that constancy of his counsel and the conthe reader feels as he pursues these viction of his testimony of truth will pages that the author of them has give guidance and comfort, encoursensed the responsibility of each utagement and conviction for this, his terance and has given careful, conown day, and far into the future.

sidered judgment to the weight of his words. With all the Church, with his

All this is true whether the sermon family, and with unnumbered hosts of friends of his faith, join in not we '26, in spoken was 1906, or '46—or healih wishing happiness, and him since 1951 the reheavier when

sponsibility of the Presidency of the and long extended usefulness in noble

Church was placed upon him. service. May his life be blessed and

This work was proposed and his days be sweet, this day—and

planned by Dr. John A. Widtsoe of always.

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Youn uestton

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

President Joseph Fielding Smith

The Least in the Kingdom

Question: to baptize the Son of Man. Whoever had the

honor of doing that? Whoever had so great a

"I am writing in behalf of the ward Relief Soprivilege and glory? Whoever led the Son of

ciety. In one of our lessons, page 859, an item apGod into the waters of baptism, and had the

pears that no one in the class was able to explain.

We have asked several of our priesthood members, privilegethe form ofof beholdinga dove, ortheratherHolyinGhostthe signdescendof thein but they are unable to give us the explanation. If it dove, in witness of that administration? The sign

is not too much trouble, we would appreciate it if of the dove was instituted before the creation you would give us the answer. It is said of John of the world, a witness for the Holy Ghost, and

that among all that were born of women there the devil cannot come in the sign of a dove.

was none greater than he, yet the least in the The Holy Ghost is a personage, and is in the form kingdom of heaven was greater than he. We of a personage. It does not confine itself to the

do not understand how this could be."form of the dove, but in sign of the dove. The

Answer: Holy Ghost cannot be transformed into a dove;

""Phis saying is in reference to the Savior's estimate but the sign of a dove was given to John to of John as recorded in Luke 7:28, after the signify the truth of the deed, as the dove is an

disciples of John had come to him and said: "John emblem or token of truth and innocence.

the Baptist hath sent us unto thee, saying, Art "Thirdly. John, at that time, was the only

i thou he that should come? or look we for anlegal administrator in the affairs of the kingdom

other?"(Luke 7:20.) Later the Savior bore there was then on the earth, and holding the

testimony to the greatness of the mission of John, keys of power. The Jews had to obey his inwhich testimony is recorded in Luke 7:28. structions or be damned, by their own law; and

At a meeting held in the Nauvoo Temple, Christ himself fulfilled all righteousness in beSunday, January 29, 1843, the Prophet Joseph coming obedient to the law which he had given

Smith gave the answer to this question. He had to Moses on the mount, and thereby magnified it

been asked to do so at a meeting the week before, and made it honorable instead of destroying it.

when time would not permit of an answer. We The son of Zacharias wrested the keys, the kingquote the full report of the Prophet's remarks: dom, the power, the glory from the Jews, by the

"The question arose from the saying of Jesus, holy anointing and decree of heaven, and these 'Among those that are born of women there is three reasons constitute him the greatest prophet not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: born of a woman.

but he that is least in the kingdom of God is was the least in the greater than he.'[Luke 7:28.] How is it that "Second question:—How

John was considered one of the greatest prophets? kingdom of heaven greater than he?

His miracles could not have constituted his great- "In reply I asked—Whom did Jesus have referness. ence to as being the least? Jesus was looked upon

"First. He was entrusted with a divine mission as having the least claim in God's kingdom, and

of preparing the way before the face of the Lord. [seemingly] was least entitled to their credulity as Whoever had such a trust committed to him a prophet: as though he had said—'He that is conbefore or since? No man. sidered the least among you is greater than John

"Secondly. He was entrusted with the imthat is I myself!'"(DHC 5:260261.) (Teachings

portant mission, and it was required at his hands, of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 275276.)

SEPTEMBER 1953 639 On the Eightieth Birthday of our President by President Stephen L Richards

je look upon birthdays as measureset in order; the temples in the construction and

ments of longevity. They tell us dedication of which he has prominently parwhether a man is old or young or ticipated; the sealing ceremonies he has performed

j middleaged, and strangely enough, and the thousands of young people he has set 'every appraisal is based largely on on the way for marital happiness and eternal the age of the appraiser. glory; his remarkable missionary labors, literally

I do not regard President McKay as being old carrying the restored gospel to and establishing at eighty. Perhaps, by reason of long associamissions for peoples all over the world, and ever

tion, the aging process has been imperceptible, maintaining and increasing the efficiency of the but I find it difficult to discern any appreciable missionary system; his incomparable teaching of

diminution in the eagerness for life, the buoyancy, youth with unforgettable lessons on truth, honor, the ambition, the vitality, the energy, and the and virtue; his support for the auxiliary organizaradiance of personality that characterized the man tions and his invaluable definition of their func-

I came to know, in the providence of the Lord, tions and fields of endeavor; the immeasurable

fifty years ago. comfort he has brought to the bereaved (could

How grateful we of the Church are that this their gratitude find collective expression it would is so, that at the period of his long, eventful fill volumes); his admirable representation of the

life when his greatest opportunities and reChurch in governmental and other distinguished sponsibilities have come, he is blessed with health, circles, making friends for the cause of the strength, and energy to meet them. Redeemer wherever he has gone.

Birthdays, however, may be more than mere So we ask our President to accept as a birthday indications of age. They should be milestones remembrance the gifts which, through the help

on the highway of progress in man's ascent to of the Lord, he has created for himself—his own

his eternal destiny. As year after year he reaches record of matchless achievement, here so briefly

higher elevations, he may look back and forward and imperfectly set down. We ask him also to acwith increased perspective, satisfaction, and vicept that which he has likewise won for himself

sion. the respect, love, and devotion of his people. We

We who love our President can think of no know that he desires that the love we bear him more appropriate greeting for his birthday than be manifest in consecration to the great cause to ask him to pause for a moment on the eminence to which he has so perfectly given his fourscore of eighty and enjoy some of the soul satisfactions years. We give assurance it will be so.

that flow from the decades of Christlike service to President tender O. David Thus McKay, we

his in ministry. long rendered has he ask We

of so the the Lord, our friend, chosen approachretrospect recall in to the of holy volume him ordinances he has administered by virtue of the able, so sympathetic, so understanding, so selfpriesthood he holds for the eternal benefit of our denying for others, affectionate birthday greetings,

Father's children; the encouragement he has given and our prayers and best wishes for the years

to men and women called to positions of reahead to be filled with glorious achievement in sponsibility in the kingdom to learn and perform the consummation of the Lord's purposes, with their duties; the stakes and wards and other a full measure of health, happiness, and satisestablishments of the Church he has created and faction to him we love, our President.

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our Tribute To President McKay

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

>&& s one of the General Authorities of His success and experience in this field, plus a the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattersuccessful missionary experience in his earlier day Saints for nearly half a cenlife in Great Britain, led to his appointment as tury, President David Oman McKay President of the European Mission of the Church has devoted his time, energy, and—a position which he held for two years, and

talents to the service of the Lord in building up to which he brought a devotion to duty, a conhis kingdom here on earth. He was made an tagious enthusiasm, and an unfaltering faith in

Apostle in 1906; a member of the First Presidency the restored gospel, that led to outstanding

in 1934; and became President of the Church achievement. This service was preceded by a tour

in April 1951, following the regular order of of the Church missions in all parts of the world, a succession that obtains in that matter. more extensive tour than any theretofore or since

Educated and trained as a teacher, experienced undertaken by any General Authority. The expeas a successful administrator of Weber College riences of that tour, particularly in the islands

(then the Weber Stake Academy), over which he of the Pacific, are still held in reverent memory presided with great credit and distinguished by all the Saints who were privileged to particiability, it was natural that his early special assignpate in the rich outpourings of the Spirit that ment in Church service called him into the work accompanied his ministrations to the people.

of the auxiliaries. He has a personality of unusual charm. He

His initial work as counselor in the superinloves the people; he is grateful for the love he

tendency of the Deseret Sunday School Union welcomes in return. He loves to mingle among

them and visit with them. They find him kind, under President Joseph F. Smith as superintendent,

and later his service as superintendent, gave him courteous, considerate, interested in them and in opportunity for the further exercise of his outtheir welfare. He brings to his work great enis a great preacher, standing abilities as a teacher and inspirer of thusiasm and energy. He

and the inspiration gathered from his words has youth. Recognizing his superior talents in the

field of education, President Heber J. Grant made stakesled thousandsand missions,of our members,to better inlivestheandwardsgreaterand

him Commissioner of Education for the Church. devotion to the building up of the cause of truth

He had again moved into his chosen field of in the earth. His great aim is to build up the

activity, which he loved and still loves. He is a kingdom, to spread and increase its influence, so

great teacher. Under his able and energetic dithat righteousness may rule the world.

rection the Church school system began a march The people unite in a prayer that God will forward that has continued to this time. continue to bless him abundantly.

SEPTEMBER 1953 641 Courtesy ilding Committee Typical of the recent trend in Church buildings is the new Murray stake and fourward meetinghouse, an architects drawing of which is reproduced above. This building, when completed, will contain two chapels, two complete sets of classrooms, offices for four

bishops, stake offices, and a large recreation hall which can be divided into two separate areas.

versity of Alberta at Edmonton, and the other for students in southern

California, situated a block from theTHE CHURCH GROWS University of Southern California;

by Doyle L. Green (3) the granting of full, unrestricted

accreditation as a fouryear school to

MANAGING EDITOR Ricks College in Rexburg, Idaho.

The seminary program is continualin for example, being expanded: are ly buildings that 385 church ported was sustained O. McKayDavid California area alone the southern does not construction. This of Jesus under President of the Church

Christ of Latterday Saints on include construction in Europe and this fall sixty classes will be held each

April 9, 1951. On his eightieth birththe islands, except Hawaii. The recmorning. During the 195253 year,

day, September 8, 1953, he will have ords show that as many as five or six 36,074 young people were reached presided in this position for two chapels are often dedicated within a with the seminary and institute proyears and five months. It has been a period of one week. gram.

short time, relatively, but it has been During President McKay's adminisAdditional physical indications of a period of progress for the Church, tration, also, the Church's educational the progress being made are the fol- a period of growth and consolidasystem has been revamped so that a lowing: (1) a twomillion dollar extion. To review even part of the maximum number of young people pansion program at the Dr. W. H.

major happenings and to follow can be reached with the strongest posGroves L.D.S. Hospital in Salt Lake

President McKay's activities during sible program. Early indications of this City (this includes a sevenstory adthese twentynine months, is to farreaching move were the making of dition); (2) the completion by the

marvel at the way the Lord has prosthe Latterday Saint Business College Primary Association of the Children's pered the Church during this period. and the McCune School of Music and Hospital in Salt Lake City; (3) the

Activities of the Church are someArt in Salt Lake City, branches of obtaining of the 115bed Utah Valley times broken down into three phases: Brigham Young University. Then Hospital at Provo; (4) the approval

( 1 ) caring for the welfare of the body came the announcement that all the of a new building to house the Relief of the Church, (2) teaching the goseducational institutions, the schools, Society organization to be built north pel to the world, and (3) doing work seminaries, and institutes, had been of the Young Building, across the for the dead. Certainly none of these unified and placed under the head of street from Temple Square in Salt

important activities is being neglected a single administrator, Dr. Ernest Lake City; (5) the purchase by the

under the present administration. Wilkinson, president of Brigham Church of Utah Woolen Mills blanket

Take the first phase, caring for the Young University. Other indications factory in Murray for use in the welwelfare of the body of the Church: of the emphasis being placed on edufare program.

The building of chapels which was cation are: (1) the recent announceThis great building program exheld up during World War II is goment of a tenmillion dollar expanpanding the physical facilities of the

ing forward at an accelerated pace. sion program at B.Y.U. (During the Church was necessitated by the

During 1951, 104 chapels were compast two years the enrolment at this growth in Church membership.

pleted and dedicated. In 1952, 128 university has increased fortytwo When President McKay took office

dedications were held. Already in percent); (2) beginning of constructhere were 184 stakes in the Church.

1953, eightysix 'chapels have been tion on two new institute buildings Today, after twentynine months, completed and dedicated, and it is reone for students attendng the Unithere are 208 stakes. At the close of

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1950 the membership of the Church To compensate for this loss of manPhilippines, Guam, and Okinawa.

was listed as 1,111,314. At the close power the following things were Missionary work was also extended

of 1952 it had grown to 1,189,053. done: (1) more mature missionaries in Central America, and the Central

A move which may eventually were called to go into the field; American Mission with headquarters

affect all of our boys from eight to (2) greater emphasis was placed upon at Guatemala City, was dedicated for ten years of age is the recent adoption stake missions; (3) more fulltime the preaching of the gospel. Further

of the Cub Scout program of the missionaries were called from the field to expedite missionary work, all misBoy Scouts of America. This proto labor in their own vicinities; and sionary activities have been placed

gram has been assigned to the Pri- (4) more emphasis was placed upon under the direction of one committee mary Association and will supplement quality missionary work. headed by President Stephen L

the present weekday activities for On July 20, 1951 a letter was sent Richards. Prior to this change the

boys of these ages. In connection from the First Presidency requesting stake missions were under the direcwith this, the elevenyear-old Scout that each of the 345 quorums of tion of the First Council of the

program which has heretofore been seventy make available at least three Seventy.

carried on by the Y.M.M.I.A. has members to receive calls to the misGenealogical and temple work are

been placed in the hands of the Prision field. A uniform plan for teachreceiving renewed emphasis. Conmary. Two other moves which ing the gospel was also worked out struction on the great new Los

should greatly strengthen the Boy and put into effect in both stake and Angeles Temple is moving ahead.

Scout program are the creation of foreign missions. Amazing results Ground is ready to be broken for con-

a Scout relationships committee, have been reported from the use of struction of the temple near Berne, headed by President McKay, and the these new methods and techniques. Switzerland, and work is expected to

appointment by the national council In 1951, 3836 persons were baptized start soon on a new temple to be of D. L. Roberts as fulltime director into the Church in the stake missituated near London, England.

of Mormon relationships. sions and 5356 inactive members were Microfilming has gone forward unImportant and farreaching changes brought back into activity—all of til today the genealogical microfilm

have been made in the mission acthis through the efforts of the local library in Salt Lake City contains tivities of the Church. Soon after missionaries! Last year nearly 12,000 more rolls than any other library in

the close of World War II, missionary converts were baptized in foreign misthe world—it is even larger than that

work gained momentum, and soon sions alone. of the Library of Congress. Three

an alltime high was reached in the Myriads of people continue to flock and onehalf million pages of Amerinumber of foreign missionaries in the to Temple Square. In 1951, 1,900,269 can films alone were made in 1952,

field. Then came the outbreak of people visited the square. and in that same year Church microhostilities in Korea and an increase Proselyting was recently begun filming through the world averaged

in the draft quotas. As a result of among the Chinese of the San Frannearly one hundred thousand pages

this, returning missionaries could not cisco Bay area. The Japanese Mission for every working day. The latest

be replaced with other young men. was -also expanded to include the (Concluded on page 698)

President McKay inspects architect's drawing For the L. D. S. temple near Berne,

Switzerland.

SEPTEMBER 1953 643; &&saaj jMfa.:

]J-

On holidays the McKay family gather together—sons and daughters, sonsin-law and daughtersin-law, babes in arms, toddlers,

and adolescents—for the fun that always results in being together.

At Home with

by Marba ASSOCIATE

Onelifequalityof Presidentthat typifiesandthe homeSister

David O. McKay is their unfailing graciousness, which follows the

admonition of the Savior concerning the importance of the individual. It

matters not to President McKay and his wife what the age of the person is; what matters to them is that he

is a child of our eternal Father, one born into the world to work out his salvation and entitled to the respect, help, and encouragement that can be given him in this struggle upwards. And President and Mrs.

McKay are there to help. "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one

of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me"(Matt. 25:40)

has been the guiding light of the

McKay household. There is a

thoroughgoing respect for everyone

Music is a favorite pastime in the McKay household. Sister McKay plays the piano

for the President—or with her musical family. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA644

J>\ y/JWC who has crossed the threshold of that what the President might say. But in her quiet manner, she said,

home, just as there is for everyone it is not always so; their differences "Llewlyn, will be it all right if I

whom they meet. are such as indicate the strength of take my eyes off the road to look

Their family life is an ideal one. their characters. There is no argufor some flying squirrels?"InciThere are traditional occasions for ing, but a thoroughgoing respect for dentally, she saw some!

the McKays to celebrate as a family; each other's opinions. However, on President McKay loves Scotch

birthdays are never forgotten—no fundamentals they act as a unit, givstories and tells them with rare good

matter what the stress of other pressing security to their children and dialect. And he even delights in

ing business; for instance, while grandchildren. telling stories on himself.

President and Sister McKay were Concerning "Mama Ray"and Sister McKay has always had her east to meet with the heads of the "Papa Dade"in their relationship, two feet planted firmly on the ground.

government,birthday—andonea telegramof the sonscamehadfroma beautifulthere is a toclosenesssee. Duringof the twothe thatyearsis inShedress,has words,a senseandof actionsappropriatenessthat has

"Papa Dade"as the family affectionwhile the children were little, "Mama given her a poise so great that she ately call the President, wishing the Ray"stayed at home because she makes other people feel perfectly at son a happy day—and many more of felt that she was needed with the ease with her. It is a tribute to

them. Christmas is also a tradition family. Her place was with them. Sister McKay that a few years ago

with the family as are Decoration Now that the family are grown, when she was ill and had to go to

Day, and the Fourth of July. Other the two go everywhere together. And the hospital, President McKay would

special days are celebrated whenever it is well they do, for they complenot stay in their home. He was

possible. Even when illness has made ment each other. There has always either in the hospital with her or in

it seem advisable to cancel plans for been a thoroughgoing respect for the office where work could release these family days of celebration, Sister each other. Neither has ever raised him from concern and loneliness.

McKay has said, "As long as I can his voice. There has never been This closeness permeates the child

crawl, I want the family to come to any quarreling or nagging in the parent relationship as well; the

the home."And come they do—infamily. Some annoyance may have McKays are a closely knit famliy.

fants in arms, toddlers, older grandbeen shown by facial or bodily expresWith the busy life that President children, children, and wives or hussion, but the voices throughout have McKay lives there should be an remained sweet, respectful. equal "busyness"about his relaxaSister McKay, like her husband, tion, and there is. The word Huntshas a sweet sense of humor. Once ville typifies the release and the opbab Forest with her son, husband, President and has felt McKay a markedthe McKays as she was driving through the Kaiportunity to work hard at relaxation. daughterin-law, she to became closeness someof his the home youth

what apprehensive because her son and has given that feeling to his

C Josephson was driving a bit rapidly. Finally, (Continued on page 680)

MANAGING EDITOR

bands. At ninethirty in the morning,

they assemble, and the entire day is spent in joyful reunion.

The Christmas celebration provides the younger people with their full measure of acceptance. Instead of

their sitting at small tables, it is the adults who sit at card tables, and the children are at the big dining room table—"Papa Dade"at the

head, where their personal importance is stressed, to their everlasting delight.

It was the eldest grandson, incidentally, who picked up the name "Papa Dade"(Sister McKay has always called her husband "Dade") and bestowed it on the President, a name that has persisted throughout the years. And it is "Mama Ray,"tiny

but strong, who is right beside him to see that events move as they should and to give him support right down the line.

To some it might seem that Sister

McKay would agree completely with Huntsville affords the McKays the opportunity to learn the value of work.

SEPTEMBER 1953 645 "Entangle Not Yourselves in Sin"

by President Joseph Fielding Smith

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

this revelation was given for the "That ye may be prepared in all

EDITOR'S NOTE guidance of missionaries. We have things when I shall send you again to

This article is taken from an adheard that we are all missionaries. magnify the calling whereunto I have

dress President by Joseph Fielding Every member of the Young Women's called you, and the mission with given at the Smith June conference of the Mutual Improvement Associaand every member of the Young which I have commissioned you.

tions in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, Men's Mutual Improvement Associa- "Behold, I sent you out to testify

Friday afternoon, 1953. 12, June

President Smith, in his love contions is or ought to be a missionary, and warn the people, and it becometh and cern for the youth of the Church, and we are all set apart, not by the every man who hath been warned here M.I.A. the current comments on warn his neighbor. not had to have of hands; laying on we

for the obligation theme and the on "Therefore, they are left without not been calling; have a special we to others give M.I.A. and wholesome

direction in both study and recreasingled out to do missionary labor, excuse, and their sins are upon their tion for youth's in acdevelopment of but as members of the Church, having own heads."(Ibid., 88:8082.) cordance with the mind and will

the eternal Father. pledged ourselves to the advancement So here is a command from our

of the gospel of Jesus Christ we beFather in heaven that is so broad come missionaries. That is part of that it is not confined to those who

think that the Mutual Improvethe responsibility of every member of are set apart and commissioned and ment organizations were very the Church. That does not mean sent forth into the world to teach the

I happy in their choice of a theme that we have to go into a foreign world the gospel, but the Lord comlor the young people of the Church field; we can be missionaries at home, mands every soul to whom this mesin adopting this one taken from the nor is it necessary that we be called sage comes that it is his responsibility,

eightyeighth section of the Doctrine to be stake missionaries, for in this not only to receive it, but also to and Covenants: "Abide ye in the libvery revelation the Lord has somecarry it to his neighbor; and they

erty wherewith ye are made free; enthing to say about it, and I am going who hear it and refuse to carry it,

tangle not yourselves in sin, but let to read those verses; in fact, I may to warn their neighbors, shall be left

your hands be clean, until the Lord want to read a good many of these without excuse before the judgment comes."(D. & C. 88:86.) verses, and then if the Spirit of the seat of God. Now as the Lord reThis is taken from a revelation, Lord directs me, maybe from some quires that of those who are not in

one of the greatest given to the other revelations. Now, this that I the Church, then how much more so

Church, known as "The Olive Leaf."will read was said to those who were is it required of us who are members

The Prophet so described it in sendcalled and appointed to go into the of the Church.

ing the revelation to the brethren mission field, but you will see that We should be missionaries of the who were dwelling at that time in the Lord applied it not only to all Church by the manner of our living.

Zion, as it was called, "'The Olive the members of the Church, but also Our lives should speak. The testiLeaf,'which we have plucked from to everybody else, whether in the mony of the truth should be borne

the Tree of Paradise."In the main, Church or out of the Church: through our faithfulness, the purity

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

r ili

i*ia

f

1.V-

of our lives, the integrity and devodo it that way, it should not be done. "Of things both in heaven and

tion of our souls. I think that this is the spirit in which in the earth, and under the earth;

I am happy to know that this work these contests, whatever they may be, things which have been, things of the Mutual Improvement organizaare carried on. I commend our good which are, things which must shortly

tions is going to go on through the brethren throughout the Church who come to pass; things which are at

whole year. I think it was Brother conduct these exercises, and the sishome, things which are abroad; the

Stevenson who made the remark that ters, too, in drama, in art, in music, wars and the perplexities of the nathe devil will be busy this summer. whatever it is, as well as in the athtions, and the judgments which are on

Well, did you ever hear of the devil letic field. the land; and a knowledge also of

taking a vacation? For six thousand This wonderful revelation, I say, countries and of kingdoms."(Idem,

years he has never laid off a day, was intended mostly, not all of it, but v. 79.)

nor an hour, nor a minute, and in most of it, for missionaries, but there I say this is counsel given to misall these years since he was cast out is in it much that is intended for sionaries; it is counsel that is good

of heaven and placed upon the earth members of the Church at large. for all the members of the Church.

he has been determined to destroy There are things in it intended for the We should make ourselves acquainted faith, to lead away the innocent, to brethren holding the priesthood. The with all these things, but I am very

bind their souls through unrighteousLord has pointed out how they should glad that the Lord put in this counsel ness, teaching them wickedness, and meet in their solemn assemblies, the that expression, that in our seekalways in the most clever manner. spirit in which they should meet, how ing for knowledge, we seek for those

No, he does not rest. these meetings should be conducted. things which are expedient for our

I do not mean to say that we who The members of the Church are understanding.

are mortals should not take a few taught to inform themselves in reWe are living in a very troubled days off if we want to, to rest and gard to all principles of truth, and world, and I am going to talk plainly:

build up our bodies, strengthen them, much of this responsibility has been we are living in a world that has give our minds a chance perhaps to assigned to the Mutual Improvement discarded God or is rapidly doing so.

repair themselves and be prepared organizations. I want to read these We are living in a world where the

for the energies that will be required verses Christian ministers of various deof them, but we should not lie down "Also, I give unto you a comnominations have been frightened by and forget the responsibilities which mandment that ye shall continue in the philosophies of men and, therethe Lord has placed upon us. prayer and fasting from this time fore, because they lack the Spirit of

Whether we are engaged in softforth. the Lord, have tried to modify the

ball, basketball, or in any other kind "And I give unto you a commandscriptures, or, the meaning of the of sport, in dancing, or whatever it ment that you shall teach one anscriptures, so that they can make them may be, it should all be done in the other the doctrine of the kingdom. harmonize with the false theories so

spirit of building up and strengthen- "Teach ye diligently and my grace prevalent in the world today, theories ing the kingdom of God. shall attend you, that you may be which are in absolute conflict with

I am very grateful for the opporinstructed more perfectly in theory, divine revelation; and yet these

tunities that come to our young peoin principle, in doctrine, in the law of people, afraid, dominated by the inple to engage in these sports under the gospel, in all things that pertain fluence of false philosophy, are proper direction and to have this unto the kingdom of God, that are modifying the doctrines to make them recreation. I think it is a part of expedient for you to understand."conform to these theories and ideas

the gospel plan, but whatever it is (Ibid., 88:7678.) which are godless in their foundathat we do should be done in the Now I emphasize that, because I tion. We cannot afford to do that.

Spirit of the Lord, and if we cannot want to come back to it. (Continued on page 671)

SEPTEMBER 1953 647 TO BLUSH

by Lee Priestley

eleventhirty Mary Connor At thought wearily about lunch. The

children scudding from school would be ravenous and Pearl and

Price, helping with the cleaning today, at least starved.

As she pushed her dark hair out of her eyes, she remembered that

Janey thought that unruly forelock made her look "like a darling little pony, Mother!"Not a pony, Mary

amended; a work horse! She hadn't

stopped since seven o'clock.

Could she stretch the sparse remains of yesterday's roast chicken into a casserole? Mary sighed. Help

was hard to get. She had been fortunate to get Pearl for a day's cleaning, no matter how inconvenient the

day. The unfortunate part was

Price and his appetite.

"Ain't no Pearl without Price,"the woman had been firm. "I helps you;

Price helps me. Besides where he ly fine voices of our generation,"the slammed the oven door upon it. But

goin'to get his lunch if he don't critics agreed. Mary had a fine voice, John would feel hurt if she didn't

come?"too, but there had been no money or go to the reception. He was presiMary mentally eked out the opportunity for advanced study. Her dent of the committee, and he knew

chicken with hardboiled eggs and teachers had urged her to persevere, how much she wanted to meet Rose noodles as she crossed the bare living but John and her own heart had Afton... how much she regretted

room. She sniffed the clean scent urged her to marry. her own lost career.

of soapsuds and floor wax, more "Oh!"Mary looked at her thumbThe phone rang, its shrill louder

pleasant than perfume to the good nail nicked by the paring knife. Now because of the bare living room.

housekeeper. When Price finished she would arrive at the reception "Mary?"John's voice was eager and

the windows, she and Pearl would with hands that shouted "small town pleased. "Look, they're doing some

hang the clean curtains. After lunch drudge!"redecorating at the hotel and the

they'd work upstairs. She sat down on the kitchen stool smell of paint makes Miss Afton sick.

Mary started the hardboiled eggs and wished she were not too old to So I said you'd be glad to have her and the noodles and began snipping scream and drum her heels on the at the house for lunch and to rest remnants of meat from the skeleton floor. Everything would be wrong. until concert time. Won't that give

of the chicken. If she could only She thought about the new black you a wonderful chance to get

have had Pearl and Price tomorrow. taffeta hung up so carefully in a acquainted with her?"

Tonight Rose Afton would sing closet upstairs. It had looked "pro- "Bring her here? John, are you

at Community Hall, and Mary had fessional"to her yesterday when she out of your mind?"Mary held the

looked forward to meeting her at the finished it, but probably it shouted receiver away from her ear and rereception the committee officers "homemade!"She would barely garded it with horrified eyes. "Leftwould give after the concert. Rose have time to run a comb through overs for lunch and the house all

Afton who was everything Mary Conher hair and slap her nose with powtorn apart.... It's simply out of the

nor had dreamed of being... opera der. And now look at her thumb. question."

singer, concert artist, "one of the realMary assembled the casserole and (Continued on page 692) 648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Rolling at a speed of twelve miles an hour, the early day trains on western roads were sometimes caught in a buffalo herd.

Then passengers and trainmen alike enjoyed the sport of biggame hunting.

Old Shaggymane by John Sherman Walker

MONARCH OF THE MIDLANDS

It stated that conhas been traveling miles through a the Ameri120 bison, beasts or buffalo, ofWhenbegan thedisappearinggreat buffalofromherdsthe can dominated the the lumbering tinuous herd western plains—slaughtered life and shaped the institutions of a on the Great Plains soon after the

wholesale by white hunters set on human race more than any other anitranscontinental line was completed.

reaping a rich gain of hides, and of mal. One old frontiersman claimed to

eliminating the wild foragers from Certain it is, Old Shaggymane, the have witnessed the gathering of a grasslands valued for the grazing of buffalo, was a mighty factor in the single herd of bison of between two domestic livestock—the Indians, who winning and settling of the west—and three million animals, estimated

had depended on the shaggy monmuch as he may have resented and to have covered one hundred square archy of the North American midresisted all efforts to immortalize him miles.

lands for food, clothing, and even the in the historic role he stubbornly Kendall, of the illfated Santa Fe very wigwam homes that sheltered played; even as the Plains Indians expedition, as late as 1841, when the

them, foresaw the finish of the free saw the shadow of doom in his passbuffalo herds were said to be decreaslife they and their ancestors had ing. ing, stated that he stood on a high

lived from time immemorial and the In mass of numbers alone—estiknoll of the Texas prairie and looked

gradual usurpation of tribal lands mated to have been, at maximum out over the treeless plain upon a they had owned long before the instrength, no fewer than seventyfive vast herd of the shaggy, humpbacked truders first set boot on the shores million head—the buffalo was bound beasts darkening the land in every

of the New World. to impress his influence on the hudirection, as far as eye could see.

When the vast herds began to man hordes of white men who came Colonel Dodge, great earlyday dwindle under the onslaught of the to contest his wild domains in western plainsman, described a single herd of white man, the red man feared for America. the animals twentyfive miles across,

the life of his own people as well. Earlyday railroad men told of (Continued on page 684)

SEPTEMBER 1953 i i 649 Christ driving the moneychangers from the temple.—Camera Clix photo

MARK, THE GOSPEL OF ACTION

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

these days of jet planes, H- unimposing covers of our Bibles and has ever lived upon the earth. Talk

Inbombs, rockets, television, and 3-D Testaments, still must be considered about color and miracles! It is

movies, it may be difficult for as the world's greatest literature. probable that no author who ever

some of us to realize that the greatest All four of the books which we lived, writing fact or fiction, has ever events in the history of the world took call the "gospels"in the New Testacrowded so much action into sixteen place almost twenty centuries ago. ment are classics. They all tell the short chapters as did the author of

And when we think of the thousands story of our Savior, Jesus Christ. Of the book of Mark—and all of it

upon thousands of volumes of books these four books, the one that undramatically, clearly, realistically, in our great libraries, and see the doubtedly has the strongest appeal to and tersely told. The entire book

racks in our stores flooded with magayoung people is the book of Mark can be read easily and understood by zines and "comic"and pocketbooks the M.I.A. reading course book for all but the very youngest children,

with their brilliant colors, sensa1953-54. and this within the course of an hour,

tional illustrations, and eyecatching And indeed it should have appeal or at the most, an evening.

titles, it may be even harder for some for everyone. It relates the greatest There are other reasons, too, why

of us to believe that the accounts of story that has ever been recorded, the book of Mark should have poputhose important events, written so so far as this world is concerned, lar appeal. Here are some of them:

long ago and now bound within the about the most important Being who (1) Scholars tell us that the book of 650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mark was the first of the gospels to oral sermons and teachings. It is the salem, cursing a fig tree, driving

be written, and therefore may have acts of the Savior that are described money changers out of the temple, formed a basis for the other three. so dramatically and realistically. being the victim of a conspiracy and

(2) It is the shortest of the gospels. In the first chapter Jesus is baptized a betrayal, and finally being conIts sixteen chapters compare with of John in Jordan, spends forty days demned and crucified on a cross, only

twenty -eight for Matthew, twentyin the wilderness with wild beasts to be resurrected and rise trifour for Luke, and twentyone for and is tempted by Satan and minumphantly above all of the schemings

John. (3) Its primary purposes seem istered to by angels, calls Peter, Anof man and the devil!

to be to show the divinity of the drew, James, and John to follow him, There are other things, of course,

Savior and to give a feel for the casts out devils, heals the sick, and in the book, but essentially it is enthusiasm with which he went cleanses a leper! One could hardly made up of action.

about doing his Father's work. (4) picture a modern novel or short story, What makes the account even more

It was written by a man, who, after a radio play or a TV program with fascinating is the realization that it the death of the Apostles, probably a more dramatic beginning. is all true. Here, without any quesknew as much or more about the And so the action of Jesus is portion, is the most important story ever

story of Jesus as did anyone else then trayed through the rest of the book written, about the greatest Being who living. rebuking unclean spirits, stilling a ever lived upon the earth. The events

The earliest Christian literature, as tempest, raising the dead, miraculousare the most significant in all hiswe know it, consists of the letters ly feeding the multitudes, walking on tory, and the story the most signifiof Paul. His first letter to the the sea, healing the sick and the cant in all literature.

Thessalonians was written around infirm, declaring himself to be the Such is the M.I.A. reading course

50 A.D. But of the gospels, even Christ, the Son of God, being transfor this year. It is hoped that every

though Matthew is placed first in the figured, blessing little children, forperson in the Church will become

New Testament, Mark is probably the giving repentant sinners, riding acquainted with and learn to love oldest, having been written not long through cheering crowds into Jeruthe book of Mark.

after the death of the great Apostle,

Peter, 6467 A.D. Approximate probable dates of the writing of the other

gospels according to some authors are

Matthew, 80 A.D., Luke, 90 A.D., and

John, 100 A.D.

During his later years the Apostle

Peter was in Rome. Not knowing the

Greek language he must have Christ rescuing Peter preached Aramaic, and an interpreter—Camera Clix photo

must have translated his words into

Greek to the Roman congregation.

Mark, historians tell us, was often that interpreter and probably heard the stories of the Savior many times from Peter's lips. Dr. Goodspeed

writes: "It is certainly a fact that almost everything in Mark might have

been obtained from Peter, and much of the roughness and obscurity of the book would be explained on such a theory of its origin."1 He states

that Mark probably tried to write the stories as he heard them, without any particular attempt to make additions or add embellishments. It likely follows that of the gospels none is more

authentic than Mark.

Although the book of Mark leaves some gaps in the story of the Savior and seems to be made up mainly of a series of separate incidents, still some authors think that it is the most nearly correct of all the gospels in its chronological arrangements.

Be that as it may, few words are "wasted"on background, and little space is devoted to such matters as

Goodspeed, E. J., An Introduction to the New

Testament, p. 134.

SEPTEMBER 1953 651 '*%>:W:'*W>:*:

A. E. Bowen—18751953

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR

it and thinkhind what most young men wouldAlbert E. Bowen possessed five have. I was treasuring

all ing qualities consider going these days which time I was a good outstanding from what essential—with

1 first, this, virtues: a to eminence, and sisters to unusual have he rose spring all the when my brothers

gentleman, openly loyal and of an came home, to show them what I professionally and personally. With

affable demeanor; second, thorough had. Perhaps I thought I could all of this he proved a great point and

in his work and dependable; third, make them envious. I don't know. principle; that hard work and high

of sound judgment; fourth, sincere; But I know it was uppermost in my purpose are more important than

and fifth, reverence. These were the mind to exhibit it. traveling fast in deviating directions."

words of President David O. McKay "But I lost it. I hunted everyread in tribute to Elder Albert Ernest where, but I could not find it. I /""Wer a year ago, on June 25, 1952,

Bowen of the Council of the Twelve thought of the story of Joseph Smith's Elder Bowen was first stricken as he spoke at Brother Bowen's going into the woods to pray. There with the ailment that took his life.

funeral services held in the Salt Lake were no woods near my home, except Three days before, on June 22, this

Tabernacle July 18. in the canyons. But we did burn author attended the quarterly con-

"No one I know has ever heard wood for fuel. My father, mother, ference of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion,

this great man speak lightly about and brothers used to go in the fall at which a vigorous Brother Bowen anything sacred,"he said. to cut logs and put them in a pile was the representative of the General

near the house, and that was my Authorities. Hurrying to the evening

T-Ie loved learning and constantly idea of the woods. session on Temple Square, I made

sought further knowledge,"said "So I went out to that woodpile and note that tonight we'd hear the gosto in beautiful asked Clark, and the LordPresident Jr. "He knelt down words. And J. Reuben pel—phrased

find that bottle. gospel principle truth. that night a in timesought no tell me how to When He wasted

with mere words. He had a logical I came back through the gate and all its beauty and simplicity came

mind and did not deviate but went turned the corner of the house, there from Elder Bowen's lips. As he

directly to the point. He had a it was, standing there staring up at started to sum up, I wondered where

judicial temperament. He examined me, and I couldn't miss it. the time had disappeared. Then he

facts and gave a judicial decision.... "I have never since had any doubt was saying: "I came here fully preHe loved the gospel; it was his life, or misgivings about the Lord nor pared to speak on another subject,

and he lived it as the Lord gave him his approachability."but some of you people in the conpower to live it."gregation must have been praying to

President Richard L. Evans of the the Lord for an answer to some

pLDER Mark E. Petersen, an associate First Council of the Seventy sumproblems. And so I have been inof Elder Bowen in the Council marizes his life in these words: spired to give you this...."Truly,

of the Twelve, and who, for many "His life in some ways would seem as Elder Petersen quoted Elder years was also associated with him at to be a sermon to a generation of Bowen, "I have never... had any

the Deseret News Publishing Comyoung people who face serious undoubt or misgivings about the Lord pany, believed that he learned a great certainties and are sometimes imnor his approachability."

lesson from Elder Bowen. When a patient with the delays of life....

problem would arise, Brother Bowen His was a late start—which he overElder Albert E. Bowen was born

would ask, "What are the facts? Get came magnificiently with a steady October 31, 1875 at Henderson Creek,

all the facts, for there is no substitute course: He was twenty years of age in southern Idaho, the seventh child

for facts."Elder Petersen went on before he began his high school of David and Annie Shackleton

to quote Elder Bowen as recalling: work; twentyseven before he received Bowen. A log cabin was his first

"I must have been very small, behis first college degree; married behome; the rigors of farm life formed

cause my older brothers and sisters fore he went on his mission; twentyhis heritage. As a boy barely old

were at school and I was not. It was nine when he returned; a widower enough to drive a team, A. E. Bowen

before I was permitted to go to school, at thirty with two infant sons; thirtywas aiding his father in freighting

at least in the wintertime. three before he started the study of grain and produce to Ogden, Col-

"To amuse me and keep me out law; thirtysix before he received a linston, and Corrine, all railroading

from under her feet, my mother gave degree in jurisprudence with highest points in Utah. Also, when he was

me some little brilliants in a bottle, honors at the University of Chicago. about ten, he spent one hard winter

something like the stage jewelry we And with that late start, years be- {Continued on page 695) 652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Albert Ernest Bowen—October 31, 1875 -July 15, 1958

SEPTEMBER 1953 653 EDUCATION and

ETERNITY

by Thomas E. Cheney

ASST. PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

One of the best educated men I ever met was one who never attended college. He possessed that completeness of personality which made it

possible for him to ride a horse and talk to the broncho riders at the annual rodeo as well as to ride a plane with the captains of industry and gain the respect of both groups. He

could read Mark Twain with the youth and Aristotle with the sages and gain educational experience from both. He could experience the comforting emotion of "My Wild Irish

Rose"and the profound sensitivity of a Prelude from Bach.

An educated man is one who is trained in mental attitudes, in social behavior, and in spiritual insight. He is possessor of these mental

attitudes: true Latterday Saint is forever He has an open mind. HeThean insatiable seeker after light. He seeking for new ideas everywhere.is alert,

sees the limitless opportunity to Though he accepts knowledge from live fruitfully and attain excellence. every source, he weighs it carefully;

He counts time by his personal growth and through his ability to weigh, sift, and reaches into the unknown where compare, contrast, add to and subtime is uncounted, where God's tract from segments of information, mercy provides eternity for his he can organize a sound philosophy progression. The joy of attainment in short, he thinks. He closes no

is always with him, for like Paul he door until evidence is all in; therebelieves that fore, he is able to change his mind,

not as one who follows every whim,... Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, but as a student and thinker—he is

neither have entered the heart of man, the teachable.

things hath prepared for them which God rection of the first step in eternal He listens to the man who knows.that love (I Cor. 2:9.) him.

education is his imminent concern. The egotist deters his own progress

With this vision, he says, I shall The revealed word promises that through his self sufficiency. Being

not cease to learn while I live. My convinced of his own superiority, he

listens only to his own broadcast andlabor, my business, my calling, is to attainWhateverunto inprinciplethis life, ofit willintelligencerise with weus grow in grace and knowledge from in the resurrection. (D. & C. 130:18.) never seeks knowledge from the great

day to day and from year to year. teachers or the wise sages. The eduNor will I cease to learn when I arWhat are these principles of incated man, on the other hand,

rive in the spirit world, but there with telligence, these precepts of educarecognizes his own limitations and illimitable time and accelerated power tion? when need arises seeks out wisdom

I will fortify myself with all knowlEducation is more than absorption from specialists.

edge. of book learning with which it is He has sharp critical powers. He

This concept of eternal progression often confused. It builds a complete touches life so closely at every point

is the inheritance of the Latterday man, not an information bureau or a that he can discern the motives of

Saint. But determination of the dilearned fool. (Continued on page 668)

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The Formal Gardens,"part of the temple site at New Chapel, England.

President McKay Dedicates includes several buildings, the most important being a large mansion

Two European Temple Sites knowncuts throughas "Thethe estate.Hall."A highway

The formal gardens are the most extensive part of the property, and it want to bring the temple to the Wednesday noon, August 5, the is here that the temple is likely to be people,"President David O. Mcseven-acre hillside site of the Swiss constructed. One purpose of Presi-

I Kay was quoted as saying, by Temple was dedicated by President dent McKay's 1953 journey to Europe

United Press, as he stood upon the David O. McKay in Zollikofen, a subis to select the spot for the temple on

temple site in Switzerland, August 5, urb of Berne, Switzerland. About this estate.

of three I will andedicate "therefore, the Church1953, hundred members site in the both He inspected in friends site in attended Surrey temple and interestedother County site in England this Switzerland and the

England on my present European solemn occasion. At the time Presiwith temples in mind during his 1952trip. Europe, therefore, will shortly dent McKay approved the architect's European travels. He announced the

have two temples of its own. [In the design for the Swiss temple last April,

New World] ten temples have alhe indicated that construction would purchasebefore he ofdepartedthe SwissfromsiteEuropefor a templea year this likely start that summer. the Church."ready been built by "To of purthe ago. announcement The

said, effort "every President is being and end,"he David O. McKay site has of the Chapel chase New

left directed."Sister Salt Lake City had McKay in recent weeks. only been made

for of Europe.the 30 morning July President the time At same McKay first is It the that two expected joined City York wereThey in New said bring the could that Church restored the of temples European son, R. Dr. Llewelyn McKay,by their of to people, these temples many of duplicates will each be near Church of department language thehead blessreceive the could never of whom other, varying Elder Anderson with of Elder University Utah,the and by of of otherings the the house Lord of the to fit the plans needs only the archiAnderson, O. ChurchEdward for edifices wise, smaller building by property.tect. flew nonstop, party The New It this purpose of them. more and was

York to London. estimated that the cost of the Swiss So, for several weeks, the Saints in

After a day in England, visiting temple would be approximately Europe have been busy working and the thirtytwo acre baronial estate $350,000. anticipating their second visit from

known as "New Chapel Hall,"some the President of the Church in as twentysix miles south of London, President McKay dedicated the site many years.

which the Church has purchased as for the British temple on August 10. Thus another link in the forward

a temple site, he went by air to Basel, The site for the English temple is march of the Church has been welded

Switzerland, accompanied by Presilocated about half way between Loninto place. May our brothers and sisdent A. Hamer Reiser of the British don and Brighton. It is in the parish ters, fellow Saints of Europe, soon obMission. There they were joined by of Godstone, near the southeastern tain their blessings in the houses of

President William F. Perschon of the boundary of County Surrey. Near the the Lord, a privilege that so far has

SwissAustrian Mission, and Elder property is the little hamlet of New only been available to those who live

Samuel E. Bringhurst, former presiChapel. in or come here in the West or the

dent of that mission. The estate purchased by the Church Hawaiian Islands.

SEPTEMBER 1953 655 Curtains FOX Jeanie

by Julia Collier

Jeanie Andrews walked slowly home from the store, the bag of groceries heavy on her arm. She

knew she should be clipping along at her usual speed or she would never get everything done at home, but she couldn't make herself hurry. She

looked down Bay Street to the last house and thought bitterly: Our

house is the poorest on the street. She

might as well be honest with herself and admit that she was stalling along because she dreaded her own party tonight.

Today was Friday, and on Friday nights the girls from Jeanie's class at the commercial art academy summer school always met at the home of one of the members for a jamboree. They

had gone the rounds of the class now, and tonight was Jeanie's turn.

At the public library, where she had "I—I hate to have to ask you, Sis, but could you lend me three dollars?'

a parttime summer job, Miss Lacy, the librarian, had paid her for a week's work at noon and had let her go so she could get ready for her house where she and Mother and payday, she had the fifteen. She'd

party. On the way home she had twelveyear old Bill, and Lindy Sue, run down to Huey's and get the curstopped at the store to buy ice cream and Baby Timmie, all crowded into tains as soon as she put the ice cream

tarts and some of those snazzy little four small rooms; and that awkward in the refrigerator.

sandwiches that make any party leanto shed that Mother used as her She tried to force herself faster.

glamorous. Why, then, couldn't she fruit and cold drinks stand; and the Gloomily she thought: Why didn't

get a lift out of planning her own filling station, forever smelling of I skip the meeting last time. If I

party? Why couldn't she urge her gasoline and stale oil and hot had, my time for entertaining would

leaden feet to hurry her homeward? motors. <have passed, and I might not have

class to my place All summer Jeanie had been She glanced at her watch—one had to invite the

thrilled to be invited to the girls'thirty! Unless she hurried she at all.

homes. Each Friday night had been wouldn't have time to pick up the From the first the girls in the art

a new adventure. Jeanie had been new curtains and hang them in place class had accepted Jeanie as one of

charmed by the elegant homes, the and be ready to greet the girls at their set. They did not understand

retinue of maids; the rich furnishings, eight o'clock. She had wanted those how different her situation was. They

solid mahogany pieces, oriental rugs, white curtains, with the deep ruffles, did not know about Jeanie's summer exquisite china and silverware; and ever since she had seen them in job at the library nor how carefully

the unmistakable air of wealth and Huey's store. But the price was four she and her mother had to plan to

for her tuition. money enough fifhave a ninetyeight living. easy pair—practically against oxfords her scuffed Jeanie the three windows. teen dollars for She felt the warm flush creep up

her neck and spread over her face. She had had to wait until payday. the sidewalk. She liked all the girls

What would the girls think of her Now, with what she had left after in art school. She wanted to be one

she? after they had seen the place where buying the refreshments, and the of them—but what chance had

she lived? The square box of a three dollars she had saved from last (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1953 657 Curtains for Jeanie (Continued from preceding page)

She thought: Why is it some girls

have it easy and pleasant, while others must do without practically everything a girl really wants?

i& AaAAu iojom me JrniA'W'Vement 0a But she checked herself when she began to feel that in some way she ana me manu fat'enab of wasalwaysnot intendedbeing as reliableto be, asespeciallyshe had since the plane crash out on the west before Just said DAVID O. McKAY coasther fathertwo leftyearson ago.that trip, he

to her: "You are growing up, Jeanie,

and I'm glad to say you are a very <Lyeiaenl o l/ie ionawc/i c/!pebab Jo/wibt reliable girl. It's a comfort to me to

have a grown daughter I can depend 6 Laite=aau * Jainfa upon."

When the yellow telegram came, in comnieniowa Una mA 80m S&nni/ve?<awu and they knew Dad would never

come home, Jeanie made up her mind that all her life she would make her

Our history is linked to Utah's since the driving of the father's words true. Mother would

Golden Spike at Promontory in 1869—when East and West always be able to depend upon her

were united by transcontinental railroad for the first time. eldest daughter. Of course Jeanie understood why her mother had to

Since then we have celebrated our eightyfourth annisell the big house and buy the smaller versary of service to Utah, and we are especially proud one with the fruit stand and the to join with the people of this great state in saluting this filling station. Mother wanted to be

leading citizen on his eightieth anniversary. at home with her children while she

was working to make everything as good and comfortable and secure for them as possible.

As Jeanie turned into the path at home her brother Bill came around to the front from putting gas in a car. A shy grin spread over Bill's

hand over his stiff, brown crew cut Next trip west, suntanned face. He brushed one

and"I—Ibeganhatein toa hurriedhave to undertone.ask you,

Jeanie, but—could you lend me three see the Pacific Coast dollars?"

A grimy, boyish hand touched Jeanie's sleeve. "You see, Sis, the

class decided to order junior high Party/be pins tomorrow."His eyes brightened.

"They're keen, Jeanie. But we have

to pay more down than I've got. I

thought maybe...."

On your next trip to the Coast, plan to combine the beautiful hadThereto rushwas ato loudthe honk,pump. andJeanieBill

Shasta Daylight (PortlandSan Francisco) with famous California Daylights stood and watched him hurrying up (Los AngelesSan Francisco) and see 1,188 miles of forest, mountain and to the big gray car with his polite, ocean scenery. Luxurious, scenic trains at bargain coach fares. "Fill it up, sir?"She saw him lift

Remember that Southern Pacific's fine, fast Overland Route trains via the hose off the hook with strong

Ogden and Reno to San Francisco can be combined with your Daylight young arms, and trot around to the trip plans. back of the car. Not many boys

For information and reservations call or write C. F. Smurr, General Bill's age could be depended on to

Agent, Southern Pacific, 14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1. take care of a filling station as well

as he did. At this very moment

Bill's friends were at the swimming pool. But here was Bill, hard at

The friendly Southern Pacific (Continued on page 660)658 S'P THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

H/rs

SPOT

MILK WHITE FRIED CHICKEN

FRESH, not frozen. The finest

colored fryers you can buy. The

ONLY Utahgrown chicken that is

Federally Inspected. Tops in taste

and tenderness. Yes, you can

TASTE the difference.

MILK WHITE

The choicest of all Utah eggs. Utahgrown, state

inspected, carefully candled and protected. Rushed GUARANTEED

to your favorite grocer's cooler with quality intact. TO BE GOOD!

Produced and packed by the At Most Leading Stores 6000 Utah Poultry members of

UTAH POULTRY & FARMERS COOPERATIVE

SEPTEMBER 1953 659 Curtains for Jeanie

(Continued from page 656) work helping Mother. And without

a complaint.

Slowly Jeanie walked into the house. WHY HELP PAY FOR

She didn't look toward the tired old curtains in living the as she room THE ACCIDENTS OF to went back her bedroom. own

While blue changing she was to her plaid shirt, red jeans and a little THOSE WHO DO?

scene she thought she had forgotten flashed into her mind. It was a simDrinking Drivers cause thousands of accidents ple incident, not important she had

each year... This means higher premiums on thought, but it came back to her

your auto insurance. now with poignant clearness.

If you don't drink, why should you pay these It was the day school closed last higher premiums? spring. She was sitting in the glider

on the porch when Bill came down the path, grinning broadly. Without

a he stepped word You DON'T Have to! her handed his card—hisup to proofher andof

to junior promotion high. He stood ACT Preferred Risk insures Total Abstainers Only! giving by proudly, her to a moment

recognizes that driver doesn't a drink in. it all take he thrust out Then

is risk better a than a better one who does—thatwho said, his chest and don't be "Now NOW! It risk is entitled inrate to a lower his auto on

surance. jealous, Sis. You've been the only

high school student in this family long enough."

opened her purse and counted out MAIL ImmediateSavings Availableonly to UltimateSavings Crossing over to her dresser Jeanie three one dollar bills and stuffed to to up NONup at her pocket. the filling them in Out this DRINKERS 44% 25% station the gray car gone, but had

Coupon! thererushedwasto Bill,anotherand pullingwithout in.a wordShe

If you qualify, write or phone for she took his oilstained hand and quotation—There is no obligation. put the three dollars into it, closing

present ineven if your Do it today, his fist tight over the money. surance not expire does now.

Bill opened his mouth in surprise, his face. gladness then lit up.(] and ACT NOW—USE THIS COUPON thanks, million,""Oh, a Sis. Thanks

Please send me complete information about auto insurance for total he said under his breath, running to abstainers. I understand there is no obligation. the waiting car.

Back in the kitchen Jeanie began

Address.. to store the ice cream in the re-

i*...., O Id L\.. frigerator. "I won't think about the

Age.—...Occupation......—curtains—I won't"she muttered, her

What Is the age of the youngest driver in your household?.. hands flying like lightning. As she

Make of car............................ Tear.............. finished and slowed down, she began

Body type—.....—.—......................... Model (series)..........—.. to notice a sobbing noise. She lisExpiration date of present insurance tened. When it came again, she

went to the door and looked out.

PAY FOR HELP step, in bottom her buried her head OotitWHYDrink'There was Lindy Sue, sitting on the

ACCIDENTS THE arms. Lindy she Sue but was eight, WHODW THOSE OF PREFERRED RISK

still been had baby a puny and was small and thin. Jeanie could see

the narrow shoulders beneath the MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY 501 JUDGE BLDG., DEPT. 9, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH faded blue dress rise and fall with

PHONE 4-1931 the stifled sobs. She went down the steps and sat

America's Only Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Co. beside Lindy Sue. "What is it,

(Continued on page 662) 660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Every third Employee owns part of Standard

Meet Forrest Dickinson, a driller from Whittier, rest shares Company earnings in two ways: through

California—and one of the owners of Standard Oil Standard's contributions to his stock purchases, and

Company of California. Forrest is bringing up three through dividends on stock. Nearly 95 % of all eligible

youngsters, buying a home, and is also building a family employees now participate in this plan. While several

nest egg by investing in his Company through Standard's thousand previously had invested in Company shares stock ownership plan. Forrest and other Standard Oilers on their own, 12,000 of a total 34,750 Standard Oilers

who are 35 or older and have 5 years of service, may, are now shareholders. This means, of course, that

if they wish, invest a portion of their pay in Standard better than one out of every three people who work shares. The Company assists by contributing a perfor Standard also own Standard. That's why Standard

centage of its net profit to the stock ownership plan. Oilers work a little harder to serve you better—after

Thus, in addition to salary and employee benefits, Forall, it's their business, too.

There's No Such Thing as a "typiSmall Businesses and large believe 244 Churches and religious organical"Standard shareholder. More in us, too. Our records show that zations, 165 hospitals and medical

than 115,000 individuals and couples 1,889 firms own shares of Standard groups, and 293 universities and from all levels of fife own Standard. Oil Company of California stock. schools own part of Standard.

Standard's Owners are, mainly, thousands of average trolled by any of the Standard companies in the East.

everyday people, most of them Westerners. Their ComQuestions or comments about our Company are always welpany's management is wholly independent. Standard come. Write: Standard Oil Company of California, P. O.

Oil Company of California is neither owned nor conBox 3495-B, San Francisco, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

SEPTEMBER 1953 661 Curtains for Jeanie (Continued from page 660) honey?"she crooned. "Tell Sis about

it."Lindy Sue buried her face in Jeanie's lap, and all her woe spilled out for Jeanie to share.

"These old sleeves,"she sobbed, holding out one small arm to show

Jeanie how much too short her sleeves were. "Rita called me Lindy

Long Arms,"and fresh sobs shook the small body, shutting off the words. As soon as she could speak

again, she sobbed, "All the kids put on their swim suits and went to play in Jan's wading pool. All but me.

I don't have a swim suit. They say

Mother is too poor to buy me one.

Oh, Jeanie, Jeanie!"

Jeanie could feel the fierce anger flaring up in her eyes. She stroked

the bowed head with a hand that trembled a little. But when she

spoke her voice was cheerfully gay.

"Mercy! Is that all?"She lifted

Lindy Sue's head tenderly, then The special Wicks Organ and console designed for hugged her hard. "You sit still a

the Boston, American minute."

Organists Convention. Guild of

for this size Jeanie hurried to her room, and price Details and instrument gladly furnished. in a flash she was back again, one

hand deep in her blue jeans pocket.

JfoSF?. YOU CAN OWN citedly."I'll tell"Let'syou gowhat,"across shethe saidstreetexto f Miss Ida's shop and see if she has a A WICKS PIPE ORGAN swim suit for you. Maybe a red

one,"she smiled brightly. "Would

. at the price of imitations you like a red swim suit, honey?"

There is nothing finer for Church or Tabernacle service Lindy Sue's brown eyes were round than the WICKS ORGAN.... This instrument best and bright. Her lips parted, but

fills the need of the organist. In each case, it is specifically no words came. Jeanie took her

built to meet the demands of the service for which it is hand, and they skipped around the intended. house and across the street. A little

The WICKS ORGAN is beautiful to see and to hear. It later Lindy Sue emerged from Miss is a joy to play—and its low performance and mainIda's shop wearing a new red swim

tenance costs will amaze you. Fortysix years of insuit and a big happy smile. She

tensive research in this resulted have genuine pipe organ the across playground ran to Jan's giving to the world of the one great instruments of all in the house screaming crowd and time.

the wading pool. Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request).

By the time dinner was ready Dowling so in she Jeanie 1651 low her mind was Ashland Please—for expertwrite topersonalthe nearestserviceRepresentativeand advice. SantaLeonard Monica, Calif. thing, a couldn't eaten have if Mother

Vernon H. Gararden Hansen Lynn Melvin Chas. Dunn W. W. spareribs cooked and dump25 Ave. 98 Golden Gate 1st 10708 Donald 603 Ave., 8th Ave. S. Mac AllenN.W. hadn't

Calif. 2, Francisco San Salt Arizona Mesa. 33, City, Lake Utah Seattle Washington lings. resist her could She never

mother's dumplings. As she served

the plates, she thought: Isn't this Cke WICKS ORGAN like Mother? She knows I need a lift,

so she cheers me up with my favorite COMPANY dish.

Please write Dept. E-2 "Now, dear,"Mother said as WICKS

Jeanie, finishing ahead of the others,

HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS pushed back her chair. "You go to DRGANS

(Continued on page 664) 662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

salutes a Most Distinguished Graduate O.DAVIDThe University of Utah proudly claims David O. McKay Back MCKAYrow, left to right: Conway Ashton, 1933; Mrs.

as a most distinguished alumnus. President McKay gradConway Ashton (EmmalRae McKay), 1934; Dr. Edward R.

uated from our State University in 1898. McKay, 1936; Mrs. Edward R. McKay, 1942; David LawHe played tackle on this stalwart University of Utah rence McKay, 1926; Mrs. David L. McKay, 1924.

football team of 1894 and was active in school activities. Front row: Mrs. Robert R. McKay, 1946; Robert R.

1941; 1899; Mrs. O. O. David David McKay, McKay,

President but only McKay, Not Russell Mrs. 1898; Blood H. (Lou all members of his family McKay, McKay), Jean

of are of the University alumni Utah. 1928; R. Llewelyn 1927; Dr. R. Mrs. Llewelyn McKay, and

This illustrious family group of alumni, below, showing McKay, 1930. (Dr. Russell H. Blood, who was in Korea

their class years, follows when the picture was taken, is also a graduate, class of 1927.)

U N I u H SEPTEMBER 1953 663 Curtains for Jeanie

(Continued from page 662) your room and take a long nap. We

want to tidy the house for your party and surprise you."She glanced slyly

around at the group. "The children

and I have secret plans."

rx. Lindy Sue looked up at Jeanie,

her eyes shining like stars. "We're

going to make the living room be-e- eauti-ful!"she said, shaking her

head from side to side for emphasis.

"Ya! ya!"squealed Timmie, waving

a spoon. "Gonna get purple curtains!

Like de purple cow!"

Mother and the children laughed gleefully. A cold fright swelled inlet us be more determined side Jeanie until she could feel the

dull ache of it.

Purple curtains! Had Mother

to make beautiful homes. bought those cheap, hideous things

the variety store had been featuring?

"Mother, what is Timmie talking to be kinder husbands, about?"Mother's smile was tantalizing.

more thoughtful wives, "Just you wait, Jeanie,"she said.

"You're going to be surprised. A

little dye and some starch...."

more exemplary to our children, "Oh, Mother..., "Jeanie began

but stopped because her voice was determined that in our homes about to break. Mother walked over and looked down at her daughter in

her penetrating way. A beam from

we are going to have the low sun fell across the room outlining the slight droop to Mother's shoulders and touching her pale just a little taste cheeks with a rosy glow. Jeanie felt

her mother's hand light and cool on forehead. her

of heaven here on this earth. ** "Jeanie, I know how you feel, believe me. But perhaps it won't be as

bad as you imagine. You enjoy the

President David 0. McKay girls, and they like you. I think you

will have a very pleasant evening together."Mother slipped her arm around Jeanie and hugged her hard. "Really,

Jeanie, it isn't so awful to live in a small home. Our place is neat, and

when the children and I give it a few touches, I think you'll say it is very nice. The important thing is to be a

good sport. Be proud to entertain

your friends in your home. Forget

yourself in making your guests comAmerica's First Department Store Jeaniefortable anotherand squeeze.happy.""NowShe gaverun

along, dear. Get your beauty nap."

After a shower Jeanie slipped between the cool sheets. "Purple curtains!"she muttered. Mother had

said something about dye. Jeanie

buried her face in her arm to shut (Concluded on page 666) 664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Going places over Labor Day

PLAY SAFE.'

STOP POP CONOCO

SERVICi!

More than just an oil change- A COMPLETE SAFETY SERVICE FOR YOUR CAR!

Chances are you're planning a Labor Day "outing."But remember, safe trips

start at the Conoco sign. So plan on getting complete Conoco SafetyFirst Service

this week—and your Labor Day trip will be a happier one!

FREE tire inspection FREE lighting system check

Your Conoco dealer will check air presHe'll inspect headlights and signal lights;

sure; inspect tires for cuts, bruises, wear. make sure your car has no defective bulbs. \j|l

FREE brake check FREE battery check

He'll check brake system; recommend He'll test battery, clean terminals, advise

repairs when needed for safe driving. if you need a charge, or new cables.

FREE cooling system check Conoco lubrication

He'll examine your entire cooling system Using Conoco's special ChekChart, he'll... make sure it's set for your trip. get to every single lubrication point.

Drain and refill with CONOCO Sup e r MOTOR OIL

He'll drain out your old oil; recondition

air and oil filters and refill your crankcase with Conoco Super—the motor oil that

oilplates metal surfaces and helps yourCONOCO engine eat less.—run better—and live longer!

.. the best there is for you and your car

SEPTEMBER 1953 665 V!sX;!i5|y,S?#!ii Curtains for Jeanie

(Concluded from page 664) out the image of ugly purple curtains hanging limp and heavy at the windows. Homedyed curtains! That

would be the last straw. This terrible

evening would be "curtains"for

Jeanie Andrews'art lessons. She

wouldn't have the courage to face the girls in art class, after tonight.

When Jeanie opened her eyes, the clock on her dresser said seven thirty.

She got up and tried to dress quickly.

But nothing seemed to go right. A

strap pulled loose and had to be sewed on. Then a button popped off

her pink organdy, and she had to sew that on, too. At last she was dressed

and was stepping into her patent leather pumps when she heard a knock on her door.

"Come in,"she mumbled, recognizing her mother's soft rap.

Mother put her head inside the door. "It's almost eight, dear. Everything is ready. The children and I

will come out and meet the girls when they come, then we'll leave you.""Oh, Mother,"Jeanie began.

"My! How pretty you look!"

Mother said, and went out.

In a few minutes Jeanie went slowly into the living room. At the door she

stopped and looked around. Then

she caught her breath and held it.

This was magic! The same room, but

... it was a place of enchantment.

The little silverbeaded lamp on the table shed a rosy glow over the room, washing the walls with pale pink, and touching the background pattern with glints of silver.

Jeanie stood still, her heart pounding. And then she saw the curtains

lifting and billowing in the breeze.

Like spider webs sparkling with violet dew in the early morning. Soft as

the petals of a pansy. Suddenly a

lump rose warm and tight in Jeanie's throat. Mother was right! How

foolish she had been to feel ashamed of her little home. Of course the

girls would enjoy the glow of this pretty room... and Mother's warm

welcome... and the children's sweet

friendliness....

There was the sudden clatter of footsteps on the porch, and Jeanie's

Toilet Tissue pumps beat a happy rhythm on the rug as she ran to the door, arms wide to greet the girls.

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hie most fender part ofTBone?

IfceFIUET!

part of tuna? The most fender

fana Cb ici

ffOP/tLO/VG MSS/0/S fiMWfc for strong, healthy bodies! More proteinrich, ounce for ounce, than practically

all 751 basic foods. More economical, too!

A Van Camp Sea Food packed by VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY, INC, Main Office: Terminal Island, California

SEPTEMBER 1953 667 EDUCATION AND ETERNITY

(Continued from page 654) assembly line, he is not narrow or men. Though tolerant, he is aware cramped in mental claustrophobia, for

of man's weakness through his gift he moves away from his water pump WEEKEND of discernment of spirits. to take a look at life. He obtains

He is quick to recognize fraud. He knowledge of life through reading the

will not be sold magic of any divinabest that men have written. He lays REMODELERS! tion or incantation but is awake to aside his wrench to take up the violin

of all fraudulent schemes types or easel or the the to hold to push political spurious promises, s5T whether to pen. returns the he when Then

surething investments, giveaway assembly line, he has a deep well sales, a college education in six of experience from which to draw in months, or eternal life through a simreflection.

ple confession of faith. These attitudes of the educated

He has the habit of directed reman bear fruit in social behavior.

flection. He is always in good comThe possessor of them is tolerant,

pany when he is alone, for his thinkprogressive, and objective in his point ing is directed toward the greatest of view.

of his C<yu>y*Ar and most exalted experience again hears Handel what past. He PLASTIC WALL TILE 'HThe educated man has in addition,

smells the recorded; he and heard

characteristics. First, social three

rose; he feels the silken veil; he sees

to use he is able his mother tongue past experiences in reflected light. Yet, with correctness and facility. This

the educated man, though equipped involves the ability to read, interpret, is reflection, of the not with power an write. speak, and

, with POSITIVE idle dreamer. Since an educated be must man

I WATERSEAL his recross-examines mentali He is think, able to since thinking and \ PROTECTION lose sight flections. of the not does He of accomplished thought means by and \ existence of his reality the nor own of patterns words, can one made up IT DO YOURSELF of his to relating necessity thoughts as think as elaborately only his suphis actions. The educated man's ply of words permits. Not only does

Exciting, lustrous walls at little cost dream broadens his vision, strengththe educated man possess an adecapacities, his ideals, his ens expands vocabulary, quate also possesbut he Beautiful Decorator Colors * soul, his ambitions, spurs his ennobles ses ability to express the himself with tile with the POSITIVE * The ignites his enthusiasm, and correctness. improves precision and WaterSeal Flange

"k A Style Leader his performance. Second, he loves and patronizes the

of loves beautiful. the beauties He * Easier and Faster Installation wardHe lookinghas a conceptionforward looking,of life. outThe nature, patronizes the arts. he and

Color Matching * limitations of his earthly Corner Pieces prison walls deeply can be by harmomoved He

Tiles and Trim his shut do not in. Though him nies of sounds, sweet harmonies

New Cushion Bevel "k of subsistence Design earthly be obtained may color, of harmonies movement. and

Beautifies Your Walls bolt of tightening the third through Third, he action with is a man of

Complies with the k internal Industry's the water on an compump to be claim man can power to do. No Commercial Standard

it as along the bustion engine moves (Continued on page 670)

It's New—It's Different- *

Unexcelled Beauty at An educated man is not necessarily a scholar; he may be a man of action with power to do.

Minimum Cost

t* PLAITK

MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS 205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Boise. Twin Falls, Pocatelto, Idaho, Reno, Nevada

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JAKE A HIDE In the Wonderful

A Compact Economical New Kind of Car Its a delight to handle, drive and park in today's traffic... and there's ample room

for six!

In the lowest price field...

hudson A compact, new kind Jetof car

Standard trim and other specifications and accessories subject to change without notice.

L. H. STRONG MOTOR COMPANY

Intermountain HUDSON Distributor, 679 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Contact the following dealer nearest you for free demonstration. Nearly all of them are prominent

L.D.S. men who will be glad to serve your best interest

HARRY E. LUFF MOTOR CO. BROWN EQUIPMENT CO. NELL'S MOTOR SERVICE BROWN'S, INC. CONRAD MOTORS, INC.

E. Street Street 703 17th Coalville, South Hoytsville 1256 Main North Manti, Utah Utah and Roosevelt, Utah

Pocatello, City, Salt Lake Idaho Utah

LLOYD'S SERVICE & EVANS MOTOR HUMPHREY RIGGAN GARL CO. WILKINSON MOTORS ELSWOOD MOTOR Street 91 Main CO. West MOTOR

Bountiful, Street 254 Jackson, C Utah Wyoming Street Vernal, Utah 355 North Main

Falls, Idaho Idaho I. INC. FROST, Logan, Utah GEORGE

CO. VETERE ALEXANDER AUTO SALES MOTOR Blvd. 1950 Washington WELLSGROVER MOTOR

First Street North 410 West HARRIS JAY DEE Evanston, Rexburg, Idaho Utah Ogden, Wyoming

Price, Utah Tremonton, Utah SERVICE L. CO. GARAGE PROVO H. STRONG CO. DELZER'S EQUIPMENT NEVADA Bridge 1089 Third South West 461 SALES West SERVICE KING MOTORS BULLOCK &

Provo, Utah Tooele, Utah Orem, Utah Ely, Nevada Blackfoot, Idaho

SEPTEMBER 1953 669 Education and Eternity

{Continued from page 668) educated who is not capable of doing at least one thing well. Being one

who both observes and interprets his environment, he directs his efforts toward placing himself significantly in that environment, thereby blessing the earth and the people in it with his contribution. If he is a doctor, he

is a learned doctor; if he is a lawyer,

he is an efficient lawyer; if he is a

farmer he is a progressive farmer;

if he is a teacher, he is a wise teacher;

if he is a mechanic, he is an expert mechanic.

Being aware of his civic and church responsibilities, he contributes to the general welfare of his church and community. A man may have book

learning and mental agility without being possessor of this allimportant ability to apply his learning in his daily pursuits. Such a one has lost

or never attained usefulness and is, therefore, not educated. He is a potential power and will become complete only when training and learning are put to practical use.

Finally, the educated man has spiritual insight. He is moral. He cannot sin against man; man is his partner. He cannot sin against God; God

is his master. He can and does extend his sight beyond his local

horizon to see into eternity. Though

he cannot know eternity, he can seek always to understand his own existence; he can be a philosopher of

eternity. His religion is a religion of

moral excellence and purity, of integrity and diligence through which he overcomes evil with good.

A man who is possessor of all these qualities in their ultimacy is educated.

Protecting your family's health is one of your most serious But no man has ever in this life and welcome—responsibilities. And the best way to assure a reached the pinnacle of complete

is aware of healthful home is with complete cleanliness. education, and no man that truth more than the man who

Many homemakers use Hexol in the bathroom so they are has climbed the highest in educationsure it is completely clean. For Hexol is the effective, pleasant al pursuits.

germicide that banishes contagion spreading germs as you clean. If we are to profit by the fruits of

Just go over tub, basin, floor with Hexol. Pour a little in the education we must first know what

conThoughtfully are seeking. toilet bowl. It's so easy to help safeguard your family's precious we of the educated the marks sidering

health with Hexol cleanliness. man in their entirety, we become

aware that to learn is to advance, to become educated is to expand exthe pleasant perience and increase capacity. We

are saved in our Father's kingdom as bathroom we gain intelligence. Thus the fruits

Germicide Deodorant of education are the fruits of eternal life. Through pursuit of education wc

may reach the tree whose fruit is deAT ALL DRUG COUNTERS sirable to make one happy. At the

end of this life we may have made sufficient progress to make possible our association with those of brightness and glory among the heavenly passedhosts. have Yet we when the Western brings you shall see that have just weveil, we

begun to learn.

The fruit of education, then, is at- a new kind of tainment of a position of receptivity by which we can become a candidate deluxe 4-engine air travel!

for the choicest blessings in store for the righteous. This is verified by the

word of the Lord, which says:

How long can rolling waters remain impure? What power shall stay the heavens?

As well might man stretch forth his puny arm to stop the Missouri river in its decreed course, or to turn it up stream, as to hinder the Almighty from pouring down knowledge from heaven upon the heads of the Latterday Saints. (D. & C. 121:33.)

Let it Be Done in the

>irit of Faith (Continued from page 647) I picked up a book that is being used in a great many high schools throughout the United States, published by three gentlemen of renown, noted in their certain fields of science. This book was one that was

in the possession of one of my grandsons who does not live here in Salt

Lake City, but it is in his possession, NONSTOP DCBB'sand it is being used in the schools.

In it some of these theories, damnable in their nature, are placed before from these children in a very enticing form to lead them away from a belief in

God. SALT LAKE CITY

You cannot see what I have in my hand, but it is showing to these stuin schooldents the where man came to LOS ANGELES and

Ifrom. a blackboard wish we had

here, and I were an artist, but it does not take an artist to do this. I amgoing to tell you just what there is MINNEAPOLISST.PAUL

here.

Here is a V-shaped diagram showing on one side the descent of animals, on the other the descent of plants, or ascent, whichever way you want to look at it, from a little speck. At

one time, according to the theory, this came to life all of itself, spontaneously, and presently it became an amoeba, and then a worm, WESTERN AIR LINES and then an insect, and here is the amoeba, here is the worm, here is a grasshopper representing the insect, merica's Oldest Flies Americas Newest then a reptile, and finally they put a cow. I do not know why they picked

a cow, because Mr. Darwin says that

we are related to the horse, but that (Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1953 671 LEI II BE DONE IN THE SPIRIT OF FAITH (Continued from preceding page) the youth, and they add other picdoes not matter. That is on one tures, scores of them, and all of this is

side. Then from this same side of being taught to your sons and your

the V and from the same source we daughters, your children's children get the algae that we find in the when they get old enough to have water, then the fungi, like the toadchildren in public schools, and you stools, then the mosses, then the ferns, cannot get a textbook, anywhere that and after a while, we get the trees, I know of, on the "ologies,"except all coming from the same source. theology, and many of those carry

That is the kind of stuff that that you the same way, along this same is filled with. it shows book Then course of nonsense—that is all it is.

leg the one page on and of a man

With all good wishes to a great opposite it the leg of a grasshopper, So I think the Lord was wise here

CHURCHMAN showing how much they are alike. in saying that in our studying we

HUMANITARIAN The one thing they overlook is that must study those things that are exare pedient, useful, that things that leg the grasshopper's just opworks AMERICAN faith not destroy in God. posite leg will the man's to the way

President works, so far as the joint is conNow, we believe we are the sons

DAVID 0. McKAY cerned. and daughters of God, do we not?

You can see the effect that has upon (Continued on page 674)

THE STAFF.OFFICERS

AND 300 AGENTS OF freedom Under the KOLOB CORPORATION A General Insurance Agency Richard L. Evans

UTAH IDAHO MONTANA NEVADA 'T'here are many theories of government, many political persuasions, many systems of social orders, many philosophies and speculations as to the place and importance of people. But whatever the theories, whatever the allegiance, whatever the ideologies, this blessed freedom we

have had has come because the Founding Fathers recognized, first, a living God as the supreme factor and force in the universe and in the affairs of men and nations, and, second, a man as an immortal child of God, responsible to him in matters of conscience and responsible as brothers one to another. Anyone who would eliminate the Lord

God from the foundations of freedom or from any social system would in fact be eliminating the very foundations of his own freedom—whether he knows it or not. No

matter what a person may think or suppose he thinks of divine Providence, freedom is founded on the fact that

God lives, that his commandments are real and incumbent upon us, that man is more than another order of animal,

Bring the family on l your trip to that he is a child of God whom his eternal Father made

Salt Lake City. Pay I the regular in his own image, that he was given dominion over all the

rate for yourself and i your wife. No earth, that he is of prime importance in the divine plan

charge for children i under 14 years, - and purpose, and that he has been endowed with free accompanying i you. agency and other Godgiven rights and responsibilities which

If the right of freedom were to ourselves, only NEWHOUSE HOTEL nonot manGodgiven,can justlyif weset aside.were answerable

SALT LAKE CITY riSf'SO only to society, freedom would have little assurance of survival. The Founding Fathers knew this and acknowledged

it; and the agnostic who avowedly knows it not, nevertheless has his free agency as a gift from God whom he thinks

he knows not. The fatherhood of God and the free agency

of man which God has given, are the foundation of freedom.

Jke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JULY 5, 1953 Copyright, 1953 I ') 672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J

a\ ifnfwfenf mescqge on pedins 1o awy iA/o/nan who rate jelly

OmrCEMOJ SURE JE1L a

Happy Day? Now you can be sure your

homemade jams and jellies taste just as rich 'ri luscious 'n'flavorful as the juiciest fruit at its sunripened, "justpicked"best! And here's why:

Only Certo's or SureJell's exclusive formula gives you a oneminute boil. Yes, you boil just one minute

so you capture more of the natural freshfruit flavor!

Furthermore, because Certo and SureJell are the only pectins coded for freshness, you know they're fresh... not the slightest chance of their

having been on the grocer's shelf for ages!

So, for more fruit flavor and maximum freshness "flavorguard"your jams and jellies with

Certo or SureJell pectin!

Products of General Foods HOMEMADE JAMS AND JELLIES TASTE BEST... COST LESS!

SEPTEMBER 1953 673 Let it Be Done in the

Spirit of Faith mt/Mi/mm&M (Continued from page 672) The Lord has revealed it. He has

taught us that in our own day. You

Under the inspired leadership will find it so recorded in Section 76 in the Doctrine and Covenants.

of President David O. McKay, The Savior taught his disciples that

we are the offspring of God, and the Church and its institutions he said to Mary, when she met him after his resurrection, "... go to my

brethren, and say unto them, I move forward through an era ascend unto my Father, and your

Father; and to my God, and your

of great growth and developGod,"(John 20:17) and that he

would then come and visit with ment. On this, his eightieth them. We have just surrendered, I think,

and now these silly things are domyear, we wish him life's greatinating the teaching of the peoples of the world in what are called civiest joys. lized countries.

Now, a few more things from this revelation which concern us, one and all: "Behold, that which you hear is T

PUBLISHING CO. wilderness—inas the voice of theone wilderness,crying in bethe

cause you cannot see him—my voice,

because my voice is Spirit; my Spirit

is truth; truth abideth and hath no

end; and if it be in you it shall

abound. "And if your eye be single to my glory, your whole bodies shall be filled HAMMONDIN THE CHURCHORGAN with light, and there shall be no

For many years, the Hammond Organ has been the largest selling darkness in you; and that body which

church organ in the world. Acceptance of any instrument in the is filled with light comprehendeth all

church field means more than in any other field, for the music things.

of the church is steeped in tradition and reverence. "Therefore, sanctify yourselves that

your minds become single to God,

AfterMOREthoroughTHANinvestigation,35,000 andsee him;the daysfor willhe willcomeunveilthat youhis shallface

churches have chosen the unto you, and it shall be in his own ORGAN. HAMMOND Deftime, and in his own way, and acinite it offers proof that

many exclusive advantages. cording to his own will.

"Remember the great and last No tuning expense promise which I have made unto

Low upkeep cost you; cast away your idle thoughts

and your excess of laughter far from

Simple to play you.

100's of true church tones and"Tarrycall a ye,solemntarry assembly,ye in thisevenplace,of those who are the first laborers in this last kingdom.

"And let those whom they have warned in their traveling call on the

Lord, and ponder the warning in their hearts which they have received, for a little season.

"Behold, and lo, I will take care (Continued on page 676) 674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RA.IROAD UN1ON Kic.BC

Let it Be Done in the Western Spirit (Continuedof Faithfrom page 674)

Styfe of your flocks, and will raise up elders and send unto them.

"Behold, I will hasten my work

HOMBMH Here the Lord promises that if we UAL in its time."(D. & C. 88:6673.) mn are faithful and true we will behold eOOMtSS his face. There is not anyone here AMP HAVOR this afternoon who has not seen his

face. Every one of you, we all dwelt

in his presence, we have all seen

WITH THE PLUMPEST, him, but for a wise purpose that

TENDEREST RED knowledge was taken away, and the

IDAHO BEANSLord intends that we should walk by faith, not by sight. Here is what

CHOICEST LEAN the Lord says himself about it in this

GROUND BEEFsame revelation:

PERFECTLY SPICED SAUCE! "Behold, all these are kingdoms, CUM or seen any hath any and who man CAM* IP IT'S CO* of seen least these hath the God B AN) th *"power. his majesty in and moving

"I say unto you, he hath seen him; nevertheless, he who came unto

his own was not comprehended.

"The light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehendeth it not;

nevertheless, the day shall come when you shall comprehend even God, being quickened in him and by him.

"Then shall ye know that ye have

OUR seenthe trueme, lightthat I thatam, isandin thatyou, I andam

COMMENDATION that you are in me; otherwise ye

AND could not abound."(Ibid., 88:4750.)

CONGRATULATIONS coversThis sois amanywonderfulthingsrevelation.of vital imIt

TO portance to every member of the

Church. I wonder how many of us

PRESIDENT haveby justreadreadingSectionthis one88? section.Do not Takestop

the whole revelation. No! DAVID O. MCKAY itbutas readyour theme, there is none better,

read the whole book. The Lord

for commanded in the very first section of the Doctrine and Covenants, 80 Years of Service to which is the preface of this book, the

HIS CHURCH Lord's preface:

HIS COMMUNITY "Search these commandments, for they are true and faithful, and the

O AND HIS FELLOW MEN prophecies and promises which are in them shall all be fulfilled."(Ibid.,

1:37.) "Search these commandments."How much do we love the

Lord? What is the greatest of all

the commandments? The Lord has

told us here, in Section 59 of the

Doctrine and Covenants, what it is, as he applies it to the members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in this Dispensation of the

STATE AND BROADWAY SALT LAKE CITY Fulness of Times:

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Wherefore, I give unto them [the K5s5s5s<3<3vaJ\3s jvixiKSS'O members of the Church] a commandment, saying thus: Thou shalt love

the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy might, mind, and strength; and in the name of Jesus

Christ thou shalt serve him.

"Thou shalt love thy neighbor asthyself. Thou shalt not steal; neither The Eightieth

commit adultery, nor kill, nor do anylikething unto it.

shalt "Thou thank the Lord thy"Anniversary of a

God in all things."(Ihid.f 59:5-7.)

So, the first of all the commandments is,to love God with all our Great Spiritual Leader soul, and in the name of Jesus Christ, serve him, and he has commanded us to make ourselves familiar with these truths which have been revealed to us in the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times. It is with abiding appreciation of our enduring

How many of us have done it? friendly relationship with a great man that we conSo I say to you, and all the members

of the Church, for that matter, do gratulate President David O. McKay, of The Church

not let your understanding rest upon of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, upon the Eightieth one verse, which is a very excellent

Anniversary of his birth.

theme, but search the scriptures that you may not be deceived by false theories and practices and doctrines One of our country's most distinguished citizens, so prevalent in the world today. If

President McKay's influence is reflected in the spiritual you will do this, if you will have in your hearts the guidance of the Spirit and temporal welfare and progress of his Church and of the Lord which every member of of the Mormon people. May his guidance continue for

the Church has a right to have, the companionship of the Holy Ghost, many years to come.

you will not be led astray by the theories of men because the Spirit of the Lord will tell you they are false, the haveand you will spirit of disPerry M. Shoemaker, understand. that you maycernment

Now I was going to read two pasiy President, Lackawanna Railroad sages from the Bible, because they are so closely connected with this theme. The Savior was speaking to I

the Jews. They marveled at his doctrine, and "Jesus answered them, and

said, My doctrine is not mine, but S his that sent me.

"If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself."(John 7:1617.)—"If any * Beauty * Durability * Utility

man willdoctrine—do his will, he shall know of the

Why, we ought to be able to understand the doctrine of Jesus Christ;

we ought to have within us the power, aided by the Spirit of the Lord, to Over 90 Years Service discern between the doctrines that come from our Father in heaven, his Son, through Jesus Christ, and ft sm limigMim the doctrines of men. Salt Lake City 250 East South Temple

When you go to school, and you are told all these theories and have (Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1953 677 Canada is a federal republic as the

LET IT BE DONE IN THE SPIRIT OF FAITH United States is a federal republic.

(Concluded from preceding page) everything with an eye single unto Where the U.S.A. has fortyeight state

to pass an examination on them, all the glory of God, and let us teach governmentsunion, Canadaas thehas basisten provinces,of the federalplus right, write it down and say, "This to build up and strengthen ourselves the Northwest and Yukon territories.

is what my teacher says,"and "This and the Church of Jesus Christ of These provinces are: Ontario, Quebec,

is what the textbook says."You do Latterday Saints. Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, New

not have to say you believe it. May the Lord bless all of us and Brunswick, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, AlHere is the other passage: He be with you people who are leading berta, British Columbia, and, recently

had been preaching to the Jews, and and directing in this Mutual Imadded, the former separate "dominion"many of them believed on him. "As provement work that you may teach of Newfoundland. Over eightyfive pertotal of are population cent the the guide and truth in the youth these believed words, spake he many

perforty-eight Nearly Canadianborn. that will free. make them him. on thirtyof origin; are British cent about

I so pray, in of And the name said those Jesus to Jews "Then Indians 137,000 were one French. Some

which believed on him, If ye continue Jesus Christ. Amen. numbered in the 1951 census, plus

in my word, then are ye my disciples 8,550 Eskimos.

indeed; Canadian social policies are much

"And ye shall know the truth, These Times like those of the United States. If

truth shall the and make you free."so, permit to say will Canadians me (Continued page 626) from

'(Ibid., 8:3032.) frenetic a less take view they tend to present party strength in the Canadian

Now if you understand the gospel House of Commons is as follows: of same, however. Perhaps this is beof Jesus Christ, it will make you free. cause the Liberal Party, in power going

If your softball, your volleyball, your Liberals 184 seats on three decades, is something like the basketball, your foot racing, your ProgressiveConservatives 48 seats American Republican Party but with dancing, your other entertainments Cooperative Commonwealth "New Deal like"policies. Thus, under

are devoid of the Spirit of the Lord, Federation 13 seats the Canadian Social Security Act of 1951, they will be of no value to you. Let Social Credit 10 seats aged persons over seventy are entitled

forty dollar to from a check each month seats Independents 4 of in everything the spirit be done 1952, 31, October government. the On 1 LiberalLabor seat is in faith. prayer I think that and of all over ninetyfive percent Canadians seats Vacancies 2

it is for the case, unnecessary maybe receiving seventy age were (675,423) me to say it, but so let it be. Do 262 seats their forty dollars, without much fuss

To Pres. David O.McKay

The employes and management of HiLaricL Dairy join -with your countless friends in congratulating you on your eightieth, hirthday

netHPLAND DAIRY

in iiiiiiiii dm*

HILAND at the store.. *f"\Millbrook at the door

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

or feathers. The Canadians are probably more realistic than their U.S.

neighbors to the south who have put the retirement age at sixtyfive—too low, Proudly Presenting..

most of us now realize. However the

Canadians provide an old age "assistance"plan for their sixtyfive to seventy yearold group, again forty dolSWEDEN SPEED JUICER... World's Finest

lars each month. But only sixteen perHome Juicer. Juices all Fruits and Vegecent (81,000) were taking advantage of tables. Fast, simple, efficient. No peeling or

it on October 31, 1952. The "liberal coring. Has automatic feed—no plunger reconservatism"of Canada's political quired. Attractive, durable and easy to clean.

leadership seems to have recognized the Powered by a 14 h.p. General Electric motor.

facts of industrial, urban life and adOne year warranty. Only $89.50. Freight paid

justed thereto gracefully. Canada's if prepaid—add state tax.

federal budget of nearlv four billion dollars is large for her 14,009.429 (1951)

people, and nearly comparable to that of the U.S.A. A sound and growing

economy helps the national income. The USE A BENNETT FRUIT AND VEGETABLE

total investment in Canada's oil, for exJUICER if you want large quantities of fine ample, has increased about four hundred juice rapidly... economically. Ideal for large

percent since 1945 (from $296,000,000 to families, hospital, fountains, juice bars—

over $1,225,000,000). And to the iron wherever a volume of juice is required. Juices

of Quebec and Labrador, the western gallons without stopping. The Bennett is

powers all look for strength. powered by a 14 h.p. motor. Weight 40 lbs.

Only $225. Freight paid is prepaid—add state

tax. (With Special Heavy Duty Motor $250.

Weight 50 lbs.

PRAIRIE SUNSET

BURR 8"STONE HOUSEHOLD By Beryl Stewart MEADOWS take great pride in announcing MILL. We

Ounset is a brilliant shawl the availability of this versatile and productive *-* Across the shoulders mill at a very reasonable price. Backed by 50

Of tired earth. years of manufacturer's experience in stone

Its designs burr mills. Will grind 75 or more lbs. of flour

pheasants glidingShow Toward their nests in prairie grass. per hour. Also cereal and corn. Mill (without

motor) is shipped f.o.b. fully assembled and

ready to belt to power for only $99.95. With

General Electric Single Phase 1 h.p. Motor

$169.95. (Pulley included.)

Religiously, fortythree percent of all Specifications on areCanadians Catholics Roman BURR MILLS STONE "MEADOWS"COMMERCIAL of 6,069,496 interesting them. The

MILLS, PRICE HOPPER MINIMUM REQUIRED of"United Church Canada"G. E. MILL (formed (Diam.SIZE of CAPACITY H. P. CAPACITY ONLY MOTOR3 PHASE&

some years ago from Presbyterians, ConBurrs) in lbs.hourper PULLEY, F.O.B.

gregationalists, and Methodists) claims 16"150 4 to 6 100 $225.00 5 h.p. $345.00

about twentyone percent of the people, 20"300 7 to 10 100 $325.00 7% h.p. $490.00

with 2,867,271 members. The Church 24"500 12 to 15 140 $450.00 15 h.p. $700.00

of England (Episcopalians in the 30"700 20 to 25 140 $555.00 20 h.p. $885.00

U.S.A.) holds the confidence of 2,060,- Also available are "MEADOWS"Elevating Fans, Meal Bolters, and

or. fifteen720, percent; while those

still have some PRECISION MILLS ELECTRIC FLOUR WePresbyterians remained out of who to coarse. very fine the h.p. Grinds (Hobart). Weight 90 lbs. motor with—grinds1/3

"United Church of Canada"are the 25 to 35 lbs. flour per hour. $95.00. Freight paid if prepaid—add state tax.

fourth largest body with 781,747 (5.6%). Complete Set of Stainless Steel, Waterless, Greaseless Cookware—$109.95

They are followed by the Baptists with ALL INQUIRIES PROMPTLY ANSWERED 519,885 Jewish, Mennonite, (3.7%), 13,

Latterday other Saint, and congregaNOTICE:SeptemberEASTERN15th to 19th.IDAHOBlackfoot,STATE Idaho.FAIR DISPLAY, Booth No.

tions. for our fine products. Canada's common frontier with the DEALERS NEEDED—to demonstrate and take orders

Inquiries furnished and franchises given to good producers. State forU.S.A. nearly three thousand miles

desired. qualifications and territory

of theis one hisfacts of tremendous tory. The entire world may look with Announcing

atadmiration the friendship existing NEW LOCATION STARTING SEPTEMBER 15 OF thison of both sides longest largest and unguarded, (in the military sense), unfortified frontier. Canada is fast beHEALTH APPLIANCE COMPANY

of earth'scoming one leading powers. Sales and Display Room—1615 South State, Salt Lake City, UtahIt is not unlikely that states- a future

also at paraphrase Bismarckman may well who 1st North 230 Phone West Logan, Utah 1420-W——reputedly said: single fact "The greatest Falls, Vicinity Idaho Idaho and Phone 3673NW

(Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1953 679 THESE TIMES Heartfelt (Concluded from preceding page) ica. We may well recall the insight

Greetings in diplomacy is the fact that the peoof Joseph Smith who, April 8, 1844 at his last general declared: conference, "The of British Isles the the and United on your ple itself whole America of from

of States speak the America same to lannorth south...."is Zion

EIGHTIETH guage."The future phrasemaker may Let us never forget that the largest

of that north American land "from

is BIRTHDAY wellsingleofferfact thein internationalthought thatrelationsthe greatestand topiecesouth"our great to the neighbor world affairs is the understanding and north, the Dominion of Canada. Let's

friendship between the Dominion of promote our knowledge of it and thereby

Canada and the United States of Amerenhance our mutual friendship.

AT HOME WITH THE McKAYS

(Continued from page 645) younger. There were always two outfamily. Decoration Day, the Fourth ings that they could count on for the

of July, Christmas, winter holidays, summer: a trip to Yellowstone Park

President and Sister McKay go one and an excursion to Lagoon. No sumday early to the Huntsville home mer was complete without these two

when they can to make it ready for experiences, which served to bind the the family. President McKay will family even more closely into a unit.

hitch the horses to the lawn mower On a recent trip President McKay and cut the grass, so that the boys learned that a daughterin-law of his will have a good place to play basehad never been to the north rim of ball. The riding horses are curried the Grand Canyon. Nothing would

and made ready so that each child do but that they delay their own may have a turn riding. On the crowded schedule to see that she was

current July Fourth, President McKay given the great joy of seeing that was scheduled to appear in the spectacular sight. The McKays deProvo parade, which he did. But rive sincere pleasure out of giving

as soon as the parade was over, he pleasure to others. On this trip, alheaded the car for Huntsville and so, President McKay spent twenty

arrived there at three o'clock in the minutes feeding the squirrels with

President afternoon—to be in that community some of the buns left over from their

DAVID O. McKAY wherethe fourhis kitchensheart is. atIn thethe Huntsvilleearly days lunch.One sure way, the old adage runs,

home provided adequate cooking of telling whether a man is good is facilities for all President McKay's to see how animals react to him. Ani-

A Rich Life brothers and sisters and their families mals love President McKay, and in addition. Consequently solidarity he loves them. It is nothing for

of developed in the McKay family and President McKay to leave his home

Outstanding provided good companionship bein Salt Lake City, drive to Huntstween President McKay and his ville, help break a colt, and be back

Accomplishment sons as they worked in the fields at the office by opening time. His

or played together. They also delove for animals makes his. training

veloped and learned the true value of them easy and enjoyable.

We extend our sincere of work. The girls of the family also The family parties are intensified

had opportunity when "Mama Ray"in interest because of the musical congratulations and wish came to Salt Lake City occasionally to ability of the family. The McKays

care for her husband. The girls have had from the early days of

you many pleasant years were left to keep house—cook, wash, childhood the ability to entertain

iron, mend, and learn home managethemselves. Lawrence plays the of good health and

ment from a practical point of view. violin; Llewelyn the clarinet; and

abounding happiness. During the winter holidays, "Papa Lou Jean the piano. On rare occaDade"hitches'the horses so that the sions when Lou Jean is not able to

children may have sleigh rides. Oh, be present, "Mama Ray"herself will

Deseret News Press the fun they have as a family might play the accompaniment for the be the example for all Latterday music. "Papa Dade"is a storyteller 31 Richards St. Salt Lake City, Utah

Saint families throughout the world! of the greatest ability. His stories

Phone 4-2581 The great game for all the McKays usually have a purpose as well as

Plant1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) is Rook. It is a relaxation as well as being entertaining. His dancing eyes

Phone 7-1584 - SALT LAKE CITY a social pastime. Crokinole used to hold his audience spellbound. A

be a favorite when the children were (Concluded on page 683) 680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Mckel Plate Road, which long has had the

pleasure of serving members of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, extends must

cordial greetings to President David D. McKay

on the occasion of his Hill h birthday anniversary.

Jicel {2ate Road TERMINAL TOWER CLEVELAND 1, OHIO

We should like to add our voices to the multitude of good wishes for a leader whose years have been dedicated not only to the sacred work of his Church throughout the world, but to the task of helping to build a better land in which to live. Warm birthday

greetings to David O. McKay, President of The Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints.

SALT LAKE REFINING COMPANY

A Subsidiary of Standard Oil Company of California

SEPTEMBER 1953 681.

f, 0W/

From all of us at Royal Baking Company

George Mueller, President

ROYAI

TABLE QUEEN Photo, courtesy Deseret NewsTelegram Bread

.. You DON'T HAVE to ENVY THEM

.JOIN THEM!

These happy shippers who use INLAND FREIGHT

LINES are happy shippers because they enjoy

INLAND'S expert PERSONALIZED service. This

means they enjoy the savings of money and time... so will you—when you SHIP VIA INLAND.

INLAND

FJBEIGHT INLAND LINES AND TEXAS POINTS TO ALL EASTERN, WESTERN "THRUTRAILER"CONNECTIONS

MAIN OFFICES: 1370 SOUTH 2nd WEST ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PHONE 7-1511

- Francisco, OTHER TERMINALS: 572 3-7779 CALIFORNIA—San 7th St.—Underhill St.—Gilbert

Emeryville, Stockton, 5915 4th 430 No. Aurora 990 Vj East St.—Piedmont 1-6311St.—Ph. Sacramento,5-1603 617NEVADA—Reno,Houston

Ph. 2-9922 2-3123. 1107 Wall UTAH—Ogden,Hollis 5-1274Ave.—Ph.

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

At Home with the McKays

(Continued from page 680)sisterin-law once said that she had FREE..

never met anyone else who had the rare ability that President McKay has of tying his entire audience to him Wurlitzer's from the oldest to the youngest.

gatherings family at the Always

is President fundraising grandchild onone

McKay's lap, more frequently there are two. He is especially careful to

see that each of his children and kit for grandchildren shares equally in his demonstrated affection and favors. At

the family gettogethers each is supchurch posed to do or something—greatsmall—to add to the enjoyment ofall. And "Papa Dade"watches with organs

graciousness and appreciation as each does his bit.

This characteristic of giving full You only have to hear a credit to everyone for what he can litzer Organ to know why do stems from his basic belief in the called the "voice of worship."

worth of the human soul. In this Its tone enriches Divine Services.

inspires meditation. It creates

is a respect conItthorough he most

Builder WURLITZERWorld's Largest and Pianos of Organs of prayer. atmosphere an

Under One Great Name issistent consistent person. But he

That's the tone because of a that he with which way a is derived Wurlitzer from quality that has pertaJSJgBSe \\\\\preaches—ain every natural musical the source—Fundraising—write for"yourkit forcopychurchesnow!sisted years. the through all reed. Wurlitzer get the You

In their religious association the advantages of an electronic inWurlitzer Rudolph Company The sacrificing without strument unit. a always been haveMcKays 1-39 Dept. NorthTonawanda,N.Y.

effects traditional organ when their children the gaveWhenever cost Please without your send me a Wurlitzer. choose you retalks kit for half tundraising or Organs. a minutetwo and Church

cited or played in the various orWurlitzer has prepared a speName.

in cial raising kit use to organ of theganizations President Church, Street. Visit Wurlitzer funds. your

to give there wereand Sister McKay for this write Dealer or proved City Zone State.

support and to encourage the activity. fundraising guide today.

When the ward teachers came, President McKay called his family in to listen to the message. His respect

for the ward teachers is part of his respect for the authority of the priesthood in addition to his respect for all mankind. "Train up a child

in the way he should go: and when

he is old, he will not depart from it,"(Prov. 22:6) has indeed proved true

in the McKay household. Whether you save regularly or by

The consistency in President and impulse, you'll welcome this timeSister McKay's family life has proved saving service. Simply slip your

itself in the rearing in love and hapcheck or moneyorder into a Savepiness of an honorable and respected I quick,ByMailconvenientenvelope andandsafe.mail. Ifs

family.

A Better Place To Save!

SEPTEMBER Jos E. Kjar, Pres. C. H. Tingey, Secy. <rwi:ur

2 modern offices 'By Alma Robison Higbee > 44 Sooth Main City Salt Lake the windrows of autumnT\own DESERET FEDERAL Office*-*'Howe sickle A goldenIs swinging wide and high, 43 N. University SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION

And with paintbrush of russet Provo

September is etching Branch Office

Wings on the pavonine sky.

SEPTEMBER 1953 683 A TRIBUTE TO JAMES E. MOSS

MINIATURE by Adam S. Beitnion

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE MARKET James E. Moss Utah owes James E. Moss a great September 4, 1953

—OPEN EVERY DAY—willHerebeisseventy-a maneightwhoyearswill young.never youth,debt of gratitudefor what forhe whatdid hefordidthemfor

6:00 a.m. 'till 2:00 a.m. be old—for the spirit of youth perintellectually, socially, athletically,

on Corner 6th South and State vades every fibre of his being. spiritually, and morally. His preachon Hiway 91 Chronological events never can tell ments were couched in kindliness and

the story of this good man. It was in an urge to worthy action.

Our hours for your convenience the soul of the man reaching out to And singularly, he has continued inspire others that made him unique. to work always with youth at that

"k Delicatessen Items He knew no schedule of hours—he most impressionable age of adolesworked by no pattern of performcence. He helped thousands of

* Groceries ance—he lived his life out to the full youths "try life on"to find it good,

* Baby Supplies people.in the interest of worthy causes and andachievementthen urgedof theirthemloftiestonideals.to the

I to came Granite [Granite *k High Magazines Men

School, Salt City, Lake after Utah,] in a generation—fortunately,like "Jimmie"Moss come oncethey * Patent Drugs he had impressed his personality uplive forever.

I caught at first * Meats on that high school.

hand the affection in which he was * Dairy Products held by his students. Their fondness Elder Moss was born in a log cabin

for him was little short of adoration. September 4, 1875 at Grassvalley,

Solid in his foundations, big of Utah. He came to Salt Lake City at

Not too big to know you. heart, warm in his devotion to both the age of five and onehalf. In 1893

learning and living, he led a great he began his teaching career at

Not too small to serve you. group of youngsters into the true Holladay. From then on several

spirit of democratic performance. generations of students have learned

No boy was too brilliant for his by his precept and example. It was

CONSULT A wardunderstanding;for his sympathyno boy wasandtooinspiraback- inHigh1901,School,whilethatteachinghe startedat buildingGranite

SEATING SPECIALIST tion. men by coaching boys in athletics.

BEFORE YOU SELECT PEWS FOR YOUR NEW CHAPEL.

Well designed seating offers greater comfort cost. at no extra Our "seatOLD SHAGGYMANE ing specialists"not only have years

of experience in making (Continued of Church page from 649) and barbed wire and the implements seating, but they the have most modextending north and south settlement, in unof finally ern was precision to prove tools machine which to do finer enable them numbers. less countable work at too great an antagonist for the even

cost. Equipped with a pair of horns, shaggy stolidly behemoths rewho Whether you wellmade want economy pews, supercomfort upholstered short, but stout enough to rip the sisted its encroachment over the

pews, or even individual opera tough prairie sod for apart plains. a wallow, broad

chairs, you'll find the best, competianchored skull in a that can turn a Inevitably the massive herds were tively priced, at Fetzer's Salt Lake

Cabinet. bullet, Old Shaggymane is a formipushed ever farther into the west

dable opponent for any animal of the over the Mississippi and Missouri i wilds and a dangerous beast even across the grassy sea of the Great

Cmitth Vem for man to face. Plains—and eventually into oblivion,

Send for Buffalo bulls on the rampage have or just about.

this FREE been known to toss a whole wolf But Old Shaggymane didn't give pack, disembowel a horse, and even up his wild monarchy without a magChurch carry horse and rider along for a nificent fight. He met the invasion

Seating hundred yards before hurling them literally headon, pushing down the to the ground. Even a grizzly bear new telegraph poles, standing belligfolder. would hesitate attacking a buffalo erently on the tracks and stopping wl

<ifattW*!* cow defending her calf. No creatrains, charging between cars to

ture living could stand before the break the couplings.

trampling, plunging juggernaut of a It was not enough. The laying

wild buffalo herd on the stampede. of the transcontinental railway

Salt ahe Cabinet Only the "iron horse,"relentlessly spelled the doom of the westwardFixture end Company 'WVjjk snorting and puffing westherds. driven its way

Sail West 1 36 So. Lake City, UtoU Tempi. UfZT% ward, bringing with guns its men slaughter of the wild A systematic

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA buffalo, instigated by railroad owners, brought about swift annihilation of his courageous kind.

Colonel William Cody earned his sobriquet of "Buffalo Bill"—besides

the handsome salary of five hundied dollars a month, which the Kansas

Pacific Railroad paid him—for his

exploits in ridding the railroad rightof-way of buffalo that swarmed over the trackless prairie.

Cody, with his gang of professional exterminators, soon decimated the wild herds, incidentally supplying the railroad crews with fresh meat daily.

If this measure of wholesale slaying could be called necessary for the progressive march of civilization, other wanton slaughter of the great beasts could not.

Estimates say that not onethird of few typical prices the buffalo killed on the western Here's proof from the complete Rylock prairies were ever utilized. Some Price List covering more than

greedy hunters slew bison only for 200 sizes.

the tongues, considered a delicacy, of the leaving the rest to the wolves. Rylock Tension Type Window Screens are made with the Millions of the animals were slainfor their valuable hides alone, which Economy of famous MultiStrand reinincreased in value as their numbers forced selvedge aluminum

diminished. Mile after mile of the screening (used by Rylock exhides, heaped haystack high, were to clusively) and with aluminum

be seen beside the railroad, awaiting tension bars and aluminum orshipment, during the peak years of Rylock stainless steel hardware and the unprecedented massacre of the working parts... even the

prairie monarchs. Tension Type screws! There's nothing to

Only an estimated fifteen million rust or stain. They are also

of the lordly beasts remained in all available with galvanizedAmerica by 1865; and in that single Window Screens screening at even lower prices!

year a million more were slaughtered.

By 1872, half of the remainder were Rylock Tension Type WinScreens are available in agone—the peak of the kill. dow

How rapid was the decline of the complete range of models and buffalo, once the white man started sizes from your Rylock dealexploiting him, is shown in one iner. See him today!

stance. In the spring of 1880 a See a Rylock Dealer for exact prices of screens

tannery was established at Fort Grifforsize yourand windows.kind of windowScreen andpricesthe dependparticularori

fin, Texas. During the single season Rylock Screen designed for each window type.

that the tannery remained in operation the bison herds had virtually Turn to the Yellow Pages of your televanished. phone book under "ScreenWindow"for

Montana's biggest herd—ten thouname of nearest dealer. If not yet listed

.. to Rylock. 2485 Washin write exterminatedsand animals—was

Ave., ington Calif, San Leandro, Sharpshooters, days, in 1883.a few

guarding water holes, through the grCalifornia.6177 York Blvd., Los Angeles,

burning heat of summer hours and by firelight at night, waited until

Ask for Booklet the thirstmaddened beasts braved about the Complete Rylock line.

even bullets for water, then shot down the milling, plunging brutes until the last great herd was totally destroyed. "DURALL"Screens are sold in the 37

states. grassy not ranges byFor the could They manufactured are

Cloth Co., under Wire supWINDOW SCREENS easternthe York New cattleport valuable beef grazing and

license. Rylock

buffalo herds both.

It became the sporting fashion for RYLOCK COMPANY LTD. 2485 Washington ave. san leandro, calif.

(Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1953 605 Old Shaggymane

{Continued from preceding page) wealthy big game hunters to vie for the doubtful honor of "killing the last buffalo."Welloutfitted parties

penetrated into the last strongholds

It of the scattered small herds, much as

Transporter for "Atomic Cannon. oldworld hunters set out on safaris

Designed to transport the Army's new 280 mm. gun, into darkest Africa for elephant huntthe T-10 Transporter is 84 feet long, yet can make ing.

right angle turns at city street corners where streets Such a hunt was staged for Grand

General of Russia by Alexis Duke are only 28 feet wide. With its two independentlyand Custer General with Sheridan,

powered tractors, it can move forward, backward or Colonel Cody, a troop of U.S. cavalry,

sideways. The generatorpowered gun, the Army's and a band of Indian scouts to round

largest caliber artillery piece having complete mobility, up some isolated survivors of freewill fire either conventional or atomic shells. U. S. Steel ranging bison for the sport. A buffurnishes carbon steel and a special alloy carriage steel falo barbecue followed.

rollleft, over the there were Soon for this equipment. Only steel can do so many jobs the in prairie, of the stretches ing

so well. mountain valleys, along the beaten

trails of the western wilds, only the bleaching bones of the monarchs who had once marched and thundered over the wastelands by the countless millions. Acres and acres of the sunwhitened bones and skulls of the

beasts littered hill and prairie, and even these were to serve a purpose.

The bones of the buffalo had a high market value for use in sugar refining and for fertilizer. Many an earlyday

settler paid his first land fee from profits he had made on buffalo bones cleared from his claim. At least one

fortune is recorded by a dealer who shipped three thousand carloads of the bones to Kansas City at prevailing high prices.

Skull Valley, on the western Utah desert, was so named by pioneer explorers, who found the region covered with bleaching buffalo skeletons;

though the destroyers of the bison, in this case, were the natural elements; making of the whole area a

. -.....,,,, | |,,,,..,,, M. I vast bison burial ground.

The accounts of Jim Bridger and other frontier trappers tell of the severity of the winter of 183031.

Immense piles of bleached buffalo skeletons found in the Bear River NOTICE indicate Basin Uintah and the AND Valley IN OLD SPECIALIZE WE out wiped snows deep that unusually PUBLIOF PRINT L.D.S. OUT

CATIONS IF YOU ARE DEthe bison in Utah.

SIROUS OF OBTAINING OR Bridger recounts that during this

SELLING. PLEASE SUBMIT period the killing snows would "deep

YOUR LISTS TO... freeze"the animals, so their meat

would be good for the next spring's

ZION'S BOOKSTORE use. Although Utah was never host to

65 East 2nd South the vast herds of buffalo such as the

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH Great Plains knew, old Indian tales

Phone 4-3465 relate that Tooele County, west of (Continued on page 688) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA686 SEPTEMBER 1953 637 OLD SHAGGYMANE (Continued from page 686) The Smithsonian Institute, seeking

For today's BEST BUYS Salt Lake City, was at one time a to authenticate descriptions of the in pleasure trips... buffalo paradise; and that the Jordan mountain buffalo, as given by olduse River, which empties into Great Salt time trappers and explorers, was unGREYHOUND'S Lake,where wasthe ahugefavoritebeastsbuffalorolledwallow,in the specimenable to locateof this type;a singleand theremainingrecord

ooze, covering their shaggy hair with of this rarer breed of bison must

EFacation swarms.mud as Theprotectiongreat saltagainstlicks ofinsectthe remainUtah incomplete.lovers of the Old West, in

inland seashore also provided so played buffalo had the the salt which these snorting craved. monsters Olalanning the first colorful a part, were among

ervice toldMountaineersof another, lessof numerousthat early breed,time wildto foreseebreed totalunlessdestructionprotective ofmeasthe the mountain or "woods"bison, ures were taken to preserve a remnant

Ask your Greyhound Agent now which differed from his brother of of the fastdwindling herds.

obout the dozens of Greyhound the plains, being generally of smaller Private interests transported a tours that take you to America's stature and of a darker color; a cattleboat load of the big bison over

most beautiful vacationlands. variety which is now considered to to Antelope Island in Great Salt Lake.

be extinct. (Continued on page 690)

Let Greyhound'sVacation Planning Service plan just the trip you want arranging tor hotels, transportation, special sightseeing... all for one tow cost! Or

plan your own vacation on Jo tl5eamf 4cr9am EVERY DAY LOW FARES'. Richard L. Evans

Cometimes we hear someone say, "I wish I could begin GREYHOUND again; I wish I could live life over with what I know

Twfcgi Beit 6 fcVML now."It is not an uncommon wish, but time cannot be

turned back, and in life no road can be retraveled just as k) ira o* ()"< O-BPOIO* once it was. We can't begin back where we were. But

we can begin where we are, and in an eternity of existence, this is a reassuring fact. There is virtually nothing that a

v President * man cannot turn away from if he really wants to. There is

virtually nothing that he cannot improve. There is virtually

no habit that he canno.t give up if he will sincerely set hisiDavid O. McKay will to do so and will sincerely seek and accept help—the

i i help of others and of his Father in heaven. But our interest

to turning past, in better, in improving upon the in being I For a lifetime of service | to be seems sometimes habits behind, in leaving ways, new o and devotion to your fel a wish without a will, a wish with resignation, a wish that go could that all is wish we do that about we canII low men, we honor you Iz assumes turning better by be cannot there one is no who back. But

| and offer our toward the ways he should walk, however far he may have walked the wrong way. Without the blessed principle and

possibility of repentance there would be little incentive left it, whether we know it orI Congratulations for any of us—for all of us need

not. And though we cannot go back and begin where we

\ i were, we can begin where we are, wherever we are. No one

and is justified in assuming that a habit that has hold of him is

I i unbreakable or that a poor past performance cannot be imBest Wishes proved. The wish to begin again, the wish to live life over

\ i with what we know now, is a wish that cannot be realized.

There is no turning back to any point or period of the past.

I i But if we can't begin where we were, we can begin where we are, and the memory of a wrong road is blessedly dimmed BOWERS by the reality of being on the right road.I

BUILDING & CONSTRUCTION CO.

1033 So. State—Salt Lake City Jke SnohenJpohen i/i/oral/l/ord FROM temple squarei

Industrial, Commercial and PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, ]ULY 12, 1953 Residential Building

Copyright, 1953 \I o KM K> KW *0- 688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA %Wi

. V".:'. cxe1? - rfC—*J C If?*?". O A

O liO

*r***

I H

Respectfully your bank officers and staff

Mllit First National Bank OF SALT LAKE CITY David O. McKay, President

Orval W. Adams, Executive VicePresident

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Member Federal Reserve System

SEPTEMBER 1953 689 Old Shaymane (Continued from page 688) To A small herd of the animals still ranges the grassy isle in comparative

President freedom. One or two are slain each

year to regulate the size of the herd.

Of late years another small herd of

DAVID O. McKAY buffalo, numbering some fifty animals, has been built up in the Basin

area southeast of Castlegate in Utah.

For Eighty Years Service The animals are left to roam at will, affording the tourist who is fortunate

To His Church... And Fellow Men glimpseenough toof sightthe Oldthe Westrovingas herd,it wasa

in the past.

Our A Pend d'Oreille Indian, Walking

Coyote, was perhaps the first to come to the rescue of his old friend, the

Congratulations buffalo, when it seemed that the last of the shaggy monarchs must soon follow the last of their kind who had vanished along the sundown trail. UTAH SAVINGS AND TRUST CO. He roped two male and two female calves, and from that beginning

started the great AllardPancho and 235 South Main Street Conrad herds of Montana. Over the

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH west, other appreciative persons followed suit, establishing small protected herds; notable being the herd

saved through the efforts of the wife of Colonel Charles Goodnight, earlyday cattle king of the Texas Panhandle. This herd was later sold to

other western ranchers.

In 1905, the American Bison Society, founded by Theodore Roosevelt and others, raised fifty thousand dollars to create the Montana National

Range. Today, other fine herds are

to be found in Nebraska, Oklahoma,

South Dakota, and Yellowstone Park.

What is called the largest private buffalo herd in the world, numbering some 350 animals, has been built up from government ranges, at Independence, Kansas.

No account of the western bison would be complete without mention of the most remarkable story of all that of the last roundup of some four hundred wild Texas buffalo, in 1906, by a picked crew of roughrid- ing cowboys, under the direction of

Owens—the"Buffalo"Joneslatterand "Uncle"a wellknownJimmy

earlytime rancher of Kanab, Utah.

These intrepid riders proposed to drive the wholly unmanageable beasts a full thousand miles, over the

Panhandle of Texas, all of New

Mexico, and the most forbidding country of Arizona, to the craggy hills... ''..:::.:.;:::: '.'.::..: near Prescott. The animals had been

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA purchased from the Goodnight ranch in Texas.

There was purpose behind this dangerous and seemingly foolhardyenterprise. The promoters of the Heritage of Thrift

drive were, in all good faith, planning to establish the first ranch of its kind in the world for the breeding of an entirely new type of beef cattle Much of the strength of our state can be attribcattle of range anda crossbreed its uted to the sound lesson of thrift taught by such rethe buffalo; the cousin,hardier

sulting hybrid to be known as leaders as President David 0. McKay.

"cattalo."The meat of this new kind

of cow, it was anticipated, would Western Loan and Building Company is helping command premium prices.

Unfortunately the scheme was a many Utahns realize the heritage of independence failure, although "cattalo"are now being raised successfully in Canada that results from following the tradition of thrift.

and some parts of the western United

States.

This ambitious venture did, however, introduce bison into Arizona, and from that nucleus a fine herd of freeranging animals has been preserved in the House Rock Valley on the north rim of the Grand Canyon, just below the UtahArizona line one of the last few herds in North

America that is not under fence.

A Sound Savings Institution 45 EAST FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Go Forward

(Concluded from page 634) a land of promise, and whatsoever people shall possess it shall serve the

God of this land, Jesus Christ, or they shall be swept off.

Scouting encourages boys and men to serve their God faithfully. We

feel that Sir BadenPowell had wisdom beyond that of this earth when he conceived this great scouting movement.

We rejoice in the growth of scouting—its noble ideals and concepts

and all that it stands for. We march

forward gratefully with you, our fellow Scouts and scouters, on liberty's team. May the Almighty strengthen

us in our efforts to:

Go forward with you in building strong community foundation, Go forward with you in fostering For his years of world brotherhood, Inspiration to bis followers

Go forward with you in the faith of And exemplary service to mankind our fathers.

Our congratulations on his 80th birthday

May he go forward with us too in To President McKay... with best wishes fori

our consecrated effort to demonstrate Continued good health and great happiness to the world that men under God may live closely together in harmony, peace, and liberty.

I ask this fervently, in the name \t jftdt Jake of Jesus Christ. Amen.

SEPTEMBER 1953 691..

To Blush Unseen (Continued from page 648 MAKE RESERVATIONS "I don't see how I can get out of BALDWIN it now. Miss Afton's gone to get her ELECTRONIC ORGANS bag, and we were coming right over."EUROPEAN John sounded bewildered. "I thought M you'd be tickled to death."THRIFT TOUR

"Just like a man! Mary told her-

.. self. Aloud, she groaned, "Try to Jhidu JalL

give me fifteen minutes."Plan a Delightful

She hung up the receiver and Tour of European while now snatched at the fluffy pile of curtains Countries available. space is

with the same motion. Her anguished

summons brought Pearl and Price on ALL INCLUSIVE the run. TOURS FROM.

"Get this room straightened up!

Now!"she told them with such $705.00

THESE BALDWIN desperation that they flew into acFOR TRAVEL TO

DEALERS tion without a word. k'CALLANY ORDESTINATIONWRITE FOR

curacross the floor, unrolled Rugs are ready to serve you FREE ITINERARY AND TRAVEL furniture wheeled tains flew onto rods, in your own vicinity. and charged into position; ornaments ARRANGEMENTS

Ask for a demonstration. and books appeared on shelves like

living illusions. The magician's to UNIVERSAL minutes with room was straight

UTAH spare. TRAVEL SERVICE

LOGAN Mary ran upstairs. She dashed cold HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

Cache Valley Music Co. water on her face and swiped at it Salt Lake City, Utah

1060 North Main with a towel as she replanned lunch. Phone 5-6552 or 5-5924

Fruit cup, peas and chicken patties

SALT LAKE CITY out of the blessed freezer... there

was just enough ice cream.... John

PalmerWatkins-Clark would have to entertain Miss Afton

Music Company 60 East First South while she and Pearl got out the best silver and china. Mary ran a comb

through her hair on the way to her

SOUTHERN UTAH & NEVADA room. She had reached out to a

J. W. McAllister hanger in her clothes closet when the

St. George, Utah racket broke out in the living room

It was pandemonium in technicolor.

Janey's red coat streaked with a vioIDAHO lent purple that had puddled the rug; beige Janey's freshly cleaned Don H Miss solicitous loud producing mouth IDAHO FALLS

hand dropping a jar chirps—Jack's R. Larsen George of a poisonous green mix as he tried Idaho Falls, Idaho

to detach the halfgrown cat struggling to stay on top of his outraged "JIMMY lungs emitting terrified \99 REXBURG head—Jack's George R. Larsen squawls—Sugar, the spaniel, explod35 College Avenue ing in excited barking at the cat. MOSS

When the door opened, the cat MONTANA madecurtaina andfrenziedclimbed,leap leavingto the nearesta trail DAY BUTTE of green and purple paw prints. Sugar

Len Waters Music Company raced through the puddles of color September 13th 119 North Main Street and leaped against the wall in pursuit to make that surface look like a surrealist's masterpiece. FOR DETAILS WRITE:

BILLINGS "I knew you'd want me to bring 3271 South 5th East

Lindamood Music Company the poor little lost thing home,"c/o Craft House 224 North Broadway Janey explained at the top of her Salt Lake City lungs. "Here, kitty, kitty! Here,

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA kitty, kitty! Sugar, you are a had

dog! Get down!"

"I brought my finger paint to show "It is with pride and pleasure that I can you, Mum,"Jack howled. "And that highly recommend... the Baldwin

old cat made me spill it!"Electronic Organ... after a careful

Mary comforted her sobbing youngstudyof differentand investigationmakes includingof manythe variousorgans est. "Janey, get that cat down, do pipe organs... our committee selected

you hear me?"the Baldwin Organ."

"May I keep it, Mother?"Janey

danced with excitement. "Mother, Music SupervisorMember ofofTetonTetonStakeCountyPresidency.Schools,

may I? Please, Mother!"

Over Jack's head, Mary saw John and Rose Afton standing in the "The Baldwin Organ, Model 10...

doorway. Suddenly she didn't care purchasedus entire fromsatisfaction,you a yearbothago,ashastogivenperthat the place was a madhouse. Let formance and upkeep... fills all our

Rose Afton see them just as they needs admirably."

were. "Hi!"she yelled above the noise. Chairman Instrumental Music,

"Come on in. This isn't a private Utah State Asricultural College

riot. Anybody can join! John, take

Miss Afton up to the spare room.............

When you hear a deep restful silence, "Our young people enjoy playing the come down to lunch."organ... it's easy to play... proven to

Pearl had probably forgotten to yearsbe verysinceeconomicalits installation."during the past two

hang guest towels in the bath room.

And Price probably hadn't had time to get Jack's electric train out of the upstairs hall. But Mary didn't care Bishop Santa Clara Ward

what Rose Afton thought. She was

through putting her best foot forward—unless that suited her natural

gait.

She didn't scold the children. She

outsidehelped Sugar and them get BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGANS cat. thethen rescued soothed and

She shucked Janey out of her paintsmeared clothes and sent her to wash in the basement shower. Then she

and Jack plastered peanut butter Model 5 Model 10 sandwiches and poured chocolate milk for a back yard picnic. She sent THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY CINCINNATI 2, OHIO

Pearl and Price to join the children.

She dropped throw rugs over the BUILDERS OF: BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS HAMILTON VERTICAL AND GRAND PIANOS

puddles of paint and thanked her ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS stars that it would wash up later.

In the kitchen she set a can of home preserved raspberries to boiling and stirred in small, sweet dumplings.

The mouthwatering smell brought

Rose Afton and John into the big, Switch -today to homely room. Mary handed the (congratulations

singer.salad to the bowl

Afton. "Hello, Miss Here, you mix thatsood [President

CDaviJ G. iric9iaU—mostlythe salad wits!"while I snatch at loose ends MORNING

The casserole came bubbling out on uour 8otn yjxnmversary of the oven and tomato juice frosty "MILKout of the refrigerator. The distinguished guest puttered with garlic STANDARD

salt and greens and celery seed. Atthe kitchen table, cheerful with redforninjj SUPPLY COMPANY

checked cloth and blooming geranium, Intermountain Distributors they ate hugely. After her third Electronic Equipment & Supplies

(Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1953 693 THE LOCAL REPRESENTATIVES To Blush Unseen (Continued from preceding page) of helping of raspberry dumpling and cream, Rose Afton groaned and laid

Tne Colorado Fuel & Iron Corporation down"Youhermustspoon.have second sight, Mrs.

Connor. Only why don't I call you

wish to extend their Mary? How did you know I couldn't

endure another company luncheon?"

HEARTIEST CONGRATULATIONS upShewomenshudderedtalkingdramatically.with such "Dressedhorrible

politeness over the best china and to silver; eating fruit cup, chicken patties, frozen peas, and ice cream...

ugh!""Have some more dumplings, Miss David O. McKay Afton,"John urged. "I'm going to

finish it, then. I think Mary was a

on having reached his bit anxious; afraid you wouldn't like

our everyday fare."

EIGHTIETH ANNIVERSARY have"I wisheverydayI werefare luckylike this,"enoughRoseto

Afton said. "Only I'd get disgustingly fat."

Janey and Jack came in then to say that Sugar and the cat had deWe salute a great man who has done much cided to be friends. Mary was proud

of their unfmstered politeness as they with little praise to help Salt Lake City progress and grow said goodbye to Rose Afton and distributed parental kisses. But when

both spiritually and physically. they had gone off to school, she was

not prepared for the singer's next words. "You're a lucky woman, Mary CF&I, expressing its faith in this growing community, is increasing Connor,"Rose Afton said, "and I its capacity to help serve tne needs of Salt Lake City with the opening envy you.""Envy me?"Mary blinked. This

or a modern new warehouse, to he completed in the very near future. famous woman with her beautiful

voice? Wellknown all over the

country? Who brought pleasure to

thousands with her gift of music?

: '''; ':': 'I i* f.* ii I * "I pay a high price for my career,"

the singer said slowly. "Half the

year I'm away from my husband.

Other women—oh, very welltrained

and highly recommended—keep my

house and rear my child."The silence in the homely room was broken

only by the wheeze of the old clock and the purring of the kitten that had climbed to Mary's lap. "I suppose I wouldn't live my life differently

if I could. But you have a better

New Va million dollar life, Mary."

Chicago Termina "Mary once thought she would be a singer,"John began.

The only Utah owned motor carrier operating east and west. "Why, you haven't said a word

back it!"Rose Afton pushed about Direct one line service... energetically and started chair her

San FranciscoOakland to Chicago to the sink with a handful of dishes.

done, work kitchen get the we Inc. "When Lines, Interstate Motor If you're shall sing for me. Mary, you TERMINALS: OFFICES: OTHER MAIN GENERAL

235 West 3rd South Chicago, Denver, Sacramento, good enough I could recommend a Salt Lake City 1, Utah San Francisco, OaklandBerkeley teacher, and I know people—

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Hey, don't start my Mary off on a career, for his reached now!"John NEW DRIPLESS Plastic Sacrament Setwife's just said you'd hand. "You

rather be a small town housewife and with AUTOMATIC LOCKING folding handles yourself."mother

"But talent mustn't be wasted.

Too much is lost as it is through lack of opportunity."Rose Afton was

earnest. "'Many a flower is born to blush unseen,'"Mary quoted smilingly.

No matter what Rose Afton might say about her voice, Mary knew her singing would continue to be the mainstay of the ward choir. And

she knew, too, that she no longer wished it otherwise.

"Only this flower doesn't 'waste its sweetness on the desert air,'

John capped the quotation, his hand tightening on hers.

That earlier decision had been the right one, Mary knew. She wouldn't

be envious of the Rose Aftons again.

Indeed she must be careful that she wasn't smug about having so much Here is the long needed ideal Sacrament Set that practically elimthey. thanmore

the inates problems of inconvenience of dripping water and excessive to blush unseen... '"she "'Born

space. storage

said, "and so glad of it."

Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful appearing plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk White).

Albert E. Bowen Note the large sturdy handles (all handles are Crystal) that auto-

(Continued from page 652) matically lock in place. Handles fold down, out of the way, when not in

homesteading with his eldest brother, use; requiring only 1/3 the space of old type sets.

For Valley, Wyoming. in Star John, Water trays feature a special rim around each individual cup opening their diet was season that entire

mostly venison. as well as around outer edge of tray. This practically eliminates inconDuring his youth, an incessant venience of dripping water. This is a special patented feature.

yearning for knowledge had grown

Since there are no water stains or condensation, Sets are easier to within him, nurtured by his mother and others, and as he neared the age clean and keep clean.

of twenty, after a family council, he... Sets available at the went to Logan to attend Brigham ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY

Young College. There he discovered Presiding Bishop's Office—Salt Lake City—or Order Direct from

that he had to take his high school

Blvd., Inglewood, Cal. subjects as well as his college courses. THE PLASTICAL COMPANY—3575 Manchester

He received his bachelor of arts degree in 1902, after filling his college years with parttime teaching asFOR A LIFETIME Heartiest signments as well as learning. OF

He met Aletha E. Reeder of Hyde LEADERSHIP Konaratvilatlom Park, Utah, whom he married immediately after graduation. Soon AND SERVICE To Our Beloved

call for him, there and was a mission

Our QomymufukdhvL Former small her his wife, with young earnings, helped keep him in GerAND President many and Switzerland. Upon his

return from missionary service, he joined the faculty of Brigham Young DAVID 0. McKAY

College, in Logan. ARCH BROWNING INC. From His Old School

Tragedy struck in 1905 when Sister—Salt Lake Buick Dealer—Bowen died following the birth of 570 SOUTH MAIN STREET WEBER COLLEGE

(Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1953 695 Albert E. Bowen

{Continued from preceding page) twin sons—sons who were to be

reared and to fulfil honorable missions in the same area where their father had served. Eleven years after

the death of his first wife, Elder

Bowen married Emma Lucy Gates, a great artist in her own right.

Meanwhile, in 1911, he had been graduated from the law school of the University of Chicago with the degree of doctor of jurisprudence.

He served as superintendent of the

Cache Stake Sunday School for four years before coming to Salt Lake City to become a law partner of J. Reuben

Clark, Jr., and Preston D. Richards.

He taught some of the religion classes and served some twelve years as a member of the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union.

He was chairman of that board's important missionary training committee.

In January 1935 he was called as general superintendent of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association. He was the first elder not a

member of the General Authorities of the Church, to head a Church

Photo, courtesy Deseret NewsTelegram auxiliary organization. He was sustained at the April 1937 general conference as a member of the Council

of the Twelve. Here he traveled Our Salute

much, as his duties took him to the to stakes and the North American misPresident David 0. McKay sionsAt theof thebeginningChurch.of World War II

a great American and an inspiring Elder Bowen, accompanied by Elder exemplar of the wellbalanced life Harold B. Lee of the Council of the

Twelve, and by Elder Hugh B. Brown

visited military installations and camps all over the country and exerfrom all of us at cised a great influence in the initial

Utah Oil Refining Company ( UTOCO phases of getting the Church servicemen's program underway.

Until several years ago Brother

Bowen was a member of the Church

Our sincere best wishes to expenditures committee and gave valuable financial and legal advice

President to the Church in all of its financial matters and in the building of new

David 0. McKay chapels. He was a member of the

Church auditing committee.

He was one of the champions of welfare program and had the Church W. H. Bintz Co. to advisers the of the been one long

SALT LAKE CITY plan. He had given untiring service

Since 1891 Distributors of Bakery, Resto the Church as a member of the and taurant and Dairy Equipment SupChurch board of education, as a Electrical plies, Refrigeration and

Appliances. trustee of Brigham Young Univer-

(Concluded on page 698) 696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

GOES FORD

From coast to coast folks are swinging to FordAmerica's "Worth More"car. It's worth more when

you buy it—worth more when you sell it!

YOUR CHOICE OF

FULLCIRCLE VISIBILITY! 3 GREAT DRIVES!

ONLY FORD IN ITS FIELD

OFFERS V-8 AND SIX!

NEW WONDER RIDE!

For '53, Ford brings you a car that will "spoil"you for ordinary cars. Take,

for example, Ford's longerlooking, lowerlooking, more massive styling and modern hulltight construction. Take its thick, foam

Fifty Years Forward on the rubber cushions and new Wonder Ride. Never

American Road before has a car offered you so many "Worth

More"features at so modest a price.

THE NEW STANDARD

OF THE AMERICAN ROAD! '53 FORD

... TEST DRIVE IT!SEE IT... VALUE CHECK IT

SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER SEPTEMBER 1953 697 ALBERT E. BOWEN

FOR FINER./ sity, and(Concludedas a directorfrom pageand696)officer of thein allpositionthe earth.of theHisrestoreddeath wasChurchpreseveral institutions with which the

Church is identified. ceded by an illness of more than a

Brother Bowen's life span reached year. His wife, Emma Lucy Gates

from1953—-aOctoberlifetime31,in 1875whichto heJulyspent15, Bowen,him arediedtwoin Aprilsons and1951. sixSurvivinggrandhis time and talents well to strengthen children.

THE CHURCH GROWS

>f- (Continued from page 643) folks'outings, testimonials, parties, fi report shows that in the library are receptions, conventions, funerals, fire88,351 rolls, which is equal to some sides, missionary meetings, priesthood 128,812,300 pages or 429,374 volumes meetings, auxiliary conference meetof three hundred pages each. ings, Sunday Schools, Junior Sunday

High library attendance is an indiSchools, groundbreaking ceremonies, cation of the enthusiasm for this celebrations of various types, bacwork. Another indication is the calaureates, and commencements.

number of new cards being added Everywhere he goes he is called upon to the temple index file—408,461 in to speak, and with President McKay

1951 and 429,950 in 1952. every speech is important enough to

In all of these and in countless warrant preparation. This is attested

other unnamed activities the Presito by the publication by The Imdent of the Church must of necessity provement Era of Gospel Ideals, play a leading role, and one often selections from the discourses of PresiFOR YOUR CHURCH wonders if a person less vigorous and dent David O. McKay, a book of

less blessed than President McKay approximately pages, six hundred Your Church deserves the very could possibly stand up under the filled with the choicest of utterances finest possible, organ music to complement and enrich every demands of his office. the President.

service... so why not investiPresident McKay was not unaware Since becoming President he has

gate Connsonata NOW! No of the nature of the demands made made two trips to Europe, three trips

other organ offers so much. upon the President of the Church to Washington, D. C, one to the

he received when his call, as he 'had Northwest, to two to Arizona, one in or Come Phone for 9-7633 already served in the First Presidency Texas, several to California. and Demonstration. private demon- A for seventeen years. suswas He first the During his of year presistration be can arranged for your tained as a counselor to President dency he traveled fifty well over convenience so give you can...

Heber J. Grant in 1934 and again thousand miles. The second year Connsonata every test. No obligation. as a counselor to President George and a half has been marked by even

Albert Smith in 1945. But the demore frequent journeys. Two of these

mands made upon the President are visits to the national capital were

Daijnes Music increasing every year with the inat the request of government officials creased membership in the Church. to attend important conferences. The

In the days of i 1 1 1 1 T I TTT Joseph Smith south and Mr fFVrrrrrrrrrrTrii T main third to attend was the inauguration 4547a5a.frfate C/fy Brigham NORTH UNIVERSITY, 145 Young probably WASHINGTON PROVOV'2260 BLVD..06DEN almost every of President i I J'! Eisenhower, and

member of the Church could know the of Ezra Taft Benson, who becamealso

President and talk to him personally. Secretary of Agriculture in the PresiToday, since there are well over a mildent's Cabinet with the full approval

lion members, it is physically imand commendation of the First Presipossible for the President to concern dency.

himself with many of the individual His first trip to Europe was for

PIKES PEAR problems, although he does this the purpose of visiting the missions

FLOUR wheneverAlmost hiseverytimemomentand strengthof the allow.Presiandland selectingand on sitesthe continent.for temples inOnEnghis

With FOUR dent's waking hours is filled with second trip, which he has just comExtra Baking Church duties. In the twentynine pleted, he broke ground for the temple

Advantages months that he has been in his high in Switzerland and dedicated the office President McKay has filled new temple site near London.

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS more than two hundred major speakIn Los Angeles in July he addressed 425 West 5th South ing assignments in general conferthe annual meeting of the Boy

Salt Lake City, Utah ences, stake conferences, luncheons, Scouts of America and was given a youth conferences, banquets, old (Continued on page 700) 698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

is less than enough

Forty years ago a fellow who could do a little "figurhigh school called "Why Study Math?"It points

ing"could get by. But that simple old world has out the advantage of getting your math young,

complicated itself so rapidly that the same fellow proves that you can learn math even though you're today would be mathematically illiterate. not a "genius,"demonstrates that math is valuable

As a nation, we're not quite illiterate in mathealthough a youngster may not intend to become a matics—but we're not in good shape either. scientist.

For some reason, our youngsters have been shying We printed half a million of these booklets here away from math in junior high school and in high in Schenectady, turned our back for a couple of school. The United States Office of Education remonths, and found that the whole 500,000 were gone.

ports that only 20 per cent of highschool students are Now we're rushing a second half million for school taking mathematics. opening in the fall.

But research is the pioneer land of America's Meanwhile the author of "Why Study Math?"is

future, and mathematics is the road map of research. working on a sequel, "Math at General Electric,"

If something isn't done soon, our country may find which explains how mathematics is used at General itself feeling its way blindly through a supersonic, Electric in 22 different kinds of jobs.

atomic miracle age, mathematically unarmed for General Electric is interested in helping America's either peace or war. young brains think their way toward successful

Teachers, business leaders, military men got careers. We don't expect to 'sell a single turbine or

pretty alarmed about this loss of mathematical lamp with these two booklets. But perhaps we may

brains. And so, frankly, did General Electric. help light up the road for a boy who, without matheRecently we did something about it. We printed matics, might miss his fair chance to be an Edison or

a booklet for boys and girls in junior and senior a Steinmetz.

(XI CWl /naf 'yoafc ce?uw&nce hzGENERAL ELECTRIC

SEPTEMBER 1953 699.

THE CHURCH GROWS

{Continued from page 698) versity of Utah and Temple Universpecial citation and the silver buffalo, sity, and doctor of humanities from SAVED highest award of that organization, Brigham Young University.

for his outstanding service to youth. Since he has become President,

(See August Era.) Further recogniPresident McKay has delivered some

tions that have come to him were twentyfive funeral sermons. He has

honorary1951—doctordegreesof lettersawardedfrom thehimUniin made thirtysix(Continueddedicatoryonprayerspage 702)in 15%

ON FIRE INSURANCE mm:.

for thousands of owners::: >'

of "Preferred Risk"Properties. Lyn Lomina Liode...

CAN YOUR PROPERTY QUALIFY? Richard JL Evans

Free inspection will tell. Ask

your General of America agent or broker—or inquire for the

name of our agent nearest *\\7e remember as youngsters that there was much magic you. 49 East First South, Salt in a magnet—and carefully we would push nails toLake City 1, Utah. Tel. 47717. ward it, or other objects of iron, to see at just what point

the magnet's pull would snap the approaching object to itself. But the moment we discovered that point, it was too

late to pull back. We found that we had to stop somewhere short of the magnet's effective field if we didn't want

the pull to be completed. There are other things in life

like that. Sometimes we make unsafe assumptions. We

SEefe'maysomethingassumeandthatstillwepullare awaystrongfromenoughit whento comewe wantclose to.to

We may assume that we are strong enough to swim against the undertow, that we are strong enough to free ourselves

It is easy to buy from the whirlpool. Sometimes we seem to be even as the

foolish child who pushes his finger toward the whirling always blade. know him do it we do not What makes national Bibles fan

spirit foolishness? curiosity? the sheer ignorance?

for any purpose venture? Call it what we will, the fact remains thatof ifad-a

person proceeds too far in any dangerous direction he is going to find the point at which he is too close. We may

assume that we can sample forbidden things with safety, that we can expose ourselves to danger and not be in danger, that we can approach unsafe situations and draw away when we want to; but history and experience and a long

because you can list of disappointed people have proved that it simply isn't choose from 32 so. It simply isn't safe to try to find the last point which

different styles—a person can approach and still save himself. It isn't safe

features with that to assume that we can play with an evil without paying a fit every that need arises—all lovingbitter price, or that we can live carelessly without being

ly bound by craftsmen proud of called to account. The cliff we don't want to fall over we

their handiwork! From $2 to $25 shouldn't approach the edge of, for we never know when

wherever fine Bibles are sold.. the edge will crumble. We never know when an accident

will happen, but we do know that it is less likely to happen if we don't crowd danger too closely, if we "keep out of tight places."What should be avoided should be altogether

avoided. What we don't want to happen, we shouldn't

invite to happen. It simply isn't safe to tempt temptation. national bibles

BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION

,:::: S::Sja:SS:::j:

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA [ Jke \J>poken VX/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

YE KING'S REST MOTEL PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 526 5TH SOUTH STREET Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner SYSTEM, JULY 19, 1953 Copyright, 1953

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout 700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. With sincere pleasure and admiration, the Rio Grande joins Olir p COre YecirS

the members of his Church and the American community in congratulating President David O. McKay on his 80th

Birthday Anniversary.

The Rio Grande shares with President McKay a growing satisfaction in the sound growth of the mountain empire.

The ideals of religious freedom, community devotion, and hard work on which the Utah Commonwealth was founded, are today reflected in a community pride and a Church known and respected the world around. President McKay's

inspiration and leadership provide members of his Church and the mountain area with a firm foundation in the future.

The Rio Grande, built to serve the people of Colorado andandTlaree... Utah 83 years ago, shares in this belief It, too, enjoys with

President McKay, a vigorous determination that this area shall continue to grow and prosper.

SEPTEMBER 1953 701

The Church Grows countries. All of a Education—nine states(Continuedand twofromforeignpage 700)

These included the dedication of the

Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge, sadden, you're a A thirty stake and ward chapels and branch buildings, the nurses'home at the L.D.S. Hospital, site for the wonderful cook!

Free California mission home on the Los

Angeles temple grounds, the Los AnPeople's geles temple grounds, Primary Children's Hospital, and the Joseph Standing monument. Dedications have

Best been made in Utah, Texas, California, Oregon, Idaho, Georgia, Arizona, Nevada, Nebraska, Germany,

Investment and Scotland.

During this time three new Apostles have been selected, a new PrePresi- congratulates State Utah Bishopric, siding four assistants and the ven cook better best cooks Tp his birthday 80th dent on McKay -*-i of the to the Council Twelve. A new.. his Ac'cent. with for of support. thanks him but It's amazing

his general of the presidency education has. acknowledges Primary true that this new

tribute considers that the.. USAC presimission been named, and many flavor magnifies in every fostering the of democratic way "thirddish—andshaker"

of life its main function. dents have been selected. Also, two what a break for those lowbudget

"Education... our greatest temple presidents have been set dishes

need... a characterbuilder

statebuilder"... said President... apart. Ac'cent is the pure monosodium

McKay. In addition to all of this, Presiglutamate that so many recipes call

Our L.D.S. Institute of Religion dent McKay must be concerned with for these days. It's the new miracle

students encourages to weave into the of business dayto-day running that brings seasoning out thenatural all activities their the good way the Church, has a job which grown. of life repreflavors already President in foods McKay.. yet adds

to proportions. a enormous has sents. He of in no flavor meats, its own... V V constant stream of people would who fish, vegetables, poultry, gravies.. of a construction 195354

like to see of him, the members buildscience agricultural. salads. new and

dormitory men's ing new student Union... Just try it! You'll be a wonderful of enjoyment... a new

... ways in which Utah State, cook—all of a sudden!

with the help of State and National leaders, invests in education—a free people's best investment.

Fall Registration

SEPTEMBER 2426 Utah State qood&

Agricultural College

Logan, Utah *T. M. property of International Minerals <tr Chemical Corp.

lillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

The LUXWOOD ALL PURPOSE HARD FOLDING MIRRORLIKE TABLE TOP Resists Heat and all Liquids

Easy To Handle So Low Built Quality In BANQUET Service... for Longer

Cost DETAILS WRITE FOR NOW! and other Too! sizes

Manufactured Exclusively by The JAMES P. LUXEM CO.

3351 Lincoln Street, Franklin Park, Illinois

Architect's drawing of the East Ensign

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Ward Chapel.

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church and nonmembers. He sees

the ones he can, and the others areof necessity turned away disappointed. For a Better Job...More Pay

The list of "important and interesting"people kept by his secretary, attend LDS Business College

Clare Middlemiss, since he became it?

President, runs well over one hundozen difdred, from two more than of FALL QUARTER starts September 8th countries.ferent names The

former President Harry S. Truman, New students can register right now.

the Honorable Dwight D. EisenLEARN...

hower, Adlai E. Stevenson, and the Typewriting Shorthand (eosyto-learn HySpeed

late Robert A. Taft are on the list. Longhand or Gregg Simplified)

But although all of the President's Accounting English Office Machines time could be taken up by "imporMany other subjects tant"people, in his sincere, gracious, FREE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE and lovable way, he never passes up Available to advanced L.D.S. students. Write or call

an opportunity to greet a group of Prifor further information. Attend your CHURCH school.

mary children or to speak to a JuniorSunday School. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

And with all of this President

McKay is president of the Beneficial BBSWBSS COLLEGE Branch nlViLife Insurance Company, Utah First SALT LAKE CITY I "rl l-flln 70 NORTH MAIN

National Bank, Zion's Savings Bank and Trust Company, Heber J. Grant

and Company, Zion's Securities

Corporation, Layton Sugar Company,

Z.C.M.I., Hotel Utah, Utah Home

Fire UtahInsurance Company, senior or a few pennies Idaho Sugar Company. He is

editor of The Improvement Era, a member of the executive board of the

Great Salt Lake Council of the Boy honorary of America, and Scouts

Rotary of the Club. a day an extension Salt Lake member

All of these organizations and institutions take some of his time.

Dresident David O. McKay is the telephone

marvel of all who know him. Although he has had two brief periods

of sickness since he became President, he is in good health. He stands saves time

tall and straight. His eyes are bright,

his handshake firm, and his smile contagious. He is loved, respected,

all revered by and who know him, saves steps the Church, unnumand throughout t bered prayers for our beloved leader The Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Company and prophet are uttered daily. May

to permit Father our in heaven him... SALE mouldedUnbreakable ANGELES LOS FOR HOME

I wife and are grown, that our children my for glass. Now Lightforward the guide to Church look like many J healthful, this to enjoy like family another free. noise weight, f English to wellbuilt, 8-room years come. Ecowouldcultural and atmosphere

height. Standard nomical. lot be corner front) (west Large home. Farmhouse

Order from your dealer. tween Wilshire and Santa Monica Blvds,; near your

shops, Village Churches, Westwood other Temple, new OFFER SPECIAL tiled 2 3 bedrooms; high schools. U.C.L.A. grade and

all fireplace, Mail $1.00 lot of furnpee, for trial gas 2-car garage, bathrooms,

one dozen sent postpaid. plategliss windows, terraced front lawn and

trees. Presyard sprinkler and shade system, fenced

55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. now but offered over $35,000 cost ent replacement

to right party at substantial discount and liberal terms. Write for complete details to: OWNER,

DRINK St,RoomBeverly202, CommerceHills, California.Bldg., 407 Commercial Center

ficq A delightful for those THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hot beverage who don't drink coffee. 12 issues $2.50

AT YOUR GROCERS SEPTEMBER 1953 703 Melchizedek

Birthday Greetings

Greetings to President David O. McKay: is with reverent thought and deep feeling that

It we express to you our best wishes for a happy in forth life, of the Twelve, brethren of the Council have gone birthday. In your you Your

hearts to the sincerity, appeal an making of anniversary the eightieth your humble on this of men with words inspired of God. The rich

birth, express to you their united love and and the poor, the great and lowly have come out fellowship. We hope the Lord will bless you of darkness into light as you have spoken. Huwith health and strength that you may accomplish man conduct has been won to better issues, which

has meant the cultivation of righteousness in the all the work that is, or may be, assigned to you life and activity of mankind. You have truly

in your high and holy calling. shown how the divine revelation of the Savior

We assure you that our faith and prayers hasthat openedyou havethe givenway tous God.is thatAndthereanotheris no othertruth

ascend daily in your behalf. line of influence in this world except in behalf of

May the Lord bless and protect you, we humbly ideals. Your perfect condition of health and

great faith have given you the desire to do God's pray, will that the mainalways remember We Sincerely your brethren, will.

lies of in the nobility spring your of your power

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE aims, the fervor of your convictions, and in the stainless rectitude of your life. By these you have

gained the confidence and love of the people and all who have come to know you. May your day

be happy as you look to the future.

President Your brethren, THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY ctfZjrggJfi

President

Mekhizedek Priesthood Quorum and Group Projects

Quorum Projects projects are quoted from the Melchizedek transportation for members of the quoPriesthood Handbook, page 79: rum and their families, or for widows

to stake conferof quorum members, in the to assisting In addition bishop's ences, socials, to quorum and to priesthood program, quorums 'embersquorums—elders,of Melchizedekseventies,Priesthoodand storehouse

if these individuals live in of meetings for projects purpose establish the subject high to the may priests—areM'ward

raising carry to distant places. which on their funds with Also, of the makingcall of the the respective bishops of

to carry rehabilitation on and quorum work priesthood lesson material quorum a of materials productionwards for the ecclesiastical administrative such work and course project. home reading is a good proin theto be used Church welfare field. in missionaries the as maintaining

gram. Such projects will help build up priesthood The athletic program of the Melchizedek

quorums. Priesthood should be included among

In addition to assisting with the welthe projects of quorums. Likewise, the

fare program, it is advisable for MelThere are numerous nonfund raisquorum presidencies are advised to chizedek Priesthood quorums to carry ing projects which would supply an teach all of the men in their particular activity unlimited projects of almostforward designed amount quorum the proper quorums perform way to resultingspecifically in activity members, to provide quorum for quofor their the priesthood ordinances, such as instances personal development well as in and members in somerum as blessing the sick and performing if projects the strengthening funds.to supply of the quorums, These quorum

are to be supervised by the quorum these projects were put into operation; baptisms and confirmations. Genealogpresidencies. The following instrucfor example, the nonfund raising ical and temple projects are worthy

tions regarding quorum fundraising projects might include the providing of undertakings for priesthood quorums.

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

Some of the members, who are otherefforts should be put forth continually The Melchizedek Priesthood Handwise in good standing, have not had by quorum presidencies to discount book, page 51, gives the following intheir wives and children sealed to the concept erroneously held by some structions relative to group funds and them. The quorum presidency would that the group constitutes the priesttheir disbursements:

render an invaluable service by havhood unit. Priesthood holders should

ing as a project the goal of all quobe taught that a quorum, not a group, fundEveryto quorumincome shouldyieldingbuildquorumup a projects,quorum rum members being sealed to their constitutes a priesthood unit and that contributions, assessments or other cofamilies. Special attention to the servthere is always strength in unity. Thus, operative means. Such a fund should alof at as the disposal the be a quorum ways icemen's effort program project for every possible is a major should be exerted

. of expenditures. meeting quorum means every quorum. presidencies should of Emphasis priesthood by the be quoof president the the Neither.nor. quorum

placed not only on the letter writing rums to develop quorum consciousness his counselors, nor quorum members are and sending newspapers and magazines in the minds of Melchizedek Priestauthorized to use money belonging to the to quorum members who are away from hood holders. quorum fund. Every expenditure for quoof the vote the funds should be upon of home but also on sending gospel

necessarily to details, as but rumquorum—not tracts. of Preparation illusQuorum Funds to graphs in general. should be quorum made The

trate quorum statistics constitutes anOne of the bestknown ways to deaware of every proposed project and exother good project. Writing of a quovelop quorum consciousness, unity, and penditure and be party to it by voting for

rum history should also be considered strength is to place the proceeds or it. Then the actual draft upon the quorum

as a worthy project. Obtaining newsprofits made from quorum projects, as fundssigned shouldby the bequorummadepresidentupon anand orderprepaper and other publicity for quorum well as those accrued from group ferably also by his two counselors.

activity should likewise be listed among projects within quorums, in a common the projects for every quorum. There quorum fund; therefore, the instrucGeneral Rules Regarding Quorum

are numerous other functions which tions of the General Authorities are for Funds would constitute good quorum projects all Melchizedek Priesthood quorums which might be mentioned, but each throughout the Church to handle their A few general rules regarding quorum presidency should provide its own list funds according to this method. The funds should be kept in mind. First:

according to the quorum needs. disbursement of these funds is to be quorum presidencies are the authorized

The 1952 reports indicate that there made by the presiding officers (or presireceivers and custodians of all quorum were 2872 Melchizedek Priesthood quodencies) of the quorums for general funds. Second: all proposed expendirum projects in the Church at that quorum purposes. tures before being made should be pretime. Individual groups are instructed not sented to the quorum for approval.

to accumulate group funds, separate Third: the actual draft upon quorum

Group Projects from quorum funds, to be used for funds should be signed by at least two

In many stakes in the Church, Melgroup purposes. Experience has proved of the quorum officers. Fourth: all

chizedek Priesthood quorums are comdefinitely that in cases where such has funds collected for special purposes and posed of two or more groups living in been the case there was a general also quorum allotments for the welfare different wards. The 1952 reports intendency toward the weakening of the program should be spent for the purdicate that there were 1607 Melchizedek quorums, and numerous cases could be poses for which said funds were raised.

group projects in the Church last year. cited wherein disharmony and actual Fifth: if surplus funds accumulate, they

Thus, nearly thirtysix percent of the disunity of quorums were brought about may be disbursed by vote of the quoMelchizedek Priesthood projects were as a result of groups having their inrum.

conducted dividual group level. on the funds These administered a group on Funds for the Support of

projects should be conducted the basis. Since under funds handling a group on Missionaries

direction of the quorum presidencies, basis results in establishing the group, are subject to quorum jurisdiction, and instead of the quorum, as the unit, such Priesthood quorums throughout the the proceeds from them should go into a practice, if it now prevails, should Church which have surplus funds, as a common quorum fund. be discontinued. well as individual Church members,

In cases where Melchizedek groups are invited to send contributions to the belonging to the same quorum have First Presidency to be used in helping projects, the quorum presidency should "DESTINY"to defray the expenses of local fulltime all arrange for groups particular in that foreign missionaries spend who can By Robert A. Palmer

to projects, have in order quorum full that their missionary time in foreign opportunities for work may be equally f wasn't born to build highways service but are not able to supply the distributed and the proceeds equally * Or scale mountains means for their support. Of course

shared. Experience has proved that by I wasn't made to thrill the multitude with the Church policy is today, as it has

following such a policy Melchizedek Or paintsong for posterity to see. always been, for missionaries to pay

Priesthood quorums become unified and I didn't come to this world to woo mankind their own expenses, if possible, while strengthened. With great talents all my own. rendering missionary service for the

a smile God gave me to sent funds Church. quorum The Developing Consciousness sorrowful, the Quorum cheer To First contributions or Presidency the

life's cheerful laugh to brighten path. A

of the individual All Melchizedek Priesthood by members made love plentiful taught supfrom his functions He me should be conducted with the desire ply. Church are used only in exceptional

that quorum unity be strengthened and God let me feel his tender touch, cases of dire necessity for local misothers sympathy. I might That show sionaries are in foreign consciousness parahomes become whose quorum

soul within burned He my for missionaries missions, not of priesthood from and the minds mount in to willingness serve A holders. In order to achieve this goal, And gave me happiness divine! the stakes of Zion.

SEPTEMBER 1953 705 | =e=t * L = <S v*k 1 JL..ThePresiding

Challenging Record Ward Teachers to leach as Prompted by the Spirit

'"Peaching the gospel in this Church is firmly anchored in truth, having an a sacred duty. Those who accept abiding faith in God, a knowledge of

this responsibility are expected to teach the fundamental doctrines of the as they are directed by the Spirit. Ward Church, an unwavering testimony of the

teachers are no exception. gospel, and a sincere desire to teach as

Paul emphasized the importance of prompted by the Spirit.

this quality in successful teaching: The Lord, speaking to Joseph Smith

in this dispensation, gave further direcAnd I, brethren, when I came to you, tion to those who would teach:

came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony... teach the principles of my gospel,

of God. which are in the Bible and the Book of

For I determined not to know any thing Mormon, in the which is the fulness of the among you, save Jesus Christ, and him gospel.

crucified. And they shall observe the covenants and

shall articles to these them, church do and preaching was speech and And my my their teachings, directed as shall they be be of wisdom, man's enticing words with KAY DON CHRISTENSEN not Spirit. the by of Spirit of and the in demonstration but

Spirit shall the given you be unto And power:

if faith; receive of the prayer ye and by

Kay Don has never been absent from That your faith should not stand in the not the Spirit ye shall not teach. (D. & C.

a priesthood or sacrament meeting, wisdom of men, but in the power of God. 42:1214.)

Sunday School or Y.M.M.I.A. since he (I Cor. 2:1-2, 4-5.)

was ordained a deacon seven and oneThe outlines in the "Study Guide and half years ago. He has been an elder In the same epistle, Paul stressed the Report Book for Ward Teachers"have

the past six months and his perfect need for teachers to stand out as beabeen prepared to provide proper subject attendance record continues. cons: matter as the basis of the discussion

Kay Don is the son of J. Auraul and For if the trumpet give an uncertain with the family. However, maximum

Naomi Christensen, Preston Sixth Ward, sound, who shall prepare himself to the success can only be achieved when ward

Franklin (Idaho) Stake. battle? (Ibid., 14:8.) teachers, through humility, rely on the

The Presiding Bishopric invites each spirit for inspiration and guidance in young man of Aaronic Priesthood age Ward teachers, therefore, should be their teaching.

with a perfect attendance record for two years or more to submit his photograph and a record of his activities for publication.

WEST POCATELLO STAKE HONOR

MOTHERS AND SONS

Proud mothers, West Pocatello (Idaho)

Stake, sit in front of their sons, who were given deserved recognition for perfect attendance records at priesthood and sacrament meetings. Records in excess of one

year are indicated.

Left to right, mother and son: Mrs. Harle

Reed and DeLoy, 2; Mrs. Carl Belnap and

Varr, 3, and Keith, 3; Mrs. Fred Parrish

and Rodney; Mrs. Lawrence Potter and

LaMar, 2; Mrs. Dallas Parr and Reed; Mrs.

Robertson andHomer Jay; Mrs. Robert E. RIVERDALE STAKE BEGINS WITH EMPHASIS ON AARONIC PRIESTHOOD WORK

2. Therral,Dye and

perfect record a with Woodland, James place to immediately began 1952, 30, organized Stake, (Utah) November Riverdale The his mother, years,for were two and Aaronic of three hundred this gathering as witness Priesthood Aaronic work too emphasis on left to in the Robertfar photo. included be presidency. stake of guests the leaders their as banquet bearers Priesthood and

Smith, Sundel, RobertDahmar, Wayne of the banquet. serving the followed variety program spicy A present their not mothers whenand were

the photograph was taken. Bishop Carl W. Buehner, counselor in the Presiding Bishopric, was the featured guest

speaker of the evening.

'.XX:-":5 *v"-'j* mm

'i *X fk "'\ $ / Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

"fr 4MiMfr)4H$>HJHtH{ngH|n|njt4t Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 4*<t4"frMt"S4*<l'fr*!&

*4 ** * \JiAr Jftpute to * Confidences Considered f* President David O. McKay As Sacred Trusts

* President David O. McKay **4 "Cwery effective leader of boys has, at

is preeminently the comone time or another, experienced posite of all we expect to *4 that sacred moment when a boy bares 444** 4 see in the best of men. his soul and confides in his leader.

Without reservation, we There is a tremendous responsibility imhonor this mighty prophet, posed in such disclosures. Then and

seer, and revelator, this great there the stage is set for either securing presiding high priest, who is a lasting friendship or destroying one.

leader himself determines which The the living oracle of the Lord * it will be.

Christ. 4*44* Jesus friendship of can long No bonds years in the school Eighty of confidences. betrayal the withstand

* of life have so leavened his A person who does not consider concharacter as to make it synonfidences as sacred and inviolable is unof the treasured blessings of ymous with everything of 44 worthy good report or praiseworthy. friendship. Any person who cannot,

The eloquency of his words or who does not, keep confidences will is sustained in the becoming very soon have no confidences to keep.

is especially important in our *4***4** dignity of his every act. He This

dealings, as in the boys leaders, with *4*4 to do that which no man * asks is Priesthood. Aaronic who One himself. he does His not do

example is worthy of the * worthy of confidences will never be- 4*** tray them.

closest emulation by all.

There seems to be no time 4 forIf instance,others, hisshouldparentsbeor includedthe bishop,in when President McKay is not such confidential disclosures, work it at his best. He is never less out with the boy, show him how such

great than he has been. He is ever greater than he was before. extension will prove a blessing to him.

is progressive, forward looking, indomitable. He is not vainly If you secure his agreement that others **4*444 He

proud, but the pride of his righteous heart beats out, in holy be informed, he will forever respect as one can be and look you to you who * life. the increasing rhythm, of the tempo abundant 4 if trusted. go ahead and Whereas, you all the plateaus of life where an eminence today on He stands

are easily brought into focus before him. He leads as a prophet; tellconsent,others,afterwithoutyou havehis givenknowledgeyour wordand

*44 he seesPresidentas a seer;McKayhe counselsis as muchas a atrevelator!ease in the presence of the ofhowhonormuchthatgoodyoudo willyou thinkkeep hisyou trust,will

little ones. as in the of God's he is company have harm? much done—how

respects him. ones him; everyone great admire 4*4 world'sChildrenmightylove him; actions, well your your word Guard The warmth of his greeting, the depth of his friendship, the *4 of honor, if you would be trusted by

smile of his approval, his handshake, are succor to the soul. 4* boys.

As the Presiding Bishopric, we thank our heavenly Father *4*** for President David O. McKay. We pray for many happy returns

of the day which marks the eightieth anniversary of his birth. We

pray it may please our Lord to spare him to the Church, the Cottage Meetings for Priests years for to come. the world and many *4 Saints,

his great his bless and mind body God f4* may respond to the sensitive will of his invinciblethat their spiritevery asfacultylong HpHEIndividualninth requirementAaronic Priesthoodfor the as he lives. Award specifies that a priest must

speak in two or more cottage 44* The Presiding Bishopric meetings for priests during the year. 4 It should be clearly understood that these addresses are in addition to "one or more public addresses in a Church meeting"as 44**444*44 set forth under requirement number six.

SEPTEMBER 1953 707 IRIS PARKER Editor

Favorite Sunday Night Supper

Norma P. Anderson

Norma P. Anderson

if sugar. Sister of the a syrup water and Make Anderson went

to grapefruit break Beat well Cool. up a box of her famousMeethousewife,Sister ChurchNorma womanAnderson,expartialalong withoutfailure

traordinary. How she finds time chocolate eclairs. sections. Add syrup and maraschino

in a twentyfour-hour day for all her It would be a delight to join the cherries cut into small pieces. Freeze

baking, knitting, cleaning, gardening, hospitable and gracious Joseph W. tohalfmush.full. AddFill asherbertlittle gingerglassesaleaboutand

neighboring, and churchgoing reAndersons around the dinner table serve with small piece of frosted mint mains a mystery to those who try to some evening. You would be wel- (dip sprig of mint into granulated

keep pace with her, but she manages come almost any night except Sunsugar). Serves about eight.

and is serene and lovely through it day—that's "family night"when Sisall. ter Anderson entertains her sisters Cheese and Ham Sandwich Souffle

First of all, Sister Anderson is a and their families or the Andersons 4 slices of white bread, buttereddevoted wife and mother—and all the dine at Aunt Vi's or Aunt Mildred's. 4 slices of whole wheat bread, buttered

other charming, generous, womanly Of course it isn't possible for all of 4 slices cheese traits that endear her to all who us to enjoy a meal prepared by Sister 4 slices ham know her seem to follow as a matter Anderson. It would take some two 3 eggs

of course. thousand years for her to entertain 3 cups milk

As a cook, her most enthusiastic all those who might read this article Y2 cup grated cheese cheering section is composed of the (if she invited a group of us each dash of paprika members of her family, which inweek) so let's do next best and share Place one slice of cheese and one of clude her husband, Elder Joseph W. in her favorite Sunday night supper ham on each slice of white bread. Then

Anderson, secretary to the First Presimenu: top with whole wheat bread. Arrange

casserole. buttered eggs in well Beat childrendency; Bette (Mrs. V. W. slightly, milk, sandover pour add and Frosted Grapefruit (or Pineapple)Peterson), Robert, Elaine; her and J. wiches. Sprinkle grated cheese with Cocktail*father, Peterson, E. ninety- D. Hugo of paprika. in Place casserole and pan Cheese and Souffle* Sandwich Ham of yearsthree his age, has made who 350 F. at until water hot bake and Tossed Salad Green with French for the with past Andersons the firm. Serve sprighome parsley. with of Dressing

sixteen years; and her niece, Marie Fruit or melon in season, with Filled This dish is better if made in the

Zobell, also a member of the family. Cookies* or a Chocolate Eclair* morning and refrigerated until time to

Then there are five small grandLemonade or other beverage bake. One half hour should be added

children who know there is something to baking time if this method is used.

It is a extra recipe to add that goodgala (or Pineapple) about even "a snack"at Mommy Frosted Grapefruit diet. egg the family's to milk and CocktailNorm's.

servings. to 6 4 Makes

benefit also Neighbors and friends 1 cup water the generosity cookingfrom and Filled Cookies sugar cup skill Y2 Sisterof Anderson, somehow who 1 No. 2 can grapefruit (or crushed Filling:

finds that deliver concoct and pineapple, adding cups raisins or chopped dates juice of 1 lemon) \y2surprise of loaf bread, a plate 10 to timegift—ato 12 maraschino cherries sugar \ l/2 cupsof cookies, of light or her one and ginger ale

luscious sponge cakes. Members of

the general boards of the M.I. A.

would feel as if an institute were a *Recipes included in this article.

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3 tablespoons flour 1 cup boiling water 1 cup nut meats Combine sugar and flour. Then add

raisins or dates and nut meats and boiling water. Cook three minutes or

until thick. Cool.

Cookies: 1 cup butter or substitute 1 cup sugar 1 egg 3 cups flour—plus

3 teaspoons baking powder Y2 teaspoon salt 3/4 cup milk 1 teaspoon vanilla Cream shortening and sugar. Add

unbeaten egg and beat. Add vanilla YOU MAKE FEWER TRIPS when moving

and milk alternately with flour, salt, dirt or mulch about the yard, for the and baking powder which has been Poppy Barrow holds a full SVz cu. ft.

sifted together. Roll very thin on well heaped. Stands up under the load, too,

Place rounds. into cloth and cut floured yet... strong steel of it's built because rounds. of half filling on teaspoon in tucks use, away not in light. When press and rounds remainingTop with

edges together. Bake at 375 F. 12 to small 2'x 2'corner.

15 minutes.

The above cookie recipe is a prize winner. During World War II a cooking school was held at the Hotel Utah.

The women of Salt Lake City were IT'S EASY TO MOVE PLANT FLATS, for asked to bring some of their favorite your Poppy Barrow carries four at a distributed to be school to the cookies see, handle. it's to You easy time. And

here. The stationed servicemen to the ball- a its on work through it glides servicemen the by judged were cookies big, wide a features wheel... bearing selected by filled was cookie this and lawn. into your dig will never tire that choice. one their number as them

Sister Anderson was presented with a bond as an award.

Chocolate Eclairs OTHER HOUSEHOLD CHORES ARE A

Cream Filling: CINCH when you put your Poppy Bar-

2 cups milk row to work. It makes an ideal cement

3 tablespoons cornstarch mixing trough and is also tops as a bar- 2 tablespoons flour becue. Just add a couple inches of sand

2/3 cup sugar and a steel grill, and your Barrow's ready 3 egg yolks or 2 whole eggs to sizzle up some really tasty steaks.

y2 teaspoon vanilla pinch of salt 1 cup whipped cream

enough add ingredients and dry Mix rest NEW BLACK HANDLED TOOLS MAKE the Scald a paste. to make milk

of the milk and add paste carefully. GARDENING EASIER, TOO

Stir constantly until thickened. Cook They're stronger, thanks to a new grain hardeneggs beaten with Blend 10 minutes.... have looking better they're ing process. And

all the stirring minute, one cook and in with that blend handles white black and whipped vanilla and Cool, add time. suregrip, their for You'll Living. go Western cream.

too... won't twist or slip in your hands.

Eclairs: 1 cup water Y2 cup butter or substitute 4 eggs y2 teaspoon salt UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS \ 1 cup unsifted flour DIVISION Heat fat and water. Add flour and UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION

salt and stir until mixture forms a ball. 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

Remove from heat and cool slightly.

a time, beating eggs, one at beaten Add addition. Shape ":J---MffM:rilS::&MW:.--'''- ':'.::'after each thoroughly

(Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1953 709 KNOW YOUR IDS COOKS

(Continued from preceding page) so beautiful stoles for her family and into eclairs, 4 by 1-inch strips on greased friends.

baking sheet two inches apart. Bake She has always kept a beautiful and

at 400 F. for 30 minutes. Reduce heat orderly home and isn't averse to taking

to 300 F. and continue to bake until up a paint brush if she feels the lack

eclairs are dry. When done, split of sparkling color somewhere in the

lengthwise and fill with cream filling. house. Along with it all she has found

Cover tops with chocolate icing. time for ten years'service on the

Y.W.M.I.A. general board. Mutual

Icing: workers throughout the Church are

1 square unsweetened chocolate familiar with her inspired contributions 2 tablespoons butter in the Gleaner, Junior Gleaner, and 3 tablespoons cream or canned milk Speech departments.

2 cups confectioner's sugar (approx.) Elder Anderson, a quiet man, is loud

THEY DISAPPEAR LIKE MAGIC, y2 teaspoon vanilla in his praise of his wife for her devoIT SEEMS, IN MOST FAMILIES! Melt chocolate and butter over hot tionHer generalto her family,board dutieshome, mayand takeChurch.her

Because Homemade Jams water. Add cream and enough sifted away from home for a week at a time,

confectioner's better than so taste much iceleaves she but a wellstocked always less, (Cost buy. any you to consistency sugarspread—aboutto make twothe cups.right box, box, bread and cookie jar, and dewith too!) now, And

well. Beat M.C.P. pendable AND JAM last to so during absence, her menus

can you PECTIN, JELLY little that Elaine have and Marie or the jams, regular either cooked make have you HPhere AnNorma it—Sister jams. M.C.P. uncooked amazing new in trouble preparing the wholesome,

"tops"are simply Jams favorite M.C.P. Uncooked night supSunday appetizing to the family meals which for, cooking color) without flavor (and in for recipes her of some own the "flavorguard"per—andderson's ALL boiling, you and is accustomed.

fruit sugar, less flavor. fruit and dishes. fresh this Use the while Try out menu It's little that Anderwonder Joseph batches, is small for best too. This method still It's the a special weather warm. refrigerin the kept these jams be must as find of the son these even would words

... oh, color, flavor ator. treat though For and anytime. then—oris poet inadequate Laboratory, Kitchen the M.C.P. (Write boy!

for Calif., the uncooked M.C.P. Anaheim, isn't Sister Cooking Anderson's only

not in they're so they're recipes; new jam

skill. artistic of "lis joy to him that toils, when toil is all types in does the pectin She the folder package.)

the kept on can be M.C.P. Cooked Jams o'er, lovely crocheting,

. handwork—knitting, the but shelf cooking necessary pantry

find waiting, full of happy home To lace, hairpin point. needle does shelf.. possible that storage rugs, and makes

flavor fruit fresh of loss comsome cause things. fifth just finishing her large She is

the the jams. Even with uncooked pared

shortest boils cannot "flavorguard"this afghan, and she has made a dozen or 1Euripides, Electra.

difference!

You Can Be Sure of this—dependable

assures successful M.C.P. PECTIN results

every time... whether you make cooked

or uncooked jamsl

YOU NEVER SAW SUCH BEAUTIFUL

JELLY... AND SO EASY TO MAKE! Let's Enrol in Seminary

More Jelly, too... when

you use the unique M.C.P. juicepressing method that By Frank TV. McGhie

gives you twice as much juice (and, thus, double jelly) the ever than before II ideals the an exsemi- World standards which and had War the from same amount of During fruit! this And, juice is so student of spotted nary of result by the part was become him as a

fully clarified that, using M.C.P. JAM AND JELLY PECTIN, you're writer on the front row of a Waiseminary and other auxiliary trainclearest, sure of the loveliest jellies you kiki Ward Sunday School class. He ing in which he had been faithful. ever saw. For this remarkable juicepres-

the sing method (and special M.C.P. Jelly was known as an outstanding young The boy had been placed in the

it Set to Making use with), send $1.00

(cash or stamps) and 3 M.C.P. PECTIN man who had been a credit to the home of one of the leading citizens

package fronts Laboratory, Anaheim, to theCalif.M.C.P.You'llKitchenmore seminary in which he had been enof that country behind the iron curthan get your money back in extra jelly rolled and by all of the auxiliary ortain, and because of his apparent

when you make your first batch! ganizations where he had been active. superior training and education he

YOU'LL FIND DOZENS OF WAYS he writer, who was teaching the class was asked to be a teacher and tutor

TO USE IT THE YEAR 'ROUND! that morning, called the young man of the family of the premier. The

ik Almostfor lemonDailyjuicethere'sin amostuse to the front of the group (which boy, because of the purity of his. homes... in baking and numbered about eight hundred) to life and his outstanding personality,

iCooking, for refreshing / /lemonade, in salad dresstell a little of himself—of where he was taken into the hearts of the entire J

as a "tonic"iJlr ings, in a had been in army service, and what family. In the family were two

glass of water... to mention just a few. The convenhe was doing in Honolulu, and where boys, Peter and Paul, about ten and

ient, economical way to he was going. fourteen years of age. While he was meet these needs is M.C.P. JUICE. LEMON

andIt's pure,containsunadulterated,no preservativesrich in(sulphurVitamin di-C, The young man told the class that teaching the boys English, he decided oxide or benzoate of soda). Keep M.C.P. morning that he could not tell where it would also be his duty to reveal

at all times JUICE on hand LEMON for instant use, it's ready costs less.than.. he was going (he did not know himhis testimony and tell them about

juice. squeezed home free Recipe Get a self) but he did tell the class, in a the Church and modern revelation.

Folder Kitchen by writing the M.C.P. Laboratory, Anaheim, Calif. (There's M.C.P. very thrilling fashion, of his expeHe also decided to teach them about

If too. JUICE, FROZEN your LEMON grocer riences in a country behind the iron the Word of Wisdom. For several doesn't stock for it, he can get it you.)

curtain. He revealed the value of months he guided them.

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA His instructions concerning the

Word of Wisdom made a profound impression, so much so that the boys came into his study one morning with an interesting announcement.

They said, "We have decided to pledge to you at this time our intention of living the Word of Wisdom from now on forever."This young

L.D.S. teacher and friend of the boys

was very gratified that his instructions had made such an impression.

The seminaries and institutes of the

Church provide spiritual instruction for some thirtysix thousand students and also develop activities and projects which will enrich the lives of all who enrol in the classes.

The youth of the Church cannot afford to pass up enrolment and participation in our seminaries and institutes. The plan for weekday

religious education is unique in these

United States. The religious instruction will make for a wellrounded

and balanced personality. The young

people will be in good company.

They will be constantly made aware of high standards and ideals, the Delight your child. Make a fruit

L.D.S. way of living. They will face on top of his cereal. Easy. Use bits of

develop testimonies or at least refruit... like this cowboy made with raisins.

ceive the foundation for a testimony of the truthfulness of the gospel.

They will receive instruction whichwill make them better prepared to Young "Cowboys"thrive on fill missions for the Church when the opportunity comes. Great lessons of life are taught in WHEAT HEARTS

our seminaries, and there is fun and good fellowship for all. The rich This creamy hot cereal... this cereal Contains Wheat Germ

standards and ideals of L.D.S. youth with the wonderful toasted wheat germ

will make a lasting impression and goodness... has nourished children 1 penny a serving

make them better prepared to meet and adults in the West for 4 generathe carnal experiences which will tions. Kids love it, adults by hundreds 3 minutes to cook

confront so many of our young men voted it a 2 to 1 favorite for flavor.

who will do service for their country. Contains wheat germ. Many doctors

If ever there was a time when the recommend Wheat Hearts because this youth of the Church need to be cereal contains wheat germ—6 times

fortified with a rich philosophy of more than whole wheat itself. It helps

life and with a firm resolve to live a promote growth, good appetite, strong clean, moral life it is during these bodies. Adults benefit, too. Older folks

especially find good Hearts a Wheattroubled times in which we live. vigor. build and up energy way to help

Enjoy it every morning. Queen Bess

ADVENT OF AUTUMN pattern silverware coupon on box.

By Raymond Bottom SEPHEARTSThe grass has withered blade by blade

And turned to somber brown Except for spangled groves and glades

Where flashing leaves float down.

The pumpkin shows his yellow face

Through rustling, brown cornstalks.

The dead vines clearly show the trace

Where old Jack Frost has walked.From thickets in a nearby field 0ood!A bobwhite whistles clear; WHEflT HEflRTS

heart the is truly thrilledIt's now "SPERRY"AND 'WHEAT HEARTS'- ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC. that here. know autumn'sTo

SEPTEMBER 1953 711.-——- The Salt, Please

by Ruth K. Kent

EDITOR'S NOTE

Remember the "salt"story that was going the rounds of the entertainment world a few years back—about the

amazing amount of salt one merchant had on hand? Salt was occupying

a large portion of his shelf space, and there was more in the back room. In the basement it was stacked

clear to the ceiling. A friend commented on the large supply of salt

he had on hand. "You must sell a

lot of salt,"he said. "No, I don't,"

confessed the wellstocked grocer, "but that salesman who comes around can he sell salt!"(Obviously our (

Blackfoot, Idaho, woman takes first and third prizes merchant didn't know of the many uses for salt.)

Busy Mother Wins Top Cooking Awards has so many uses that it pays Salt to buy it in a large quantity.Little Kathleen holds one of her Prizewinning cooks everywhere

mother's prize ribbons while sister choose Fleischmann's Active Dry Salt is a good substitute for

Carol smiles proudly. Mrs. LeRoi Yeast. Out of 5000 winners surveyed, tooth powder.

Barclay has been winning cooking 97 per cent prefer Fleischmann's. Gargle with salt water for a sore

contests at the Eastern Idaho State It's so much handier than oldstyle throat.

forFair for years keeps cake yeast; 6 on your months now—and just last

shelf. fast. If the feet are tired, bathe them in rises 2year took top awards. pantry it always And

Expert cook Mrs. Barclay gives Now when you bake at home, it's a salt solution.

lots of credit to Fleischmann's Active convenient to use yeast. But use the A pinch of salt added to rhubarb

Dry Yeast. "It's the handiest ever,"best—look for the label that says sauce takes away the sharp taste.

she says. "Keeps for months!"Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. When added to other stewed fruit,

salt cuts down on the amount of sugar needed. Also add a pinch of

salt to fruit pies.

Add a little salt when making jams and jellies and when canning fruit.

When You Move theCookegg eggsrunningin saltout waterif thetoeggpreventshell cracks. allow three weeks to change your address Cook potatoes in salt water for ten minutes before baking, and you for will have a softer shell and save fuel as well.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shelling,Soak nutsand theyin saltwill waterbe easierbeforeto shell.

Salt will help remove discoloration from enamel ranges and oven fronts.

( )WMm)4om-o-< -—m-. )-mm-o-m-o - Sprinkle a little salt in the oven

it will over, and has run a dish IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS if WE OFFER... can until the oven prevent smoking

COMPLETE in treatment Aids A of Canker, simple cleaned. be SERVICE ENGRAVING throat sore minor and other mouth refrigeration, keep If there is no From Missionary Portraits to the Largest irritations. and throat Catalogues. saltwater. in butter immersed

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

Salt and turpentine will clean the surfaces CO. UTAH porcelain ENGRAVING bathtub and other HALL'S REMEDY

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah City, Utah Salt Lake finish. the without scratching

'W:tT*i:! 0<m-i-e.Q.m>--;-.i,r.iKi—I—I—-i,,;, mm Sprinkle salt on frozen meat to

hasten the thawing process.

hardto-clean vases in salt Earn Extra Money HOTEL LANKERSHIM Soak

For Yourself or Organization 7th & BROADWAY water.

after peelSell salt Quality, Alloccasion hands Christmas Cards and on the Rub spare time. up Make to 50% profit. fish. cleaning ing onions and List. for inSendyour Price Free now

QUALITY SALES COMPANY 1344 BOX OGDEN, UTAH IN LOSTHE VERYANGELESHEART OF water.Soak the fishy frying pan in salt

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sprinkle salt over sputtering grease to keep it from splashing.

Sprinkle dampened salt on the "Why all our family eats rug; then sweep, and there will be lips*"no dust. This brings out the colors, ALL-O-WHEAT

too, and may be used when vacuuming. MOMMY SAYS, "It costs so

little... cooks quickly in 3-5

Salt added to the laundry starch minutes. Regular size package

will prevent its sticking. makes 24 generous servings...

Soak handkerchiefs in salt water a little more than a penny a to make them wash more easily. serving."

Perspiration stains will leave no "It's Magicodor if soaked in salt. DADDY SAYS,

Milled"... no vitamin loss, so

Put a handful of salt in the bluing it needs no enriching. Vitamins

water to keep it from streaking. A, B, E, G, just as nature inPut dry salt around the edges of tended for lasting all - day j

the basement floor to keep out insects; energy. No midmorning energy

also in any cracks in the floor. letdown."

Put salt in the cracks in the sideKIDS SAY, "Mmmm, we sure go for rich, golden All-O-Wheat walk to keep grass from growing in flavor. Tastes so good... especially when sweetened with brown

them. sugar, honey, or fruit."

Sprinkle salt on the icy steps and sidewalk to prevent accidents.

In bad weather take a ladder and "A breakfast treat that can't be beat"sprinkle salt in the house gutters to Pick up a package today at your grocers, or write to...

keep them from freezing and the water backing into the house. Wash the windows with salt water ALL-O-WHEAT

Flakes Rolled Wheat—

Flourin winter to prevent freezing. BreakfastStonegroundWheat Whole Wheat

Rub salt on the outside of a ham to keep it from molding. It is easy OGDEN, UTAH

to wash off.

Soak peeled fruit in salt water to keep it from oxidizing and turning black. gritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH And last but not least, keep the

salt cellars filled. People's taste for

salt varies. Oversalting food is unFritos Squash and Onion Casserole

forgivable. But give everyone a Serves 8

3 6 tbsps. Squash medium Bacon Drippings Summerchance to shake as he on as much or white) (yellow

cup Grated American Vi Onion like salt 1 medium tolikes. There is nothing Cheese

Boiling cupsbring out the flavor in foods. 1V2 lightly Fritos crushed Water V2 cup

tsps. Salt IV2 Corn Chips (measured

V4 tsp. Pepper after crushing)

Directions Pare squash and onion. Cut into medium slices. Boil

in salt water until tender. Add pepper and bacon drippings. Pour into a greased casserole. Top with grated

THE MODERN KITCHEN cheesefor 20 minutes.and crushed Fritos corn chips. Bake at 350 degrees

By Thelma Ireland FRITOS is the registered trademark of the Frito Co.

Our grandma had a hired girl A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT!

To help her with her work, But with our modern gadgets MAKE EXTRA MONEY!! New! Revised! Enlarged! now

Sell cards, beautiful Christmas BRANNAN SAM etc. can all drudgery shirk. items gift We the and

bosses. No experience, age limit, No No

With automatic washers, Ask about "TEMPLENo quotasSTATIONERY"—theto meet stationery CALIFORNIA

stoves, created for L.D.S. members as an ideal gift for Missionaries, Servicemen and Church officers. All MORMONS

Deep freezes, and such gear, temples available. by Paul Bailey

We do not need a hired girl—Write today for complete information. At Bookstores... We need an engineer! Big Profits—up to 100% $4.00

Service Greeting Card Co. ORDERor DirectTODAY!

4937 So Durfee Rd. Pico, California Westernlore—Box 41073, Los Angeles 41, Calif.

SEPTEMBER 1953 713.

If I Were a Boy Again Before you buy a WATER HEATER... by Oscar A. Kirkham

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

i were a boy again, I would like that would stimulate my imagination

If some worthy man such as my and give me faith that I would and father to come early into my life. could do my best for the right, and

My father was a man of great faith enjoy it! He might be a quorum or

and spirituality. One year his equip- a Sunday School leader, a scoutmaster,

ment had been destroyed by fire or someone else. I would want to be

when his grain v/as ready to be harso impressed by him that I would vested. He prayed earnestly while take some worthy course and follow

in his field for the Lord to bless him it to some noble end. I would want

that he might somehow find help and him to be so sincerely interested in me his crop. harvest he kneel occathat he with had would me No sooner

... HAS IT! FOWLER

I his prayer, neighsionally prayer. in to than a arisen from would want

the big GLASSLINING, water heater advancement bor, a friend, passing by, stopped and feel that he was so sincere and so that means cleaner hot wasaid to Father, "James, I noticed that near the Lord, that I felt the need ter and longer service. your grain is about ready to harvest. of being like him. I would want him

years than 20 More ago 1 Mine is also ready. Let me know to be patient and take the small

the of water makers Fowler heaters developed and inwhen I may come, and I will cut spark which he had lighted in my troduced the glasslined yours for you. I know you have lost soul and encourage it to grow ever

principle of tank construcnearly all of your equipment."and ever and burn larger and

tion. acidcoats of Two prayers Father's were answered. We brighter.

resisting porcelain, bondedall grateful. happy and Because of my nature, I knew he tosteel prewere inside the tank,

vent rust and corrosion. I would like this man who comes would have to give me much sincere

Water never touches metal. early into my life to build a fire in encouragement and real practical

By protecting the tank me that would never go out: a fire of help. I hope that his good example

against glassdecay, Fowler inspiration, a fire of righteousness, (Continued on page 716) lining eliminates for need frequent tank replacement.

Before you buy a water

.. heater. get 1

glassFowler's I lined story..

"J find out about If the many advantages which I Fowler offers I to provide fin- 1 est water heat- I ing service at lowest m cost.

See your dealer or write for complete information.

FOWLER

WATER HEATER

FOWLER MANUFACTURING CO.

2545 S.E. Gladstone, Portland 2, Ore.

—Harold M. Lambert

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

(jOSfe nO WOre.. adds beautiful color

accents to your bathroom...new luxury to daily living

ZEE Toilet Tissue in Pastel Green...Pastel Orchid...

costs no more than ZEE's Luxury White Tissue.

Enjoy the luxury of color with the

luxury of ZEE's PowderPuff Softness.

.. Vastek SelectZEE

Pastel 68ERH, Pastel OKCHIU Pastel

in the economical 4-Roll FamilyPaks. WHITE

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1953

SEPTEMBER 1953 715 If I Were a Boy Again Rough Rider stacks (Continued from page 714) would be so real and strong, that

is to do what it would impel me

it. great enjoy The flatter everymm right—and

Emerson has said, "What we need most is someone who will make us do what we can do."

Oh, if I were a boy again, I would like a man like this to be with me to guide me and bless me and direct me. It is a great opportunity for a

boy to meet early in life a real

Christian man who will be interested in him, setting a good example and See What MAGIC Unfolds giving real help.

If I were a boy again, I would "MODERNFOLD"DOORS want to have friends to enjoy. Real * More Space for Living

friends. I would like to travel with ** MovableNew ColorfulWallsBeauty

a clean crowd, with friends that * Rigid Strength of Steel would help me to keep straight: STANDARDIN STOCKSIZE DOORS

friends with whom I could have fun, the doors that fold high adventure, to climb the great like an accordion

Rockies, Timpanogos, the Tetons, to light our and Mount Whitney, like the modernfold together at BECAUSE THEY'RE campfircs a place ifabH7%*ed/ Waterton Lakes or Lake Tahoe. I

Rough vRider wouldtrail untilwantI becameto keep atonleastthe anscoutingEagle For demonstration write or phone

Napa, California Scout. On my twelfth birthday, I MODERNFOLD DOOR SALES CO.

would like to join with my worthy DIVISION OF ALDER'S friends and be ordained a deacon 1343 South Main Salt Lake City and continue with them in the priestPhone 7-1531 free your booklet entitled send Please me until hood found work were we IE to r Liv ing"10 Space "More ii called for | worthy mission to be on a NAME

Address these Yes, Church. be i wouldQUICKEST WAY our iii City State i It is enjoy. to a great my friends

privilege "to grow up"with real friends. ID STARCH If I were a boy again, I would

costson/yftafMttf/ study great characters to emulate.

Among whom would be Nephi of the

Book of Mormon: He, who when

NO OTHER STARCH, LIQUID OR his brothers murmured and said it

DRY, CAN GIVE YOU QUICKER, EASIER, OG BETTER STARCHING was a hard thing to do to return to Write for information

THAN FAULTLESS STARCH! Jerusalem to obtain the plates, on type of organ

showed his strength and faith of in which you character and said: "I will go and are interested. *w'

do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the giveth Lord no unto commandments e f the children of save men, faoWrd -. he shall e\',bsP- \e 2-;3 W>\e,ad'ir>9a 0*0 for prepare that they a way them may PIPE ORGANS

accomplish the thing which he comREED ORGANS mandeth them."(1 Nephi 3:7.)

I like the story of Moses, the great leader of Israel, who led his people ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT.

from slavery to the promised land.

He was full of courage and faith faith great enough to turn back the waters of the sea, faith enough to fan, 4V&Uf bring manna from heaven, faith to bring forth water from a rock. If SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

I were a boy again, I would like to 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

know more of Moses. I would like

to have faith, and courage as he had.

The life experiences and teachings of Joseph Smith have been a greatinspiration to me. If I were a boy ftkfk

again, I would like to be like him.

When he prayed to the Lord for wisdom and guidance and he readthe answer—"If any of you lack

wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given

him"(James 1:5)—he did not hesitate. He went to a grove of beautiful trees and in true faith he asked

the Lord. The answer came, and

"he listened to the Lord."I wouldlike to be blessed of the Lord as he fhiktnfK

was.

Then the Lord will be my strength and my song, and he will become my salvation. Then his right hand

will become glorious in power. Yes,

if I were a boy again, I would seek to know and seek and strive to do these things.

Her Farvision Glasses 0000(11

by Florence J. Johnson

had a rude awakening the other day. It was quite a shock to

I my inflated ego. I had been

mentally patting myself on the back because of the number of things I was able to do. Besides, the praise

I had received sounded very sweet in my ears—but the praise didn't come

from those who really counted.

{Continued on following page)

Countrychurned sourcream buttermilk pancakes! Light, tender,

buttery... taste wonderful.

Easy, too. The buttermilk is

right in the mix. Try them

They're delicious!

PANCAKE & WAFFLE MIX Real sourcream buttermilk

SPERRY"OF GENERALIS REGISTEREDMILLS.TRADEMARKINC. pancakes like longJong ago!

SEPTEMBER 1953 717 Her Farvision Glasses (Continued from preceding page) Our sincerest

It happened this way Diana May, the youngest, had come up to me for a bedtime story, Congratulations but I was facing a desk covered with reports that turned be must in before and line that a dead uncomfortably was close. "You never have time,"she told Best Wishes me tearfully.

"Mom is wearing her farvision glasses."Frank, our high school to

senior son observed.

I turned back to the reports, but somehow they had lost their interest. I glanced around the room. We President

were members of a family gathered in one room, a were not but we family. separated by a David O. McKay We were

wall that I had built—a wall of outside interests that shut them out.

Nothing more was said that night.

I had to do a bit more thinking and The also be open to attack from another quarter.

That came the next day when I Lang Company, Inc.

was chatting over the back yard fence with my neighbor.

BY THE MAKERS OF "I hardly see you these days, exSalt Lake City, Utah

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS cept"I'm havingcoming someor going,"of the sheneighborssaid.

in this afternoon and would like to have you come. You haven't met

Mrs. Hudson yet, I believe."

"You mean the new family in the old Anderson home? No, I've been call, but—"I stopped Bed W'A intending to

short. There was a peculiar light

I looked line the rvom inaway.my Thereneighbor'swas a breakeyes. in

of buildings, and I found myself looking at the far horizon. It started For everything

a train of thought. Was I too anxious

about that which I could not see in fine Church Furniture ignoring the beauty and the It will pay you to consider J.C and

duty that was close at hand and American Seating Company prodclearly visible? ucts when you reseat, remodel, or

build. Bodiform pews, chancel fields have tillage that need "We

furniture, and architectural woodas well as those distant in morePENNEY here by American Seating work Complaces and our grass is just as green pany craftsmen assure liturgical as theirs."correctness and long service. Write INC. CO., desired. I looked as neighbor she for information at my 213 Salt Lake City South Main—Department 1169 spoke. It took a great deal of courTrading Center of the age for her to say it, for we were old &fmetiwn Gtmpa/iy Seati/iff Great Intermountain Empire friends. I knew I deserved the

in Public World's Leader censure, even though I smarted under 901 Broadway N. W., Grand RapidsSeating2, Mich.

A friendly merchandising it. "Thanks, Sue,"I managed to say.

institution cradled and "I needed that. I got a preliminary CATHEDRAL CHIMES

nurtured in Utah dose last night. I'll start adjusting and TOWER CARILLONS

over 27,000 in actual use and the West. my farvision glasses, as Frank called MAAS

them, this very day. Yes, I'll come Write for Fine electronic bells

over this afternoon, and thanks descriptive'literature starting as low as $370.00

again."MAAS ORGAN CO.—Dept. 219—Los Angeles 39, Calif.

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I hurried into the house. I had

to readjust my plans and also do some telephoning. I would do more work

in the local green pastures. It took time. It didn't work out SERVING

overnight. The family and the

neighbors had to learn that the *s** change in me was permanent, notjust a passing phase. UTAH

But last night Diana May brought her storybook to me and said confidently:

"Read, Mummy, please. Read

about Goldilocks."I did. Then the

whole family joined in. And when

the clock struck the hour for evening prayers, my husband was reading aloud from Don Quixote and the Hear the P*I*E Transportation News older children were sitting around KUTA570 kc- 7:30 A.M.

enthralled over this experience of Monday through Friday sharing.

I had learned my lesson. TERMINALS IN ALL PRINCIPAL CITIES

Are you looking too far afield? PACIFIC INTERMOUNTAIN EXPRESS

Are you sending your own children to the radio and to the movies for entertainment, instead of reviving the old custom of familysharing- evenings? HOME CANNERS'FIRST CHOICE!

Do you write long letters to friends and acquaintances at a distance and neglect that call on a new neighbor, a cheering visit to one who is ill?

Do you plan more entertainments for outsiders than you do for your own family? When did you have

the last family evening?

We need to look beyond the horizon to a certain extent to avoid becoming selfcentered, to give a helping hand when needed, but like so many things, our enthusiasm carries it on to the point where we neglect the home fields. It is necessary to

find a happy medium. Just Pressto -Test! DOME DQWN Be warned. How well are you Jar19.3 BALLSealedBROS. CO.

tilling the home fields?

.. IN THE GOSPEL NET

By Elder John A. Widtsoe

Faith Promoting, Inspiring

Informative, Appealing

A book for family reading At All Church Bookstores SEPTEMBER 1953 719 The Light Touch Dear Sir: Bakersfield, California

friend of mine has been sending me The Improvement Era years. for past the two of McKay's choice stories. President are two Here Note: A I started reading a few I it, then first through only glanced At did: as we enjoy them hope you'llWe

1 although I in your interested Church articles. short became

it. the of pride about don't much know on the frequently comments President McKay

visited City. Salt Lake trip through to drove his Last we We 1952 summer descent. During of those Welsh andWelsh

it so much. I enjoyed tour. papers on a went the grounds and the Scotland, temple and Glasgow, visit his first was toEurope,

emphasized, in reporting the dedicatory service in Glasgow, the The more I think about it, the more the desire to learn about

McKai name and the fact that his ancestors had come from the Church and its work comes to me.

Thurso, Scotland, that he had been there twentyfour years beDo you have any extra literature you could send me?

fore, and so on. "Well,"he says, "it seems that the Scotch part I would like any information I could receive.

of my ancestry was overemphasized, in Brother John James'idea, Thank you, and he called Thomas E. and said, 'Will you please tell your /s/ Odessa Spangler

brother that the important part of his life is on his mother's side, and she was Welsh! Will you see that he makes a visit to

Wales!'"I Hokkaido, Japan

Editors: Dear years to visits Stake of President McKay's many one On it offers. all that and Era grateful Improvement very for The am settled commented the been having byago—Malad MaladWelsh—he great of Era I found missionary The Improvement former a As stake I descent. president stake that of Theto the Welsh he was

it now, tool. Reading as a missionary personally and value, both President that suggested his shoulders shruggedpresident and

knowledge companionship, comfort and gives serviceman, as Later, me a the Welsh. this said because merely among he wasMcKay

hours is during It helpful strength. and peace and incident, wisdom, this and recounting stake President conference,in McKay

of the General talks the lonely, and and Plaser Lugan when I am depressed born in saying: was motherconcluded y by "My

House, Clwyd de fagyr, Cefn Coed Cymmen, near Merthyr Authorities, especially, are an inspiration to my testimony.

Tydfil, South Wales!"Yes, I am grateful to The Improvement Era and to you, the

An elderlv little woman near the front jumped up and shouted, editors, for the work you do in publishing it. I offer my thanks

"That's it! That's it!"and appreciation.

Sincerely, REJOINDER I si Pvt. Hal H. Curtis

It happened in Philadelphia. A workman was busy stretching

a long, unwieldy ladder in the direction of the Independence Hall clock tower when an inquisitive lady stopped in her stroll through Stockton 5, California

Gentlemen: shoulder. the the square and on tapped him

the come to doubt events, I had of recent a series she inquired. the timepiece?"old with "Something wrong Through

gospel. my faith Then—when of the "it's just reply, validity that I'm a bit crisp the "No, truth and madam,"came

nearsighted."reached its lowest ebb, I received my current copy of the Era.

Indeed, it was like a star in the sky shining down especially this that forever more once and as I. I know such one ONE WAY OF DOING IT for

like share to therefore, I is mythe should, Christ. of Jesus gospel

A dignifiedlooking man, carrying a pair of woman's shoes, got faith in this gospel with those not privileged to live in this chosen on a bus. He had evidently planned to take them to a repair land. Please find enclosed a money order for a foreign subscripshop and had forgotten to wrap them. tion—to be sent to the East German Mission—to help spread

A man seated opposite him appeared interested. Finally, he truth in the land of the Iron Curtain.

leaned over, tapped the dignified one on the knee, and said with May God bless you all, a knowing wink: Sincerely,

"That's right, mister. Don't let her gad about!"(Miss) Marjorie D. Gelmstedt

MIA MAIDS ROSE EVENING IN LINDA VISTA WARD

The Mia Maid class of Linda Vista Ward, San Diego (CaliPugmire, ward Y.W.M.I.A. president, by Grande Farnsworth,

class. of Maid teacher the Mia their rose held evening. ocrecently annual Stake, fornia) The

Berg, are: Verna picture LuAnn right the second in Left to

rest these the of the year for marked, as was Mutual casion was Clonts, Bryan, Connie Deane Marlene Barrett, Underwood, Janice girls, by a spirit of love, unity, friendship, and cooperation. Pringle, Barbara Underwood, Darlene Underwood, and Dixie

The first picture is the presentation of the rose banquet to Maurine Hunsaker.

Phillips Petroleum Company

joins the

many good friends of President David O. McKay

in extending to

i him sincere good wishes on the

occasion of his

eightieth birthday

anniversary

SEPTEMBER 1953 721 community service, our watchword.

President David O. McKay presides

over a session of an L.D.S. Conference.

We extend greetings to President

McKay on the occasion of his eightieth birthday, September 8, 1953.

KSL J5W& KSL IdevOUon.

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA VISITOR WHO STAYED

Utab|s industrial expansion program acquired one ** stalward when an excursion visitor decided to stay in

UTAH. The visitor who stayed was the founder of what

is now known as THE EIMCO CORPORATION. V

EIMCO established in the middle 1880's is now ojne of r

UTAH's great manufacturing industries and thelargest in the metal working class. With four large plants in

Salt Lake City covering more than 27 acres anwithY branch offices and factories in rn&ny parts of the worlds

EIMCO produces heavy mining, contracting and processing machinery which is shipped to all parts of the world. Less than V2 of 1 percent of frfe rnachines

', which Eimco builds are sold in the STATE OF UfAH.* -

More than a thousand employees,e>n ElMCO'S payroll depend on the vigorous sa|es effort of -. its brganixatiori in the tecrrt*i:al fields. Monies brought

into our State take care of the payroll and tax burden imposed on Eimco which it is* glad to assume to provide a better community program, lb help support.,

our educational system and maintain our good government.

Eimco products include: Drynj, Disc, Top Feed, Pan and Pressure Continuous Vacuum Filters for the metallurgical, food, drug, chemical, petroleum

and sewage fields. -Underground andsurface loading equipment for, mining, tunneling ortd construction fields. Seared; eir. motorsior sawmills,

chemical plants and mines. Air Locomotives.. Ball, Rod and Tube Milts', Folding Scrapers and Uttfioy Mill liners,;

mem.

SA:

EXECUTIVE OFFICES AND FACTORIES: SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

BRANCHES AND DEALERS - IN ALL PRINCIPAL CITIES

NEW YORK OFFICE: EIMCO BLDG., 5152 SOUTH ST., NEW YORK CITYEIMCO

Everlasting Strength

Enlarged replica of Master M Man pin,

p; President David O. McKay

receives Honorary Master M Man citation from President Joseph Fielding Smith.

strength and vigor of America depend upon generation after generation of youth The receiving the training and guidance that builds for the future.

President David O. McKay is symbolic of such a concept. President Joseph Fielding

Smith, of the Council of Twelve, recently presented an Honorary Master M Man citation to President McKay, with these words:

"President McKay has stood as a strong, clear, guiding light to the youth of the Church for more than half a century."

When President McKay was one of six Americans honored by the Boy Scouts of

America with the award of a Silver Buffalo, Elder Ezra Taft Benson said:

"If I were asked to select the most nearly perfect example for the youth of America and the world to follow, I could do no better than to select President David O. McKay."

Such inspiration remains with us forever—it is a source of everlasting strength.

Copper Utah

Division Kennecott Copper A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah 724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Through the years, President David To a

O. McKay has endeared himself

Friend of All to countless peoples... of many lands,

creeds. colors, and The People. for the nobility of him We honor

his leadership and for the breadth of our sincere

his interest and understanding congratulations toward his fellow men everywhere.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

SEPTEMBER 1953 725 &>qgres$ Began that emoa

very afternoon that they reached THE v.

the valley, they put three plows into the arid, sunbaked soil, planted potatoes, and flooded the area by damming City creek.

This humble beginning marked the start of Utah's past and plans to share in its bright modern irrigation as we know it today—future. In addition to the Company's

a fittingly progressive beginning for what sizable marketing investments here, the was to become the great state of Utah. recentlycompleted Pioneer Pipe Line, which

stretches 300 miles from Sinclair, Wyoming,

Today, 106 years later, Utah moves ahead to Salt Lake City, was constructed, and is in a wide range of fields—agriculture, partially owned, by Sinclair.

manufacturing, mining, uranium production.

But the hope of its future, like the glory The new line, we think, does more than of its past, still lies in its men—men such as supply oil products to the intermountain

David O. McKay whose 80th anniversary region. It supplies ample evidence of

we salute today. Sinclair's deep faith in the future of the

Great Western State whose symbol is the

Sinclair is proud to have been a part of beehive... whose motto is Industry...

and whose history has been one of growtn and progress from its very first day.

- Tf&eatAfom #t OtC SINCLAIR726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \Jn the occasion of President McKay's 80th birthday, we extend to him our sincere wishes for many more years of good health, vigorous leadership and

personal happiness.

WALKER BANK *L

Salt Lake City, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1953 727 FARM BUREAU Representing 8000 UTAH FARM FAMILIES and 15 COOPERATIVE MARKETING AND BARGAINING ASSOCIATIONS

Congratulates

president &L)ciuLd \ S. / /cJ\ctu

ON HIS EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY We are honored to know this truly great religious leader and statesman, and extend to him our sincere wishes for many more happy years in which to serve, inspire and lead his people.

WE SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING BELIEFS AS A SOUND BASIS FOR THE FUTURE PROGRESS OF OUR GREAT NATION:

WE BELIEVE:

- In the vigorous defense of the principles of individual free agency.

In the defense of the right of every man to own property, earn money honestly, save, invest and spend as he chooses.

T-That a man should be rewarded in accordance with his productive contribution to society and his honest effort.

That property rights cannot be taken away without infringing upon human rights.

That government's regulatory function should be based on law rather than directives.

-yThat the Constitution was inspired of God and that individually and as a group we must support it as the basic law of the land.

That we must continue to fight against communism wherever and in whatever form it may be found.

-That public officials should state their beliefs with respect to private capitalism, socialism and communism.

-That a sound agricultural and national economy can be developed without war, force or regimentation.

That the possibility of lasting peace among the nations lies in adoption of true

Christian principles.

That labor, industry and agriculture should cooperate together unselfishly for the nation's welfare.

UTAH STATE FARM BUREAU FEDERATION

65 EAST 4TH SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phone 9-8668 Farm Comprehensive Liability Insurance, Auto Insurance, Life Insurance, and other special services at cost to Farm Bureau Members.

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for today's living... smart dinettes in

and wooblack metal

Designed to be seen as well as to serve.

Comfortable foam rubber cushioned contour chairs upholstered in DURAN*.

Stainresistant MlCALlTE* tops

in a choice of lovely limed oak or rich,

warm walnut. Truly contemporary design

table, Extension Available at leading department 30"withx 50"8"openleaf.

and furniture stores.

Extension table, 35"x 60"open with 12"leaf.

DESIGNED BY JAKOBSEN/TH ERIOT

The West's largest manufacturer of dinettes

J W. Century Blvd., Los Angeles 45, California VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. '* 570

F REG. U. S. TRADEMARK

resident David O. McKay has to so many people in all parts of the

given much of himself in his many world.

years of service as a great teacher and capable executive. He has shared with JL t is indeed a privilege to honor

countless thousands the sympathetic him on his eightieth birthday, both as understanding, the fine sense of values, President of the Church and as chief the highly developed culture, and the executive of Beneficial Life Insurance wise counsel that have endeared him Company,

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah