.,,!

FEBRUARY IfIf IVcw/953 'Fmerson TV FOR GREATEST VALUE EVER

,> Emerson 17Inch Model 714 r Builtin Antennano need for outside antenna in most localities Chassis. Specially engineered LongDistance

for your area v* StaticFree FM Sound System iS FullScreen Focus and BlackMagic Contrast iS Oneknob Simplimatic tuning r Front Bezel Removablefor cleaning picture tube and glass Ready for UHF )S Cabinet of selected mahogany veneers—

handrubbed to a highpolished finish

6::vJ5V.i;iiS > MODE17I4 *%-*,

17"SCREEN?29995 21INCH EMERSON - Fringe 720 MODEL

gives unCompensator surpassed television reception in your own area. PhonoJack for

record changer plugin at rear. Oneknob Simplimatic tuning. Builtin

antenna. Front glass removable. Ready for UHF.

$359Blond 369.9595

CLOCKRADIO Includes excise tax and warranty EMERSON

Attractive - 718 MODEL... radio table model

with clock electric builtin 17INCH 727 MODEL EMERSON turns Automatically alarm. all in performance—them Leads onappliances and radio for Specially Engineered value! and Fashiontime. preset off at

.. Compensator area your in available cabinet styled reception. individualFringe for adjusts colattractive of variety a Builtin Antenna. Oneconditions. clear overall with ors tuning. Simplimatic Ready knob face. plastic cabinet for wood Handsome UHF.

scratchresistant light mahogwith $36.95 any finish. Ivory, Blue and

Includes excise tax MoroonGrey, 39.95 and warranty $1g995

ZCMI Wholesale Distributors—Furniture and Appliances—Intermountain Distributor—1665 Bennett Road—Salt Lake City

SALT LAKE CITY Master Heat. & Appl. Co. SANDY PROVO

Bargain City 2561 South State St. Jensen & Kuhre Co. Cluff Shopping Center

600 West No. Temple MURRAY OGDEN Wasatch Furnace & Appl.

Browning Appliance Co. Murray Plumb. & Appl. C. C. Anderson ROY

303 East 21st South MAGNA Brown Appliance, Inc. H. D. Sparrow Co.

Furniture Papanikolas Co. Co. Herrod & SALINA Furniture Graham MIDVALE Electric Bros. J. Sorenson G. Read East 4th South 326

Soters Co. Lowe's Hardware SPANISH FORK Floors and Appl. Harmony TOOELE Furniture Reliable Co. Reed E. Warner Indiana 1383 Avenue Tooele Mercantile Co.

Thora Pearce BOUNTIFUL AMERICAN FORK SUNSET 676 East 21st South 20th Century T. V. D. L. Greenwood Morby's

Treasure House TOD PARK, TOOELE OREM TREMONTON 1568 South State St. D. E. Kivett C. E. Willberg Hale Bros.

7H %W0CX(/M6$*

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

After little being said for some -decades there has recently appeared some evidence of the relation between lung cancer and tobacco smoking, particularly cigarets. Blame was given to

cigaret smoking for the large role in the increase in lung cancer by three groups of United States scientists at the

Fifth International Cancer Research

Congress. Cigaret consumption in the

U.S. is 2500 a year for each person.

Deaths from lung cancer are 20,000 the U.S. Dr.a year in Alton Ochsner,

of the Cancer Ovalshaped TOWN HOUSE Crackers areformer American head

Society, has said: "It is frightening to baked sideways. The ''grain"of each cracker

speculate on the number of bronchiogenic cancers that might develop as a runs with your bite—across the oval.

result of the tremendous number of cigarets consumed in the two decades from 1930 to 1950."Dr. J. Winthrop

Peabody of the Georgetown Medical

School notes that lung cancer occurs in 50 times as many men over 40 who smoke two packs of cigarets a day as in nonsmokers. At the Washington I That's why they break

University School of Medicine as reported in Science it has been found that clean when you bite tar obtained from cigaret smoke will pro- 'em. There's no crumexperimentally cancerduce when painted on the skin of mice over a period bling—no crumbs.

of a year. Other work at the University of Chicago Medical School has indicated that cigaret smoke on mice produces the same lack of reproduction as

the injection of nicotine solutions, and further from Science that "the preponderance of tumors in the experimental mice (lungs) was induced by cigaret smoke."Mice exposed to smoke

grew more slowly and failed by a large ToumHouse margin to attain the weight of the mice CRACKERS not exposed to smoke.

Ti bout onetenth of all crop plants in ** the United States are destroyed by insects each year.

V2j w-&s quccessful transplantation of the O.v-

heart from one animal to another cocker /#25yews!

has been performed with laboratory animals. 7*y$om Tomy/

nrTHE sperm whale is known to have IjPURITY * descended 3240 feet below the surface of the ocean because one became tangled in a submarine cable at that depth causing a break off the coast of

Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello.... Phoenix Colombia.

FEBRUARY 1953 65 A SUGGESTION 10 MR. JOHN FOSTER DULLES YOUR MORNING

THE UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE

A new spirit and a new attitude is by Dr. G. Homer Durham

needed among many representatives of the United States overseas. Head of Political Science

Too many persons, in a variety of Department, University of Utah

GIVES LASTING outagenciesan andadequateprograms,sensego ofabroad"mission."withThis seems to be true despite the efforts tour inspecting overseas personnel in NOURISHMENT!

of many intelligent people, and in spite 1952.

of "orientation"programs operated by I am aware of the attitude within the the government. "elite corps"of U. S. Foreign Service

It is not accidental that, on the same Officers, of the need for preserving an day, one hears from one of his staff "American"objective outlook, based on associates, on leave of absence from his broad, general trainingand-operating professional work in this country and considerations. I can understand why

currently representing the United States officers in this caste who understand in Germany; and, into the office walks Oriental history and culture are sent to

a former student, home on rotation after Bergen, Norway; and why officers with

sixteen months in Korea. Scandinavian background are sent to

The colleague in Germany, a politiTokyo and Madrid. But I see no virtue in

cal science professor, writes: "The our foreign representatives, from code

trouble with the Americans here is that clerks to career officers, devoting their they do not get out among the people. spare time abroad to contacts with other

Instead they remain isoAmericans, because of lated, in their own social language barriers.

groups."Diplomacy has been

Delicious and Quick Cooking The young lieutenant \ revolutionized in our cenwith Carnation instant Wheat! from Korea, a student of tury. Perhaps the only

YOU KNOW there's no substitute for a political science, says: place where aloof, cool,

good hot cereal breakfast... and once "We'll never get anyobjective, isolated repreyou try it, you'll agree that new Carnawhere in Asia until we sentatives are justified totion Instant Wheat is the one you're get leadership and perday is at the United Nalooking for! sonnel who know the tions or in the foreign

For this delicious breakfast dish goes people, their customs, trachancelleries themselves. famsustaining your towards waya long ditions, and aspirations, Things are Elsewhere, this role should be virtually That's because long busy days!ily during

a bodybuilding breakfast of Carnation pretty sad."discarded except for formal purposes.

Instant Wheat gives your family all the A few days before hearing this simulThe growing awareness of peoples the muchneeded wholewheat values of thiataneous report from both sides of the struggle for men's minds, the realistic mine, niacin, phosphorus, and iron. world, I had dinner with an old friend, if distasteful methods of the Nazis and

BEST OF ALLno matter how busy you are, a newspaper editor. He spent the last the Communists in bending diplomatyou can fix it in a jiffy. New Carnation three years in Greece, Pakistan, and ic and consular offices to propaganda

Instant Wheat is partially precooked... India. Among other fiery disgusts, was purposes, must remind us, too, that it

cooks in "no time."his anger that some responsible Ameriis people we are dealing with in the

either! youngsters, They coax toNO NEED only. not governments world, and officers "too in these countries were can

this genuine of flavor that grandlove or in office Dulles'predecessor appointments made, busy"to answer Mr. it, we'll prove wheat. And toNorthwest

buy your first package! Write to Carnacalls received, from student groups at used to talk about "total diplomacy."

tion Company, Box 2035-E, Los Angeles Indian universities to speak—in English. I suggest we abandon generalities and

36, California, for coupon good for one Nor were they mingling with the get into the business of knowing our package of Carnation Instant Wheat. people. Meantime, Russian agents, world neighborhood by getting acspeaking local languages and dialects, quainted with some individual persons,

-:wg23j were omnipresent and superactive. dealing with them honestly, fairly, andPartially

staff of respect. our (American) understanding and with many "How IN COOKSprecooked

viltalk that TIME"into in a native could go Karachi more us have no Let "MO lage and converse with a chief or village "Americans are the only people in the

Cooks I nation elders?"I inquired. The answer, perworld, who, when abroad, treat other

haps two percent. people as if they (the local people)

in No 'NSMNr These seem not to be isolated, random were foreigners in their own country."

aid misforeign technical of State In our and has examples. Department The I22i Time"/ """MK4T representation I I sions in all our and But the facts, and may be wrong.

humbly beg to report my observation abroad, can we not imbue ourselves that these reports (despite outstanding with a sense of "mission,"of humility, efforts contrariwise) appear to be the even "destiny?"

general order. They are further borne Twenty years ago, in the tradition of

out by conversations with a prominent our religious faith since 1830, I served

Same famous family as Carnation Milk official of the United States civil service abroad on a foreign mission. That miscommission following his worldwide (Continued on page 69)

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iP:...from Los Angeles AIR LINES and San Francisco to

AMERICA'S OLDEST SeattleTacoma and Portland!

FLIES AMERICA'S NEWEST Western's DC6B is the most advanced version of the worldfamous Douglas airliners—newer, bigger, faster!

FEBRUARY 1953 67 LsrHcial Lyman of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lnurcn or

sreius Lshri&t

of oLatterdau faints r*J r*> r VOLUME 56 NUMBER 2 7ebruar1 1953

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L. Jhe Lcover

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: RUBY H. MORGAN

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

HARRIS, FRANKLIN NIBLEY A. PALMER Hood, Lodge, Mt. JR. - HUGH at Timberline Sunrise

- B. - SPERRYLEE SIDNEY CLAUDES. It is the is cover depiction. our - R. Genera/ Manager: Associate S. REEDER Oregon, Manager: ELBERT BERTHA B. CURTISPETERSEN

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT photographic work of Ray Atkeson.

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Other picture credits: H. Armstrong

Roberts, pages 75, 76, and 117; Eva Luoma,

page 80; Bosch & Bell, page 107; Harold

M. Lambert, page 120.

Story illustration on page 84 by Farrell

The Editor's Page R. Collett.

The Evil of Wrong Thinking President David O, McKay 77

Church Features EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreetOFFICES

Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Evidences and Reconciliations: CLXXII—Has Christianity Failed? Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

John A. Widtsoe 78 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Stick of Judah and the Stick of Joseph—II Hugh Nibley 90

Dedication J.—Helen Hinckley Jones 95 Copyright 1953 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaImprovement Mutual Men's Young of the

of Christ Jesus of The Church Moves 72 Presiding Bishopric's Page 106 tion On of the Church Association

Subreserved. rights All Saints..104 Latterday Priesthood Melchizedek

foreign in advance; price, $2.50 a year, scription

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

single copy.

Utah, City, Salt Office, Lake Post the at Entered mailing for Acceptance matter. secondclass Special Features as

section in for provided postage of rate special at 2. July authorized 1917, of October 1103, Act

Science and Religion, Their Basic Positions Frank Boyer Salisbury 80 1918.

In Memory of George Albert Smith 83 ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unby sufficient accompanied must be manuscripts Beautiful Shiraz E H. (> Stobbe 86 All

return. and for delivery postage

Four Cornerstones of Success John A* Widtsoe 88

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L Evans 79, 96, 100 Change of Address of adfor change required notice days'Fifteen 66 Franklin the Universe, ham Exploring include please change, a ordering dress. When Distinguished 65 For S. Harris, Jr Service to Boythe magazine. of issue recent slip from a address

old the unless made be to hood, cannot Suggestion Mr. Times: 73 changes Forace Green These Address A

is included. one the well as new as address SecDulles, the the U.S. Foster Bookrack John 94 On

retary of State, G. Homer DurYour Page and Ours 128

Today's Family Is Temple Marriage Best? Rex Handy Hints 118 National Advertising Representatives

A. Skidmore.. -116 Make Your Head Save Your

Inch by Inch, Berneice Nash Head, Georgia C. Nicholas.. 120

Neeley 1 1 Valentine to Send 122 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California COMPANY S. TOWNSEND EDWARD

Blvd. Wilshire 1324 ies, Poetry 17, California Angeles Los

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Madison Ave. 342

17, York On My Honor Sylvia Probst Young 84 New As Unto the Bow—Conclusion Edith P. Christiansen 92 DAVIS & SONSN. Y.

The Sleeping Maiden, Deon NethFrontispiece, An Old Timer Spoke, 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt.

ercott Olson 70 Christie Lund Coles 75

The Hour, Arthur W. Peach 74 Poetry Page 76

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations 68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times (Continued from page 66) sion realistically and culturally, though not politically, served the highest purposes of the United States as well asthe Church of Jesus Christ. With the Treasures

thousands of other college boys, farm boys, and other young men who have FOR LATTERDAY SAINTS'LIBRARIESdone so for over a century, we followed a few simple rules that reflect sound social science and culture. We were

to:told

1. Learn to love the people of the THE STORY OF OUR CHURCH

land in which we served. No other than FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS

this Christian attitude was considered worthy. BOOK OF MORMON STORIES

2. To love the people, we were adFOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS

jured to study them, their history, their culture, and background; to apBIBLE STORIES

preciate and not criticize their modus FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS vivendioperandi. By Emma Marr Petersen

3. We were instructed to find our The rich, inspiring stories of these three dislodgings and habitation among the tinguished children's books will be remembered

people, and not in central compounds stirring,long aftertheyreadingare filledthem. withBothscripturalmagnificentloreandof

of other Americans like ourselves. Biblethe Church.. History,. storiesthethatBookwillof Mormoncapture andyoungthe

4. We were advised to make friends hearts and enhance their appreciation of the

by personal acquaintance, and to make gospel.

friends rather than converts.

5. If, as a result of friendship, op- $300 EACH

portunities presented themselves for conversion to explain our confidence in the restored gospel of Jesus Christ, we were to so do, with a cordial invitation L.D.S. SCRIPTURES

to examine our views and to attend our By Gilbert Charles Orme religious services, as organized and conHere's a priceless edition designed to aid studucted in their land. referencesdents and teacherson the fourin rapidlystandardfindingworksscripturalof the

side index, Through a 3,000 some We received two weeks of indoctrinaChurch.references fingertips. subjects are at and 389

tion in these points before leaving the 15 years in the making... now in fourth

United States. printing.

Upon arriving in our mission field, we, as new, inexperienced personnel, $450 were assigned as "junior companions"to young men who had already gone through the process of foreign acculturation. We began each day with a

class, and went twoby-two on all assignments responsible to our senior BOOK OF MORMON TESTIFIES companions until, after six months, we By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

were ourselves "acclimated"and "acBoth scholarly and inspiring, here is a that of reyears climaxes book manyculturated."speaking In nonEnglish

search Sperry as by Dr. to $300countries, all acquired the language authority the on. Book.. recognized an of Mormon.

a greater or lesser degree, of that counPresentsgreat book,a systematicbook by booktreatment... andof thisintry, by earnest study and use, during cludes references in every chapter.

If period.that L.D.S. missionunpaid

aries this, at Enrich your Library with Dr. John A. Widtsoe's Books not others, can do why

ten thousand dollars a year—more or IN A SUNLIT LAND EVIDENCES AND RECONless? IN THE GOSPEL NET CILIATIONS, Vols. 1 to 3

May I urge that steps be taken to see JOSEPH SMITHGOSPEL THEMES that our political and technical repreSeeker After Truth AN UNDERSTANDABLE sentatives abroad cease to be aloof, isoRELIGION lated specimens of American insularity;

that we seek and train personnel who can personally make friends and inORDER fluence people (within the bounds of FROM good taste) for the cause of freedom YOUR and the ideal of justice in the world? LOCAL

How can we hope to speak to the world DEALER with our own tongue only? How can

hear the world needs whatwe if we BooKfofi1186 listen in English, only with American Salt SOUTHLake CityMA.4, UtahIN

(Concluded on following page) FEBRUARY 1953 69 These Times (Concluded from preceding page) ears, to those of our neighbors who have paid us the compliment of addressing us in our own tongue?

We are said to be the world's greatest power. The Christian criterion for

greatness and power was laid down twothousand years ago in these terms:

He who would be greatest among you, let him be the servant of all. (See Matt.

23:11.)

A wise servant, to serve at all, let alone be great in that service, must have an understanding mind and heart. This

is not to be found in aloof isolation, in splendid receptions. It is only to be

developed, intelligently and realistically, in the New Testament pattern; abandoning Pharisaic myopia for Christian

concern for the common people and their ways. Let us not permit the Communists to outperform us with effective

human contacts in the field of our own selfprofessed creed.

The special Wicks Organ and console designed for THE SLEEPING MAIDEN the Boston, American Guild of Organists Convention. By Deon Nethercott Olson

price for Details and mountain a Utah upon this size High furnished. gladly instrument of Timpanogos, the name By

Where the cliffs are steep and rugged

And they make a strange formation;

In the springtime filled with promise, heat long days and of autumn, MirT..YOU CAN OWN ThroughIn the cloud haze and

winter, the long and stormy Through A WICKS PIPE ORGAN of summer, maiden. Indian Lies a beauteous,

at the price of imitations Earthlings call herElu-pah.Sleeping Maiden.

There is nothing finer for Church or Tabernacle service than the WICKS ORGAN.... This instrument best Nature made of spring and fountain,

in for a mountain, ages Formed fills the is of the organist. need specifically case, it In each

to shrines heart broken Earthly her built to the meet for service of the demands which fair, this this maiden. Indian it is To

intended. Jeweled tears drip from the ceiling,

kneeling statue like a Shaping The WICKS ORGAN blending cavern. the Colors In is a joy to play—andis itsbeautifullow performanceto see and toandhear.mainIt he of love which Speak

tenance costs will amaze you. Fortysix years of in- E-lupah.is sending

tensive research have resulted in this genuine pipe organ giving to the world one of the great instruments of all time. Legend says that from a crevice,

all vision, below, beyond sailing, set a pebble Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request). WhereShould one

wailing. a mournful

pebble. broken Pause! a The

spoken. with Please—for expertwrite topersonalthe nearestserviceRepresentativeand advice. ThereDropSilence returns no word comes

Vernon H. Gararden Lynn Hansen Melvin W. Dunn Chas. W. Allen Is your own pulse wildly throbbing?

98 Golden Gate Ave. 25 S. Mac Donald 481 10th Ave. 10708 1st Ave., N.W. Is that quiet, mournful sobbing

San Francisco 2, Calif, Mesa, Arizona Salt Lake City, Utah Seattle 33, Washington E-lupah?

to its twirling. Sets a rhythm

its falling it seems, Cke WICKS ORGAN Endlessly,Now the lonely pebble whirling

Mingles with a mournful calling, COMPANY "E-lupah,

Please write Dept. E-2 E-lupah,

E-lupah...."WICHS

HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS ORGANS

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be. (HOL iWddicr ()ueg{- of 15 sywipkovuj e#vwtf

For the third consecutive year Utah Copper sponsorship of these concerts as an appropriate has arranged to bring to our neighbors here tribute to a centuryold ideal.

in Utah a series of broadcasts featuring the Utah Far reaching are the benefits brought to the

Symphony Orchestra under the masterful baton state and her people through the continued of Maurice Abravanel, its musical director and successful operation of Utah Copper... as far

conductor. reaching, in fact, as the medium of radio that

We hope you will make these evenings the will bring you these concerts.

occasion for a family gathering—an occasion The Utah Copper Symphony Hour will be

that will knit family ties closer through the broadcast over Station KSL at 8:00 p. m. on

appreciation of one of the truly great cultural Thursdays during January, February and March.

and emotional expressions—fine music. The first program will be on the air January 1.

Cultural growth and industrial enterprise Each Thursday thereafter—except the second

teaming together for social betterment is one week when the broadcast will be heard January of the greatest traditions of Utah and her 9 instead of January 8—Utah Copper will

people. So, we like to think of Utah Copper's bring great music into your home.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION

KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION

A GOOD NEIGHBOR HELPING TO BUILD BETTER UTAH"

FEBRUARY 1953 71 The Church Moves On A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

East Sharon (Utah) Stake orOgden Branch for the Deaf. These

November 1952 L d ganized from portions of Sharon changes were made under the direction

President Milton R. Hunter of Stake, with Elder Henry D. Taylor, of Elders Harold B. Lee and Delbert

[ () the First Council of the Seventy formerly president of Sharon Stake, sus- L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve.

dedicated the chapel of the Belleview tained as president of the stake. His Elder Winslow B. Whiteley sustained

(Florida) Branch, Southern States Miscounselors are Elder William C. Faulkas president of the Cassia (IdahoUtah)

first ner, in counselor was who Sharonsion. Stake with Elders A. Clark John and

Stake, Elder and Bertrand Childs. A. Lorin Stake Farr pororganized from as Ross counselors. Adams sucThey

stake, a of with The membership 2804,tions Stake, of the (Utah) Ben Lomond ceed President Critchfield Lewis R. and

of First, is comprised the Edgemont the Eighth,comprising Seventh, Ogden his counselors, Elders R. David MartinFirst, Second, Edgemont Oak Hills Farr,Twentyfirst, Lorin Bonneand Oak dale and Wilford W. Sagers.

Hills Second, and Pleasant wards. View Eltonville Park wards. Elder William

Wardle, former bishop of the Ogden Sustained as president of the Sharon n m Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the

Eighth Ward was sustained as stake Stake was Elder Philo T. Edwards, u j Council of the Twelve accepted

president, with Elders Lawrence D. formerly second counselor in the stake the appointment of secretary of agriOlpin and Irvine F. Keller as his counpresidency. Elder G. Milton Jameson, culture in Presidentelect Dwight D.

selors. Stake membership is 4826. Reformer bishop of the Hill Crest Ward, Eisenhower's cabinet. President David

maining in the Ben Lomond Stake are and Elder Robert J. Olson sustained O. McKay indicated that Elder Benson

the North Ogden First, North Ogden as counselors. The Sharon Stake, with a was accepting the cabinet post with

Second, Pleasant View, and Bonneville membership of 3794, consists of the the full approval and commendation of

Park Second wards. Elder Heber J. Crest View, Grand View First, Grand the Church leadership. Elder Benson

Heiner, former bishop of the North View Second, Hill Crest, Lake View, will continue as a member of the CounOgden First Ward, was sustained as Lincoln, and Timpanogos wards. Elders cil of the Twelve with a leave of abstake president, with Elder Reuben G. Ezra Taft Benson and Mark E. Petersen sence from his duties.

of of the Council the asofRhees, were Twelve former bishop the Pleasant

First Presidency The announced at to this signed organization, preside S. 6 KarlView Storey Elder and Ward, I the I. of appointment Elder A.

it before but Eldersustained as accomplished counselors. was of Membership as Smoot president of the Northern

is to for calledthis a Benson York stake 4563. was Released the from New States Mission, succeeding President conference Presidentelect ofpresidency with Dwight Ben Stake was Lomond Andersen. Waldo M. President Smoot,

is Eisenhower. D.President East the Sharon Arthur William Budge and retired postmaster of Salt City, Lake stakehis 199th in functioning counselors, the S. Elders now Harold Campfilled a mission in Great Britain frombell Church. Francis A. Farr Child. Lorin and 19031906, at and has various times,

Stake, organized direction the under been a of the member Y.M.M.I.A. organized Stake East board (Utah) Ogdenof Elders B. Harold Lee and LeGrand in Boise (Idaho) Stake, a of of portions the from and member Ogden Mount ofRichards the of the Council Twelve, the (Salt Wasatch City) Lake stakes to give the the Church Ogden Wardis the stake 198th functioning in now bishopric, and without stakes. his B. Scott moving from Elder hundred twothe Church.

Price was sustained as president of the home or ward, been successively a

Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the East Ogden Stake, with Elder George member of the high council in the

It 1 Council of the Twelve dedicated T. Frost and Elder Henry J. De Haan, Granite, Highland, Sugar House, and

the chapel of the Tierra Blanca Branch, formerly bishop of the Mt. Ogden Ward, Hillside stakes. He was a guide for

Mexican Mission. sustained as counselors. East Ogden twentyfive years on Temple Square.

Elder George Q. Morris, Assistant to Stake wards taken from Mount Ogden

the Council of the Twelve, dedicated Stake are the Ogden Thirtythird, High* n a Dr. John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve and editor ofthe chapel of the Albion Ward, Raft land, and Mt. Ogden, while Ogden ""

River (Idaho) Stake. Stake contributed the Ogden Thirtieth, The Improvement Era died at his home

Thirtyfifth, and Thirtysixth wards. of uremia.

The Primary Association anSustained as president of the Mount 99& h nounced the following appointOgden Stake was Elder Albert Leland Elder Dale T. Browning, formerly

ments to their general board: Mrs. Bott, formerly bishop of the Ogden 30 bishop of Ogden Twentysixth

Regena Jensen Anderson, president of Twelfth Ward, and his counselors, Ward, sustained to succeed Elder Wilthe Wells (Salt Lake City) Stake PriElders Wilford Owen Ridges and William S. Wright as second counselor in

mary; Mrs. Orpha Manada Sweeten liam Stewart Moyes. The Mount Ogthe South Ogden Stake presidency.

Boyden, a member of the Bonneville den Stake is made up of the Ogden Fifth, Elder Ferrel E. Carter, formerly bish-

(Salt Lake City) Stake Primary board; Twelfth, Seventeenth, Twentythird, op of Ogden Thirtyfourth Ward, susMrs. Lucille Allen Douglas, a superand Twentyfourth wards, with a memtained to succeed Elder William S.

visor of the North Ogden Second Ward, bership of 4843. East Ogden has a Wright as second counselor in the South

Ben Lomond (Utah) Stake, junior Sunmembership of 5433. Remaining in the Ogden Stake presidency.

day School; and Mrs. Yvonne Wendrich Ogden Stake, with a membership of Elders Harold B. Lee and LeGrand

Wiser, a teacher in the Ridgedale 6087, are the Eden, Huntsville, Liberty, Richards of the Council of the Twelve

Ward, Grant (Salt Lake City) Stake, Ogden Fourth, Sixth, Thirteenth, Twenwere in charge of the above changes junior Sunday School.- tieth, and Thirtyfirst wards, and the in the Ogden, Utah, area of the Church.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The new line of Curtis Woodwork on display at your Lumber Elder Elbert R. Curtis receiving the Silver Antelope Dealer

FOR DISTINGUISHED SERVICE TO BOYHOOD

by Forace Green MEMBER, YMMIA GENERAL BOARD

disthis sincere Saints, and R. terday

as a served has tinguished workerWhenCurtisSuperintendentreceived the SilverElbertAntelope award for distinguished member of the Great Salt Lake Counservice to boyhood at the recent ancil and its executive board. He is

nual meeting of Region 12 held in respected for his work as vicechair-

Fresno, California, he became the man of the UtahWyoming section of sixth of the General Authorities and region 12. He is General Superinofficers of the Church to receive this tendent of the Young Men's Mutual

high recognition for leadership in Improvement Association of the scouting. L.D.S. Church. In this capacity his

Other holders of the Silver Anteleadership reaches throughout the relope are Elders Ezra Taft Benson, gion and the whole world wherever

George R. Hill, and John D. Giles. there are Mormon families. ThouNo man who has received this sands of boys have been affected

high regional award has deserved it through his interest in scouting and more. While his actual service in youth projects in the area. He gives

scouting has been short compared to personal leadership to sectional conthat of a few oldtimers in the proferences and seminars of the councils gram, Elder Curtis has crowded a in his area. Here is a great churchlot of work into a short time. Only man dedicated to the spiritual weltthe standard

those who have been working close fare of youth. His business interests

to him during his period as General are real estate and investments. He for the

Superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A. is a great advocate of the explorer highest

can possibly realize how much effort scouting program."

he has put into making the Scout and Citations arc of necessity kept 'quality woodwork

Explorer program successful in the short. It could have said that he was with Architects, Contractors

Church, in the region, and in the na- a member of the national council, a tion. member of the national committee on and Home Owners.

Part of the story is told in the citaexploring, a member and active chairtion, printed in pamphlet form for disman of the national committee of tribution at the region meeting and Mormon service, and last year served AT YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER read when the Antelope was preas a member of the program comsented: mittee for the annual meeting of MORRISON -MERRILL & CO.

"ELBERT R. CURTIS—Salt Lake the national council. He has reBuilding Material Distributors

City, Utah. Recognized as a tower cently been made a member of the 205 NO. 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

of strength in Utah and by the youth national committee on relationships. 10ISE, TWIN fAUS, POCAUUO, IDAHO RENO, NEVADA

of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lat- {Concluded on following page)

FEBRUARY 1953 73 Elbert R. Curtis

(Concluded from preceding page)

It might have added that he is a naToasted wheat germ tional committeeman for the Great

Salt Lake Council, as well as being

and other committees. makes this hot cereal a member of the finance, nominating,

The work that Superintendent

is minor, however, to what better tasting and Curtiscapacitiesdoes in his official scouting he is doing for the program through

part in having appointed a better for you callingmajor in the Church. He played a

national director of the Mormon Re- l,/, lationships Service, a fulltime profesYou get them all in this great cereal. sional man paid by the National

Doctors recommend Wheat Hearts for Council to work in the interest of youngsters to grow on... for adults to scouting and exploring in the L.D.S.

go on! Church. He helped organize the naBest of all, it cooks in 3 minutes, costs tional committee of Mormon service,

less than a penny a serving! of which President David O. McKay

Youngsters! Adults! Infants! The whole Tomorrow morning serve Wheat is chairman.

. with hearty hot and piping Hearts, likes this rich energycreamy- family of other Literally examhundreds of.. your plus sugar a spoonful milk and its swell, of cereal because packed benefits of the given ples could be jelly. sparklinggood favorite M-m-m! it flavor. Besides, nutlike roasted makes Exto Scouts and are that coming Delicious! good! them feel

is decisions he makplorers through

Unlike other cereals, Wheat Hearts ing daily. Plans for the observance of

is toasted enriched with wheat 20% the fortieth anniversary of scouting is a wonderful germ, germ and wheat source of vitamin B-l. Actually, this in the Church have come largely

cereal is 6 times richer in vitamin B-l from suggestions he has made. Pubthan whole wheat itself. lication of a supplement to the M.I. A.

Lifegiving protein! Food energy executive manual called Our Boys in

Essential minerals! Valuable vitamins! Scouting and Exploring came at his

request. Calls come from all over the

the in strengthening for help Church OFFER! SPECIAL go unheeded. never program. They Pattern Jelly Spoon Exquisite "Queen Bess"ashimself and of them He fills many

Yours for only 250 and signs someone to those he cannot the boxtop from any size meet.

of Sperry Wheat package are exploring scouting and Because value! Sensational Hearts. and Y.M.M.I.A., of the part a major more! times Worth many has been no probably man because gifts. Offer for Wonderful

good only until May 30. more devoted to his calling than SuSend today for your perintendent Curtis, we can repeat

"Queen Bess"Pattern with confidence that no man who

Jelly Spoon to: Dept. I has received the Silver Antelope

Wheat Hearts Jelly Spoon award has deserved it more.

Oakland, California

THE HOUR Skgxnr W. Peach By Arthur

This "Queen Bess"Pattern Jelly Spoon is an exquisite design as modern as today and created to live a ft JfiGHTiER than armies,"so Victor Hugo gracefully through years of bright tomorrows. Other said,

silverware offers on Wheat Hearts box. "Is an idea rising in its final might"

So good... and so good for you A candlelit, in the dark; from that a thousand

wheat AndDimlyfinallynow thethe candledawn beyondof freedomthe night.burns

today and din of war, barbaric threat EARTS In duskWHEATAnother fineHEARTSproduct of Sperry... and power;

for 101 years a leader in the West But still the candle gleams with faith and prophecy 'SPERRY,""WHEAT HEARTS,"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC. The free men of this world shall know its

flaming hour!

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H. Armstrong Roberts

by Christie Lund Coles Old Timer SpokeAn

JL es, I knowed Lincoln;

He spent quite a spell In that same chair With yarns to tell.

Tell you about him?

Reckon I could:

First off, I'd say He was just plain good.

Fightin'injustice,

Afore and behind, Lovin'his fellows...

He was just plumb kind.

Set against evil

Yet knowin'no hate.

Yes, I 'spect I'd say, He was just clean great.

FEBRUARY 1953 75 LONELINESSVALENTINE FOR A CHILD

By Catherine E. Beery By Jane H. Merchant

little all loves the send you street, a along crowded walk I: i ever heart has known: MyI heart, lonely But with a

star, hill for sky For and and tree;

beside others walkThough me here, as Accept your own. them

apart, alone, I am Held by a broken dream and pride I have no deeper wish for you

That will not let me see Nor greater gift to give

Others who walk in loneliness, If quiet loves of little things

Holding a memory. Live with you, while you live.

'street, alongI walk a crowded pass, HOMECOMING the faces watch And

The bitterness, the pain, I see By Beatrice Munro Wilson glass; looking a As in

at impulse,I smile, on someone, It matters little if the sky is gray

And suddenly it seems When home looms near with windows

The loneliness is lifted, rubylit.

The way paved for new dreams. Where love has set the lamp or candle gay,

Home will be warm though snow encircles

HEART'S TREASURE it.

HOME By Violet V. Moore Home will be warm with you beside the

door. * Barker Grace Wilson By 'his I encircle treasure with arms my sing! to a bird without Sunless and *I silky golden shining eyes and Whose slinks before as he vanquished winter's Yet is the shine in the grate, of embersHome hair feet. sees heart eager At home my My towels quite never with bath The hung heart all the within come dreams Are my spring. straight, true

dripping sink, the leaky from kitchenThe entrusted to gift of my God A that long before grow cobwebsThe care: STACKING WOOD IN THE EIGHTIES little love son on depending my you A think,

faith, for as needs he must. comfort and For Tyler Inez Sheldon By spicy of fragrance pie, freshbaked aThe

this dear day, I have one wish more Just in youngest coming with blackenedThe father pride took days gone Lord, much by my eye, In trust. of his thee, worthy I pray roistermake me woodpile. big his In With much soft, of comfort a blueThe warm down

quilt, ing was sawed and split. Each woodAnd understanding love around all built. VALENTINE The

tried farmer By Frances Rodman To fill his woodshed first. We boys would

bring EBONY page; AND a penciled thrusts hand he my SILVER Into in on bobsleds. Soon the long tiers Ours live that could does not wisdom The By Anna M. Priestley

stood this. read

as could as high walls the Against we I at trusting a child (a tender, age) walked but four when night HeOnce, reach; scrawled out one mark that that threaded a path wood. a magic He ispoints On

... bits litter of floor with deep was is a The kiss. frost old before wizard goneThe had

And tipped each twig with an icy hood. On crumpled paper he has written here wood

All that he knows of love, and it is plain. Chopped off from chunks of maple, oak,

I held a lantern to find my way Bright in his eyes love's star is steadfast, and beech.

the light that by small clear;And lamp cast, my

I gazed silver entranced world on a is an hour that will not be again. No easy task to fit the splintery slabs This

That turned to ebony as I passed. Small conqueror, the terms of my surrender Against each other if one was a learner;

Are signed, sealed, and delivered, though The big, gnarled, knotty chunks nobody

Now, when the moonlight guilds the palms, not one grabs,

I dream of another fairyland Could read the cipher; but I will remember Unsplit, we used them in the big baseWith tree and bush turned silverbright The crooked heart, the crayon colors run, burner.

By a lantern held in a child's small hand. Threading the day redlettered in a line But... compensation... gingerbread

That love shapes to a precious Valentine. arms aching,

We all trooped in to sample mother's bakTHE PATTERN ing! TWELVE RIDE TO CHURCH

By Mabel /ones Gabbott By Mabel Law Atkinson FROZEN THOUGHT moved through every day with 'Christ day on each Sabbath whitetop 1 'he buggy By Bernice Ames poise -*- and grace, to the little its journey take Would

With strength renewed in prayerful solichurch, hat is an iceberg but tude; With twelve of us clad in our best array A broken end of crystal snowHe loved unstintedly; and in his face Four to a seat. At every little lurch wAmassed with jut on jut

Was never mirrored thought unkind or rude. We children bounced and laughed with Of danger lurking deep below

He spoke in weighted words of simple We quietrode twoglee. miles through dusty country TheAn endfrigidof water'sglacier flow,tumbled down things,

lanes discriminating mountain's some From leaven the in bread, the sower's seed,The silent, hills for friendly company. crown? With lilies'the wealth, sparrow'sThe wounded father, reins smiling, the held proudly Our

It wings: face beauty's not wears

his called kind, to Nell "Giddap,"And it parable to in every the daily sun deed. glow and Without makeA King.

water's base lapping Or roses reaching, wild growing plucked We, little patiently questions answeredHe shall white. black one on know With No there, full personal forWith concern each; and icebergs sea grow. In garden what

offering, season's the varied Enjoyed aside brushed repeatedly;Nor demands perils in floating mist These wrapped

souls prayer. of the attuned unto day Our littleSo time so had, teach; to he much exist. to cruel reason only Have

is loved old again reborn buggy That

Assuringly, he said, "Come, follow me,"Within our aging hearts each Sabbath What is a prejudice

And now, as then, we follow willingly. morn. But a little iceberg of the mind?

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Evil of Wrong Thinkim by President David O. McKay

believe that the most important for committing them, but he emphasizes the need of thesworld today is true religion. greater need of keeping the thoughts clean,

True religion has three manifestations: first, the mind pure. An evil tree will bring forth

the thought, the feeling, the mental and spiritevil fruit; a good tree will bring forth good

ual attitude of the individual toward his God; fruit. Keep the tree pure, the thoughts pure,

second, the outward acts of worship; and third, and the fruit will be pure and the life pure.

service to one's fellow men. Manifestly a man Again, he decried the evil of cherishing anger.

may conform to the outward forms of worship, "... if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and

yet not be religious. But a man must be rethere rememberest that thy brother hath ought

ligious if he directs his thoughts and his words against thee;

towards God and lets his worship and acts "Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go among his fellow men follow in accordance thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother."

therewith. {Ibid., 2324.)

Charles Foster Kent, in his Life of Jesus, Note how that is worded: "If thou rememwrote of "The Fatal Crime of Wrong Thinkberest that thy brother hath ought against

wisest the centuries ago one of ing,"and many only if thou hast ought against thy heart, thee"—not his in said: of As men a man "thinketh brother.

so is he."(Proverbs 23:7.) No one emphasizes A double meaning in that: A man who would this truth more strongly than did Jesus. "With

truly keep his life in harmony with the fundahim,"says Kent, "the deadly sins were not to his of religion should go principle mental ritual, punishable crime of the even nor neglect ill will against harboring brother be might who all of civilized nations, the but wrong laws by of act worship, the rendering before him, and feelings. the ideas, motives, and He decried

fatal effect of hatred and jealousy in the mind seek understanding and reconciliation.

of the individual more vehemently than he did In similar phrases time and again the Savior the act that hate and jealousy prompt."emphasizes the virtue of right thinking and the

Let me cite two instances. On one occasion evil of wrong thinking. This is the case in

Jesus said regarding the evil effect of harboring his admonition not to condemn one another:

anger: "Judge not (or condemn not) that ye be not

"Ye have heard that it was said by them of judged (condemned)."(Ibid., 7:1.)

old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever These illustrations will suffice to emphasize

shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment: that in true religion it is fundamentally essen-

"But I say unto you, That whosoever is tial to keep our thoughts right towards our angry with his brother without a cause shall God and towards our fellow men.

be in danger of the judgment."(Matt. 5:2122.) Now as to the evil influences that tend to diThus the Savior emphasized the fatal effect vert young people's minds from this right chanof wrong thinking. He knew that if the mind nel: We are living in an age which, measured

could be directed rightly, if the evil thought by the standards of the gospel, is full of unstable and tendency could be resisted, the evil act opinions, and into that world of shifting unwould be minimized. certainty our young people are thrown. Think

Jesus does not lessen the seriousness of these for a moment how their thoughts are diverted acts or say that we should not be punished (Continued on following page)

vzczcczcyyzGyz&czc >QQV:SSC>C.Editor'sPage

FEBRUARY 1953 77 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Continued from preceding page) If a man come from a righteous home, with right from our standards as they read and look and thoughts as respecting the rights of other persons listen to the influences that are all around us. and of society, he will not go far wrong in his acts

Writers and scholars who are shaping the thoughts towards his fellow men.

of youth are in some instances declaring that one A second principle is the principle of prayer.

religious faith is just as good, or just as useless, as There are men in our midst who say that prayer is another. not efficacious. Unfortunately some young people

In customs and fashions, what was considered believe such fallacious remarks. Prayer is a fundabad taste yesterday has become quite acceptable mental principle of religion, the Christian religion

today. particularly, and prayer is a force for good.

The wholesomeness of our traditional and time- "When thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and honored home life is questioned in some quarters. when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father

Modesty is in some circles considered prudish, which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in

puritanic; and the influence is leading astray some secret shall reward thee openly."(Matt. 6:6.)

of our girls who are susceptible to the influence of Every day that we start out on our daily work socalled "society."and mingle with our fellow men, it is appropriate for

Obnoxious and sometimes obscene advertisements every young man and woman in the world to pray let me not flaunt themselves in our faces. in secret, to think and feel in his heart, "O

lose my head this day as I meet temptation; let me

to counteract these doing tendencies What are we fellow not misjudge men. Keep me from tresmy

fatal thinking? toward only wrong I name of rights others."three passing upon the

common phases of our Church influence and teach- A third principle that contributes to right religious

I think ing which are fundamental toward right attitude for the Sabbath day is reverence—reverence living: right thinking and directs things sacred. Reverence thought and for all

First, the duty that rests upon every parent and towards God. Without it there is no religion.

upon every teacher within this Church to arouse Let us not make Sunday a holiday. It is a holy

within the mind of the child a sense of responsibility day, and on that day we should go to the house of towards others. The sacredness of personality is a worship and seek our God. If we seek him on the

fundamental teaching of Jesus Christ. Witness this Sabbath day, if we come into his presence on that

sublime teaching of the Lord given through the day, we shall find it more easy to be in his presence

Prophet Joseph: the following days of the week.

"This is my work and my glory—to bring to pass There should be more reverence for the house

the immortality and eternal life of man."(Moses of worship, for the assembly in a dedicated chapel

1:39.) is in the presence of God. All are supposed to

In this truth is found a fundamental principle of have come to meet him and worship him, and there true religion, and it touches the very heart of the should be present that spirit of order and reverence, government of society and the peace of the home. which will direct the worshipers'thoughts in the

Let the child in the home realize that there are right channel.

certain things which he cannot do to gratify his own God help us to serve him with our minds, might, appetite or inclinations, if in doing so he brings and strength, with kindly consideration for all mansorrow or inconvenience to other members of the kind, and with a prayer and reverence in our hearts, household. A sense of duty to others should be a that we may be protected against the evil of wrong

governing factor in his actions. thinking.

Has Christianity Failed?

by John A. Widtsoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Christianity has not failed. Human history, from been his failure. Thereby hangs the whole tale

the days of Adam, reveals that, if but one gospel of human misery. It would be a beneficent expeprinciple is used, under any name, mankind is rience to have Christendom practise the truths of

blessed and prospered. Man's peace and prosperity the gospel of Jesus Christ.

have risen or fallen with the degree of his obedience In the moral world the everconstant battle is beto gospel truths. tween good and evil. Man is a free agent. WhenThe failure of the Christian world to reach its ever he has chosen good, he has approached joy;

heart's desire lies with the Christians, not with when he has followed evil, the ills of the world have

Christianity. As an ornament, Christianity has no overtaken him. The present chaos on earth, of

special claim for consideration; it blossoms into warfare and its attendant horrors, is of man's own

human value only when used. Man has failed to making. He has chosen to allow evil to rule him,

accept the lifegiving truths of the gospel. That has and he must pay the price of his folly.

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The first and most fundamental error has been of for the truths search mighty that in man's the Evidences civilization, universe has our he which has made confined himself, almost wholly, to the material AND world. Men are victoriously certain of physical

laws—there they face the light; but confronting Reconciliations

spiritual laws, they stand in cowed uncertainty CLXXII facing the darkness.

Therefore, men have fumbled in the dark, failing to find the road they would travel. In fear they

have been set for constant battle. "An eye for an by personal expediency, ever changing, never fixed

eye, a tooth for a tooth"has become their slogan, or certain. Science gives no hint as to whether

however carefully veneered with honeyed words dynamite shall be used to destroy a defenseless city and war and contention, famine and pestilence, or steel be made into swords or plows.

blood and horror have filled the earth. It is no wonder that, as a result, the ethics of our

Examples of our onesided knowledge are many. day is the ethics of selfpreservation—hard, selfThe giant star Betelgeuse, millions of light years willed material—the ethics of every war; and that

away in space, has been weighed and measured; but the history of civilized times is strung upon a

the intelligent domination of the universe remains a crimson trail of blood.

subject of controversy. The law of gravity, by There can be no hope of permanent peace or

which all things are held together, and reduced to true prosperity on earth until men turn their thought orderly motion, is a schoolboy's commonplace; but and power to the elucidation of the spiritual problems

that man is on earth under an intelligent plan is and issues of life. Intelligent man has the power to

held to be unproved. The assembling of electrons into discover spiritual as well as physical laws. "Knock

atoms, and atoms into molecules, to form the world and it shall be opened, seek and ye shall find."If

known to our senses, is as a clearly painted picture; as much time and energy were spent to search out

but the origin and destiny of man are to most men the true basis of human conduct as are given to any among the mysteries of life. The purpose of adaptation one subject in our schools, or in our social and

in the coloring of a butterfly's wing is understood; but political activities, the foundations of faith would

human life is often held to be purposeless. An antbe well laid. Then, the existence of God, for exhill or a beehive shows laws of relationship for comample, would be known with the same assurance that

mon good; but human conduct is measured only the sun shines.

Note: Dr. John A. Widtsoe, who passed away on November 29, 1952, has been editor of The Improvement

Era since June 1935 and has been writing "Evidences and Reconciliations"for The Improvement Era since October 1938. At the time of his passing we had on hand a number of articles which he had previously prepared.

This series will be continued for the next few months.

S5S\5v33&55s5\5w

Richard L. Evans

Tn any loss or injury or illness or accident, the first case, we can't afford to assume that anything which, sharpness of pain, the first fear, the first disapfor the moment, is unalterable, is unbearable. We

pointment, the first sense of sorrow, may seem almost all have to learn to live with some unwanted cirunbearable. But mercifully, in the case of physical cumstances and situations—but blessedly, with faith

patient, purposeful waiting, the first injury, usually the first sharpness subsides—enough and work and

at least to be bearable. And mercifully, this is true acuteness does subside, and we learn to adjust our

lives to our losses, to our disappointments, to our to some extent in other things also. Time—even a

failures and frustrations. To repeat the sentence little time—tends to dull the edge of anguish, and the

things we thought we couldn't learn to live with from Seneca: "No one could endure adversity if

its violence that the it kept it continued same live have to, without) (or learn to we do while when we for well be grateful first blows may we had."1 And (or Seneca to without). learn live with somehow

had something to say on this subject some twenty faith in an everlasting plan and purpose, for faith centuries ago: "No one could endure adversity,"he in compensation and in an ultimate, just judgment

said, "if while it continued, it kept the same violence and for time that dulls the edge of shocks and sorthat its first blows had.... No state is so bitter rows, even when it doesn't undo them.

that a calm mind cannot find in it some consolation. iSeneca, Moral Essays, "On Tranquility of Mind."

... It is possible to soften what is hard, to widen

what is narrow, and burdens will press less heavily upon those who bear them skilfully."1 The shock, Jke Jpoktjpotten Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

BROADCASTING THE COLUMBIA KSL AND the fear, the first sharp pain, the sudden sorrow, do PRESENTED OVER 14, 1952 SYSTEM, DECEMBER soften somewhat as time takes over. And in any Copyright, 1952

FEBRUARY 1953 79 problems of humanity therefore requires an understanding of the scientific method. This may be reduced

to the following skeletal structure:

Gather data, explain the data, test the explanation, and revise the explanation to fit the tests. A scientist, possessing the proper "scientific

curiosity,"recognizes the existence of a problem in nature. Utilizing not

only his own empirical observations, but also anything he can find in the literature, he collects all the facts he can pertaining to the problem, after which these data are organized in a logical and workable manner.

This collecting of data is primarily a process of induction. Having these

facts before him, he attempts to set up an explanation or hypothesis (correlating the data). This may be

part induction and part deduction.

Then, from the explanation he has set up, he makes deductions and subordinate inferences from which his hypothesis may be tested: "If this is

true, then such and such will be the case."He must then devise experiments by which he may test his

deductions empirically under controlled conditions. With new data

from his experiments, his hypothesis may be confirmed in certain aspects or revised to suit the new facts, from which new deductions may be made and new experiments set up.

When an hypothesis has been consufficient a by modified or firmed to environment. Thus response our mere in of science importance rethe experiments, of and number is of also imporphilosophy religious is to any evident worldThemodern acbe experiments of future sults may greatIt the that tance. would seem of achievements observer. The of basis the predicted upon curately

of peace feelings and personal est transformed completely havescience it the gain explanation, this may if could one satisfaction should come a century, within physical worldthe if eventually, of theory and status of the gain understanding mechanan science of have philosophies theand all it exthe disproves and nothing as him, of about and isms world the all of the mindsleft their upon mark field a agree, particular in the perts explanapicture, of a part the same an has Science today.civilized people

dispelled a legion of superstitions and tion as to the purposes for which law or principle.

has enlightened man with the stories it all exists. Yet, instead of these It can be seen then that the scienof uncounted mysteries of nature and two fields of human thought completific method is quite an elegant comthe physical world around him. Purmenting each other to the end that bination of the methods of logic2

suit of the scientific method has lifted man might find the answer to the known as induction and deduction.

mankind up a helix of achievement questions of his longing heart, there It is this combination that has led to to a level hardly dreamed of by the is often a real or imagined conflict all the scientific achievement of which it is also the partakers, are and we take sides, adit seems, must, living only a one foresighted menmost 1 greatthe this that places combination the to one hering debunking and ago.few centuries

other. This all seems rather unest limitations upon how far science

To thinking men, however, matenecessary, and perhaps a closer look may go toward answering the probrial and intellectual advancment at what the exact positions, methods, lems of mankind.

alone are not enough. A thoughtful objectives, and limitations of these The science of logic studies the

and truly inquiring man, after being two fields are, would help in resolvcorrect forms of reasoning. Deducinformed of the complexities of the ing this seeming paradox. tive logic is often referred to as the

human body, will wonder if there is The ultimate source of knowledge method of formal proof. Applying

a reason plan, a master purpose,a is of science in nature the field Scientific 2Searles, Logic Herbert Methods, and the its existencefor over and above 1948; Morris Press, R. Cohen, York, (Ronald NewL., scientific of the the route through

Ernest, to Logic Introduction Nagel, and and An 1943). Brace, (Harcourt, Scientific Method, New York, iMees, Path E. Kenneth, C. The

as discussions of logic texts fine give of these Both gives 1948). York, book ThisNew of anScience,excellent(Wiley,histhemethod.abilityAnyof sciencecritical evaluationto solve theof research. scientific to applied scientific tory of achievement.

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the rules or principles of valid inferNotice that the inference is not Induction is the method of logic ence, first investigated by Aristotle, valid if the minor premise and the that reasons from a particular set of a given set of general statements or conclusion are interchanged: premises to a general conclusion, a

premises will "automatically"imply method of arriving at general con- a given particular conclusion. This clusions of varying degrees of probatype of reasoning, going from general bility on the basis of factual evidence.

premises to a particular conclusion, all water is composed of hydrogen Its simplest form is enumeration:

can always be put in the form of a and oxygen, "There are twelve people in this this liquidsyllogism. Given the general stateand is composed of hydroroom."This is called Perfect Ingen and oxygen,

ment: "All water is composed of then this liquid is water. duction. Obviously, if every case

hydrogen and oxygen,"and a concan be investigated, a general statetainer of material known to be water, ment can be made about them as a the following syllogism can be whole. Thus, if every desk, chair,

formed: This is incorrect because other subtable, etc., in a building is investistances besides water may be comgated and discovered to be built of

posed of hydrogen and oxygen (e.g. wood, then the general statement

hydrogen peroxide), but accepting the can be made: "All of the furniture

truth of the major premise, anything in this building is made of wood.

liquid is water, that is water is composed of hydrogen Complete Enumeration is contrasted

Minor premise with Induction Proper, whereby, on oxygen. the latter syllogism For lis liquid of is composed hydroand the basis of all the cases investigated, to be valid, the premise major would gen oxygen. and Conclusion.

have to be: All things composed of a general statement is made concernhydrogen and oxygen are water. ing all existing cases.

Deduction is concerned only with This immediately brings us to the the methods of correct reasoning from concept of probability and the Principremises to conclusion, and not with ple of the uniformity of Nature. The

the truth of any particular premise. probability that some general stateThus it is logically correct to infer: ment about nature is true is a direct

function of the number of cases which have been investigated and are found to conform. Thus the probability of

If all men are donkeys, the following statement being true:

is this and a man, all (a division monocots in the plant this then is a donkey man lilies, iris, including kingdom corn, grasses, etc.) have parallel veined

leaves; depends completely upon the

number of plants, classed by some

Even though these statements are other definition as monocots, which nonsense, still the logic is correct. have been examined and found to

If the two premises were true, the possess parallel veined leaves. Some

conclusion would have to follow. statements are true by definition, as:

There are many different forms of all plants having one cotyledon in the syllogism, which is to say there the seed are monocots. Monocots

Dr. Henry Eyring, Dean of the are many different ways premises may are defined this way, but in the first

School, Graduate statement, of the degree probability of University of Utah, be different stated and ways many his laboratory. at work in

its being true be would of a relation conclusions inferred be from may them. This process of deduction is the number of monocots examined to

May 28, 1952 used in science to examine the relathe number of monocots in existence.

Dear Editors:

tions between facts or ideas: to recogThis yardstick of truth would leave

"Drother Salisbury has given a very nize from some set of premises some us in great doubt in many cases were clear exposition of the difference conclusion that can be subjected to it not for the Principle of the Uniin method and in purpose of science en empirical test which will prove or formity of Nature which states that

I religion. artithis and recommend

if an event disprove the premises. all repeated Thus, may be a under

cle like highly very would and much sufficient consists of degree similarity oxyof cirof hydrogen and to see it water it published in the where Era will help many people. gen, and a particular liquid at hand cumstances. Thus if hydrogen and

Brother Salisbury is an honest, deis water, then, if the proper methods oxygen are observed to combine to vout Latterday Saint who has done can be found, we should be able to form water under a certain set of a lot of work on this paper and has demonstrate that this liquid does conconditions of temperature, pressure, had the advantage of the criticism of sist of hydrogen and oxygen. Deducetc., it is accepted as a principle that

the believing both the unbelieving. and tive logic points out the relations, and this reaction will occur again under

to seribe difficult It would disagree ously with its accuracy. then the scientist must find some way the same set of circumstances.

to subject them to empirical test. This concept has led to great adSincerely your brother, But the actual problem of investigatvancement of knowledge, especially

ing truth itself lies in the field of in the physical sciences, and must /s/ Henry Eyring inductive logic. (Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1953 81 SCIENCE AND RELIGION - THEIR RASIC POSITIONS (Continued from preceding page) American continent, it still cannot be duction, continuity of protoplasm, be accepted as valid in principle, stated that there were never any eleetc., when applied to a birth where

but its limitation lies in the ability phants there, and for that matter, God himself was reported to be the of the observer to enumerate and the same could be said of kangaroos father? Induction leaves room for

measure the circumstances. This is or anything else. The negative case exceptions unless the Principle of the

extremely difficult in the biological is simply not covered by inductive Uniformity of Nature can apply. If

sciences because of our very incomlogic. Deduction may state the folone would dispute the virgin birth

plete understanding of the processes lowing as a major premise: If eleof Christ, he would have to prove

of life, but even here the idea has phants existed, then we should find that there is no God or that those who been very fruitful and is applied extheir fossils. The truth of this, howreported the event had falsified, but

tensively. Consider the example of ever, would rest upon inductive the scientific method cannot disprove

the monocots. Can it be said that methods! Without them it is merely it.

parallel veined leaves are a necesan arbitrary proposition, either true or Since the scientist is restricted to sary circumstance to being monocots? false. the study of things that he can obThis may be very difficult to deterInduction is only absolute proof in serve, examine, and test, he is unable

mine. the actual cases examined. If eight to study purposes but must confine

The ability of science to discover thousand seven hundred trees are exhis investigations to natural processes absolute truth is limited to the amined and found to be green, it may (in a sense, mechanisms). Indeed,

mechanisms of the scientific method. be said, using proper induction, that he often doubts that purposes exist

The first step is to observe and collect all trees are green, but it would only and is not being strictly scientific if data, and here the human element be absolutely true that the eight thouhe bases his studies on the assumpis often a limitation. The sciensand seven hundred trees which had tion that they do. Science is a game.

tist constantly tries to eliminate hubeen examined were green, and only There are rules that must be folman error by devising machines that probably true that all other trees were lowed and cannot be broken. The

will aid in making the observations, green. It might be stated from the rules are the scientific method and

by striving to maintain an open mind cases observed that all men have had the principles of logic. This is the

ready to assimilate all data, and by an earthly father, but since all cases basis upon which all scientific investideveloping systems and techniques have not been observed, this does gation must ultimately rest, yet such that will remove the opportunity of not logically disprove the virgin birth a hard and fast system is seldom adhuman forgetfulness, prejudice, etc. of Christ. Since so many cases have hered to in everyday scientific work,

The scientist is also limited by his been observed, the strongest appeal simply because scientists are men.

physical ability, as supplemented by here is to the Principle of the UniThere are some things very laudable machines, to observe. He cannot formity of Nature, but what can in human character that all scientists

say that something does or "does not science say about the laws of repro- (Continued on page 96) exist unless he can observe it directly or indirectly, as when its existence implies some phenomenon which in a reliable experiment fails to occur.

The human element may also be a limitation in that an explanation for a phenomenon may simply not be recognized.

Induction is an important limitation on the ability of science to discover absolute truth. Thus, induction may prove a positive statement,

if true, but neither prove nor disprove an allinclusive negative one.

If one single example of a fossil prehistoric horse is found upon the

American continent, no one would raise an objection to the assumption that the horse itself at one time lived there (although it would not be formally proved). Applying the Principle of the Uniformity of Nature

and our knowledge of reproduction, genetics, biodistribution, etc., it follows that a whole race of horses showing minor variations of structure from

the one found had existed here. On

The sciences of medicine if and electronicsthe other great strides are making today. hand, of no example an An operation in progress is being televised to the public from Chicago's Wesley Memorialelephant has ever been the found on Hospital.

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In Memory Of

President George Albert Smith

The presentation was made by At an earlier date, immediately folPresident- General Wallace C. Hall, lowing the completion of President

who expressed for himself and from Smith's earthly mission, the Sons of all members of the society, warm afthe American Revolution had issued fection for President Smith, and great another resolution which was one of admiration and deep appreciation for the many which were read at the his long life of service. President's funeral. It said:

The citation read as follows: The National Society Sons of the AmerIn tribute to his life of service and deican Revolution mourns the passing of one

votion to his God, his country and his of its most distinguished and beloved comSociety and in appreciation of his many patriots who for thirty years has given contributions and particularly for his asunselfishly of his time, energy, and sistance in helping our Society to obtain thoughtful cooperation to the good of our the microfilming of its records through the country and society. We extend our deepcooperation of the Genealogical Society of est sympathy to his family and to the

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Church of which he was such a great

Saints in recognition of his outstandleader. and PRESIDENT C. Hall Wallace efforts as true patriot a ALBERT SMITH ing GEORGE PresidentGeneral

This Certificate in Memoriam is issued to commemorate the Life and Works of his lifetime, years of statements are reminders two These manyDuring beloved our compatriot

Albert of Smith, President to the fact, George wellknown so many GEORGE ALBERT SMITH the eighth President of the people, that President Smith used

Church, was an active member of the Past Vice President General of this Society every possible opportunity to do good

Sons of the American Revolution. He By authority of the National Society and to extend his helpful, brotherly

friendship to all who would receivehad served as an officer in both the of Attest:the SonsHaroldof theL. AmericanPutnam, Revolution.Executive

Utah society and in the national Secretary; Wallace C. Hall, PresidentGen- it, whether they were members of the

society. His interest in this organieral. Church or not.

zation stemmed from his sense of patriotism, one of the things that motivated his life.

Through his activity in the Sons of the American Revolution, he achieved at least two goals that were important to him: (1) He helped foster movements that increased the knowledge

and interest of American citizens in

American history, ideals, and the responsibility of that citizenship; and

(2) through this organization he made a host of friends for himself and for the Church.

A short time before his death the national society of the S. A. R. wished

to have some of its genealogical and other important records microfilmed.

President Smith arranged to have this work done by the Church genealogical society. In appreciation of this,

which was one of his last helpful and gracious acts for the S. A. R., and in

recognition of the service he had rendered the society for many years, the national officers passed a resolution of appreciation, which, some time later, was made into a citation and presented to George Albert Smith,

Jr., as part of the group's national

convention, held May 19, 1952, at George Albert Smith, Jr., holding the citation which was presented to

Houston, Texas. him, honoring his father.

FEBRUARY 1953 83 On my honor by Sylvia Probst Young

Hunched on the barn doorstep, his neither Mom nor Cyril, for GrandMartha had told him time and again:

chin in his hands, Andy watched pa's "grays"were more than just a "You're welcome any time you'll the Ford sedan until it disapteam to him; they were companions. come, Andy."

peared from sight. They had gone He had driven them from the time Glen Cove was only about fifty

to the city—Cyril and Mom. He he was big enough to hold the reins. miles away—fortyseven to the Junccould have gone with them; they had When he was a little older, he had tion and two or three more after the

asked him to; and Mom seemed disaptaken complete charge of them. He road forked. That wasn't so far.

pointed that he wasn't going along. had been the one to feed and water He would be almost sure to get a ride

But he didn't want to go any place them, to harness them to the wagon, as soon as he reached the highway.

with Cyril. Resentment like a fire and always to drive them. And they Yes, he would do it, go to Aunt

burned within him. Everything had were Grandpa's horses, that was the Martha's. Let Cyril do the second

been different since Mom married important thing. But Grandpa was crop hay alone. Cyril had a tractor;

Cyril. He didn't run the farm the gone, and the horses were gone now, he didn't need horses. Guess he

way Grandpa had done; he had new too. didn't need him, either. Mom would

ideas, plenty of them. And yesterMorning sunlight filtered through be disappointed, of course, but—well,

day—a lump rose in Andy's throat the leaves of the box elder trees, and she had Cyril. They didn't exactly

just thinking of Cyril in the meadow beyond, the cows need him around. it—yesterday

had sold Grandpa's team. grazed lazily. Everything was peaceAndy stood up, his decision made.

"We can't afford to feed them,"ful and quiet—everything but the There was a small suitcase in his bedhe had said, "and we really don't turmoil Andy felt within himself. room closet. If he wore cords and

need them now that we have a Tomorrow they would start the sec- a sport shirt, all he would need would tractor. We ought to sell them if ond crop of hay. Tomorrow—Andy be his Sunday suit, two or three shirts

we can."dug his heel in the soft dirt and gazed and a toothbrush—maybe a pair of

Mom thought that Cyril was right. down the gray ribbon of road. Sud- "Levis."

Oh, they had talked it over with denly he smiled. Why hadn't he At the corner of the house a ragged

him, but in the end the team had thought of it before? Aunt Martha's. looking dog rose to meet him. Andy

been sold in spite of the way he felt. He didn't feel like staying home. He patted the big, shaggy head. "Can't

But they couldn't know how he felt, hadn't had a vacation, and Aunt take you, Nig,"he said, "wish I could, 84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA but Aunt Martha hasn't a place for announced in a comradely way, "and "Well, good for you. I think that's

a pooch like you. You stay here, you?"wonderful. To become an Eagle

boy.""I'm Andy—Andy Willis."Scout is an accomplishment."

The dog wagged his tail as if he "You live around here, I guess?"But Andy said nothing, he was sudunderstood, but his eyes followed the "Yah. We have a farm up the denly silent, remembering something

boy he loved. valley a couple of miles."—something he had completely forIn his bedroom a few minutes later, "A farm, that's a nice thing to have. gotten. Funny he hadn't thought of

Andy stood in front of a small dresser, I was raised on a farm myself back in it until Mr. Mangum talked abouthis eyes on a photograph. "They say Iowa."The man looked out across Scouts. The Scouts—they were

I look like you,"he said to the picthe rich, green fields that bordered planning to weed old Brother Mcture. "I can't remember, but I wish the highway. "Nothing as beautiful Bride's potato patch Wednesday eveyou were here. A boy needs his dad."as a field of green, sweetsmelling alning. Andy had told Bill he would

With a little sigh he picked up the falfa,"he said, and then turned to be there along with the rest of them.

it?suitcase. In the kitchen he stopped look at Andy. How could he have forgotten

to write a note. What should he say? "You're taking a vacation to the Bill would be depending on him,

In the end the note propped against city now, I'll bet."too.

a cookie jar, was a brief message in Andy shook his head. "Not that He looked out of the car at the

boyish scrawl: far. I'm going to Willowcreek. Guess road that was taking him farther

you don't know where that is. It's and farther away. He should go

"I've gone to Aunt Martha's east from the junction a couple of back, but he didn't waat to. If he

Andy."there, Bill a that would know little bit of a town. My wasn't

there."reason for being away. a good he had The field road leading to the main miles—justaunt lives up

highway seemed endless to Andy, but Mr. Mangum nodded. "Well, it's Bill was a scoutmaster that underfinally he reached it. He should get nice to have a vacation. I'll bet you've stood things.

a ride now, there were always lots of earned it, too, living on a farm.""But you've always kept your

cars on this highway. With renewed Andy squirmed a little. He wished word,"something inside of him

courage he quickened his steps, keepMr. Mangum wouldn't ask him any seemed to be saying.

ing a watch for any approaching more about the farm or his family beIt was no use. He didn't want

machine. A big, black car streaked cause maybe he wouldn't understand to go back, but he had to live with

past, then a smaller blue one. Andy's why he felt like he did. himself. It wouldn't be any fun nursspirits fell a little. It was so hot. Much to his relief no more was ing a guilty conscience at Aunt

Beads of perspiration stood out on his said on the subject. Instead Mr. Martha's.

forehead. If only he had a drink Mangum started to tell about when "Mr. Mangum—I—well, would

of water! There was not a car in he was a boy in Iowa, and Andy lisyou let me out here? I have to go

sight now, but there was a tree at tened with great interest. back."

the side of the road. Andy turned "We had a big grove of trees beThe big man was completely surtoward it and dropped down in its yond the hay fields,"Mr. Mangum prised at this sudden, strange request.

shade.ing—a long,Just sleekthen helooking,saw agreencar comone. toldold andhim. young."It wasI'vea picnicoften spotthoughtfor "Why,matter? yes,Did Andy,you forgetbut something?"what's the

He stood up quickly. Perhaps if he how much the Boy Scouts would en- "Yes, I forgot something; I forgot a

were walking, they would give him joy that place. If it's still there, I promise, Mr. Mangum."

a lift, but he had scarcely reached guess they use it. Speaking of Scouts, And then Andy was telling him

the road when the car flashed by. He I guess you're one, Andy."everything about Mom and Cyril and

watched it out of sight with a reeling "Yes, sir,"Andy answered proudthe gray horses; about running away

of keen disappointment. He could ly. "I'm working for my Eagle and then remembering his promise

go back to the tree and rest awhile. badge."to the scoutmaster.

But maybe he had better not. Better "I have to go back because I'm a

be on the road if he wanted a ride. Scout, Mr. Mangum, I have to be

Slowly he plodded on. Suddenly good as my word."

the purring of a motor from behind There was sincere admiration in told him that another car was apthe gray eyes of the man. "Andy,"he

proaching. He turned to look at it, said, "I'm grateful that I had the

not quite daring to hope that it would good fortune to meet you.

stop, but it did.

"And you know, Andy, when you A man with silvery hair and a start using that tractor, you'll wonder friendly smile called out to him: "Can how you ever got along without it.

I give you a lift, son?"Your grandfather's ways were the old

"Yes, sir,"Andy answered quickly ways of farming. Cyril's way is the

and hurried to the car. way of progress, from him you can

"It's too hot to be walking,"the learn if you will. And he must be

man said as Andy got in beside him. pretty nice or why would your

He was a big man, clean looking mother love him? Give him a chance,

and very well dressed Andy observed. Andy, and things will work out.

He must be a rich man Andy thought. "It's quite a long way back, boy,

"My name's Mangum,"the man (Continued on page 98)

FEBRUARY 1953 85 innnaraannnn ytlfy'nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn by Dr. L. H. O. Stobbe

HEAD OF THE HEALTH SECTION, POINT IV

SHIRAZ, IRAN

and the site of the famous Shiraz

Blue Mosque of Islam.

In the stillness of the Persian autumn afternoon, an occasional camel caravan or donkey or a gaily painted overloaded bus passes by these shrines, otherwise all of Persia seems to be asleep all afternoon. Colorful

gypsylike families trudge by barefooted on the hot modern pavement or stop to rest in the shade of these trees. They are a proud people and

have every reason to be proud, although most of the passersby are apparently oblivious to the significance of the accomplishments of their ancestors.

The hypereroded, hyperdenuded mountains, with their still present observation towers, which overlook this peaceful valley of one hundred fifty thousand souls, enhance the feeling of antiquity. Protruding in several

THE GATEWAY INTO SHIRAZ VALLEY spots are the ruins of many former

The "Gate of Gates"at the entrance into beautiful Shiraz Valley, has deep religious civilizations. Here once flourished the

military significance. original copies of the and of handwritten One the Koran was educational center of the world with

in the superstructure housed the the gate until above of Persia recently when Shah moved it to the Shiraz museum. The gate was recently rebuilt by a devoted Moslem. its two famous medical schools,

priestly Mullah schools, law schools, "university of all learning,"science, philosophy, poetry, and religion. Not

far from here stand the ruins of the first "world"capital, Persepolis, which

Alexander laid waste in 323 B.C.

The valley has often been traversed by marauding invaders. Arabs, Mongols, Afghans, and other nomadic

tribes. They have destroyed its magnificent buildings with their ornamental, minutely inlaid glass interiors,

its works of art, its colored tile mosaic mosques, its fancy silver works, its looms and its centers of learning. Its

people have undergone the savagery and cruelties of barbarian warfare rePERSEPOLIS, THE FIRST WORLD CAPITAL peatedly. But the people of Shiraz

still are are still undaunted. They

Persepolis, a culture cradle of the antecedent lie the ruins Shiraz of famous Near its city their beautiful with of to proud or the destroyed B.C. Seventhe Greeks that of Great Alexander which 323 Romans,

teen years ago the gold and the silver plates inscribed by King Darius were discovered, wide boulevards, its monuments, but much of the world's history is still buried here. shrines, and mosques, its modern hosthe first clouds appear in the that this site early became a cradle of pital supported by the funds from its

incomparably blue sky, and the culture. modern city waterworks (the only Hs fall winds begin to sway the tall, The huge, openair stadium with one of its kind in all Iran), its medislender, ornamental cedars around the its soccer fields, tennis courts, swimcal school, its bazaar and fancy

cultural oases of the Hafiz and Saadi ming pools, basketball pavilions, and silver shops, its fine outdoor indoor shrines in Shiraz, Iran, five rainless racetracks, at the foot of the magtheaters, its floral displays. Surmonths are ended. It never really nificent tomb of Hafiz, signify the rounded by 721 villages and suburbs,

is still the cultural metropolis, gets either hot or cold in Shiraz, and spaciousness of Persia—the land of Shiraz

thus this ancient, beautiful city enjoys extremes, where anything seems to be the capital of Fars Ostan, the true a most healthful climate. No wonder possible. It is the city of the poets Persia.

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Shiraz is often compared to Salt

Lake City, Utah. It nestles in the

bosom of a similar mountain range, with a dense salt lake sixteen miles from the city in a similar fashion.

Its valley is a broad expanse. Its

crops are raised by hard work and irrigation.

Probably nowhere is one inspired to write and to think more deeply than in the cultural atmosphere of beautiful Shiraz and the worldfamous poets, Saadi and Hafiz probably realized this, too.

The stars in the heavens above

Shiraz seem to be more numerous, brighter, and closer to the earth than in most places. Many of the earlier THE TOMB OF SAADI, THE POET

astrologers came to the Shiraz obSaadi, the learned realist, had inscribed over his tomb his own words, "I am that singservatory to study these stars. ing bird, even though I am in the earth, still you can hear me because I call to you

sweetheart, to his Besides panel engraved garden.)"an rose or (Paradise Gulestan of the from branch organized A fully bits of original over 700 of philosophy his with inscribed are panels other a dozen here functions now. ChurchL.D.S. to him, and brings us nearer to to as "Praise Obedience God. him years such ago,

Two new sons have been born to praising him will increase his bestowals upon us here on earth."

L.D.S. couples on Point IV missions

in Shiraz, and two children already have been baptized into the Church.

The first Latterday Saint Relief Society in all Iran was organized and was functioning in 1952.

In a faroff land it is a comfort to know of a God in whose image we are made and who is our Heavenly Father, to whom we can talk and who answers our prayers.

THE HOLY "BLUE MOSQUE OF SHIRAZ."

This mosque is lined with some of the most intricate, inlaid, beveled glass in the world. Such handwork is now a lost art

even in Persia. In these Moslem mosques

the forms of religion have survived throughout the ages, the apparatuses for worship are still treasured, and the people are called to prayer and to face Mecca from these minarets five times each day.

"There is no God but Allah, and Mohammed is his prophet,"is always in their chant. True Moslems live their religion

diligently, drink no liquor, eat no pork, and do not smoke.

An L.D.S. group, en route to Iran,

gather under the 800year-old olive trees of the Garden of Gethsemane in the Holy

Land.

Left to right: front row (children)

Richard Berryessa, Linda Walker, Scott

Gagon, Mary Bradford.

Second row: Shirley Ann Stobbe, Leslie

Walker, Marie Walker, Marjorie D. Gagon, Shirley Bradford, Arabian guide, Mr.

Haroum, Dr. L. H. O. Stobbe.

Third row: Augusta Stobbe, Janet Berryessa, Troy Walker, Jane L. Miller, Glen

Gagon, Katherine Gagon, Reed Bradford,

Shannon Bradford, June Brown, Jerusalem city policeman.

Back row: Scott Berryessa, Max Berry,

essa, Orrin T. Miller, Douglas C. Brown,

Bruce Brown.

FEBRUARY 1953 EDITOR'S NOTE

The last two addresses delivered by

Dr. John A. WidtFour Cornerstones soe, who passed

away on November 29, 1952, were given at public sessions of the Royal the of Success Commission on South Saskatchewan River Development in Canada, Septemby John A. Widtsoe ber 9-11, 1952.

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE internationallyDr. Widtsoe, recan

(JANUARY 31, 1872—NOVEMBER 29, 1952) ognized authority

on irrigation, was called to be a member of the commission by the

Canadian Government because of his long years of training and exEvery age has its own beginning. practicers of modern irrigation on this perience in this field.

Every man, if he understands, continent, began to irrigate, they Even though these talks were selected audience, presented to a is a pioneer, a pioneer of his own struck at a problem once. law The

little localized to a and seem may day. stream says, "The has been running excerpts are presome, them from

Saskatchewan is a great province, this way for a thousand years and sented here because it is felt that run must spirit, for vision, the same the the the youthful another way save for rainfall. that will admit We

the faith, phithe wisdom, and years; thousand don't it."It touch without further discussion. any Do expressed are in losophy unthem took something more than ordinary for not imagine a that is moment his an eightyfirst in in a common man

uncommon thing. On the contrary, thinking at the time to say, "Never year who, even at that time was

about fifty percent of the earth's whole mind, it is an old law, a statute dating not well, and probably realized else, better that he than early back anyone to the ages. is dark That land surface, including mountains and

live. did not long to have not the for us. law are in Here we all, lies under low rainfall. Perhaps,

if we began to go into figures, we the wilderness, a thousand miles would find that the rainfall amounts from the nearest station of food supto on the average not more than ply. Take out the water. First come, be more important than irrigation.

eighteen to twenty inches a year. This first served, provided he puts the water Think that through; you will find I

leaves with us the thought that we to beneficial use."So the term "beneam telling you the truth.

live in a dry earth, not a wet earth. ficial use,"as you know, and as The dream of making Saskatchewan

lawyers know particularly well, is in- a great grainproducing province,

Many of us, like myself, grew up corporated into the irrigation law of growing grain by dry farming, is not in Europe. That is a wet country. the United States. We may have to a sound dream. It is not sound

Dryness was unknown to me. I grew learn that same lesson here. scientifically; it is not sound economically.up in great the cannot and of was heart thrown commonwealth A

States United live The cannot the arid of built region farming. might the dry States. be on You United

it; alone. tried failed. have we We I as also in then, to that books write your lookAnd back, began down

It world; is one every and and man

it done. essential that the For be I found Saskatchewan cannot questions

black or white, woman, born into the to its destinedwhich been asked to grow have been here had proportions—nations has right to existence, some deliberately destined use theasked over word over again and and had

to some right use the resources of shifting that flows acaused of civilizations the water use must from the—it earth. consider must him. We We it to fertilize ofthe the soil. days through That to today. Babylon

cannot stand alone, away from him, can be done. You have more water

So, of course, we have conquered and he cannot stand alone, away from in one stream in Saskatchewan than the world are conquering and all state the streams in my is stillthere a good in together brought one deal to do—weit us.I am sure you can stand together weof Utahhave inif

are going to answer the questions in cooperation, in love of one another. stream. Yet we have been able to

which you have raised here. SasFor love is stronger than the other build a state, and a great state, out

katchewan, a prairie province in need forces; and when a nation builds of that water.

of water, as the days come and go, upon love, the right kind of love, it It is not a question entirely of will find to a secure water way and is invincible; it cannot be overthrown. whether irrigation is good or not.

itswill rise greatness. potential to

There is no question in my mind T am beginning to grow old in the is,Thatshallis athissettledprojectfact.be theTheprojectquestionin

to tryabout that. make me Do not service now, the and shall Province; convinced it be I am now or later;believe, or elsewhere, here anyone that will success be no final achieved, a arise thousand questions one and

that the South Saskatchewan River whether in irrigation or dry farming, in considering this project,—practical,will run untouched forever and a unless we get the help of the women. everyday questions. That some day

day. The time will come—it is not far it will be built, either here or someWhen the Mormon pioneers, early distant—when home economics will where else, is a foregone conclusion.

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Any man with a vivid intelligence will River Project. You can have it, but hundred years ago, when they had

know, and may tell us so if he chooses, you have got to get it. been in the wilderness only three

that irrigation is bound to come in Let me say to you that out of the years and when they lived in log

Saskatchewan. That is a foregone experiences that we have gained, we huts, assembled officially in a twoconclusion; that is not in question. peoples of Canada and the United roomed house, and under law organThe question now, today, under the States, have come simple principles ized a university, the first university

conditions that exist, is, can this of action. They cannot be ignored on this hemisphere organized west of

commission find the ways and the by you; they cannot be ignored by the Missouri River. They had faith

means for suggesting the authorizing the United States; they are eternal, in God and faith in education, and,

of the building of a dam or the dam unchanged. There are four cornerthird, they worked together in cofor the purpose of irrigating this parstones upon which you are to build operation.

ticular section of the lands of SasSaskatchewan, and build it, perhaps, Then certainly I should not fail katchewan? Do not forget that you into the greatest province of Canada, to say that a man must be industrious.

will never be able to cover all of and I know Canada well enough to By the toil of these hands and the

Saskatchewan with water. The best know what a tremendous future it use of these fingers do men achievewe can do is to make use of the water will have—not a great future merely great ends in life. They may write

we have and irrigate a certain fracin oil and copper and waterpower books; they may dream dreams; they

tion of the land and build up a sysand so on. These are incidentals. may hope for great things to come,

tem of agriculture for a province You cannot build a great state on copbut unless man industriously makes which is partly dry farm and partly per, on oil, on water power. The use of the powers given him by day,

irrigated. We have done that in the only way to build a state is to start day after day, he cannot accomplish

western United States. It can be with the soil; and no province, no that which is worth while and which

done. We know how to do it. state ever will be quite successful unhe hopes to achieve.

it less soil. firmly stands the upon five years ago hundred One four vital These four cornerstones But these I would principles—faith, ofthis group summer-—in education, and1847—a cooperation, industry are leave easy behind to remember:

in theirpeople, driven from homes be practised must here, and you canplains inIllinois, across the trekked not build this project unless you build is one The first faith—F-A-I-T-H. valleys foundedthe mountain and It it knowingly, understandingly. these stood prairies of the a I have on

lot of things of interest to us, amongst future, with the understanding cannot be built without the cooperathem irrigation—community irrigathat. God, after all, is at the helm. tion of all, or unless we have the love

tion in the modern western world. And if a nation or a province or a of our fellow men in our hearts. And

They met the desert, a waste of home departs from faith, it will all be it cannot be built at all unless we use desert. Like the desert, the prairies useless in the building of a future. our powers to do the necessary work

are not friendly to us. They do not Just keep that in mind. of the day. These four simple princiwant to be taken over by civilized ples that simple people can underman. They prefer to lie idle. And Second, learn to secure knowledge. stand lie at the very foundation and

these pioneers in 1847 looked upon the I glory in the fact that my people, a bottom of all material success.

wastes, the sagebrush, the untimely, untidy desert growth. They had

nothing to eat; they were a thousand miles from the nearest outpost

of civilization. But they had to live.

They wanted to live; they wanted the

comforts of life; and they lived that

way because they wanted to build and did build a great state and showed the whole world how it could be done.

When I directed the Agricultural

Experiment Station in Utah and had daily contact with these problems we are talking about today, I had visitors from every nation under the sun.

They came by the scores and by the fifties, sometimes by the hundreds, to find out how it was done.

They talk about Iran and Brazil today. Just a little while ago one of

the Canadian newspapers told a story of how the Iranian people are building their state as best they can upon the experiences of what they saw in the Far West.

The same situation exists here in One form of modern irrigation, as now practised in the west, includes the syphonconnection with the Saskatchewan ing of water from ditches into furrows through plastic suction tubes, as illustrated above.

FEBRUARY 1953 89 ofThe Stick JUDAH and the by Hugh Nibky, Ph. D.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYStick of JOSEPH ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION,

Tallysticks 600 years old with their original bag and labels. The

shorter sticks are the "stocks,"the larger ones the "foils"to which the "stocks"were fitted to "become one stick"in the hand of the king's representative upon the completion of payment by either party and the settlement of the account. (Reproduced from "Archaeologia"

of years and For thousands Fisch world. Rabbi recently, More II What Were the Sticks? picture. beeach of holy shrines, "at hundreds interpretabasic this has confirmed

of the center exact the to mark asseen. have might.. one universe Thesevenththemechapterof theof Ezekielwhole isthirtyclear tion."tribal rodsNoworthestaffsbringingmarkedtogetherwith theof lieved

to all: it is the great final gathering names of tribes was actually practised sembled at the New Year—the moof ment the nation assembled, Israel when nain holy into a people of Lord's the

of of ending have not commentators creation,time—vastthe beginningconcoursesand indeed scepter and the forever under tion, united

the represent to thought each people, identity probable the to note failed anointed, king, God's rightful of the of presence the in race entire human the Ezekiel with of for- "sticks"of the the Lord of sanctuary the with 28 gods.'"1 The and ancestors all its sevenin the described rods tribal 2128.) (Vv. midst. their in ever

assemgreat and perfect of a concept But since of Numbers. of chapter the first teenth half bones of the The dry at the race human whole bly of the into failed to look lost experts have the that Israel has represent chapter

hope of ever becoming a nation again, the remarkable institution of the tribal throne of a heavenly king is thus and as Professor Driver observes, rods, it shall be necessary here for the dream and ideal of every nation

Ezekiel shows that "God can restore us to consider the subject briefly, reof the ancient world, and that not by or invention of independent of virtue as reader, much out the it ferring plant to life and nation the dead 29 but rather development, evolutionary of our studies vanity, to as necessity Driver its old home."in again

further points out, what most scholars own on the topic. as the common, though often deoverlook, that the uniting of the The great national assemblies of natured, heritage from a single lost31 "

sticks to represent (as the prophet the Israelites, such as that one idealpattern of church and priesthood.

all who came to these asexplains, vv. 2022) the reuniting of ized in Ezekiel 37, had their counterNow

the nation is a necessary part of the part in every nation of the ancient semblies were represented individualTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA 90 ly and collectively by rods or sticks. spread out before him at the New morning, he summoned together all Israel,

Consider first the individual identiYear, telling the fortunes of the year the 600,000 men, showed the seals to the fication rod: as he gave away unlimited wealth to theleadersCovenant,of the tribes,and openedbrought theoutArk theof

Throughout the northern steppe it was all the tribes who came to answer rods....**

the custom to require all who came to the the summons to present themselves king's to bring assembly arrows with them, before him on that day—the only day A variation on this theme is the to king. present these personallyand to the

From these arrows a census was taken, of the year on which the veil bevery ancient story of "how all the of Israel the required to were outer attend and men world tween himeach single submitting shaft, but a was man representedwhich bore his mark, and him a great assembly, recalls bringing removed. his This of the each king

for "both in the Old World and the New, Babylon "shaking out the arrows"staff, to be handed over to the high the as arrow to stand the token came and before him in divination at the New priest and used in a lottery for the ofsymbol the used arrows a man."To 39

may be applied, for want of a better term, Year, and Hoenir in the Far North, distribution of brides."It has close

parallelsthe "censusarrow."his censusholding the holy lottery in name Bedouins, The among the Golden

arrow is found Scythians, among the Age. 40 It the ancient vividly Turkish, most reminds Finone Scythians,

Tartars, Persians, Georgians, Norsemen, of the ritual feasts tribes. 45 Mongolian, of certain and Ossetian Indians nish,

Indians, it survived and American in and 1 of the expression northwest There is a remarkable coast/ recognizable in India, Egypt, form and the

Far East. 33 The most famous of all tribal found in the colophon of the oldest

The Greeks and Romans prebundles, with one exception, was the known Hebrew text of the Pentateuch cir. 930 A.D.),served the censusarrow as a simple Roman fasces, symbol of the unity (the Aleppo Codex,

in which the author of the text isrod or staff, such as the marked rods and authority of the nation—origithat had to be presented by the nally twelve sticks bound together12 to designated as "Mar Rab Ahron Mar

jurors for admission to the heliastic represent twelve Etruscan tribes. The Rab Asher, may his soul be bound in

courts, and the "sections of reed"one exception is, of course, that the Bundle of Life with48 the righteous submitted by all who would particibundle of twelve rods which, accordand wise prophets."Farther on,

pate in the great public feasts in the ing to the Talmud, were all cut from the colophon speaks of a group of

Eastern Empire. 33 The Arabs al- a single stick, and bound together other venerable doctors: "May their

ways "employed reed arrowshafts, when43 Moses laid them up in the souls be bound in the bundle of Life in the of Garden beneath earliest the Eden be the may ark. What alikedevoid of feathers heads, and. "Life... of Christian writing these after exthe i7 From New Tree but bearing some individual marks of

ownership, 'to make division'at their Testament thus elaborates on the acpressions it is apparent that the tribal feasts,"33 a custom which Freecount in Numbers 17: tribal bundle was actually an ancient

institution. Hebrew refers directly to the "sticks"ofman took And he them toand bound them It is quite obvious that these cusEzekiel, chapter S7. 34 For the use of gether, sealed and [them] rings with the

such identificationsticks on the occaof the leaders of the tribes, and he laid toms, found throughout the entire sion of the great assembly of Israel them up in the Ark of the Covenant before world (we have but skimmed the suraltar the of closed God. the he And Ark face here), are local inventions, no is clear from in 17, while Numbers

sealed locks, and the just as he had all to the but single a go back prototype.the oldest Christian literary comporods. he said unto Then them: and Men

sition, "the Pastor of Hermas (Simil. brethren, that tribe whose rod shall blosWhen Fowkes compares the holiest

viii, 1-6), all who come to the assemsom has been chosen of God to be priests possession of the Cheyennes, a ritual bly of the Lord present sections of and ministers to Him. And when it was (Continued on page 123)

willowreed for admission, each receiving his proper place as designated by certain cuts (schismata) on his rod."The rods or arrows submitted by all who came to the feast were often bound together in a ritual bundle to signify the unity of the nation.

"Bundles of fiftytwo rods, bearing individual and tribal markings...

represented the full membership of Indian tribes in assembly,"as of the

Tartar tribes of Asia. 3"Equally common are tribal bundles of seven arrows, such as the holy bundle of the

Osage, which "represented the Seven

Chiefs, who held the tribe together in peaceful unity."37 Such tribal

bundles are found in the Old World among "the Scythians, Alans, Slavs, and ancient Germans (who also chose their leaders by drawing willow lots), and these have been compared with Modern English tallysticks. The photograph shows how the sticks fit tothe Persian Baresma."38 The Persian getheror otherto wood"becomecouldone,"be usedas wellto cutas primitivethe mannertallies.in which simple rods of willow

king would sit with the Baresma (Reproduced from "Archaeologia"Vol. 62 (1911), Plate xlviii.)

FEBRUARY 1953 91 for Sara realized, with her keen sense of understanding, that to keep children and grownups happy and more"As Unto The Bow..."eager to attack the tasks at hand,

relaxation and fun be must by Edith P. Christiansen there

all work. hard the along with

Therefore, picnics and parties were devised in which all the family memCONCLUSION bers participated. On one such occasion, the entire community turned

out, arriving at the designated picnic ground in buggies, wagons, and on

SYNOPSIS horseback.

Norwegianborn Canute Peterson joined the Church in Illinois. It was a successful occasion with

it While he was on his first mission to Norway, his wife, with the help everyone having a good time. And

of neighbors, endeavored to keep his farm in Dry Creek (Lehi) going. was at this picnic that Sara noticed

consequently was year, and one planted late being was wheat Her attenusual than more not Peter paying the kept comgrain crickets. of Her the horde destroyed by to be up a lovely, Thompson, to tion Johanna returned from Canute winter, and when that starving from munity

to girl. smiled Sara attractive young Years to him. given was of the wheat bottle small a mission, his

later Canute and his families were called to settle in Ephraim, where herself, thinking her son was getting he was bishop. As the instalment ended last month, an Indian upalong in life.

rising was just being put down. Glancing in the other direction,

she saw Sanie walking hand in hand schoyoung, the Lund, thon * conscientious energetic, capable, at and visitor called later a months & was larly who t lad from Denmark jSome Indian trusted home. Canute's A

. reShe Ephraim. teaching; j U1 &. in,. school.,,, the.1 able iher the management message TTUnder with warrior, came he & seemed,had then Same membered

,.,,that to +to things.1. sisters did,., wanted many Black Hawk Chiefthat J prosperr

<,... in.,her absorbed. own and, r.. preoccupied? to of organization. \tthe the come he work would Canute, withtalk.. rrfIheyt. i late,Ifltp sheshp wonderedwondered nfof andand tVinnoVitcthoughts

Relief Society built a Hall mountains which the in Indian campthe m abof her if cause the was Anthon glean their meetings, to by hold and of Ephraim?east hearts, Sara their Bless stractions.

fields stored they in the ing many up brave the told had After Canute love. is for time the youth mused,

of of wheat. bushels hundreds their to camp come wouldthat he Peter months, winter the During idea initiated also novel the Sara quickly Indian the day, nextthe Johanna, with company steady kept idea of This Eggs."was "Sunday off. rode horse, and hismounted prefer Anthon's to seemed Sanie and Relief to the give that they would boxes loaded Canute next day The in boys other of the to any company laid all that the Society eggs were on of jug a bread, hams, sugar,with moonlight on Often the community. sell society the would Sundays, and medicines, flour, and molasses,good four spring, the the during nights of dollars were them. Hundreds to red gifts the as take toclothing in rides for go people would young alone. this project raised through friends, his asked then Itmen. He horseback. on and surrey the collected used was thus money The Taylor, and George Beal,Henry to surprise Canas therefore no came with poor, immigrants to help worthy to interpreter, an Whitlock,Charles people the young Sara ute when and costs. their immigration to journey the him. Andaccompany of marryintention their announced this Egg Also through Sunday begun. was encampment Indian the 1870. of spring the in ing thirtyseven project, over hundred

When the four men arrived at dollars was raised by the sisters and At practically the same time, Cantheir destination, the same Indian given towards the construction of the ute received a call to go to Scandinathat had brought the message directed Manti Temple via to preside over the mission there.

them to Chief Black Hawk's teepee. On one occasion when so many The household was now in a flurry

Black Hawk, sick and weak, exSunday Eggs were brought in, Sara of work and preparation, preparing plained to Canute that he had great smiled and happily remarked, "It both for the double wedding and for love in his heart for him, the white seems that even the chickens have Canute's departure for his twoyear father, and he was thankful to him entered into the spirit of this thing. mission.

and his people for their kindness to They seem to lay more eggs on sUnFinal preparations were completed, his people, and that he wanted peace day than on any oter ay of the and the four young people and Canand friendship between them. ute drove off for Salt Lake City, the

Charles Whitlock interpreted as It was not "all work and no play,"(Continued on page 98) fast as the chief spoke.

Canute's ability as a mediator had served well. "As unto the bow the cord is,

Besides the numerous duties about So unto the man is woman;

the home, Sara was busy with her ThoughThough sheshe drawsbends him,him,yetshesheobeysfollows;him,

Church activities. Useless each without the other!"

Soon after settling in Ephraim, she Longfellow, Hiawatha, Part 10, 1, 1.

was chosen president of the Relief

Society and in this capacity was a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 92 tomorrow's way..

do it with Engine Power Minutequick!

How would you like a tractor that does everything Timesaving shortcuts begin when you roll the easy way? A tractor that frees you from heavy open the machine shed door. Engine power spaces

wrenches, wheel jacks, tractor grease gun, tire the tractor wheels. The tractor drives in to attach

chains, wheel weights, tugand -hoist implements your cultivator frame. Line up your plow or disc

... all the old bonds of yesterday's farming? harrow to one master hitch point, and GO.

The new AllisChalmers CA uses its quickTraction Booster automatically increases responsive engine power seven ways to shoulder weight on the drive wheels in tough spots. Twomore farm tasks than you ever imagined a tracClutch Control keeps PTO machines running after

tor could do. tractor is stopped—like an extra engine.

Be first in the field and first home at night. It's

quick and easy with an Allis -Chalmers CA... the

tractor ahead of its time.

ENGINE POWER does it all ]. POWER SHIFTS drive wheels out or in.

2. BOOSTS TRACTION automatically.

3.Powers harvesting machines stopor-go

with TWOCLUTCH CONTROL.

4. Lifts and controls mounted implements.

5. Controls pulled implements hydraulically.

6.Drives beltpowered machines.

7.Pulls 2-bottom plow or equivalent in

toughest soils.

flUISCHflLMERS TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A.

FEBRUARY 1953 V. 93

unesD TH E JV e*nz*>ct42l& L.D.S. RECORDS and ALBUMS

NOW A VAILABLE THENEW LORETESTAMENTOF THE onlybut alsoto matureto youngstudentsratherof theimmatureBible

CHOIR TABERNACLE Gaer. Little,MM861THE It is free and MORMON (Joseph It Comminds. Brown partisan bias. from r $6.29Vol12"records ume pages. Boston, Mass. 1952. 371 pany, story tells the in a straightforward Saints; manCome, Come Ye O I,MyfourFather;

Great Thou Guide With Me; Abide Us, O

Faith to of the Lord; Praise Our $5.00.) ner.—/. A. W. Jehovah;

Lord's Fathers; The

Fortress; Mighty King; A Prayer;O OGod,WorshipOur Helpthe "pvERY person who becomes interested

in PIONEER Past; Thank Ages All Our God; JEWS OF UTAH Now We reTHE Bible deep soon feels in the

Lift Eyes. Thine (Studies History, in American Jewish explains to its message. record sponses That longplaying as on 1 aboveML2077—Same

$4.00 2, Waiters. by Leon L. Amerithe Number of flood about books continual Volthe CHOIR, TABERNACLEMM899THE

Historical Society, can York. Jewish MORMON12"II, records four $6.29 New ume here pointed Bible. author has The

Let the Shout the Mountains 1952. 199 pages.) of the love Testament is out the Jesu, of Over; New Day Work for GodJoy; Incarnate;Now

Hail! Bright "Tannhauser"; from Abode

is the Glorious Achieved from "The that came to him. While there are oc- P\r. Waiters has done himself proud Work

Supplication; Creation"; of Hear Out My point of view, lapses casional our from for in gathering material this book

the Silence Rise "St. Arise! from Up!

it interesting is a most the early concerning in the main Paul"; persons in Hallelujah "Mt. of Chorus from Jewish

Olives". as above on 1 longplaying record book.—/. A. W. Salt Lake City. He, himself, is wellML2098—Same

$4.00 informed and welltrained for this task

Jessie Evans Smith, soloist, and the Tabernacle Choir, "King of Glory"and "Behold 'Tis BEETSUGAR ECONOMICS of producing a volume of historical 12"record Eventide", $1.31 (Edited by Dr. R. H. Cottrell. The value to Utahns and all others who areJessie Smith, Evans soloist, "I Walked in God's

12"record Garden", $1.50 Ltd., Printers, history. Caldwell, Idaho. interested Caxton in pioneer has He

Jessie Smith, Evans of soloist, "That Sweet Story pages. $5.00.) of to the 1952. 379 also contributed 10"the making record Old", $1.16

Jessie 10"soloist, Smith, Evans Choir", "Angelic state, great A. W. record is really $1.16 a study than book more HpHiS Utah.—/.

Jessie soloist, Evans Smith, "In Luxembourg history in beet economics. sugar Gardens""Four A Ducks and Pond", On Athe

10"record PIONEER HISTORY $1.16 OF is TREASURES in America of sugar beet makingJessie soloist, Evans Smith, "Four Ducks On A Carter. B. Kate (Compiled by Daughters 10"record Pond", $1.16 Cottrell this Dr. in volume. presented

Jessie soloist, Evans Smith, in "They Found Him of City, Salt Pioneers, Utah. Lake Utah of collegiate fine piece a work has the done Temple"Friendly, and Leonard organ

solo, "Valse Amelia"$1.31 in collecting the material in this volume 1952. 513 pages. $3.00.) Friendly,Leonard organ solo, "Valse Amelia"$1.31

|—MAIL THIS COUPON—j which should be of prime value to the TThe Daughters of the Utah Pioneers

years a throughout the done have as enwell as an manufacturer sugar

I I Please send the records checked me have

II I above. service collecting in material superb sugar. Beetof users to the lightener

i the Post Office As will no insure longer days. dealing early pioneer with I This is closely so connected records sugar making unless they are of unbreakable an

material, must, therefore, this auwe have to has year published year been from of history the early the Church with |i signed stating Ithorization| will you assume

I title, fullfull ifif of reSDOnsibilitvresponsibility the under the thfthe rerrtrAzrecords "Heart Throbs nrpare nror hrnlfanbroken well of the cannot that Church members in j shipment. damaged

first appears in the West."volume this giving without aside Now lay volume

I Name series, of after a the modeled it new A. careful W.

j DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY reading.—J.

4547 to South Main, former, a promises be book which

I Please send me Saltthe recordsLake CityI have1, Utahchecked interesting. All interpersons I above. PRESCRIBING FOR THE equally

| Name BODY POLITIC ested in Utah history should secure a | Address (G. Homer Durham. University of copy of this book, which soon may be a

I City & State! Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah. 1951. 32 rarity, and keep up with the succession

of treasures as pioneer of the pages.) I————Cash————Charge—|Q C.O.D. to they year appear from A. W. year.—/.history Tr. Durham has here tried.to guide

out thinking our by spreading Daynes Music before FARMING AND GARDENING that, if properly political avenues us the used, may lead us to the desired heaven IN THE BIBLE (Alastair Press, I. MacKay. Rodale Em- A. W.

pages. Pennsylvania. maus, 1950. 280 4547 South Main, Salt Lake of happiness.—/.

$3.00.) 745 North CHRISTIANITY University, Provo BIBLE AND Co.—"Dooks about the Bible and the things Dr. Albert Schweitzer, (Introduction by

published by Year, The Annual Picture about this greatest book in the world

History, Los Angeles, California. 1952. will be constantly produced by students

1092 pages. $7.95.) and writers. Here is a very interesting

story of farming as discussed by the TRAVEL

Bible.—/. A. W. THIS SUMMER Tn a thetext thousandfor our quartileinformation,pages,andwitha

of story Bible the pictures, the thousand: Special Offers PEACE TO A JEW of since Christianity history the and Rona. Pageant (Herbert to tour school Summer Hawaii $519 Press, New 1 14pages presented. are Christ On pages. All 118 1952. York. $2.50.) to girl tour Europe $950

entitled, article "The 115 an Mormon

Contact us for information on these Faith, a Native American Religion HPhis engaging volume, written by a and other special tour offerings. the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterJew who found final peace in the

day Saints"appears. It is altogether an restored gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ,

Universal Travel Service, Inc. attractive volume. It forms indeed a will challenge the attention of all gosTemple Square Hotel variable encyclopedia of Biblical and pel students. Mr. Rona speaks out of

SALT LAKE CITY Christian history. It is so arranged personal experience bound together by 5-6552 - 5-5924 and produced as to be of interest not a fine literary style.—/. A. W.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DEDICATION

by Helen H. Jones

Thehis bishop,eyes werehis facemisty,radiantstoodthoughwith studydents roomstogetherwheremayteacherconsiderand stuand his wife at his elbow in the foyer evaluate in terms of everyday living of the new chapel accepting conthe principles of the gospel as taught gratulations on the completion of the by ancient and modern prophets?

building. Strangers might have The Scout room—Will it be a real

questioned the hand shaking, the boy center where boys and men who back slapping, but in the closely knit are capable of leading them will work organization the love and enthusiasm together to make these important was like that manifested by a large years of a boy's life a period of family at a reunion or a wedding. growth toward the highest of human

.IlllSli!"It's done.""It's finished.""Do you ideals? illMremember the night when—?""I The Relief Society rooms—Will

can hardly believe it's really comthey be a center for culture and good pleted."... works where all of the women in the nm

When the group moved inside the ward will profit by the lessons and Wmm chapel for the dedicatory services, the share in the joy of service?

feeling of a task wellcompleted perThe amusement hall—Will it be

sisted. The local brethren talked a recreational center where our young

about the progress of the work, the people may enjoy the association with troubles that had been ironed out, others in an atmosphere free from the problems that had been solved, temptation and finally select for life the weight of responsibility that was companions other Latterday Saint now lifted from shoulders grown young people so that God's children weary under pressure. The visiting may be "equally yoked"and begin

Authority praised the members for their lives together in God's holy their sacrifice of time and effort and temple?

money. He said that it was wonderThe font room—Will the people

ful that a group so small could acwho go down into the waters of complish a project so large and baptism in the beautiful font go, promised that those who had conknowing what covenants they are tributed would be blessed. making with God, what blessings

There was a warm feeling of shared they are receiving through followaccomplishment in the chapel, yet I ing the pattern set by Christ?

felt something was lacking. Not The chapel—Will it be a meeting

that I, too, wasn't rejoicing, but it place so sacred that the spirit of seems to me that a chapel dedication, God will seem close even when it is like a school commencement or a empty?

wedding, celebrates not only the comNone of these values is attained pletion of one segment of an imporwhen the chapel has been newly tant thing, but also the beginning completed; none will come to us as

of an even more important period. a matter of course. Each must be

School days, courtship, the time spent achieved through tireless and perin actual building construction sistent effort, through humble and these are like earth life compared to constant prayer.

eternity. They are important but Y\Jnv.N the chapel is dedicated, one

brief, and essential because they lead part of the work is finished, and into a richer future. we are glad; but the greater work

It seems to me that a dedication remains to be done. The work beservice shouldn't the time be for conPerfect not really us hard. hind was

J tented sighs, for the but "girding up for us; it is easy 3?: H plans prepared were

of loins"to face a greater challenge. to work together when progress is

measurable, where results are tangi-,rPHE junior Sunday School assembly ble. That which is before us is more

room—Will it be a place where difficult. For it, there is the blueour babies learn to love Jesus and print "Be ye therefore perfect,"but

receive the impetus to try to be like there is no standard for measuring him? daily accomplishment; the goals to

The classrooms—Will they be be achieved are frequently intangible.

FEBRUARY 1953 SCIENCE AND RELIGION (Continued from page 82) to receive the answers to his quesThe logic of this situation should be must apply in their work if they are tions by direct revelation from a made very clear: If there is a God

to succeed which, however, are not supernatural source—from a God who in command of the destiny and purallowed under the rules of the scienwas responsible for the purposes and pose of man, and if this God is able

tific game. Faith is one pf these. knew the answers. Assuming a superto hide himself from or reveal himThe scientist may have faith in himnatural source and its ability to transself and his word to man according

self, his work, or anything else, and mit information to mankind, the logic to his will, then absolutely the only without it he would be a poor scienof this method is infallible. Revealed way man may learn of God is when

tist, but when he presents his argureligion is based upon this assumption God chooses to reveal himself to man.

ments and discoveries, the form must and the evidence for its being true. (Continued on page 112)

be according to the scientific game, and there is no place for faith. >>>v2\3\9sJAA>v>s3viX2s3\Jv

If the matter in question cannot be observed, tested by the physical senses, and subjected to the principles of,em Oi logic, it is not in the -realm of science philosophy,but metaphysics, becomes religion.or perhaps is accordeJjldclpunina people This

ing to the rules. Hence, if a scientist Richard L. Evans

makes the statement that we don't know the physiochemical basis for ""There is an always urgent field for thought in the problem the origin of life now, but someday in of disciplining people. Parents, and others, may frequentthe future will, he is breaking the ly find themselves searching and praying and pleading for

rules and is not being scientific. 3 He is wisdom and guidance in the teaching and disciplining of

using faith and speaking as a philosyoung and impressionable people, and of others also. There

opher, not a scientist. As a scientist has been a longcontinuing controversy on the question of

he may only state that which may how harsh to be, how severe, how lax, how indulgent—

be proved. That most scientists at controversy that has seen the duty of discipline torn at times

some time become philosophers in between the tendency to be too severe, too demanding, and part is not a bad thing, but the disthe tendency to be too soft, too indifferent, too indulgent.

tinction should be made clear. Not only from one generation to another, but also perhaps

from time to time in our own lives as individuals, we have

According to the limitations of the seen the swaying between the old adage "Spare the rod and scientific method, science is powerless spoil the child"(which concept has often been abused), to to approach the purpose of man's the softer sound of simply "spoiling the child"(which has existence or, for that matter, even to also been abused). There may be no known infallible forrecognize such a purpose. If man mula for the problem of disciplining people. To prepare such

exists as part of some master plan a prescription for all circumstances and situations would such as the ultimate perfection of the seemingly require a wisdom exceeding that of Solomon. But

human soul, science alone can neither in any such prescription, there are some essential component affirm nor deny it. Science may study parts and some elements to be utterly avoided: First of all,

the how of man's existence but can there should be no laxness or indifference to duty. There

say nothing about the why. It is should be a fairness and consistency of penalties imposed,

simply not applicable to the scienwith a judicious weighing of facts. And, finally (and in puntific method. There are no sources ishment it may seem paradoxical), there should be love.

of information that may be tested by Punishment in hate may leave its ugly inerasable marks both the senses. There are only two other upon the giver and the receiver. But punishment in love

obvious ways in which man might is likely to leave its lasting benefits without leaving marring toobtain answers questions the conthat the reproves marks "with upon man—punishmentcerning of his existence. the why One as sharpness"forth occasion then shows may require, and

is through his own philosophical "an increase of love toward him whom thou hast reproved, speculations. It is conceivable that lest he esteem thee to be his enemy."1 In the highest tradiman, by outlining and classifying all tion of teaching and in the real work of making men, we

of the possible explanations for his: can't lead anyone, very far without love. We can drive

existence that he could imagine, might with hate, with threats, with fear, with force. But if we want

hit upon the true one. The next a girl or boy to be his best, there must be a basis of love

problem would be for him to deterunderlying all our actions and attitudes.

mine which was the true one. Obviously this system has been tried doctrine & Covenants 121:43.

by many great thinkers and philosophers throughout history. Jke Jpokenjpoteen l/i/ordword from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

The other way would be for man SYSTEM, DECEMBER 7, 1952 3du Nouy, Lecomte, Human Destiny, (Longmans, Copyright, 1952

New York, 1947), p. 134.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it takes What to find oil for you

Not tOO long ago, within the memory of living men, exploration for new petroleum deposits here in the West was a matter of discovering oil seeps or drilling on "hunch."But even hunches had a reasonable chance

of success. Although methods were primitive, the early Western fields were

brought into production at a cost which nowadays would seem extremely low.

It '$ not SO easy today. Most of the easily discoverin the great new search for oil, Standard alone has spent

able deposits have been found. But Standard geologists, more than $230,000,000 in the last 5 years. Result: U.S.

using seismograph and the latest electronie methods, are companies altogether have found enough untapped petrocombing every promising part of America, from Louisiana leum to give this country its highest oil reserve in history swamps to the Arctic Circle... and many foreign countries four times greater than that of 30 years ago. <I Geologists

as well. <& As oil has become more difficult and expensive to estimate that there are still 1500 billion barrels of undisproduce, your demand has become greater. More and more covered oil in the earth. Standard Oil Company of California

of the good things in your life depend on petroleum for fuel, does everything possible in large scale exploration do increase or lubrication, or their actual ingredients. <| To do its share available reserves.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

FEBRUARY 1953 97 On My Honor (Concluded from page 85) NEW CASE and I wish I could take you, but I have an appointment in the city at six o'clock. When you come up to

the city, though, I want you to come and see me. Will you do that?

Here's my card."lowSearTractor Andy slipped the small card into

his pocket and opened the door. He WITH reached for his bag, and turned to

thank Mr. Mangum. The big man

clasped his hand.

"Goodbye and good luck, Andy,"he said. Wish I had a boy just likefull Crop Clearance

you."Andy blushed with pleasure and closed the door of the car. From the

side of the road he watched until the machine was only a speck in the distance. Then he turned and started

back down the highway.

Suddenly he remembered the card in his pocket. He put his suitcase

down and took out the card.

"Judge Lawrence J. Mangum,"it

read. Andy whistled—a judge

wasn't that something! Carefully he

tucked it into his shirt pocket. Someday he would see the judge, yes,

someday he would. And picking up

the suitcase he went on down the

—-<>-*-One Minute HookUp Sitting Down road.

You never before saw a tractor so easy to get on and off as this new lowseat model fii As Unto The Bow"of the Case 2-plow "VA"Series. No clam-

(Continued from page 92)EAGLE bering over rearmounted equipment you just step on the roomy platform and young folk to have their marriages settle into the low, comfortable "bodyperformed in the Endowment House guard"seat. With all this comfort you get there and Canute to start in company

4-wheel stability... choice of "look with the other departing missionaries

ahead"or rearmounted cultivators... on the first lap of their journey to

adjustable tread, front and rear. Norway.

Constant Hydraulic Control acts inAgain the fasttraveling team and stantly, completely independent of clutch surrey was brought into service. The

and gears, whenever engine is running. surrey, gleaming in its freshly apMoving or standing, you raise, lower or plied coat of paint, seemed eager for

adjust implements. Like all Eagle Hitch the occasion.

Tractors, this new lowseat model gives The emotions of the family as they you oneminute hookup to rearmounted all gathered around to see them off - O Os implements—usually without leaving tracwas indeed mixed. The joy and good

tor seat. See your Case dealer about it. wishes for the young couples were

at variance with the heartache of to the beloved and goodbye saying FULL FACTS ON EAGLE HITCH FARMING father Canute. esteemed highly

catalogs, folders "Take good care of the family, that interest For—marknewherebookletor write"Eaglein HitchmarginFarming"—alsoany farm machines

you. J. I. Case Co., Dept. B-44, Racine, Wis. Sack,"were Canute's last words as

Lowseat 2-plow Tractor Eagle Hitch he drove away.

Implements Tractor 2-plow Big "SC"

Mills "God bless you,"Sara called. This Series 3-plow "D"Tractors D Hammer

was her third time to bid farewell to her adored husband.

Postoffice Much work and activity helped to

RFD State speed the time that Canute was gone (Continued on page 100) Let's Look this month new at Books OF TIMELY INTEREST Voice of Israel's Prophets Beloved aAutobiography of B. Sperry Sidney By Dr.

...Church Leader his stature as a popular Church writer, Dr. Sperry's newest book is a factual and Enhancing

Prophets, for'his Minor Twelve of book, the Testament. semitextual remembered study Well Old 1. IN SUNLIT LAND A prophets in the his major that amplifies newest Dr. here Sperry theme in published 1939,

Dr. A. John Widtsoe is this of a view, point work an from L.D.S. Explored of Testament. newstudy, the Old

bits sprightly of andSprinkled with wisdom *n 'uen of tJTestament. the contribution the to study scholarly Old

is story of a disheart-warminghumor, a here of science. oftinguished and man God man.. A. its in understandingbook refreshing human

inspiring in its religious philosophy. $3.00 Reading in L. D. S. History ReprintsNew of Old P. Berrett E. Burton William and Alma By...Favorites extensive best sources with history in from readings Church Selected docufirst in this valuable sources. new reference volume primary The ments and A #2. INDIAN quotes fromwV'original STORIES series. UTAH i I—$4.00i

Compiled by Dr. Milton R. Hunter

Hair - raising, breath - taking episodes involving white men and Indians fill this popular book.

Actual experiences written by onthe-spot witthe transport early pioneer to reader days Brigham Best from The his attacks. led Chief Blackhawk savagewhennesses, Young 8 M$r c

- tingling escapes spine Indian from of a Saint"to "Sayings volume Companion thiswrath to read one bookThrilling,make and be reread. $1.00 Compiled by Alice K. Chase

for here size is but in everything large... that volume new A3. STORIES PIONEER of a great thoughts man noble the most peruse reader the can

Compiled Nibley by Preston this. In. in great mind. soul, in heart, in great and great

for especiallyCollected are people, here young relion best are Young's President.pocketsize volume

true for are pioneer that stones40 unsurpassed for the tonic a building education gion, community...statements and

thrills stories daring. of pioneer the and Among world. for troubled a of strength rock a troubled mind, ] QQresourcefulness as: are tales such Hamblin Jacob

theand Indians; Scare; Early Days An Indian in Elaine Cannon's Valley; LostCache the Recovering Mystery Ox; A

of the Solved; Treed Canyon Grand a by Popular new diarydate booh for teens Bear, others. and many $2.00

4. FLASHES FROM THE ETERNAL Life of Your Time The THE SEMAPHORE AND

appointmentdiary-date designed an has book columnist, teen Deseret Elaine Cannon, News REACH doings day's UPWARD to write each happenand in which into days sectioned into divided months and

J. as Leo By personality, Muir topics grooming, such advice on teenage ings. includes she some month Each

.. uplift to inspire theTo. might well be sketches,... the clever Filled with life a few. to -- family love, conversation and name

this ofthemes reprint. popular to Directed t'<'U* young chintz. cinnamoncolored in is covered spiral and binding a has concealed book

people, the details author "eternal semaphores"that guide and direct to the good life... Hard

work, sense of the A to tity and Obedience, ordinary,name a SelfControl,few. The UpwardChas-.

Reach, an appended second volume, further amplifies moral values and the importance of growThe Holy Ghost ing to God. An easyto-read, thoughtOscar W. McConkie provoking book.

should have a wider understanding of the person- $2.50 Everyone

age and power of the Holy Ghost, his attributes, and his

Son. relation Father to the in a handy, Here and theBiographies of L. D. S.

of authority are sources the various form volume...Leaders J.DU&n oneen subject. on this vital

The smiles, the tears, the heartwarming human experiences of these of achievement men come to 10. TIMES SIGNS THE OF life talented the their of under biographers. pens Fielding Smith By Joseph Their living testimonies to are yours share fascinating of discussion prophecies in A these absorbing, wellwritten books. yet prophecies fulfilled $2.25 and to come.

5. LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH

By Joseph Fielding Smith $3.00 11. PRELUDEBy Gustive O.TOLarsonTHE KINGDOM

author follows the pioneers The Mormon into the occupaHEBER C. KIMBALL6. LIFE OF

tions through and industries they which By Orson F. Whitney

... their Regularly "kingdom."$2.75 builtNow 1.75 msmm $3.00

7. J. GOLDEN KIMBALL

By Claude Richards $3.50 8. EZRA T. BENSON

By John Henry Evans and Minnie Egan Anderson $3.00 A Word on Prophecies...

9. PROPHECY AND MODERN 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTemple,COMPANYSalt Lake City, Utah TIMES

Cleon Skousen Please send the following checked and circled books: By W.

The author has here assembled pertaining to modern times whichall theappearpropheciesin the Voice of Israel's Prophets The Best from Brigham Young Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine & Covenants, * The Time of Your Life The Holy Ghost Readings in L.D.S. Church History

Pearl Price of Great writings and the of Church 9 10 11 leaders. Classified into prophecies concerning

America, Palestine the Millennium, and the book For which12345673I enclose check or money order for $ reference for is a handy students and speakers. $1.75 Name

Each of the books discussed above Address.

may be conveniently ordered by City & State mail from the Deseret Book ComResidents of Utah add 2% sales tax. Postage prepaid on these books.

pany with handy coupon at right.

FEBRUARY 1953 99 "AS UNTO THE BOW"

98) similar confusingly the to already years that list. We havejust had a on his mission.(Continued Thefrom twopage "sens""sons"and

he was gone soon passed. When he It became very confusing to know

returned in 1872, home he brought inof For one was speaking. whom

largest of the BIRTHDAY with him company the stance, night in meeting one

Saints. Nine hundred of them had presiding brother asked Brother PeterANNIVERSARY comecountries.with himSomefromof themthe Scandinaviancame on to sontion.to Twentyplease pronouncemen immediatelythe benedicarose

Sanpete, settling in the different comto do his bidding, upon which the

I munitiesScandinavianand namessettlements.were addedMore presiding brother(Continuedexplainedon pagethat 102)he

OUR 103rd Jor Ljod Jaw Jkat Jst Was kjoocl

Richard L. Evans

ON JANUARY 22, 1850 Tn commenting on this Christmas, may we pass for a

to, texts that turn might and take we first of the Bible, the TYPE WAS SET BY onemomentfrom fartheback,usual from that book recalls how the Creator of heaven and earth looked over HAND AND PRINTED what had been brought into being—"and God saw that it

1 And it was good: a beautiful and bounteous ON THE PRESS WHICH was good."

LATER PRINTED THE earthfields, withthe sunits seasonsand theandsea,its sustenance,the fruits andwith flowers,forests andthe * meadows and mountains, and so much else unmentioned,

FIRST DESERET NEWS given for our good by a loving Father in whose image men (JUNE 15, 1850) were made. The centuries and the ages have come and

gone since then. The earth has seen its sorrows, its setbacks,

its peace and its progress. The prophets have often been

THAT WAS OUR stoned in their own age and accepted in others. The world has seen dark days and dark deeds—but under and over

BEGINNING all has been an always -emerging truth that could never be permanently suppressed in the unfolding of the plans and

WE HAVE BEEN havepurposesmade,of Providence.despite discouragingAnd despitecircumstancesthe mistakesandthatsituamen

HAPPY TO SERVE THE tions,it all, despitethere iscruelso muchcontrasts,that isignorancegood withinand adversity,the limits despiteof this

life, spirit for in faith the future. of reason The and much MOUNTAIN WEST finer of is in of a future, evidences the Christmas itself one

gives a glimpse of hope, almost it seems a glimpse of FOR MORE THAN A that

CENTURY IN THE heaven.lights the Aseyesthisof childrenChristmasandcomes,puts letlaughterit be ona timetheir thatlips.

Let it be a time for lifting the lives of those who live in loneliFIELD OF ness; let it be a time for calling our families together, for

feeling a nearness to those who are near to us, and a nearness also to those who are absent. Let it be a time of prayers for

peace, for the preservation of free principles and for the proPRINTING tection of those who are far from us. Let it be a time for

reexamining ourselves, and for dedicating our lives to the AND BINDING values that endure. As this Christmas comes let it be a new

witness to the world of the mission and message of Jesus the

Christ, the Son of God, our Savior, the Prince of Peace. Let

it be a time for thanksgiving, for faith in a finer future that ever comes closer as each Christmas comes—for "God saw

that it was good"—and it was and is and will be good in theDeseret News Press eternal working out of his plans and purposes.

Office31 Richards Street 1Genesis 1:25.

Phone 4-2581 Jhe Spokt If FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Plant1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) SYSTEM, DECEMBER 21, 1952

Copyright, 1952 Phone 7-1584 - SALT LAKE CITY 100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Yoi/kf everybody's kppy

.::::.::::::.:.:. <

THERE'S a brighter future ahead for the Lucks and for the thousands of other farm families who are getting delivery of their 0,42 new John Deere Models "50"and "60"Tractors.

Tractor engineering Deere John no wonder—for so *J And

profitable. farming more have made advancements

New Duplex Carburetion engines provide smoother, snappier, fasterstarting power. New "live"power shaft

speeds up every PTO job and saves money. New "live"

as as clutching shifting much cuts and 60 the front absorb wheels Roll-O-Matic cent. Exclusive - s?SutUeastfirst uone to e veT 40 perPowrTrol *&*8SaA irvtvgsowltv;-. en""Sbbfi

... is comfort is easier fields. Steering of rough shocks

... controls are more convenient... view is better. Countyatvger Sous trades greater

All the way through, you'll find these heavyduty 2- and 3-plow tractors step up performance in many new ways. You'll "find, too, that their exclusive

construction and quality design to twocylinder oi m a% aV P*eM,as economy. dependability and insure greater mm S?S

TOYour John Deere dealer is eager to prove this greater tractor value by actual field demonstration. Plan to see him soon.

which \>'}y:rZ-'Csg'cf: Jri)trfan.

Tribune, Jcs: 7, 'irri'-k.iapffiaridfZZST'iXaVmeQkldhoiifn. The:ruii,,k.eaderAugustarticle 1952. Dept. A50

'7-X"i*!>>j lV(v Please sen< "50"me freeandfolder"60"onTractors.John Deere Models

i*? Name,

SAN FRANCISCO OHN19, PORTLANDDEERE14, SALT LAKE CITY 10, R.R.. Box Town. Jtate -J

FEBRUARY 1953 101 "AS INTO THE BOW"(Concluded from page 100) only the best of everything went into time before for a mission to Norway.

had meant Peter Peterson, so six of this temple since Canute would not She had kept up her courage, even the men sat down again. Some means be satisfied with anything short of though she knew full well that she

of identification had to be devised, that both in workmanship and in mawas saying her last farewell to him.

so the system of nicknaming came terials. This was to be the temple Following his departure, in spite of

into being. for the Lord, and nothing was too herself and her insurmountable courIn the spring of this year, 1877, good for it. age, she knew that she was treading

on April twentyfifth, a conference Gray Hill, as it was known before the downhill slope. Finally, life with

which President Brigham Young atit was dedicated for the temple site, all its struggles became too much for tended was held at Manti. The was the scene of constant activity her, and she slipped away.

people were highly pleased when and building for the eleven years that The saddest day in the lives of

Canute Peterson was chosen as the it took to build the massive structure. the whole family was May 20, 1896,

president of the newlyorganized For the first two years especially, when the Lord called Sara, and she stake. the men knew backbreaking labor answered. The mantle of sorrow and

of digging, blasting, scraping, haulmourning fell heavily upon all the During the conference, President

Young, Brother Warren Snow, and ing until the foundations were laid members of the family. The final

deep and secure to support the masparting of Canute with Sara was thethe visiting brethren arose and left the conference. Peter saw him leave, sive stone walls. Steadily the temple hardest ordeal he had ever borne in

and he, too, slipped out of a side rose, like a huge beautiful mast on spite of his firm convictions and bedoor in case he would be needed to the crest of the hill. The contribulief in the hereafter and the ultimate

drive the horses. Peter went to the tions of labor and the donations of reunion with his loved ones. His derig. Soon President Young came and produce and money all helped towards pendence upon this courageous, cheerclimbed in, telling Peter to drive on the swelling of the construction fund, ful, inspirational woman was of such

which finally reached the million dolmagnitude that to suffer its deprivathe side of a hill right on the northeast side of town. Peter drove to the lar mark. tion was almost more than a human

The Sunday Egg fund swelled the could endure, at this stage of life.designated spot, and the brethren

stepped out of the rig. total as the project was entered into As the year 1903 moved on into

by all the Saints in the vicinity, and its maturity, Canute felt with a surety

Taking a shovel from the surrey, the cooperation, labor, and sacrifices that his springtime and summer of

President Young thrust it into the bore fruit. The temple grew and life had passed, and he leaned more

ground, turned over a shovelful of stretched its mighty towering spires heavily on the cane that now helped sod, and said to those with him, "This towards the sky as if in gratitude to to support his aging limbs. He felt

is where the cornerstone of the Manti the Father for the work of these noble that his usefulness was over, and he

Temple will be."people. longed for Sack with an intensity that

After the conference, President When the thousands came to atwas almost unbearable. When the

Young, and a large following, went tend the dedication services of the wind whistled around the big house, onto the hill again, and President temple, many of them attested that he would sit by the stove in the dinYoung dedicated the hill for the site they heard the singing of the great, ing room.

of the temple. invisible angel choir that had come to The Lord was merciful to Canute

Now that the site for the temple voice their approval and praise of the and on the fourteenth day of October, had been dedicated, work of excavataccomplishment. 1903, he called Canute home, and

ing and preparation went rapidly The big house, during these years, wrote the final chapter in the life of ahead under the intelligent direction closely resembled a beehive. The Sack.

of Stake President Canute Peterson. comings and goings, the living and The children and grandchildren

Every available man and team was dying, the births and marriages, the were all brought to see their father brought into service. With plows and guests from all walks of life, the imand grandfather who looked so peacescrapers, the work of excavating and portant and the unimportant all to ful lying at rest. When Peter lifted

foundation building took a long time. be entertained with the same degree his youngest child, fouryear-old

When the excavating was finally of graciousness and hospitality, made Edith, up to see her grandfather in done, the tremendous job of mining, the house a haven for all. his casket, she looked with pride and

sawing, hauling, and fitting the stone The sick were administered to and amazement. Later, taking her father

from the nearby quarries was begun. their needs and wants provided for; aside, she asked.

This, too, was a long and arduous the hungry were fed; the tired were "Papa, what is that bottle of wheat

ordeal as the implements were crude rested; the sorrowing were comforted; standing by grandpa's feet for?"

and inadequate. But the patience the confused were counseled, "Sweet girl, that is the bottle of

and willingness of all the settlers in As time wore on, Sack began feelwheat that was saved from the wheat the surrounding towns made up for ing that her health was failing, but that your grandmother raised in Lehi.

the paucity of the implements and she tried bravely to conceal the fact It saved the people from starvation tools, and, slowly but surely, this from her beloved husband and famthat winter. Father thought more

beautiful edifice took shape. ily. of that bottle of wheat than anything

The best masons, carpenters, and It had been a great ordeal for he ever had, and he wanted it buried craftsmen of all trades were pressed Sack to say goodbye to her youngest with him."

into service in its construction, and son, John, when he had left some (The end) 102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It's the New STANDARD of the AMERICAN ROAD

With 41"Wferth More"features, Fords worth more when you buy it...worth more

when you sell it

What you want in a car... this '53 Ford has!

You drive longer distances... so you need a car with real

"Go."You "live"more in your car... so it must have

more living room... more carrying space.

Good roads are better, bad roads are worse. So you need Thesmooth,Only V-8spiritedIn Its Field!highcom-It's a MostmodernModernSix engineSix! It'sinthethemostinriding qualities that set an entirely new standard of soft, quiet pression 110-h.p. V-8 engine dustry. It has 101 economical,

smoothness... plus extra easy handling and braking.... it's the type of "eight"highcompression, lowfriction

used in America's finest cars. horsepower.

And, of course, you want the style setter... a car that

belongs wherever you may drive.

Only the 1953 Ford can give you so many things you need and want for so little money!

See this beautiful new Ford. Value Check the 41 "Worth

More"features that help make it worth more when you buy it... worth more when you sell it. Test Drive it. Then you'll

agree that here is the new standard of the American Road.

Fordomatic Drive is the finest, New Miracle Ride! Not just softer

gives ride balanced re- a can own. which drive you And

offers of also concept an entirely Ford you '53 mostmember,versatile automatic springs and new "shocks,"but new

Overdrive and Conventional. smooth, quiet comfort.

Fordomatic, Overdrive, white sidewall tires optional at extra cost.

Equipment, accessories and trim subject to change without notice. See it...Value Check it...Test Drive it Ford SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALERFEBRUARY 1953 103

ity to whom all questions can be ap- 1. Arousing interest in the next lesson

of pealed.) the presentation a problem: by1958 LESSON COURSE 3. control over gain does a state The class is now ready to examine a. How

in the Christian a church? what happened'T'he Melchizedek Priesthood lesson third, of the second, your text, lesson 2, to see and Read Church

course for 1953 is a continuation of fourth centuries. This must be done some of the natural steps by which

the 1952 course. by keeping the above factors in mind such control occurred in the Christian

This is a most important study for andanother.then Inexaminingthis lessonone wesituationsee a greatafter Church of the fourth century.

all members of the Church in order to controversy arise in the Christian 2. Individual Assignments:

instructor assign never should a The historians that church ofgive now the church understanding a better them lesclass to the "take next member as the "Donatist Schism."its fallingoriginal away. church and is pedason."a procedure both Such is split or gulf in the a referA schismto

class assist in instructors their prepagogicallyTo There unsound and unfair. of organization. membership an

ration, and the class itself in the study Tell the story of the dispute over can be no lesson and assignment coninstructor retains unless the the for the of a bishop appointment Cartinuity PriestMelchizedekof lessons, the these class of reins in discussion his own of the division and church memwith thage arranged has committeehood of special hands. assignments Some bers followed. that

Elder William E. Berrett of Brigham parts of a lesson can, however, be

Young University, to prepare teacher's Ask these questions: made. For lesson two, the following

supplements for each lesson. 1. Why did not the Donatists appeal to sucha. Assignassignmentsone memberare suggestive:to come preThere are published in this issue of a central church authority? pared to tell the story of how the

the Era supplements for lessons 1 to 9, 2. Why was an appeal made to the RoCouncil of Aries came to be called

the supplied expense to intervene? and emperor had who What addiman hereafterinclusive. Each month

attitude the in of the money. happened Roman

will be published supplementstional pre- b. Tell the Christians? Assign one toward government come member to

and it is hoped that all instructors will the traditional stories concerning the pared to tell what the Council of take advantage of this assistance in givconversion of Constantine. Aries decided.

ing their lessons. 3. Whatthority problemsis invitedarisein towhenhelp civilsettleau-a c. Assignpared toonetellmemberhow theto decisionscome preof

doctrinal question in the Church? the Council of Aries were enforced.

Lesson 1 4. When a state gives money to a church,

what dangers may follow? Where do Lesson 2

THE DONATIST SCHISM we find state dominated churches toOF ARLES THE COUNCIL

Text: James and state is a union of Church L. Barker, Church and State, 5. day?Why 1 Chapter L. Barker, Church and State, of Text: James with incompatible the kingdom

Teacher's objective: God? Can God ask a political state Chapter 2

his to confirm appointments?

there been any danger Teacher's objective: have To bring priesthood members to appre- 6: Would

the by of Church if leadership of state divine influence theciate the the from to priesthood unan members To bring

Christenearly in happened the continued in Church? Apostles what hadshowing state interference of the by derstanding how

lost. was leadership of the 7. division the divine Roman whendom How did of the destroys divine Church. guidance

into Eastern the Western and Empire

Suggestions on teaching procedures: affect the Church? Empires How did Suggestions on teaching procedures:

The approach. statespoliticalduringdivisionthe Civilof Warthe periodAmericanafThe approach:

The success of a lesson is largely deterfect the organization of American mined by the approach used, as the way the churches? A. By use of problems:

of interest the affects is introducedlesson 1. state a gain control of does a How participate to desire their Summarization: and Thethe members church? several are always There discussion. thein this of the In discussion question so involve lessons new These many is best approach That approaches.possible

possibilities, as: bring out various such that situations decisions and and names to class the helping in best succeedswhich

a. heads. appointing church the By leave the class the priesthood members may is a following objective. The thereach b. supporting church the with By of picture lesson the was a hazy with what lesson. this to approachsuggestive

so that the church money, becomes class all instructor unless the and about

A.. By use of problems: memberslesson together.review Thisthe variouscan be partsdone ofbythea c. Bydependentsteppingonintheto government.settle church dis-

1. Can a church properly be called the brief summary at the close of the discusputes, whether by invitation or

Church of Jesus Christ unless He has sion. At least one or two minutes should otherwise.

a part in selecting the officers and in be reserved from the class time for this 2. Which of these methods do we find in

directing their work? How does this purpose. The first page of the text will operation in the fourth Christian cendirection by Christ operate in the serve as a useful summary of this lesson tury?

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday with such additions as are made necessary a. Review or have a member review

Saints? How is the freedom of the or appropriate by factors brought out in the the Donatist Schism and the inChurch members preserved? class discussion. vitation to Constantine to intervene.

2. How could the fundamental character- b. How did Constantine attempt to

istics of the government of the Church Assignments: solve the problems of the church in

of Jesus Christ, divine leadership and Africa?

individual freedom, be lost? It would be ideal if each member of the If any assignments have been

(In the discussion of this problem Melchizedek Priesthood should not only made previously, have the individbring out the fact that divine leaderpurchase a text, but would also read and uals so assigned relate:

ship is lost when Christ has no part ponder it. The instructor, however, should (1) How the Council of Aries was

in appointing Church leaders, or when not rely on such reading but come precalled and financed.

Church leaders decide doctrinal quespared to meet a Sunday morning group (2) What the Council of Aries detions by debate rather than by revelawho have read little or nothing upon the cided.

tion.) subject to be discussed. Some things can (3) How the decisions of the council

(Further, divine direction to the be done to encourage reading by all memwere enforced.

Church as a whole requires that the bers, and some individual assignments can c. What important decisions were

Church has a head—a central authorbe made successfully. made by the Council of Aries?

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

(1) That Caecilian should be rechis fortunes.... There was not a guiding true God, who is infinite in being and

ognized as bishop of Carthage. power, an effective expression of Christian perfection, a most pure spirit, invisible,

(This decision is the beginunity. The Papacy, such as the West knew without body, parts or passions, imning of the power of the state it later on, was still to be born. In the mutable, immense, eternal, incompreto appoint and depose bishops.) place which it did not yet occupy, the state hensible, almighty, most wise, most

(2) That any baptism was valid so installed itself without hesitation."L. Duholy, most free, most absolute, working

long as the correct formula had chesne, History of the Early Christian all things according to the counsel of been used, i.e., baptism in the Church, (London, John, Murray, 1931). his immutable and righteous will, for

name of the Father, Son, and 3. Would the division of the Roman his own glory; most loving, gracious,

Holy Ghost. Empire have divided the church had merciful, longsuffering, abundant in

the division occurred while the church goodness and truth, forgiving iniquity,

The discussion: had a central head in the Quorum transgression and sin; the rewarder of

of Apostles? them that diligently seek him; and

Having shown how the power of Con- (Recall to the class the defiance of with all most just and terrible in his stantine affected the Council of Aries and Peter and John to civil government. judgments; hating all sin, and who

what that council decided, we are ready to Acts 4:19: "Whether it be right in the will by no means clear the guilty."

discuss how those decisions and the methsight of God to hearken unto you more (Presbyterian Church Confession of ods used to enforce them furthered the than unto God, judge ye?) Faith, Chap. 2, Art. 1, quoted from

apostasy of the church. Such questions as Is the division of the Christian Liahona, Vol. 23, No. 14, p. 269.)

the following will aid in accomplishing this churches under the Eastern and WestQuestion:

purpose: ern Roman Empires an evidence that Where did the ideas contained in

1. In the Church of Jesus Christ who has all central church leadership had disthat prayer come from? Discuss with

the authority to call a council of appeared? the class the philosophy of Plato and

Church leaders together? How did 4. What is meant by "orthodoxy"? How Aristotle as to the nature of God. If

Constantine in calling the Council of was orthodoxy determined from the special assignments have been made,

Aries usurp that authority? time of Constantine? How had it been as suggested in the. previous lesson,

2. In the Church of Jesus Christ, who determined before? How is it deterthe reports can be given at this time.

may baptize? How did the decision mined in the Church today? If class members are unprepared, the

of the Council of Aries depart from class leader will have to supply this the principle of ordinances by priestThe Summary: information.

hood authority? 2. What conflict do you see between the

Read to the members the quotations The first page of the manual may be used philosophy of Plato and the teachings used in the text which show how church to summarize the facts presented in the of Christ and Paul?

historians have regarded this decision lesson. To this summary should be added In parallel columns list on the

of the Council of Aries. What should additional conclusions reached through blackboard the basic ideas in Plato's

be the answer to these questions put class discussion. In these rather lengthy philosophy of God as compared with

to the Council of Aries: lessons the summary is valuable in leaving the teachings of Jesus and his Apostles.

a. Is baptism valid when performed by with the class a unified message. The lists might begin with such ideas

an unworthy man holding the Assignments: as the following:

priesthood? 1. Arousing general interest in the next

b. Is baptism valid when performed by lesson: Teachings of Jesus

an excommunicated person or a a. By stating a problem:

heretic who is without priesthood How did early Greek philosophy (1) God has a body, for Jesus is like the but lives a good life? affect Christianity? Brother Barker Father.

(Point out that if the church in has given us an interesting treat- (2) The New Testament speaks of God, the the time of Constantine had had a ment of this problem. Read your Father; God, the Son; and God, the

prophet at its head these changes text, Chapter 3. Holy Ghost.

in the practices of the Church would 2. Individual Assignments: (3) Both element and spirit (intelligence)

not have taken place.) a. Assign one quorum member to are realities.

One of the early bishops, Hilary, in his come prepared to tell what the edict (4) Matter is desirable. "Spirit and matter

Epistle to Constantine I, 4-5 writes: of Milan was. (See Lesson 1.) inseparably connected obtaineth a fulof joy."ness b. to come Assign one quorum member "It is equally deplorable a thing danand

is a God of love, forgives, conGod (5) Plato's ideas briefly give to prepared gerous, there are doctrines that as as many rejoices. demns, of (The nature God. the concerning sources as of blasinclinations, and many

text, are us; because as there faults among phemy Chapter 3, is sufficient for Teachings of Plato

this.) arbitrarily, creeds explain and make we

c. Assign member to one quorum arbitrarily. just as a body. them Homoousian without The come (1) God is

views give Aristotle's to prepared is rejected, explained received, then then only be one God, the first can (2) There away by successive synods. The partial or concerning the nature of God. (See Great Cause.

total resemblance of the Father and of the text, Chapter 3.) (3) Only the "idea"or "form."Abstract

Son is a subject of dispute for these unideas for us are realities.

happy times. Every year, nay, every month, Lesson 3 (4) Matter is a contamination and therewe make new creeds to describe invisible fore evil.

CREEDS mysteries. deCHRISTIAN our mind, Being Then we change INFLUENCED (5) The Supreme is immaterial—can PHILOSOPHY BY PAGAN theirs, fend those changed and impressions, no have no sensations, no who have

lately defended. damn those we whom We

either others the of doctrine of Plato the philosophy condemn and How did ourselves, or that of others; in teachings and, in Text:ChapterJames3 L. Barker, Church and State, 3. passions.Aristotle out the true crowd our own

reciprocally tearing one another to pieces, Teaching Objective: of Jesus and the Apostles?

we have been the cause of each other's In the discussion of this question stress ruin."To show how prevailing philosophies of the following:

The leading Roman Catholic historian men affect the church when divine direc- a. The Greek philosophy was deepof the present time thus sums up the sittion is absent. seated. It had pervaded the Greek

uation in the fourth century: world for three hundred years.

"If there had been, in the Church of the Suggestions on teaching procedures: b. The early Christians were without

fourth century, a central authority, recog- a written scripture.

nized and active, it would have offered a The approach: c. When the Apostles were killed the

means of solution. But it was not so.... Church was without both scripture

Athanasius, when deposed by the Council A. By use of problems and questions: (except the Old Testament in Jewof Tyre, does not seem to have had any 1. We read in one of the Protestant ish area) and divine direction.

idea that an appeal to Rome might restore creeds: "There is but one living and (Continued on page 108)

FEBRUARY 1953 105 ThePresiding

Aaronic Priesthood Priests Under 21

Assistant Secretary May Be Individual Award Requirements For 1953 Include

Appointed Where Necessary Cottage Meetings For Priests

long cottage has David meetings to render instrumental O. McKay President again that emphasize where theW?e trios, or vocal solos, duets, quartets, or of cottage advocate meetbeen an coof the secretary (formerly work

ordinator) to the ward committee is so ings conducted, and participated in, by choral singing to give variety and finesse heavy as to suggest the need for an aspriests in keeping with their responsito the meetings.

sistant secretary, such appointment bilities outlined by the Lord: Cottage meetings for priests are not

should be made without hesitation. The priest's duty is to preach, teach, exto be held in connection with any other

Where an assistant secretary is appound, exhort, and baptize, and administer cottage meetings held by any other pointed, it is recommended he be given the sacrament. Church groups. Cottage meetings for

visit are for, to the arranged house be of each the member, And and priests byfull for all responsibility clerical work to exhort vocally in secret pray them and in of bishop, the understanding homes willin the program. leave This the all duties. attend to family and are to sympathetic such saints who freesecretary rethe to perform many (D. 20:46, 47.) & C. for training our program young men.sponsibilities formerly assigned to the

coordinator. To provide priests with the opportunThe bishop may call upon the secretary

ity to comply with this obligation of of the ward committee to assist him in

The above suggestions and recomtheir priesthood calling, it is recomthe details of this assignment to priests.

mendations apply to both the program bishop, as that president the of mended for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 and Priests Meetings Cottage for Added set priests in the program such quorum, for senior of the Aaronic members Individual to Requirements of priest as will Award permit each motion under

Priesthood.

21 years of age to speak in at least two cottage meetings during the year. Beginning January 1, 1953, the reWhile cottage meetings for priests are quirements of the Individual Aaronic

to be arranged under the direction of Priesthood Award for the priest will

Suggestions for Ward thepriests,bishop,withtheybothareopeningto be conductedand closingby specifyin two hisor participation,more cottage asmeetingsa speaker,for prayers and all addresses given by priests priests during the year. The priest's

Aaronic Priesthood Meeting only. participation in cottage meetings does

L.D.S. girls of priests age, or younger not relieve him of requirement number

""P'he second priesthood meeting in. Janwhere advisable for special reasons, may six to deliver "one or more public aduary (probably in February) is hisbe invited to accompany priests to such dresses in a Church meeting."

tory. What did history record of your

success or failure in your attempt to hold the recommended ward Aaronic to insure a forceful preparation and and meeting, meeting?Priesthood to be The

of the Ward Teachers Asked not to presentation carefully considered is month, in eachheld the second week outlined in each lesson manual for assigned subjects. Collect Funds

Aaronic Priesthood under 21 and for Should not the bishop and his counsenior members of the Aaronic Priestselors alternate each third month, thus Come bishops have adopted the prachood. The meeting is to be attended by providing four assignments to each tice of having ward teachers colall Aaronic Priesthood bearers both over member of the bishopric throughout the lect funds for various ward purposes in

and under 21 years of age and their year? Such assignments, made in adconjunction with ward teaching. To

leaders. vance, should be flexible enough to perimpose this responsibility on ward

The key to the success of the ward mit the bishop to give such other counteachers handicaps the effectiveness of

Aaronic Priesthood meeting is squarely sel as. may be expedient in any one of the work.

in the hands of the bishopric. If adethe meetings. One of the important objectives of

quate and advance preparation is made, We are not unaware of the tremendous the ward teaching plan is to promote the meeting cannot fail: If little or no responsibility resting upon the bishop good will between ward teachers and

advance thought is given, the meeting and his counselors in making a full and the families they are calling on each cannot succeed. desired success of this meeting. Neither month. The chances of maintaining a

Would it not be well for the bishop are we unaware that they are entitled favorable relationship are reduced when and his counselors to determine immeto receive the inspiration of the Lord in ward teachers are requested to collect diately upon their respective assignments the righteous exercise of the keys of their funds for any reason.

in this special meeting and have these presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood. There are no objections to having

assignments made now for the remainWe have full confidence in our bishopward teachers take bishops'mesing ward Aaronic Priesthood meetings to rics and pray for their success as they sages into the homes of the membe held during the year? Such advance expend their best efforts in the promobers, urging support of campaigns to

assignments would permit the bishop tion of this feature, and all other fearaise funds and to explain the purpose and his counselors to make ample study tures, in our Aaronic Priesthood work. and necessity of raising funds for stake

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

The Purpose of Ushering Final Award Record for 1951

During the year 1952, the Presiding Bishopric approved and issued

Aaronic Priesthood awards earned during 1951 as follows:

Priests Teachers Deacons Total

Standard Quorum Awards 108 183 439 730

Individual Awards 2502 3786 7730 14,018

We are particularly delighted to announce that 1294 seals for one hundred percent attendance at priesthood and sacrament meetings during the year were affixed to individual Aaronic Priesthood awards for 1951.

Challenging Record in Proper Attitudes Vital to

Ward Teaching Success in Ward Teaching

Until six months ago, when age (83 HPhe attitude which one has toward years) compelled his retirement from his work is an important factor in active ward teaching, Eli Williams, determining the effectiveness of the efcurrently residing in the Ogden Third fort put into his work. If one feels his

Stake, (Utah) North or Ward, station, Weber his unimportant, task below {Excerpts address by Richard an from a missing "cannot month"remember reflected attitude will be his unnecessary, Birrell, a deacon Beacon from Ward, as a serving continuously while ward of Therefore, in the quality his work. (Salt City) Park Lake Monument

is fiftyeight years. for teacher This attitude the proper toward without Stake.)

believed to be an allChurch record in ward teaching, the ward teacher will ward teaching—a record we are denot have the inclination to accomplish

lighted to publish here as an example his work successfully. It affects him in YVTh.at is the purpose of ushering in

of loyalty to the Church and devotion numerous ways: He lacks enthusiasm; Church? Probably one of the best

to duty. his work is halfhearted; he fails to reasons for having ushering is that it

demonstrate sincerity and conviction; adds dignity to our meetings. This

he doesn't make favorable impressions; alone should be enough to make it

his message isn't inspirational; and in worth while. There are other benefits

short, he fails to strengthen the memderived from ushering. Members of the

bers. congregation are aided in finding seats

When a ward teacher exhibits a quickly and quietly, thus maintaining negative attitude, it is, in most instances, order and eliminating confusion. It

because he fails to comprehend the imrelieves the bishop of any concern or portance of his work. He is unaware worry over seating problems, permits

that ward teaching presents an opporthe meeting to run smoothly, and avoids tunity to engage in a work which offers delays in starting. It teaches young

a rich reward in the kingdom of God. men assigned to do ushering to be poDuring the Savior's ministry, he lite and friendly, and it increases their

emphasized the value of souls, which confidence. Ward members, visitors,

has always been the primary objective and strangers are made to feel the of the gospel of Jesus Christ. In this warmth of friendship and the spirit of

dispensation, the Lord has declared being made welcome when efficient again the saving of souls as the greatest ushering is carried on.

work for man: Ushering, if not done in the right

spirit, loses its value. If ushers are not

And now, behold, I say unto you, that attentive to everyone, there is evidence the thing which will be of most worth of discrimination from which embarrassto declare unto repentance be you will unto and resentment ment develop. may

souls unto bring people, that you may Ushers can set a good example workby rest in the EH Williams me,this with that them you may kingdom of my Father. (D. & C. 15:6.) ing quietly. Ushers need the cooperation of members of the congregation.

and ward projects, but they should not The foremost objective of the ward Let us all try to do our utmost to help be expected to collect these funds. teaching program is to "see that all the Aaronic Priesthood bearers do better

Bishops, combining other activities members do their duty."Urging and and more efficient ushering and we then

with ward teaching, are urged to disteaching the members to do their duty can receive blessings that result in good continue such practice and to do ward is one of the most effective means of for all of us, is my prayer in the name teaching as recommended. saving souls. of thy Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

FEBRUARY 1953 107 MELCHIZEDER PRIESTHOOD (Continued from page 105) Suggestions on teaching procedures: central authority in the Church at the

d. The Christian schools of theology The Approach: time of the Arian Controversy.

been had were founded by who men of A. problems: use By 5 Lesson philostrained previously in Greek

1. in disprevious noted our have We especially schools, the ophy. These ARIAN THE CONTROVERSY philosophers, that cussion the Greek

at Alexones powerful and Antioch Aristotle, of Plato process a by and L. to Barker, Text: reconcile andria, Christian sought State, James Church and conclureasoning, the to had come philosophy. Chapter 5 with views Greek The that sion immaterial, "withwas God result Objective: a dangerous compromise was or passions."parts out body, Neoto bring basic the of Plato in views quorum members an underwhich To reconcile these to attempted Platonism

of the Aristotle to standing Controversy Arian pertaining what and was God beliefs regarding Christian views with it to significant Christianity. ethical teachunited and with was were the why God.

of ings Jesus.

differ? a. (List the did the two How teaching procedure: Suggestions on Apostles argued with not had The of of differences the review by way

the philosophers; they Greek had approach: The

testified to merely they had what b. out? pastWho lesson.)won

of narrative. use heard. seen the succeeding But and c. a conflict of ideas, By in such Why,

of generations leaders Christian had the did philosophical point of view leader class should to be prepared The fell experiences such easy had and no of scriptural point over the win relate the here arose Controversy Arian how skilled victims philosto the Greek view? to involved. the explain problem and do To

ophers Christians. had become who leaders learned and most (1) The this of the Mediterranean a and world map (Note—-the instructor in using the writers were philosophers. an outline on a blackboard would be very

term pagan philosophy as applied (2) Gospel writers were considered helpful. The following outline is suggesto the text should distinguish beignorant and uneducated. tive:

easy seemed Compromise an (3) of the Plato philosophy tween pagan 1. third the Christian controIn century

of to unity the Church. way Aristotle cults the pagan and and versies in arose easily the church.

to correvelations were had (4) No gods, worshiped such which many a. central authorchurch There no was

rect errors. as Jupiter, Mars, Neptune, Venus, ity.

settled Disputes counwere by (5) etc.) the highest authority was The (1)

cils, enforced the emperor and text the Chrisstatements from by Read bishop.

decisions. the historians of influencetian the showing bishops. 1800 There about were (2)

conflicts today between there any Christianity, read 2. AreGreek philosophy upon felt in auequal Each bishop (3)

Is there philosophy and Mormonism?especially statements Johnson, by Gualben, thority bishop. other to every

in common?and Foakes. anything however, were, few bishops A

Point out that the philosopher by writers. natural leaders and

4. The method used by Plato in arriving himself has only speculative reasoning b. There was little or no written scripat his philosophy is called the "specto guide him in his search for God, and ture in most churches. The gospels

ulative method."Why is it unrethat speculative reasoning may lead had been written and some letters

liable? How does it differ from the him far from the revealed word. of the Apostles preserved, but there

"scientific method"? Why is it danHowever, there is nothing to prevent were no printing presses, and copies

gerous to rely on speculative reasoning? a philosopher from accepting the scriphad to be made laboriously by hand

Point out that speculations by the tures and all that they contain and copying and were subject to many philosophers and hypotheses by the altering his major philosophical premise errors, which in themselves gave scientists have their uses but are subso as to include the basic facts found rise to controversy.

ject to change and must be discarded in them. The Latterday Saint must c. Greek philosophical ideas of God

when new facts are discovered or renot shun reasoning, even speculative were much more widely known than vealed. Examples of such change reasoning based on revealed truth. The were the ideas in the gospels.

said, let us reason has "Come as the DarwinLord such be cited might generarose were which as with 2. Controversies together one man reasoneth species. in of change ian theory

ideas of clashing between ally the result another."

philosophical and views Greek of God is re- a reasonable As Mormonism Summary:The (This gospels. in the the told story in with it has much common

lesson previous the in covered has been other. the enrich can of message for the the class, Summarize, ligion,philosophy—each here.) to reviewed only need be and is to true opposed not the Mormonism beginning synopsis at lesson.the The

of Chapter 3 of the text may be used with philosophy but to erroneous conclu- 3. The Doctrine of the Trinity

such additional thoughts as have been desions. a. Greek philosophy demanded that

veloped from the discussion. a. Is there a danger of a Latterday there be but one God.

Saint losing the faith if he studies b. The gospels spoke of three, God the

Assignments: the philosophies of men? Father, God the Son, and God the

b. What factors can make a study of Holy Ghost.

1. Arousing interest in the next lesson: philosophy safe for L.D.S. students. c. To satisfy both the philosopher and

a. By stating a problem (Holy Ghost, respect for modern the gospels, the idea of a "Trinity"

This was some. adopted by was leaderscriptures, divine present and expect effects you would What is but there one that idea God the early in lacking ship.) were These philosophy have would that Greek as to person, three manias to but Christendom. See Chapter thinking? Christian on

is, while festation. was That God for text of an interesting the 4 Summary: Father; disThe the heavens, he the in was

cussion. fiesh, the in to earth he came conflict areas bewhen Briefly the summarize he manithe Son; Assignments: and 2. Special when was teachings he philosophy Platonic and the tween

hearts, he himself men's in fested come pre- a quorum member a. Have effect philosophy the of of Greek Jesus and

in he but was Ghost, the Holy was NeoPlatonism to tell what pared doctrine. the Christian upon

one but persons three reality not was.

person. name "Trinity"The new Assignments:

first near the Theophilus used by Lesson 4 century. of the second Arousing general class interest in the next isend

relationof the explanations d. Other CREEDS INFLUENCEDCHRISTIAN stating a problem. BY lesson.By Ghost of Holy Father, Son, and ship

(Continued) PAGAN PHILOSOPHY promulgated. were controversies over doctrine were 1. How

Text: James L. Barker, Church and State, settled in the fourth Christian cen- (1) The apostolic view that Jesus

Chapter 4 tury? Christ was both God and man;

What was the Arian Controversy? yet in divine unity with the

Objective: Read your text, Chapter 5, for answers. Father; that Father, Son, and

Ghost were three distinct Holy beings. To show how compromise with early Special Assignments:

Greek philosophy led the church away 1. Assign one quorum member to come (2) The view of the philosopher

from the true doctrine of God. prepared to show that there was no that God was superior to a

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA physical body and could create a material world only through an inferior being, an intermediary, Jesus Christ, the "Logos,"or "Word."

5. Bishop Arius and Bishop Alexander,

both bishops of churches in Alexandria,

Egypt, became the leaders and spokesmen to two powerful opposing factions.

a. The Arian View

Arius taught that Jesus was not equal with the Father, did not always exist, but was the firstborn or first creature God produced. Only

the Father was God. "If one wishes

again to attribute to the Son the name of God, it is not in the proper meaning of the term, but only because he excelled all other creatures, and, for this reason, is the adopted

Son of God."

(Read the various definitions of the

Doctrine of Arius given in the text) b. The Alexandrian View.

(Followed by Bishop Alexander and his deacons, Athanasius, a powerful writer.) Alexander taught that Jesus was absolutely divine. Jesus was coequal

from all eternity with the Father.

Jesus Christ was entirely God and not approximately.

c. Seriousness of the controversy.

(1) Bishops and church members lined up on both sides of the controversy.

(2) Congregations and families were divided.(Note—Point out on map the

point where this conflict centered and how it spread.)

The Summary:

Summarize briefly the ideas brought out > 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l 1 1 1 l i iiiiiiiiimiiui mill nun iiiiiiiimimiiiii i iiuiMiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiu in the class. (A quorum member might be

assigned at the beginning of the class to Bring the make a summary at the close of the lesson.)

Assignments:

1. Arousing class interest in the next lesson. (Ojurcl) %ws"| By stating a problem:

Without a central church authority the Arian Controversy was how text your Chapter 6 for informaRead settled? Into Your Home

tion on the problem. Official Church Instruction

2. Special Assignments: Mimiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiimiii iiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiimimmiiiiumiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiii;

a. Assign one quorum member to tell

Constantine became emperor how of both the East and West Roman Every family in the Church should have in their

Empires. home this weekly news report of churchwide activi-

b. Assign a quorum member to come ties. It contains instruction, conference proceedings, relate the to prepared steps taken..by

Constantine to bring the Arian Conwelfare activities, addresses by the general authorities troversy to an end. and scores of other items of interest.

Lesson 6 Get complete information on the lowcost subTHE ARIAN CONTROVERSY (Continued) scription price of this valuable publication by filling

Text: James L. Barker, Church and State, out and mailing the coupon below.

Chapter 6

Teaching objective:

To show how the church without central authority of its own became subject to the Please send me subscription information on the central political power. 'Church News."

"Cljurcl) %ws"Suggestions on teaching procedure: i Name.

approach.The 143 South Main St.

class instructor should review Salt Lake City 1, Utah Address. 1. The

briefly the nature of the Arian ControCity.State..

versy. (Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1953 109 MEECHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD (Continued from preceding page) ity in the church in the first part of the ophers, "may indeed by a lucky chance as truth, the fourth century. stumble on sometimes 2. State the that problem the faced Chrisacci- in dark the groping may men tian communities. could the How right but hit path; dentally the on teaching procedures: upon settled Arian the Suggestions Controversy be and

for the beneenjoys the Christian who to restored unity? Church approach. The it is infit of revelation from heaven

The discussion. By use of problems: excusableblind and totreacherouscommit himselfguidance."to such

Discuss the following events: 1. What influence did the Emperor ConTertullian, de Praeser. Hert. C. 7:

a. The Council of North African Bishstantine have at the Council of Nice? "all false doctrines of the Church may

ops meeting at Alexandria, Egypt, 321 List means by which his influence be traced to heathen philosophy....

was A.D.. b. Arius and the council jn Bythinia. a. Hefelt,issuedsuch theas: call for the council. Thereforth a areChristiansome dialectic."who would bring

c. Letters of Alexander to the bishops. b. He furnished the means of travel Justin, Cohort, ad Graec. VI, 256:

(Read the letter to the quorum memto those who attended. The philosophers have been able to

bers.) c. He held private council with some produce nothing certain about God.

d. Arius publishes his views to the of the bishops. They give themselves away by their

bishops. d. He attended the council in his royal mutual disagreements. "For neither by

robes and addressed the assembled nature nor by human intellect is it

Discuss the following questions: bishops. possible for men to know great and

of his description a (Read gift matters, the entry divine only but by did partiAlexander the and a. Why

at the first his meeting recorded and that holy above descends from upon of all sans write Arius to the bishops speech.) of training the need men, do not who to the and not of the head church?

b. Why did not the central authority 2. Who presided at the meetings of the schools, neither skill in controversy and

of the church intervene? council? debate, but rather to be sustained by

c. In the days of the Apostles how a. No general church authority. the power of the Holy Ghost, which

were church disputes settled? b. Bishop of Rome is absent. like a plectrum descending from heaven

d. In the Church of Jesus Christ of c. No bishop is recognized as head. to play upon them as upon an instruLatter-day Saints how are doctrinal d. Statements of historians on the matment, makes use of righteous men and

disputes settled? ter. reveals to them the divine and heavenspecial report 3. Have given on

Constantine emperor of both became how Further discussion: It lywasGnosis."immediately after the passing

the the that this Apostles Eastern and Western Roman Em- 1. After the Apostolic Fathers, who guides of

pires. in Euseb. the Church: began philosophizingCH V, 28: in doctrine? the Church

4. Continue the discussion by asking such Answer: Any man with a reputation "With perfect impunity and the

questions as the following: for knowledge, regardless of his office greatest of ease they proceeded to do

a. disscriptures, did religious blithely violence the to Constantine want Why position or Church. Layman,

... original teachings. in the regarding unity empire? the priest, bishop, counted in monk—nothingthe scriptures, secure b. to did the consulted go about never he How the ability except to kind They furnish some

(If strucspecial elaborate unity? a such busily but worked out assignof answer.

... is this tures of syllogism. ment made, an appropriThey deserted was of the first great doctrinal One

Arisreport.) for for the Scripture Euclid, ate the time Holy guides, his in Origen, the book on

.. totle, reconciliation at Theophrastus. through. They and Attempt (1) Principles,""First the shows how

of arts religious advisor, his the unbelievers Hosius, cultivated the is left leaderless church and few how hairsplitting discussions to of took Bishop Corduva. and of the church problems answered were

faith of the of call simple general to a council the Holy about one (2) The in scriptures the available: meager

... unthe they brazenly church. Writ. Thereby I, 4: to the "As Ghost, Holy De Princip.

scriptures, to the (a) Call lay dertook by Constantine. hands on made is it clearly discerned not he whether

corrected that saying provided (b) they should be on own Money is is begotten or or to unbegotten be initiative Constantine. reinterpreted."by and as of regarded the these But Son God.

letter Constantine's (Read things investigated acbe must us by summary: The of convocation.) to ability best of cording the our

5. Read extracts from historians showing through sagacious examination of the Briefly summarize the evidence that the

there who attended, the nature of the holy scriptures."church, at the time of the Nicean Council,

council, and the general interest mani- I, 6: "Concerning the devil and his was without a head and that the emperor

fest. angels, the teaching of the Church is acted as a head to settle disputes.

The summary: thator howtheytheyexistexist.. is. notbut explainedwhat theywithare Assignments:

clarity."sufficient text at the in beginning synopsis the The lesson. 1. class interest in the next Arouse

I, 7: existed to before this "As what excellentof as will serve sum- 6 Chapter

stating a. the problem: By

... or after shall earth what come this of lesson.mary the Nicean determined by was What is clear in there the teachstatement no

is the Creed Council? Nicean WhatAssignments the of ing Church."

it affected Christenhas and how I, 10: that there teaches Church "The 1. lesinterest the class next in Arousing 8 for text Chapter your Read dom?

... they angels are were but when son. the matter. information on sort of created, or creatures they what stating a problem: By

2. Special assignments: is exist, are, or stated they not how

a. are of that evidences the some What sufficient clearness."with

central the a without was Church 9 8 Lessons and I, 9: of the problem "Even how God of at authority the the beginning

is of to inquired thought be be must text, fourth century? See your NICENE is CREED THE into; or corporeal, whether he what

this for 7, information Chapter on is, is his or proper he form whether matter. State, L. Text: Barker, Church and James in sense corporeal from another

2. Special 9 assignment: Chapters 8 and is set forth clearly bodies other NOT

a. pre- a Have come quorum member teachings. questhe our in same And

is single lesson unit too This a covers but to discuss the question: pared 'What regarding tions answered be must single period; for discussion material a much part the did play bishop of Rome likethe Christ Ghost, and Holy and

to are discussion periods hence devoted two of in the Nicea?"Council spirit of the nature every wise and

it. will class of discussion the trend The investigated."rational nature be must

first of in the the covered 7 part determine Lesson 2. What was the attitude of the early the two discussion periods.

THE NICENE COUNCIL Church fathers toward the Greek philosophers? Teaching objective:

Text: James L. Barker, Church and State, Answer: The early Church always

Chapter 7 condemned such philosophy. This is To show that the Nicene Creed is neither revelation—butTeaching Objective: theshownsecondin thecentury:writing of Tertullian in scripturalis the resultnorofthedebateresultandof compromise.

To show the absence of a central authorTertullian, de Anima 3: The philos- (Concluded on page 112)

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in Zieie toilet tissue SOFTER tb an ever Lef<nerore...

WHITER tnan ever before...

MORE ABSORBENT tnan ever before!

QUALITY ROLLS Pco,too,, cost of the color you like in at no e*t* eacli tli rift v. easyto-earry

0reen FAMILYPAK *- re** UxurvZ

ALSO TRY ZEE LUNCHEON NAPKINS 'DINNER NAPKINS 'FACIAL TISSUE 'WAXED PA PER 'PAPER TOWELS 'CrownZellerbach Corporation

FEBRUARY 1953 -| ] ] MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD (Concluded from page 110) however, the Athanasian position. The are not plainly written; so much so,

Compromise Creed came to be called that when they are read, they cannot

Suggestions on teaching procedure: the "Nicean Creed."be understood without an expounder.

in of Athanasius 7. the "argument Read

II, Ill, 137, 43 Homil. (PG Clem. Arians. the his attack on approach.The taught were you 144f) Simon: "How

left 8. incomprehensible as an was What Peter: scriptures?""The the interpret to

1. the Briefly Council review Nicean in The Creed? the how mystery Nicean truth of and mixture are a scriptures

is for purthe together called that and what "Son affirmed Council was.. wherefalsehood (unintentional)

Father."pose. the distinct from numerically.the saving to is it impossible fore know

2. chief the before asserted State that the problem time, they the At same even teachings, his truth without

is as the council. substance the same "The Son until doomssearch should one though

of a. this idea the substance could one that same God Father,"and How it. find never could... he day

the dimin- (accepted nor Pagan divided and neither Jews by could be all silent withare but scriptures The the reconciled with philosophers) be ished."interpreter. But inspired when an out

is contradictory. are divine? that affirmations the idea Son These How is the present, person inspired such an

is is inthe true divine the that maintain be can they both Son How secvery itself a becomes written word in believing which mystery, Gods? two without comprehensible men

; lacking above) (Euseb. thing ondary

is of the the solve. relationship (Read the to to try Son are not What are scripture of barnsful person, a such

the in of Tixerant, given Father? statement the to enough."not

mystery.) parties text, 3. the three in the counthe above Explain on life of preearth knowledge What

positions. cil respective their and of position Constantine the 9. solved was have What that might lack they did

a. Party Arian The Council? in the their problems?

that Jesus party was contended This Arius not and did posiAthanasius is Saint Latterday the 11. 10. Why What distinct perseparate divine, and a biblical quotatheir statetry to harmonize the (See question? this tion on Son, Father. the from sonage The 1916 other? tions each with First Presidency of the ment to the subordinate however, was of reasons a why were Faith, There Appendix. number Articles of Talmage, of (out created Father, been having doc- a did remain not scripture Sec. Joseph the 130; Cov., also Doc. See & Father. the nothing) by hisearly Church guide. Discourse, trinal Church Follett The Smith's, King scriptures the Ask question—What into insight gives in or Eusebius an 249254 torian VI, History, Vol. pp. their to support quote Arians the could

situation: true the Joseph, the Prophet Teachings Smith, of scriptures List these and position?

Ill, (quoting a 24, 3 Hist. Ch. Euseb. 342362. pp. text: read the passages and

: writer) early very

8:22 Proverbs

... the speaking comApostles summary: The "The 13:32 Mark

... the in wholly were tongue mon 14:28 disJohn of period of second the close the At spirit that holy revealing of the power

17:3 John summarize Nicene the Creed cussion on preached as they in... them worked 3:19 John Council. the of The proceedings the all the to of heaven the kingdom

10:18 Mark at beginning text the in our given synopsis thought almost no they gave world, and 2:9 Philippians purthis for is excellent of 8 9 lessons and written their speeches down. to having or Alexandrian b. Athanasian The pose.

... skilful and the Paul, most Even Party exlot thought and of in gifted the Assignments: the that party contended This exceed- a few only allowed pression

of subthe were Son one Father and 1. lesson, the interest next in Arouse written down, to be short notes ingly

perfect equality stance, of and were the a. stating inproblem: to it speak By given him was though

all eternity. existed from had is effect of the adopthe number."without things expressible What

scriptures the Ask question—What of I, the tion was Nicene Peter: Creed? 21: "The How Recog. Clem.

to support quote Athanasius could... it churches? the enforced Read upon faith indeed were of our things

position? his for answers. text, 10, the Chapter (Christ), but plainly him spoken by

List passages scripture and these read the text:

John 10:30 John 10:38 John 14:9 c. The Moderate Arian Party

This party held for the divinity of Science and ReligionTheir Basic Positions

Christ but hesitated to recognize his perfect equality with the Father.

4. The bishops from Egypt and the (Continued from page 96) lead to investigation. What purpose

part of favored the empire Western Revealed religion asserts that God would God have in communicating of the view. the Athanasian Most

orientals took the moderate position. has revealed himself to his prophets, with Paul? Would Paul have any

Only about twenty bishops sided with and many men bear testimony to the reason to lie? There are men who

Arius. 5. Discuss the following questions: truth of this assertion. The value of testify, sometimes to their very death

a. What was the role of the Emperor testimony should not be underestiand often against great persecution,

Constantine in the Council? mated. When a man, such as Paul, that they have received intelligence

b. the Emperor's feeling What was says that he heard the voice of God from a supernatural source, and acArius? toward

c. What tactics did the friends of on the way to Damascus, his statecording to their testimony, the manto protect use to try Arius Arius it in received lie. was which left no is either the truth or a in ment The ner

position? his did Eusebius What

its validity. to at all as doubt agnostic suggestion that of the Paul of propose? was Nicomedia What

the proposal of Eusebius of Caesarea? might have been "honestly mistaken"If Moses had harbored the slightest

bishops (Note there are two named seems completely untenable when one suspicion that his conversations on Eusebius. befriended Both of them

Arius, but belonged to the moderate considers the number of men with Mount Sinai were a product of his party.) him who also bore witness, the infevered mind, he would gladly have

of Eusebius the baptismal formula 6. Read this formation given to him that he should taken an easy way out rather than of Caesarea. did view Which

formula favor? (Note the phases underbe healed of his temporary blindness face his difficult task. Men of scilined by the author of our text.) by Ananias in Damascus, the vision ence such as Bruno have also suffered

to willing Athanasians were The acto Ananias of his duties, and the subpersecution unto death (Bruno was this creed for a cept a basis statement as but insisted upon certain changes. sequent healing of Paul. (Acts. Chapburned at the stake) because they

its finished In changed? was What ter 9.) There is no middle ground. would not say that something they

ignores is a that form it compromise both scripture and tradition. It favored, It is the sort of challenge that should knew to be true was a lie.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The scientific method proper cannot be applied to a study of religion. A

scientist cannot repeat a supernaturaloccurrence by setting up the same set FREE...

of circumstances, as he can a chemical reaction. This is what one would Wurlitzer's

expect when dealing with a thinking, supernatural power. God will reonly to himself whenveal man and fundraising

Still, so. the Spirit do wants toif he

behind the scientific method will aprevealed of investigationply to an basic kit for the evidence fortruth. The

assumptions can be examined. The

these assumptions builtlogic upon results tested. may be church The bemay

evaluated: Does this plan for mananswer a satisfying givekind to the organs existence? man'squestions concerning

The first evidence to be examined is the testimony of those who believe. You only have to hear a WurThe lives and teachings of the prophlitzer Organ to know why it's

ets are studied, not always with an called the "voice of worship."

eye to the detection of fraud, but more Its tone enriches Divine Services.

to learn desire meditation. inspires the It a sincerewith

Builder and Pianos of Organs It creates WURLITZERWorld's largest of prayer. of existatmosphere an questions to theanswers Under Name One Great

ence. Perhaps testimony alone should That's because the tone of a

be enough for the seeker after truth Wurlitzer is derived from a Fundraising kit for churches the natural musical source—are decisions court serious (many write for your copy now! the—get all Wurlitzer reed. You testimony), of pure the basis onmade

inof an electronic advantages declares that religion but revealed Wurlitzer Company The Rudolph sacrificing without 1-32 NorthTonawanda,N.Y. of strument Dept. desiring honestly the wordone effects organ traditional when

your cost without Please send me to sincere will receive an answerGod Wurlitzer. a choose you for kit Organs. fundraising Church seekof honest, as a result prayer and a speprepared has Wurlitzer Nam e as to personal testimony a ing study, raising in organ cial kit to use

the truth of the words of the prophets. funds. Visit your Wurlitzer Street

Many thousands of people solemnly Dealer or write for this proved City,. Zorte State testify that the words of Moroni have fundraising guide today.

been fulfilled for them, in that the

Holy Ghost has given each of them personal and positive knowledge that God lives and that Jesus is the Christ. Give the Best!

Indeed revelation affirms that when Ostler's Paradise! The

we obey God's commandments, he is most delicious, finest FOLDING bound to his promise. (D. & C. quality chocolates CHAIRS

82:10.) For the individual conmade! For every im- g

cerned, this becomes closely akin to portantsure they'reoccasionOstler'sbe a direct application of the scientific Paradise!

method.

Omitting further details, it should be clear that this system of gaining PARADISE Ostler's

AT UTAH STATE FAIR! FOR CHURCHES AND knowledge of the reasons for the exWINNER OF 20 FIRST PRIZES

istence of man and nature is as Sold wherever GOOD CANDY is soldi Ask for iti SUNDAY SCHOOLS logically sound as the scientific methOSTLER CANDY COMPANY, Salt Lake City, Utah Oversteel construction—8 million in use!3 seatRuggedstyles:tubularwood,

od itself. Direct word from God is steel, or upholstered, all extra wide for

Dept. 169 Write comfort. maximum

it said truth, the be could almost for comfort, welded steel is deepformed PANEL rigidity. for rolled with edge bottom frame BACKinto it requires definition, often although

within above frame reinforcing bar SECTION load. hasto rod, distribute hinge below HINGEand sincere to gain prayer OFFER... very study and by WE

against steel solid shouldered are of A COMPLETE resist load. to riveted, legsBRACES of CROSSinside and of scriptures. specific the exact import

SERVICE with leg and capped around are crimped GLIDES STEEL reENGRAVING rubber shoes. difference nonmarking between revealed durable, The

Missionary From handling easy quick, available for Trucks Portraits to the Largest Storage Catalogues. ligion method lies and the scientific

in the basic assumptions. The sources Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention csfmetican Seating (bmpa/u/

of science are an induction from diUTAH ENGRAVING CO. Grand Rapids 2, Michigan

rect observation of nature. These may 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Branch Offices and Distributors in Principal Cities

(Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1953 113 Science and Religion

(Continued from preceding page) be perceived by the physical senses of any man who is trained in the proper techniques. The basic assumptions of religion: there is a God, etc.,

appeal to a spiritual side of man over and above his physical senses. The

skeptic may debate the spiritual in man, but testimony declares its existence and says that every man may know for himself. An honest man

will want to know and will investigate with an open mind.

Revealed religion as the word of

God must embrace all truth including that produced by use of the scientific method, and in addition to scientific truth, religion admits the use of faith. Things not seen nor

clearly understood are believed because they are the word of God. This

is in complete harmony with the basic assumptions of religion, and in of these new dormitory buildings are being the light of these assumptions is the constructed at B.Y.U. to house almost purest of logic.

1000 more students at the West's fastest The purposes of science and regrowing university. The first occupants ligion are entirely different. Sciwill move into their homes this month. ence studies the processes of nature.

It is restricted to this field by the scientific method. Revelation could

give answers to the problems of nature, but a wise God leaves this mostThere is room for YOU at the Church ly to the scientist. God's commanduniversity. Get a balanced education and ment that Adam must obtain his

learn how to live as well as how to make living by the sweat of his brow would a living. Write now for information and seem to apply intellectually also. Applan to register on March 21 for the spring plication of the scientific method dequarter. velops man in his love of truth. The

purpose of revealed religion is to explain to man the reasons for his existence (science is powerless to approach this subject) and to help man

the reasons for his existence. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY to live in a manner that will justify

PROVO, UTAH andTheit isessencevery conceivableof science isthathonesty,application of the scientific approach could lead to moral standards in harmony with religious teachings; that is, by

r N observation, deduction, and inducAre YOU Too Busy tion, science could one day tell man fin xventf how to live with himself. Various

fields striving are of science toward Music? Learnto \ for this end. the purposes But which as "easy A-B-C"*| CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME rneth-; I |j& V'-1-"[famousprintand-picture require that created the was 3-1031 man St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main 248 quickly.od teaches you

in minutesLearn few daily proper moral standards be present of your spare time at home fafor your what to the earth examine upon menvorite—no matter be. instrument may

free of their and, use -given by "talent"God aboutForget...

private teachers.. tiresome scales and

is to reject. agency, or accept Thiscises. 900,000 real melodies..playing Learn by exerDRINK

students—55 successful years not only part of their development as

Free LessonSample. FREE and BOOK is for individuals also necessary but

; will obligation no salesman No A delightful call. adficq and your mail Just of of the progress name a people. If use

for those hot beverage S. dress MUSIC, to: U. OF SCHOOL

Studio CI 882, Port Washington, who don't drink coffee. the scientific method one day proNew York. AT YOUR GROCERS duces results in harmony with the

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA moral teachings of religion, mankind advancement, a greatwill made have probthe moral meantime, the inbut the ffljOYkxi Extra Room are in family of the humanlems hands of God. in your home with inexpensive

Men in science have a superior training in seeking after physical HOLCOMB & HOKE truth. Sometimes some of them will

attempt to apply this training to disprove some of the claims of religion, especially the miracles and the a movprovidesstory of the creation. Truly enough, FolDoor

to separate able wall creation is not understood by anyone. your dining alcove from

God has revealed no details, and sciyour living room and to ence can only offer theories as to posdivideroom intothat twolargesmallerbedsible mechanisms. At least the reones—Gives extra space

ligious man is permitted by the rules around any doorway!

of his game to use faith and state that some day he will understand.

The scientific method will not permit this statement unless warranted by LAUREN to Attempts evidence. physical the BURT. Inc effort, are a wasted miracles disprove

as an examination has shown. Induction always leaves room for exceptions, and the Principle of the

Uniformity of Nature does not apply, for the very fact that the event was miraculous implies that the circumstances differ from those commonly found in nature (i.e. a supernatural

influence in control of the elements).

The point to be emphasized is that science and religion are two different fields based upon two different methods of obtaining knowledge, both of them logically valid within their own limitations. The scientific method cannot be applied directly to religion

because revelation cannot be called in the range of the physical senses simply because an observer so wills it. A man can obtain answers to the

questions of his natural curiosity by appealing to both fields but should mot break the rules of either by introducing the methods of the other, for their methods are based upon different systems of logic or at least different basic assumptions. Thus, with

this concept in mind, there should be no conflict between science and religion, but, on the contrary, these two.fields should complement each other

to the end that man might find peace and satisfaction in his quest for both spiritual and material knowledge.

"From Cumorah's Lonely Hill"Unbreakableto look like glass.mouldedLight

Ecofree. noise weight, 3 which of the of Mormon, Book epic poem An height.? Standard nomieal. defascinating and interesting, find will you dealer. your from Order old. gift for By and scriptive. young A lovely OFFER SPECIAL Wilkins. Olive M.

lot trial of $1.00 for 1 Mail

Obtainable at Deseret Book Co., 10942 Jackson one dozen sent postpaid.

California or through any L.D.S. Ave., Lynwood,

$2.50 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. Library. Price Stake

FEBRUARY 1953 115 RUBYH.MORGAN

Editor

in the temples; (2) those married outside the temples but by ward and

stake authorities; and (3) those married by civil authority only. The

tabulations showed that (with reports on 87 percent of the marriages completed) among those married in the temple, 6.4 percent of the couples

had been divorced. However, of those

married by ward and stake authorities, outside the temple, there were nearly two and one half times more divorces, namely 15.6 percent. Among

those married by civil authorities, the number rose to three times that of temple marriages, namely 19.4 percent.

Advantages of Temple Marriage IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE 1. The ceremony is simple, sacred,

and beautiful. Couples married in

the temple never forget the simplicity of this event. Ornateness

attraction; the aim is to Is Temple Marriage Best? andis notbeautythe

join together two human personalities with faith and spirituality into by Rex A. Skidmore, Ph.D. a loving oneness.

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH 2. Temple marriage gives a permanent view of family life. Husbands and

they strolled leisurely homemarried civilly first and then go to wives belong to each other, not for a

As ward, Joan and Ruth, popular the temple later? What about a page in the book of life but for the

. teenagers, discussed the talk couple who are not living up to the whole book. When children are born,

given by the bishop at sacrament standards of the Church? they, too, become a part of this eternal

meeting. "Do you think that temple The answers to these questions unit. Temple marriage provides a

marriage is really as important as concern every young person in the wonderful union for the present life our bishop said?"asked Joan. "I've Church. Getting married is one of and forms the basis of a continued

always thought I'd like to get marthe most important of life's experiassociation throughout the eternities.

ried in the temple, but I've never ences. Isn't it desirable then that 3. Temple marriage is based on the

realized that it means so much to one have the best kind of marriage? gospel of love and involves giving,

Latterday Saints."At the time of the wedding, most serving, and sacrificing. Counselors

Ruth pondered a minute, then reyoung people, with starryeyed mist recognize that as couples give of themplied, "Gee, I feel about the same in their eyes, fully expect their marselves for the benefit and happiness as you. I've never really known that riage to continue on a happy, wonof family members successful marriage

getting married in the temple has derful basis. Many jolts and probresults. Selfishness is pushed into

responsibilities as well as blessings."lems usually appear. Couples who the background, and mature love

The discussion continued. The are married in the temple have many emerges.

two girls mentioned that some young valuable resources and consequently 4. The importance of children is

people shy away from such a marare more likely to stay married than stressed. Some couples today postriage; others marry in the temple and those married otherwise. pone having children to further their

then disregard their obligations. As In The Improvement Era, Januown selfish goals and ambitions.

they neared Ruth's home, they agreed ary 1952, Dr. John A. Widtsoe cited Children add purpose, meaning, and

they needed to study more about tem- a recent study concerning divorce in love to marriage. Husbands and

ple marriage. three areas in the Church. The Salt wives can become copartners with

Most teenagers have questions Lake, St. George, and Arizona temple God in bringing children into this

about temple marriage. Is it best for areas for the year 1936 were used. world and guiding them, spiritually

all Church members? Should one be The study reported ( 1 ) those married and otherwise.

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 5. Our Church teaches that temple

marriage is highly desirable, and a privilege. Those who get the most

out of marriage abide by the rules of the Church and marry for "time and eternity."President Joseph Fielding Smith describes marriage as:

An eternal principle upon which the very existence of mankind depends. The Lord

gave this law to man in the very beginning of the world as a part of the gospel law, and the first marriage was to endure forever. According to the law of the Lord

every marriage should endure forever. If

all mankind would live in strict obedience to the gospel and in that love which is begotten by the Spirit of the Lord, all marriages would be eternal; divorce would be

unknown.

Who Should Marry in the Temple?

Saints are All Latterday who livthe first REALLY NEW religion preare theiring and who pared to benefit from such an expeGARDEN TOOLS IN YEARSrience, should marry in the temple.

This means, frankly, that couples Here at last are garden tools truly styled for need to be living the gospel and want to go to the temple; otherwise, it may Western living... the new Boyco garden tools

be mockery. Temple marriage should with all the extra beauty and extra durability

not take place merely to please a parent; it should be desired and predemanded by active Westerners. Thanks to an

pared for by each couple individually. exclusive new grainhardening process, the ash

A marriage for time and eternity handles of the new Boyco tools are actually can make all the difference in the world. Contrast a young man and toughened up, made more durable. And the same

woman joined together "until death process that makes them extra durable, makes do you part"with a couple who have them extra handsome. For after the tool handles

formed a loving union for eternity. A

family which enjoys each other in this are grainhardened, they are rubbed with life and is joined together by the white wood filler that brings out all the priesthood throughout the eternities is beautiful to behold. Temple marnatural beauty of the premium ash grain.

riage is a privilege available to every worthy Latterday Saint.

EXTRA RUGGEDGrain-hardenGREATER BEAUTYBlack and BETTER GRIPNo more ing makes the new BOYCO white grained handles and twisting, no more slipping, tools super tough, super duramodern-finish tool heads give for the new BOYCO tool's ble... handles resist splitting or the new BOYCO tools a stylegrain-hardened finish lets

splintering even when left in setting beauty you'll be proud you grip the handle tight the rain. to show off to neighbors. as a vise.

Look for the new BOYCO Garden Tools *? no j-*\ %

at your Hardware, Nursery, Feed or Department Store \

UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS ""-< J?/ DIVISION

UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF

FEBRUARY 1953 117 INCH BY INCH by Beineice Nash Neeley

"Inch by inch It's a cinch;

Yard by yard It's hard."

*& &V-anus (oud K Everfor heardkeepingthat?a TreasuresIt holdsof asTruthtrue and I couldn't work on it any longer,

book up to date as it does for so I stuffed as much of each pile as I mending, for writing letters or for could in one of the envelopes, labeled doing dishes. it, and put it away. I put all the

But the trouble with most things is labeled envelopes away until the next that you have to start on them. With time I could make time to work on

so many interesting things to do, it's them. And, do you know, it was

usually difficult to make time for an easier to start the next time because uninteresting task. Of course the the big job of sorting the whole lot Ptobbgrgkl trick is in finding the time, and the into workable groupings had been

real challenge is to keep the things done. It was so easy, and fun to asthat need to be done in small batches semble the collected material from

so they are not so formidable. a single envelope into logical arAnd I think the secret's in finding rangement suitable for written com-

a system—not only in getting things ments, that I worked on it more

done, but in beginning the task in the often than I had thought possible.

first place. It's the same way with mending.

Take my Treasures of Truth book, If you have a peach basket loaded for example. I had been collecting with socks that need mending, you

things for my book since childhood. don't seem to get at it. But if you

But that's all I ever collect first sort them into batches accorddid—just

things. I never put them together in ing to colors, kinds of socks, etc., that

book—Ia neat book,just putor inthingsa looseleafin drawers,noteyoufavoritecan programdo whileonlisteningthe radio,to yourthen / @/*r boxes, corners, tops of closets. That it's not so hard.

is, until I found a system. Of course it's better not to get be-

I had seen the brown manila folderhind in doing things, but, alas, if envelopes in a local dime store, and you're like me, you don't do every-

I bought several. Then one Satthing you should when you have the

urday I sorted out my collection into opportunity. But strange as it seems,

HULMAN & COMPANY various piles on the bed. I had in opportunity usually knocks more

TERRE HAUTE, INDIANA mind the titles of certain sections of than once when it comes to getting my book: "My Story,""My Kin,"things done, and you'll find the time

POPS SO 2ASVANQ "My Hobbies,""My Friends,"and to do things if you'll just allow your- "Sacred to Me."(Oh, yes, I had one self a little time at the beginning tomjTASTSS SO COOP

pile "Miscellaneous!") sort things into workable batches.

When I had sorted everything into And I'm sure that you will find, as I the separate piles, the day was over, did, that "Inch by inch it's a cinch!"

HOTEL LANKERSHIM 7th & BROADWAY Handy Hints

If you have a tendency to wear down partments. That way it isn't necessary

the heels of your house slippers, cement to retrace steps for forgotten articles.

IN THE VERY HEART OF a tire patch on the side of the heel that Mrs. C.R.A.

LOS ANGELES gets the hardest wear when you next Liberty, Texas slippers. of They will get a new pair OPPORTUNITYNEW EARNINGS be longer more comfortable. and Bottle washing during next year'sMinisters, Sunday School Teachers and Laymen last

vital as our ministryare discovering a new and in-—N. D., Evanston, Wyoming. canning season will be much easier ifRepresentatives. their doubled have Many

comes. too satisfaction prosYou can find and jars are stored clean empty with the

perity right or enjoy community own lid ring in used lidtravel. and Others place. Turn to $6,000 or more On the evening before the day of in makingyour up

yearly. qualifications. your Let us know Write buying groceries, make a complete upside down to keep rubber from stickPlus"for "Opportunity full information. and

Mrs. B. M. B., John Rudin & Company, Inc. list of everything needed, grouping ing to the rim of the jar.—

1018 S. Wabash Dept. C42 Chicago 5, III. items according to the store's deSalt Lake City, Utah.

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA aNever a baking failure for

:*: -*!,.. Improvement Era readers!"

"You'll never have a failure with these recipes,"says Martha Meade, "because they belong to your community!"

Try them and see. Unless you turn

out perfect baked goods... unless

you agree that Sperry Drifted Snow "HomePerfected"Enriched Flour bakes better than any other allpur- pose flour in similar recipes, ask for and get double your money back! Simply send grocer's slip showing purchase of Drifted Snow to Sperry

Flour, San Francisco 6, California.

Sperry does more than promise baking success... it guarantees it!

BOUNTIFUL MARASCHINO CHIFFON CAKE Measure into the topFluffypart ofPinka doubleIcingboiler

All measurements are level. Sift flour before measuring 1 large egg white, unbeaten

325, to Preheat baking temperature, oven slowmoderate a 1 cup sugar 70). all oven. ingredients (about temperature Have at room teaspoon of tartar cream V4 all ingredients cake. before starting to Measure mix Have salt teaspoon Vi ungreased pan, 10 4 inches ready inches tube an diameter,

deep. Sift together into a mixing bowl 3 tablespoons maraschino juice

2 cups sifted Sperry Drifted Snow 2 tablespoons cold water "HomePerfected"Enriched Flour Stir to blend ingredients. Place over continuously boiling water

IV2 cups sugar and beat steadily with rotary beater for 6-7 minutes, or until 3 teaspoons doubleaction baking powder mixture holds it shape. Cool slightly before using.

1 teaspoon salt HIGH ALTITUDE ADJUSTMENTS

Make a well in center of dry ingredients and add in the order For best results use these corrected ingredient amounts for the altitude in

Oven oil, such cooking cup as Wesson listed% which you reside. Altitude Flour Baking Temperature Powder* yolks, 2 unbeaten egg 325 20003500 tsp. 2H -2

% (put liquid 2 tablespoons cup 350 maraschino juice 1 tbsp. 35005000 ft.ft. 22 cupscups plus tsp. 2-iy2

ft. 350 2 50006500 2 plus tbsp. cups tsp. fill to in cold water) with cup and VA1H % level

ft. 2 65008000 350 tbsp. cups plus 3 tsp. 1H -l vanilla 1 teaspoon

ft. 350 Over 8000 1 cups tsp. 2\i strained juice 1 tablespoon lemon

at larger altitudes of leavening lower *Use amount within range each given chopped cherries finely maraschino cup V2 altitudes. at of higher smaller leavening and amount

Beat with a spoon until it forms a smooth batter. In a very

large mixing bowl place 1 cup egg whites, unbeaten (7 or 8)

V2 teaspoon cream of tartar Silverware Coupon in every sack.

Whip (using hand whip, rotary beater, or electric mixer) until Redeemable for lovely "Queen Bess"whites form very stiff peaks. Do not underbeat. (Whites should silverware made by Oneida Comvalues munity Silversmiths. Coupon or meringue.) stiffer cake for angel Then pour than be much

in 25 lb., lb., sacks 10 lb., and 5 now stiffly whites, beaten egg gradually over slowly batter and

while gently folding in with a rubber scraper or large spoon. doubled. Look for them, save them!

Fold in just until blended; do not stir. Pour immediately into Start your set of "Queen Bess"today. Easier to get when you buy the 15 in preminutes for 1 hour tube ungreased pan. Bake the

larger sacks! will spring of cake done, top surface back heated oven. When

when lightly touched with the fingers, and the "cracks"will More recipes in the bag... easy,

look dry. Take from oven and immediately turn pan upside new failureproof ways to use Drifted

down, placing the tube part over neck of funnel or bottle. Let Snow Flour in Martha Meade's fahang, free of table, until thoroughly cold. Loosen cake from mous western recipes. Look for them!

sides and tube with spatula. Turn pan over and hit edge

sharply on table to loosen. Spread top and sides of cooled

cake with Fluffy Pink Icing. 16 to 20 servings.

.Sherry DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR "HOMEPERFECTED"ENRICHED

Another fine product of Sperry...for 101 years a leader in the West

"SPERRY,""DRIFTED SNOW.""HOMEPERFECTED"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC.

FEBRUARY 1953 119 you do your filing? In the biggest

of drawer your desk with a jumble Make Your lead. of letters.. answered and unanswered? You can buy or make a simple file that will enable you to inSave Your Head

crease your efficiency and selfesteem by Georgia C. Nicholas still further. Why do you keep answered letters? Decide, and file them

or toss them out. Do something

oes your memory take vacations? definite with every piece of paper

Do you become flustered and in that drawer. Put all the items

confused? (Do you often wonder back if you must, but sort and arif you need your head examined?) range them so that you can tell your

We can't open your cranium and husband or your roommate where to look at your brain, but we can open find the current telephone bill.

your handbag and observe the outHow much more considerate to ward demonstration of what goes on keep a pad and pencil at the teleinside that brain. The arrangement phone than to say, "Hold the wire

of your most personal properties is while I hunt for a piece of paper."

an index to the processes of your The disorder in your handbag, mind. your desk, and your kitchen cupboards

If your handbag has one large may be the result rather than the cavity into which you toss your keys, cause of your frequent state of har- a pencil, tissues, hankies, your address rassment. Applying simple engineerbook, and bits of torn paper with ing methods to the arrangement of

additional addresses scribbled on your tangible properities and the them, numerous old receipts and papers representing your intangible claim tickets, no wonder you have properties can carry you a long way trouble remembering things and findtoward order and peace in the inner ing articles. mind.

Handbag designers take great pains Here are a few of the engineering

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS to provide you with divisions and methods that can help you:

compartments; make use of them; (1) Do one thing at a time and

know where your keys belong, and give that one task your all. This

keep them there. Once a week indoes not mean that it must be done

stead of twice a year go through the well. Perhaps it doesn't rate a WHEAT FOR MAN

If job. usedestroy contents thorough bag of your and and painstaking

the said prophets Wheat is it receipts. Enter File the less notes. you're an old shirt and mending

nutrifor say doctors. and.. man

tion experts. Why? Because the addresses. Put each item in its not to be worn for dress purposes, do

whole wheat contains imporplace. You will increase your effiit fast and forget about it, but while

tant thiamine, which converts ciency and selfesteem. you're doing it let it absorb you.

sugar and starch into I said file the receipts. Where do Background music or visiting is perenergy... so essential for growing

child re n and working adults.

That's why ALL-O-WHEAT is the perfect cereal

ALL - O - WHEAT contains all parts of the wheat kernal as nature intended... no

enriching or restoring necessary.

Serve all the family...

ALL-O-WHEAT OGDEN, UTAH Why do you keep answered letters? Decide, and file them or toss

them out. 720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA missible for work that requires little or no concentration, but not both. If

the telephone or doorbell rings while the radio is going, switch off the radio until you are ready to listen again.

(2) Work in one direction at a time. Squeeze the tooth paste tube

at the bottom and roll it, always working in the same direction. When

you enter a cluttered room that must be straightened, don't stand there saying, "I don't know where to start."

Shut your eyes, reach out, and touch something. That is where you start.

Now go back to: "Do one thing at

a time."

(3) Provide yourself with good tools and keep them in good condiShows latest blue ribbons to daughter Rose Marie tion. Avoid too many trick gadgets

and gimmicks. Keep your knives and

pencils sharpened ahead of time. Mother and teacher is top cook as well

(4) Use the best implement for the Teaching kindergarten and caring "Stays fresh for months at a time."

job. Don't be content with a soup for her teenage daughter keep Mrs. 5000 prize - winning cooks have

... but not too busy been asked what yeast they usespoon for serving food if a larger Dan Olin busy

spoon is available. to enter cooking contests. For the and 97% prefer Fleischmann's Acpast 5 years she has taken top hontive Dry Yeast. It keeps for months

(5) Before tackling any job, clear ors at the Elko County Fair! on the pantry shelf, always rises

a working space. Don't try to work Mrs. Olin of Elko, Nev., is anfast. Now when you bake at home,

on cluttered space that can be cleared. other expert cook who praises Fleischit's easy to use yeast. But use the

mann's Active Dry Yeast. "It's so best... look for the label and get

(6) Assemble all your tools. Have much more convenient,"she says. Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

at hand whatever you need of both implements and materials. Don't

start a cake, then discover you're out of baking powder. Before you start

cutting out a dress, be sure you're making the most efficient use of the fttakefi MORNING MILKmaterial—and that you have enough!

(7) Have a blackboard or bulletinhoard where you can write notes to to make yourself, family, or roommate.

(8) Drop everything now and CHEESE SAUCE as good as this:

then to take a nap or to do something that amuses or pleases you.

Learn to relax at the oddest moments.

Have fun! Do rhythmics to music!

Hop into the tub or take a warm shower. Walk in the rain. Give

yourself a chance to recuperate from nervous tension every hour or or two instead of being all tied up in knots by the end of the day.

is v misplaced, something (9) When SAUCE CHEESE q",CK it to 1 turn a short timelook then for uncledunoi Morning.: - Milk,Milk,, cup MILK for MORNING grated else. your sub- I Chargesomething cheese, African b is V, doublerich and

of findingconscious the with need I homogenized to give it. Like you, it works better when I HeatMormngMg

pressure. undernot I over low heat. > Rem e D fromnot neaboil. itlikea textureheavier,. cream-.. it's

this chee doublerichness grated,ete is I in orderliness that Remember (10) comp Blend does fine If cheese flavor that and salt. I Add in stitch. to cleanliness. "a Asnext

Serve richer, far a makes eU '"7 I! blended.. of a saves so nine"cantime stirsTuntil moment and 'Vwater delicious more cheese eggsj> vegetables,. I placingthoughtfulness an obwhen—Whh sauce.—h

ject in the logical place save hours.

FEBRUARY 1953 121 VALENTINE TO SEND an overseas valentine is to arrive

If in time for the day, it should be mailed very soon. Of course he

will be expecting some of your homemade "goodies,"which may be baked and mailed in the same shiny tin. Individually wrapped carmels

can serve as packing and they are good "shippers."Any homemade

candy should be packed in a tin.

Fruit cookies such as Pineapple Nut or Applesauce Raisin stay fresh for days. Each cookie should be individually wrapped and packed tightly.

Pineapple Nut Cookies

(Bake at 375 F. for 1012 min.)

1 cup shortening softened 2 cups brown sugar 2 eggs 1 No. 2 can crushed pineapple well

drained 1 teaspoon salt 4 teaspoons baking powder 1 cup chopped nuts 4 cups flour 1 teaspoon vanilla

Cream shortening, add sugar and

Postum's delicious grain -rich flavor—its beaten eggs. Beat well. Add pineapple

rich aroma tells you Postum belongs whenand mix. Sift dry ingredients, flour the

ever the family gets together. So why nuts, and add to cookie mixture. Mix

make—right in the cup! POSTUMCEftEAL BEVERA&6 not get instant postum today? Easy to and bake in greased pans. Wonderful hearty flavor!

Contains no caffein

or any other drug!

A PRODUCT OF

GENERAL FOODS

gZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZL

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Stick of Judah (Continued from page 91) arrowbundle, with the Jewish Ark Still Time 48 of the Covenant, we are faced with a challenge that cannot easily be to Register forbrushed aside—whence this amazing

uniformity in the ways of ancient men the world over? We cannot inNew Classes in: Classes ACCOUNTINGvestigate the problem here: Why the New

ancients chose to be represented inNew equipment and training methods BUSINESS MANAGEMENT dividually and collectively by marked enable you to finish your business trainOFFICE MACHINES rods when they came together at ing much faster than was previously INCLUDING:

their great national assemblies is a required. A roomful of electric typeIBM KEY PUNCH

subject I have treated elsewhere; writers, HySpeed Longhand and a new MOON HOPKINS

what concerns us here is simply the course in Gregg Shorthand Simplified are BILLING MACHINE of better presamples L.D.S. how HOPKINS MOONfact that they did practise such a just

attractive job. pares paying you for an BOOKKEEPING MACHINE

strange economy, and that the tribal rods of which Ezekiel is speaking are Call in or write for further information. You're cordially welcome at

no fanciful invention of his own but your Church school...

something quite familiar to the people to whom he is speaking. The BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

ruin of Moab is represented by Jeremiah as the breaking of his rod COLLEGE Branch nniraiSS that "... (48:17): all ye and know 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY I rW LflU

is his [or recognize] say, name, How the strong staff broken, the beautiful rod!"Here the name is recognized

written on the rod. Ezekiel himself

(19:1 Off) depicts the fall of the nation by the breaking of its rods (verse

12): "her strong rods were broken

and withered..."the rods being

(verse 11) "strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule...."

It is only natural that an identification-staff should serve as a rod of office or authority. As such it commonly served in ancient times as a

messagestaff or "summonsarrow:"

Throughout the ancient world a ruler was thought to command everything his arrow *>k could touch. Thus whenever a ruler of

the all North would his subjects to summon Unfolds See PROTECTION What MAGIC his presence, order he arrow, would an with IT NEED YOU WHENusually called a "wararrow"(heror) all accidents but "MODERNFOLD"can't outguess DOORS to You "cutbe up"and sent out them. among * for Living More Space protected. See your local can be you

Upon being touched by this arrow, every KOLOB AGENT for all your insurance * Movable Walls man had immediately to "follow the arneeds. His advice is sound, his poli- * New Colorful Beauty

row"(fylga drum) to the royal presence cies are backed by strong stock * Rigid Strength of Steel or suffer banishment from the kingcompanies and KOLOB gives prompt STANDARD SIZE DOORS dom.... The "cutting"of the arrow was and fair settlement of claims in case IN STOCK

in Utah, Idaho, agents loss. 300 it, of placingthe of royal the mark upon fold that the doors Nevada. and Montana

like an accordion ofgiving force seal. it the the king's As

often as not the arrow took the form of a A General Insurance Agency simple rod (stefni), bearing marks of authorization, while the message was delivered by word of mouth.... *B

Such a use of the messagestick is infound everywhere antiquity-—we

notneed the go through list again but FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. For demonstration write or phone

should point out that the institution 330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City MODERNFOLD DOOR SALES CO.

was also found among the Jews. Thus 1343 South MainDIVISION OF ALDER'SSalt Lake City

calling"the city Lord, a upon to de- 7-1531 Phone CATHEDRAL, BU& r itsclare allegiance his to him, sends Please free send booklet entitled i your me CHIMES for IE Space "More Living"10 it, torod (a of a herald and man

NAME tushiah), seeing rod, the name on the IIIIIU;. Address calls out to the people; the ye 'Heed cvnd7ow&v Ca/uMvnL

City (Continued on following page) MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. - State

FEBRUARY 1953 123 he perform the miracle of resurrecan The {ContinuedStick of fromJudahpreceding page) whichtion beforehe willtheir "waveeyes,"theinsteadsceptreof rod and the one who hath appointed given him by God.... Then the 30

it.'"(See also Micah 6:9.) In Jews will believe that Elijah is the ELECTRIC Ezekiel 37:18ff it is evident that the Elijah promised to them and the

56 is sengerstaves. prophet The to true Messiah."of the Book The HOME inscribed sticks are to serve as mesMessiah introduced by him is the people, all the show them to and this staff into Bee brings same

they the ask him when what message Christian claiming that "it system by FREEZER the the to repeat is, he is words summon-... belonged to Joseph at the moment

all to the great assembly: ing them

it of the birth of the Saviour, and SAVES YOU TIME... will "the Lord Jehovah as take the served afterwards the one of

sons of Israel out of the nations planks in the Cross of Christ."57 AND MONEY!

among whom they walk, and will gather them from round about, and Note that this staff in the hand of is a true lead them into their land...."a prophet or patriarch

The prophet is God's herald, sent herald's staff, "in intent a king's to gather in the hosts for the last sceptre, held by the herald as is represented as time. Jane Harrison has noted that deputy."Thus God

the herald's staff "is, in intent, a promising to Moses in the hereafter:

king's sceptre held by the herald as "and one of my many sceptres upon deputy,"5'and few have failed to which is engraved the Ineffable Name, observe that the sticks in Ezekiel 37 one that I have employed in the are among other things scepters. creation of the world, shall I give

thee, to the image of which I had familiar thoroughly How the Jews 58 Buy From Your Dealer already given thee in this world."of sigold were with the use and

nificance of various types of symbolic And thus Moses speaks to the Red

Be Thrifty rods may be seen from the wealth Sea: "For a whole day I spoke to

of at the thee the bidding Holy One of tradition built the around up won- [lectricity Use refuse didst to... but thou heed my derful of Aaron. This "the Rod was ft LIGHT CQ. UTAH POWER

I words; thee even showed when my.. that rod the. created Holy One

in the twilight of the first Sabbath rod, didst thou remain obdurate."59

eve and gave to Adam. He transWhen Pharaoh asked Moses and

mitted it to Enoch,"from whom it Aaron, "Who will believe you when passed down in succession to Noah, you say that you are ambassadors of

For America's Finest Shem, Abraham, and Joseph, from God, as you pretend to be?"the creHighway Transportation whom it was stolen by servants of dentials they produced60 were the rod

rod as a sign to the world that God lUhH Pharaoh,by the manonlywhoseto be daughterstolen backmarriedagain and its miracles. This aspect of the

Moses who alone of all her suitors has given his authority to the holder was able to grasp the rod without is very significant, since it represents being consumed. 52 According to anthe power of priesthood: Indeed, the

other account, "Jacob wrested the early Christian Fathers insist that rod from Esau, and... he always the rod is simply a symbolic reprekept it with him... at his death he sentation of the power of priesthood:

bequeathed it to his favorite son "The rod of Aaron,"says Justin

Joseph."'We are assured that Martyr, "bearing blossoms showed

"Aaron's rod is identical with the him to be the High Priest. A rod

rod of Judah,"and that the same rod from the root of Jesse became the

Christ.... By the wood showed God in David's was he hand went when "01 Service Enjoy BUS... THRU himself to Abraham. "it to fight will that Goliath, and

... trips line on main It is exceedingly convenient of to have hiding the in the time from come service on convenient 54

ALL Greyhound trips. Messiah."It is this very rod "that such a messagestick to confirm one's

the Judean kings used until the time claim to have been sent by some king

The name "Greyhound"has of the destruction of the Temple, or by God himself. There are many

become the standard by which when, in miraculous fashion, it disinstances of the usage in the ancient all the measure good we appeared. Elijah will in the future world, and they all seem to go back travel. things in highway

Check Greyhound's service to fetch it 55forth and hand it to the to the divine pattern. Thus, "the

to goes forth Herald of Zeus the For Messiah summon when you'll find Messiah. your

this a subjects with it golden frerod, bears his armed destination—convenient, which comes, it is by always

quently "through,"and tohis name, that he will establish his wand that subdues all creatures with day's best travel bargain. identity before the people: first of its touch."02 This is the civilizing

all, we are told, will come Elijah, and and governing rod of Hermes that of ruler the world, its holder identity of of the makes the to make sure the the golden will entwined GREYHOUNDThe Friendly Way to Travel Messiah, two that wand of the Jews demand 124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA serpents, the caduseus, the arrow of areZeus in whose name all things Milk Improved 62 compelled to do obeisance. It was

this same caduseus with which Aesculapiusdead—an officepresumedreserved toto Godraisealone,the

staff lifegiving the to this dayand TABLE QUEEN BREAD its with Aesculapius two serpents of is the symbol of the medical profession. Strangest of all, the episcopal gives you

staves borne by the heads of various ancient Christian churches are still adorned by the two serpents that more FOOD VALUE clearly betray the pagan origin and descent of their emblems of priesthood."3 Innocent III tells us that the for your money

pontifical staff signifies the power of

Christ and quotes Psalms II and

XLIV to prove it. 84 Yet there are few Each Pound Contains

betterknown traditions in the Rothe nonfat milk man Church than that which reports that the Pope has no rod, because the solids of of Peter, therod only one he could 7 OUNCES OF MILKhave, given to Peter was by Eucherius, Bishop of Trier, when he was sent on his mission to the Germans;

this rod is said to have raised

Eucherius'successor, Maternus, from the dead, 63 just as the rod of Elijah was said to have raised the dead.

The various aspects of ancient rods of office are given here not by way of picturesque diversion, but because we cannot understand the sticks of

Ezekiel until we know what such sticks could and did represent. At

this point some general observations are in order:

1 The ancients used marked staves for identification. The staff and ring

of the Babylonians (Herodotus, History I, 195) recalls the staff and ring by which Tamar identified Judah.

2. A king's staff in the hand of

another showed that the other was a delegate of the king, with authority to act in his name. The royal staff

is thus a sign of power, a scepter.

3. In referring to the sticks of

Joseph and Judah, Ezekiel is using pptCBcg a familiar custom (not inventing fantastic to imagery) illustrate a lesPIKES PEAK INAidsUSEin treatmentfor SEVENTYFIVEof Canker,YEARSsimple son. The lesson has to do with throat and other minor mouth the FLOUR soreestablishing of identity exerthe and irritations. and throat

cise of divine power, or priesthood, in With FOUR the Extra days of the restoration of Israel. Baking HALLS REMEDY important clue is to the situation AdvantagesAn

Salt Lake City, Utah peculiarthe way in which the two SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS BW>-KMMMM>-(''MM t-mm-(IHMMOMIKMOMSticks one.""become

5th South 425 West be (To continued) FOR HEADQUARTERS is City, Lake the 28"This chief passage in which Salt IN LAS VEGAS, Utah AEzekiel reaffirms the social ideal characterNEVADAL.D.S. I

istic of the prophets: an age of peace under YE KINGS REST MOTEL

the government of a righteous ruler."Cooke, 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET

op. cit., p. 400. Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner 2BS. R. Driver, Einleitung in die Litteratur Read TRUTHEdgar H. Foutz, Manager

(Continued on following page) Not TRASH Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

FEBRUARY 1953 125 The Stick of Judah (Continued from preceding page) des Alten Testaments, trs. Rothstein (Berlin,

1896), p. 311.

3CFisch, Ezekiel, p. 249: "The prediction of

national resurrection, as symbolized in the vision of the dry bones, is followed by the symbolic action of the reunion of the two kingdoms to indicate that unity is an essential factor in preserving the life of the nation."31H. Nibley, in Western Political Quarterly

IV (1951), p. 226.

31aFor a general treatment of this subject,

Lord Raglan, The Origins of Religion (Thinkers'Library, 1945).

Nibley, Wstn. Pol. Quart. II (1949),

p. 334. "Ibid., p. 336.

Jas. M. Freeman, Handbook of Bible

Manners and Customs (N.Y., 1877), pp.

305f.

Nibley, loc. cit.

wIbid., p. 337.

37A. C. Fletcher and F. La Flesche, in

Bur. Ethnol. Rept. XXVII (1905-6), pp. 228,

242, 274. 3SNibley, op cit., p. 337.

wLoc. cit., esp. note 5.

MPoetic Edda, Voluspa 63.

"Like the kings of Persia and Babylon, the host among the Kwakiutls gives away all his wealth at the New Year, as he sits with the staves or arrows of all his guests spread out before him, F. Boas, "Kwakiutl

Indians,"U.S. National Museum Report

1895, p. 503f.

"'Nibley, loc. cit.

43L. Ginzberg, The Legends of the ]ews

(Philadelphia: Jewish Publication Soc,

19093), HI, 306.

"I Clement, Epist. ad Corinthos, Ch. 43.

Nibley, op. cit., p. 335. Finest Movies des Westens Masoreten "Paul Kahle, firesides, entertainments, Ideal for ward

(Stuttgart, 1927) I, pp. 3f. use. for or classwork home

6. "Ibid., p.

THE CHOICE LAND XIII (1891Rept. Ethnol. Bureau 48In of

Hale, Nathan and Ruth Produced by 116. p. is 2), Saints. Latterday Theme both

If. cit., op. 49Nibley, pp. 33 of the Mormon Book from taken

Prophecies. )k hr. 16mm film in beautiS0Ibid., p. 333.

ful color. Narration by Wendell Noble. 51Jane Harrison, Prolegomena to the Study

$10.00 per day rental. of Greek Religion (Cambridge, 1924), p.

44. LIVING THE BOOK

52Ginzberg, Legends of the Jews, II, p. 291. the Old Testafrom taken When You Open Your 13 Stories

412. p. 5SIbid., V, of Genesis, 16mm ment, Book B & W SAVINGS ACCOUNT

106. VI, BiIbid., p. hr. Narration about & or color. Each with $50.00 or more and you will receive

FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen by Wendell Noble, prominent L.D.S. Ibid., Ill, p. 307.

and pencil set. Rental $7.00 in B & W, $12.00 color. "Ibid., IV, p. 234.

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to $6.00 or $11.00 if 6 or more titles are 57Quoted in A. S. Rappoport, Myth and

$25,000. booked. Legend of Ancient Israel (London, 1928)

33 years of continuous operation. EXILE FROM EDEN, NOAH AND II, p. 366: "When Adam was driven out of

EGYPTHE HAGAR FAMILY, fig tree the from Per HIS cut branch a Paradise, he CURRENT REBEKAH, ISAAC TIAN, AND this Life, of branch tree the and was which DIVIDEND /0 Annum AND ESAU, JACOB J*\Qf AND JACOB life. all This his staff as a served him HARAN, FROM FLIGHT RACHEL,

it transleft his son, to was and staff he THE CANAAN, TO RETURN till Savings generation to generation Utah from mitted THE JOSEPH JOSEPH, OF STORY

It of possession Abraham. into the Association PRISONER, it came and Loan THE SLAVE, JOSEPH

PROVO, UTAH TOSEPH GOVERNOR OF EGYPT was with this staff that the Patriarch

D. Spencer Grow, President and REUNION IN EGYPT. smashed the idols of his father Terah.

MAIL HANDY COUPON Book Through Jacob used the staff as he tended the flocks... and his son Judah gave it as a pledge

order to check or your money Send it Later Tamar."daughterin-law his to

Street, Center 172 Savings, West Utah found angel by and HILLAM'S an by hidden was Provo, pass savings Utah book your and staff it to Moses. "The gave Jethro, who set will mailed to you immebe pen and Pictures Ideal of Phineas, possession into the then came diately. Place Office Post 54

It it desert. belonged the in buried who City, Salt Utah Lake Name

birth of the at the to moment... Joseph Address Street West 7th 2950 it as afterwards served Saviour, of and the

California Angeles, City..Zone....State Los of Christ."the Cross in of planks the one

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA B8Ginzberg, op. cit., Ill, pp. 430f.

59Ibid., Ill, p. 19.

mIbid., Ill, 335. 61Justin Martyr, Dial, with Trypho, 86, in Love

Patrol. Graec. VI, 680-1: "The cross is the

symbol of the wood of Life in Paradise.

Moses with a rod was sent to liberate thepeople; and holding this rod in his hands That Car!

as commander of the nation he divided the

Red Sea. By its power he struck water

from the rock, and by throwing it into the waters of Merra he made them sweet.

... Jacob boasts that he passed through

the river on this staff,"etc.

Nibley, op. cit., p. 332, with special ref.

to the notes.

fl3See the interesting series of photographs in the National Geographic Magazine liii (1927), 683-9. For the serpent on the earliest staves of the Western Church, see

Archaeologia, Vol. 74 (1924), pp. 314-5.

Usually the staff of authority is thought to represent the thunderbolt by which the enemies of God are smitten: for extensive

identifications see C. S. Blinkenberg, The Let your Utoco dealer help you to take better care

Thunderweapon in Religion and Folklore of your car. He's interested in doing it, and has

(Cambridge, 1911); A. B. Cook, Zeus (Cambridge, 1925) II, 1045-9; 473; 574, n. 2; the finest products for superior performance, with

774; 777; 780; 786-9 (the trident is the modern facilities for outstanding performance.

lightning.) Thunderbolt, caduseus, plant

of immortality, and the lance of St. George

are identified by Dougherty in Annals of the

American Schools of Oriental Research V UTOCO GASOLINE—for finest intermountain perof Israel, 6-8; "rods"19; scepter, (1925), and formance—in either Ethyl or Regular.

staffthe identified of the inspired poet are by Ludw. Deubner in Archiv fuer Religion82-84; extensiveswissenschaft 30 (1932), dependable performancecomparisons are given D. Clarke, by E. "On UTOCO MOTOR OIL—

the Lituus of the Ancient Romans,"for the engine of your valuable car.

Archaeologia 19 (1821), 386400. On the

trident and fleurde-lis (found on early

Christian bishops'staves), W. M. Wylie, ATLAS TIRES, BATTERIES AND ACCESSORIESin Archaeologia 35 (1853) 4853, and H. B.

Walters, "Poseidon's Trident,"]nl. of top quality in every line.

Hellenic Studies 13 (1892-3) 1320, 11:

"In the archaic period... Poseidon has,

instead of a trident a lotossceptre,"as SPECIALIZED LUBRICATIONYour Utoco dealer does Zeus. Significantly, early bishops'is trained to give your car individual attention

staves were topped with the lotussign, G. F.

Lee, "Episcopal Staves, "Archaeol. 51 (1888)... special service.

374, the "Finger of God"(Idem, 376), or the hunter's sign of St. Hubert, and bore such

formidable inscription as "StrikeSpare,"(Idem, 360). The earliest bishops'staves 44th Year of Progress

resemble the caduseus, crowned with double serpents, as can be seen from the photographs in the National Geographic MagaLET'S GO—WITH UTOCO UTOCO

zine 52 (Dec. 1927), PI. i-vii, from Savaric's

staff (c. 1200 A.D.), see Archaeol. 58 (1903), UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

p. 409, fig. 2, PI. xxvii; p. 412, fig. 5, and

the oldest such staff from the north, reproduced in JJA Worsaae, Nordiske Oldsager i det Konegl. Mus. i Kjobenhavn (Copenhagen, p. 150, 542; cf. Read, 1859) C. H. PL

of Ivory the Ever think what would happen Cross"A Morse Head Tau 11th Century,"Archaeologia 58 (1903), p. if fig. 5. picthe oldest In409, fig. 2; p. 412, fire were to lay waste your home, istures the topped caduseus by Hermes'

serpent or the fleurde-lis, Ed. Gerhard, See the friendly Agent of the

Etruskische Spiegel (Berlin, 1884) V, taf. 8,

1, 2.nos. In these other cases and many UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. of officethe rods Christian bishops borne by

can be traced back to the pagan priesthoods in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your

of antiquity. Their use in the Christian policies.

churches is first met with in the seventh Or see...

century, and is not general until the eleventh century, L. Duchesne, Origines du Culte HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

Chretien (Paris, 1898), p. 383. General Agents

04In Patrol, hat. CCXVII, 790. 20 South Main - Salt Lake City

In Patrol, hat. CCXXI, 600.

FEBRUARY 1953 127 Your Page

Wolcott, New York The Light Touch Dear Editors:

I like writing, the conferthat 7hile to tell you, I would am TT card. "is report And to his father, "Here,"said Johnny my "that are ence enjoyable, numbers more so much now I found of yours old one triumphantly, here,""is an he added is finished each speech "continued without to look a having up

in the attic."* * * on page."

A fouryear-old girl told her mother that her Sunday I thank you for a wonderfulYourmagazine.sister in the gospel,

School class sang the Amos and Andy song during the morning /s/ Mrs. Helga Jones

exercises. "What do you mean, the Amos and Andy song?"the astounded mother asked. Scott Air Force Base, Illinois

"Oh, you know,"little Jean answered. Gentlemen:

talks "Andy walks with me; Andy

like for the efforts express to appreciation put my * * * the send those Era to servicemen. with—Dickme."Blanchard I forthwouldby who My subto given and I thank Wales Ward, was by the me found the customers in the barber shop disscription The stranger

gifts finest ever of the had. them for I have one cussing boxing.

"Well,"said a quiet little baldheaded man, "I've boxed When I was home, with all the pleasures I took for granted,

I did attention to the Era. I just accepted not too pay much to parts, these in of the best from heavyweights some men

it it. there, that that and was was about of again after I'd ever fought not bantams, one and them

done with him."Since I have been in the air force, I have received four issues,

"Good heavens!"gasped the stranger to the man beside him. and I now look forward to the time when the next will ar-

"He doesn't look like a fighting man at all!"rive. It is something that helps fill the gap between me and

"He isn't,"grinned the other. "He's the local undertaker."home, and it is really swell to be able to read the messages

that the leaders of our Church have for us.

Again I thank you, True—Februaryleadersis theof humanitymonth of A/3C Douglas Lamb Washington and Lincoln—

two historic figures in the Camp Pickett, Virginia annals of the American naDear Editor:

tion. Each leader a was man I I receive to started Imin as the army, The went soon As

in and statesman of time ** for letter this in to thank you Era, and provement crisis, each the and had hu- I to glad very fine service given the always me. have you amI want

... touch Lincoln man was I it to back. have beginning the receive the read from and taken once to task by an all it helpgrateful are to that of lot very out learned a and am associate for his attitude toall like it to the that possible ing to to magazine send a make his try enemies. ward to you do friends of "Why make them? soldiers.

to try should destroy them,"advised You the friend "Am all. bless you God I destroying not enemies,"Lincoln replied,. gently my. "when. Sincerely,

/ friends?"them make my Hendrik /s/ Tak W.

Sandrestrom, Greenland Dear Editors: Note: This letter arrived in our office shortly after Dr.

passing. Widtsoe's I tell an airman from to home, away want you that As The

Sendai, Japan ** the only Era is of Improvement keeping I have in way

Dr. Widtsoe: conDear I tact to express with the Church. wish to thanks those my

making it possible for me to get this fine publication. Possibly enjoyed your article in the August issue of The Improve-

I am the only L.D.S. member in Greenland or for many miles I ment Era about "May God's Word Be Interpreted?"In

around. fact, I have enjoyed many, many of your articles in the past,

Elder Widtsoe, and I wish to thank you very much for your Saints, it gives us the As Latterday avenue by which we can

... efforts. receive the of advice the words Authorities. from General

I In closing wish to extend again many thanks and may God articlesPleaseyouaccepthavethiswrittenwith whichmy sincerehave enlightenedgratitude forandthepleasedmany bless always prosper the good and work.

Sincerely, so many of us.

brother, Sincerely your /s/ A/3C Olen Googe

Sherman M.D. W. Thorpe,

Prescott, Arizona Dear Editors: Honolulu, Hawaii

am writing in hope of getting some information about some Dear Editors:

I very dear friends. If anyone reading this has any informaam a seaman in the U.S. Navy and due to the fact that I am

tion as to the whereabouts of Mr. or Mrs. Emil Lindstrom, I at sea a good part of the time, it is quite hard to get Church

I would appreciate hearing about them. literature. Lately I have been able to receive The ImproveThe last account I had of them, they were in Blackfoot, ment Era and oh, the joy and contentment it brings to read

Idaho. Their son, Jack Lindstrom, was operating a service of the activities of the Church; to read the words of God

station there.... spoken by those great disciples of truth, the leaders of our

It has been thirteen years since we lost track of them. Mrs. Church.

Lindstrom is a member of the Church and had sisters who The Improvement Era is a missionary in itself. There are

are also members. many, many articles that help us, both temporally and spirit-

I will appreciate any information concerning any of them. ually.

I have been a Latterday Saint for four years now and find How can one say thank you when it means so very much.

the Era a very wonderful magazine and helpful in many ways. I know that I represent the feelings of all L.D.S. serviceMay our Heavenly Father bless each and every one of you. men when I say, God bless you in your wonderful work.

Your sister in the gospel of Jesus Christ, Sincerely, /s/ Mrs. G. L. Sigferson /s/ Robert D. Bagley, USN

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &s$#*<s His equipment must be

SO SHOULD YOUR MOTOR OIL!

A paratrooper can't afford needless risks. That's why he wears two parachutes... so he has a safety margin.

"Safe enough"won't do. His equipment has to be super safe! Often

your car may need such a safety margin. That'swhy Phillips 66 Heavy

Duty Premium Motor Oil is made so it actually surpasses the recommendations of U. S. car manufacturers

for all makes of cars. It's super safe!

Surpasses the Recommendations of U. S. Car Makers

&c#/9/?teec/to S#t/s/y/

When you refill with Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil you get a printed certificate—your

guarantee of satisfaction! Use this great oil for ten

days, or up to 1,000 miles, and ifyou aren't completely satisfied, go to any Phillips 66 Dealer and he will refill your car's crankcase with any other available oil you want, at Phillips expense!

How does Phillips dare make such a guarantee?

Because Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor

Oil is so good it actually surpasses manufacturers'recommendations for all makes of cars! Get Phillips 66

Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil. It's guaranteed

to satisfy you!

Gf"lubrifecffon

P).

WASATCH STOP AT STATIONS WHERE YOU SEE THESE SIGNS / rp. \ M S) t\

"Happy Valentine, Mommy!"In this small voice are

hood seem insignificant... and the effort well worth while. ft echoed the warmth and love that make the many trials of parentShare with your entire family the joy and feeling of well

being that come with a Beneficial Life Insurance program.

0 v BENEFICIAL LIFE > - gillionimecfttaflpi Insurance Dollars of Company O % 'fe \nmfic)e in Force. David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah