Vol. VIII. The glory of God if intelligence. No. 12

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

F. Smith, JOSEPH Grant, Business Heber J.

{{ h. Edward Hdll, Managers. Anderson )j E'UVl*t"-UI!'-fr,r.<s Thomas

Entered at the Poet Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as SecondClass Matter.

OCTOBER, 1905.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Originality of the Book of Mormon B. H. Roberts 88T

Harvester, Look O'er the Harvest. A Poem J. L. Townsend 902

Don't Growl!—Don't Whine Dr. J. X. Allen 903

The Violet's Mission. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 905

A Mother's Letters to Her Missionary Son, VIII... Susa Young Gates 906

Utah at the Lewis and Clark Exposition Joseph Ballantyne 914

Farewell to Summer. A Poem Lou Lewis 917

Retribution—Order No. 11 James G. Duffin 918*

Of the Future George W. Crocheron 927

"The Menace of 'Mormonism'"William Halls 928

An Incident and its Lesson Apollos B. Taylor 932*

To the Rhine. A Poem Lydia D. Alder 933

. Tanner 935*Topics of Moment—The RussoJapanese Treaty-- Dr. J. Af

The Portsmouth Peace and the War—The

President Under Water Editor's Table—The effective Course 940*

A Word from the Editors—History of the

Church, Vol. Ill

Notes 949'In Lighter Mood 951;

Our Work—Missionary Work Joseph W. McMurrin 952

Associations in Foreign Lands—Manuals

Ready for Distribution 954 Events of the Month Joseph F. Smith, Jr. 955

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 & 215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum.

KEEP MONEY AT HOME John G. McCIaln,W. J. Prest.Burton,Theo.Treas.T. Burton, Sec.

BY INSURING IN THE BURTON COAL & LUMBER CO.

All kinds of COflU.

Of all kinds. LUMBER

Wholesale and Retail. Lumber In car lota

a specialty.

Office, 60 W. Second South St. Yards, Cor.

Fifth South and Third West St.

Telephone 808.

TJiH.

STATE BAflK>UTJlH Accounts Solicited.

Don't carry your own risk. Correspondence Invited.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

Joseph HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Wm. B. F.Preston,Smith, President.VicePresident.

GENERAL AGENTS. CharlesHenry T.S.McEwan,Burton, Cashier.Ass't Cashier.

Heber J. Grant, Jos. D. Murdock,

2026 South Main Street, Salt Lake City. A.W.Carlson, Heber M. Wells,

Byrcn Groo, Isaac Barton.

YOU ARE DELUDING YOURSELF Telephone 351. WHEN YOU SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue. would be of

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21,23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

at the house/ TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORAT-LAW. friends who have it.

U. S. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney

U.S. Patent Office, United States and Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights. ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS

Opp. U. S. Patent Office WA8HINGT0N.D.C. ARGUMENT.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)

TheMANUALS for 1905-6 are now ready for distribution

The Young Mens Associations should send in their orders without delay to

THOMAS HULL, 214 Templeton,

Salt Lake City,

MISSIONARIES

mf write should to % People You 9 the call on or f!

SALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS t Like to Meet 9.9n

for their 9.9 Are found on the through trains of the

HOSIERY, UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"Santa Fe Route. Firstclass travel is attracted to firstclass roads. The Santa Fe 9.

before leaving for Route is a firstclass road. 9.

their fields of labor. it is one of the three LARGEST RAIL- 9

in the world. Present 9. SYSTEMS WAY

9. mileage, 7,734 miles.

9 it extends from to the Michigan Lake"We have a full line of 9. Pacific of and Gulf Mexico, reachOcean

9 ITS Chicago, RAILS ing WITH OWN WHITS SHIRTS, HOSIERY. NECKWEAR Fort City, Denver, Worth, Kansas Galves- "ton, El Paso, Los Angeles, and San Fran9f

Our Specialty is KNITTED "6ARUENTS cisco. 9

It runs the finest and fastest transcon- 9.''

We have them in Cotton from $1.00 up tinental train, the CALIFORNIA LIMITED.

Its managed by Mr. MEAL SERVICE, and in Wool from *1.75 up. 99 is the best in the world. Harvey, Fred 7USKIL US. 9 is FROW BY rockballasted laid and ORDER Its TRACK

9. steel with throughout heavy seucl your "Garments"ordering When 9. this, as a road such DISOn rails.LONG of length measure chest and weight,height, are frequently shatTANCE RECORDS tosleeve latest feat tered, that the being of the 9.9

"Peacock Special,"Los Angeles to Chi- 9.

Salt hake Knitting Works, cago,Every2,265comfortmiles inandless luxurythan 58 desiredhours. by 9.f

travelers. SKLT L-KKE CITY, UTKH. modern sell you a ticket over the Santa J May we

Fe? JOSEPH R. SMITH, Mgr. 9.9.

DIRECTORS /=. A., A. T. <t S. F. RY. * Joseph F. Smith. President. IV. J. BLACK, O. 9 Clawson, Rudger 9. VicePresident. TOREKA, KAN9AS. Hull, Thomas

Nelson, Joseph Smith. 9.m Alvin F.!:3;993-:9&a&*3&9& (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE PRESTIGE OF AN OLD sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1 869, and still doing business under right. the same name. Be sure you get the name

all kinds No need to tell you that we sell lumber of and everything else that is usually sold by a firstclass yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

joubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TAYMWlflEMR|flSTRO!lGGO,

South Temple and Seeond West.

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN Y00 GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000,

QFFICBRS.

Jo?eph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund,

VicePresident George M. Cannon,

Cashier Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

DIRECTORS Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M, Smith

-NO,l MKIN SI REET. SHLT LHK6 CITY, UTHH

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

TheMANUALS for 1905-6 are now ready for distribution

The Young Mens Associations should send in their orders without delay to

THOMAS HULL, 214 Templeton,

Salt Lake City.

MISSIONARIES vfee&ssssesefcfrfr&fcee&Sfe should write to People You 9.ff

or call on the * 9SALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS Like to Meet for tlieir 99 HOSIERY, UNDERWEAR AND -GARMENTS"AreSantafoundFe Route.on the Firstclassthrough trainstravel ofis theat- <ff

tracted to firstclass roads. The Santa Fe

before leaving for Route is a firstclass road.

their fields of labor. It is one of the three LARGEST RAILWAY SYSTEMS in the world. Present 9fmileage, 7,734 miles.

It extends from Lake Michigan to theWe have a full line of of Pacific Mexico, Ocean reach- 9.9 ITS Chicago. WAILS ing WITH andOWNGulf 1'WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR Fort City, Denver, Worth, GalvesKansas

El Paso, Los Angeles, and San Fran- 9.9Our Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS."cisco.ton, 1>

It the finest runs and fastest transcon- in Cotton from $1.00 up tinental them We have 9..75 up. Its MEALtrain, SERVICE,the CALIFORNIAmanagedLIMITED.by Mr. 9. in Wool and from H

Fred Harvey, is the best in the world.

7USRIIUS. is BV Its laid FROM rockballasted ORDER and TRACK 9.f9 steel with heavy throughout send "Garments"your ordering When 9 this, a road as such DISOn rails.LONG of length measure chest weight, andheight,

are frequently shatRECORDSsleeve to TANCE latest feat that of tered, the the 9.9 being

"Peacock Special,"Los Angeles to Chicago, 2,265 miles in less than 58 hours. 99 Salt kake Knitting Works, Every comfort and luxury desired by 9

SRLT LKKE CITY, UTKH. modernMay wetravelers.sell you a ticket over the Santa j Fe? 9.9 JOSEPH R. SMITH, Mgr.

DIRECTORS G.. P. A., A. T. <t S. F. RY 99f Joseph F. Smith. President. W. J. BLACK, 9 Clawson, Rudger VicePresident. TOREK A KAN9AS. Hull, Thomas 9.9 Nelson, Joseph

Alvin F. Smith. frS3333333333333333333333** (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.);

THE PRESTIGE OF AN OLD sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRom neyArmstrong-Co., THERE

organized in 1 869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

No need to tell you that we sell lumber of all kinds and everything else that is usually sold by a firstclass yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

aoubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TAYIiOWlflEYflH|ttSTRONG"GO.,

South Temple and Second West.

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COflPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on 91. to $5,000,

OFFICERS.

Jo?epb F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund,

VicePresident George M. Cannon,

Cashier Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

DIRBCTORS Joseph F, Smith Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M, Smith

-NO,l MKIN SI REET, SHLT LHKS CITY, UTRH (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

?- Q=: T> -.D?

INVITATION TO SUBSCRIBE FOR The Improvement Era ORGAN OF THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Volume IX 19051906

-J X>0 The Improvement Era makes its annual bow to the public, on November ist, 1905, stronger than ever in the love of the people. The circulation and the standard have been kept up,

and we have more friends than ever among the lovers of good literature.

OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL OF THE ERA.

The Era is the organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It is owned by the General Board, and has no

capital except the subscriptions annually invested by its readers, who comprise the leading and progressive young men of the Church. The magazine was started by the young men

as their advocate, and it finds favor with the general reader who delights in clean, entertaining, and instructive literature.

Its pages contain historical matter, comment on current events, biography, doctrinal and inspirational essays, poems, and stories, all written by able home writers. President

Joseph F. Smith is the editor, and he with the General Board of

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, controls its policy. All the profits go to the betterment of the magazine, or are spent in the interest of the Mutual Improvement Associations. The magazine is not published for the

purpose of making money, but for the advancement of the members of our organizations. Your attention is called to the

double purpose served by every subscription: it is a contribution aiding in the growth and prosperity of the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Church, and in the advancement of good works among the young people; it gives you,

besides, full returns in good, wholesome, entertaining literature for the $2.00 invested.

FREE TO MISSIONARIES.

: It is sent free to all the missionOne more consideration

aries. It is used by them to good advantage in the mission

field, and they testify to its great value in making friends for the Church, and in introducing them to strangers. Between

fourteen hundred and seventeen hundred copies are scattered in all the lands where the messengers of the Gospel are laboring, involving an annual expenditure of thousands of dollars. Our subscribers are thus preaching the Gospel, and aiding in the work by subscribing for the Era. Testimonials are

received daily, bearing witness to the help, information, and pleasure derived from the Era by the missionaries and the thousands of readers to whom they distribute it.

The young men of Zion, as well as others, can, therefore, well afford a subscription of $2.00 to help in this work, especially as they get full value for their money in the magazine itself. What do you say? Join in the ranks, and send your subscription today. Don't wait for further solicitation.

THE MANUAL FREE WITH THE ERA.

An additional consideration is that the manual,—either

free with each subscription. TheSenior or Junior—is sent

Senior manual this year is a book of over 300 pages of fine type which, under other conditions, would cost the subscriber at least $1.00. You get this splendid treatise on the Book of

Mormon absolutely free with the Era.

See two interesting chapters from the fascinating pages of the manual, in the September and October numbers of the Era.

REGULAR DEPARTMENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS.

The "Editor's Table,"so valuable to our readers in the past, will continue to be one of the leading features of the Era, in which President Joseph F. Smith will discuss ethical, religious, and current topics. "Topics of Moment,"will treat on

the most important of the world's events. "Questions and Answers,"will contain important questions on doctrine and miscellaneous matters, and their answers. "Our Work,"will be

made extremely valuable, necessary and indispensable as a guide and help to the officers. For this one reason alone every

officer in the organization should subscribe for the magazine.

Among the writers who have promised to contribute to Volume IX of the Era are the following well known leading authors and writers

B. H. Roberts Edwin F. Parry

Dr. John A. Widtsoe Prof.Willard Done

Dr. James E. Talmage Nephi Anderson

Orson F. Whitney W. A. Morton

Dr. George H. Brimhall Henry W. Naisbitt

Prof. N. L. Nelson Lydia D. Alder

Dr. Frederic Clift S. A. Kenner

Prof. Mosiah Hall Nephi L. Morris

Mrs. Susa Young Gates Annie G. Lauritzen

Prof. Alfred Osmond Prof. Bryant S. Hinckley

J. L. Townsend James H. Martineau

Prof. J. H. Paul L. L. Greene Richards

Prof. W. H. Chamberlin Major Richard W. Young

Dr. J. X. Allen Prof. F. E. Pack

Prof. J. H. Evans Grace Ingles Frost,

Prof. Lewis A. Merrill and a host of others.

Jas. G. Duffin

SPECIAL FEATURES FOR VOLUME IX.

President Joseph F. Smith, the Senior Editor

Will contribute articles on topics of interest to the Saints and the young people. No articles that have ever been published

in a home magazine have been received with greater favor than the contributions of President Smith in the past volumes of the Era. He will continue for Volume IX, and this feature

alone is of great value and interest to both old and young.

Weed's Life of St. Paul.

One of the best biographies of the great apostle ever written for boys, is "Weed's Life of St. Paul,"which the Era

has obtained permission to print and which will appear serially in Volume IX. Its descriptive and biographical features are so

fascinating that the boy who begins reading it will scarcely know how to wait for the next number. This copyright publication, in itself a good book, which will continue throughout

the volume, is alone worth half of the subscription.

Short Stories.—Offer to Writers.

For volume nine of the Era we expect twelve short stories.

The Era offers $25.00 for any story submitted to its editors

during the year beginning October, 1905, that will be deemed available by the editors for publication in the magazine.

Stories must contain no less than 2,000 words nor more than 7,000, and may be submitted at any time during the year, those not used to be returned at the close, of October, 1906, and the available ones paid for at the time of publication. The

right to reject any stories submitted is reserved. Stories of

true experience and adventure, inspiration, action and achievement, suitable for boys and young men, are preferred.

Memorial Number.

One hundred years ago, in December, the Prophet Joseph

Smith was born. The December Era will be devoted to his

career and character, and articles thereon are anticipated from

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Bishop Orson F. Whitney, Dr. James E.

Talmage, Prof. J. H. Evans, Susa Young Gates, Prof. Willard

Done, Historian Andrew Jenson and other writers. It is hoped

to make the tribute worthy of the man, and all the people will wish to secure the volume containing these valuable contributions on the great prophet of the latter days.

A University Scholarship.

To the young men between the ages of sixteen and twenty-two years inclusive, who are members of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association, for the best essay on "The Internal Evidences of the Truth of the Rook of

Mormon,"the General B>oard offers one year's scholarship in any one of these three educational institutions: The Latterday Saints'University, Salt Lake City; the Brigham Young

University, Provo; and the Brigham Young College, Logan.

The school to be chosen by the successful contestant.

The essay must consist of not less than two thousand nor more than four thousand words, or from five to ten pages of the Improvement Era; must be typewritten; and must be in

the hands of the editor of the Improvement Era by April I, 1906. The best essay will be published in the ninth volume of

the Era.

The essay will be judged on the following points: Originality, logical arrangement in statement of subject matter and

argument; and literary excellence. By originality is meant,

that the work must be rigidly the competitor's own effort.

The scholarship will consist of:

First, free transportation from his home to school and return, including a holiday trip home and return.

Second, free tuition, and books in school.

Third, free board and lodging, (ordinary student's fare) for forty weeks.

Fourth, clothing, and a reasonable allowance for incidentals.

This liberal offer should create a decidedly interesting competition. We hope that every association will hold a competitive trial among their membership, and forward the one best

essay for the general competition.

Miscellaneous Subjects Already in Hand.

A large number of short essays on religious, historical, social, literary, and scientific themes will appear, all of which have been written by a variety of entertaining authors, old and new. Among the titles, now on hand or promised, are many of

excellent value and of attractive interest.

Doctrinal Subjects.

Doctrinal topics will receive due consideration, and our efforts will be extended to make the Era, as in the past, a leading doctrinal exponent of the Church for the missionary field, for the student, and the investigator.

AIM OF THE ERA.

The primary aim of the Era is to instil into the hearts of the young people a testimony of the truth and magnitude of the Gospel and the work of God; and, like the association

which it represents, "to aid them in developing the gifts within them, and in cultivating a knowledge and an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."It aims, besides, to educate and interest its readers in social affairs, in history, biography, current events, and the building of noble

character, and to point young men to the way of true success.

As the organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Asso-

ciations, it promulgates the official instructions of the leaders of this great organization, making it indispensable to every officer therein. It is also a magazine for the family.

TO THE OFFICERS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS.

We ask you to continue loyal to our magazine, by subscribing for it yourselves, and by each one of you seeming another subscriber. We ask that officers promptly arrange for

the canvass of the membership of their association and tf ards, so that no family is left without solicitation Remember that every president is an agent. He should appoint one of his assistants to carefully look after the interests of the magazine,

and should himself see that the ward is thoroughly aad completely canvassed early in the season. A stake aid to the superintendent should be appointed to supervise the canvass for

the Era and otherwise look after its business welfare in the stake. Little difficulty will be experienced in obtaining subscribers, if the work is handled properly and in season. As the

organ of our associations, the Era is the vehicle of official information for the officers, and as such is indispensable to M. I.

workers.

TERMS AND GUARANTEE.

At the 1903 annual conference of the associations, the officers decided that all subscriptions should be paid in advance, and all officers pledged themselves to become subscribers.

The Era will be issued promptly on the first of each month price $2.00, including the manual. Upon application from subscribers who have been with us for years, the magazine will be

sent to them without interruption upon receipt of a request from them, (on the subscription slips forwarded to them by mail) to continue the magazine upon their promise to pay within the month. Behind us are eight years of fulfilled promises, and the subscriber may be certain that all promises made

will be fulfilled. The magazine is prompt in publication, and,

as in the past, all our pledges will be faithfully kept.

Officers.

Joseph F. Smith, General Stipt.

Heber J. Grant, Assistant,

B. H. Roberts, Assistant.

Thomas Hull, Secretary and Treasurer.

Evan Stephens, Musical Director.

Horace S. Ensign, Asst. Musical Director.

Aids.

Francis M. Lyman, Jos. W. McMurrin,

John Henry Smith, Reed Smoot, Matthias F. Cowley, Briant S. Hinckley,

J. Golden Kimball, Moses W. Taylor,

Junius F. Wells, B. F. Grant,

Rodney C. Badger, Henry S. Tanner,

George H. Brimhall, Hyrum M. Smith,

Edward H. Anderson, Wm. B. Dougall,

Douglas M. Todd, Jos. F. Smith, Jr.,

Thomas Hull, O. C. Beebe,

Nephi L. Morris, Lewis T. Cannon,

Willard Done, Philip S. Maycock,

Le Roi C. Snow, Benj. Goddard,

Frank Y. Taylor, Geo. A. Smith,

Rudger Clawson, Thomas A. Clawson,

Rulon S. Wells, Louis A. Kelsch,

Lyman R. Martineau.

Address all communications IMPROVEMENT ERA, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Vol. VIII. OCTOBER, 1905. No. 12.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

(Continued.)

BY ELDER B. H. ROBERTS.

THE FALL OF ADAM—THE PURPOSE OF MAN'S

EXISTENCE.

In the second book of Nephi occurs the following direct, explicit statement:

Adam fell that man might be, and men are that they might have joy.

This assertion concerns two of the mightiest problems of theology: First). The reason for man's fall.

Second. The purpose of Adam's existence.

Before entering into a consideration of these doctrines, however, I must establish the fact of their originality; for I fancy

there will be many who at first glance will be disposed to question their being original with the Book of Mormon. It must be conceded, of"course, that the fact of man's fall is frequently mentioned in the Bible. The story of it is told at length in Genesis.*

* Genesis 3.

.

882 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

It is the subject of some of Paul's discourses;* and, indeed, it underlies the whole Christian scheme for the redemption and salvation

of man. Yet, strange to say, there is not to be found a direct, explicit statement in all the Jewish scriptures as to why Adam fell.

The same statement may be made with reference to the second part of this passage. That is, that there is nowhere in Jewish

scriptures a direct, explicit statement as to the object of man's existence.

These statements, with reference to the absence of anything in Holy scripture on these two important points, will, I know, be regarded as extremely bold; and especially when made with reference to so large -a body of literature as is comprised in the

Hebrew scripturesYet I make them with absolute confidence;

and am helped to that conclusion from the fact that nowhere in the creeds of men, based upon Jewish and Christian scripture, is there to be found a direct statement upon these two subjects that has in it the warrant of explicit, scriptural authority.

Nowhere in the creeds of men—the creeds of men! those

great crystallizations of Christian truths, as men have conceived those truths to be; those embodied deductions of the

teachings of Holy scripture—nowhere in them, I repeat, are

these two great theological questions disposed of on scriptural authority.

The Westminster Confession of Faith, which embodies the accepted doctrine of one of the largest bodies of Protestant

Christendom, ascribes the purpose of all the creative acts of God to be "the manifestation of the glory of his eternal power, wisdom and goodness.f And in an authoritative explanation of this

part of the creed it is said, "The design of God in creation was the manifestation of his own glory."And again, "Our confession very

explicitly takes the position that the chief end of God, in his eternal purposes and in their temporal execution in creation and providence, is the manifestation of his own glory. * * * The

scriptures explicitly assert that this is the chief end of God in

* I Cor. 15: 21, 22; Romans 5: 1217.

f Westminster Confession, chapter 4—Of Creation—section 1.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 883

creation.* * * * The manifestation of his own glory is intrinsically the highest and worthiest end that God could propose to himself."f

The only business I have here with this declaration of the purpose of God in creation—including the creation of man, of

call attention to the fact that it nowhere hascourse,—is simply to

the direct warrant of scripture.

The great Protestant body of Christians, known as the "Episcopal Church,"whose chief doctrines are embodied in The Book of

Common Prayer, is silent upon the two subjects in question, viz.,

why Adam fell; the object of man's existence. Their Articles of

Faith, it is true, speak of the fall of Adam, and its effect upon the human race: but nowhere do they attempt to say why it was that

Adam fell, or give a reason for man's existence. Their creeds proclaim their faith in God, "the Maker and Preserver of all things,

both visible and invisible;"but nowhere declare the purpose of

that creation, and, consequently, have no word as to the object of man's existence.

The exposition of the Catholic creed on the same point, as set forth in the Douay Catechism, is as follows:

Ques. What signify the words creation of heaven and earth?

Ans. They signify that God made heaven and earth and all creatures in them of nothing, by his word only.

Ques. What moved God to make them?

Ans. His own goodness, so that he may communicate himself to

angels and to man, for whom he made all other creatures.J

Speaking of the creation of the angels, the same work continues:

Ques. For what end did God create them? [the angels.]

* In proof of this last declaration, the expounder cites Col. 1: 16;

Prov. 16: 4; Rev. 4: 11; Rom. 11: 36. See Commentary on the Confession

of Faith, with questions for theological students and Bible classes, by the

Rev. A.. A. Hodge, D. D., chapter 4. The reading of the passages

quoted will convince any one that the statement of the creed is but poorly, or not at all, sustained by them.

t Commentary on the Confession, (Hodge) chapter 4.

% Douay Catechism, chapter 3.

884 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Ans. To be partakers of his glory and to be our guardians.

Referring again to man's creation, the following occurs:

Ques. Do we owe much to God for creation?

Ans. Very much, because he made us in such a perfect state,

creating us for himself, and all things else for us.*

From all which it may be summarized that the purpose of God in the creation of men and angels, according to Catholic theology,

is First, that God might communicate himself to them.

Second, that they might be partakers of his glory.

Third, that he created them for himself, and all thing3 else for them.

While this may be in part the truth, and so far excellent, it has no higher warrant of authority than human deduction, based on conjecture, not scripture; and it certainly falls far short of

giving to man that "pride of place"in existence which his higher nature and his dignity as a son of God entitle him.

The originality of these two Book of Mormon doctrines established, let us now consider if they are true and of what value they are, and what effect they will probably have upon the ideas of men. I shall treat them separately first, and in relation afterwards.

"Adam fell that man might be."

I think it cannot be doubted, when the whole story of mart's

itfall is taken into account, that in some way—however hidden

may be under allegory—his fall was closely associated with the

propagation of the race. In an incidental way, Paul gives us to

understand that Adam, in the matter of the first transgression, was not deceived, but that the woman was.f It therefore follows that

Adam must have sinned knowingly, and perhaps deliberately, making choice of two laws pressing upon him. With his spouse, Eve, he had

received a commandment from God to be fruitful, to perpetuate his race in the earth. He had also been told not to partake of a certain

fruit of the garden of Eden; but, according to the story of Genesis, as

* Douay Catechism, chapter 3.

f Tim. 2: 14.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 885

also according to the assertion of Paul, Eve, who, with Adam, received the commandment to multiply in the earth, was deceived, and, by the persuasion of Lucifer, induced to partake of the forbidden fruit. She, therefore, was in transgression, and subject to

the penalty of that law which from the scriptures we learn included banishment from Eden, banishment from the presence of

God, and also the death of the body. This meant, if Eve were permitted to stand alone in her transgression, that she must be alone,

also, in suffering the penalty. In that event she would have been

separated from Adam; which necessarily would have prevented

obedience to the commandment given to them conjointly, to multiply in the earth. In the presence of this situation, it is, therefore, to be believed that Adam, not deceived either by the cunning

of Lucifer or the blandishments of the woman, deliberately, and with a full knowledge of his act and its consequences, and in ordet* to carry out the purpose of God, in the creation of man, shared alike the woman's transgression and its effects; and this in order

viz., that—"bethefruitfulfirst greatand commandmentmultiply and replenishhe had receivedthe earth,fromandGod;subdue

fail of fulfilment. Thus, "Adam fell that manit"—might not

might be."The effect of this thought upon the ideas of men, concerning the great Patriarch of our race, will be revolutionary. It seems

to be the fashion of those who assume to teach the Christian religion to denounce Adam in unmeasured terms; as if the fall of

man had surprised, if indeed it did not altogether thwart, the original plan of God respecting the existence of man in the earth.

The creeds of the churches generally fail to consider the fall as part of God's purpose regarding this world, and in its way as essential to the accomplishment of that purpose as the redemption through Jesus Christ. Certainly there would have been no occasion for the redemption, had there been no fall; and hence, no occasion for the display of all that wealth of grace and mercy and

richness of experience, involved in the justice and love—all that

gospel of Jesus Christ, had there been no fall. It cannot be but

that it was part of God's purpose to display these qualities in their true relation, for the benefit, and blessing, and experience, and enlargement of man; and, since there would have been no oc

886 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

casion for displaying them but for the fall, it logically follows that the fall, no less than the redemption, must have been part of

God's original plan, respecting the earthprobation of man. The

fall undoubtedly was a fact as much present to the foreknowledge of God as was the redemption; and the act which encompassed it

must be regarded as more praiseworthy than blameworthy, since it was essential to the accomplishment of the divine purpose. Yet,

as I say, those who assume to teach Christianity, roundly denounce Adam for his transgression. "The Catholic Church

teaches,"says Joseph Faa'Di Bruno, D. D., "that Adam by his sin

has not only caused harm to himself, but to the whole human race;

that by it he lost the supernatural justice and holiness which he received gratuitously from God, and lost it, not only for himself, but also for all of us; and that he, having stained himself with the sin

of disobedience, has transmitted not only death and other bodily pains and infirmities to the whole human race, but also sin, which is the death of the soul."*

And again:

Unhappily Adam, by his sin of disobedience, which was also a sin of pride, disbelief and ambition, forfeited, or more properly speaking, rejected that original justice; and we, as members of the human family,

of which he was the head, are also implicated in that guilt of selfspoli- ation, or rejection and deprivation of those supernatural gifts; not indeed

on account of our having willed it with our personal will, but having willed it with the will of our first parent, to whom we are linked by nature as members to their head.f

Still again, and this from the Catholic Catechism:

Q. Huw did we lose original justice?

A. By Adam's disobedience to God in eating the forbidden fruit.

Q. How do you prove that?

A. Out of Rom. 5: 12, "By one man sin entered into the world, and

by sin death; and so into all men death did pass, in whom all have

sinned."Q. Had man ever died if he had never sinned?

* Catholic Belief, p. 6.

f Catholic Belief, p. 330.

f

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 887

A. He would not, but would live in a state of justice, and at

length be translated alive to the fellowship of the angels.*

From a Protestant source I quote the following:

In the fall of man we may observe, 1. The greatest infidelity.

2. Prodigious pride. 3. Horrid ingratitude. 4. Visible contempt of

God's majesty and justice. 5. Unaccountable folly. 6. A cruelty to

himself and to all his posterity. Infidels, however, have treated the account of the fall and its effects, with contempt, and considered the whole

as absurd; but their objections to the manner have been ably answered

by a variety of authors; and as to the effects, one would hardly think

anybody could deny. For that man is a fallen creature, is evident, if

we consider his misery as an inhabitant of the natural world; the disorders of the globe we inhabit, and the dreadful scourges with which it

is visited; the deplorable and shocking circumstances of our birth;

the painful and dangerous travail of women; our natural uncleanliness,

helplessness, ignorance and nakedness, the gross darkness in which we naturally are, both with respect to God and a future state; the general

rebellion of the brute creation against us; the various poisons that lurk

in the animal, vegetable and mineral world, ready to destroy us; the

heavy curse of toil and sweat to which we are liable; the innumerable

calamities, of life and the pangs of death.

In an article on man, the Dictionary just quoted also says:

God, it is said, made man upright, (Eccl. 7: 29,) without any imperfection, corruption or principle of corruption in his body or soul; with

light in his understanding, holiness in his will, and purity in his affection. This constituted his original righteousness, which was universal,

both with r. spect to the subject of it, the whole man, and the object of

it, the whole law. Being thus in a state of holiness, he was necessarily

in a state of happiness. He was a very glorious creature, the favorite

of heaven, the Lord of the world, possessing perfect tranquility in his own breast, nnd immortal. Yet he was not without law: the law of

nature, which was impressed on his heart. God superadded a positive

law, not to eat of the forbidden fruit (Gen. 2: 17) under the penalty of

death, natural, spiritual, and eternal. Had he obeyed this law he might

have had reason to expect that he would not only have had the continuance of the natural and spiritual life, but have been transported to the

* Douay Catechism, p. 13.

f Buck's Theological Dictionary, p. 182.

888 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

upper paradise. Man's righteousness, however, though universal, was

not immutable, as the event has proved. How long he lived in a state

of innocence cannot easily be ascertained, yet most suppose it was but a short time. The positive law which God gave him he broke, by eating

the forbidden fruit. The consequence of this evil act was, that man

lost the chief good: his nature was corrupted, his powers depraved, his

body subject to corruption, his soul exposed to misery, his posterity all involved in ruin,subject to eternal condemnation,and forever incapable to restore themselves to the favor of God, to obey his commands perfectly, and to satisfy his justice.*

Another Protestant authority says.

The tree of knowledge of good and evil revealed to those who ate its fruit secrets of which they would better have remained ignorant; for

the purity of man's happiness consisted in doing and loving good, without even knowing evil.f

From these several passages, as also, indeed, from the whole tenor of Christian writings upon this subject, the fall of Adam is quite generally deplored, and upon him is laid a very heavy burden of responsibility. It was he, they complain, who

Brought death into the world, and all our woe.

One great division of Christendom, in its creed, it is true, in dealing with the fall, concedes that "God was pleased, according to his wise and holy counsel, to permit, [the fall] having purposed to order it to his own glory."!

And, in an authoritative explanation of the section, they say:

"This sin [the fall] was permissively embraced in the sovereign purpose of God."And still further in explanation: "Its purpose being God's general plan, and one eminently wise and righteous, to introduce all the new created subjects of moral government into a state of probation for a time, in which he makes their

permanent character and destiny depend upon their own action."

Still this sin, described as being permissively embraced in the sovereign purpose of the Deity, God designed "to order it to his own

* Buck's Theological Dictionary.

t Old Testament History, William Smith, L. L. D., chapter 2.

J Westminster Confession, chapter 6, section 1.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 889

glory;"but it nowhere appears, according to this confession of

faith, that the results of the fall are to be of any benefit to man.

The only thing consulted in the theory of this creed seems to be the manifestation of the glory of God—a thing which represents

God as a most selfish being—but just how the glory of God can

be manifested by the fall which, according to this creed, results in the eternal damnation of the overwhelming majority of his creatures, is not apparent.

Those who made this Westminster Confession, as also the large following which accept it, concede that their theory involves them at least in two difficulties which they confess it is impossible for them to meet.

First, "How could sinful desires or volitions originate in the soul of moral agents created holy like Adam and Eve;"and,

second, "how can sin be permissively embraced in the eternal purpose of God, and not involve him as responsible for the sin?""If

it be asked,"say they, "why God, who abhors sin, and who benevolently desires the excellence and happiness of his creatures, should sovereignly determine to permit such a fountain of pollution, degradation and misery to be opened, we can only say, with profound reverence, 'Even so, Father, for so it seemed good in thy sight.* These difficulties, however, are the creed's and those who accept it, not ours, and do not further concern our discussion at this point.

I do not use it Infidels—under which general term (and

offensively) I mean all those who do not accept the Christian creeds,

I say, quite gennor believe the Bible to be a revelation—infidels,

erally deride the fall of man as represented both in the creeds of

Christendom and in the Bible. They regard the tremendous consequence attendant upon eating the forbidden fruit as altogether

out of proportion with the act itself, and universally hold that a moral economy which would either design or permit such a calamity, as the fall is generally supposed to be, as altogether unworthy of an allmerciful and just Deity. Thomas Paine referring to it says:

* Commentary on the Confession of Faith, A. D. Hodge, pp.

105108. 890 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Putting aside everything that might excite laughter by its absurdity, or detestation by its profaneness, and confining ourselves merely to an examination of the parts, it is impossible to conceive a story more derogatory to the Almighty, more inconsistent with his wisdom, more contradictory to his power than this story is.

In their contentions against the story of Genesis, no less than in their war upon the fall and original sin in the men made creeds of Christendom, infidels have denounced God in most blasphemous terms, as the author of all the evil in this world, by permitting, through not preventing, the fall; and they have as soundly ridiculed and abused Adam for the part he took in the affair. He has

been held up by them as weak and cowardly, because he referred his partaking of the forbidden fruit to the fact that the woman gave to him and he did eat; a circumstance into which they read

an effort, on the part of man, to escape censure, perhaps punishment, and to cast the blame for his transgression upon the woman.

The scoffers proclaim their preference for the variations of this story of a fall of man, as found in the mythologies of various peoples, say those of Greece or India.* But all this aside. The truth

is that nothing could be more courageous, sympathetic or nobly honorable, than the course of this world's great patriarch, in his relations to his wife Eve and the fall. The woman by deception was led into

transgression, and stands under the penalty of a broken law. Banishment from the presence of God; banishment from the presence of

her husband—death, await her. Thereupon, the man, not deceived,

but knowingly, (as we are as.-ured by Paul) also transgresses.

Why? In one aspect of the case, in order that he might share the

woman's banishment from the comfortable presence of God, and which no higher proof of love could be givenwith her die—than

act of chivalry performed. But, primarily, he trans-—no nobler

gressed that "man might be."He transgressed a less important

law that he might comply with one more important, if one may so speak of any of God's laws. The facts are, as we shall presently

* See IngersoWs Lectures, "Liberty of Man, Woman and Child,'* where the great orator contrasts the story of the Fall given in the Bible with that of Brahma, in the Hindoo mythology, and extravagantly praises the latter to the disparagement of the former.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 891

see, that the conditions which confronted Adam, in his earthlife, were aforetime known to him; that of his own volition he accepted

them, and came to earth to meet them; but before we can enter

upon a more thorough consideration of these things, one or two other important facts must be brought into view.

First of these is the other great and original truth in this

Book of Mormon utterance, viz:

Men are that they might have joy.

That is to say, the purpose of man's earthlife is in some way to be made to contribute to his joy, which is but another way of sayingthat a man's earthlife is to eventuate in his advantage.

"Men are that that they might have joy!"What is meant by

that? Have we here the reappearance of the old Epicurean doctrine, "pleasure is the supreme good, and chief end of life"? No,

verily! For mark, in the first place, the different words "joy"and

"pleasure."They are not synonymous. The first does not necessarily arise from the second. Joy may arise from quite other sources

than pleasure, even from pain, when the endurance of pain is to eventuate in the achievement of some good; such as the travail of

a mother in bringing forth her offspring; the weariness and pain

and danger of toil, by a father to secure comforts for loved ones.

Moreover, whatever apologists may say, it is very clear that the pleasure of the Epicurean philosophy, hailed as "the supreme good and chief end in life,"was to arise from agreeable sensations, or whatever gratified the senses, and hence was, in the last analysis its practice, its roots and branches—in its theory and inof it—in

sensualism. It was to result in physical ease and comfort and mental

inactivity, other than a conscious, self complacence—being regarded

as "the supreme good and chief end of life,"I judge this to be the net result of this philosophy, since these are the very conditions in which Epicureans describe even the gods to exist;* and surely men

* In Cicero's description of the Epicurean conception of the gods, he says: "That which is truly happy cannot be burdened with any labor

itself, nor can it impose any labor on another, nor can it be influenced by resentment or favor, because things which are liable to such failings must be weak and frail. * * * Their life, [i. e. of the

892 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

could not hope for more pleasure, or greater happiness than that possessed by their gods. Cicero even charges that the sensualism

of Epicurus was so gross that he represents him as blaming his brother, Timocrates, "because he would not allow that everything which had any reference to a happy life, was to be measured by the belly; nor has he,"continues Cicero, "said this once only, but often."

This is not the joy, it is needless to say, contemplated in the

Book of Mormon. Nor is the joy there contemplated the joy of

will of it, ismere innocence—mere innocence, which, say what you

but a negative sort of virtue. A virtue that is colorless, never

quite sure of itself, always more or less uncertain, because untried.*

virtueSuch a virtue—if mere absence of vice may be called

would be unproductive of that joy, the attainment of which is set forth in the Book of Mormon as the purpose of man's existence;

for in the context it is written, ''They [Adam and Eve] would have remained in a state of innocence, having no joy, for they knew no misery; doing no good, for they knew no sin."From which it appears that the joy contemplated in our Book of Mormon passage

is to arise from something more than mere innocence, which is, impliedly, unproductive of the joy contemplated. The joy contemplated in the Book of Mormon passage is to arise out of man's rough

and thorough knowledge of evil, and of sin; through knowing misery }

sorrow, pain and suffering; through seeing good and evil locked in

awful conflict; through a consciousness of having chosen, in that conflict, the better part, the good; and not only in having chosen it, but in

having wedded it by eternal compact; having made it his, by right of

conquest over evil. It is a joy that will arise from a consciousness of

having "fought the good fight,"of having "kept the faith."It

will arise from a consciousness of moral, spiritual and physical

gods] is most happy, and the most abounding with all kinds of blessings which can be conceived. They do nothing. They are embarrassed

with no business; nor do they perform any work. They rejoice in the

possession of their own wisdom and virtue. They are satisfied that

they shall ever enjoy the fulness of eternal pleasure. * * *

Nothing can be happy that is not at ease.—Tusculan Disputations, The

Nature of the Gods.

* II Nephi 2: 23.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 893

strength; of strength gained in conflict. The strength that comes

from experience; from having sounded the depths of the soul; from

experiencing all the emotions of which mind is susceptible; from

testing all the qualities and strength of the intellect. A joy that

will come to man from a contemplation of the universe, and a conjoint heir with Jesussciousness that he is an heir to all that is—a

Christ and God; from knowing that he is an essential part of all

that is. It is a joy that will be born of the consciousness of existof and realence itself—that will revel in existence—in thoughts

izations of existence's limitless possibilities. A joy born of the

consciousness of the power of eternal increase. A joy arising from

association with the intelligences of innumerable heavens—the

Gods of all eternities. A joy born of a consciousness of being, of

intelligence, of faith, knowledge, light, truth, mercy, justice, love, glory, dominion, wisdom, power; all feelings, affections, emotions*

passions; all heights and all depths. "Men are that they might

have joy,"and that joy is based upon, and contemplates, all that is here set down.

Still another fact must be brought into view, before we can fall of man and the purpose fortreat these two great truths—the

his relation to each other. This fact is the immorexistence—in

tality of the spirit of man, by which I mean not only a never ending existence for the soul of man in the future, through the resurrection, but a proper immortality that means the eternal existspirit, soul, intellience of the ego—interchangably called mind,

I mean existence before birth, as well as existence after death;gence—

the theory that immortality refers to existence after death only, is evidently but half a truth. A real immortality is forever immortal,

and is existence before life on earth, as surely as an existence after death. This view of the intelligence, or spirit of man, is

agreeable to Bible teaching also. Without going into the subject

at length, I call attention to the fact that Jesus himself had very clear conceptions of his own spirit existence before his birth into this world; a fact which is evident from the declaration he made

to the Jews when he said, "Verily, I say unto you, before Abraham was, I am."f [i. e. existed]. And again, in his prayer in Geth-

t John 8: 58.

894 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

semane, "0 Father, glorify thou me with thine own self, with the glory which I had with thee before the world was."* This spirit

preexistence extends also to all the children of men, who, in their physical structure, and even in faculties of mind, so nearly resembled Jesus Christ, though, of course, immeasurably below him in the developed excellence of those qualities. We read of the sons

of God shouting for joy in heaven, wh<m the foundations of the earth were laid;f of the war in heaven when Michael and his

angels fought against the dragon (Satan), and the dragon and his angels fought, and he with them was cast out into the earth.$

These were the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, and who are reserved in everlasting chains unto the judgment of the last days. "Before I formed tbee in

the belly, I knew thee,"said the Lord to Jeremiah, "and sanctified thee, and ordained thee a prophet unto the nations;"|| "We have

had fathers of the flesh, and we give them reverence,"said Paul to the Hebrews, "shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits and live?"** All of which passages tend to

prove that not only Jesus but the spirits of all men existed before they tabernacled in the flesh. This, of course, is but a brief glance

at the question, as supported by the Jewish scriptures.ff

The Book of Mormon, while not in any formal manner teaching this doctrine of the preexistence of the spirit of man, does so very effectually in an incidental way. For example: the Lord

Jesus, long ages before his advent into earthlife, revealed himself to the Book of Mormon character known as the Brother of Jared, and in doing so he said:

Behold, I am he who was prepared from the foundation of the

* John 17. t Job 38: 4-7.

J Revelation 12.

Jude 6. || Jeremiah 1; 5.

** Heb. 12.

ft Those who wish to extend their investigation on the subject are referred to the author's work on The Gospel, especially the section of

Man's Relationship to Deity, found in both the second and third editions.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 895

world to redeem my people; * * * * and

never have I shown myself unto man whom I have created, for never has man believed in me as thou hast. Seest thou that ye are created

after mine own image? Yea, even all men were created in the beginning

after mine own image. Behold this body which ye now behold, is the

body of my spirit; and man have I created after the body of my spirit;

and even -*s I appear unto thee to be in the spirit, will I appear unto my people in the flesh.*

Again, in a vision, given to the first Nephi, in which he was permitted to see many events, to him future, connected with the affairs of this world, he reached a point at which he was for.

bidden to write concerning some portion of those events, for it had been reserved for another to write of them, even one who would be an apostle of Jesus Christ in the earth. And Nephi heard, and

bears record, that the name of that apostle was "John."So that

it appears that the spirit of John, as well as that of Jeremiah and

Jesus and others, was known to the Lord, and his earth mission appointed unto him.

The Nephites were also plainly taught the indestructibility of the soul. The prophet Alma expressly declaring, "that the soul

could never die;"t which, according to Orson Pratt, in a foot note

on the passage, means that the soul could "never be dissolved, or its parts be separated, so as to disorganize the spiritual personage;"and since the Book of Mormon teaches the preexistence of

this soul, or spirit, and also teaches its continued existence between death and the resurrection,t as also its indestructibility after the resurrection, it is very clear that the Book of Mormon teaches what I have called "proper immortality of the soul;"or, in

other words, declares its essential, its eternal, existence; hence,

its necessary existence, hence, that it is a selfexisting entity.

With this doctrine kept clearly in view, we may now consider the "fall of man"and the "purpose of his existence"as related standing somewhat in the relationship of means to ansubjects—as

* Ether R t Alma 42: 9.

J Alma 40.

Alma 42: 9.

.

896 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

end. We shall now be able to regard the fall of man, not as an

accident, not as surprising, and all but thwarting, God's purposes, but as part of the divinely appointed program of man's earth existence.

Here, then, stands the truth, so far as it may be gathered from God's word and the nature of things: There is in man an

eternal, uncreated, selfexisting entity, call it intelligence, mind,

spirit, will, so long as you recognize it, and regard soul—what you

its nature as eternal. There came a time when, in the progress

of things, (which is only another way of saying in the "nature of things") an earth career, or earth existence, because of the things it has to teach, was necessary to the enlargement, to the advancement of these intelligences. Hence, an earth is prepared; and

one sufficiently advanced and able, by the nature of him, to bring to pass the purposes of God, is chosen, through whom this earthexistence, with all its train of events—its mingled miseries

and comforts, its sorrows and joys, its pains and pleasures, its good, and its evil—may be brought to pass. He comes to earth

with his appointed spouse. He comes, primarily, to bring to pass

man's earthlife. He comes to the earth with the solemn injunction upon him: "Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth,

and subdue it."But he comes with the knowledge that this earthexistence of eternal "intelligences"is to be lived under circumstances that will contribute to their enlargement, to their advancement. They are to experience joy and sorrow, pain and pleasure;

witness the effect of good and evil, and exercise their agency in the choice of good or of evil. To accomplish this end, the local,

or earth, harmony of things must be broken. Evil to be seen, and

experienced, must enter the world, which can only come to pass through the violation of law. The law is given—''of the tree of

the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the

day thou eatest of it, thou shalt surely die."The woman, forgetful of the purpose of the earthmission of herself and spouse, is

led, by flattery and deceit, into a violation of that law, and becomes subject to its penalty—merely another name for its effect.

But the man, not deceived, but discerning clearly the path of duty, and in order that earthexistence may be provided for the great host of spirits to come to earth, under the conditions prescribed a

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 897

he also transgresses the law, not only that men might be, but that they might have that being under the very circumstances deemed essential to the enlargement, to the progress, of eternal intelligences. Adam did not sin because deceived by another. He did

not sin maliciously, or with evil intent; or to gratify an inclination

to rebellion against God, or to thwart the Divine purposes, or to manifest his own pride. Had his act of sin involved the taking

of life rather than eating a forbidden fruit, it would be regarded as a sacrifice rather than a murder. This to show the nature of

Adam's transgression. It was a trangression of the law—"for sin

is the transgression of the law"*—that conditions deemed necessary to the progress of eternal intelligences might obtain. Adam

sinned that men might be, and not only be, but have that being under conditions essential to progress. But Adam did sin. He did

break the law; and violation of law involves the violator in its

penalties, as surelv as effect follows cause. Upon this principle

depends the dignity and majesty of law. Take this fact away from

moral government, and your moral laws become mere nullities.

Therefore, notwithstanding Adam fell that men might be, and in his transgression there was at bottom a really exalted motive—

motive that contemplated nothing less than bringing to pass the highly necessary purposes of God with respect to man's existence in the his transgression of law was followed by certain earth—yet

moral effects, in the nature of man, and in the world. The harmony of things was broken; discord ruled; changed relations between God and men took place; darkness, sin, and death, stalked

through the world, and conditions were brought to pass in the midst of which the eternal intelligences might gain those experiences that such conditions had to teach.

Now, as to the second part of the great truth—"men are that

also in the light of the intelligencethey might have joy"—viewed

or spirit in man being an eternal, uncreated, selfexisting entity.

Remembering what I have already said, in these pages, as to the nature of this joy which it is the purpose of earthexistence to secure, remembering from what it is to arise—from the highest pos-

* I John 3: 4.

898 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

conceivable enlargement of physisible development—the highest

other conceivcal, intellectual, moral and spiritual power—what

able purpose for existence in earthlife could there be for eternal intelligences than this attainment of joy springing from progress?

Man's existence for the manifestation alone of God's glory, as taught by the creeds of men, is not equal to it. That view represents man as but a thing created, and God as selfish and vain of

glory. True, the Book of Mormon idea of the purpose of man's

existence, is accompanied by a manifestation of God's glory; for

with the progress of intelligences there must be an ever widening manifestation of the glory of God. It is written that "the glory

of God is intelligence;"and it must follow, as clearly as the day

follows night, that with the enlargement, with the progress, of intelligences, there must ever be a constantly increasing splendor in the manifestation of the glory of God. But in the Book of Mormon doctrine, the manifestation of that glory is incidental. The

primary purpose is not in that manifestation, but the joy arising from the progress of intelligences. And yet, that fact adds to the

glory of God, since it represents the Lord as seeking the enlargement and joy of kindred intelligences, to himself, rather than the mere selfish manifestation of his own, personal, glory. "This is my

work and my glory,"says the Lord, in another "Mormon"scripture, "to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man;"* and

therein is God's joy. A joy that grows from the progress of others;

from bringing to pass the immortality and eternal life of man. Not

the immortality of the spirit of man, mark you, for that immortality is already existent; but to bring to pass the immortality of the

BDirit and body, in their united condition, and which together constitutes man.f And the purpose for which man is, is that he might

* Pearl of Great Price, 1: 39.

t Or the soul; for, in the revelations of God in this last dispensation,

the spirit and the body are called the soul. "Through the redemption

which is made for you is brought to pass the resurrection from the dead.

And the spirit and the body is the soul of man. And the resurrection

from the dead is the redemption of the soul."Doctrine and Covenants

Sec. 88: 1416.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 899

have joy: that joy which, in the last analysis of things, should be

even as God's joy, and God's glory, namely, the bringing to pass the progress, enlargement and joy of others.

It is gratifying to know that this Book of Mormon definition of life and its purpose, so far as it affects the human race, is receiving unconscious support from some of the first philosophers of modern days, among whom I may mention Lester F. Ward, the author of Outlines of Sociology, and other scientific and philosophical

works; a lecturer in the School of Sociology of the Hartford Society for Education Extension. His Outlines of Sociology was published in 1904; and, in the chapter of this work in which he discusses the relation of sociology to psychology, (chapter v) he

deals with the question of life and its object. For the purpose of

clearly setting forth his thought, he says:

The biological [i. e. that which pertains to merely the life] must be

clearlv marked off from the psychological [i. e., as here used, that which

pertains to feeling] standpoint. The former is that of function, the

latter that of feeling. It is convenient, and almost necessary, in order

to gain a correct conception of these relations, to personify Nature, as it were, and bring her into strong contrast with the sentient [one capable of sensation or preception] creature. Thus viewed, each may be conceived to have its own special end. The end of Nature is function, i. e.

life. It is biological. The end of th3 creature is feeling, i. e. it is psychic.

From the standpoint of Nature, feeling is a means to function. From

the standpoint of the organism, function is a means to feeling. Pleasure

and pain came into existence in order that a certain class of beings might live, but those beings, having been given existence, now live in order to enjoy.

Throughout the chapter, he maintains that the purpose of man's existence is for pleasure, but, of course, holds that this pleasure is that of the highest order, and not merely sensual pleasure. Finally, applying the principles he lays down to the human

existence, the purpose of that existence, and the meansrace—its

through which the end is to be obtained, he adopts the following formula The object of nature is function [i. e., life].

The object of man is happiness,

The object of society is effort.

900 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Now, with very slight modifications, this formula maybe made to express the doctrine of Lehi, in the Book of Mormon, as representing the divine economy respecting man:

Earthlife became essential to intelligences—Adam fell that

this earthlife might be realized.

The purpose of man's earthlife is that he might have joy.

The purpose of the Gospel is to bring to pass that joy.

In condensed form, it may be made to stand as follows:

The object of God in creation is existence.

The object of man's existence is joy.

The object of the Gospel is effort.

A formula which so closely resembles the philosopher's that it justifies me in making the claim that the trend of the best modern thought, on these lines, is coming into harmony with the truths stated in the Book of Mormon. This,*******then, is the order of things:

There is an eternal law of opposites in existence, light—darkness; joy—sorrow; good—evil; and so following.

Evil is an eternal existence—uncreate, and may not be referred to God for its origin.

Evil is introduced into this world through the transgression of Adam, and man falls under the censure of eternal and inexorable justice.

Through the atonement of Christ, however, man is freed from the effects of Adam's transgression. The resurrection redeems him from the temporal death—the separation of the spirit

and body, and he is brought back into the presence of God. There

remains now only man's accountability for his own, individual transgressions.

By the atonement of Christ mercy has been brought into the world's moral economy, and, as well as justice, operates upon man.

God's righteous law has been given to man. Man is a free

moral agent and may choose to obey the law, or may choose to follow after wickedness. If he choose the latter, he falls under

the justice of the law.

Through the atonement, the privilege of repentance is

ORIGINALII Y OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 901

granted, and mercy claims the truly penitent, rescuing him from the otherwise inexorable claims of the law, and sets him in the way of salvation.

Such, in brief, is the outline of the gospel of Christ in the

Book of Mormon, so far as it affects the existence of good and evil, man's agency, and the effects of the redemption upon him.

In concluding the two chapters dealing with the originality of the Book of Mormon, I submit the following questions to the candid reader: Was the unaided, native intelligence of Joseph

Smith, or the intelligence or learning of any of those associated with him in translating the Book of Mormon, equal to the task of formulating the principles of moral philosophy and theology that are found in that book and here discussed? Was the intelligence

and learning of Solomon Spaudling, or any other person to whom the origin of the book is ascribed, equal to such a task? There can

be but one answer to that question, and the nature of it is obvious.

The subjects considered, in these two chapters, touch the most difficult problems for the human understanding. They are

problems which are not only confessedly unsolved, but unsolvable, by the philosophies of men. Yet the Book of Mormon, in its account of peopling America; in the nativity it ascribes to the people; in its manner of accounting for Christian ideas among them;

in the matter of new Christian truths it sets forth, and others fall, the purpose ofwhich it emphasizes—the reason for Adam's

man's existence, its definition of truth, its utterances upon the great fact of opposite existences,its doctrines of man's free agency all these difficult subjects, the Book ofand the atonement—on

Mormon throws great light, making clear much that, but for its utterances, would remain obscure.

Beyond controversy, neither the native intelligence nor the learning of Joseph Smith, can possibly be regarded as equal to such a performance as bringing forth the knowledge which the Book of

Mormon imparts upon these profound subjects; nor can the intelligence or learning of those who assisted him in translating the

book be regarded as sufficient for such a task. Nor was the intelligence and learning of any one to whom the origin of the book

has ever been ascribed, equal to such an achievement. Indeed, the

Book of Mormon sounds depths, on these subjects, not only be902 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

yond the intelligence and learning of this small group of men referred to, but beyond the intelligence and learning of the age itself, in which it came forth. Therefore, it is useless to ascribe

the knowledge it imparts, on these subjects, to human intelligence or learning at all.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

HARVESTER, LOOK O'ER THE HARVEST.

A MISSIONARY HYMN-

(For the Improvement Era.)

Harvester, look o'er the harvest

Where the seed of life was sown!

Mid the tares there now is ripened

Golden grain that faith has grown,

Ere the tempest darkly lowers,

Warring elements at strife, Harvester, look o'er the harvest,

Save the sheaves—each precious life!

Go ye out into the nations, Mid the fully ripened fields, Where the Holy Spirit guideth,

Gather what the harvest yields.

Hasten, ere the precious moments

Shall have flown too fast away;

Harvester, look o'er the harvest,

Hasten in the sheaves today!

Gather them within the garner God has made to save his own;

Ere his wrath and judgments falling

Overthrows each trembling throne;

There are fields ripe for the reaper,

There are fallow fields to glean,

Harvester, look o'er the harvest,

Lest thou leave a sheaf unseen.

J. L. Townsend.Payson, Utah.

DON'T GROWL!—DON'T WHINE

BY DR. JAMES X. ALLEN.

Hot! Of course it's hot. Why shouldn't it be hot? You

want twenty degrees colder? Oh, that would never do. How

about the wheat? It will not ripen without sunshine. We can't

get along, or at least we don't want to get along, without bread.

How about the fruit? It needs the sun to ripen it. How about

the hay? We must have hay for the cattle. Let it be hot. It is

all right. Thank God for the sunshine!

What a bad fix we should be in without fruit and vegetables!

At least that is what the pioneers thought about it, fiftyeight years ago. But one good thing about that noble band of God's

triedand- notfound-wanting people was: they got along with the

least possible amount of grumbling.

The first man that I met in the street today, said: "My, but

isn't it hot!""Yes;"I told him, "thank God, it is hot."And I

named some of the blessings resultant of hot weather.

"But,"he said, "we may not live until winter, so as to reap the promised blessings."

"Now, there is where you make a mistake: I am wearing

lighter clothing than I do in winter. I am burning less coal. My

electric light bill is lighter than in winter; and I find quite a saving in many ways. The hot weather is all right."

Brother Peter, the other day, told me a story about a poor, aged lady in Norway, who was too old to work, and had to beg her bread. She never had anything laid away for a rainy day.

She would turn out in the worst kind of weather, and beg from I

904 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

house to house. The people whom she would call upon would frequently say: "Why, Nancy, it is too bad that you have to be out

in such weather as this."Nancy's reply would be: "It might be

a great deal worse, you know. I am alive, while God is calling

people home every day. He gives me life, and I get all I need."

I remember a story about a poor man with a large family—

call him Thompson. Thompson was never known forget his name,—

to murmur. When the weather was cold, someone would say to

him: "Thompson, this is awfully cold weather, isn't it?; 'expecting

Thompson to growl. "Not so,"Thompson would reply: "This is

the kind of weather that one enjoys, sitting around the stove at nights, having a good time with the little shavers."At another

time Thompson is found ditching, or working in the harvest field:

"Hello, Thompson, how do you stand this hard work, this hot weather?""Yes, it is kind of warm, isn't it? But, you see, the

children don't wear so much clothing when it is warm; and they

don't have to wear shoes all the time, and then, we don't have to burn so much coal, and, taking it altogether, it is not so bad, after all."Not a whine! God bless Thompson.

But there came a time when the neighbors felt sure that

Thompson's courage would give way. He had an accident, and

broke one of his legs. Everyone in the neighborhood fully expected that Thompson must surely do a little grumbling. They

gathered into the house. They sighed, looked sad, and pitied the

poor man: "Thompson, this is really too bad. You can't afford a

big doctor bill, and to be laid up for a length of time. It really is

too bad.""Oh, I don't know,"was Thompson's reply, "You see, I

have been working hard for a long time, and I needed a rest, and if it hadn't been for this happening, there is no telling when I should have got a layoff."God bless Thompson! God bless all

Thompsons!

It is so very restful to fall in with a man of grateful heart one who always displays a trust in God; and thankfulness for the

blessings which he bestows upon us.

We may have six good things to rejoice over and one inconvenience. Shall we spend all of our time bewailing that one inconvenience, or shall we devote a part of the time in contemplaDON'T GROWL!—DON'T WHINE! 905

tion of, and rejoicing over, the six good things with which it has pleased the Almighty to bless us?

There is one old lady in Ogden whom it does me good to meet.

"Well sister, how are you today?""Oh, midlin', I'm 84, and I've

had many blessings in the House of God; and I've got my second

sight. I can see to read without glasses. I do my own work, and

I'm well!"And the old lady smiles and looks so cheerful that it

makes one feel some years younger, after a conversation with her.

How much better it is to be like this good sister than it is to have to Jisten to a catalogue of aches, pains and troubles that make one feel ten years older, after listening to a fiveminute, tiresome complaint. You want to cross the street whenever you see

a chronic whiner. If you can't avoid the meeting of such a one,

how natural it is to bethink you of an engagement, and beg to be excused. Let us try to be cheerful and not make our friends tiredOgden, Utah.

THE VIOLET'S MISSION-

(For the Improvement Era.)

Down in an old time garden, with flow'rs of richest hue,

Unnoticed by its neighbors, a tiny blossom grew.

One day, on the breeze, was wafted a fragrance, fresh and sweet;

The flow'rs there looked about them, and saw it at there feet.

Just a modest violet, that seemed to them so plain,

They paid it no attention nor thought of it again.

A maid came to the garden, with her, one rich in gold,

Who bargained for the blossoms, to him they all were sold,

All except the violet, the maiden held it dear:

She sent it as a messenger a suff'ring heart to cheer.

The violet's proud neighbors, adorned a palace hall;

But the tiny flow'r's mission was greatest of them all.

Grace Ingles Frost.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

A MOTHER'S LETTERS TO HER MISSIONARY

SON.

EDITED BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

'VIII—THE CRUCIAL FIRST YEAR.

is many weary months since I wrote My Dear Son Daniel:—It

you last. You have heard about my severe illness from your

father and the girls. Today is the first time in nearly two years

that I have tried to hold a pen in my hand; but I have a longing,

which cannot be stilled, to say some things to you. For you are

about to return home from your mission, and there are great trials awaiting you.

You smile incredulously, I fancy, as you read that last sentence. Trials in coming home to mother, father and friends! When

there is no sickness, death, nor financial difficulties to meet! And

trials await you. So great, that I trembleyet—I repeat—great

for your fu'ure.

Your letters have heen very enthusiastic, and you have entered thoroughly into the spirit of your mission. You say in your

very last letter that the past two years have been the happiest and most profitable of your whole life. I rejoice with exceeding

joy for all this, and no words can express the pride and happiness which fills your dear father's heart at every letter you write, and with every thought of your homecoming. But I am a mother,

with a mother's hopes and a mother's fears, and I, perhaps, see life's dangers plainer than a man would, plainer, perhaps, than I need see them.

And now, what is it I fear? and what is to be your trials? Do

A MOTHER'S LETTERS TO HER MISSIONARY SON. 907

you remember, in the Civil War, the story of McClellan's long winter inactivity near Washington? Why, forty years of fighting,

of struggle, and of bloodshed would not have taxed soldiers nor the country at large, as did that long winter waiting. To see

an army idle, its banners rotting in the sun, its armor gathering rust, its soldiers sickening with hope long deferred, while the corruption of idleness steals like a plague over every living thing, is a sight never to be forgotten.

If you had spent time and energy in a gymnasium, and had prepared yourself to meet an antagonist, you would go out, full of vigor and zeal, ready to cope with your foe. But, if instead of

finding him armed cap-a-pie and squared ready for your attack, you find a fine and dashing fellow who at once takes you by the hand and calls you his best friend; what then are you to do? You

can't fight unless you have someone to fight. Your gay fellow

will have no disposition to fight, and when the very man, perhaps, who taught you to spar in the gymnasium turns around and laughs at you for a fool, if you try to put his own teaching into practice you will feel as if either yourself or the world were out of

joint.

But this is about the situation you will find yourself in on your return home. While you were in the world, your physical,

and even your mental, being was set aside, forgotten as it were, in the temporary exaltation of your spiritual self. Every physical

and mental desire and impulse was made secondary to the spiritual labors. In order to succeed in your spiritual calling, you were

advised to lay aside all other thoughts and works, except such as were absolutely necessary to life. This was right and profitableWe all greatly desired you would do this. And you did so. Most

of our missionaries do the same, I am proud to say. But there

comes a day when the mission ceases, and the missionary's heart and feet fly homeward to family and friends. Then comes the

crucial year after the return home. Not all the trials you have

met while away, no matter how severe they may have been; not all

the sacrifices and struggles you have endured, will compare in real difficulties and dangers with this trial year of your return. Let us

dissect the subject, so that we may know why it is, what it is, and its remedy, if there be one.

908 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Do you recall the last prayer made by the Savior for his disciples, before he left them? Read all of chapter 17 of St. John,

and mark well these sentences: "I pray not for the world, but for

them which thou hast given me.""While I was with them [his

disciples] in the world, I kept them in thy name.""And now

come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they

might have my joy fulfilled in themselves. I have givn them

thy word; and the world hath hated them, because thev are not of

the world, even as I am not of the world."Particularly note

this sentence: "I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the

world, but that thou shouldst keep them from the evil."And do

you recall how they all went back to their former occupations after the Savior left them? And even Peter, the leader of them all,

denied any association with his Master. The Lord left them to

themselves for a season. While he was with them they needed no

other light. They walked not by faith, but by sight. He was

only with them three years, you know. Just about a mission season. Then came their testing time. He had taught them, by voice

and by deed. Great and mighty miracles had been wrought by his

own, and even their, hands. Their hearts had been converted and

their eyes convinced. Bat would they remember? Would not the

world's jolly, good fellows, the pleasures, the vanities, and worst of all, the seeming inactivity of the whole army of the Lord, rust their armor, palsy their hands, and enfeeble their will? Ah, that

was a crucial time! Peter went back to his fish net, Matthew to

his money changing, and the women—aye, even the women, crept

back to their homes, sick with discouragement and disappointment.

I see you coming home, so fall of zeal and faith; so anxious

to "work in the ministry,"the rest of your life; I hear your bubbling testimony the first Sunday night after your return, bristling

with scripture, and full of faith and repentance. I see you shaking hands with a missionary's grip, and can feel the vibrant joy

in your voice at greeting every old friend. Even the plain, familiar meeting house is surrounded with a refulgence, in your

hungry homecoming eyes, as you secretly burn to raise your voice in that pulpit in defense of Christ crucified. I feel all your

fiery zeal to get into the hearts of your young associates, and to

A MOTHER'S LETTERS TO HER MISSIONARY SON. 909

awaken them to a burning sense of their past indifference and future necessities. Even the children, on the streets, will share

in this glowing enthusiasm of yours, and you will want to stop and chide the rude boy who swears, as his marble flies into the ditch.

And the bishop—ah, the bishop! Dear old gentleman, blessed old

father to 1 he people that he is; how you will wring his hand in

reverent love, and wonder how you ever could have spoken of him as "old cockeye."I follow you in all this, with my heart in my

mouth, and my fingers constantly at your spiritual pulse.

For I see, all too plainly, how bare and plain, all these home people and surroundings will be to you after the* first glow of enthusiasm has faded, and life resumes its oldtime practicality.

People will not be as glad to see you as you are to see them; you

have been away two years, while they see returned missionaries every few days. Your first speech in the ward will sound flat and

dull, even to your own ears, for you will be very selfconscious, and very much alive to the keenness of the critical home audience.

This will vex you, in spite of the fact that you know you ought not to care about yourself or the impression you make upon people, but ought to be thinking only of saying something to do good, to help some one, or you ought merely to bear a simple, earnest testimony. The fact is, you will care very much. You will be most anxious

that your father and the girls, all your young friends, and especially Mattie, shall see what a speaker you have become. You will

recall those breathless audiences you had out in the world, their tears, and their smiles, as your eloquence led them on: and here

at home, the only possible thing you can think of, when you get on your feet, is a halting recital of your travels, and a few scraps of your faith and repentance sermons which formed the backbone of your preaching in England. Ah, laddie, I could smile if I were

people!not weeping. Your young friends—ah, those dear young

they laugh at your zeal. And even Roy, the very best mis-—how

in thesionary the ward ever turned out—he who was near you

will turn tofield, in your first three months and his last—even Roy

you with a gay laugh, when you begin to exhort him, as he says, with a twinkle in his eyes:

"Why, Dan, old boy, you've got 'em bad, haven't you? Hold

on, though, go easy. Be careful who you bump up against. You'll

910 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

get your faith shaken loose with the jars you will get. Let off

steam on me, if you must, or fill up your old mother; she'll stand

you off. Mothers always do, and think their goodfor-nothing

boys are heroes, you know. But be careful of the boys, Dannie

boy. Don't preach at them, you know, or they may fire back

at you. Go easy, go easy. I was just the same after I came

home. But you'll soon get over it. We all do. So long!"

And he will leave you in a dazed and humiliated condition.

Then, too, if you say anything to the boys on the street about their swearing, they will swear at you, and adjure you to "cut it out,"or they will all severally turn on you and rend you, if they can. While even the bishop, good and noble as he is, will not feel

half your joy, as you grip his pcor, rheumatic fingers, and he may fail to respond in detail when you assure him that now you are home you want to keep the harness on.

Things have an unpleasant way of going in the opposite direction to our ardent desires. And you are not apt to find an exception to this rule. You will find, when you come home, every

place of labor and responsibility in the ward filled full to overflowing.

All the places in the Mutual, the quorums every one of them, the home missionary list, and even the Sunday School, with its everhungry maw for teachers and first assistants, all are full and complete to a man. Even the teachers'quorum, that usual needy and

sparsely filled battle field for spiritual strength, has but recently been put into excellent running order, and there isn't the tiniest place that I can see in all the ward for you to fill. Except

your own place—but of that later. They do say that if the bishop

had taken a little more notice of Roy, when he first came home, and had put him on the home mission, things might have gone different with the young man. But I knew better. Roy lacked

one essential to manhood, of character. It is always—strength

true that some weak characters, if constantly shielded, and protected from the rough blasts of temptation, may] live out a whole life of innocence and peace. But I often wonder if such souls

will not fall even in heaven when such temptations as Lucifer's rebellion in the morning of creation are offered.

The soul of man is absolutely alone in its life, its experiences, and its death. People and places make no differences. We live

A MOTHER'S LETTERS TO HER MISSIONARY SON. 911

alone, we die alone. Such companionship as we have is quite

independent of speech or propinquity. And therefore alone, sometime, somewhere, we will fight out the battle for ourselves. And

almost surely, that battle is fought out by the young man who goes out upon a mission, its crowning engagement being the first year after his return home.

Why is this? The chief reason is that, like Christ's disciples, you

have basked as it were in the direct rays of the sun of righteousness while on your mission. Physical or temporal concerns have

ben entirely set aside for the spiritual things of the kingdom.

Then, on your return home, you are once more face to face with the triple interests of life. Instead of your long, easy morning

devotions, followed by a Bible study meeting, and then the day devoted to teaching, cottage meetings, gospel conversations and outdoor preaching, you will wake up in the morning full at once with the knowledge of a heavy day's labor; you will say a short prayer,

eat a hurried breakfast,and find to your dismay that your good father is, at times, too hurried or worried to attend to family prayers in the morning. But you are hurried and worried, too, for your

father's business, into which he will take you on your return, is growing rapidly, and you will be so anxious to help him on in his success, with your new ideas and modern methods, that you can hardly eat or sleep. Of course, if I sit down and ask you calmly

why all this hurry and worry, you would tell me, after a moment's puzzled thought, that it was all to get father and me a better home, to give the girls higher education, and to make enough to give your own self a start in life. And I can see all this coming.

Life is triple. There are mental, physical and spiritual faculties to develop and grow within us. Our bodies are concerned

with the physical, our minds with the mental, and our souls with the spiritual. The appetites for physical gratification are so strong

within us that they are likely to crowd out all the spiritual and even the mental. This is, and always has been, the struggle for

humanity. Every page of the scriptures is full of that battle of

the spirit against the flesh. In these days it assumes the guise of

homes, beautiful surroundnatural things—education, comfortable

ings. Surely these cannot conceal temptation and allurement.

Ah, but they do, my son, they do!

912 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Circumstances are but another name for providences. And

people and conditions are sometimes, nay, often, allowed to assume an indifferent or a hostile attitude, and this to test our testimony and our character. You will come home with a burning zeal to

continue your labors in the ministry, and you are very apt to find that no one seems to need, or even desire, the slightest effort of the kind on your part. Does this mean that there is no need for

your labors and mine in the sweet ministry of Christ? Does it

mean that there is no place for you or me in that great eternal scheme? Nay, my son, nay. The field is always white for the

harvest, and the laborers are always few. And there is a place

for every man just as big and as great as is the man who is to fill that place.

The fighting is not done by the officers, but by the soldiers.

The best officer is the one who has fought his way up from the ranks. We are all soldiers, but we are not all fitted to be officers,

till we have proved our mettle, learned discipline and obedience, and demonstrated our ability to lead others by our power to lead ourselves captive to the Spirit of God. Enthusiasm is beautiful,

godlike and glorious, but unless it is tempered with judgment and common sense, as we call it (Solomon termed it understanding), we are most apt to be led astray. Keep

your head among the stars if you will, but guard your feet lest they stumble on the earth. Neglect neither the physical, mental, nor spiritual, if you would be truly great. I have

never seen an abnormally spiritual enthusiast who was not physically lazy and even prone to shirk every disagreeable daily duty. It is as vitally important for the overspiritual being to

discipline himself into hard daily labor, as it is for the overprac- tical man to force himself to kneel in daily prayer.

Learn to adjust life values. Give every duty its proper share

of your time and attention. Now, in the morning of your life, pull

out of their hiding places each duty and desire. Examine each

and put them in proper places and adjust them in proper relations to each other. Don't desire to preach and pray all the time, to

work all the time, nor to play all the time. Divide up your life's

energies with justice to each.

Then, don't expect anybody to push you along; not even the

A MOTHER'S LETTERS TO HER MISSIONARY SON. 913

bishop. He has a hundred young men to look after; but, no matter, if he had a thousand, he will always see you, if you have the

courage to act, the patience to wait, and the integrity to endure.

Courage, no matter how your companions may laugh at your "fanaticism;"patience, no matter how long men and circumstances

may make you wait; and integrity, to both work and wait, knowing that God is your friend, and that you will be his. Can my son

understand and see?

These are some of the trials that await you. Besides all this,

I fear that Mattie is not for you, for I hear that she is engaged to a friend of yours. So, you see, there will be sorrows to meet.

But there will be joys. The bishop needs you, your friends need

you, your family needs you, and I, I can hardly live without you.

We all need you, but you must stand your test. Your home is

here, your parents love and honor you, and your sisters adore you.

They both say they will be your sweethearts. Every hour of the

day we are talking of you and planning for your homecoming.

The flowers seem to bloom, the birds to sing, and the streams to flow with gladness at your near approach. I don't think any of us

will sleep the last night before your arrival; and I can't see at all

how I shall endure the long, long few hours before that train will puff in, bringing my son home to his mother's arms. Every line of

this letter is weighed down with gratitude and love; gratitude that

I should be permitted to be the mother of such a noble boy, and love unspeakable for him forever. God speed your homeward

way. Your Mother.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

UTAH AT THE LEWIS AND CLARK EXPOSITION.

BY JOSEPH BALLANTYNE, DIRECTOR OF THE OGDEN TABERNACLE

CHOIR OF TWO HUNDRED FIFTY VOICES.

[When the history of the Portland Pair is written, the contributions which Utah has made towards its success, should occupy an important page therein. Our State's display of minerals, products of the soil, and

educational methods and advancement, merits mention with the best.

Considering, also, the population of this state, the number of visitors to the fair from here must be highly satisfactory to its leaders. But the

crowning contribution of Utah was the visit, late in August, of the

Ogden "Mormon''Tabernacle Choir to Portland, and their splendid singing to great audiences during sessions of the Irrigation Congress, and on

Utah Day. It was a pleasant and a brilliant feature of the great Exposition, duly recognized by the officials, and immensely enjoyed by the

local and visiting throngs of people. The event must enlarge the friendship of the people of Oregon for the people of Utah, and help to open

their eyes to the true situation here. The behavior, also, of the large

company of young men and women composing the choir was all that could be asked, and their conduct received frequent and favorable comment. To Director Joseph Ballantyne, who has kindly furnished the Era

the following sketch of the visit, much honor is due, not only for the careful training of the voices in the choir, and hence the excellent singing, but also for the successful management of the enterprise which has resulted in bringing inestimable credit to the whole state. Editors.]

About four months ago, a movement was set on foot to take the Ogden Tabernacle choir to Portland, to sing at the opening of the Irrigation Congress, which convened in the Rose city, August 21, 1905.

UTAH AT THE LEWIS AND CLARK EXPOSITION. 915

The invitation came from the Hon. C. B. Boothe, of Los

Angeles, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the National

Irrigation Congress, and was heartily seconded by Governor Pardee of California, who was then president and since has been reelected to the same position.

It was a gigantic undertaking; involving an expenditure of

about ten thousand dollars. President Lewis W. Shurtliff, of the

Weber Stake of Zion, was the prime mover in the great responsibility, and was assisted by State Senator Fred J. Kiesel, of Ogden,

and by Charles J. Ross, also connected with the choir.

President Shurtliff made several trips to Portland in the interest of the undertaking, and through his efforts and those of

Charles J. Ross, valuable concessions were secured by the Commercial Club of Portland, in which the Hon. Tom Richardson

prominently figured. Had it not ben for the unselfish interest

manifested by President Shurtliff, who is an earnest and sincere promotor of all that is great and good in art and music, the undertaking, no doubt, would have failed. About two hundred members

of the Ogden choir went on this glorious mission, for such it proved to be, accompanied by John J. McClellan, who acted as

accompanist for the choir, and soloists Emma Lucy Gates, soprano, and Willard E. Weihe, violinist. More than one hundred rooms

were secured at the "American Inn"for the accommodation of the choir and soloists. It was a most delightful home. With the

waters of Guild's lake entirely surrounding the two main wings, and a background of mountains covered with dense forests of timbers, it was truly ideal.

The first public work done by the choir was on Monday evening, August 21, when the "Irrigation Ode,"composed by our

John J. McClellan was sung, with Emma Lucy Gates as soloist. At

the conclusion of the work, the entire audience of two thousand five hundred arose and gave unmistakable signs of approval. The

demonstration was so genuine and sincere that Hon. Tom Richardson was powerless to suppress the rapturous applause for fully

five minutes, and then only upon the promise that the choir would sing "The Soldiers'Chorus"from Faust. After the rendition of

this immortal chorus, by Gounod, they were again wildly enthusiastic. Mr. Richardson told the audience that choir and soloists

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

would appear the two following evenings, in concert programs, which seemed to partially satisfy them.

The next night, (Tuesday) a full concert program was given to a crowded house. The enthusiasm was unbounded. The choir

and soloists John J. McClellan, Emma Lucy Gates and Willard E.

Weihe, were roundly applauded, after the rendition of each number.

Probably one of the greatest tributes paid the chorus and soloists was the fact that more than one thousand persons were turned away from the last concert on Wednesday night. Numerous

offers of advanced prices were made for admission, but could not be gratified. It was certainly an ovation seldom accorded musicians in the great centers of musical activity in the world. Not

only did the chorus find its way into the hearts of the public and press, but the soloists and accompanist—artists every one—of

whom we feel justly proud, were given enthusiastic receptions.

Not only was the side of art well cared for, but we feel a great sense of gratitude that honors came to us from the social side. We were honored by invitations to be entertained by President Goode of the Portland Fair, the governors of Utah, California, and Washington, all of which were accepted.

Homer Davenport, the eminent cartoonist, did us honor by inviting the entire body of singers to spend a forenoon on his farm, where he gave us his personal attention, explaining in detail his rare specimens of birds and animals. We also received an

invitation from President H. M. Coke, of the Portland Commercial

Club, to spend an evening with the club and invited guests, numbering nearly one thousand persons, which we thankfully accepted.

In his introduction, he stated that the presence of the choir was the greatest honor ever conferred upon the club, and that after the sweet singing of this great "Mormon"choir, they would always think the more of the club rooms, because of their

visit.

I am so grateful that the impression we created was a favorable one. It does seem to me that the great masses can be

reached through the realm of art, when, at times, all other resources fail. I am especially grateful that there are times, in the

UTAH AT THE LEWIS AND CLARK EXPOSITION. 917

history of the Latterday Saints, when strong intellectual and artistic appeals can be made to the world. I am sure the number

of trips taken by the Salt Lake Tabernacle choir, under our worthy leader, Evan Stephens, has done much to strengthen the thought that the "Mormon"people are true and earnest patrons of the arts and sciences. If our weak effort at Portland has contributed to

this end, I feel repaid for all the responsibility assumed by me.

Ogden, Utah.

FAREWELL TO SUMMER.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Farewell—farewell to you, Summer—and dreams!

We've walked where the pools of the marshes lie darkling,

Or sat on the cushions that bordered the streams,

To watch where the sands with bright sunlight were sparkling.

For days we have carolled, but now must be working,

With hearts that are true and hearts that are brave;

No longer must we our duty be shirking,

Or lost shall we be in the drifting wave.

Sing to us, Summer, when Winter comes creeping,

With cold clammy garments, the wilderness through,

And if we in sorrow shall some day be weeping, 0, echo the anthem* we warbled to you.

Lou Lewis.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

11. RETRIBUTION—ORDER NO.

BY PRESIDENT JAMES G. DUFFIN, OF THE SOUTHWESTERN STATES

MISSION.

When men are retaliating upon others, they are reckless of the future, and do not hesitate to annul those common laws of humanity to which every individual trusts for his own hope of deliverance, should he ever be overtaken by calamity; they forget that in their own hour of

need they will look for them in vain. Thucydides.

While the Prophet Joseph and his brethren were lying in Liberty jail, he addressed a letter to the Saints, from which I excerpt the following:

Those who have sought by unbelief and wickedness, and by the principles of mobocracy, to destroy us and the people of God, by killing them and scattering them abroad, and wilfully and maliciously delivering us into the hands of murderers, desiring us to be put to death, thereby having us dragged about in chains and cast into prison, and for what cause? It is because we were honest men, and were determined to save

the lives of the Saints at the expense of our own. I say unto you, that

those who have treated us thus vilely, like Haman shall be hanged on their own gallows; or, in other words, shall fall into their own gin and

snare, and ditch and trap, which they have prepared for us, and shall go backward and stumble and fall, and their names shall be blotted out, and God shall reward them for all their abominations.

Prophetic words! In all the works of God, the eternal law of

retributive justice finds expression. He that breaks law must bear

the consequences of his transgression. Upon one condition this

may be avoided—that of repentance. This aside, the law of compensations must be satisfied. "Mercy cannot rob justice;"each

must claim her own.

RETRIBUTION—ORDER NO. 11. 919

During the year 1831, in obedience to the word of the Lord given through the Prophet, the Saints began to gather into Missouri. Locating first in Jackson county, they purchased lands and

began to build upon them, with every assurance that they had at last found a resting place—the Zion of the Lord. Could they have

foreseen the trying events of the succeeding years, many, no doubt, would have lacked the faith and courage to come up to the favored land. But God, in his wisdom, withheld this from them. The migration continued to Jackson cpunty, and, on April 6, 1833, the

third annual conference of the Church was held on the banks of the Big Blue river. Many members of the Church were in attendance, among whom were eighty holding the priesthood.

The rapid increase of the Saints in the county began to excite the enmity of the border element, the clergy, and scheming politicians, and, in April, 1833, the first organized mob, about three hundred in number, met at Independence with the avowed purpose of having the Saints removed from the county, or destroyed. But,

after an unavailing effort to decide upon a plan for the accomplishment of their infamous designs, the mob, becoming intoxicated, broke up in a row. Pacific measures were pursued by the Faints,

but all in vain. Their destruction or expulsion was determined

upon, and nothing but that would satisfy their enemies. The historian of Jackson county says: "Although the 'Mormons'had not

so violated law as to enable the people to proceed against them by legal process, the prospect, from the facts already stated, was so extraordinary as to warrant extraordinary measures. Their safety,

it appeared to them, depended upon the expulsion of the 'Mormons'from the county by force, and at once began preparations to that end."How cruelly this resolution was carried into effect

is a matter of history. Incited by sectarian ministers and politicians, during the summer and fall of 1833, bands of lawless men

fell upon the Saints, whipped men, violated women, burned houses, killed stock, destroyed growing crops and other property belonging to them. The ablebodied, the aged, and the helpless, the

widow and the orphan, all suffered alike from the fury of the mob.

Writing of the events of the early part of November, of that year, the Prophet says:

920 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

One party of about one hundred and fifty women and children fled to the prairie, where they wandered for about ten days with only six men to protect them. Other parties fled to the Missouri river and took

shelter for the night where they could find it.

During this dispersion of the women and children, parties of the mob were hunting the men, firing upon some, tying up and whipping others, and pursuing others for several miles. November 7th.—The shores of

the Missouri river began to be lined on both sides with men, women and children; goods, wagons, boxes, chests, provisions, while the ferrymen

wer9 busily employed in crossing them over. * * *

Hundreds of people were seen in every direction; some in tents, and some

in the open air, around their fires, while the rain descended in torrents.

Husbands were inquiring for their wives, and women for their husbands;

parents for their children, and children for their parents. Some had the

good fortune to escape with their families, household goods, and some provisions, while others knew not the fate of their friends, and had lost all their effects. Millennial Star, Vol. 14, p. 582.

Some of the Saints were still scattered over the county; of

them the historian of Jackson county, after relating the treachery of Col. Pitcher says: "Following this event, small parties of citizens went over the county warning the 'Mormons'away wherever

found, and not infrequently using violence with the men, whenever caught. This was continued by the infuriated citizens until the

'Mormons'had all fled the county."History Jackson County, p. 257.

Thus was accomplished the first great crime of Missouri, in permitting a large and peaceful body of her citizens to be plundered and driven from their homes.

But surely, when sufficient time had elapsed for heated passion to cool, when men could look upon those awful scenes with calm judgment, redress for at least the loss of property will be made?

Let us see. In a petition to Congress, presented by Joseph Smith,

Sidney Rigdon and Elias Smith, in 1839, representing the Latterday Saints, and setting forth the wrongs they had suffered, and praying for relief, I find the following:

What then, we would respectfully ask, is the remedy of the "Mormons?"Shall they apply to the legislature of the state of Missouri for

redress? They have done so. They have petitioned, and these petitions

have been treated with silence and contempt. Shall they apply to the

federal courts? They were, at the time of the injury, citizens of the

RETRIBUTION—ORDER NO. 11. 921

state of Missouri. Shall they apply to the courts of the state of Missouri? Whom shall they sue? The order for their destruction, their extermination, was granted by the executive of the State of Missouri. Is

not this a plea of justification for the loss of individuals, done in pursuance of that order? If not, before whom shall the "Mormons"institute a

trial? Shall they summons a jury who composed the mob? An appeal

to them were in vain. They dare not go to Missouri to institute a suit;

their lives would be in danger. For ourselves, we see no redress, unless

it is awarded by the Congress of the United States. Millennial Star,

If redress has ever been made by those instrumental in driving the Saints from their homes, or by the State, history is utterly silent regarding it. Can there, then, be set up any just claim of

exemption from the decree of Jehovah? Verily not. But God

does not take delight in the sufferings of his children; he, therefore, gives sufficient time for repentance. But mercy rejected, inexorable justice claims her own.

Years had come and gone; the Saints had found a resting

place in the mountain vales of the west, but the fiat of Omnipotence had not been forgotten. On the morning of April 12, 1861,

Fort Sumter was fired upon, and the country was in the throes of civil strife.

The opening of the civil war precipitated the conflict between the sympathizers of the North and South in Jackson county. The

spirit that expelled the "Mormon"people, in 1833, had borne fruit, and there were many ready to make war the pretext for giving free rein to the lawlessness in their natures. For some years,

there had been trouble with the border element, this, however, had been measurably under control. But for the next few years, Jackson county was to be the scene of crime and suffering such as has

few parallels in the history of our country. "Where,"slightly

paraphrasing the eloquent words of W. H. Wallace, delivered at a

reunion of the old settlers of Jackson county, July 4, 1872,—

"brother was to array himself against brother, father against son, and son against father, and, casting aside the purest love of earth for the bitterest hate of hell, plunge into the din and smoke of the contest, and, amidst expiring groans and demoniacal yells, revel, ofttimes hand to hand, in the bloody work of death. Where

922 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

once was heard the merry prattling o the child, or the sweet music of a mother's voice, the widow's cry and the orphan's wail were to rend the air. Where our fair land, accustomed only to

the light tread of the sons of peace, was to tremble beneath the heavy tramp of mustering squadrons, and its luxuriant verdure, hitherto bedecked with the white hoar frost of morning, or the silvery dew of evening, was to be dyed with the crimson tinge of human gore, and fire, sword, rapine, death, were to go on with their terrible work, until thousands of homeless fugitives, as they crossed the borders of their beautiful land, should look back upon it and behold a wilderness where, on many a chimney, should sit the solitary owl, and screech out the shrill moan of a departed glory."In 1861, the fine property of Col. Henry Younger, father of

Cole Younger, county judge for eight years, and member of the legislature two terms, was swept away by Jennison and his Kansas volunteers. July 20, of the following year, he was waylaid and

assassinated. Mrs. Younger, the next year after her husband's

death, though stripped of husband and children, was forced at the point of the bayonet, to apply the torch to her own hou;-e. John

Fristoe, suspected of giving aid to the guerrillas, had his fine country mansion burned and his stock driven off, by reason of which he became a bankrupt and died a brokenhearted man a few years later. Dr. Lee, a large land owner, had much of his prop,

erty destroyed, and finally was shot in cold blood. Squire Hink

and many of his neighbors had their houses burned. A Sunday

morning in 1863, was destined to be long remembered by the family of John Hagan. He, his wife, and three children, were going

on a visit to his brother. On the way thev met a band of federal

soldiers, who, it seems, had been much exasperated by the cutting of the telegraph wires the day before. They took Mr. Hagan into

the woods, and the next day he was found shot through the head.

August 5, 1863, the bushwhackers robbed the house of Christopher Mann, turned his family out, then burned the house to the ground, after which one of his assailants struck him on the mouth with a gun and knocked two of his teeth out.

These are but a few instances of lawlessness illustrating a condition that prevailed throughout Jackson and neighboring

RETRIBUTIONORDER NO. 11. 923

counties, during that awful period from 1860 to 1866. Of that

time the historian says: "Ah, how sad must the helpless have felt

when there was no assurance that their loved ones would ever return again. The mother with her little ones did not know how

much to fear or how much to dare. Perhaps her stay and protector would be met by the redlegs or the guerrillas, the Federals

or the Confederates, and be murdered or hung like a dug. Some

citizens of Jackson county disappeared during those times, under circumstances like the above, and have not been seen or heard of since,'* * he was mortally wounded and burned to death in his neighbor's dwelling, or hung in the midst of a lone and desolate forest, where none would visit hire.""It seems,"he

says, "that if all the furies of infernal hell had let loose in Jackson county, there would not have been more agencies bent on the destruction of human life."

How completely the spirit of vengeance possessed the people of this distracted country will be seen from the following:

Should the unqualified outrages committed by all persons, of whatever name or sympathies, be traced to the guilty hand, and it be made to feel the vengeance of a violated law? Were such the case, many of

the best and most respectable citizens of the county, and surrounding country, would be made to tremble; many or our best and most religious

mothers, who are now instilling the strictest piety into their growing up children, would be shown to have wished, anxiously brooding over the shrine, that death and destruction might sweep over the homes of their next door neighbors. Were they culpable? perhaps will be the debatable question, in a few generations to oorae. If so, the guilty could undoubtedly have been found in every regiment and army in the field: in

every cast of party, and, to a qualified extent, every home found in the thickest of the troubles. History Jackson County, pp. 275-6.

"Were there no laws, no officers, no courts?"the reader will ask.

"Was there no protection for the innocent nor punishment for the guilty?

Was the great state of Missouri so powerless, even though she was in the midst of internecine strife, that her citizens could be murdered, robbed, their homes pillaged and burned, their animals be killed or driven off before their eyes, and there be no means of redress?"Again

we will let the historian answer: "Where was the county sheriff or the

county marshal when so much outlawry and committance of crime was going on? You might as well ask where the parson was, for one would

924 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

have done about as much good as the other. That was the trouble

there was no law; the law was set aside, for the time being, and every

man was a law unto himself. No doubt there were county officers,

plenty of them, but they were mere figureheads."—History Jackson

County, p. 273.

Again he writes: "It is well to notice and record the burning

shame upon our history, that many crimes, individual crimes, were committed, but, perhaps, not one in a score was brought before the courts."

Law, and yet no law; officers, and yet no officers; courts, and

yet no courts "mere figureheads."History of 1833 repeated!

Crime on every hand, but no law to protect the helpless or punish the guilty.

Ah! Jackson county, once the home of the pure, the good,

the brave; thy sins hath ascended unto heaven, the day of thy

judgment hath come, thou art found worthy to be the den of every foul thing?

The culmination of the troubles of Jackson and neighboring counties, however, was yet to come. God had said: "They shall

fall into their own gin and snare, and ditch and trap, which they have prepared for his people."Their citizens had not only abused,

robbed and murdered his people—men, women and children, but

they had driven them from their homes without cause, this debt was now to be paid, the measure was to be filled, "pressed down and running over."

Quantrell, the guerrilla chieftain, and his desperate band were given protection and support, by the people living in the counties bordering on Kansas, and south of the Missouri river. To deprive

him of these advantages, General Ewing issued his famous "Order

Headquarters, District op the Border, Kansas City, Mo.,

August 25, 1863.

1. All persons living in Jackson, Cass and Bates counties, Missouri,

and in that part of Vernon included in this district, except those living within one mile of the limits of Independence, Hickman's Mills, Pleasant

Hill and Harrisville, and except those in that part of Kaw township,

Jackson county, north of Brush Creek and west of the Big Blue military

RETRIBUTION—ORDER NO. 11. 925

stations, are hereby ordered to remove from their present places of residence within fifteen days from the date hereof.

Those who within that time establish their loyalty to the satisfaction of the commanding officers of the military station nearest their present places of residence, will receive from him certificates stating the fact of their loyalty and the names of the witnesses by whom it can be shown. All who receive such certificates will be permitted to remove

to any military station in the district, or to any part of the State of

Kansas, except the counties on the eastern border of the state. All

others shall remove out of the district. Officers commanding companies

or detachments serving in the counties named, will see that this paragraph is promptly obeyed.

II. All grain or hay in the field or under shelter, in the districts

from which the inhabitants are required to remove, within reach of military stations, after the 9th day of September next, will be taken to such station and turned over to the proper officers there; and report of

the amount so turned over be made to District Headquarters, specifying the name of all loyal owners, and the amount of such produce taken from them. All grain and hay found in such district after the 9th of

September next, not convenient to such stations, will be destroyed.

III. The provisions of General Order No. 10 from these headquarters will be at once vigorously executed by officers commanding in

the district, and at the stations not subject to the operations of Paragraph 1 of this Order—and especially in the towns of Independence,

Westport, and Kansas City.

IV. Paragraph 3, General Order No. 10, is revoked as to all who

have borne arms against the government in this district since the 20th day of August, 1863.

By Order Brig. Gen'l Ewing.

H. Hannahs, Adjutant.

The provisions of the order were vigorously enforced, and those who offered resistance were driven from their homes at the point of the bayonet. Life and property were held in light

esteem, a result of which was the commission of much crime.

Many are the stories told of crime and suffering during the execution of the order. The following will serve to illustrate: John

Hunter, an aged citizen of Jackson county, on the day he was expelled from his home, Sept. 6, 1865, had to assist in burying with

his own hands, his two only sons, grandson, sonin-law, and two near neighbors, who had the same day met a violent death at the 926 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hands of armed men. One man stood in his doorway and counted

seventeen of his neighbors'homes in flames, at the same time.

Pandemonium seemed to be let loose to afflict this already suffering people. Men, women, and children, of all ages and conditions of

life, were forced to abandon their homes, and were subjected to the grossest indignities.

In a letter to the Missouri Democrat, written five months after Order No. 11 was issued, Col. Thomas S. Chase, referring to

it, says: His (General E wing's) measures have been harsh, it cannot be denied, but when we recall the history of the past in Jackson and Cass counties, the almost universal adherence to the rebel cause among the people, the harboring of bushwhackers, the persecution of Union men, as long as any remained to be persecuted, the impossibility of obtaining information in regard to the movements of the guerrillas amongst them, the certainty of the heralding to the enemy of any"movements of the federal troops, the determined and repeated acts of duplicity and treachery by almost the whole population, men, women and children, when all these things are considered and the result of General Ewing's course ascertained, none but copperheads and traitors find any objection to it, while all loyal and true hearted men applaud it. It will be remembered

that by Order No. 1 1 these counties were depopulated. The entire population was ordered to remove. Such as could take the oath of allegiance,

and could prove that they had never harbored bushwhackers, were permitted to remain at the various military stations in the district. All

others were compelled to remove from the district altogether.

"By the principles of mobocracy'', almost every crime had been committed against the Latterday Saints in their poverty and weakness, by the citizens of the State of Missouri, and their wrongs had never been redressed. Mercy had been rejected by

the wrong doers. Outraged law must now be satisfied. Justice

had waited, not slumbered. The wrongdorrs had now answered to

her. They had destroyed the fruits of the toiler, their own fields

were laid waste; they had burned the homes of a peaceful people,

the torch had been applied to their own dwellings; they had murdered the innocent, death was dealt out to them without mercy;

they had violated virtuous womanhood, their own wives and daughters were made the victims of brutal lust; they had driven a Godfearing and happy people from their homes, at the point of the

RETRIBUTION—ORDER NO. 11. 927

boyonet, they had been driven from their own homes, and their country turned into a wilderness; they had been deaf to the cry

for mercy, and her ears were closed to them in the hour of need.

God had said the day of retribution should come, who can doubt that it had come? His words were now vindicated, and in that

vindication another evidence was given to the world that the mission of Joseph Smith was heavenappointed.

Kansas City, Mo.

OF THE FUTURE.

Hail to the day of millennial bliss, when all the faithful sons and daughters of God shall enjoy a thousand years of peace on earth! The

heralding forth of the everlasting gospel, by the vast hosts of elders in

Israel, gives tokens of Truth's onward march. The honestin-heart are

attracted to its magnetic influence; and, like the needle to the pole, an

affinity exists between the spirit of the gospel and the heart of the honest believer. The harvest of the world has come to gather the elect, and

thriceblessed are those who are accounted worthy to be sampled for the

Master's use, from the world's crude mass of sinful humanity. Ancient

and modern prophets have predicted the most calamitous events in the world's history, the crises of wars, judgments by sea and land, earthquakes, with other horrors added to afflict humanity. If sve are traveling in the direction marked out by the servants of God whose right it is

to give saving counsel, our feet will not slip in duty's pathway. Thrice

blessed are they who keep all the commandments of God, as pronounced by Jesus, and dictated by his living oracles. Though trials may come

to test our faith, the Lord's protecting care will sustain the pure in heart, however dark the clouds of opposing powei'3 may be which combine to oppress.

George W. Crocheron.

THE MENACE OF 'MORMON ISM.

BY WILLIAM HALLS.

In the North American Review for September, Senator Cullom, of Illinois, has an article under the above heading. As the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, commonly called the "Mormon"

Church, has been organized seventyfive years, there has been time enough to become acquainted with its characteristics. If the

tree is evil, it has lived long enough for its fruit to appear; if its

influence over its members is bad, tending to make boys bad men, and girls bad women, some evil means must be used to produce these results.

The children of this Church, like other children, are influenced by their education, and in their lives will reflect the spirit of the institutions in which their characters were formed. It may be

well to discuss some of the means used in the development of character in the Church. First, the home, the typical "Mormon"

home, in which every morning and evening the members are called to bow in the family circle, where humble, fervent, prayers of praise and gratitude are offered, an inspiring hymn is sung, and a chapter in the scriptures read; here the children are impressed

with a reverence for sacred things; and imbued with faith in the

goodness and justice of God, which will be a constant incentive to correct living.

Next to the home the Primary Association, organized to bring the children from four to fourteen years old together, once a week, to be taught by the most intelligent, spiritualminded, and devoted mothers, those principles necessary to supplement the home in the development of character. The nature of these instructions can

be seen by referring to the Children's Friend, the organ of the "THE MENACE OF 'MORMONISM.'". 929

associations, issued by the General Board, giving an outline of lessons for the assistance of the officers and teachers. It is inconceivable that these devoted mothers would teach these innocent

children the arts of vice, that they might grow up wicked men and women to sow the seeds of evil broadcast in the land, a "menace to good society."I do not suppose Senator Cullom,

biased as he is, would believe so.

Perhaps the widest in scope, and most general in application, of all the auxiliary associations of the Church, is the Sunday

School. It is open to all members of the Church, and nonmem-

bers who wish to attend, from the parent and theological classes, through all the grades to the infant or kindergarten. There is a

Sunday School in every ward in the stakes of Zion, at home, and in the missions in the states, and in the foreign missions, wherever there are a few members—all these under the general supervision

of the "Deseret Sunday School Union,"by which, as far as possible, the work is unified. No effort is spared to perfect this system of Sunday School work. The nature of the instructions given

is indicated in the Juvenile Instructor and the outlines, issued by the General Board for the aid of the officers and teachers and pupils of the various departments. All this work is purely a labor

of love, many of the brightest and busiest men and women in the

Church give a portion of their time and best effort to this causer not to subvert good morals, but to promote good citizenship in its widest application.

The Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement

Associations are potent factors in the development of the young members, religiously, morally and socially. The young men's work

is shown in the Improvement Era, and Manual; the young ladies'

in the Young Woman's Journal and Guide, issued by the General

Boards of these associations respectively.

Passing other associations unmentioned, we come to the

Church schools, Brigham Young University, Provo; Latterday

Saints University, Salt Lake City; Brigham Young College, Logan;

and the stake academies in all the principal stakes of Zion. The

Church uses a large portion of its funds to help maintain these schools. These schools are open to and attended by "Mormons"

and non- "Mormons;"they may be visited by those who wish to see

930 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

how they are conducted, their curriculums are published, and open to the public. An impartial investigation of the trend of the

Church schools will convince every fair minded person that it is to develop the spiritual, moral, intellectual, and physical faculties of the students, that they may become good members of the Church and good citizens of the state. Some of our young people, having

taken a preparatory course at home, have gone east to receive more perfect training in special lines; ask the professors of the

schools where they have attended, if these "Mormon"students have given them extra care; have demoralized their classes, and

been a menace to society; ask how they rate in scholarship,

temperance, mora! rectitude, and general deportment!

If we consider this system called "Mormonism"somewhat in detail, its doctriues are identical with the cardinal principles of

Christianity, as found in the New Testament; its discipline is

founded on the democratic principle of common consent; its members are absolutely free; its subordinate associations are perfectly

organized, operate actively and harmoniously to round ouc a noble, perfect manhood and womanhood. Note the achievements of its

members in economics, in Utah and other states and territories of the Union, also in Canada and old Mexico.

Wherever they have colonized, peace and prosperity attend them, as a rule; where they have control, they have no saloon,

gambling, prostitution, paupers nor illegitimates. If these are

the fruits of "Mormonism,"which none can truthfully deny, what if it should spread and become universal, would it be a calamity?

Where does the "Menace of 'Mormonism'"come in?

Senator Cullom, in his article, propounds the question, "Is 'Mormonism'a menace?"Answering, he says: "apparently this is

still an open question;"he states that he has been fighting the

evils of "Mormonism"for half a century; he claims the honor of

preparing the first anti-"Mormon"bill ever presented to a legislature; he fought them in the house of representatives in Illinois; he

fought them in the lower house of Congress; he fought them, and

is still fighting them, in the upper house of Congress; he is happy

that he helped drive them out of Illinois, and "sent them bag and baggage after the star of empire;"he is thankful that at his re-

"THE MENACE OF 'MORMONISM.'"931

quest President Arthur sent a judg* to Utah to commence the raid on the "Mormons."

And yet he is free to admit that "apparently this is still an open question!"—It really does seem something to be proud of, to

stand half a century on doubtful ground, fighting a "Menace"that after all may not exist! The time may come when the mists of

prejudice, which now obscure his vision, may rise; the scales may

fall from his eyes, and the sufferings of men, women and children, react on his consciousness as a worm that will not die, and a fire that will not quench.

Mancos, Colorado.

THOROUGHNESS.

"When I have my shoes shined by an American bootblack,"says Dr.

David G. Wylie, of the Scotch Presbyterian church, New York City, "I

never have to lose much of my precious time. His motto is 'Speed'and

the spirit of his motto is in his work. He takes a few hasty rubs

across the tips, whisks off a little dust on the side, applies his polish with a few masterly nourishes and all is done—except taking the coin.''

The crowd of boys who heard this shouted their approval as most

American boys would.

"But,"continued the kindhearted minister, "when I give the job to one of those little sons of Italy to whom the word 'shine'forms a large part of their English vocabulary, then I always settle down for a delay.

One of these little fellows will forget all about time and will only think of the job before him. He first cleans the leather with water, then

puts on a coat of blackening and rubs it off, puts on another coat and rubs that off, too; then he puts on the polish. He is never satisfied with

his work till every bit of the shoe has a luster that it does one good to look at. He, too, has a motto. Who can guess what it is, in one word?

is 'thoroughness'—and it has an advanYes, you are right, my boy—it

tage over speed."American Boy.

AN INCIDENT AND ITS LESSON.

BY ELDER APOLLOS B. TAYLOR.

In many places, among the native inhabitants, or Maoris, of

New Zealand, there is an interesting custom, and one that illustrates their most striking characteristic, which is love and hospitality for all men; or, to use their own word aroha.

Whenever a visitor arrives at their kainga, or place of residence, they feel it their duty, and I dare say it is a pleasure to them on account of their great love of talking, to hold a sort of informal meeting in the evening after supper. The proceedings of this

meeting are speeches of welcome by the male hosts and replies by the visitors.

The speech of welcome is called a mihi. The mihi consists of

speaking and singing, in which the speaker assures the visitors that they are welcome, and of their love for them. Any other

matters that the speaker deems appropriate are spoken of also.

The women tak* no part in the speaking, but help in the singing.

The visitors then make an appropriate reply. In all of their

speeches and songs of welcome and reply, the subject most prominent is love, and they seem to be very proud of this characteristic.

I was a witness of a most pathetic incident, and the recipient of a most affecting welcome, recently. I was traveling among the

Maoris doing missionary work, in company with a companion. We

called at a Maori kainga where we were received hospitably.

There was a man about twentyfive years of age, who had been a helpless cripple ever since he was ten years of age, and, consequently, had no use of his body below the chest. He could not

sit, so he had to recline on the ground, and rest his head on the

AN INCIDENT AND ITS LESSON. 933

side of the house, and it was with difficulty that he could talk.

His surroundings were among the crudest, and he had not the comfort of a bed nor of tender care. After supper he sent for us to

come to him, as he wanted to mihi to us. We went to him, and I

shall never forget the incident, or the man, a helpless invalid performing thib little ceremony to us who were strangers. His delight

at our reply and at our pleasure in hearing him was something to remember. I marveled at his patience and fortitude, and it was

borne home to me, the gratitude that I should feel to our Father in heaven for his blessings to me, and to all who are enjoying health and strength.

The Maori people have many peculiar and interesting customs and ceremonies which time and space forbid mentioning at present.

This incident made such an impression on me that it occurred to me to write it, so that others might profit by the lesson it teaches.

Kopu, Thames, N. Z.

TO THE RHINE.

(For the Improvement Era.)

0, 'tis a holy rapture, A touch of the divine, That thrills one with emotion,

While gazing on the Rhine.

An ideal most transcending, Long filled this heart of mineThe real is entrancing,

The floating on the Rhine.

There is a something whispers,

Beholding beauty thine, 934 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Of other days forgotten, Before the dawn of Time.

There is a sadness, sweetness,

My soul cannot define;

It seems it ne'er was 'wakened,

Till touched by thee, 0, Rhine.

The azure clouds above thee, 'Neath them the sweeping pine;

And sunshine on thy waters, So fair art thou, 0, Rhine.

It seems strange mem'ries thrill me,

That whisper things sublime;

A boundless love o'erfills me,

Beside thee, gentle Rhine!

Is there a myst'ry hidden, That e'er makes thee repine?

Or is it that lost spirits Brood over thee, 0, Rhine?

The dark'ning clouds descending,

Of ligh!; leave but a line,

That makes thy heaving bosom So beautiful, 0, Rhine!

And so, I fain would leave thee,

While yet the sun rays shine, And highten e'en to glory The waters of the Rhine.

This scene, a treasured mem'ry,

Where light and shadow twine;

Transparent, restless, glist'ning, 0, beautiful, the Rhine.

Lydia D. Alder.

Leipzig, 1904.

TOPICS OF MOMENT.

The RussoJapanese Treaty.

The treaty recently conducted between Japan and Russia, at

Portsmouth, was quite a surprise to the civilized world. The admirers of Japanese fortitude and courage were little prepared to

see their heroes yield so much in diplomacy, when they had been so relentless and irresistible in war. While Russia accepted the

demands most vital to Japan, respecting Corea, Port Arthur, Liaotung peninsula, Manchuria, the eastern Chinese railway, and Sakhalin, she stubbornly refused to pay a cent indemnity. That was

the one important consideration upon which the question of peace hinged, and it was upon that point that President Roosevelt brought to bear his great influence.

If we except England, no nation in the world stands higher than the United States. More and more, this country is entering

the domain of European diplomacy; and it is seriously believed Dy

the great powers that some day the United States will have its allies in Europe, and that our period of isolation will cease. No

nation wishes to hasten such an alliance, by a disregard of public sentiment in the United States.

Could Russia have been coerced into the payment of an indemnity? While the Russian attitude, or its diplomacy, generally

speaking, is one of bluster and bluff, no one really felt that any pressure whatever would influence her to submit on that question.

Then what? It would have meant another issue at arms. To

the loss of fifty or a hundred thousand men, Russia would have been much less sensitive than Japan. With the autocracy of

Russia, human beings do not count for what they do in Japan.

Russia would have regarded it as a national honor, in comparison 936 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

with which men would have been mere specks. Japan, all through

the war, has shown far greater and more humane considerations for her soldiers.

But Japan must win. That would be the judgment of all, in

view of what had been done. But what would Japan win? If she

drove the Russians back even to Lake Baikal she would have to satisfy her demands out of Russian territory, territory that Japan does not want, does not need. Harbin would have been left in

ruins, the bridge over the Sungari would have been blown up, and the railroad destroyed. Without Russian commerce, the railroad

would be of no particular benefit to Japan, and she does not covet

Russian territory along the Amur. Japan could not satisfy her

demands out of Manchuria. That reallv belongs toChina, and

Japan has pledged herself to respect the integrity of the Chinese rule in that province.

There was really nothing important for Japan to get by a further prosecution of the war. More war meant more expense, and

more loss of human lives. Russia could fall back to the Urals,

and then there would be no possible means of getting indemnity.

Even if Japan had surrounded Linevitch, and compelled the surrender of his army, she would simply have had an army to feed, at an enormous expanse, without any assurance that Russia would have paid that bill. To have fought further for an indemnity

would have been sending good money after bad. It would have

been for an empty purse; and it is not at all unlikely that the

continuation of the war, under such circumstances, would have alienated the true friends of Japan in a great measure.

The admirers of the Japs, no doubt, really felt that Japan was entitled to indemnity, and would have been glad to see her get the costs of the war, and might have thought there was some justification for its continuance, if there had been any prospects of getting it by further fighting.

Another factor in the interest of human liberty may here be mentioned. It was believed by manv that the further humiliation

of Russia would lead to such a revolution, in that country, that a fuller measure of representative government and religious liberty would result. Such calculations are hardly warranted by the

facts. The promises of the Czar respecting a representative asTOPICS OF M0MEN1. 937

sembly have, in a great measure, pacified the opposition; and it is

just possible that the war might have become popular with the masses who could have been easily persuaded that Japan was in the wrong. Even if further reverses on the battle field had aroused

the opposition in Russia to greater efforts and more radical demands, there is no evidence that the military forces at home are not strong enough to resist a revolution. As time goes on, the

wisdom of Japan's decision, to waive the question of indemnity, rather than resort to arms to collect it, will be appreciated.—J.

M. Tanner.

The Portsmouth Peace and the War.

The surprise which most people experienced when hearing of the terms of peace between Japan and Russia is gradually giving way to a feeling that in the peace agreement the best course was taken. Baron Komura was quite as surprised as any one could be

when he received notice that the elder statesmen at Tokio had been influenced for "peace without indemnity,"and that his government had been induced to accept the terms proposed. The dispatches report that he "was first incredulous, then astounded,

then frantic with rage,"when he first received orders to waive all indemnity. But, however that may be, the whole world agrees

that to President Roosevelt belongs much of the honor that enabled the commissioners to bring about the desired result. His

labors were recognized in messages of congratulation from the

Czar, the Mikado, the crowned heads of Europe, and from many prominent citizens of private and official life, all acknowledging his great services as a peacemaker. Even Pope Pius exclaimed,

"Thank God for President Roosevelt'3 courage."Aside from the

war party in Russia, and some disgruntled persons in Japan, who complain that Japan lost in diplomacy what she won on the battlefield, all the world seems satisfied with the results, notwithstanding it has provoked intense dissatisfaction in the countries of both belligerents. There are, however, some papers in our country

which express the fear that President Roosevelt, in doing this great service for humanity, has jeopardized the neutral position heretofore maintained by the United States of America, in relation to all other nations, which may eventually involve us in "entang.

938 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ling alliances."Time will prove whether this fear is well grounded.

The following principal features of the war, compiled by the

Literary Digest, will prove interesting for reference, and shows that war requires above all things life and money:

War began February 6, 1904 Lasted (days) 570 Men sent by Russia to the front (estimated) 840,000

Men sent by Japan to the front 700,000

Total Russian dead and wounded 192,000

Total Japanese dead and wounded 154,900

Russians taken prisoners 67,700

Japanese taken prisoners 646 Russian ships lost 49 Japanese ships lost 10 Cost of war to Russia $1,042,500,000

Cost of war to Japan $613,050,000

Togo attacked Port Arthur February 8, 1904

Petropavlovsh sunk in sortie.. April 13, 1904

Battle of the Yalu, Russians defeated May 1, 1904

Battle of Nanchan Hill, Russians defeated May 2226, 1904

Battle of Wofanghao, Russians defeated June 14, 1904

Battle of Haicheng, Russians abandoned position.. July 30 August 2, 1904

Kamimura defeated Vladivostok Squadron August 14, 1904

General assault on Port Arthur August 19, 1904

Battle of Liaoyang, Russians defeated August 26 September 4, 1904

Battle of Sha RiVer, Russians defeated October 1112, 1904

Battle of 203metre Hill, Russians defeated November 2930, 1904

Port Arthur surrendered January 2, 1905

Battle of the Hun River, Russians routed January 2529, 1905

Battle of Mukden, Russians defeated February 25March 29, 1905

Battle of the Sea of Japan, Russians defeated May 2728, 1905

President proposes peace in note to belligerents June 8, 1905

Japanese accepted proposal June 10, 1905

Russians accepted proposal Junel2, 1905

Peace envoys met at Portsmouth August 10, 1905

Envoys agreed to terms of treaty of peace August 29, 1905

Treaty signed September 5, 1905

The President Under Water.

On the 25th of Augus*-, President Roosevelt took a threeand

TOPICS OF MOMENT. 939

a- halfhour trip in the submarine boat Plunger, running the craft himself a part of the time, and at one period remaining submerged for fifty minutes. When the trip was made, "a stinging northeast

gale blew over the sound near Oyster Bay, and lashed its surface into a fury,"so we are told. But he "took a dare."and went

down to the bottom of the sea and remained there for fifty minutes, besides subjecting himself during two hours more to other risks, "as the craft darted like a porpoise through the waters."

Some think it was foolhardy on his part, some praise his proclivity to do daring and unexpected things; and this is how the Aew York

World humorously sums up his spirit and peculiarities:

President Roosevelt should have an individual Hall of Fame. The

president is twenty men rolled into one; there are more sides to his character than there are facets on a diamond. A composite photograph of

Theodore Roosevelt would look like the grandson of Nimrod and a centaur, with a rifle in one hand, a boxing glove on the other, with a diver's helmet on his head, and a clergyman's white "choker"around his neck.

Such a photograph would be like the president's makeup—beautiful, but

complex.

Mr. Roosevelt is never happv unless he is doing something else.

Every now and then you read in the newspapers that the "President had the time of his life."The time of his life is all the time. He is as

happy taking a header on a submarine boat as he is preaching to a congregation of schoolma'ams that the loneliest and least patriotic creature on top of the earth is an old maid. His existence is one continual

round of shooting the chutes.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

THE EFFECTIVE COURSE.

Undoubtedly the question often arises in the minds of young men who find themselves in the mission field, "What shall I say?"

And another follows closely upon it, "How shall I say it?"To

those who go out in earnestness, and who have made a partial study of the principles of the gospel at home, the first question will soon be solved, even if they have failed to make the very best use of their time and opportunities in our schools, associations and religious meetings. They will soon find attraction in the principles

of truth, and, as they find time, by close application, become familiar with the teachings set forth in the gospel of Jesus Christ, as revealed to and taught by the Latterday Saints. But the second question, involving the best method of delivering the message

which the missionary has gone out to proclaim, that is not always so readily solved. And yet, the success or failure of a mission

largely depends upon the false or accurate solution of this problem.

It, therefore, becomes very important for a young man that he shall learn to settle correctly how to deliver his message, and how to present to men, in the most striking and effective way, the precious gospel of life and light.

While no specific rule may be given, experience has taught that the simplest way is the best. Having learned the principles

of the gospel,through a prayerful spirit and by careful study, these should be presented to men in humility, in the simplest forms of speech, without presumption or arrogance, and in the spirit of the mission of Christ. This can not be done if a young missionary

EDITOR'S TABLE. 941

waste his effort in a vainglorious attempt to become a noisy orator, as it is reported from some of the missions that a few of our young men are doing. This is the point I wish to impress upon

the elders, and to advise that all oratorical effort be confined to appropriate times and places. In the mission field is not the time and

place for such effort. The gospel is not successfully taught by

ostentatious display of words and argument, but rather is impressed by modest and rational statements of its simple truths, uttered in a way that will touch the heart, and appeal, as well, to reason and sound sense.

I remember years ago visiting in Scandinavia with a number of the brethren, and observed how earnestness and simplicity in the speaker, and how plain everyday truth, stated without pretense or affectation, succeeded in winning the hearts of the people, where formality, and display of logic and argument, though given in faultless and musical language, produced little or no effect upon them. We had in our company one brother to whom the first

course was natural, and another who had adopted the latter. The

first won the good will of the congregations, caused beaming countenances and hearty welcomes; while the other, though admired, produced a cold, artificial feeling.

Numberless examples might be added to show how men who have been most earnest and natural, have most won the confidence, love and goodwill of the people. A short time spent among

the Saints in a district is sufficient to learn the different views entertained by them about the dispositions of missionaries who have labored among them. Invariably, the man who has acted most

natural has won the greatest hold upon their affections. Showiness,

insincerity, ostentation are peculiarities the gloss of which discerning men penetrate at a glance; and the person who displays

them will not win the admiration of discriminating people. They

are absolutely foreign to the spirit of the gospel, and certainly should have no place in the life and character of the missionary.

It isn't the rounded period, but the thought which it contains, that is of value; nor is it the faultless sentence so much as the

spirit accompanying the speaker that awakens life and light in the soul. The spirit must first be with the missionary, if he shall

succeed in awakening its response in his hearers; and this is true

942 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

whether the words be spoken in conversation, face to face, or in public gatherings. The spirit will not manifest itself in the person who devotes his time to deliver what he has to say in pompous words or with display of oratory. He hopes to please artificially, and not effectively through the heart. Oratory, if it is

not a failure, as it is in most cases, causes admiration, but never a testimony. Men rise to great occasions naturally, but the language and style of such occasions "put on"at pleasure, make the

user ridiculous, and utterly fail to serve the purpose sought in the delivery of the testimony of truth.

There is, as well, a more serious disadvantage. It is that

young men who give such great thought to what may be called artificial modes of expression, who aim at style, oratory and effect, neither learn to understand nor to teach the gospel. Indeed, it

may be safely said that failure will follow in their footsteps, as far as their being able to convert any one to the gospel is concerned. Neither do they become convinced of the truth themselves, because they spend more time catering to form than to

enduring substance, to parade than to fact.

It is, therefore, of great importance that the gospel should be preached in the simplest and most intelligible way. This does

not mean that the language should not be choice, nor that all the refinement possible should not be employed, but that there should be no affectation, nothing "put on."There is enough in the

gospel to occupy our earnest time and language, without devoting our time to artificial effects. By earnestness and simplicity the

missionary will not only establish himself in the truth, but his testimony will convince others. He will also learn to stand for

himself, with God as his helper; he will touch the hearts of the

people, and will have the pleasure of seeing them come to an understanding of his message. The spirit of the gospel will shine

forth from his soul, and others will partake of his light and rejoice therein. The other course will be ineffectual, serving no useful

purpose,either to the missionary himself or to those who hear him, but rather leading to vanity, emptiness and futility.

In the mission field, as in our daily lives, it is best to be natural, rational—neither given to exaggeration of spiritual gifts,

nor to destructive affectation in act or language. It is best to

EDITORS TABLE. 943

develop simplicity of speech, earnestness of manner, humility of spirit, and a feeling of love for our fellows, thereby cultivating that wellbalanced common sense in our lives that shall command the respect and admiration of the honest in heart, and insure the continual presence and aid of the Spirit of God.

Joseph F. Smith.

A WORD FROM THE EDITORS.

With this number the Era closes its eighth volume. The

editors and the General Board are grateful to the young men who have helped to make our magazine a success. Their labors in obtaining subscribers are greatly appreciated, and it should be generally understood that without the unselfish efforts of the Y. M. M.

I. A. officers, it would not have been possible to present as good a

magazine as the Era for two dollars per annum. Some have contended that it should be cheaper, but when it is remembered that

all the missionaries are supplied with a copy, post free, gratis;

that a large manual is given free with each subscription; that

where five per cent of the Church population is obtained as subscribers, 25 cents for each subscription is returned to the association; and, finally, where the necessarily limited circulation is

considered, that comes to a class publication, the price is as low as it can be made, and insure success.

We believe by concerted effort, on the part of our officers, the circulation may be doubled for volume nine, which begins November 1.

Attention is called to the special features of this volume, in the prospectus bound into this number, and we urge officers to present this in detail to the public, and make an extra effort now to obtain subscriptions for the new volume. A little work on the

part of returned missionaries, who above all others understand the real value of our publication, will greatly aid the cause. They

should be solicited not only to subscribe, but to induce others to become regular readers of the Era. The work should be done

immediately, and if the officers get at it in good season, their success is certain, for it has been demonstrated that it is an easy 944 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

matter to obtain subscriptions when solicitation is made of the people in an intelligent way and at the right time. We trust the

officers will see the necessity of promptly subscribing themselves, and then that they will all make a united effort to circulate the

Era widely in their home cities and towns. We also appeal to the

general readers to renew their subscriptions at once.

In this connection, we also express our thanks to all our writers whose names are printed in the index of authors in this number. Without their gratuitous assistance, the Era could not

have appeared. Many of them have promised to give us articles

for the next volume, and we solicit aid from them all, and from new writers who wish to present their thoughts to the young men of

Zion and to the Latterday Saints and the world generally. The

Latterday Saints have hundreds of young men and women who have received higher education in the great educational institutions of our state and nation, as well as in foreign nations, and on missions, in well nigh all the nations of the earth. We consider

that these fortunate persons owe a debt to those who may not have been as fortunate, and to those who have toiled to provide them these privileges. It may be partly repaid by their giving

some of their best thoughts, stories and observations to the Era, for the advancement, edification, and benefit of the community as a whole. We invite them to write for our magazine. Such work

will keep them in touch with the gospel, and with the spirit of our work, and while some may think "there is nothing in it,"we are convinced that it will be a gain to them richer than gold. Let us

hear from you.

We thank God for the good which the Era has done in the past, and for the help which it has rendered in the cause of truth and progress, and approach the new year with hope for continued success, confident that it will result from our united efforts.

HISTORY OF THE CHURCH, VOLUME III.

The third volume of The History oj the Church is printed. It

concludes, for the present, the annals of the Saints in Missouri.

There are some fortyseven pages of interesting introduction by the

EDITOR'S TABLE. 945

editor, Elder B. H. Roberts, which serves as a most excellent preliminary consideration of the causes that led to the troubles in and

around the center stake of Zion; and gives a complete understanding

of the questions and people, which arose and who were the early actors, in the tragic drama of the Church in MissouriThe subheadings following give an idea of the topics treated: "Enlightenment a

Factor in Determining Responsibility for Conduct,""The People of

Missouri and the Saints,""The Question of Slavery,""Political

Fears,""The Saints and the Indians,""The Unwisdom of the

Saints,"and "Retribution."The latter topic is treated at length,

and demonstrates how Missouri, in her treatment of the Saints in 1833-9, sowed the wind which she reaped as a whirlwind, in 185565. The lesson drawn is that when nations, states, individuals,

feel power, they must not forget justice.

"The Unwisdom of the Saints"is also treated judiciously in an extended article, which even to the Saints today, has its wise lessons to teach.

The third volume of History of the Church, treating, as it does, a mo3t important and exciting period of the history of the Saints, is made doubly valuable by the editor's carefully considered and explicit introduction. The division under the heading, "The Saints

and the Indians,"as one of the pretexts of trouble, is here quoted in full:

The interest of the Saints in the American Indians grows out of the knowledge they have of their forefathers, revealed through the Book of

Mormon. From the historical parts of that book they learn the

origin of these Indians; that they are of the house of Israel: from the

prophetic parts of the book, they learn of their future, that it is to be glorious; that fallen as their fortunes now are, they will not always

remain so; extinction is not their fate, but before many generations

shall pass away they will become a white and a delightsome people, favored of God, and prominent in bringing to pass hi3 purposes in the

Americas. It was a mission to the Lamanites land of Zion—the two

or Indians who first brought several of the elders of the Church of

Christ to western Missouri. When the people of Missouri learned in

what esteem the Saints held the forefathers of the Indians: and also the

Indians themselves, both on account of their forefathers and the promises of God to them, it was but reasonable that they should conclude on the part of the there is—a strong sympathy there was—as indeed

946 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Saints towards the Indians; and there was great reason to believe that

this sympathy might become mutual.

It was in this substratum of truth that the false accusations against the Saints were founded, to the effect that they were seeking to enter into an alliance with the Indian tribes of the west for the purpose of driving the old settlers from their possessions in western Missouri, in order that the Saints with the Indians might possess the land to the exclusion of the "Gentiles."

To appreciate the seriousness of this charge, it should be remembered that the Indian 'tribes formerly residing east of the Mississippi,

President Jackson's two presidential terms,about this time—during

being transplanted into the country immediately west18291837—were

of Missouri, so that there were great numbers of these people—amountjust beyond the boundaries ofing to many thousands—being massed

the state. Many of the tribes were in no amiable mood, either. In

some instances the terms of the treaties by which they accepted lands in the Indian territory west of Missouri, for lands that constituted their old homes in the east and south, were forced upon them after—to them

wars; so that it might well be suspected that they would—disastrous

be ready to follow any leader who would hold out promise of regaining their lost possessions, or who would give them the hope of revenge upon their despoilers.

Let these facts be considered and given their due weight, and the reader will not find it difficult to perceive what a potent factor against the Saints this charge of holding communication with the Indians for the purpose of dispossessing the people of western Missouri of their homes would be; and, as in the case of the slavery question, their enemies were not slow to see the advantage, and made the most of it. It

was not until the agitation for the removal of the Saints from Clay county began, however, 1836, that this charge of holding communication with the Indians, for the purposes already set forth, was publicly made. Then, in the document adopted at the mass meeting setting forth

the several reasons of the old settlers for asking the Saints to remove from Clay county, this passage occurs:

"In addition to all this, they are charged, as they have hitherto been, with keeoing up a constant communication with our Indian tribes on the frontiers; with declaring, even from the pulpit, that the Indians

are a part of God's chosen people, and are destined by heaven to inherit this land, in common with themselves. We do not vouch for the

correctness of these statements; but, whether they are true or false,

their effect has been the same in exciting the community. In times of

greater tranquility, such ridiculous remarks might well be regarded as

EDITOR'S TABLE. 947

the offspring of frenzied fanaticism; but at this time, our defenseless

situation on the frontier, the bloody disasters of our fellow citizens in

Florida and other parts of the South, all tend to make a portion of our citizens regard such sentiments with horror, if not alarm. These and

many other causes have combined to raise a prejudice against them, and a feeling of hostility, that the first spark may, and we deeply fear will, ignite into all the horrors and desolations of a civil war, the worst evil that can btfall any country."

Governor Dunklin, shortly after this, in answer to appeals made to him by the Saints for protection, by the execution of the law, on this charge of holding communication with the Indians, said:

"Your neighbors accuse your people with holding illicit communication with the Indians, and of being opposed to slavery. You dery.

Whether the charge or the denial is true, I cannot tell, the fact exists, and your neighbors seem to believe it true; and whether true or false,

the consequences will be the same (if your opponents are not merely gasconnading), unless you can, by your conduct and arguments, convince them of your innocence. If you cannot do this, all I can say to you is

that in this Republic the vox populi is the vox Dei."

Of course this false accusation was emphatically denied by the

Saints. In a public meeting held by the members of the Church, to draw

up a reply to the request of the people of Clay county, that the Saints remove from that county, they said:

"We deny holding any communication with the Indians, and mean to hold ourselves as ready to defend our country against their barbarous ravages as any other people. We believe that all men are bound to sustain and uphold the respective governments in which they reside, while

protected in their inherent and inalienable rights by the laws of such governments; and that sedition and rebellion are unbecoming every citizen thus protected, and should be punished accordingly."

In a communication signed by the Prophet Joseph and several other presiding officers of the Church, and addressed to the leading men of

Clay county, referring to the Indian charge, this was said:

"Another charge of great magnitude is brought against our friends in the west, that of keeping up a constant communication with the Indian tribes on the frontier; with declaring, even from the pulpit, that

the Indians are a part of God's chosen people, and are destined by heaven to inherit this land, in common with themselves. We know of nothing

under the present aspect of our Indian relations calculated to arouse the fears of the people of the Upper Missouri more than a combination of influences of this nature; and we cannot look upon it as being other than

one of the most subtle purposes of those whose feelings are embittered against our friends, to turn the eyof suspicion upon them from every man who is acquainted with the barbarous cruelty of rude savages. Since

a rumor was afloat that the western Indians were showing signs of war, we have received frequent private letters from our friends, who have 948 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not only expressed fears for their own safety, in case the Indians should break out, but a decided determination to be among the first to repel any invasion and defend the frontier from all hostilities. We mention

the last fact because it was wholly uncalled for on our part, and came previous to any excitement on the part of the people of Clay county against our friends, and must definitely show that this charge is untrue."

But all these denials went for nothing. As remarked by Governor

Dunklin, whether the denial or the charge was true, people at a distance, at least, might not tell; quite generally, however, the charge

was believed, and helped to swell the volume of prejudice—already too

Saints. Indeed, so potent a factor was this chargegreat—against the

of holding illicit communication with the Indians, in arousing prejudice against the Saints, that it was used against them with great effect after their settlement in Utah. It was one of the charges made against them

at the time the general government of the United States was induced by their enemies to send out an army to suppress a rebellion in Utah that had no existence except in the hatefrenzied minds of the detractors of the Saints.

"It is charged,"said Stephen A. Douglas in a speech at Springfield,

Illinois, on the 12th of June, 1857—"It is charged * * * *

that the Mormon government, with Brigham Young at its head, is now forming alliances with Indian tribes in Utah and adjoining territories, stimulating the Indians to acts of hostility, and organizing bands of his own followers, under the name of Danites or destroying angels, to prosecute a system of robbery and murders upon American citizens who support the authority of the United States, and denounce the infamous and disgusting practices and institutions of the Mormon government.

The army came only to find this, with other charges that had induced the general government to send it to Utah, untrue. But this is

digression.

Mormon communication with the American Indians for the purpose of despoiling the Gentiles and taking possession of their lands can never be set down as one of the causes of the Missouri persecution; for such

communication never took place—the charge of it was untrue. It was,

however, one of a number of pretexts, and became a factor in creating public prejudice, which alone made possible the expulsion of the Saints from Missouri.

Deseret News, and should be a part of every library among the people.

NOTES.

Purpose is good, pluck better, but perseverance wins the day.

People often lose their patience just when they need it the most.

Whoever would succeed in business must be there and see to it himself.

"We never find out how much joy there is in light and sunshine until we have been for a little while in the dark."

There is such a thing as a worldly spirit, and there is such a thing as an unworldly spirit; and, according as we partake of the one or the

other, the savor of the sacrifice of our lives is ordinary, commonplace, poor and base, or elevating, invigorating, useful, noble and holy. Dean

Stanley. -

Bishop Simpson thus wrote to his wife: "Be careful of your health;

be cheerful. Look aloft. The stars display their beauty to us only when

we look at them. Be resolved to be happy today—to be joyful now

and out of every fleeting moment draw all possible pure and lasting pleasure."

The future is lighted for us with the radient colors of hope. Strife

and sorrow shall disappear. Peace and love shall reign supreme. The

dream of poets, the lesson of priest and prophet, the inspiration of the great musician, is confirmed in the light of modern knowledge; and as

we gird ourselves up for the work of life, we may look forward to the time when in the truest sense the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdom of Christ.—John Fiske.

Mother brought me up to do all kinds of housework—sweeping, dishall sorts ofwashing, bed making, cooking, etc., just as father taught me

work about the farm. For a boy or girl to thus be able to do thoroughly

everything about the home or farm, while also getting fundamentals of book learning at public schools, is the best possible preparation for after life. To know at eight or ten years of age how to work, as well as how

to read and write—then to carry along such "learning by doing"from

year to year until at sixteen or twenty the youth is as full of energy and health as of knowledge and judgment; this is true education. Don't

050 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

grumble, my boy or girl friend, if you have to work before and after school or during vacation. Ere many years you'll be as thankful for

having had such training as I am now. Not what's done for us, but

what we do for ourselves, fits us for success in life! Farm and Home.

A few years ago a certain Indiana farmer became tired of having two or three hired men around, and concluded to give his two boys an interest in the live stock and let them feed and care for it.

The sons, since having an interest in the stock, take better care of it than the hired he?p did. These boys, once discontented with farm

life, are becoming more interested year by year in farming. The father's

failing health compels him to take life more easily. He can now contentedly do this, knowing that the boys are able and willing to manage

the farm.

Isn't this course better than the usual one of having the boys work for father until they are ready to be married—never knowing, until they

leave home, what it is to be independent?

It is, indeed. Farm Journal.

I know boys and girls who, a week after reading a book, could recall scarcely an item of its contents. They read with listless minds, like

sponges, which let the clear water through and retain all the dirt. A

great many people scarcely exercise their minds at all in reading. They

let the words filter through the brain, leaving almost nothing behind.

They might be called "impression"readers. The impression, the exhilaration, the excitement, is all they want. They do not try to remember

or to do any vigorous thinking while they are reading. They read just

for the pleasure it gives them. It is mental dissipation.

Such lazy readers not only get no permanent benefit from their reading, but they also demoralize their minds by constant passivity, so that they become almost totally unfit for any strong mental action.

Instead of strengthening their minds, they weaken them.

The superficial reading of even good things will injure the mind's efficiency for doing good work. The habit of skimming over newspapers,

glancing through books, catching a heading here and a sentence there, destroys the focusing power of the mind. No good reading can be accomplished without concentrated thought. The mind, in a receptive and

responsible mood, must be focused with power, and every conflicting influence must be cut off. It must be ready to grasp a principle, fro hold a

new thought, to reflect, to analyze, to compare. Svccess.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

They r-ad started for a stroll. "There is our minister."he said. "I'm

going to ask him to join us.""To join us? Oh, George, this is so sudden!

But hadn't you better speak to papa before engaging the minister, dear?"Spare Moments.

I don't care to meet His reason.—Smithkins: "There's old Biffkins.

him. Let's turn this way. Last summer I requested a loan of twenty

dollars."TifFkins: "Well, he ought to have obliged you; he's rich

enough."Smithkins: "The trouble is, he did!"Smart Set.

"Now, boys,"said a Sunday school teacher, addressing the juvenile, class, "can either of you tell me anything about Good Friday?""Yes,

ma'am, I can,"replied the boy at the foot of the class. "He was the

fellow that done the housework for Robinson Crusoe."Chicago Journal

A Kansas paper says the inventor of a new feeding bottle for infants sent out the following among his directions for using: When the

baby is done drinking it must be unscrewed and laid in a cool place under the hydrant. If the baby does not thrive on fresh milk it should

be boiled.

When a certainschoolmaster entered the temple of learning one morning he read on the blackboard the touching legend: "Our teacher is

a donkey."The pupils expected there would be a combined cyclone and

earthquake; but the master contented himself with adding the word

"driver"to the legend.

Said George to Pat: "Well, Pat, I think we could earn some money

if I had a piece of string."

"An'sure for what?"

"To take you around and exhibit you for a monkey,"replied

George. "Faith, an'sure you'd want another man, George."

"What for, Pat?"

"Why, to tell the people which end the monkey was on."

OUR WORK.

MISSIONARY WORK.—CHANGE IN METHOD.

At the late June conference it was decided to change the methods of doing missionary work in our associations. Officers are directed to

read carefully the following synopsis of the remarks of Elder Joseph W.

McMurrin, on this subject. He spoke on "Substitute for Formal MissionIndividual Work—Personal Attention by Officers toary Work—General

of Universal Patriotism,"and he said in part:Members—Arousing

Missionary work, both general and local, has formed, for a number of years, a very important part of Mutual Improvement work. Many

missionaries have been called by the First Presidency and sent out, as well as the large number of local missionaries, and great good has resulted. How much good has been accomplished will probably never be

known. As a consequence of this missionary work, considerable prestige

has come to the Y. M. M. I. A.

It has now been concluded to change the method of our missionary wo nk, and in the substitutes recommended in place of formal missionary work, it is thought that perhaps better results will come from the labor, if those who make the effort are not known as missionaries. First, then,

it is proposed that we introduce greater individual work among the young people of Zion; that is, that we labor to establish an interest in

Mutual Improvement work, every individual engaging in it and seeking to influence for good all those with whom they come in contact, and especially the indifferent and careless. All are now expected to engage

in this labor and not wait for formal calls. We are told in the Doctrine

and Covenants that the Lord is not well pleased with those who wait to be commanded in all things.

The fear is expressed that we have confined ourselves to the study of the program and to presiding, and have not felt impressed to go out and labor personally among the boys. We urge upon all officers that

they take hold of this in lieu of formal missionary work, and make every

OUR WORK. 953

possible effort to enthuse the members also with the spirit of it. Then

we urge that more particular attention be given to the members by the officers. We should encourage the members by personal attention. Encourage in ourselves the spirit of the missionaries abroad. For many

years the General Board have been doing a great deal of the work in mapping out programs, etc., and suggesting plans for the carrying on

of the Mutual Improvement work, nd the brethren now feel that there should be in every ward experienced workers who can, and will, do much of this work for themselves. Take up this missionary work in this spirit,

and much good can be accomplished. The foreign missionary preaches

and labors day and night, because he is filled with the spirit of his work, and we should encourage the same devotion to the work assigned us to do.

It is possible that a lick of patriotism arises among the members of our associations because of the officers not giving enough attention to the wishes of the young men in the selection of the officers, etc., and

it has been suggested that in these matters, the desires of the members be ascertained, and, so far as compatible with good government, that these be deferred to.

In the General Board, it was decided that occasional reports would be called for from the members of the Board as to the individual missionary work being performed by each member of the Board, and it is suggested that a similar report be called for in all the stake and ward officers'meetings.

At thp close of the remarks of Elder McMurin, the following resoution, presented by Elder J. Golden Kimball, was adopted:

"Resolved, That we adopt this informal individual and general missionary work, which has been presented to the conference, in lieu of the system heretofore in use."

ASSOCIATIONS IN FOREIGN LANDS.

The secretary of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations has received reports from Samoa and Australia of mutual improvement work, in those far distant lands. It appears from the report sent from

President James Duckworth, of the Australian Mission, that there are six associations now organized in that mission, the last one being organized only a short time ago. These associations are all conjoint. An excellent work is being done by the young people, and the Mutual Improvement Associations are doing much good in that region. There are,

954 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in the five associations reports, 142 enrolled members, with an average attendance of 51 per cent; 217 weekly meetings had been held, 465 exercises given from the manual, and 730 questions answered.

A report has also been received from the Samoan mission, in which there are four associations, with a total membership of 122, with an average attendance of 72; 124 meetings were held. The exercises in

the Samoan Mission were partly from the manual, and the remainder from the Book of Mormon, Life of Christ, and the Articles of Faith.

Several of the native members of the Church are acting as officers in the associations which appear to be prospering and doing good among the people.

George M. Sorensen, secretary of M. I. A. of the Scandinavian

Mission, Korsgade 11, Copenhagen, Denmark, sends a report for the year ending April 30, 1905, from which it appears there are eleven associations in that mission with 403 members enrolled; 275 regular weekly

meetings were held, and a total of 341 meetings, with 1288 miscellaneous exercises. These reports from Australia, Samoa and Scandinavia

were too late to be included in the regular annual report of the associations read at the late annual conference. We congratulate our friends

in those lands and wish them continued and additional success.

MANUALS READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.

The Manuals for 1905-6 are ready for distribution. Orders should

be sent to the General secretary, 214 Templeton Building, Salt Lake

City, now, without delay. Ward presidents should only order for their

immediate needs, and then reorder when more are needed; this to avoid

the return of so many at the end of the season—a cause of great expense in postage and expressage. It is important that every member of

the improvement associations should have a Manual, to enable him to pursue the season's lessons intelligently. Subscribers of the Era who

pay in advance get a copy of the Manual free. Get subscriptions now.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH

BY JOSEPH F. SMITH, JR.

Local, August, 1905.

Died.—In Huntsville, Sunday, 13th, Charles Wood, a pioneer of 1848,

and a faithful member of the Church.—Tuesday, 15th, in Nephi, Elizabeth Howard, a pioneer of Juab county, aged 63 years.—Saturday, 19th,

in Thatcher, Arizona, Patriarch Prime Thornton Couleman, a Nauvoo veteran, and a pioneer of Utah, born September 23, 1831, in Bedford,

England.—Sunday, 20th, in Taylorsville, Harriet Folland, aged 74

years, who came to Utah in 1864.—In Big Cottonwood, Sunday, 27th,

Rasmus C. Knudsen, aged 82 years, who built the first flour mill in

Provo.—In Cache county, Wednesday, 30th, Bishop W. H. Maughan, one

of Utah's pioneers, and an active Church worker. For over 40 jears

he was bishop of the Wellsville ward. He was born May 7. 1834, in

Great Britain, shortly afterwards coming to America with his parents who had joined the Church.—In Moroni, Monday, 28th, Niels J. Anderson, born Denmark, February 10, 1836; joined the Church in 1863, and

came to Utah in 1872. He performed a mission to Denmark in 1890-2,

and was the president of the Moroni Scandinavian meetings.

The Ogden Choir at the Fair.—On Friday, 18th, the Ogden Tabernacle Choir, about two hundred voices, under the direction of Professor

Joseph Ballantyne, departed from Ogden for the Portland fair, where they gave a series of concerts, and won from the people well merited praise. On the 22nd, they sang the "Irrigation Ode,"at the opening

meeting of the Irrigation Congress which was in session in Portland. On

that occasion Chairman Richardson of the Congress said:

I want to tell you that this is the greatest two hundred voice chorus in the United States, and that Mapleton in his palmiest days as a conductor never had anything better. I also want to remind you that this

marvelous music has come from "Mormon"throats, that every singer in the choir is a "Mormon,"and that collectively they have come to help 956 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

this congress out, to show the people of Portland and the Lewis and Clark Exposition what they can do, and more than that they are making this trip and the demonstration at a cost of more than $11,000.

That is the offering that the splendid and enterprising city of Ogden lays at our feet this week.

Dr. Milton H. Hardy Dead.—Dr. Milton H. Hardy, one of the

best and leading citizens of Utah, and an active Church worker and member of the Y. M. M. I. A. General Board, died in Provo, Wednesday,

23rd. He was born in Groveland, Mass., September 26, 1844. A sketch

and portrait of Elder Hardy are found in Vol. 6 of the Era, number 4.

Death op Mary Isabella Horne.—On Friday, 26, Mary Isabella

Home, daughter of Stephen and Mary Hales, and a prominent and influential Church worker, died in Salt Lake City. She was born in Rainham, Kent, England, November 18, 1818, and with her parents moved

to Canada, in 1882, where she married Brother Horne. She ws taught

the gospel by Elder Parley P. Pratt, and in 1836 was baptized, after

which she gathered with the Saints in Far West; she passed through the

trials of Nauvoo, and crossed the plains in President John Taylor's company, in 1847. In Church work she was a devoted laborer, and

served faithfully as an officer in the M. I. A. and Relief Societies for

many years. She not only believed in the prophets of the Church, but

always defended them, and was a woman of unshaken integrity.

Local.—September, 1905.

Damage by Smelter Smoke.—On Monday, 4th, Judge Marshall of

the Federal Court, handed down an opinion regarding the smelter smoke in Salt Lake county, in which it is held that the smelters injure the sale value of farms about one half.

Killed by Lightning.—On Labor Day,4th, while 1,200 people were

gathered at the race track near Richfield, a bolt of lightning fell from a clear sky and killed one young man, Atlas Bean, and injured a number of others, one young man, a brother of the man killed, especially was seriously burned; a stampede of the horses, and a general panic

was narrowly averted. Two storms were approaching from opposite directions, and the theory is that the lightning leaped from each, meeting

in the center, and descended on the gathered people, the ball of fire seen in the distance bursting just before it struck.

Death op Wm. H. Lewis.—President William H. Lewis, of the

Benson Stake, died, on the 5th, in Lewiston, Cache county, Utah. He

was born in Macapin Co., near Carlinsville, 111., October 14, 1837; joined

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 967

the Church April 10, 1847, and came to Utah in 1851. He was one of

the original settlers of Lewiston, and a resident of Cache since 1859.

He was appointed bishop of Lewiston ward, in 1877, a position he held until chosen president of the Benson Stake at its organization a few years ago.

Ward Organizations.—On Sunday, 10th, Huntsville, in the Weber

stake, was divided into two wards. The presidency of the stake, Presidents Joseph P. Smith and Anthon H. Lund, and other leading elders

were present. The east end of the ward with 29 families was made a

bishop's ward, and named Middleton. Albert Allen Bingham was chosen

and set apart bishop, with John W. Grow and Charles W. Stromberg,

counselors. Bishop David McKay, for 20 years bishop of Huntsville, was

honorably released, and Andrew P. Renstrom, his former first counselor

was chosen and set apart as bishop, with Charles S. Wood and John Hall

counselors. President Smith eulogized the splendid labors of Bishop

David McKay, and moved that he be ordained a patriarch, which was carried, and he was so ordained. Bishop McKay retired owing to his

contemplated removal to Ogden, and the people part with their beloved leader with many expressions of regret.

Agricultural College Fire.—The mechanical arts building, its

tools, machinery and paraphernalia were destroyed by fire early on the morning of the 12th. The loss is conservatively estimated at $50,000,

with only $5,700 insurance. The cause of the fire is yet unknown; the

loss will fall heavily upon the Agricultural College, and the burning will greatly hamper the work, just now when the school season is about to open.

Schools Open.—On the 11th the public schools opened generally.

In Salt Lake City over 13,000 children enrolled the first day; and in

Ogden, 4,381. The attendance in the county schools and in other

cities was very large.

Died.—In Spanish Fork, Friday, 1st, Hannah Cornaby, born in Suffolk, England, March 17, 1822, and joined the Church in 1852, coming to

Utah in 1853. She was the author of the familiar song, "Who's on the

Lord's Side, Who?"so frequently sung by the late George Goddard.

In Nephi, Sunday, 3rd, Peter Christensen, pioneer and Indian war veteran, born Denmark, January 12, 1836, came to Utah in 1855; he served in

the Indian wars from 1865 to 1869, and was noted for his bravery and 11th, Christopher Flintoff Dixon, one ofsound character.—In Payson,

the oldest and most widely known residents of Utah county, age 89 953 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Elder Co., 10th, Mary T. Richards, wife of theyears.—In Riverside, Box

late Pre3. Franklin D. Richards, age 77 years. She came to Utah in 1848.

—In Salt Lake City, Tuesday, 12, Mark Earnshaw, born at Waddington,

Yorkshire, England, January 29, 1832; he early joined the Church and

sailed in the Clara Wheeler in 1854, arriving the following year in Utah.

He drove oxteams over the plains three times, and lived in the 16th ward since 1861.

Domestic, August, 1905.

Value op Railroad Property.—The commercial value of railroad

property in the United States was estimated by the Census Bureau at $11,244,852,000.

Immigration into the United States for the year closing June 30th reached the largest total ever recorded—1,027,421. This was an increase of 25 per cent over the preceding year.

the instruction of the director Reforms in Philadelphia.—Under

of public safety of the municipality of Philadelphia, the police of that city recently made inquiry to ascertain the number of fictitious names that bad been placed on the voting lists. Their reports showed 60,083

fraudulent registrations, in a total of 375,812. In one voting ward, the

fraudulent registrations outnumbered the genuine by 679, out of a total of 5,989. In another ward the fraudulent registrations were 42 per cent

of the entire number. The reform movement in Philadelphia, inaugurated by Mayor Weaver, has brought to light many conditions of

this kind which are rapidly being rectified for the good of the government.

Abraham Lincoln's Birthplace Sold.—On the 28th, the 110acre

farm on which Abraham Lincoln was born was sold at auction to R. J.

Collier of New York. The price paid for it was $3,600.

End of the Portsmouth Conference.—The RussianJapanese

peace conference agreed on all the points under discussion at the morning session held, 29th, at Portsmouth. Japan abandoned many of the

most important claims in the interest of peace, which Russia doggedly refused to meet. Among these claims, that of indemnity was perhaps

the chief. The Island of Sakhalin will be devided, the Japs holding the

southern half, Russia will retain her interned warships, and no limit will be placed on her naval power. The treaty was signed September 5,

1905.

New Battleship.—The battleship Vermont was launched at Quincy,

EVENTS OF THE Mi 'NTH. 959

Mass., on the 31st. It is 16,000 tons burden and one of the most powerful ships ever made for the U. S. Navy.

Domestic, September, 1905.

authorYellow Fever.—At the request of the state and municipal

ities, the United States Government, in July, took charge of sanitary regulations at New Orleans, with a view to checking the spread of the yellow'fever epidemic. Up to, 12th, there had been 2,370 cases of the

disease at New Orleans, and 319 deaths from it.

Hezekia Butterworth Dead.—The author of Zigzag Journeys,

True to his Home, and many other books for young people, also assistant editor of the Youth's Companion from 1870 to 1894, died on the 5th, age

Foreign, August, 1905.

The Famine in Spain.—Due to the failure of the crops in Andalusia, Spain, the famine continues and increases. The greatest suffering

is in Cadiz and Seville, and the farming districts of southern Spain.

Thousands of laborers are kept from starving by eating wild roots.

Bread riots occur frequently, and the houses of wealthy farmers have been looted by the hungry people in search of food. The fault, to a large

extent, lies in the primitive methods of agriculture which adds to the failure of crops during drouth and troubles such as Spain has been experiencing.

10th, advices Rescue of the Ziegler Polar Expedition.—On the

from Tromsoe, Norway, gave details of the rescue of the FialaZiegler

Polar expedition by thfrelief commanded by VV. S. Champ. The exploring party of 37 members was sent out by Wm. Ziegler of New York,

under command of Anthony Fiala. It left for the north in June, 1903.

The winter of 190304 was spent by the explorers in Teplitz Bay, where, in November, their ship America was crushed in the ice. When rescued,

all the members of the party were alive but one who died from natural causes. The farthest point north reached by the party was 82 degrees,

13 minutes.

orgen- Government of India.—Lord Curzon, viceroy, and goverr

eral of India since 1899, resigned his office, 12th, because of radical differences of opinion with Lord Kitchener, commanderin-chief of the forces in India, over questions of army administration. The Earl of

Minto was appointed to succeed him.

Norway's Freedom.—On the 13th, a referendum vote was taken in

960 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Norway on the question of separation from Sweden. The vote was practically unanimous for separation; soma 321,197 votes were cast for the

dissolution, and 161 against.

7th twenty thousand Finns met at Helsingfors and Russia.—On the

demanded sweeping changes in the government. On the 9th, some twenty

thousand men were on strike at Riga, and many persons were killed in fighting between Cossacks and Jews in Zetomir. On the 12th, two socialists

were killed, 18 wounded, and over four hundred captured by troops, near

Warsaw. More than one thousand arrests were made in two days. On

the 18th, the Czar issued a proclamation granting a national consultative assembly which will be an advisory body which can make recommendations upon such matters as may be submitted to it, and may call attention of ministers and chiefs of departments to infractions of the law. The powers of this body are extremely limited, as all matters

passed by it go to the Council of the Empire, which council reports to the Czar who reserves the right to accept the majority or the minority report; or if he should feel inclined, to reject both. The assembly, or

Duma as it is known, is called by the Czar and adjourned at his pleasure. The members are elected for terms of five years, and will receive

$5 per day and traveling expenses. The total membership will be 412

men.

Foreign, September, 1905.

Riots in Japan.—Because they were denied the privilege of congregating in Hibaya Park, Tokio, on the afternoon of the 7th, a mob of

Japanese citizens attacked the official paper, and threatened the official homes of Premier Katsura, and Baron Komura, foreign minister; also

destroyed Christian churches and did other unlawful acts. Several subpolice stations were destroyed. National troops later quelled the disturbances, which, while not considered very serious, it is feared will

grow owing to the dissatisfaction over the Portsmouth peace terms. It

is even feared that military control of Tokio will be necessary. The

popular indignation against the government for relinquishing, as it is there viewed, part of the fruits of the victory, in order to secure peace, is outspoken and extremely bitter.

in Cholera in Germany.—Cholera has appeared in several places

Germany and up to the 18th there had been 201 cases and 71 deaths.

Special precautions are being taken at Hamburg and Bremen to prevent the departure of emigrants for the United States, without detention for quarantine. Latest advices up to September 18, show that the epidemic

is under complete control.

A good book is like a good name—belter than riches.

Improvement Era

ORGAN OF

YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS,

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

VOLUME EIGHT.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

"What you young people want, is a magazine that will make a book to be bound an d kept, with something in it worth keeping."President John Taylor.

EDITED BY

JOSEPH F. SMITH AND EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Heber J. Grant and Thomas Hull, Managers.

SALT LAKE CITY.

1905.

The Glory of God is Intelligence

IMPROVEMENT ERA, VOL. VI!

INDEX TO SUBJECTS

A Climate Modifier Page681 Air and Ventilation rage215A Cuban Funeral 118 Annual General Confer-A Day in June 667 ence 542

SermonA Lay 258 Annual M. I. A Confer- I Converted, and If So, enceAm How Much? 664 Appreciation 649627

A Miracle and Its Denial 510 A Remarkable Expe-A Mother's Letters to Her rience 623

Missionary Son 263, Authority Giveth Endur352, 441, 601, 659, 735, 817, 906 ing Power 620

Anecdotes of the Law 750 Avoid Debt and Credit.. 865

An Incident of EveryDay A Word from the Editors 943

Life 823 A Worthy Motto 630 An Incident on the San Pedro. 451 A Young Lady's Reply... 626

An Incident and Its Lesson.. 932 Chistmas Thoughts 146

A Parting of the Ways 36 Church Organization and

A Prophetic Dream 676 Progress 62

A Reflection 15 Death of Elmina S. TayAscent of Mount Mauna lor 218

Haleakala 414 Defend the Truth 629

A Short Way with the ReorDr. Groves'Latterday

ganizes 121 Saints'Hospital 222A True Prophet—Why? 729 First Spiritual, Then TemAt Saltair 755 poral 216

At the Louisiana Purchase Fourth of July 702

Exposition 7, 12, 94 Greetings to M. I. A.

Filipinos at the Fair 94 Workers 867

The Liberty Bell 12 Harmony 209

Utah's Educational ExHistory of the Church, hibit 7 Vol. Ill 944

Bessie's Trust 99 John W. Rigdon 546

Book Notices 151, 152 Let Your Light Shine 60

Branches That Run Over Live In Peace 539 152 Wall Loyalty to Home InterCorcordance Completethe 700 ests 151 of Mormon Book and LitMusic "Mormon".768 Language.Book 625 in Japan erature.561Brigham of Young—Anecdotes.Mormon 148 Mission Homes 827 New Saved. Are YeBy Grace

Career of a Utah Songbird....569 Notice 630

Cause for Thanks 132 Religion Classes and

Changes in Belief 600 School Buildings 302

Charity 271 Response to Frederick M.

Cheerfulness 97 Smith 776 City of Enoch 536 Temporal Affairs 460 742 of EducationData of W. John Testimony of Training andDevelopment 465 Rigdon 422 321, Child the as Testimony—Temporal Fill Foreign a to It PayDoes 773 Spiritual as Well 507 Mission? 463 Apostate The Church Reorganized theDoes...940 Course. Effective The the of Fulness a Hold 546 Temple Great The 513 Priesthood? 385 Ideal Home The 841 It But How? Now, Do 299 Remains Truth The.903 Whine! Don't Growl! Don't 545 Captain the Watch Editor's Table Inci- A.,- Some Nelson Empey, 385, 299, 209, 146, 60, 16 Life Of in the dents 940 865, 773, 700, 620, 539, 460,

IV INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

Page Page

Events of the Month Dedication Chicago Meet73, 154, 233, 314, 392, ing House 235 474, 553, 635, 715, 795, 876, 955 Defeat of the Russian

Acquittal of Judge Squadron 720

Swayne 478 Desertions from the Navy 638

Agitator Demoli ImprisDied 74, 76, oned 159 156, 157, 232, 237, 313,

Alfred B. Lamson Dead.. 475 316, 394, 396, 473, 555

'American"Party Candi557, 636, 638, 716, 717, dates 74 794, 795, 873, 954, 957

Anniversary of the PurDowie's New Move 77 chase of Alaska 159 Drammen Branch 74

Arrested for Preaching the Earthquake in India..560, 640

Gospel 877 Ecclesiastical Changes...

Attempt to Assassinate 155, 156, the Sultan 879 395, 553, 636, 638, 715, 876

Baltic Fleet Agreement..160 Elders Mobbed in the

Baltic Fleet Court of InSouth 878 quiry 740 Election in Canada 160

Bathsheba W. Smith 637 Enlargement Navajo InBattleship "New Jersey"..160 dian Reservation 558

Beneficial Life Insurance Exchange of Water

Company 717 Rights 795 Berlin Cathedral DediFall of Mukden and Kurocated 479 patkin 480

Birthday Celebration....155 Famine in Spain....640, 959

Bounty Frauds 393 Farmers and Smelter

Body of John Paul Jones..878 Smoke 237

Brigham Young's BirthFarmers and the Cotton day 717 Crop 319 Canada's New Governor..320 Fatal Mine Explosion in

Carnegie's Great Gift 639 Alabama 478

Case of the Beef Trust... 399 Fire at:

Chicago's Reign of TerAgricultural College...957

ror 718, 877 Bingham 795 Chief Joseph Dead 78 County Infirmary 876

China's Retaliation 798 Idaho Falls 77

Chinese at West Point 796 Payson 157

Cholera In Germany....960 Fish Industry, Utah CounChristmas and the Prophty 235

et's Birth 314 Flashlight Signal 158

Church and State in Floods in Arizona 398

France 879 Founders'Day, B. Y. U...155

Colliery Explosion in Fourth of July CasualWales 879 ties 798

Collision on the Salt Lake Free Thinkers'Congress.. 80

Route 719 General National Election.159

Colorado Governorship Gifts for Education 797

Contest 558 Grasshopper Harvest 73 "Connecticut,"Battleship. 78 Growth of Sunday Schools.557

Commendable Legislation. 559 Hailstorm at Thatcher.... 77

County Assessments, 1905.716 Historical Relic 556

Crimes of 1904 398 History of Utah ComDavis Stake Reorganized. 74 pleted 394

Deaths: Immigration Into the

Barney, Edson 397 United States 958

Butterworth, Hezekiah 959 Impeachment of Judge Dee, Thomas D 796 Swayne 318

Gates, Princess 314 Inauguration of President

Gill, Joseph 717 Diaz 240 Hardy, Dr. Milton H...956 Inauguration of State

Hoar, Senator 78 Officers 817 Hokanson, Elder 393 Independence of Mexico.. 79

Home, Mary Isabella..956 India, Government Of.... 959

Kelley, Prest. Charles.. 635 International Peace ConLewis, Wm. H 956 gress 79

Mantle, Willard 236 Irrigation Congress 238

Merrill, Patriarch 73 Jacob Riis'Lecture 235 Notable Persons 478, 560, 638, 799 James Bridger's Last

Nuttall, L. John 474 Resting Place 319

Rothschild, Baron 720 John Paul Jones'ReSmith, Albert R 717 mains 640

Stewart, Patriarch 314 Killed by Lightning 956

Wallace, General Lew. 477 King Peter Crowned.... 80

INDEX 10 SUBJECTS.

Page Page

Largest Dam in the St. Louis Fair Closed.... 239

World 399 Sale of a Lincoln Auto-

L. D. S. Meeting House graph 63S

Burned 635 Salt Lake and Ogden Fire

Last Survivor of the War Departments Reports.. 315

of 1812 719 Salt Lake Bond Election..317

Lewis and Clark CentenSalt Lake City Water nial Exposition 719 Supply 234

Lord Roberts and the Brit- "Salt Lake Route"...398, 637

ish Army 879 Santa Domingo 560

Lincoln's Birthplace 958 School Elections 237

Many Fatalities 719 School Population of

Mexico on a Gold Basis.. 560 Utah 234

"Miscellaneous Events 159, 638 Senator George SutherMissionaries in Salt Lake land 393

Stake 156 Senator John M. Mitchell..798

Mission House for SouthSenator Reed Smoot ern States 795 237, 318, 392 Missouri Building Burned 239 Senator Thomas Kearns'

Monument to Daniel H. Speech 475

Wells 715 Severe Storms 398 "Mormons"Not Wanted.. 80 Simplon Tunnel 478

Murray Labor Trouble...236 Smelter Smoke Trouble.. 474

New Battleship 958 State Fair 76

New L. D. S. Hospital 317 Statehood Bill 471

New Meeting House in Statue of Frederick the

Australia 314 Great 2 39 New Panama Commission. 559 Strawberry Valley IrrigaNobel Prize Awards 320 tion Project 554

No Polygamy in Hawaii.. 639 Suit to Account for TithNorth Sea Commission.... 399 ing 557, 636

Norway - Sweden Union Surrender of Port ArDissolved 720 thur 320

Norway's Freedom 959 Surrender to Japanese...880

Official Election Returns.. 233 Surveys in Utah 316

Ogden Choir at the Fair..955 Terrible Accident at

Old Folks'Annual 795 Granger 476

Oneida Stake Academy...234 The "Lena"in San FranOpening of the Schools... 73 cisco Harbor 77

Philippine Island Bill 318 Throne of Norway 880

Pioneer Day, 1905 876 Tornado in Kansas 639

Portsmouth Peace ConTornado in Texas 798 ference 878, 958 Uintah Land District Bill. 476

Postmaster General 79 Uintah Reservation OpenPresidential Vote 399 ing 877

President Roosevelt and a Unpatriotic 797

Third Term 719 Utah Assessments for

President Roosevelt and 1904 315

Cabinet 47S Utah at the World's Fair..

President's Address 558 75, 154

Protestant Episcopal ConUtah Historical Society.. 392

vention 159 Utah Japs Called Home.. 155

Punishment at the WhipUtah Legislature 317, 553 ping Post 320 Utah Postal Business 233

Purchase of the Prophet's Utah's Prosperity in 1904.315

Birthplace 715 War Veterans'Societies

Queen Draga's Jewels....320 Organized 556

Race Suicide Advocated...399 Ward Organizations 95

Railroad Property, Value Western Pacific 636

Of 958 Whitecappers Punished..319

Railroad Wrecks 76, 158 Winter of 1904-5 475

Rare Book Sold 879 Wreck of the "BenningReforms in Philadelphia. 95S ton"878

Reorganization Y. L. M. I. Yellow Fever in New Or-

A. Presidency 556 leans 879, 959

Report on the "Slocum"Yom Kipper SO

Investigation 158 Ziegler Polar Expedition. 959

Riots In Japan 960 Faithful Boys 435

Rockefeller's Gift to MisFaithful to Humble Tasks... 763

sions 559 Frontispiece:

Russian Affairs Altars at Copan 401. 399 400 479 Augusta Bridge 241

480,''660,''640, 799, '880, '960 Elmina S. Taylor 161

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

Page Page

Emma Lucy Gates 561 ual, 1905-6 783

Latterday Saints'Church, Senior Class Study Aim.. 68

Chicago 81 The "Era"in the East 391

Map of Part of Central Value of the "Era"68

America and Mexico....321 Passing of the Gift of TonNelson A. Empey 1 gues 109

Fulness of the Priesthood....689 Peter Klaus 184

Good Advice 822 Poetry:

Good for Boys 830 A Danger Signal 839

Greetingfrom the First Pres- A Desert Flower 429 idency 193 A Memory System 760

Hammerabi's Code of Laws.. 240 A Prayer 336

Heaven vs. Nirvana 481, 579 April 446

Holy Scriptures, The 289 Assurance 262

Hope, the Immortal Daughter Awakening, The 167 of God 166 A Word of Kindness 247

Individuality of Man 161 Be Thankful for the

In Lighter Mood 230, 306, Shadows 663 390, 471, 551, 631, 707, 782, 951 Bird Time 379

In the Lineage of the Gods.. 721 Bitter Sweet 733

In the Third Watch of the Days Like These 22

Night 248 Emigrants'Trail on the

Impression vs. Expression....667 Platte 508

Is There Power in Prayer?...337 Faith vs. Doubt 687

Leaven of Life, The 23 Farewell to Summer 917

Letter from Mary, The 81 Gentile, Jew or Christian.. 208

Looking Back 29, 112 Gift Divine, The 128

Loyalty 178 Give Me Strength 145

Man and Tools 575 Great Question, The 35

Manliness 296 Harvester, Look to the

Man Proposes 341, 468, 548 Harvest 902

Mediocrity Not Good Enough.. 440 Hearts of Gold 861

Monuments and Altars at Honor Thy Father and

Copan 447 Thy Mother 349 Mound Builders and American Hymn S16

Antiquities 436 In Memoriam 98

Necessity of Prayer 603 In Memorv of the Prophet

Notes 228, 305, Joseph 10S 389, 496, 550, 630, 705, 870, 949 It Matters Much 754

Of the Future 927 Jeanne D'Arc 275

Originality of the Book of Learn 566

Mormon 801, 881 Let Light Descend 618

Our Work 68, 152, Lfe's Mirror 278 307, 388, 633, 709, 783, 871, 952 Longfellow's Psalm of

Annual Reports 388 Life 176Associations in Foreign Look Up 500

Lands 953 Lost Bride, The 127 Cooperation of Parents in Love and Work 538

Home Preparation 307 Monochromes 847

Fall Conventions 789 Mountain Peak, The 92

Five Essentials for a SucMy Guardian 87 cessful President 69 My Mission 749

Go Thou and Do LikePioneers, The 771 wise 391 Priest and Poet—ReHow to Secure Prompt and sponse 535

Regular Attendance....634 Right Way and the

Manuals Ready for DisWrong 848 tribution 954 Royal Diploma, The 672

M. I. A. Annual ConferSea Gulls and the

ence 709 Crickets 656 M. I. A. Annual ConvenSomewhere 505

tions 871 Song of Cheer 602 M. I. A. Conferences, Speed the Message 449

1904-5 153 Stand Firm 117 M. I. A. Lecture Bureau.. 152 Stick to Your Aim 91

Missionary Work, Change Sunflower, The 770 in Method 952 There Is No Unbelief 270 Notice to Stake Superin793 Thine Forever (Illustendents

On Selection of Officers..312 trated) 576

Program Annual M. I. A. Thought Waves 48

Conference 633 To the Rhine 933

Review of the New ManTo the Work 694

INDEX TO SUBJECTS. va

Page Page

Violet's Mission, The 905 Fall of Tort Arthur 281 Way Infinite, The 6 Food of the Japanese SolProblems for Parents 294 diers 138

Questions and Answers German War In West 65,A 222,Question468, 547,of Presiding.628, 704,.227781 Harcourt,Africa Bismarck and 141

Authority of a Priest 547 Bartholdl Dead 56

Church Government 227 Hay, John, Statesman....765

Confer, Ordain, Set Apart. 468 Lucin CutOff and JungCorrect Wording Fourth frau Railway 143

Article of Faith 548 Monroe Doctrine and Santo

Discovery of Chloroform. 65 Domingo 371

Further Explanation of "'Mormon'Menace, The"..285

Luke 22: 3538 468 Maximo Gomez, Liberator. 764

Is It Proper for a Priest to New Engineer for the

Preside? 628 Panama Canal 768

Luke 22: 3538 Explained..226 New Manchurian Army... 64

Mahonri Moriancumr....704 North Sea Embroglio 139

Meaning of Prison in 3 Opening the New York

Nephi 12: 2526 226 Subway 142

On Character Balls 629 Opening of Twin Falls

Secretary and His MinCanal 457 utes. The...J 227 Peace Conference and

Stick of Ephraim, The...781 Portsmouth 864, 937

Time of Christ's Visit to Peace Envoys 769 the Nephites 222 Peace Talk 697

Two Questions 67 Possibilities of the AmeriWho Is to Lead the Ten can Rice Crop 58

Tribes from the North?. 547 Pres. Roosevelt's Speech

Relation of Inspiration and on Home and Mother.. 526

Revelation to Church GovPresident Under Water.. 938

Sabbath Day 641 Results of the Naval BatSayings of Franklin 599 tle 698

Some Facts and Fancies of Revolution in Russia....304

"Mormonism"849 Rupture Between Norway

Some Sayings 350 and Sweden 695

Streets of Havana, The 187 Russia and Reforms 283

Study of the Book of DocRussian Events 375 trine and Covenants 1 Russian Movement for

Sunday in the New TestaLiberty 205 ment 401 Russian Views of the The Loyal Road 831 North Sea Controversy.. 202

"The Menace of 'MormonRusso-Japanese Treaty.. 935

ism'"928 Senator Hoar 55 The Value of Soul 88 Senator Smoot's Case....285

Thoroughness 931 Shakhe, the Second BatTomb of St. Polycarp 740 tle of Liao Yang 137

Topics of Moment Siege of Port Arthur.... 53

..53, 137, 200, 281, 304, 371, Situation in Manchuria.. 201

455, 526, 613, 695, 764, 863, 935 Tibitan Treaty 57

A Great Encyclopedia....144 Two New States in Can-

A National Reproach.... 204 ada 533

Apple Orchards and Cold Verne, Jules 531

Storage 287 Why There Is No ArmBattle of the Sea of istice 768

Japan 696 Czar's Easter Ukase 615 200 Route Sea Bering 761 Greatness True 459 of Capture Mukden at the Lewis and Clark Utah 207 Industry Storage Cold 914 Exposition of Jews in Condition

Morocco 458 Utah's Natural Bridges 276

Cuba's Growth 698 Was It Retribution? 518

Decision of the North Sea Wit and Humor in the Mission

Commission 455 Field 48, 133, 189, 279

Elihu Root, Secretary of Worth of the Farm Boy 28

State 767 'Yellow Peril"as Seen in Like Insurance Equitable 862 Japan 431 Company European Complications..613 Youth on the Farm 183

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

Page PageAdamson, Henry Nicol 99 Ivins, Anthony W 518Alder, Lydia D 740, 933 Kenner, S A 750Allen, Dr. James X Krantz, Carl A 467

109, 258, 436, 507, 664, 903 Lambourne, Alfred 127

Anderson, Bertha E 6 Lauritzen, Annie G 289, 450

Anderson, Edward H Lewis, Lou 676, 831, 917 12, 222, 823 Longfellow, Henry W 176Anderson, Nephi 81, 556 Lund, Pres. Anthon H 193, 302

Austin, Alfred 275 Malin, Annie 771

Babcock, Maude May 178 Martineau, James H 337

Ballantyne, uoseph 914 Monson, Otto J 208Blair, George E 108 Naisbitt, Henry W 88Bonnell, Ben Frank 535 JNelson, N L 481, 579

Brimhall, Dr. George H...294, 789 Nicholson, John 16

cannon, George Q 545 Osmond, Alfred 687, 749

Cannon, Hugh J 161 Pack, Fred J 465, 505, 681, 827Carbine, Edmund W 469 Pack, Sadie Grant 465 Carroll, C. H 15 Paul, J. H 576

Clift, Dr. Frederick Pearson, Sarah E 128 121, 168, 401, 641 Price, Homer M 248 Cluff, W. W 414 Quist, Erin 469vowley, Matthias F 23 Ramsieyer, A. A 240, 689

536, 927 Richards, L. L. Greene 761 Crocheron, George W Crosby, Mr. P 600 Richards, Preston D 69Cummings, Horace H 7 Roberts, Annie Pack 505Curtis, Theo. E 672 Roberts, B. H...358, 783, 801, 881

Done, Willard 702 Roosevelt, Theodore 526

Douglas, Alice May 435 Sjodahl, J. M 94

Duff in, James G 918 Sloan, Walter J 451

Emmett, Walter 839 Smith, George Albert 634

Ensign, Horace S 431, 625 Smith, Pres. Joseph F 60,

Evans, John H 36 62, 146, 193, 209, 216, 299, 302, Farrell, George L 510 385. 460, 539, 620, 700, 773, 865, 940 Fletcher, Isaiah W 848 Smith, Joseph F,, Jr 73, 154 Fox, Ruth May 446, 500, 618 232, 392, 473, 553, 635, 715, 875

Frost, Grace Ingles 87, Smith, Joseph 513 271, 336, 566, 663, 770, 861, 905 Snow, Frank H 630

Gates, Susa Young Talmage, Dr. James E...721, 849

.263, 341, 352, 441, 463, 501, Tanner, Dr. J. M 118, 187, 935

561, 659, 735, 755, 817, 841, 906 Taj lor, ApollosB 932

General Board 871 Townsend, J. L

Green, Niels F 145, 816 48, 92, 167, 256, 349,

Guthrie, L. V 65 379, 429, 508, 656, 733, 847, 902Hall, Ernest M 667 Wagner, Charles 166

Hall, Mosiah 321, 422, 742 Wanless Fred 262

Halls, William 729, 928 "Ward, Joseph H 35, 296Hedges, Sandford Wells 603 Wells, Samuel H 350

Hinckley, Bryant S 307 Welsh, John S 628

Home, Henry E 98 "Whitney, Horace G 569Horner, John M 29, 112 Whitney, Orson F 535Hubbard, Elbert 62S Widtsoe, Dr. John A 1

Iverson, Sylvanus 469 Winder, Prest. John R...193, 302

"- 1 I I I ++ 1-I"H"H"H 1"H"H"H"1"H

? ALBERTS. REISER FREE OFFER

i For 30 days JEWELER Will place a Piano or Organ in your home, free of charge, No. 12 E. 1st South St.,

for 30 days trial on your ask-? Salt Lake City, Utah. \

ing.

Remember we sell a good?yV Choice line of

Piano for $250.00, $10.00 cash I

down,balance$8.00 permonta. I WATCHES,

Write us for full information. 1 DIAMONDS,

1 JEWELRY, 1:: Everything Known in Mnsic. COT GLASS.

SILYERWARE, OPTICAL GOODS.

; Carstensen &

FineWatch and Jewelry Repairing inc. Anson Co.,

TEMPLE OF MUSIC. Mail orders solicited.

'.'. 74 Main Street, - Salt Lake City. 4* Bell Telephone 2640 k. *V

I.. i.. i.. 1.. i.. i -!m i.. i.. i.. i ii.. i imi..h..i..h i..h....h.

"THAT GOOD COflLi."

A Comfort Insurance DR. J. THOMAS, f

Policy.

DENTIST.

2b S Main St., Salt Lake City. 4-

BAMBERGER, 161 Meighn St.

f

Successor to PLEASANT VALLEY COAL CO.

>----*-*-*-.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE RIO GflfljlDE WESTER. A]4D...

THEDEJWEHflflDltfOGKAlWE

Best Loeal Train Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. J* # Jt

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write——I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

Oregon; Sl?ort Cir?e Railroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Railroad through the thriving Stales of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

OISL-V ROHDTH& To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST

FIVE DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

all Points East,The Fastest Service to

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

gty SkKet Office, ffo. 201 (T\aii) Street, Salt CaKe Qty.

ST. M. SCHUMACHER, Traffic Mgr. D E. BURLEY, Gen. P. & T. A.

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and Gen. Mgr.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)

VWVSA\WWW/WVM An Open Letter

To persons aDout to attend a High School, a Normal SGhooi, or a Business College.

In the last circular issued by the Latterday Saints'University of this city, an open letter to prospective students sets forth that the institution, while organized as a university, is giving almost exclusively at present high school instruction.

Able professors (the teaching force now numbers fifty) engaged because of their ability to give university courses, are now teaching high school subjects. This insures to the student that a large portion of his work shall be under exceptionally strong and scholarly

teachers. Firstclass physical, biological, and chemical laboratories;

well equipped shopsfor woodwork and ironwork; suit of rooms for

dining and kitchen equipment, including coal and gas ranges, for domestic science; complete dressmaking department, with sewing

machines and cutting models, in domestic arts; a fine library, reading room, etc., are strong features of this department.

The Normal work is now so thoroughly professional that special attention is called to its value and originality. The review of essentials in "common"branches by Prof. Hall, and Prest. Paul; the

arts and industrial work given respectively by Prof. Stephens (Singing) Instructors Richards (Art) Kienke and Hicks (sh'opwork), Milne

(physical training) Mrs. Kelly (sewing) Miss Holmgren (cooking)

Miss Bitner (oral expression); the science of education by Prof. Jensen; the training school work by Miss Edwards and Miss Paul;

these are the purely professional elements of a course confidently presented to the judgment of the friends of modern and progressive training for teachers.

The Kindergarten Normal School has in addition the use of a model Kindergarten and the services of four skilled Kindergartners who have taken courses in the best Kindergartens in the country: Mrs.

Kesler and Misses Rebecca Morris, Elmina Taylor, and Leona Taylor.

The Combined Business Colleges—The Salt Lake and L. D. S.

are without a peer in the intermountain West for thorough and rapid training in General Bookkeeping, Higher and Special Accounting, Law, Shorthand, Typewriting, Telegraphy, Penmanship and Engrossing, Rapid Calculations, English, Etc.

Publications describing the work of the school for the present year will be sent free to those who apply for any or all of them, as follows:—(1) The General Catalog; (2) The Business Catalog; (3)

Illustrations; (4) Gold and Blue.

Fall term opens Sept 11.

VvvvvvvAAAA/MA/'AAvvNv Correct Clothing For men who want something different from the ordinary in suits, our line of clothing completely meets the demand. The garments have none of

- built appearance, but that machine have a grace and shapeliness which rivals the product of sljij tailoring establishment.

Every new cloth and stj'le is included in the suits we offer.

Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution

GOODS GO.tUTHOPSDHY

Do you like to buy where you can feel at home, where the light is the best, where the store is warm m winter and cool in summer, where the salespeople are ready, attentive and anxious to wait on you, where the management uses its long experience in placing before you desirable merchandise at the lowest prices? Where, if you

have twentyfive cents to spend you can save your car fare, and if you have a dollar to spend you can save a quarter. We offer all this to youOur regular customers know this; you try us too, and make your purchasing a pleasure. When you leave your dollars at our store,

you'll be as pleased with our goods as we are in having your patronage. Where else can you find such mutual

satisfaction?

GO. K. THOJBftS DRY GOODS t

6769-71 Main St.

(Whan writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)