.

Tobacco and Humanity L. W. OAKS. M. D.

Alma to the 2 th Century DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Child Training CHARLES M. FILLMORE

The Great OutDoors elizabeth cannon porter Smoke Rings weston n. nordgran

a turkeyless thanksgiving silas l. cheney

. -.. -::.. -.:.."gy-.v '.-.j.:. '..--,.:,—....

bf

I;. iF-'irMii-'SKiWB:- p.:Jiss'isJsME j i

VACATION TIME SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES

via Southern Pacific Lines TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY—FINAL RETURN LIMIT, EIGHT MONTHS

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

at prices direct from factory to you

For Ladies By ordering garments direct. For Men

No. si Flat vou save agent's commission Weave $.95 and thus get better quality No. 92—Ribbed

fit. the guarantee Quality Cot925-Med 1 -50 ton - style. or Specify OLD NEW 175 Light Wgt'No. usually made weights Light 862—Fine

Mercerized with short s i eeves and % legs, No. 97—Med.

Wgt. pattern. to according Temple Llsle, S?iv"w Stripe 1*5 regularly made weights Heavy Silk—StriDeMed

'sleeves long and with lons 1.50 No 975—Med. Wgt 15c marked, Garments le*s 1.75 Wgt. Heavy 821—Extra No

* extra. r prepay a We PaSilk Fine oi07 Wool S. all of U. parts to postage 1*5 Stripe extern and 6 e Request Mixture Samples on 4*0... 2.05 iTsilk NORayo

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

"Oldest Knitting Store tn Utah"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

One Hundred Years Ago

The Angel Moroni delivered to

the Prophet Joseph Smith

the ancient Nephite Records from which the

Book of Mormon was translated

In commemoration of this event

The Deseret Book Company

offers the first edition of AN INTRODUCTION To the Study of the BOOK OF MORMON BY J. M. SJODAHL

This book offers much new and astonishing evidence for the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon

It is the work of a student and competent writer

It is very highly recommended It contains new maps and many splendid illustrations by courtesy of the

National Geographic, Yale Expedition to Peru,

Pan American Union, Etc.

Price $3.50

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East on South Temple P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

KIMBALL This is the Great Kimball Company's 70th Anniversary

70 years of continued success! See that your piano is a

is used Piano Kimball The purchase can KIMBALL—you and endorsed by SCHOOLS We one on EASY terms. ART- R CHURCHES—G carry E A T a complete stock of KIMBALL whom TONE ISTS—by all to

Players. and durability are the first conUprights—Grands and

siderations.

Write for FREE postpaid catalogs and EASY TERM PLAN

DaynesBeebe Music Co.

"Older Than The Stale of Utah"61 to 65 South Main St., Salt Lake

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mr. Charles M. Fillmore, General Secreworthy of careful consideration by every

tary of the NoTobacco League of Ameryouth in the land. Dr. Oaks knows his

ica, whose article, "Child Training and theme. He was born in Vernal, Utah, reTobacco,"appears in this number of the ceived his preliminary education at BrigImprovement Era, says: "It affords me ham Young University, and the University

great pleasure to get into this active coof Utah, and his medical training at Jefoperation with you, for I am sure that we ferson Medical College, Philadelphia, Pa.

can never win this fight without the He is a member of the American Medical heartiest fellowship with every agency that Association and of various other medical can possibly be aligned for the fray. I societies, also of the Utah Governing Board

wonder if there is not some way whereof Gorgas Memorial Institute of Preby you can help me to enroll a larger numventive Medicine, and author of several ber of your people in active cooperation published papers on medical subjects. He

with our organization. We have quite a is Medical Director and instructor in health

membership scattered over the states, but I education at the Brigham Young Unihave always felt that we have not succeedversity. The material he has for this

ed in as large a way as we should in Utah. series of papers was obtained through a

If you can help us in this, we will apcareful survey of the very complete literapreciate it. Trusting that our fellowship in ture to be found in the Library of the

the future may grow as we try together Surgeon General of the United States, at to solve this difficult problem, I am, Washington, D. C.

Fraternally Chas. M. Fillmore."Weston N. Nordgran, whose story,

We believe that the citizens of no other "Smoke Rings,"appears in this number is state have done more in the way of educa- a native of Southern Utah. He was a stution in the home against tobacco than dent in the Utah University summer school

have the people of Utah; and they are the past season. On finishing his term,

doing it through their own organizations he was called on a mission for the Church, in which training in this line is constantly and is now in the field. Several short

conducted in the best way that can be depoems of his and at least two stories, vised. We are convinced that there are "The Choice,"and "In the Spring,"have

more sympathizers here and in Idaho and appeared heretofore in the Era.

other states surrounding where Latterday

Saints are located, than can be found in an Silas L. Cheney, Delta, Utah, is a comparatively new writer for the Era, though

equal population anywhere in the United some of our readers will remember hisStates.

story, "An Awakening,"which appeared

Elder Richard R. Lyman, of the Counlast March. Try his, "Turkeyless Thankscil of the Twelve, has promised to give an giving"in this number of the Era.

account of the leading incidents in the

L. S. Huish, of Tucson, Arizona, findsdedication the of temple, Arizona October it difficult to explain a statement made in for the23, 1927, December Improvement

Era. He went with the General Authorthe September number of the Era, that the

Lamanites have in them the blood of the ities to attend the services, leaving on the morning of October 20. Readers of the Jaredites, in an article by J. M. Sjodahl, who is also a careful student of the BookEra may depend upon a reliable and lively

report from him. of Mormon. In this number he gives his

reasons why he thinks that perhaps the

Readers of the Improvement Era will be Lamanites of today have in them a mixture edified by the excellent article, by Dr. L. of the blood of the Jaredites, Mulekites and

W. Oaks, on the tobacco question. It is Nephites.

EDITORS'ANNOUNCEMENTS, CONTINUED

"Alma Speaks to the Twentieth Cennamed by the Presidency of the Church tury,"is an appealing treatise in this numto preside over the European mission to ber of the Era by Elder John A. Widtsoe succeed Elder James E. Talmage of the

of the Council of the Twelve. Dr. WidtCouncil of the Twelve, who has been

soe is the author of many books, religious honorably released after excellent work and secular, and has been a constant conperformed during his incumbency since tributor to the Era for the past thirty 1924. Dr. Talmage is noted in the eduyears. His work on reclamation and educational field for his scientific research

cational projects has received national and work and his writings in theological lines.

international acclaim. His writings upon He has also a national and international

irrigation have been translated into several standing in scientific circles. His conforeign languages. His activities in retributions to the Era have covered many

ligious, scientific, and civil affairs are well subjects.

known to the public. Recently he was

IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1927

J. Ballard, Business Mgr. HEBER J. GRANT ) Editors Melvin

EDWARD H. ANDERSON \ Moroni Snow, Assistant

A Wonder Spot in Utah's Great OutDoors - - - Frontispiece

Editors'Announcements - (See Page 3, Inside Cover)

The Promises are Sure. A Poem - - - Theodore E. Curtis 3

Tobacco and Humanity - - - - L. Weston Oaks, M. D. 5

No Tragedy Save in Sin. A Poem - - - Bertha A. Kleinman 1

Alma Speaks to the Twentieth Century - Elder John A Widtsoe 20

The Observant Man. A Poem - - Joseph Longking Townsend 31

Child Training and Tobacco - Charles M. Fillmore 3 2

SMOKE RINGS. A STORY Weston N. Nordgran 3 7

A TURKEYLESS THANKSGIVING. A STORY - - - Sitas L. Cheney 4

Our Best Friend. A Poem - - - - - F. M. Shafer 45

The Great OutDoors. The empire of Southern Utah.

ILLUSTRATED - - - - - - Elizabeth Cannon Porter 47

Outings. Illustrated - - 54

The Great Outof-Doors. A Poem E. Cecil McGavin 55

Have the Lamanites Jaredite Blood in their Veins? - J. M. Sjodahl 56

I'M THANKFUL. A POEM - Grace Jngles Frost 5 7

- Frank Beckioith 58Pah Yaqua. An Indian Legend

Smoke. A Story Leland A. Clark 63Messages from the-------Missions. Illustrated - - - - 68

Blessings. A Poem A. Henderson 75Current Events ------- 76Editor's Table—Themes at the NinetyEighth SemiAnnual Conference - 79

Choose Happiness and Health - 80

Truth 81 Romance and Legend vs. Dollars - - - - 81

Priesthood Quorums - 82 BUDDIES. A POEM Grace Ingles Frost 83...... 84Mutual WorkPassing Events ------------ 87

Published monthly. Salt Lake City, Utah, $2 per annum. Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake

City, Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in

section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2. 1918.

The Promises are Sure

Come, observe the Word of Wisdom,

It is heaven's rule of health,

And is worth to human progress,

More than all of Mammon's wealth.

It will keep the spirit buoyant,

And the mind and body pure.

And will bring a shower of blessings,

For the promises are sure.

We shall reap new fields of knowledge,

We shall walk and not be faint,

If we hold our bodies sacred, Free from every evil taint;

Scourging death's destroying angel

Shall not reap where virtue stands;

And in all God's Holy Mountain,

Peace shall prosper in our hands.

Theodore E. Curtis

Photo by Courtesy D. S. Spencer, Gen. Pass. Agt., Union Pacific System, Salt Lake City

A Wonder Spot in Utah's Great Out Doors—The Cossack Guard in

Bryce Canyon, (See p. 47)

Improvement Era

1Vol. XXXI NOVEMBER, 1927 No.

Tobacco and Humanity

By L. Weston Oaks, M. D.

from the mass of literature to be found dealing withJUDGING the subject, one might be led to conclude there is virtue on both sides of the question of tobaccoism. Volumes have been produced to extol as well as to condemn it. Reading much of the matter excites one's curiosity as to the motive actuating each writer;

and one is compelled to include it, along with politics and weather predictions, in the category of subjects upon which every person, informed or otherwise, is entitled freely to express himself. Men

from many stations of life have offered written opinions and observations. Among these we find educators, physicians, inventors,

manufacturers, tobacco venders, lawmakers, ministers, novelists, poets, humorists, and even kings.

Some of this material is deserving of highest praise, because of the incentive stimulating its production; and some of it is unspeakably contemptible for the same reason. We have no condemnation

for the man who renders an honest opinion, even though it be in error; but the individual who will deliberately preach his fellows

into retrogression and mental stupefaction, that his earthly fortunes may fatten, is a felonious menace to humanity.

A desire to crystallize and make more available material of importance from these many sources is responsible for this further addition to matter already in print. All of us number among friends

we hold most dear at least a few who have become addicted to the use of this narcotic drug. Likewise, none of us would for an instant consider saying or writing anything to wound or offend their

feelings, usually sensitive upon the subject. Hence, it is understood

that whatever is offered in this paper is set forth in an earnest effort to present the truth to our boys and girls, that they may more clearly 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

understand the workings of this destroyer of mental and bodily health. Nor does any statement hereinafter set down carry a spirit

of criticism of any one's conduct; but whatever, in the nature of

example, is mentioned represents a desire to clarify, for those who may read, the somewhat intricate reactions involved. Powerful

tendrils of the tobacco habit so fasten themselves into the sensitive network of the smoker's nervous system that suddenly to uproot his narcotic habit is almost to tear him asunder, as it were. The

drug nicotine becomes so intimate a companion as actually to govern his mental balance; and the frenzied agony he suffers from its sudden interdiction cannot in any sense be appreciated by one inexperienced in its torment. Realizing this fact, the writer wishes to

repeat that this humble offering results from a desire to inform, and not in any sense to stimulate the mistaken philosophy of prohibitive suppression. However, available literature has been carefully

scrutinized in trying to sift out truth; and no apology is made for

the subject matter presented.

Here are some illuminating, timely thoughts on tobacco. The

kind of plain talk on a vital, everyday subject, which will tend justreaders among young men to think and act for themselves—not

a preachment or argument, but a readable statement full of valuable information.

It is popularly supposed that civilized man's use of tobacco extends back only to the time when America's many treasures were first discovered. There is, however, historical data to indicate that

its use in China reaches many hundreds of years beyond Columbus and his memorable voyage. The word "tobacco"is derived from an

Indian term denoting the tube or pipe in which the dried leaves were smoked. White men first cultivated the plant in Virginia in 1614,

though its moderate use by the Indian is known to go as far back as the Mound Builders, in whose caches smoking implements have usually been presented. Nicotine, an alkaloid, which is the chief

poison principle in tobacco, was named after a French diplomat,

Jean Nicot, who is said to have introduced smoking of it into France in 1530 from Spain. It was taken to Spain first from Santo Domingo.

In a comparatively short time after smoking was taken up by the elite of English society following in the wake of Sir Walter

Raleigh, King James wisely foresaw its habitforming power and set up an edict against its use. Even in that day of belief in divine right

of kings to rule, desire for their drug was stronger than respect for their sovereign; and tobacco was used freely despite threatened imprisonment and heavy fines. However, it is quite possible that human nature was the same then as now, and the very prohibition of

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 7

their using tobacco furnished strong incentive to become intimate with it.

At the present time there is a considerable uneasiness apparent, among educators of all stations, with regard to the tremendous increase of tobacco users among young boys and even girls of America. Various persons ascribe divers causes to this. Percival I. Hill,

President of the American Tobacco Company, said, in a letter to

Mr. Henry Ford

"The increase of cigarette smoking in "This tremendous popularity, which is the United States in recent years is siggrowing all the time, is possibly only benificant. In 1910, two billion six huncause millions of American men have condred thousand cigarettes were made in this vinced themselves that cigarettes are good

country. In 1913, fifteen billion eight for them."

hundred million cigarettes were made here, an increase of 700%.

Such inane stuff, with such patent intent to deceive, could possibly come from none but people whose dollar interests lie in lulling any agitation that might stimulate their dupes to think for themselves. Mr. Hill further proceeds to dub any who write against

the use of his company's product as "wellintentioned, ignorant people,""notoriety seekers"and "thrifty legislators."In the eyes of any

intelligent person who cares to investigate medical literature, this man stands convicted by his own pen of either ignorance or malicious intent to deceive. The statement that "millions of American men

have convinced themselves that cigarettes are good for them,"was surely thoughtlessly written. Certainly no man with the welfare

of American the future of our American nayouth—which means

heart could bring himself to write such a thing, with histion—at

eyes open. No man or woman with average normal intelligence

will attempt to question that the tremendous increase of tobaccoism in America represents the advent of the drug habit among millions of high school boys and thousands of high school girls. Mr.

Hill's representation that this great addition to the volume of his business betokens a conversion of "millions of American men"to the cigarette's virtues is a bald deception. His immense satisfaction

over tobacco's extending popularity is had at the expense of the mental and bodily vigor of young those almostin- America—of

fants who are as yet too inexperienced to have any conception of what this thing will do for them. Mr. Hill and his organization

should be proud of their achievement!

The science of advertising has today reached a high state of efficacy. To its standard have been called psychologists, artists,

scientists, and all others whose faculties and training can lend aid in finding means to fix human attention. Ways have been found

8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to reach and impress, sharply or constant repetigradually—through

subconscious mind. Every emotion, desire, experiencetion,—man's

and incentive influencing or bearing upon our daily lives is used in this business of selling to us both the good and the bad. As an example testifying that such is the case, direct your attention toward

the propaganda used to increase the sales of tobacco. The most insidiously insistent, and the most constantly present of all advertising

in the world is that paid for by American tobacco interests. This

material has been specially designed to appeal to the young and impressionable; and there is little wonder in the result when one

observes its nature. Seductiveness is the keynote of their whole advertising plan; and the modern business ideals of service to man

have absolutely no place in it. To get the dollar—devil

their whole objective. Than the American Tobacco interrest—is take the

ests, there has never been a greater itself bloated octopus—feeding

upon those things vital to life and joy of youth in the world.

Tobacco is a habitforming drug of the narcotic or depressant class. It takes its place, in type of action, along with opium, alcohol,

aconite and others which effect a lowering of body function. In

habitmaking power, it is stronger than alcohol, and occupies a position very near to opium. In fact so strong is its hold upon those

who have fallen under its ban that one is tempted to say, with Dr.

Lorand of Carlsbad:

"I fear that, in the face of such an overof the partial success, if this lenten sermon powering habit, my admonitions will not were to induce inveterate smokers to a be of great avail, and am far from hopeful certain degree of moderation, especially in of complete success; but I would be glad the use of strong tobacco."

Like that of alcohol, the effect of the use of tobacco extends itself into so many phases of our daily lives, as individuals, communities and nations, that any readable discussion of it must needs ignore much of importance. The thing we are most deeply interested in at this time is its effect upon the human body; but we

must perforce touch upon some matters concerning its psychologic, moral, aesthetic and social aspects as well.

Nicotine itself is a deadly poison. When extracted from the

tobacco plant it may be obtained as a clear, colorless liquid, which turns brown upon prolonged exposure to light. According to the

best authorities, two or three drops of this liquid constitute an average fatal dose for a human being, if it be taken into the stomach.

It is recorded that murders have been committed by forcing the victims to take into their mouths larger quantities. In such cases

unconsciousness is almost instantaneous and death from failure of the heart follows within five minutes.

If we speak in metric terms the fatal dose is said to be about

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 9

six milligrams of the pure alkaloid, according to Dr. Blyth in his

book Poisons. Dr. N. Asherson, who designed an apparatus

artificially to smoke cigarettes and analyzed results, says that the average cigarette contains nineteen milligrams of nicotine. That

part of the cigarette which is actually smoked yields around fourteen milligrams of the alkaloid, of which about seven milligrams enter the mouth. Smokers frequently explain to us that it is only

through inhaling that one gets much nicotine from smoking; and

that the one who merely puffs gets a very little. According to Dr.

J. P. Baumberger, writing in the Journal of Pharmacology and

Experimental Therapeutics, inhaling gives 36 milligrams and puffing 27.5 milligrams an hour. As regards the ultimate result, this

is a very small difference indeed.

It is scarcely necessary to note that much of the nicotine of a given cigarette is expelled in the exhaled smoke, so that an individual fails to retain in his body anything like the whole amount available. However, sufficient is absorbed to give the desired effect,

as is attested by all who use the drug. Especially is this true of the

novice, venturing upon the habit. His resulting nausea, vomiting,

giddiness, numbness, cold, clammy skin and rapid pulse are symptoms of acute poisoning. In his pridedriven determination to succeed as his fellows have, he repeats this process until Nature's infinite

power of establishing toleration for untoward things we come into constant contact with is invoked. Nicotine is destroyed, in the body,

mainly by the liver. If toleration is to be maintained, this great

organ, so important in elimination of the many poisons we consciously or unconsciously take into our bodies, must speed up its activity of destruction to keep pace with our willful ingestion of the drug.

As regards the amount of nicotine taken into the body from the various preparations of tobacco, it is evident that no other method of use even approaches in this particular the chewing of it.

Besides representing the most offensive practice, this also yields practically all the nicotine present in the quid used. Next in yield

comes the cigar, mainly because of its size; and the larger the cigar

smoked the more poison absorbed. Hinging upon this fact is the

insistence of physicians that their patients suffering of high blood pressure shall smoke very few cigars. Cigarettes and other smokes

furnish poison in direct proportion to the weight of their contained tobacco, other things being equal.

Though quite sufficient in itself, nicotine is not the only harmful constituent of tobacco smoke. A number of substances may be

isolated from it, chief among which are carbon monoxide, acrolein, various aldehydes such as furfural and others, and ammonia.

10 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Carbon monoxide is the chief poisonous constituent of illuminating or cooking gas used in cities. When inhaled it enters the

blood, by the way of the lungs, and forms a stable compound with the hemogoblin of the blood. Hemogoblin is that part of the red

blood cell which has for its job the carrying of oxygen from the lungs to body tissues, and the transporting of carbon dioxide from the tissue cells to the lungs where it may be eliminated. Whenever

carbon monoxide combines with some of the hemogoblin, that portion of this precious substance is permanently prevented from carrying any more oxygen or carbon dioxide, so that it must be destroyed and replaced by new. If the amount of disabled hemogoblin should

rapidly increase, as in gas poisoning, the victim's lips, ears, and later whole body, become bluish in color, due to lack of oxygen. That

carbon monoxide is a deathdealing poison is readily shown by the number of deaths occurring every year from inhalation of illuminating gas. Dr. Holland says of it that it * * * imparts an

exceedingly poisonous character to an atmosphere containing more than onetenth of one per cent; when as much as fivetenths of one

per cent is present birds are killed in three minutes."It seems certain that much of the headache, mental dullness and even nausea,

experienced by a nonsmoker who is detained for any length of time in a tobaccosmoked room, is due to the carbon monoxide present in the smoke. This gas is produced as a result of the incomplete

burning of substances comprising the cigarette, cigar or pipeload.

It cannot be eliminated, because only part combustion will yield the smoke sought; and were the materials entirely burned, the smoker's desire would be frustrated and his nerveanguish unassuaged.

Acrolein, taken alone, resembles the odor of burning grease.

Of it Mr. Thomas A. Edison says:

"It has a violent action upon nerve cenUnlike most narcotics, this degeneration is ters, producing degeneration of the cells of permanent and uncontrollable."

the brain, which is quite rapid among boys.

Of the aldehydes and their poisonous properties we have already made note in the discussion of alcohol. Needless to say, none

of them merit classification as desirable boon companions.

Tobacco has never, to any marked extent, been found useful in medicine. Some years since, there were two or three preparations

which were occasionally used by some medical men. The conditions

in which it was prescribed included dropsy, asthma, some other forms of difficult breathing, hiccough, itch, and to induce vomiting.

The value of the remedy was questionable, at best; and, as its

deadly properties became better known, it was entirely discarded by physicians.

So widespread is the exertion of tobacco's effect upon the

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 11

human body that we shall proceed by mentioning separately each group of structures affected as a unit. Following this plan, we may

consider its effect upon those mucous membranes lining the air passages, upon the lungs, the digestive system, the muscular system and its control, the heart and blood vessels, the visual apparatus, the organs of hearing, the nervous system as a whole and the mental mechanism.

Effects Upon the Mucous Membranes. 1

Tobacco smoke is alkaline in its reaction, as well as having other irritating properties which help to produce the characteristic throat of the smoker. The type of alkali is peculiar in that it is not

soothing to the membrane, as most weak bases are. Resentment of

delicate tissues against this more or less constant offense causes blood vessels in the membrane to become dilated. More or less inflammation

develops. The small mucous glands which furnish a thin secretion

to lubricate the surface are driven to greatly increased effort, in trying to wash away the irritation. Combination of these factors produces the angry, inflamed, wet appearance of the smoker's throat.

Extension of this irritation toward the larynx, or voice box, together with the contact of excessive secretions upon very sensitive tissues of that region, gives the smoker's cough, which racks the individual when he lies down at night. During sleep, a gradual accumulation

of the stringy mucus occurs in the throat. The first movement

upon awakening changes the material to a new area of membranes, not gradually dulled in its sensitiveness by the slowly increased weight of the fluid, and instantly the morning "spell"of coughing begins.

That cancer of the lips, tongue and voice box is often initiated by the chronic irritation of inveterate smoking seems an accpted fact, though there are still some few men who doubt the connection.

However, no informed person has any misgivings as to the more frequent occurrence of these dread troubles among men addicted to smoking. President U. S. Grant and Emperor Frederick, the Kaiser's

father, each died of cancer of the larynx in culmination of a life of immoderately heavy smoking. Cancer in this location is especially

deadly; and, even though discovered early in its course, few indeed

are they who survive it.

Upon the Lungs.

Naturally enough, some extension of the marked irritation from the throat into the bronchi or passages leading to the lungs will occur. Quite possibly this accounts for part of the smoker's cough-

*"A membrane—lining those canals and cavities of the body which communicate with the

external air, such as the digestive tract and its branches and the breathing passages. Dorland.

12 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing. Indeed, Dr. G. B. Webb, writing in Military Surgery, says that

physicians giving special attention to diseases of the chest have clearly recognized a cigarette bronchitis; and that the majority of cigarette smokers show it, upon examination of their lungs. Later in

his paper, Dr. Webb also makes this statement:

"Regarding the soldiers who were found Boards, the table shows a somewhat larger tuberculous by xhz author and his coper cent of nonsmokers was discharged workers in War Department Tuberculosis than of smokers."

This simply indicates that men whose lungs are free of the effects of tobacco have been shown to stand a better chance of recovering from the dread tuberculosis of the lungs, which annually slaughters so many of our American people.

Physicians in the actual practice of medicine invariably recognize that a man with tobaccosodden body is a poor risk in any acute infection of the lungs, such as pneumonia. Dr. P. K. Holmes, in

the American Journal of Public Health, states that the mortality among smokers is higher than among nonsmokers, in tuberculosis sanitoriums; and that smoking lowers resistance of mucous membranes of the lungs, thus making them more susceptible to infection.

Dr. Seaver, director of the Physical Laboratory of Yale University, tabulated the physical measurements and records of men

entering the University over a period of nine years. Summary of his

records showed, among other things, that the lung capacity of smokers averaged thirty cubic centimeters less than that of nonsmokers.

According to other observers, the decrease amounts to 9.4% of the

normal volume for such individual.

Upon the Digestive System.

Not much data is yet available concerning any specific action of tobacco upon the digestive apparatus. The most definite published material comes from Dr. T. Hayashi of Shanghai, whose experimental work strongly indicates that nicotine has a decided effect upon the stomach, at least. He has shown that injection of

minute quantities of nicotine beneath the skin of a guinea pig promptly produces an ulcer of the stomach. It is also a common

observation that smoking dulls the appetite for food, which probably means that there is a certain degree of depression of the glands which provide the digestive juices.

Of course, nausea and vomiting are always included in the picture of acute poisoning from tobacco, as almost anyone who uses the drug can testify. However, as body tolerance to it is acquired,

the insult is accepted without any particular excitement on the part of the stomach.

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 13

Effects Upon the Glands of Internal Secretion. 1

Consideration of tobacco's effect upon the glands of internal secretion must of necessity overlap the discussion of its action in other places. However, there are several points that belong here and

do not fit in elsewhere. Part of these glands are known to control

growth and normal development, of body as well as of mind; and

there is strong evidence to indicate that the failure of a young boy to attain reasonable physical and mental stature under the influence of cigarette smoke is in part, at least, due to nicotine's effect upon this system. Regarding this aspect, Dr. T. H. Barnes, writing for

the Medical Times, has the following to say:

"Between the ages of ten and eighteen, develop into a strong, vigorous man. Durboys pass through the period of greatest ing this period of greatest development, one

physical development. The bony framehas no right to do anything which will

work enlarges and becomes more compact, prevent the best use of one's physical and the muscles round out, weight increases, mental powers. Whatever hurts the body

and the body begins to show the first signs certainly has its influence on the brain;

of oncoming manhood. This is the time and if dissipation of any kind is carried

when one must be most careful, if he is to on. the body as a whole must suffer."

Certain others of this littleunderstood group of glands have to do with determining sex characteristics. While recognized evidence of tobacco damaging seriously the sexual apparatus of the

human male is meagre, there is undoubted proof of its action upon that of the female. Women who have long been addicted to smoking

undergo a coarsening of feature, with marked increase of hair upon the face. This hair, which normally is fine and usually almost unnoticeable, becomes more plentiful and less fine, approaching the

nature of the man's beard. There are also other effects, which we

shall discuss under another heading.

Acting upon the adrenals, 3 nicotine exerts an influence to increase their activity. Additional secretion from these structures has

much to do with the increased blood pressure and added load placed upon the heart, which is common among persons addicted to the use of tobacco.

Upon the Heart and Blood Vessels.

Next to the nervous system, the heart and blood vessels of man are called upon to endure and resist the most direct action of tobacco's poisoning. Being one of the most vital systems of a living

2The glands of internal secretion comprise a system of secreting bodies, the cell structure of which is similar to that of glands producing saliva and tears. However, these structures which

are placed about in different parts of the body, have no ducts to carry their secretions to the place they are to be used. From them the blood stream absorbs their products and carries them

throughout the body. The thyroid gland in the neck is a member of this group.

3A little gland located upon the upper end of each kidney. Also called "suprarenals;"

and from them comes adrenalin, a solution much used in medicine.

14 IMPROVEMENT ERA

body, the circulatory apparatus is made up of several parts, each of which is finely adjusted and minutely balanced with its fellows to accomplish the exactness of functions so necessary, if each cell of the many billions in man's body is to receive its required portion of attention at the proper instant. True, heart and blood vessels necessarily depend upon other vital auxiliary groups or systems; but

allow the heart to stop its ceaseless effort for as few as two or three minutes and life naturally ends. All other divisions of the physical

and mental structure may, and do, rest at intervals; but not so the

heart and its helpers. Given a tremendous job at best, they are

compelled to keep unfalteringly at it throughout every minute of the individual's life. Any necessary repairs must be accomplished

with the machinery going full speed. Such a mechanism seems almost supernatural; and it is indeed not strange that its component

parts should sometime wear out, even with the best of care. How

much greater, then, is the likelihood of this where the individual's carelessness subjects them to unnecessary strain or injury.

Tobacco exerts its effect upon the human heart in at least three ways: First, it directly poisons the heart muscle cells so that they

lose a certain percentage of their normal ability to do with ease the work placed upon them. Second, it acts upon the adrenal glands

to increase blood pressure slightly, thus adding to the resistance which the heart must overcome in pumping blood through the vessels.

Taken together, these mean that it decreases the heart's power of doing its work, and at the same time increases the load, making its work more difficult than normal to do. In other words, it is the

same as feeding our horse poisoned rations, then adding more burden to the wagon which we will force him to pull. Third, tobacco acts

upon the nerves which control the heart rate; and cause it to become more or less irregular in its action. Mr. W. L. Holt, in the

Journal of the American Statistical Association (192223), says that, in a study of two groups of college students, one of smokers and one of nonsmokers, it was found that sixteen per cent of the smokers had abnormal hearts. Among the nonsmokers only five

and sixtenths per cent showed such abnormality. This seems a

striking difference; and were it supported by the testimony of only

one observer, its accuracy might justly be doubted. However, all

investigators, who are looking for facts regarding this particular phase of tobacco's action, are agreed that it does markedly affect the heart.

The rate of the heart beat is affected by many things, in health.

An infant's pulse rate usually runs about 140 per minute, at birth.

As development proceeds toward adult life, gradual slowing of the pulse occurs until it strikes a normal pace for the individual. This

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 15

is usually between sixty and seventysix per minute. Excitement,

grief, physical exertion, anger and other such factors increases the heart rate. In illness it is usually decidedly more rapid, where there

is fever, or where blood pressure is either raised or much lowered from the normal level. If we take sixtyfour beats per minute as an

average normal speed, we have a heart beating 3,840 times an hour, or 92,160 times in twentyfour hours. Should we then take into

the body some drug which constantly effects an increase of only five beats per minute, we have added an extra task of 300 beats per hour, or 7,200 for each twentyfour hour day. It is a wellknown

fact in physiology that the heart muscle, into each beat or contraction, places its whole energy. There can be no halfway action ofthis organ—it either contracts with all the power it possesses at that

particular instant or it does not contract at all. Consequently, the

addition of 300 such heroic efforts to each hour of a person's life can have but one shorten the length of time over which such result—to

a heart may continue to do its work, even if no dire emergency in the form of severe illness should come along.

The use of tobacco does increase the heart rate. How many

beats faster it will go depends upon the individual vitality, temperament and state of health; but it has been estimated that the increase averages from two to ten or more contractions per minute.

Naturally, too, when we speed up the heart, we shorten proportionately the rest period of the muscle, and thereby add another factor to the already great number tending to wear out this most vital organ.

To sum up then, we have a poisoned muscle forced to do more than normal work with lessened time for rest and nutrition. Is it

any wonder that the cigarette smoker's heart gives way under sudden strain, leaving him drawn and pale, with staring eyes and struggling fanatically for sufficient air to oxygenate his longabused blood stream? The great marvel is that it happens so seldom, except that a smoker's nervous system is so affected as to make him less

anxious for any undue exertion.

Dr. P. K. Holmes, in The American Journal of Public Health,

remarks that the use of cigarettes has increased seven hundred percent in the United States, in the course of the last fortyfive years.

During that period, he states, diseases of the heart and blood vessels, such as apoplexy ("strokes") and Bright's disease have grown much more common. In fact, these conditions, together with hardening

of the arteries, are more prevalent among American men between fortyfive and sixty years of age than in any other race in the civilized world. So many more men than women are affected by those

diseases that thinking people are beginning to ask if there is not some conection with the immoderate use of tobacco.

1 IMPROVEMENT ERA

To quote Dr. Lorand again:

"Tobacco exerts a very harmful intype of this condition, that which involves fluence upon the condition of the blood hardening of the coronary"arteries, supto a plying blood to the heart muscle and whichvessels, both in animals—according

in results so exceedingly often in sudden, preseries of investigation in them—and

man. Perhaps even more1 than alcohol, it mature death, is commonest among heavy

is, next to syphilis, the most frequent smokers, particularly if syphilis has precause of arteriosclerosis. 5 The most serious viously been present."

During our recent World War, great enthusiasm was shown by many wellmeaning ladies'organizations in America, in sending veritable shiploads of cigarettes to our soldiers overseas. Being

under tremendous strain of anxiety and uncertainty, the American soldier consumed these furnished smokes at a terrific pace. As a

direct result of this circumstance, it was necessary to establish a special hospital camp to care for hundreds of tobacco heart cases, due to excessive smoking. Disabled and unfit for service, these men

were sent to the hospital and their smoking restricted, which resulted in prompt recovery and return to the front.

In certain sections, especially of the South, a great deal of "Copenhagen"snuff is used. This is pulverized tobacco; and is pernicious in its effects, being used by young as well as old. According

to Dr. J. A. Heilscher, in the Saint Paul Medical Journal, this produces a type of heart trouble in which there occurs palpitation or

discomfort especially when lying down, increased blood pressure, and shortness of breath. The heart sounds of such a person are harsh and

abnormal; and upon exertion, there is decided evidence of leakage of

blood through the closed valves. Headache, dizziness, loss of appetite and trembling of the hands are common among snuff users.

In summarizing the action of tobacco upon the heart and vessels,

Dr. A. E. Gibson, in the Medical Standard, of Chicago, says:

"The ring of potency, the flush of the heart, which, like a muffled drum is power, the buoyancy of freedom is lost to beating funeral marches to the grave."

Tobacco and Human Sight.

Tobacco's ability to impair human sight was long debated.

Some men maintained that the peculiar loss of vision observed in certain smokers was due to some other factor. However, it is now

commonly recognized that there is a form of blindness due wholly to man's addiction to this drug. To say that it, even in a slight

degree, attacks all smokers, or even all who smoke heavily, were not

'Syphilis is the most terrible of all venereal diseases.

'Arteriosclerosis means hardening and degeneration of the arteries, large and small.

'The coronary arteries are those which carry blood to the heart muscle itself; and are the

only source of its nutrition.

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 17

to tell the truth; but certainly all who use tobacco in any form in any

degree are liable to loss of vision. Nor is it limited to the smoker

alone; but is found among the users of snuff and those who chew

tobacco.

For some singular reason, this form of vision loss is scarcely known in Turkey and Spain, where tobacco is smoked in tremendous quantities; but in North America it is rather frequently met with.

This is probably a question of race susceptibility.

Affection of the eyes by tobacco takes two forms, one acute and rapid in occurrence, the other slowly appearing and chronic in nature. The acute form is likely to appear after a smoking debauch

in a person who has not formerly smoked heavily. It is not uncommon among young women who adopt smoking, and as in other

things, take to it with amazing immoderation. In this type of affection there is almost total blindness, coming on over night. Separation of such an individual from the drug, together with measures

for elimination of absorbed poison, usually results in return of vision after only a few days. Should such a person fail to refrain from

tobacco thereafter, she is a good prospect for the chronic form. The

second type of blindness affects only that part of the eye having to do with most acute vision, or, as it is called medically, central vision. The minute macula, or yellow spot, of each retina is the most

highly developed portion of that extremely delicate structure; and

with it alone are we able to see the object we look directly at. Other

elements of the retina surrounding this are concerned with more gross vision, or the seeing rather indefinitely of objects circumferential to that upon which we, for the moment, fix our attention. In other

words, if one looks at a pencil lying upon the table, one sees minute details of the pencil; but, while looking directly at it, is able to observe very little of the exact properties of a book at one side, or of

a letter upon the opposite side of the pencil.

As nicotine first manifests itself upon the nerves of vision, there is a loss of the ability to tell accurately the color of an object looked at, unless it be so large as to extend outside the field of central vision. With such disability, all too often unsuspected, a

locomotive engineer does not recognize the red signal light, and carries his train swiftly into disaster. Dr. Edward Jackson, than

whom there is no more scholarly authority upon matters of vision, says this condition, which may come on within a few days after the eyes have been tested and found normal, undoubtedly accounts for some of the accidents where trainmen have failed to obey signals.

The earliest evidence to the individual of his trouble is the appearance of a little cloud over any small thing he looks directly at. This is nearly always present in both eyes, though it is said

18 IMPROVEMENT ERA

frequently to be worse in one than in the other. Such a person is

at once unfitted for such work as is done by draftsman, bookkeeper, artist, machinist, editor, dentist, surgeon, or any other work whose duties require accurate vision. As time goes on the cloud grows

larger, until it covers so much of the visual field that the individual is entirely disabled from any kind of effort except the most gross, in which he can almost feel his way. This does not mean total blindness, however. Such an individual may get about with ease, and

may remove himself from the path of any danger coming from either side; but for all that he is industrially blind!

Upon reading this, many will no doubt remark that, among the hundreds whom they personally associate with who use tobacco they have never found one such case. This may be quite

true. It is a generally recognized fact that drug action varies within extremely wide limits, upon different individuals. There are

many who might literally smoke themselves to death, and not experience this destruction of vision. Upon the other hand, it is well

known that as little as one ounce of tobacco used per week will bring on blindness in other persons. For some reason, this condition is not usually found in early life; but comes on later. Dr.

Edward Jackson, in his little pamphlet from the Conservation of

Vision Series of the American Medical Association, entitled How

Whiskey, Tobacco and Drugs Affect the Eyes, remarks:

"The patient's age has an important half before the trouble with seeing beinfluence in causing such blindness. The gins. Apparently with age the power of

great majority of cases occur in men over the optic nerve to resist the poison be forty years old. They may have smoked comes less.—When this failure of vision

or used tobacco from boyhood and never occurs before the age of forty, the general have had the sight affected by it. They health has mostly been impaired, either by

may not at the time be using any more excessive use of tobacco, or alcohol 'stimuthan they have used for years; or may even lants,'or by other excesses."

have reduced the amount as much as oneWhile it is undeniably true that hundreds of persons smoke throughout life without ever having their vision impaired, it is also certain that there is no mortal way of determining to which ones of a given group the lot may fall. Man, and especially youthful man, is always ready to take certain risks and defy the caprice

of Fate; but when he finds himself enmeshed in unexpected misfortune which may make of his life an unsalvagable wreck, he is

usually inclined to bemoan the punishment of an "unjust God"instead of placing the blame upon his own ignorant carelessness.

As to the remedy for tobacco amblyopia, as this form of blindness is called, there is only one in the early stages, and in the more advanced none. If the victim of such trouble stop his use of tobacco

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 19

as soon as he finds his eyes being troubled, his vision will probably return to normal. Should he be so fortunate, he must for

all time forswear tobacco; because any further use of the drug will

bring on actual degeneration of those particular fibres of the nerves of vision and their replacement by scar tissue.

Effect Upon Hearing.

Just what tobacco does to the nerves of hearing, is as yet little understood, and is at present the subject of experiments being carried on by some most able men. Dr. Otto Glogau, of New York

City, in a recent paper, reported observations pointing conclusively to the fact that nicotine poisoning leads to hearing defects and vertigo or dizziness. These conclusions are borne out by the daily

experiences of specialists in diseases of the ear who attempt to treat deafness. In fact they know full well they can do little for impaired hearing in the smoker until he has completely abandoned his

use of the drug.

In the realm of discomforts not actually classed as pain, there are indeed few things so annoying and distracting as noises in tht head or in the ears. The condition is the more terrible, in that it

is always worse during the quiet hours when the affected one would compose himself to rest. Many observers have noted that, in people addicted to the use of tobacco, this is likely to be due to nicotine

poisoning, granting, of course, that it might come from other causes, as it does in the nonsmoker.

(Concluded in December number)

No Tragedy Save in Sin

With your shoulders bowed and your heart grown numb.

O Boy, in your first dismay!

You wonder: O why should such grief come,

To darkle your springtime day?

I hold you close as the tide sweeps in,

But there is no tradegy save in sin!

Your eyes search mine for enlightenment.

O Boy, in your crushed romance!

And I wonder, too, why the innocent

Must battle with circumstance;

But I know, as I scan your soul within.

There is no tragedy save in sin

In the welter of doubt your senses reel,

O Boy, in your early woe!

But your deanspun life is its own appeal.

And of this, my dear, I know You mount through sorrow, and. Boy. you win

There is no tragedy save in sin!

Mesa, Arizona. BERTHA A. K.LEINMAN.

Alma Speaks to the Twentieth Century

Elder John A. Widtsoe, of the Council of the Twelve

figures move upon the pages of the Book of MorMEROIC mon. Lives of mighty leaders connect the records of the

centuries. Simply and directly, these characters are pictured

as human beings, frail or powerful, faulty or wellnigh perfect. As

their labors are recounted, the fascinating story of Book of Mormon times and people is unfolded.

Among Book of Mormon characters, Alma, the son of Alma, stands out with unusual distinctness. More than twothirds of the

Book of Alma (which covers 162 of the 522 pages of the Book of Mormon), are devoted to the life, labors and teachings of Alma.

Only a man of unusual importance would justify so much space.

Indeed, so universal was Alma's character, that his life story carries over living lessons into our day. He might be an ideal of this

modern age.

I Alma the younger was the son of the first Alma. Of his childhood and early youth nothing is said. We hear of him first in

his young manhood, about one hundred years before Christ. He

is then thrown abruptly upon the screen of history as "a very wicked and idolatrous man."Apparently, he was not content with quiet

unbelief, but went about with a group of likeminded companions, actually "seeking to destroy the Church and to lead astray the people of the Lord."Alma's gifts of leadership and convincing personality

were evident from his youth, for "he was a man of many words, and did speak much flattery to the people; therefore he led many

of the people to do after the manner of his iniquities."It is not

a pretty picture: a headstrong and rebellious son attempting to

destroy that for which a righteous father had labored all his life.

While Alma was engaged in his unholy endeavor, in the heyday of it, the Lord reached out for him. An angel appeared amidst

the trembling of the earth and with a voice of thunder bore witness to him and to his associates of the existence, power and authority of God, and of the ultimate triumph of God's holy purposes.

This experience was convincing. At once, Alma turned from

wickedness to righteousness. "For,"said he, "I have repented of

my sins and have been redeemed of the Lord; behold, I am born

ALMA SPEAKS TO THE TWENTIETH CENTURY 21

of the spirit."Never again did he waver in his fidelity to the cause

of God; his whole life became dedicated to the furtherance of the

plan of salvation. From this time he stands as one of the greatest

prophets of Nephite days.

The willingness to accept and obey convincing truth illustrates a fundamental trait of Alma's character. We do not know by what

process of living and thinking he gave his early youth to wantonness, but we do know that when his eyes were opened, he repented of his sins and turned to lifelong righteousness.

He recalled the days of his wicked youth with intense sorrow.

In his old age, speaking to his son Helaman, he recounted the deeds of his early years, and told of his bitter regret that he had ever been in the bondage of Satan. In his own words, when he thought

of his sin, "There could be nothing so exquisite as my pains.""Behold, I say unto you, wickedness was never happiness."Down the

years comes Alma's warning to keep from sin.

At the same time he described the exceeding great joy that came by his repentance from evil. "There can be nothing so exquisite and

sweet as was my joy.""My soul hath been redeemed from the gall

of bitterness and bonds of iniquity. I was in the darkest abyss;

but now I behold the marvelous light of God."

Full of such faith and repentance, with willingness and in humility, Alma set forth to win souls for God.

II From the day of his conversion, Alma grew in righteousness.

So firm were his convictions and so excellent his labors that positions of trust were conferred upon him. He was made the custodian of

the plates upon which the record of Lehi's people was engraved.

Then, his father ordained him to the office of chief high priest apparently equivalent to the presidency of the Church. In his

mature manhood he stood as the spiritual leader of his people.

Moreover, civil positions sought him out. King Mosiah, before his death, advised the people to be ruled by judges, rather than

by kings, and advanced such cogent reasons that the people were convinced. When the righteous King Mosiah died, the people called

Alma, the chief high priest, to become their first judge.

As judge, Alma ruled with wisdom, ever obedient to the whisperings of the Spirit of the Lord. He was a man of peace; but insisted that righteousness must prevail. He was no mollycoddle.

When the Amlicites or Lamanites made war upon the Nephites,

Alma as chief judge led the armies into battle. When the enemy

were defeated, Alma pursued them and made them sue for mercy.

He was great as judge, and successful as general. Under his leadership, the Nephites prospered exceedingly.

22 IMPROVEMENT ERA

III

The prosperity of the Nephites led to worldly pride. Wickedness began to creep in among the people. The rich began to look

down upon the poor. Inequalities were established among the

members of the Church. These conditions which are contrary to

the spirit of the gospel, grieved Alma and led him to lay down the office of chief judge, so that he might devote himself more fully to his duties as chief high priest. After eight years of service.

Alma delivered up the judgment seat to Nephihah and confined himself wholly to "the high priesthood of the holy order of God, to the testimony of the word according to the spirit of revelation and prophecy."Thenceforth, until his old age, Alma gave himself wholly to the upbuilding of the Church. During his judgeship he had supervised the Church with care, and had organized it everywhere with

"teachers, priests and elders."Now he went personally in a mighty

missionary campaign from city to village, from village to city, throughout the whole extent of the land, "delivering the word of God unto the people,"and setting the Church in order. Since

the work was great, others were sent into other parts of the land, so that all might have the truth taught unto them. The story of

this reform movement forms perhaps the most interesting part of the Book of Alma. In some places he won great success, as in the

land of Melek; in other places he was cast out, as in Ammonihah.

Nothing daunted he met success or temporary failure with faith and courage. He was on the Lord's errand. "For I am called to

speak after this manner, according to the holy order of God, which is the Christ Jesus; yea, I am commanded to stand and testify unto

this people the things which have been spoken by our fathers concerning the things which are to come."Marvelous spiritual

demonstrations came to him during his long ministry. Angels

waited upon him. Foes were often made his friends. He walked

unscathed among his enemies. By the power of the Priesthood he

compelled obedience from the wicked. His fame went abroad; the

faithful loved him even as the wicked feared him. In all this he

was assisted by the preparatory Spirit of the Lord. "And there

was no inequality among them; the Lord did pour out his Spirit

on all the face of the land to prepare the minds of the children of men, or to prepare their hearts to receive the word which should betaught among them at the time of his coming—

His whole being was immersed in his mission. In his own

words, "O that I were an angel, and could have the wish of mine heart, that I might go forth and speak with the trump of God, with a voice to shake the earth, and cry repentance unto every peoALMA SPEAKS TO THE TWENTIETH CENTURY 23

pie! Yea, I would declare unto every soul, as with the voice of

thunder, repentance and the plan of redemption, that they should repent and come unto our God, that there might not be more sorrow upon all the face of the earth.''And his joy in the saving of souls

was great! "And we have suffered all manner of afflictions, and

all this, that perhaps we might be the means of saving some soul;

and we supposed that our joy would be full if perhaps we could be the means of saving some."

IV The error of priestcraft was one of the first that Alma had to combat. Selfseeking men had taught the people that a special

paid priesthood class should be maintained. Those who continued

to "impart the word of God, one with another, without money and without price"were subjected to much persecution from these imposters. An easy religion was offered the people. The promise

was made that all would be saved irrespective of their deeds. It

was an alluring doctrine. All manner of other false doctrine was

also taught. When these exponents of priestcraft were rebuked they

claimed exemption under the law of religious freedom which prevailed among the Nephites. They pretended to preach only "according to their belief."

These false teachers often denied the existence of God, or so defined God as to make him incomprehensible to the human mind.

To the correction of this grievous error, Alma addressed himself with all his might. Wherever he went he taught the existence of

God, and his true relationship to man. At one time, one Korihor,

known as antiChrist, a persuasive speaker, began to preach atheism to the people, and made many doubt the existence of a supreme Being.

When Alma undertook to turn him from this evil work, Korihor demanded evidence of God's existence in the form of a sign. It

was then that Alma declared, "Thou hast had signs enough; will

ye tempt your God? Will ye say, Show unto me a sign, when

ye have the testimony of all these thy brethren, and also all the holy prophets? The scriptures are laid before thee, yea, and all things

denote there is a God; yea, even the earth, and all things that are

upon the face of it, yea, and its motion, yea, and also all the planets which move in their regular form do witness that there is a Supreme

Creator."When Korihor still demanded a sign, he was struck

dumb and remained without power of speech until his death. Such

demonstrations of divine power accompanied Alma in his ministry.

The doctrine of the preexistence of man was clearly taught by

Alma. "And this is the manner after which they were ordained

called and prepared from the foundation of the world ac-—being

cording to the foreknowledge of God, on account of their exceeding 24 IMPROVEMENT ERA

faith and good words; in the first place being left to choose good

or evil; therefore they having chosen good, and exercising exceeding great faith, are called with a holy calling, yea, with that holy

calling which was prepared with, and according to, a preparatory redemption for such."He set forth the truths relative to God and

the origin of man which give comfort to human hearts.

V Alma rose to the height of fervor whenever he testified of the mission of the Christ who was to come. From the time of his conversion he bore powerful witness to the place of Jesus Christ in the

plan of salvation.,With prophetic vision he foretold the coming

of the Savior. "I say unto you, that I know of myself that whatsoever I shall say unto you, concerning that which is come, is true;

and I say unto you, that I know that Jesus Christ shall come, yea, the Son, the Only Begotten of the Father, full of grace, and mercy, and truth. And behold, it is he that cometh to take away the

sins of the world, yea, the sins of every man who steadfastly believeth on his name."

Likewise, he taught clearly that faith in Jesus Christ and obedience to his law are indispensable to salvation. The Nephites

lived at that time under the law of Moses, and he clearly differentiated between this law and the law of Christ. "Yea, and they

did keep the law of Moses; for it was expedient that they should keep

the law of Moses as yet, for it was not all fulfilled. But notwithstanding the law of Moses, they did look forward to the coming of

Christ, considering that the law of Moses was a type of his coming, and believing that they must keep those outward performances until the time that he should be revealed unto them."

Then in clear and eloquent language he explained the effect of the atonement upon mankind:

"For it is expedient that an atonement which it is expedient should be made, should be made; for according to the great For it is expedient that there should be

plan of the Eternal God there must be an a great and last sacrifice; yea, not a sacatonement made, or else all mankind must rifice of man, neither of beast, neither of

unavoidably perish; yea, all are hardened; any manner of fowl; for it shall not be

yea, all are fallen and are lost, and must a human sacrifice; but it must be an inperish except it be through the atonement finite and eternal sacrifice."

Thus, Alma taught Jesus Christ from place to place, even as is needed in our day.

VI Much of Alma's preaching was devoted to the plan of redemption, "prepared from the foundation of the world,"by which huALMA SPEAKS TO THE TWENTIETH CENTURY 25

manity may win happiness on earth and salvation in the hereafter.

Especially did he dwell upon the conditions of salvation: Faith,

repentance, baptism and obedience to all the requirements of the gospel. Listen to his teachings:

"I say unto you, ye will know at that the Spirit: Repent, all ye ends of the

day that ye cannot be saved; for there can earth, for the kingdom of heaven is soon

no man be saved except his garments are at hand; yea, the Son of God cometh

washed white; yea, his garments must be in his glory, in his might, majesty, power,

purified until they are cleansed from all and dominion. Yea, my beloved brethren,

stain, through the blood of him of whom I say unto you, that the Spirit saith: Beit has been spoken by our fathers, who hold the glory of the King of all the earth:

should come to redeem his people from and also the King 5f heaven shall very soon their sins."shine forth among all the children of men.

"Have ye walked, keeping yourselves I speak by way of command unto you tha blameless before God? Could ye say, if belong to the church; and unto those who

ye were called to die at this time, within do not belong to the church I speak by yourselves, that ye have been sufficiently way of invitation, saying: Come and be

humble? That your garments have been baptized unto repentance, that ye also may

cleansed and made white through the blood be partakers of the fruit of the tree of of Christ, who will come to redeem his life."

people from their sins. Yea, thus saith

He urged humility upon the people and warned them against disobedience. Obedience he declared will bring blessings, "Inasmuch

as ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall prosper in the land;"

but disobedience will canker the soul, especially of a people who "have been once enlightened by the Spirit of God"for when they fall away "they become more hardened,"and thus their state becomes worse than though they had never known such things. "O rememstrict are the commandments of God."Yetber, O remember—how

how easy is obedience. "For behold, it is easy to give heed to the

word of Christ, which will point to you a straight course to eternal bliss, as it was for our fathers to give heed to this compass, which would point unto them a straight course to the promised land."

As for himself, he rejoiced in obedience. "I know that which

the Lord hath commanded me, and I glory in it. I do not glory of

myself, but I glory in that which the Lord hath commanded me;

yea, and this is my glory, that perhaps I may be an instrument in the hands of God to bring some soul to repentance; and this is

my joy."The false doctrine had gone abroad that the fall of our first parents, Adam and Eve, was not a part of the plan of redemption.

This he corrected, and explained the fall with great clearness. "For

behold, if Adam had put forth his hand immediately, and partaken of the tree of life, he would have lived forever, according to the word of God, having no space for repentance; yea, and also the word of

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA

God would have been void, and the great plan of salvation would have been frustrated."

So, step by step he explained the principles and ordinances of the gospel. No wonder, with such a spirit and with true doctrines,

he worked a marvelous reformation among the people.

Acceptance of the gospel must be made, however, without compulsion. Conversion must come from within. "Therefore, blessed

are they who humble themselves without being compelled to be humble; or rather, in other words, blessed is he that believeth in

the word of God, and is baptized without stubbornness of heart."

VII

Great teacher as he was, Alma focused his teachings upon the duties and opportunities of daily life. Our conduct he declared

depends on our understanding of the purpose of life. Therefore, frequent references to the meaning of life are found in the Book of

Alma. Upon one occasion he said, "Now is the time and the day

of your salvation; and therefore, if ye will repent and harden not

your hearts, immediately shall the great plan of redemption be brought about unto you.""For behold, this life is the time for men

to prepare to meet God; yea, behold the day of this life is the day

for men to perform their labors."

He taught an everyday religion. That is, there was no attempt to put off the day of salvation to some future time. Every

day may contribute to our preparation for our high destiny. How

greatly that message is needed in our day!

In his earnest attempts to improve the lives of the people, he urged upon them the necessity of faith, the higher and surer knowledge. Such faith may be won by prayer and obedience. Prayer

especially did he urge upon his hearers as a protection against sin.

He, himself, "wrestled with God in mighty prayer,"and he admonished all:

"But that ye would humble yourselves sive, patient, full of love and all longbefore the Lord, and call on his holy name, suffering; having faith on the Lord; havand watch and pray continually, that ye ing a hope that ye shall receive eternal

may not be tempted above that which ye fife; having the love of God always in

can bear, and thus be led by the Holy your hearts, that ye may be lifted up at th:

Spirit, becoming humble, meek, submislast day and enter into his rest."Alma 13:

A person who is in touch with God will not be easily misled for he knows that "whatsoever is good cometh from God, and whatsoever is evil cometh from the devil."The Holy Spirit will teach

him since "a portion of that spirit dwelleth in me, which giveth me knowledge, and also power according to my faith and desires which are in God."A man who is thus guided by the Holy Spirit

ALMA SPEAKS TO THE TWENTIETH CENTURY 17

is not deceived by the devil, who often appears to the unwary in the form of an angel. The inspiration of the Holy Spirit comes to

men, women and children. Under its influence even children are

given words that "confound the wise and the learned."

The little things of life often lead to great results. "Now ye

may suppose that this is foolishness in men; but behold I say unto

you, that by small and simple things are great things brought to pass; and small means in many instances doth confound the

wise."Alma warned against following false traditions;

he urged independent and full acceptance of truth; he called attention to the danger of careless speech, "For our words will condemn

us;"and pleaded with the people to meet often together in "fasting

and mighty prayer."Honesty, charity, and all the simple virtues

were enjoined upon the Church. Of charity he said, "If ye do not

remember to be charitable ye are as dross, which the refiners cast out."He warned against sloth and indifference to the needs of life.

To his sons he gave advice that summarized his life's teachings. Among the sublime words spoken to his son Helaman are

the following:

"O, remember, my son, and learn wisCounsel with the Lord in all thy doings, dom in thy youth; yea, learn in thy youth and he will direct thee for good; yea,

to keep the commandments of God. Yea, when thou liest down at night lie down

and cry unto God for all thy support; unto the Lord, that he may watch over

yea. let all thy doings be unto the Lord, you in your sleep; and when thou risest

and whithersoever thou goest let it be in in the morning let thy heart be full of the Lord; yea, let thy thoughts be directed thanks unto God; and if ye do these things,

unto the Lord; yea, let the affections of ye shall be lifted up at the last day."

thy heart be placed upon the Lord forever. Alma 3 7:3537.

To all did he hold out the hope of conquest in the midst of temptation and trial. "And now, O my son Helaman, behold, thou

art in thy youth, and therefore, I beseech of thee that thou wilt hear my words and learn of me; for I do know that whosoever shall put

their trust in God shall be supported in their trials, and their troubles, and their afflictions, and shall be lifted up at the last day."

A nation hearkening to such teachings must of necessity grow in spiritual and temporal power, even as the Nephites did in the days of Alma.

VIII Alma had been ordained to the priesthood of God. As chief

high priest he presided over the Church. The authority and power

of the priesthood he conferred in turn upon others. The Church

of Alma's day possessed the priesthood in its several degrees. The

importance, holiness and eternal nature of the priesthood were taught in unexcelled plainness.

28 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Alma always spoke of the priesthood that he held as "of the holy order of God."It was not manmade authority. "This high

priesthood being after the order of his Son, which order was from the foundation of the world; or in other words, being without beginning of days or end of years, being prepared from eternity to all

eternity, according to his foreknowledge of all things "Now they were ordained after thi ginning or end—Thus they become high

calling. priests forever, after the order of the Son.manner—being called with a holy

and ordained with a holy ordinance, and the Only Begotten of the Father, who s taking upon them the high priesthood of without beginning of days or end of years, the holy order, which calling, and ordiwho is full of grace, equity, and truth."

nance, and high priesthood, is without beAlma 13:7-9.

Those who chose good and exercised great faith, who were exceedingly repentant and worked righteousness, were called to the holy calling of the priesthood. The members of the priesthood

of Alma's day were of great purity and holiness. They "could not

look upon sin save it were with abhorrence; and there were many, exceeding great many, who were made pure and entered into the rest

of the Lord their God."

The purpose of the priesthood has been from the beginning to expound the law of God, faith on the Lord Jesus Christ, repentance from sin, and obedience to the requirements of the gospel.

This is illustrated in the case of Melchizedek who "was a king over the land of Salem; and his people had waxed strong in iniquity and

abomination; yea, they had all gone astray; they were full of all

manner of wickedness;

"But Melchizedek having exercised prince of peace, for he was the king o'mighty faith, and received the office of the Salem; and he did reign under his father

high priesthood according to the holy order Now, there were many before him, and of God. did preach repentance unto his also there were many afterwards, but none

people. And behold, they did repent; and were greater; therefore, of him they have

Melchizedek did establish peace in the land more particularly made mention."—Alma

in his days; therefore he was called the 13:1719.

Those who receive the priesthood may by righteous living receive an abundant knowledge of the will of socalled God—the

mysteries "And now Alma began to expound yea, unto such it shall be given to reveal these things unto him saying: Yea, he things which never have been revealed:

that repenteth and exerciseth faith, and yea, and it shall be given unto such to bring bringeth forth good works, and prayeth thousands of souls to repentance, even as it it has been given unto us to bring these ourcontinually without ceasing—unto such

is given to know the mysteries of God: brethren to repentance."—Alma 26:22.

By the power of the priesthood many great miracles were wrought in Alma's day; the sick were healed; the captive set free,

and angels often waited upon the faithful.

ALMA SPEAKS TO THE TWENTIETH CENTURY 29

The teachings of Alma were many. Only a few can be sketched

in this writing.

IX While Alma sought the temporal welfare of the people, and indeed made them very prosperous, he never failed to point out the eternal nature of man, and the necessity of preparing properly for the life beyond the grave. The reality of the resurrection, through

the atonement of Jesus Christ, was unquestioned by him. "Now

there is a death which is called a temporal death; and the death of

Christ shall loose the bands of this temporal death, that all shall be raised from this temporal death."

"I say unto you that this mortal body uniting with their bodies, never to be diis raised to an immortal body, that is from vided; thus the whole becoming spiritual

death, even from the first death unto life, and immortal, that they can no more see that they can die no more; their spirits corruption."(Alma 11:4245.)

The resurrection, however, was not begun until after the coming of Christ.

"Behold, I say unto you, that there is "Now, whether there shall be one time,

I would say, in other or a second time, or a third time, thatno resurrection—or,

words, that this mortal does not put on men shall come forth from the dead, it immortality, this corruption does not put mattereth not; for God knoweth all these

things; and it sufficeth me to know thaton incorruption—until after the coming of

is a time apChrist."this is the case—that there

"Behold, there is a time appointed that pointed that all shall rise from the dead."

all shall come forth from the dead. Now "And when the time cometh when all

when this time cometh no one knows; shall rise, then shall they know that God

but God knoweth the time which is apknoweth all the times which are appointed pointed. unto man."—Alma 40:2-10.

In that coming life, the condition of men will be in accordance with their works. A just judgment will be passed upon all.

"Therefore, prepare ye the way of the to his desires of happiness, or good acLord, for the time is at hand that all men cording to his desires of good; and the

shall reap a reward of their works, accordother to evil according to his desires of if they evil; for as he has desired to do evil alling to that which they have been—

have been righteous they shall reap the the day long even so shall he have his salvation of their souls, according to the reward of evil when the night cometh.

power and deliverance of Jesus Christ; And so it is on the other hand. If he

and if they have been evil they shall reap hath repented of his sins, and desired rightthe damnation of their souls, according to eousness until the end of his days, even so the power and captivation of the devil. he shall be rewarded unto righteousness.

And it is requisite with the justice of God "These are they that are redeemed of that men should be judged according to the Lord; yea, these are they that are

their works; and if their works wer; good taken out, that are delivered from that

in this life, and the desires of their hearts endless night of darkness; and thus they

were good, that they should also, at th? last stand or fall; for behold, they are their

day be restored unto that which is good. own judges, whether to do good or do

The one raised to happiness according evil."

30 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The destiny of the righteous will be glorious; but fearful will

be the fate of the wicked.

Alma warned against the abominable sins:

"For behold, if ye deny the Holy Ghost knowledge of God, it is not easy for him when it once has had place in you, and to obtain forgiveness; yea, I say unto you

ye know that ye deny it, behold, this is my son, that it is not easy for him to ob a sin which is unpardonable; yea, and tain a forgiveness."(Alma 39:6.)

whosoever murdereth against the light and

Sexual sin was placed as the "most abominable above all sins, save it be the shedding of innocent blood or denying the Holy

Ghost."Thus Alma connected the preexistent state of man with his present day and his coming existence, and showed that they are as one life under the gospel of Jesus Christ. What was done yesterday

will affect today; and todav's events will determine tomorrow's

life. X The recorded history of Alma's life covers only about twentyseven years. How old he was at the time of his conversion is not

known, but the context would indicate that he was a mature man, already widely known among the people. About nine years after

his conversion, he was made chief high priest, and a little later the first chief Nephite judge. He remained as chief judge eight years. The

following ten years were devoted to unceasing missionary labors.

The story of this decade of missionary work includes the powerful discourses of Alma and his fellow workers, the sons of Mosiah and others; the journeyings to and fro of these valiant servants

of the Lord; the successes and the failures of their call to repentance;

and the accounts of the constant warfare between the Nephites and the Lamanites. It was a restless period. The spirit of evil, as well

as of good, was among the people. The Book of Alma is an interesting and a stirring book.

In the year 73 B. C. Alma prepared for the end of his earthmission. The holy records, placed in his hands by his father, he

entrusted to his son Helaman. He gave commandments to his sons

Helaman, Shiblon and Corianton, which were indeed farewell messages to the whole church. He assured his sons that "whosoever

shall put their trust in God shall be supported in their trials and their troubles and their affliction, and shall be lifted up at the last day."

He declared that, "Yea, and from that time even until now, I have labored without ceasing, that I might bring souls unto repentance;

that I might bring them to taste of the exceeding joy of which I did taste; that they might also be born of God, and be filled with the

Holy Ghost."The fight that he had made against wickedness had

ALMA SPEAKS TO THE TWENTIETH CENTURY 31

not depressed him. He knew that the purposes of the Almighty can

not be frustrated. "And I know that he will raise me up at the last

day, to dwell with him in glory; yea, and I will praise him forever."

Then, having set his house in order, he blessed his sons, "also the earth for the righteous'sake"and "he blessed the Church, yea, all those who should stand fast in the faith from that time henceforth."

"And when Alma had done this he by the Spirit, or buried by the hand of departed out of the land of Zarahemla. as the Lord, even as Moses. But behold, the

if to go into the land of Melek. And it scriptures saith the Lord took Moses unto

came to pass that he was never heard of himself; and we suppose that he has also

more; as to his death or burial we know received Alma in the spirit, unto himself;

not of. Behold, this we know, that he therefore, for this cause we know nothing

was a righteous man: and the saying went concerning his death and burial."—Alma

abroad in the church that he was taken up 46:18, 19.

Thus passed out of human knowledge one of the greatest of the prophets. XI As one reads the Book of Alma and ponders upon its lesson, there comes the feeling that this present day, with its immeasurably changed material conditions has need of Alma's teachings. All that

he taught may be applied to our day.

It is always so with spiritual truth. It is universal. The

principles of the gospel are as useful behind an oxteam as upon a steamer deck. It is well to remember that material achievements do

not change spiritual needs.

This is a Book of Mormon year. One hundred years have

passed since the Prophet received the plates from which the Book was translated. Let us read and enjoy the Nephite record; it is

filled with stirring history and eternal truth.

The Observant Man He has just learned to live when in old age

He turns the leaf beyond ten and three score.

And makes his record on another page,

And sees the future that lies just before.

Complacency brings now the greater cheer:

Serenity, the calm of love and peace:

And charity, for all mankind held dear.

Brings tenure of life's solace to release

The action of a welLspring of goodwill

The urge to labor in the holy cause

Of aiding all mankind—end thus fulfil

The noble altruism of all just laws.

And for life's lessons he has cause to bless

The Giver of all good in righteousness.

Mauivood, Calif. JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND.

Child Training and Tobacco

By Charles M. Fillmore, General Secretary of the

NoTobacco League of America a profoundly simple thing is life! The destiny ofWHATthe race slumbers in the soul of childhood. The mighty

Moses of the Red Sea and Sinai was cradled in an ark of bulrushes on the bosom of the Nile. The Matchless MasterTeacher

of the Mount of Transfiguration, of Olivet, of Calvary, was born as a babe in Bethlehem. Who can fathom the greatness implicit

in the least of these little ones!

Herbert Hoover wrote President Coolidge, "We in America are far behind what a national conscience should demand for the public protection of our children."Look out for your little ones,

O land of liberty! The hope of our nation is not in congress but

in the kindergarten.

A Moses was born this morning. Where? God knows. A

Pharaoh is plotting his death. Are you an Egyptian or an Israelite,

indeed? "Unto us is born this day, in the city of David, a Savior."

Herod seeketh his life. Are you among the friends or the foes of

childhood?

The malignant spirit of Pharaoh and Herod and satan (his name is Legion) persists through the ages and dwells today in the traffickers in tobacco. Again we quote from that great lover and

benefactor of children, Herbert Hoover. He says, "There is no

agency in the world today that is so seriously affecting the health, education, efficiency and character of boys and girls as the cigarette habit, yet very little attention is paid to it. Nearly every delinquent boy is a cigarette smoker, which certainly has much to

do with it. Cigarettes are a source of crime. To neglect crime at its

source is a shortsighted policy unworthy of a nation of our intelligence."

Surely the time has come to discard the "shortsighted policy unworthy of a nation of our intelligence,"develop "a national conscience for the public protection of our children,"and save them from the agency that is so "seriously affecting their health, education, efficiency and character,"and making delinquents and criminals of them. There is no more important or urgent duty devolving upon

America today than To keep the young folks clean from the To teach th; youth the truth about toblight of nicotine bacco.

CHILD TRAINING AND TOBACCO 33

What can we do? Plenty. Here are a few simple, practical suggestions:

1. Pray. "If any man lack wisdom let him ask of God."

The babe is the child of God as well as of father and mother. Do

all you can in cooperation with the Father in heaven to prevent the child from going to the devil.

2. Appreciate the value of children. See them as God sees

them. Study them. You must learn of them before you can teach

them. They are weak rather than wicked. They are worth more

than money, houses, farms, mines. A soul outweighs the world.

Instill selfappreciation in them.

3. Idealize the child. "It doth not yet appear what he shall

be."Make great plans for him. Encourage him to dream dreams

and see visions of great goodness as possibilities for him. Do not

debase him. Exalt him.

4. After appreciation and idealization comes the long, hard

road to realization. Castles in the skies are usually inhabited by

those who first pioneer in log cabins on earth. Sweats are appetizer

for sweets.

5. Consecration. "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with

thy neighbor."Selfishness is suicidal. Sacrificial serviceall—and

assures success that satisfies.

"But I thought you were to tell us about tobacco,"you say.

That is what I am talking about.

No one who appreciates a child will encourage a habit that defiles and destroys God's temple, the human body. "Pipe dreams"

(and likewise those of cigars, cigarettes and "chaws") differ from heavenly visions as much as works of the flesh differ from the fruit of the spirit. A wise teacher said of the boy who persists in smokhasing cigarettes, "He need not worry about his future—he

none."The most selfish, antisocial set of sinners on earth today

are tobacconists and their tarnished tools.

Please reread the five suggestions above through the lens of the last paragraph.

There are many phases to the tobacco question. Let us consider it further from other angles.

There is the agelong discussion of the relative importance of heredity and environment. Just now the papers are debating

whether cigarette smoking by a prospective mother has a deleterious influence on her child. Dr. Holmes on being asked how early one

should begin training a child, replied, "Begin with its grandmother."

Does tobacco using affect progeny? In human beings as in

other creatures there are invariable, fundamental biological laws.

When you show me a successful breeder of horses, cattle, hogs or 34 IMPROVEMENT ERA

other live ptock, who regularly feeds tobacco to male or female progenitor of the species with good results or without evil consequences, then and not till then will I listen when you tell me that it makes no difference whether mothers and fathers of boys and girls use tobacco. Of how much more value is a child than a colt?

A man said to me, "My old grandmother used tobacco and I believe she was a good Christian woman."I replied, "I am not interested so much in your grandmother as I am in my grandson."

But heredity only provides the seed corn, prepares the soil and starts the plant. The crop must be cultivated. Habit formations

begin early. Mother and father cannot wait for years or months

or even weeks to elapse before beginning the training of the child.

A smokeladen atmosphere is not the kind God meant for the tender lungs of an infant. Nicotine in a mother's milk does not add to

its nutritive value. If a babe dies in such surroundings let not

the preacher discourse at the funeral about mysterious dispensations of Providence. That will make the devil laugh.

The school, the church and the community soon add their influence to that of the home. It is going to be hard for the boy or

girl to keep clean if associates use tobacco. How much worse if the

teacher is an addict. Still worse will be the example of a tobacco

using preacher.

The home, the church, the school and the community are not the only institutions which play a part pro or con with regard to the influence of tobacco upon the child. What the child reads

plays a large part in shaping his character. Newspapers, magazines,

books and other printed matter come constantly under his eye. If

these advocate the use of tobacco, especially in an attractive way.

they cannot be innocuous. Be on your guard with respect to your

child's reading. To this must also be added the bill boards and

moving picture shows. Too many of these are constantly on the

wrong side of this as well as other great moral questions. They

are Pharaohs and Herods.

But the institution that is the archenemy of the child today is the nationwide organized and countrywide operative tobacco business. Its propaganda is carefully prepared in such a way as to

make an insidious, sinister appeal to children that is all but irresistible. Herbert Hoover is right in saying that there is no other

agency in the world today that is so seriously affecting our children in so many deleterious ways as is the traffic in tobacco. Every

patriot, every lover of childhood and home, every believer in him who was the Babe of Bethlehem and the ideal child of Nazareth should see the hand of Herod in this institution and recognize its inherent character and purpose as a cause of alarm and a call to arms.

CHILD TRAINING AND TOBACCO 35

as well as a challenge to the parental instinct that will fight to a finish rather than see his offspring maimed and destroyed by this monster.

The tobacco business has become so gigantic and the struggle against it so titanic that a victory for the rights of childhood against this foe can only be won by a nationwide organization enrolling in its membership every man, woman and child who believes in the ideal of the perfect life enjoined upon his disciples by. him who said.

"Follow me."

To those who wish further and more specific information in regard to practical plans of activity, the writer refers them to a leaflet "The Loyal League of the NoTobacco League,"naming sixteen things to be done; also a booklet on The Galahads which explains a set of societies that takes in grade pupils, high school pupils

and adults. Sample copies will be sent free on request.

Lest some one should read into what has been written a note of pessimism or discouragement, I end this article by quoting the closing paragraphs from my last annual report to the NoTobacco

League: The fight is on. The lines of battle are being formed. The

cause of conflict is no petty one. It is universal. Every man, woman

and child on earth is affected by it. It involves the weal or woe

of unborn generations.

The clarion call to arms sounds crisp and clear around the world. The days of neutral ease and complacent peace are over.

The clock of crisis strikes the noon hour of decision. On which

side will you stand? Are you notobacco or protobacco? You

cannot be both. The choice is yours.

"God has sounded forth a trumpet that Oh, be swift my soul to answer him, be shall never call retreat; jubilant my feet;

He is sifting out the hearts of men beOur God is leading on."

fore his judgment seat;

But timid, indecisive souls ask us, Do you think you have any chance to win? We quote the reply of the heroic leader of another

cause, who, when asked about his hope of success, answered, "My prospects are as bright as the promises of God."

Are we going to win? Sure! We cannot fail. Tobacconists

may gain some battles against us in the preliminary conflicts but the ultimate victory of the war will perch upon our pennants.

For what do the tobacconists fight? Why do we dare stand

against them? They fight for personal, selfish gain; we champion the welfare of the race. They traffic in tobacco, whose peculiar, essential element (nicotine) is a virulent narcotic poison;

we urge mankind to keep their bodies clean from ruinous dopy 36 IMPROVEMENT ERA

drug addiction. They foster filth and foulness; we counsel cleanliness. They promote their ease by means of propaganda filled with

misleading, lying, deceptive camouflage; we preach the truth in love.

They make abject slaves of their votaries; we insist that God made

man to be free. Death, despair and devastation follow in their

train; health, happiness and hope are the guiding stars that shine

in the firmament of our heaven.

What rightminded man or woman can question which side should shall! win—and

When one digs down to fundamental principles he discovers that we are not mere advocates of a transient, temporary plea. Our

contention is an eternal one. We stand for the identical ideals of

life that brought Cain into conflict against Abel; Noah against his

ungodly generation; Moses against Pharaoh; Gideon and his immortal three hundred against the mighty men of Midian; the shepherd lad, David, against the giant Goliath and the Philistines;

the twelve apostles of Jesus Christ against the ruinous corruption of the Roman empire; William Lloyd Garrison against the despicable

slave power; Neal Dow and Frances Willard against John Barleycorn; Susan B. Anthony against the senseless, sensual strength of

the fighting male enslaving the weak, but winsome womanhood of the world.

The conflict against Judas Nicotinus is of the same inherent, fundamental character as these and others too numerous to mention. We have as reasonable hopes for the ultimate success of our

cause as these had in their day.

Judged from a worldly standpoint, the tobacconists have every advantage over us. Our hope is based upon the potency of the

eternal spiritual realities. They have unlimited money, great social

prestige, strong political pull, the world, the flesh and the devil.

We believe that morality is mightier than mammon; that selfsacrificial service is superior to the social swim; that principle is

more potent than political expediency; that truth, righteousness,

goodness, and love will prevail because they are infinite and eternal.

our faith. This is the victory—even

Indianapolis, Ind., 821 Occidental Bldg.

In life's eternal round, who lives the most,

As ebbs and flows anew each passing day,

The Christian with his living faith and hope,

Or doubting atheist in his dismay?

O. F. USENBACH

Smoke Rings

By Weston N. Nordgran

slim fingers, tobaccostained, a dirty, yellowbrown,LONG,searched vainly in a greasy pocket. Finding no matches, the

fingers ranged upwards to a thin wood shelf above. A light

sputtered forth, and with a great intake of air and smoke,

Ken Driscoll lit his "fag."A smile of peace seemed to reflect the

red glow, in the summer twilight. And with the cigaret bobbing

up and down in his mouth, Ken addressed his horse.

"Well, Kid, old boy,"he spoke softly, patting the horse's mane caressingly, "as soon as you finish those oats, we'll saddle up and go see the missus! Uh huh! That's the very thing we'll

do!"He removed the cigaret deftly with two well trained fingers,

and spat from cracked lips, stained a dull brown.

A door slammed. Swift strides coming in his direction,

brought Ken to the corral gate. Harry Gordon, owner of the Bar

K ranch, stepped up.

"Take these signs and tack them up in the most prominent places you can find, first thing in the morning. Don't forget!"He

eyed Ken sharply, wheeled, and was gone. Ken looked at the bundle

of metal sheeting he held in his hand. Undoing the burlap covering, he looked at the plates. He knew he was not in the habit of

forgetting his fact only once had he done so. But at orders—in

the first glance he turned pale. Again, unbelieving, he looked at the

signs. Then standing squarely in the light from the open doorway

of the bunkhouse, he stared a third time!

Smoking Positively Forbidden On These Premises

His cigaret dropped from nerveless fingers, unheeded, to sizzle out on the wet sand. No smoking! And he. Ken Driscoll, smoked!

A flash of anger surged through his brain like molten lava. Grim

joke this, Gordon picking on him to fire himself, smokor—quiting. He realized in that instant the meaning of the talk Harry

had given him when he hired him, two years before. Snatches of it

scorched through his memory, at sight of the blue and white signs.

"My boy, I like your looks. I've got a job over here I think

you'll like. But remember, no one who smokes can ever become

38 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a foreman of my ranch. No one who smokes can ever become my

business partner. I want a man who is the master of himself, and

not one who is chained by a cigaret to the grave. Intelligence counts

'pull'than—not rings of smoke! A man who smokes has more

push! He is banking nothing but nicotine for the future! He drags

a coffin with him wherever he goes! His backbone is nothing but

a cigaret! His nerve is wishywashy fibreless trash, floating on a

dream sea of smoke!"

At that time, Ken had felt mighty uncomfortable under the tirade, but had put it down to the fact that a cigaret smoker six months previously had carelessly set fire to a stack of grain, owned by Harry Gordon. He had been careful. No lighted matches thrown

around. All cigaret butts stamped out. And now this blow. He

hurriedly dropped the metal plates, grabbed the saddle from its peg on the wall, and saddled up furiously. He wanted air! Sudden

thoughts came crowding down upon his mind, beating at his smokeladen senses like huge bats—crowding;—crushing

As the hoofbeats of Kid died out in the distance, a quick wind snuffed out the first faintly glowing stars. Mountainous clouds,

black, dismal, pregnant with rain, spread like hot grease over the sky. The air became heavy, stuffy, unbreathable. Like great wads

of cotton, the combined forces of nature deadened and absorbed the earth's sounds. All was quiet as death.

Ken dashed on, lashing his horse, in a frenzy of conflicting neededthoughts and emotions. He cared not whither he rode—he

to his brain was clouded with a thick haze of cigaret think—and

smoke. Kid, ever obedient and faithful, came to a jolting halt in

front of a distant ranch house, after miles of sweatlathered galloping. Mechanically, Ken reeled from his mount and started towards

the door.

At his knock, Ruth gave a glad cry, and opened the heavy door. Then fear clutched at her heart! Ken's face was a pasty

white. His eyes looked dark and cold, and his nervous hands shook.

She started back with a cry, and then as Ken swallowed, and tried to speak, she flung herself to him, and pushed him into a huge rocker. "What's the matter, Ken?"Swiftly she closed and bolted the

door. "Someone after you?"She reached for the rifle.

"No."Ken breathed a sigh of relief. "Nothing's wrong,

except I've got to leave my job."His voice was cold and tired.

Then he told her. Told her of the signs; of the talk two years

before; of what it meant; of the power of the drug on his system:

of the fact that now Milton Decker, foreman of the Bar K, was going to Chicago to school, that a new man would take up the

SMOKE RINGS 39

duties of foreman. He told her of his secret hope to be that man

of the bar sinister in his glowing cigaret!—and way—a

In hopeless despair, he gazed at his hands.

"Stained,''he said. "Stained by nicotine."He looked up

into the eyes of Ruth. "I can't ask you to marry me now,"he

gritted through unwilling teeth. "I can't quit. I've tried before.

and I know it's hopeless. I'll lose my job and—-sift out of the

I've got a soul, like that preacher in Leadcountry. My soul—if

ville used to soul is stained, too!"He stood up, backed say—my

to the door and reached for the knob.

"Ken! You can't go this way! You can't!"Ruth Daynes'

words bit into his throbbing intellect. "You've no right to give up

everything for that weed! I want you! You want me! Both of

us are concerned in can't quit!"She grasped at his this!—youshoulders, as a drowning man grasps for the tiniest straw of hope.

"It's ruined your reason,"she went on, growing calmer and a trifle scornful. "Don't let it ruin your soul! Ken! Are you willing to let Tobacco leave its thumbprints on your soul, as it has

done on your brain? Be a man! Cut it out! Quit the dirty habit,

and keep your job!"She closed her eyes, and cheeks flushed,

she sagged against him.

Ken straightened up. Deliberately he pushed Ruth away, and

steadily unbolted the door and vanished into the night. Ruth sank

into the chair Ken had vacated. "Dear God,"she whispered, "help

our love to fight for him!"

As he stumbled through the rain, Ken's mind was a whirlpool of strife. Never before had such a momentous decision been

thrust into his hands. Searing hot, like the blaze of lightning

that ripped and cracked overhead, came the realization of what he

the other hand, tobacco, smoke rings, falsewasand—happiness!up against. OnOnone hand, Ruth, his job, promotion, a home,

dreams, loss of work, halted by the gate, and and—misery! He

bared his head to the elements. The dark streaming rain fell over

him like a mantle, closing the past, and opening the future to his eager sight. Bursts of lightning clashed about him; ponderous roars

of thunder greeted his ears. Kid was gone; scared by the lightning.

no doubt. And thus, twenty miles later, as the sun rimmed the

morning horizon and tinted the clouds with gold and rose, Ken had reached his decision.

Kid was standing patiently by the old corral gate, waiting to be unsaddled. A broken rein, dangling on his neck, gave evidence

of his method of escape. Ken walked up to him, unsaddled and unbridled him and turned the truant beast into the corral. With a

smile on his face he dug deep into his back pocket, extracted a packthe package afire. He then age of cigarets, found a match, and—set

40 IMPROVEMENT ERA

stepped into the house, to return with hammer and nails. Stooping,

he picked up the package of plates and strode to the spot where curling smoke rings of blue slowly arose from the burning package of cigarets. Over the spot, on the high pole fence, he tacked a sign.

He glanced again at the burning wreck of "coffin nails."

"There,"he said. "There you are. Read that sign! "Smoking positively forbidden, on these premises."That means you

are banished, Lady Nicotine! Here's where you get yours!"He

thrust his foot on the dying remains and ground them into the dirt. Plates under his arm, he started toward the far end of the

corral. A voice stopped him. He wheeled to a halt, and stood

facing Harry Gordon.

"I heard what you sa.id,"remarked the latter, "and I saw what

you did! My lad, I'm proud of you! You don't have to tell

me you won't smoke again! I know it!"He thrust out his hand

cordially. Ken gave it a hearty shake.

"Thanks, Harry,"he said. His steelgrey eyes looked steadily

into the blue ones of his employer. "The storm is over. The

smoke rings are gone."

"Milt is going on the noon train, Ken. I wish you'd hitch up

your roan team and take him over."Harry turned toward the

house. "Sid is our new foreman."

Ken's heart sank. Sid Crowner promoted over his, Ken's head!

But again the boss was speaking.

"While you're in town, Ken, get a new rig for yourself. I

looked over your other one in the bunkhouse, and it isn't fit for my partner to wear!"

"Partner!"gasped Ken.

"Yes, certainly."Harry slapped his companion heartily on the

back. "I'm taking you in on a fiftyfifty brains, my basis—yourcash! You can pay as you earn, and I'll give you fifty percent more than Sid will get. You can run the ranch in Stillwell

Basin, I said, everything above expenses goes fiftyfifty!"and—as

"Harry!"The word burst forth from Ken. All the longings

of a lifetime fulfilled! Visions of Ruth, a home, a partnership with

Harry, arose. He gripped the hands of the older man in a vice

of steel hands. And the other hands—steady hands—purposefulresponded as heartily.

A sudden twinge told Ken he had not smoked since the night before. His thoughts glared down the drug messenger: "No more

nicotine,"they told it. And then and there began the battle which

Ken waged unceasingly until in time, drawn and haggard, but triumphant, he wiped out the last cobweb of the habit from his brain, and stood forth a free man; clean, courageous; the winner

in the battle with the invisible electric forces of the smoke rings!

A Turkeyless Thanksgiving

By Silas L. Cheney

(OARAH was perhaps no more than thirtyfive, although as she kj) puttered crossly about the stove preparing supper she appeared much older. Her life had been a trying one, especially since

her marriage with John Sharp. Things had gone from bad to

worse until at present they seemed to have reached a climax. There

was no money in the house, not so much as a red cent, and it was doubtful when they would be able to get any. As an added misfortune, tomorrow was Thanksgiving and she was supposed to prepare the customary Thanskgiving dinner. "My, but won't it be a

scrumptious affair,"she muttered ironically.

She heard John at the door sweeping the snow from his feet.

A moment later he came in tired and wet.

"Did you sell the sack of wheat?"she asked.

"No,"he replied slowly. "None of the stores would take it

because, with the roads like they are, there isn't much chance for an outside market."

It was the demise of their last hope of securing anything extra for Thanksgiving. She boiled with suppressed indignation which

demanded some sort of outlet.

"Well, that don't excuse you for bringing in all that snow/'she snapped.

He looked in dismay at the snow still adhering to various parts of his clothing. "I couldn't help it, Sarah. It's pretty dark outside, besides it's snowing so hard that it falls on about as fast as

you can brush it off."He spoke gently, sensing the strain she

was laboring under.

The children were cross and troublesome and in her present state of irritation she slapped instead of fed them.

"Isn't supper about ready?"he asked. "I think we'd ajl feel

better if we had something to eat."

"That's just like you; always thinking about eating instead

of how to get something to eat,"she spluttered.

There was no use answering, so he remained silent, patiently waiting for her to set the table.

Supper over and the children in bed, he sat watching as she cleared away the dishes. He felt sorry for her. They had suffered

42 IMPROVEMENT ERA

one disappointment after another until he could hardly bear up under it. No wonder she was gradually giving away.

"It's surely too bad I couldn't sell the wheat. Won't seem much

like Thanksgiving without a turkey,"he said.

"No, nor anything else,"she sneered. "Just look at the way

we live. Look at the way we dress. Why my winter coat is so

old and shabby even the moths won't live with it."

"Everything seems to have gone against us, doesn't it? But

I'm sure the crops will be good next year. It's seldom we have as

late a frost as we had last spring,"he rejoined.

"But there's been something every year. Mighty queer that

you have all the bad luck. Other men seem to get along all right.

If the farm won't pay, why the blazes don't you find something else to do. Anything would be better than this groveling for an

existence and then not quite making it."

"Now, Sarah,, things aren't that bad. They're bad enough,

of course, but why lose hope entirely. We have each other and four

strong, healthy children. Surely that is something to be thankful

for.""A lot of consolation that is when with it we're forced to starvation. It might besuffer humiliation on every hand—almost

all right for an easygoing person like you, but I'd rather be dead!"

she spoke bitterly without looking at him.

He flushed slightly, then paled. A pained expression as of a

wounded, adoring animal came into his eyes. After a time he arose

slowly and prepared to go out.

"Where are you going?"she asked disinterestedly.

"To find some way of getting you a coat,"he replied.

Sarah laughed. "You're surely getting an early start,"she said

sarcastically.

She was worn out, not so much from work as from worry, and shortly undressed, turned out the lights and went to bed. Sometime later he returned and crept in beside her. Next morning she

awoke to find a warm fire and boiling water on the stove as usual, but John was nowhere to be seen. He had left a note on the table

saying: "Dear Sarah, I won't be back before six o'clock. Have a

good, hot fire, for when I came I'll bring a turkey. If I don't get

back tonight there's something in the bottom of my trunk for you."

"With love, John."An ironical expression overspread her face. It was just another of his absurd promises. She went about her work grudgingly

A TURKEYLESS THANKSGIVING 43

since it offered the same old monotonous routine. There was

absolutely nothing about it suggestive of a holiday.

By late afternoon she had reached the limit of her endurance,

She simply had to get away from the house for a time at least. In

her present state of mind merely gazing in at the shop windows the remote possiwould be a relief, and—of course—there was

bility of finding something more diverting. So leaving the children in care of the eldest, she put on her wraps and went down

town. The storm was much worse than she had thought, and by

the time she reached the business district she was glad to take advantage of the halfshelter afforded by the doorway of one of the stores. While standing there dreading to go farther in what was

virtually a blizzard, the conversation of two men with backs toward her, attracted her attention.

"I understand the mail went north this morning?"one was

saying. "Yes. Interesting the way it came about, too,"the other, who

was the postmaster, replied. "It was important that it should go.

but owing to this frightful snowstorm, the road over the mountain has become impassable even with a sleigh. The carrier hasn't

been able to make the trip for four days now. Under the circumstances we decided to get someone to take it over on snowshoes.

I asked John Sharp yesterday if he would go, offering him $50 for the trip. He's a husky fellow, acquainted with almost every

foot of the country around here and could do it if anyone could.

He laughed at the idea. Said it would be as much as anyone's life

was worth to tackle such a thing in this loose snow and blinding storm. I thought the matter ended but late last night he came

over and said he would take a bag of the most important mail if

I would have it ready by daylight this morning. So away it went.

But with this storm keeping up I'm sorry I let him go. It's very

questionable whether he'll be able to make it over, or even be able to get back once he lands un there on the mountain."

So that was it. All the bitterness drained from Sarah's heart

leaving only a sense of icy numbness. The storm no longer had

terrors for her. Out she rushed, forgetting to raise her tattered umbrella. She reached home exhausted, but immediately commenced

a mad search for the note he had left. Finding it. she read and reread

what he had written. Then her eyes became glued to the last

line, "If I don't get back tonight there is something in the bottom of my trunk for you."In a trance she knelt before his trunk and

opened it reverently; then began automatically to take things out,

dropping them about her until she reached the bottom. There it

was; a large thick envelope tied securely with a string. Quickly

44 IMPROVEMENT ERA

she opened it and, after one glance at the contents, fell into hysterical screaming. It was John's life insurance policy for $2000.

The children clung about her frightened and crying. "Oh.

mama, don't do that,"begged little Ralph. don't.""Please—please Gradually she subsided. There were duties to perform. She

must take care of the children. They, at least, were left to her. It

was nearly eight o'clock; time the children were in bed but they

hadn't had their supper. The fire burned low and there was very

little wood in the house. Some must be gotten. Securing a wrap

she drew it snugly about discovering that it was her her—then

winter coat, the one "too old for the moths to live with"she flung it aside as if it were contaminating and rushed out into the storm unprotected.

Her thoughts tormented her badly enough while she was busy feeding the children and putting them to bed, but afterward, when everything in the house grew solemnly quiet, they became almost unendurable. There was no use sounding an alarm for a searching

party since no one would go until morning at least. Besides what

would people think of her? They must realize that it was she who

had driven him to it. Time after time there ran through her mind

the phrase: "Nothing to be thankful to be thankfor—nothing

ful for!"and again, "But we have each other and the children,

surely that is something to be thankful for."She wrung her hands

in despair but gritted her teeth to keep control of herself, feeling that she could not give up again without going mad.

Slowly, like a death watch, the time wore on; ninethirty

ten. At every little noise she would spring to the door—then

stumble slowly back to her seat. Ten; tenthirty. As the hands

worked their way around to eleven there came a slow, heavy, shuffling tread to the door as of someone carrying a heavy burden."They are bringing him back dead. Oh—"and she flung her hands

to her mouth to stifle the scream. Standing as if trans-,

fixed, eyes wide with horror, she listened to the effort someone was making to sweep the snow from his feet. Then the door slowly

opened. "John!"cried Sarah wild with joy as she rushed toward him.

But John, mail pouch still strapped to his back, leaned heavily against the doorsill for an slid to the floor completely instant—then

exhausted.

She half dragged, half carried him to a rocking chair before the fire. Then hastily prepared some hot ginger tea which he

eagerly drank.

She removed his pack, his coat, his shoes; doing everything

that could possibly be done to make him comfortable. When she

A TURKEYLESS THANKSGIVING 45

could contain herself no longer she sat on the arm of his chair and pressing her cheek fondly against his, asked tremulously:

"John, why did you ever try to take the mail over the mountain when you knew how dangerous it was?"

After a pause he replied with an effort. "I wanted to gei

you a new winter coat. You've meant so much to me and the

children that if I can't provide for you so you won't be humiliated at every if I can't give you something to be thankful for. turn—or

I'm not much of a man. But Sarah, I failed again. I tried hard

Ito make the storm was against me. I'll it—honestly did—but

do it yet, though; I'm trying it again dayafter-tomorrow."

"No, you're not!"she exclaimed emphatically. "You're not

don't want anything.going a step. I don't want a new coat—I

I've got enough."

"No, my dear, you've hardly anything. You said yourself

you had nothing to be thankful for, and you are right. Why, we

haven't even a turkey,"he concluded sorrowfully as he glanced toward the table which was barren of almost everything except a few used dishes.

"Oh, John,"she sobbed, "please forget what I said. As

long as we have each other and the darling children, we have everything to be thankful for."

Magna, Utah

Our Best Friend

(To Our Boys)

When life seems a little gloomy, and the trail ahead looks dim,

When you feel the blues have got you, and you're not sure that you'll win.

When friends that used to know you, have a touch of Klondyke snow,

When they pass you on the highway, may not even say Hello

There's a Friend who knows your troubles, understands them, one and all.

Watching, guiding. He who notes the sparrows fall. guarding,—gently

Tell Him all about it, Buddy, you will find He never fails.

He's a friend who understands us, knows our weaknesses and ails.

Go to Him when you're in trouble, ask Him for the things you need:

When you think your friends have left you, you'll find Him a friend indeed.

In this life of pain, and sorrow, sprinkled here and there with joy,

Boy. You will find that God the Father is your friend—my Buddy

Moab, Utah. F- M. SHAFER.

Photo by Courtesy D. S. Spencer, U. P. System

The Russet Colored Crags of Zion

Shade down into black. A scene from the new trail to the west rim.

The Great OutDoors. The Empire of

Southern Utah

By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

The Magical City of Bryce

traveler stops in a natural park, as trim and orderly asTHELiberty, in Salt Lake City, walks over to the rim, and in a mammoth bowl beholds the wonder city of Bryce. In the

gorgeousness of its coloring, varying from shell pink to rich russet, as in its fluted columnsinset here and there with alabaster,—well,

and minarets it is like an Arabian city. But it is a silent city from

which the inhabitants have fled.

Here are all the forms conjured up in the fertile brain of

Scheherazeda with which she beguiled the Sultan while he kept his head on her own lovely shoulders. There are the magic carpet (an

ancient airplane that transported people instantaneously), Aladdin's genii, Ali Baba's forty jars, and all the strange monsters of the land and sea that combated Sindbad the Sailor. All of these reliquiae are

done in eternal stone with Nature as the sculptor and winds and water and frost as the chisels.

Because of its color it is no bloodless hall of statuary, but rather a monster Madame Tousaud's waxworks where the historian may pick out his favorite scenes: Cleopatra's purple barge luring

Mark Antony; the Lorelei singing on her rock; Mary Queen of

Scots and her stairs; Queen Victoria in her garden picking roses for

the young Jew Disraeli; Napoleon's sunken road; the Chinese palace,

with a row of Buddhas; a Cossack Guard; a German machine gun.

Children can find all of their favorite stories in the fairy city of Bryce. There is the glass mountain of the unobtainable

Princess; the brown gnomes that proved the Nemesis of lovely Snow

White; the Wall of Windows where Sister Ann might have watched

for the redoubtable bluebird; the bier of the Sleeping Beauty; the

ballroom of Cinderella.

So the music lover could imagine here the scenes of his favorite operas, but in their pristine freshness, lacking the tarnish of opera house scenery. There is the bandit's castle of Rigoletto; the mountain retreat of Carmen; the Parisian attic of La Boheme; the gypsy

camp of Trovatore; the balcony of Romeo and Juliet; the ship of

Tristan and Isolde.

48 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Photo by Courtesy D. S. Spencer, U. P. System

The Cathedral Shadowy Statuary in DimLit Alcoves, Bryce

THE GREAT OUTDOORS 49

The walled city of Bryce is a theater wherein are vast movie sets which differ from the manufactured ones in that they are not "all front and no back."

When the sun goes down and darkness wipes out the color it is the dead city of Bryce.

Cedar Breaks The Colossal "In vastness, in variety of color, in wild grandeur, Cedar Breaks is the greatest of Utah's painted amphitheatres."In fact it is six or

seven great amphitheatres, 2,000 feet deep and covering sixty square miles. Its floor is 8,000 feet above sea level. Anyone suffering

Photo by courtesy D. S. Spencer. U. P. System

Cedar Breaks Is rose merging into russet, and capped with sheerest alabaster.

from enlarged ego need only walk along its edge to shrink to the dimensions of a fly, so overwhelming is it. Its rim is edged with

forests of pine. The stupendous chasm itself is rosecolored. An

artist, however, has counted sixty tints here including terracotta, mulberry, red, orange, yellow, white, lavender and purple.

Cedar Breaks is in the Sevier National Forest. Its formations

have been cut by the river in the Pink Cliffs at the summit of the 50 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Markagunt plateau. The edge of the abyss is etched into Blowhard

mountain and other eminences. The volcanic crest of Brian Head,

nearly a thousand feet higher, affords a panoramic view of Southern

Utah, Nevada, and northern Arizona.

Within its yawning labyrinths are Gothic and Teutonic castles, whole countries of them. There is a grimness and power about

them not found in the delicate tracery of Bryce. They are medieval

mostly, built to withstand alike the Roman soldiery and the barbarian onslaughts of the Huns. The river, gleaming silver amid its

greenery at the bottom, is the moat. The imagination can easily

pick out drawbridges and watch towers, walls of citadels, battering rams and catapults, towers of refuge and island retreats, buttresses and fortifications.

Sans inhabitants, the visitor can people it to suit himself. He

might pick out the court of Ferdinand and Isabella where the humble

Genoese formulated his theory; there is the Great Wall of China

the lecture hall of Abelard; the castle of William the Conqueror

the stronghold of Richard the Lion Hearted; the Castle on the Rhine

La Guillotine; aye, the window in the tower from which the Lady

of Shallot peered at Sir Lancelot, which indiscretions led to such disastrous smashing of her mirror. results—the

Actually Cedar Breaks is given over to the cougar and the eagle.

It is so terrible that it is liable to haunt a man's dreams for nights.

Transcendant Zion

Zion canyon is Egyptian in the conformation of its rocks;

in their dull, red coloring shading into slate. It suggests the countries

of northern Africa skirting the Mediterranean. Its cumbersomeness

belongs to Moloch; its gayer glints to Solomon.

Tourists find a spiritual quality in look up instead Zion—they

of down. Early settlers waxed enthusiastic in its praise. A Brother

Black talked so much of the canyon that for a while it was referred to as "Black's Glory."A few families located there in the early

days (its tillable acres are few). The Saints prevailed on Brigham

Young to go there on one of his trips to the south. The road was

so bad that the party turned back. The great leader exclaimed "This

is not Zion."So in the first maps it was indicated as "Not Zion."

However, there is a good road today that extends seven miles up the canyon, from the entrance flanked by the Watchman and the

West Temple of the Virgin, to the natural amphitheatre known as the Temple of Sinawava. Like an Indian's quiver, the motorist

comes out the same way that he goes in.

Above this is the Narrows where the great rock walls of the canyon almost come together. From the bottom of the gorge which

THE GREAT OUTDOORS 51

can be spanned at places by a couple of Boy Scouts, the stars may be seen in the day time in the narrow strip of sky up above. Here,

in grassy alcoves in the tremendous walls, deer give birth to and nurture their young.

The Mukuntuweap river, a muddy stream, flows through the canyon. Indians had a superstitious awe of the place. That some of

them sought sanctuary there is evidenced by the ruins of the Cliff dwellings found near Cable mountain.

The sinister looking walls, orange, bloodred, black, are garlanded with graceful tender green of willows, the trail foliage,—the

of the wild grape, ferns snuggling beside tiny water falls. Being

lower, Zion canyon is warmer than Utah's other "sights."

The awe that the canyon inspires is reflected in the names of the places recalling Palestine, Algeria, Tunis. One begins with the

"Old Man of the Mountain"and ends with the "Mountain of

Mystery."Brooding over the entire canyon, and seen from almost

any angle, is the "Great White Throne"unscalable, shadowy, inexplicable.

The "Altar of Sacrifice"drips with carnelian. The "Mountain

of the Sun"is yellowheaded. There are natural bridges and a Spear

Head, Castle Dome, Sentimental Peak, a Streaked Wall. "The

Three Patriarchs"are hoary peaks in a row. Further on are

Cathedral Mountain, Angel's Landing, and the Great Organ. The

entrance to the lovely Temple of Sinewava is flanked by black obelisks.

Zion canyon, like a charming person, grows on one and becomes more interesting the better one knows it. It is more friendly than

the Grand.

The Movies Discover Utah's Scenic Wonderland

The pictorial value of Utah's rugged rocks has been discovered by the producers with the result that her majestic scenery will soon be shown to the world via the moving pictures. Recently two companies almost came to blows at a point in Cedar Breaks, over who

should photograph its vast fanshaped formations first. One of

them was filming the story of "Ramona,"and perhaps had chosen this as the hilltop retreat for Alessandro when he fled from his enemies. It is a long way from here across the Nevada desert to

Old Town, San Diego, the purported marriage place of the Indian lovers.

Further on, between Toquerville and Rockville. where the Rio

Virgin spreads out between its painted terraces, Paramount was filming a Zane Grey story with Betty Bronson and a new western star, Lane Chandler, in the leads. The latter, in chaps and a five

52 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Photo by Courtesy D. S. Spencer. U. P. System

Angel's Landing in the Foreground "The grim Egyptian outlines of Zion are softened with the tracery of foliage."

THE GREAT OUTDOORS 53

gallon hat, rode a white horse. Other features were a herd of

lean, whitefaced cattle, a fist fight and a tumble over a cliff, and ice cream cones for all the perspiring company.

Further on, on a flat island in the river, Hoot Gibson, of

Universal, dogged a steer in a rustic stockade built of birch boughs.

Not until the eye of the camera sees color will this region be really shown. Many of its cliffs are bloodred. Like the silver

Photo by courtesy D. S. Sp:nccr. U. P. System

From Point Sublime North rim of the Grand Canyon of the Colorado approached from Utah.

soil of the Salt Lake valley or the gold soil of California, this coppercolored soil of southern Utah is wonderfully prolific.

Life In the Empire of Southern Utah, its tiny cultivated spaces are few and far between. With the development of water, there are

enough natural resources to support literally millions of people.

Its vast spaces are eloquent in answer to those misanthropes who fear an overpopulation of the militarists who adworld—those

vocate war as a means to keep down the surplus population.

54 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Soon man, the master creature, will be winging his way via aeroplane between Bryce and the Grand Canyon.

The valleys between the quaking aspen are occupied by sheep, waxing fat on luscious grass.

Black crows circling above a space indicate where one perhaps has met its fate.

Woodchucks dart out of their holes, and beg, with their forepaws held high like kangaroos.

On the desert are lizzards and chipmunks that turn gray to match the soil.

Where formerly prospectors left their bones and those of their pack animals, bleaching on the sands, the modern derelict leaves his automobile. The road is strewn with the wreckage of autos all

along the and Ford reduced to a common fate. way—Royce

Where the ground is cultivated, how lovely it is: witness the

semitropical St. George with red pomegranates gleaming amid the

foliage.

Outings

Fathers and Sons'outing, Logan Square Branch, Northern States mission.

Held in the forest preserve, on the Des Plaines river, Aug. 27, 1927.

Vernal's Fathers and Sons'Outing

There were 62 people made the trip. have their hay up. We didn't feel it wise

We had a very fine time, with plenty of to postpone on account of so many other fishing, and lots of sport for all. Our things coming. President Calder and Connumbers were reduced to at least onegressman Colton were with us. Pontha

fourth by the heavy storms we had iust Calder, Superintendent.

before the outing and the people didn't

THE GREAT OUTDOORS 55

Oquirrh Stake Climbs Mt. Timpanogos

The 4th annual Fathers and Sons'Outest to the numbers on the campfire proing of the Oquirrh stake, held on August gram. Keen competition was encountered

5 and 6, was successful and gratifying to by the entrants in the harmonica contest.

both those who participated and to the Y. A daddy finally emerged victorious.

M. M. I. A. officers in charge. Some 200 The biggest feature of the outing, was

fathers and sons listened with intense interthe climb up Mt. Timpanogos from the

THE WILD ASCENT TO THE SUMMIT

American Fork Canyon side; 94 fathers Fathers and Sons'outings are always

and sons made the top of "Old Timp"and successful in Oquirrh stake. They are

were thrilled with the beautiful sights pre- "talked up"long before they happen, and

I. A.sented from such a lofty peak. The slide "talked of"long after.—Y. M. M.

down the glacier was exceptionally good Superintendency, A. C. Nielsen, O. J. Mcthis year, furnishing plenty of excitement Donald, Geo. L. Paul.

for both participants and spectators.

The Great Outof-Doors Hidden away in Nature's breast is food for the hungry soul:

The faulted cliff, the cataract, the verdant mountain sod,

The rainbow spray o'er the ouzel's nest, the flowers at his feet,

Inspire man's soul to a higher goal

And draw him nearer God.

The crimson west, the starry heav'ns, Aurora's bursting morn,

The teeming life of land and stream—the handiwork of God,

richer life is born, Sink deep in the heart of Nature's guest—a

The pilgrim feet in Nature's retreat

On holy ground have trod.

E. Cecil McGavin.

Have the Lamanites Jaredite Blood in Their Veins

By J. M. Sjodahl

In explanation of my statement in the and the Jacobites, and the Josephites, and

Improvement Era, to the effect that the the Zoramites * * * and the Lanow living Indians may be descendants of manites and tfa: Lemuelites and IshmaelJaredites and Mulekites,* as well as Neites."The present Indians are conphiKs and Lamanites, I want to say that sequently the descendants of all these anin the Book of Ether, chap. 9, we are cestors and not only of Laman. Nephi

told that, during a time of famine, in the and his sons are, no doubt, well repland of Heth, the cattle belonging to the resented.

people fled southward, pursued by "poiThose who think the Jaredites were all sonous serp.nts, "and that many perished, (every individual) exterminated, refer to

while some escaped into the land southEther, Chap. 13. But that chapter does

ward. This land is said to be Zarahemla. not say so. In verse '2022 Ether prophThen, in chap. 10, we read that the esies that Coriantumr and his household

people went southward to hunt for food; should be destroyed, except himself, unless

that is, they went to Zarahemla, where he repent. It does not say that all the

the cattle had gone before them. They Jaredites everywhere should be destroyed.

must have moved in great numbers, for In the second place, it might be well they even built a city on "the narrow to remember that the words "destroyed"neck of land by the place where the sea and "destruction"do not always mean divides the land."And they kept the land annihilated. If, for instance, an army is

southward (Zarahemla) for a hunting pre- "destroyed"it does not always mean that serve, while the whole land northward was every unit of it is annihilated. An army

being filled up with inhabitants. (Eth. may be destroyed although most of the

10:1921). soldiers—those who are sick and woundHere we are told that the Jaredites ed, those who are in captivity, or have

filled the whole land northward, and that deserted, are still alive. A nation may be

many went to Zarahemla, the land southdestroyed as was the Polish nation when ward. The descendants of these Jaredites its government was broken up and the

undoubtedly mixed with the Mulekites and country divided between Russia, Germany the descendants of Lehi later, and they all and Austria. That was the "finis Polbecame "Nephites,"as that term was used oniae,"although the Poles lived and were

about the time of Christ (Alma 3:11). reunited in a new Poland.

This seems to me to justify the conThe meaning of the word "destroyed"clusion that the now living "Lamanites"as used in the Book of Mormon and aphave both Jaredite and Mulekite blood in plied to a people, is given in 2 Nephi their veins, as well as Nephite and Laman25:9, 10, where we read, "And as on,e

ite. generation hath been destroyed among the

That these Indians have a large mixture Jews because of iniquity, even so have of Nephite blood is clear from Doc. and they been destroyed from generation to

Cov. 3:1619, where we read that the generation according to their iniquities."

plates of the Book of Mormon had been That is tb: true meaning of the word,

preserved in order that the testimony of and in that sense the Jaredites and Nethe fathers might come to "the Nephites, phites were destroyed, but not in the sense

*See page 978, September Era, 1927.

HAVE LAMANITES JAREDITE BLOOD? 57

that every individual Jaredite and Nephwas reduced to 32 and 27. It is not

ite was annihilated. probable that such forces represented an

The battle around Cumorah which was exceedingly large area of America or of the culmination of a long war, in which the Jaredite race, of which the Lord said, "two millions of mighty men, and also before the departure of its ancestors from:heir wives and children perish:d (Eth. 15: the shores of the Old World: "I will

I), was fought between the people of Shiz go before thee into a land which is choice and the people of Coriantumr (Eth. 15: above all the lands of the earth, and there

6) and their respective allies that they had will I bless thee and thy seed, and raise up succeeded in enlisting during four years. unto me of thy seed, and of the seed of

The soldiers were drawn from "all the thy brother, and they who shall go with face of the land,"which I take to mean thee, a great nation. And there shall be

all the land over which the two rulers none greater than the nation which I will reigned, and not from all the American raise up unto me in thy seed, upon all the

Continents. face of the earth."(Ether 1:42, 43.)

The Jaredite armies that fought It seems to me that the fulfilment of the final, disastrous battle around Cumorah this promise embraces all the territory cannot have been exceedingly large, for on which later has been called the land of the 5 th day of the battle then.'were only Zion. The Jaredites must at one time

52 men on one side and 69 on the other; have been very numerous.

and on the 6th day, this modest number

I'M Thankful

I'm thankful, as I view old myths dispelled,

And knowledge grow in majesty of being,

That from my heavenly Father's bosom welled

A love that gave this age of wonderseeing.

I'm thankful to behold man upward winging,

Through sunlit and through starlit space, his way.

And hear, o'er waves of ether, mortals singing.

Though they who sing are many miles away.

I'm thankful for all things divinely given,

That luminate the mind and make it wise:

I'm thankful, though my heart must oft be riven,

That I another's woe can realize!

I'm thankful for increasing power transcending

The fables and the fallacies of youth,

That years have yielded strength through comprehending,

And taught to me the tolerance of truth.

Yes, there is much, so much for which I'm thankful.

And ever must be while on earth I live.

So, at the year's appointed time and season.

My thanks, for all the gifts from God, I give.

Provo, Utah. Grace Ingles Frost.

The Beautiful Setting of the Tale, "Pah Yaqua""Nimrod stood holding converse with his sister at about the spot where the youth stands; the grave site is across the narrow neck toward the left."The tree in the right foreground, on the hillside, was just such a tree as the one which carried Snowflake to the

watery grave.

Pah Yaqua An Indian Legend from Native Sources

By Frank Beckwith 'ITH the kindly permission of Josiah F. Gibbs, aged eightytwo, to whom this tale was told, I am enabled to give theW readers of the Era a very interesting Indian legend told to

him by a native Pahvant Indian many years ago.

Gibbs, had lost a kayuse pony; so he got on a horse to go out

in the hills to find it. When in the very deepest part of a thicket

through which the trail led, suddenly the form of an Indian rose out of the brush. But on the instant Gibbs noted that the face of the

Indian was wreathed in smiles, and he saw that it was his good friend Nimrod, a native Pahvant, so named by the whites because of his keen hunting ability.

"Where go, Gib?"

"I hunt pony gone to Clear Creek."

"I go, too,"said Nimrod, and, with this brief conversation, went to his horse, which was hidden in a distant part of the thicket, far enough away not to whinny or be seen, and in a few moments returned mounted.

PAH YAQUA 59

It was not long until they found the missing animal in the upper reaches of Clear Creek canyon, and had roped him. Gibbs

changed his saddle to the new mount and then the Indian said:

"Go with me Pah Yaqua."

Gibbs could then talk considerable Indian, and these words, "Pah Yaqua,"aroused his interest at once. He knew that "Pah"

meant water, and "Yaqua"meant death; but why had the Indian

combined the two into "Death Water?"Knowing the Indian

character, and the need to make haste slowly, Gibbs decided to go, and in the hours bring out the tale. So with ready acquiescence he

said: "Yes, I go with you."

Nimrod then became specially reticent. Not a word from him

unless in direct answer to questions. He made no advance to keep

up a conversation at all, and Gibbs, knowing the Indian mind, kept out of that reserve, awaiting developments.

"Shinob"Thus in silence passed the hours as they rode on toward

Tushare Peak. "Tushare"is an Indian word which means "snow,"

for in normal years snow remains in the sheltered nooks of that immense pile throughout the entire summer, for its crest rises to the imposing altitude of 12,200 feet. Part way up its slopes an electrical storm was raging. Directly into this storm their trail led

them.

Soon lightning began to play around them in fitful bursts; then

with a swift lowering of a dark mass, almost incessant tongues of flames shot from the charged clouds to the mountain, with a nearly constant roar of peal after peal of thunder. The play of electrical

energy was so vivid, so intense, and so fearful to Gibbs that he reined in his horse under a tree, just as the downpour began to come in sheets. Just then there was a terrific crash, and about two hundred feet beyond him a bolt of lightning hit a large tree, which burst

into flames.

Gibbs instantly saw that he must leave the protection of the trees and seek safety in the open. As he turned to do so, he saw

Nimrod out on a large, flat rock, horse held by bridle reins, the

Indian having already sensed the danger of remaining near the trees.

There in the open was Nimrod, receiving full on his person a drenching downpour of rain; his buckskins clung to him like a tight

skin. Stolid, erect, silent, he stood there, bared to the forces of

nature, watching the play of energy so cast.

As Gibbs neared his companion, Nimrod said the only word which had broken his reticence for hours:

"Shinob."The word Shinob is the Pahvant term for God.

60 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thus in one word did this son of the wild tersely sum up forcesthe cause of this great, aweinspiring, fearsome display—the

of nature in all their immensity attributed to God!

In a few moments a lull came in the storm, it ceased as suddenly as it had arisen, and again Nimrod broke silence, this time with a more lengthy conversation, for he doubled his former achievement by saying:

is good. "Shinob weino,"—God

"I Talk My Sister"When the storm abated they passed over the crest and downward on the other side. Gibbs followed the Indian in single file,

and presently Nimrod raised his arm and again wasted no words;

for, pointing to the tiny body of water below them, he said:

"Pah Yaqua."

Still Gibbs did not catch any significance. Why should the tiny

little lake which just then had come into view be called "Death

Water?""What you go Pah Yaqua for?"inquired Gibbs.

"My sister's grave."

And then the Indian fell into a silence immovable. Without the

borders of that reserve, Gibbs rode on in enforced silence. When they

came to a little rise near the shore, Nimrod got off his horse, walked slowly forward, and there peered directly across the lake, the reins listlessly held in his hand. So intent was the Indian in silent communion with the departed sister that Gibbs rode to the clearing,

picketed his horse, and then walked back and took the reins out of the unnerved hand of his companion, to which the Indian paid not the slightest heed. And after the still further delay of watering

and picketing both horses, and gathering brushwood for a fire,

Nimrod still stood there immovable.

Gibbs decided to go to his friend; when at his side, without

turning, Nimrod said:

"Come. I talk my sister."

Gibbs followed behind Nimrod, as silent as he. The Indian

led the way to a small pile of rocks; in the talus, which the unseeing

white would never have discerned, was an artificially made pile, or grave. Going close, the Indian walked up to the bushes growing

near its edge, parted them carefully, and in a most touching and tender voice, modulated by the long silent communion he had been holding, said:

"Sister."Then in most endearing terms, with affection apparent in every tone, Nimrod spoke lowly, and sweetly to the departed one. He

applied the most tender terms the Indian little endearuses;—the

ments used toward children and the young; and the frequent use

PAH YAQUA 61

of her name, "Snowflake."

Gibbs turned and walked away. He gathered as many posies

as the nearby hillside afforded, and coming back with them, removed his hat, and, sinking on his knees, placed the bouquet on fromthe grave. Nimrod gave him a most soulful look—welling up

a heart full. This act from a white brother touched him. But

though he nearly bared his soul to view to the white, there was a something held back, a something retained in always reserve—there

is, be it ever so little; for again Gibbs felt he was an intruder into

a scene too holy for an his presence was a profanaoutsider—that

tion of the sanctity of love.

The Tale Unfolds That night the Indian ate not a bite. Gibbs lay on the blanket

watching him, and, getting sleepy, crawled in between. The last

thing he remembers, Nimrod was sitting there, with arms folded around his knees, chin dropped ever so slightly, gazing in deepest meditation across the lake toward the grave of his departed sister.

He fell into a profound sleep. In the dim gray of the dawn

he awoke with a start, and recalled where he was. Nimrod had

risen to a standing position, erect, silent, arms folded across his chest, holding inward converse, mayhap, with the recalled shade.

Maeterlinck very beautifully says in The Bluebird, that when one thinks strongly of the departed, the shade of the one gone before grows stronger in objectivity, shakes off the sloth of forgetfulness, and advances toward the one who thus brings them new life. On

the shade's part, they emerge from oblivion, come to life in degree to the call of the meditation, and approach ever so closely, pleased with the it not be that this son of the wild, en recognition.—May

rapport, and on the "borderland,"had, as Gibbs had seen and as I verily believe, so objectified his sister as to hold, or think he held, positive communication with the phantasm of his own brain, clothed in the form of his sister, and brought by his earnestness of concentration into clarity of view?

Maeterlinck's name adds great weight to a mystery, a portal of which is once in a great while just barely opened to our briefest view, and then closed again, leaving us to doubt our senses. But

the Indian never doubted that he had held converse with the recalled shade of his departed sister.

On the way home, Gibbs got the following story from Nimtold in his broken, brief sentences, pieced out with pantorod,—not

mime, but reconstructed as you and I would tell the tale:

One day, Snowflake, the sixteenyear-old sister of Nimrod, climbed to the top of Tushare Peak, as the young will, in a spirit of adventure. When she came down she arrived at the south end

of what the whites caller "Puffer's Lake,"where the tangled brush 62 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is almost impassable; one can hardly force one's way through the

dense underbrush. So, instead of pushing her way into and through

that, the girl walked around the jungle of thicket to the water's edge; there she spied a partly watersoaked log, with great, sharp,

ugly limbs on it, but with still room enough for the girl to seat herself astride it, which she did in glee. Then the thought entered

her mind what a lark it would be to ride that log up the lake, and pole her way to the camp of the Indians!

No sooner thought than she decided to put it into action;

straightway she got a slim, dry aspen pole, and worked the log into the water. Then she clambered on, using the pole to shove

the log along in the water. She was overjoyed to find herself

poling her way along the shore line in the shallow water of the lake. Should she lose her balance on the log, it was a simple matter

to lean her body to the side she was poling on, catch her balance on the bottom, and after righting the log, shove it forward with a vigorous push.

When about opposite the camp she thought to pole her way directly across the narrow neck of water. But she encountered

a "jumpoff"on the bottom, and her pole no longer righting her craft as before, she lost her balance and both girl and log began to rotate. The ugly, sharp, grappling limbs, like cruel hooks, fastened

themselves in her clothing before she could free herself, and the rotating log carried her under the waters to instant death by drowning.

At the camp her lover stood watching; when the tree began

to turn, he ran forward, plunged into the lake, and started to swim furiously to her. When a few feet away from the tree he dived;

a moment afterward there was a violent shaking of the tree,—then

all was ominously calm. Not a ripple stirred the placid surface.

Half an hour later the Indians poled a raft to the spot, and there, beautiful in death, caught in the jagged limbs, was the sister, looking up through the crystalclear waters: about her waist was

the arms of her lover, tightly encircled. Tiny crimson stains

floated from cuts on his face, arms and breast, where he had been torn by the cruel limbs.

Finding the girl fast in the tree, her lover had wrenched at the limbs to free her; unable to do so he had deliberately sought

death with her, rather than loosen his clasp and rise to the surface to save his own life.

That is why the Indians call Puffer's Lake, "Pah Yaqua."

What a fine, euphonious appellation that is! What sentiment in the

tale! What sacrifice of lover for beloved!

Thus do I present the tale of Nimrod, narrated to Gibbs, and by him rendered to me.

Delta, Utah Smoke By Leland A. Clark

a variety of thoughts this one word calls to mind; toWHATone comes the recollection of the tiny, gray column which

ascends from the hearth of his childhood home; to another

the thick and stifling cloud from the mills of industry; another recalls his first experience with fire. Black clouds, mingled with

tongues of scarlet, flash first to mind; while still another, who

through long years of indulgence has allowed habit to become his master, desires to satisfy the craving for more smoke.

On the highest peaks of the Saw Tooth mountains are located tiny, glass, lookout houses in which men are stationed during the summer months to watch for forest fires. Because of the commanding location and the many scientific instruments, the keeper

of station Number Three, located on Baldy Peak, had thousands of acres of the best timber land entrusted to his care. It was his

duty to locate the fire and warn the forest rangers in whose section it occurred to give him location and extent of damage. Within a few

minutes rangers could be on hand to check the fires before they could spread.

Kent Law, ranger of the second district, had been very busy marking timber. He had worked quickly, because even before two

o'clock he noticed a dryness not typical of heavily forested sections.

The smaller twigs and plants broke with a familiar crackle. His

lips and tongue felt parched, and tiny white lines on his hands told him there was a decided change in the atmosphere. Messages would

soon be coming in from the lookout station Number Three.

"It looks like a fierce one on the head of Fish Creek,"came the voice over the wire. "The other rangers will gather men as they

come; get everybody in your section and rush them there."

All were drafted into what appeared to be a very hard fight.

With horses fagged from the long runs to the different camps, Kent looked eagerly for the summit of Granite Pass. From the top he

could see a giant column of pitchblack smoke, rising swiftly in the air. It was a real fire! It had started at the bottom of a steep,

heavily wooded slope, and was climbing rapidly. The inrushing

currents of air soon developed into a fiery gale. Long flames shot

ahead to catch the untouched trees, while the steady fire consumed the dry needles and dead material forming the forest floor.

The rangers quickly scouted the fire, and obtained the best possible control. Each ranger was in charge of a number of men.

64 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Back of the flames trees were felled and removed to form a control line. Crews of men followed with shovels and dug trenches

a few feet wide, through the matted needles, to expose the mineral earth; but, in spite of the trenches and cleared places, the flames,

driven by the terrific wind which seems always to accompany a forest fire, easily jumped the protected section and went on unchecked. Forest fires are fought in regular flank movements. Many

times back fires are resorted to, large areas being sacrificed in order to check the fire.

The men fought hard! Their faces turned black with the pine

smoke; lips were parched from the heat, and sweat rolled from their

bodies. It was not uncommon to see a man rip a burning shirt

from the back of his "Buddy."Some were gassed and had to be

carried from the scene.

Dusk and the evening stillness brought no relief. The men

were weakening from the strain. Experience has taught the man

of the forest that his best chance to check a fire is during the dead silence just after midnight. A strenuous effort was made, but the

giant rushed on, and over the second line of defense, as does the racer when he glides easily over the hurdles. All through the morning hours, and the day and the next day, the men fought on.

Thousands of acres of the choice timber lands of Idaho were destroyed. Beautiful hillsides and fertile valleys were turned to

black, smoldering grottoes. Terribly scorched vistas greeted the eyes

of those who love the freshness of mountain pine and aspen. Wild

animals were trapped and burngd, having no chance for escape.

Ranges for sheep and cattle were destroyed or no longer safe. Homesteaders, and tourists with their few belongings, made retreats from

the afflicted field.

Blistered and weary, men looked in vain for clouds which might bring rain. The terrible heat prepared the standing trees for the

everincreasing volume of flames. It became almost impossible to

keep the men together. Kent, with one companion, "Pete"from the

Bar X Ranch, risked going into a narrow line of standing timber.

It was rumored that several men were trapped.

"Did they learn how this fire was started?"asked Pete.

"They believe they know,"responded Kent. "Looks like it

will go hard on the chap who thought more of a cigarette than he thought of our lives and all of this timber."

"You mean it started from a cigarette?"

"Yes; and this is only a tiny part of the damage done by cigarettes every year,"said Kent.

The great, barren peak of Mount Baldy was a welcome sight to men suffering from days and nights of overstrain. All efforts

SMOKE 65

were made to turn the fire straight up Clear Creek Canyon. It

would then be possible to cut in and use Baldy Mountain and Big

Creek in a final effort. If this attempt failed, the fire would have

to burn itself out. Men fought harder when the news of the possibility reached their ears. They ran into the very flames. The heat

of the inferno was everywhere evident. At midnight, the lull and

another master effort. The squads on opposite sides of the lines

turned inward. With faces scorching they came in sight of one

line was closed! Theanother. Then the last desperate spurt—the

fire was under control!

But it was not conquered. It was still a raging furnace that

might easily spread. The men fairly dropped in their tracks. Days

of nursing were necessary to some before they could return home.

Kent found his own ranger station a haven of rest. The

strain of the fight told on him. For days he remained near camp,

nursing burns and muscles poisoned from overstrain.

Several weeks passed in the doing of the regular duties of the forest ranger. The fire discouraged the tourists. It had even

proved dangerous to homesteaders, and some wondered whether or not the people would ever return to their lands.

The sun was casting an unusual gleam of crimson light on the eastern mountain peaks when Kent's attention was drawn from the brilliancy of the sunset to the front gate of the ranger station.

Several men were dismounting from their horses. It was a surprise to Kent.

"Can you take care of a bunch of hungry men?"came the sound

of a voice which Kent readily recognized as that of the District Superintendent.

"Come right in, Mr. Williams; are you hungry enough to eat

beans?""Yes; and a lot of them,"was the hurried reply. Big appetites, whetted by hard riding and fresh mountain air, were soon

satisfied. Seated on chairs, others with feet hanging from the railings of the porch, the men began the usual conversation of the mountains.

"See you are riding your outlaw horse?"

"Nothing but a broken pony tonight,"replied the proud owner of a horse known to the country as "Snake, the Outlaw!"

"It doesn't take many rides like the one today to tame the worst of them,"remarked another of the party.

"'Snake'has been gentle ever since we passed the Bar X Ranch this morning."

"You have had a big ride if you passed the X Ranch this morning."66 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"It has been hard,"returned Mr. Williams, "we have circled

the area covered by the big fire. It's our job to estimate the damage

done and to determine how we can improve on the method of fire fighting.""Have you drawn any conclusions?"asked Kent with interest.

"Under the dry weather, the shortage of men, and other conditions, we think it was luck that the fire stopped when it did."

The conversation between Mr. Williams and Kent came to a

sudden stop when Pete, one of the hands employed by the Bar X

Ranch, recalled his short talk with Kent during the fire. "You were

right about the fire being started by a cigarette, they traced the trouble to one of the surveyors. He admits he threw a smoke away,

and later returned to find the tool house surrounded by fire."

"You know, Kent, I never could figure out what you meant that day when you said, 'even more damage is done every day by cigarettes, than by fire, I have been thinking of that and I can't see what you were 'hitting'at. Seems to me we had about the biggest and most destructive fire they've had here for years."

With a smile Kent attempted to answer the puzzled man:

"Did it ever occur to you that a cigarette could destroy more than a forest?""Can't say that it ever has."

"The damage is not done altogether by fires. The cigarette

does its most deadly work right on the man who smokes it."

"Deadly,"responded one of the party who thus far had been content to listen, and puff at his pipe. "I've smoked for years, and

I've seen a lot harder times than you'll ever see, and I can stand up with the best of 'em right now."

"You might think you can stand even above the best of us, but I have no doubt, the habit of smoking would tell, if rigid tests were given you. Have you ever noticed the mountains which are

near the smelters and places where there is lots of smoke?"

"Why, yes, trees can't stand smoke, but that's no sign I can't."

"The lung tissue is just as tender as the leaf tissue, only the human body can adapt itself to conditions which plant life cannot.

In every leaf there are thousands of little organs which aid in the growth and strength of the tree. Leaves breathe and use the air

even as animals do. So important are these gases to plant and animal life that if any constituent part is missing or any impurities exist

in the air the life of plant or animal will suffer. In a man's lungs,

where the air comes in contact with the blood the tissue is very delicate. They must be thin enough to allow the oxygen to pass into

the blood stream almost instantly. We all know there is poison

in smoke, now what do you think the effect of this poison will have on all these tiny, thin, tissues?"

SMOKE 67

"Go right ahead,"said Pete, "this is quite an interesting lecture."

"I can't understand how the health and ability of that lung tissue to absorb oxygen could be increased, if for years those delicate organs are in almost constant contact with the poison in smoke,"continued Kent.

Mr. Williams had listened with interest: "Even though we

are all smokers, except Ranger Kent, I confess, and you will no doubt agree with me, that the use of tobacco never really helped anyone.

It is just a harmless habit, which gives rest to a man's nerves during a hard day."

"Science proves, however,"said Kent, that smoking is not harmless. Tests have been made for a period of years and the conclusions are unanimous in favor of the nonuser of tobacco. Here

is an interesting little article that deals with a big subject. It is

from the American Mercury, Dec. 1925. Listen to this: Nine out

of every ten men of voting age, use cigarettes as regularly as brushing their teeth. Five out of every hundred females, past the age of

adolescence, smoke. In 1917 America used 7,000,000,000 cigars

and about the same number of cigarettes. In 1927 the sales of

cigarettes jumped to 75,000,000,000, while the cigar sales remained approximately the same as in 1917. Considering the cost of cigarettes at one cent each and the cost of cigars at five cents, America

paid something like $1,100,000,000 for her smokes in 1925.

In the light of this, Pete, our fire here did not cost much. As far

as that goes we could find something to take the place of timber if it were all burned up. Men have made wonderful strides in many

ways. They can fly through the air with great speed. They can

build buildings that fairly pierce the sky; travel on top or under

water with safety; send the human voice for thousands of miles

without a wire. These and other things seem like miracles. But

never with all the skill and the genius of this generation, or those yet to come, can they find a substitute for a man's lungs. And

yet men pay millions for something that will weaken what only

God can create. The Bible tells us: 'Ye are the temple of God.

If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God'destroy, for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.'

"I've been interested in your ideas on the use of tobacco,"responded Mr. Williams. "Until that scriptural statement, I was

at a loss to determine your reasons for the nonuse of tobacco. But

I see it is because of a religious teaching."

"You are right,"said Kent, "the 'Mormon'Church teaches its members not to use anything that is harmful to the body."

And there ended the interesting evening. Six weary men had

retired, some, no doubt, thought of what had been said.

Pittsburgh, Pa.

Messages from the Missions

A Constant Missionary

Trudging along the highway of northArizona, but a native son of Salt Lake ern California recently, a missionary, pioCity, Utah. His missionary work comneer, and friend of man, made a final trip menced fifty years ago, when h; was called

of a thousand miles, visiting Saints, by President Brigham Young to go into friends and investigators, as a fitting cliArizona and help to colonize that part of max and finish to a successful shortterm the country, and he maintains that he has mission in that locality. This was not never been released from that mission.

his first mission, nor his second, but Since that time he has also filled a mission merely a part of a constant, lifelong misin Europe. Of this last missionary trip,

Mr. Rogers says:

"Before returning to my home I was desirous of going to the northern part of the state to visit some old pioneer friends, and

I chose the highway. My main object was

to meet and converse with people. From

Hollywood to San Francisco I rode in several cars, and had as many gospel conversations.

I returned by way of Sacramento and through the San Joaquin valley, visiting some of the old goldfields, which took me back to the old pioneer days during the great gold rush.

This trip of a thousand miles, made on the highway, was free from all traveling expenses;

and I met many broadminded people, with whom I left a clearer conception of 'Mormon'doctrine."

In speaking of the value of these shortterm missionaries and of Mr. Rogers,

Elder Dermont E. Ricks, of th; Long Beach

district, California mission, writes:

"These elderly men have been a source of inspiration to the younger missionaries, and have helped them greatly in teaching the gospel. Tbeir advice and counsel are of untold

Andrew L. Rogers, of Snowflake, value, and we rejoice in their companionship.

Arizona, lifelong missionary, who We regret to see the release of Brother Andrew was recently released from a short- L. Rogers, who leaves many friends among the

term mission in California. people. Every missionary has in his heart a

love for this good brother that can never be forgotten; and we extend to him our best

sionary service in the cause of truth. He regards, and pray the blessings of the Lord

was Andrew L. Rogers, of Snowflake, will always accompany him."

Meetings in Prussia Elder Kenneth O. Lindquist, district 1,400 persons who attended the four sespresident, Konigsberg district, states that sions. Meetings were held on Saturday

at a recent conference President James E. evening, the 1 7th September, Sunday

Talmage of the European mission and morning and afternoon also, at which latPresident Hyrum W. Valentine of the ter meeting a number of missionaries gave

GermanAustrian mission were present. A their testimonies and President Talmage

spiritual feast was enjoyed by more than explained baptism in an impressive way

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 69

followed by President Valentine. On SunSeptember, the missionaries spent six weeks

day evening addresses were given by Presin the country, during which time they ident Talmage and President Valentine. tracted 2,716 hours, distributing 18,802

The Konigsberg choir, under direction of tracts, and sold 150 Books of Mormon.

Elder Louis M. Ballard, composed of 75 Th:y had 1,753 gospel conversations and

voices, supplied the meetings with music. held a great number of meetings. All are

The following Monday morning a splentruly grateful for the splendid progress did missionary meeting was held where the made and for the blessings of the Lord missionaries were instructed in th.'ir duties. which have attended th.m in their labors

Their work has indeed been gratifying here in Prussia. We express our sincere

and the fruits of it are truly to be seen. thanks for the Improvement Era. It is an

In the Konigsberg district there are 1 inspiring and educational publication.

missionaries laboring. Prior to the first of Kenneth O. Lindquist, district president.

The Work in Liverpool A report of the activities in the Liverof investigators have been made and nupool district shows that in the six months merous cottage and street meetings have past the Elders have distributed 70,- been held. Thirteen have been baptized

838 tracts, spent 4,225 hours in tracting since the first of the year. The Northand engaged in 5,456 conversations on ern Daily Telegraph of September 5, gave

gospel subjects. Sixtyone copies of the

Book of Mormon, 3,393 pamphlets, and us favorable publicity for our confer32 other books of Church literature have ence. The work is progressing well in

been distributed. Many calls at the homes the eight branches of the district.

Elders, front row, left to right: William F. Forsey. district clerk, Salt Lake City:

David M. Kennedy, district president, Rivcrdale, Utah: Seth W. Pixton, secretary of

the European mission representing President Talmage, Salt Lake City; Ralph V. Chisholm, assistant secretary of the European mission. Salt Lake City: Kenneth A. Niclson.

president of the Manchester district, Emmett, Idaho. Back row: Edward M. Bunker.

Jessco C. Nixon, Salt Lake City; Archie Baird. Mink Creek. Idaho; Zenas \V. Bennett.

Syracuse, Utah; Frank L. Koons, Ogden; Douglas H. Petersen. Hyrum, Utah; A.

Faron Spackman, Richmond, Utah. David M. Kennedy, district president, Blackburn,

England. 70 IMPROVEMENT ERA

President Rudger Clawson Visits the East Michigan Branch

Work and humility in teaching the first distributed 1,593 Books of Mormon, principles of the gospel has been the theme 2,128 other books, 143,878 pamphlets, of the missionaries of the East Michigan 109,313 tracts, in the East Michigan disdistrict, Northern States mission. With trict. Our conference was held on the 14th

the elders laboring at the different parts, of September. President Rudger Clawson

splendid street meetings have been held and of the Council of the Twelve was withsuccess is reported. Many good friends and

us and delivered a valuable sermon onsincere investigators have come from the successful open air meetings. As many as law and order in the kingdom of God.

three meetings have been held in one evenThis was the largest conference ever h Id ing in change of street corners. Since in the East Michigan district. We can say.

March 1, to August 31, there have been the work of the Lord is growing.

Br E n Emfji yd* IfJg nvafi p HEra H \f

Left to right, front row: Leah Nielson, Redmond; Angelina Nelson, Woods Cross

Utah; President Rudger Clawson, John H. Taylor, mission President; Ellen Jensen,

Burlington. Wyoming; Mary Jones, Huntington, Utah. Back row: Raymond W.

Reed, district president, Safford, Arizona; Gail C. Bailey, Escalante; Francis H. Worley, Logan: L. Glendon Myrup, Centerfield; L. Verl Broadbent, Heber City; H.

Fenton Moffitt, Orangeville; Kenneth G. Peacock, Orangeville, Utah. Raymond W.

Reed, president.

President Talmage in Denmark

Elder N. Halvor Madsen, Danish mismage, of the Council of the Twelve, and

sion, reports great increase in baptisms over president of the European mission whose last year as a result of the diligent leaderinfluence was felt by all, young and old.

ship of Mission President Joseph L. PeterReporters and press photographers were

son, together with the cooperation of the notified of President Talmage's visit with missionaries and the help of the Lord. "We us and received invitations to attend our

have had with us Elder James E. Talspecial conference meetings which resulted

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 71

in many being present; and pictures were gospel conversations, and sold some Books

taken of our mission chapel and missionof Mormon. President Talmage's special

aries. The auxiliary organizations of the visit to Denmark was to arrange for a

Copenhagen branch met on Sunday aftersite for a new mission home and chapel, noon. Saints in outlying districts and of which we are greatly in need. We hope

missionaries from Malmo, Sweden, enjoywe may have the pleasure of soon seeing ed a very appetizing dinner in honor of a new one erected. Only in a few of our

President Talmage. The Copenhagen branches are we permitted to hold street

branch choir rendered many beautiful semeetings. We have encountered some diflections during the sessions. A meeting of ficulties from several newspapers who opthe missionaries was held in which they pose us, but it seems to result to our adbore their testimonies and gave their revantage in that it advertises what we have

ports, and President Talmage imparted exto impart to the people. We have only

cellent counsel and advice. Many of th.> 26 missionaries in this mission, hence, are

missionaries had walked from their respecgreatly handicapped, but hope th.1 Saints

tive fields of labor to Copenhagen to meet at home will see the great need of sending with President Talmage. They distrimore missionaries to us."Elder N. Halbuted tracts along their way. had many vor Madsen.

Missionaries in the Danish Mission, August. 1927

First row, left to right: Ida S. Petersen, president mission Relief Societies; Joseph L.

Petersen, mission president; Dr. James E. Talmage, European mission president; P. S.

Christiansen, editor Scandinavian Star; Wilhelmine Christiansen, assistant president

mission Relief Societies. Second row; Alfred L. Sorcnsen. Anders P. Andersen. Hans

Andersen, president Aarhus district; N. P. Rasmussen. president Aalborg district; N. J.

Larsen, president Copenhagen district; George Philip Jensen. Christian Dausel, Hans

Ogaard, genealogist. Third row: Peter L. Gregersen, Douglas Thomsen, Gunnar M.

Nielsen, Clarence B. Jacobs. Richard T. Andersen, Le Roy Larsen. L. Aage Kjolby,

Albert M. Olsen, Searen \V. Hansen. Fourth row: Clifton E. Henrichsen. Holger

P. Petersen, Hyrum M. Domgaard, Achton C. Jensen. Karl M. Thomsen, N. Halvor

Madsen. Lionel Danielson. president Malmo district; Larson and Wahlgren. The last

three named are visiting missionaries from the Swedish mission.

11 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Conference at Hilo Elder T. Hazen Exeter, district presference. The missionaries of this district

ident, Hilo district, Hilo, Hawaii, reports look forward to the arrival of the boat that the L. D. S. semiannual conference of that brings the Improvement Era, which n:ver

district held August 20 and 21. President fails to find us away out here in the

William Waddoups and Sister Waddoups center of the Pacific where out of sevenwere in attendance. Many of the Saints teen aviators that have tried to find these

have said that they had never attended a Islands, nine have failed. We extend

conference where they felt the Spirit of greetings to the readers of the Era in Zion

God in such an abundance as at this conand in the several missions.

Front row, left to right: G. Milton Williams, Salt Lake City; Sister William Waddoups,

President William Waddoups, Sister T. Hazen Exeter, President T. Hazen Exeter, Hilo

district; Lottie Cozier, Hilo. Back row: James McGuire, Honolulu; Charles Broad. Laie.

Albert Like, Honolulu; Leslie A. Lind, Midvale; Alvin B. Bonham, Clinton; D. K.

Kailimai, local missionary, Robert Plunket, Laie; W. W. Burt, Brigham City, Utah.

Activities in Stuttgart A very inspirational convention was held ent to hear the discourse and an overflowin this district in July. President and ing crowd of friends and members were in

Sister Hugh J. Cannon of the SwissGer- by a convention of the Relief Society and

man mission were present also several disalso Priesthood meeting, and in the City trict presidents and missionaries of the Swimming Hall by a baptismal service at

Stuttgart and Munich districts; in all which five were baptized. Sunday School

twentynine. A big feature and treat of took part on Sunday morning, and the

the convention was a speech delivered over school presented the pageant entitled "A radio about Salt Lake City and the "MorBrighter Day."Three hundred and

mons."The missionaries, having heard of fiftyeight were present, including many

this speech, but not knowing whether for friends. A marked feature of the M. I. A.

the good or bad of our Church, got busy convention held on the afternoon of the and made special arrangements to have a 24th was the showing of the younger genradio equipment put in our meetinghouse. eration of the Church. BeeHive Girls, Boy

By this means it was possible for all presScouts, Mutual members, etc., gave splenMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 73

attendance. This speech was given by Mr. did testimonies of the divinity of the work.

Bernhardt Kruger, a native, just returned The wellattended evening meeting was a from an extended trip in the United States. spiritual feast in which President Hugh J.

A very praiseworthy and favorable disCannon gave an excellent discourse and the course was given of the ideals and the acStuttgart choir numbering fiftyfive voices complishments of the pioneers of the Latenhanced proceedings by splendid work. A

terday Saints and of the doctrines, history total of 1,096 were present at the different and teachings of our Church. Excellent meetings1. We value the Improvement Era

descriptions of the Tabernacle and the very highly as one of our best aids and

Temple were given. The missionaries and companions in putting the message of the

the saints were indeed grateful for th: restored gospel before the people. Carl E.

gratifying word9 which were spoken in Richins.

Dur behalf. The radio speech was followed

Names of missionaries, back row: Ernest E. Stucki, Santa Clara. Utah; D. Hcrschel

Loosli, Marysville, Idaho: Alma Huber, Midway; E. F. Smith, Pleasant Grove; T.

Kenneth Bicsinger, Salt Lake City; Henry P. Fitzer. Salt Lake City: Reed G. Probst,

Midway; John R. Schaerrer, Payson; Glenwood Froyd, Cedar City, Utah. Second

row: Ezra Zollinger. Logan: Herman Ramseyer, Salt Lake City: Stanley E. Goodwin.

Lehi, Utah; Fred C. Horlacher, Ely. Nevada; John H. Bauer, Eureka; Douglas P. Walton.

Centerville; Eldred G. Smith. Samuel Keiser, Jr., Salt Lake City. Utah. Third row:

George Albert Smith, president of Essen district, Salt Lake City: J. Hamilton, president

of mission auxiliary organizations. Vernal; Sister Sarah R. Cannon, president of mission

Relief Societies; President Hugh J. Cannon, Salt Lake City; Carl E. Richins, president

of Stuttgart district, Henefer: David H. Calder. president of Frankfurt district. Vernal:

Leon D. Lindford, president of Cologne district, Logan. Utah. Front row sitting:

Robert A. Bowen, president of Hannover district, and Wayne D. Cannon. Salt Lake

City, Utah.

74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A NameSake of President Brigham Young Baptized at Ninety

I at one time heard a man say that he some time. Finally he expressed his desire

had shaken hands with the first and latest and was baptized September 6, 1927, by president of the United States. He had been Elder Walter B. Mason and confirmed by

permitted to se: President Coolidge; and,

so as to fulfil the above assertion he had his picture snapped while standing by thestatue of George Washington with his hand m in the President's. Even a more notable

incident happened when Brigham Young > J was entered into the fold of Christ, Septabove mentioned Brigstep—baptism.tember 6, 1927,Theby taking the initiatory fham Young is a resident of Watts, Calif. 1liL

H: has weathered the storm of life for over F / f 1

ninety years, born May 23, 1837, at Nau9voo, 111. He was privileged to know the |v

Prophet Joseph Smith and was blessed by | the second Prophet Brigham Young.

He is one in the family of twelve chil- 'mdren who were all members but him; the

reason was because of conditions arising making it necessary for him to be reared in..-AJB

a good, yet nonLatter-day Saint home.

pio- *faB he, of a sturdy band with In 1852, K-H V"H left plains. the crossed neers, Utah He

(for Nevada in 1856, but finally settled IrslV MMM near Gunnison, Utah. It was later, in

1919, that he became a resident of California. iffy";JBpsb

His mother was Temperance Jolly

Young, and father, Henry I. Young. He 1 MglssiB

married Mary E. Robinson. Henry I.

Young was the doorkeeper of the Kirtland Elder Cley H. Rallison. After coming out

temple, was a close friend of Brigham of the water and having hands laid upon

Young, but they were not related to each him for the gift of the Holy Ghost.

other, as far as known, then or now. Brother Young expressed the good feeling

Missionaries have been visiting Brigham that seemed to have encompassed him.

presenting the gospel of Christ to him for Marval Atwood.

A Bible! A Bible! We Have Got a Bible!

But who can say there cannot be any and teachings would be preserved and speak more Bible? Will the prayer of Enos be out of the ground with a familiar voice of

answered? Are the prayers of his fathers testimony.

being answered? God cannot lie, and he And in what natural way would God acpromised that according to their faith their complish this? Here is one way it is done.

desires would be fulfilled. They desired A Book of Mormon drive was carried on

the preservation of the Nephite Records. in the California mission during SeptemThey petitioned the Almighty that his ber. It most fittingly commemorates the

word would hiss forth unto their seed, and sacred beginning of the Book of Mormon's unto the Gentiles. They sought the Lord's journey from the Hill Cumorah. The Red

promise that their own inspired writings man's Bible has found the very center of

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 75

many men's souls, and its leavening influwill be! It has given to scores the first

ence is just beginning. thrill of missionary work! The credit for

The new San Francisco stake of Zion this idea is chiefly due to mission Preshas demonstrated the genuineness of its ident Joseph W. McMurrin, and W. Aird

leaders and membership by a lively and Macdonald, president of the San Francisco generous interest in the Book of Mormon stake. The execution of the plan is only

drive carried on by the missionaries durthe result of the Lord's promises to shed ing September. In one month 700 copies his spirit upon the gentiles until their time

of the Bible of the Western hemisphere shall be fulfilled. It is the prayer of the

were distributed by twentyone missionaries missionaries that the sacred books will be in the San Francisco district. Each adult prayerfully read, and lead many to

Latterday Saint was encouraged to place a fuller knowledge of God's merciful plan.one copy with his neighbor. What a great—J. Knight Allen, San Francisco district

aid in spreading the gospel of peace this president.

Complimentary President Jos. W. McMurrin of the hood. It is a pleasure to deal with this

California mission sends to the Era a letter type of men, for there is never any doubt of Brother Oscar F. Jesperson, president of as to their doing the utmost in their powthe Binghamton Branch, Arizona, written er and understanding to carry out any lawto him under date of September 1, 1927, ful order given them in line of duty.

by Albert C. Monro, Capt. 158th Inf., "For almost four years it has been my

A. N. G., Commanding Co. "H.,"Tucpleasure to command this organization and

son, Arizona. Binghamton is a Latterat no time during that period has there

day Saint community located about three been any occasion to feel other than proud miles from Tucson, Arizona. It exof the performance of any of the above

presses the personal feeling of Captain Elmentioned m:n and there have been membert C. Monro of the National Guard of bers from Binghamton almost since the orArizona: ganization of the company.

"This is to express the personal feelings "I feel that the people of Binghamton are of the undersigned as to the caliber of the doing a service to their country in allowyoung men of this organization who reside ing these young men to participate in the at Binghamton, Arizona, and to testify to training of the National Guard and can the value of these men to this organization assure them that this service to the State and to the National Guard of Arizona. and the United States is appreciated."ElIn my opinion these men represent th: bert C. Monro, Capt. 158th Inf., Comvery best type of young American man manding Co. "H."

Blessings

We never miss the showers We never miss the kindness

Till the grass is parched and brown; Which a friend, once dear, had given

We never miss the green leaves Till in the night of troubles,

Till the frost has brought them down. Our hearts with fear have striven.

So let us, while the sun shines

And the friend, still dear, is nigh,

Treasure up our many blessings

For the dim sweetbye-andbye.

A. Henderson

Current Events A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192728

Suggestions by the Committee for the regular teacher's preparation and

Class leadership is more than class teachgive him the "satisfactoriness"of success, ing. Some of the best class leaders in for others, by others, under his leaderfact do little class teaching, but they see ship.

to it that the class is well taught and they One of the chief aims of the Advanced are always present at the exercise. These Senior Class is the fostering of educationclass leaders have already secured the serval and social neighborliness. One of the

ices of persons who have the time and most effective means of reaching this aim ability to make a special feature of some is the "guest evening"plan, which prolesson in one of the manuals or some vides that early in the season each of the topic of current events. For example, enrolled members of the class formally inthe class leader, knowing the subjects to vite some one who is not a regular class

be treated, mentally or by inquiry, surmember to attend the class as his or her veys the community for "teaching timber,"guest. This will accomplish three things:

say from five to ten capable men and wofirst, an anxiety concerning the quality of men, and prospectively assigns each the session; second, an increase of attendto a lesson to prepare and present on a ance; third, a stimulation of the teacher

definite date. He th n secures their acto be at his or her best.

ceptance of the assignments. This will These special teachers, however much

create a wide interest among the comthey may enrich the lessons, will make the munity leaders, insure thorough preparamaterial in the manual the core of the lection for presentation, and draw a good ture. They should be informed of this

attendance. It will also give more time expectation.

1 Religion and Social Science Science Should Take a Holiday"Says Literary Digest, October 1? Is fun in-

a Bishop. compatible with faith in prayer? What

"Science Leads us Nearer to God"Deeffect would humor have on a hymn?

clares an Eminent Scientist. What about jokes in sermons?

The claims of these two lime lights are

The "Thing"in Familiespublished in the Literary Digest, October 1, 1927, pp. 3233. What does the This is the title of a cooperative article

Bishop mean by Science "Taking a Holipublished in the October number of the day?"Do you favor such a holiday? Reader's Digest, condensed from the OutIf you do, why? And if you do not, look of September 7, 1927.

why? The authors brand as "untrue"two

According to the Scientist, what kind of quite popular ideas: 1. That children of

a being does Science reveal a man to be? small families have a great advantage over

What does it reveal God to be? What does those of large families, and 2. That the

Science lead us "straight"to? What is more successful people are, the less likely

his belief concerning the purpose of everythey ar: to have children.

thing that happens? What do you think The "brand"has behind some very inof the testimony of the great scientist given teresting and quite conclusive evidence,

in his last paragraph? On what points showing that in five different lines of

do you not agree with Dr. Pupin. "The activities the students from the larger famGreat Scientist?"Wherein do you agree ilies systematically excel the others: 1. In

with him? the class room: 2. In extracurricular acWhat trend in religious sentiment do tivities other than athletics; 3. In athletics;

you see in the prayer on page 34 of the 4. In senior votes; 5. In college earnings.

CURRENT EVENTS 77

"In the class room the men who re- A study and disopinion—propaganda.

cussion of it will prove profitable.mained unmarried ranked lowest of all."

There is an almost steady increase in sucAt the close of the discussion of this cess from the unmarried men to the men article let the class vote as> to whether their with six or more children. The article opinions on the subject have been changed

is certainly something more than mere or not.

2 Politics and Industry /. The League of Nations meets once a year in September. The

There are three outstanding affairs in Assembly is the League's: representative

the world today which command first atbody, it is the primary policyforming intention: The Revolution in Russia, the stitution of the League, it provides for the

Revolution in China, and the League of League's revenues, it directs the League's

Nations. From the standpoint of governexpenditures by the adoption of an anment and politics, the League of Nations is nual budget. It is the institution which

undoubtedly the greatest experiment which accepts new members, which elects the nonman has attempted in the history of govpermanent members to the Council, which ernments. No thoughtful person has ever reorganizes the League and directs the afexpected it to be a thing of magic or a fairs of the League's various departments.

cureall for the ills of man. It is an assembly for debate and discussion.

The League's fundamental aim is to All nations represented in the Assembly bring about an attitude in the minds of are in theory on an equal, and each namen and governments which will result tion member, regardless of its size or inin the use of mediums of peace rather than significance, has one vote.

mediums of war in the settlement of disWe should pay attention at this time putes between nations. The League is, to the eighth meeting of the Assembly.

therefore, so organized that it may act as a The outstanding accomplishment was the medium through which the thought of all strength of the position of the small napeoples may be expressed and where grievtions in the League, and the declaration ances may be aired. It has departments for of Dr. Stresemann. representing Germany,

dealing with economics and labor, with that Germany was willing to accept the child welfare and slavery, with care of Compulsory Arbitration Provision of the women and transportation of arms, and World Court protocol. Germany is the

with administration of backward peoples. first of the Great Powers which has been

The International Labor Office, which is willing to take this great step, many of the part of the League organization, has already smaller powers have already accepted it.

become probably the world's greatest reReferences: Time, Literary Digest, League

search center in problems dealing with of Nations News. The Neiv Republic, The

industry and labor. The League has Nation (for weeks during the month of Sepbrought into being the International Court tember). Review of Reviews (for month of

Current History (for month ofof Justice which acts as a court to try October) October).,

International disputes. The League proper acts through its main governmental Questions for discussion and study

agency the Secretariat, which with its one 1. How many nations adhere to the

hundred and one various departments is League Covenant f 2. What nations are still

permanently established at Geneva, Switznon-members? 3. What is the status of

erland. Canada in the League of Nations? 4. What

The policy forming departments of the interestingada the lastthingelectionhappenedof nonpermanentin regard to memCan-

League are the Council and the Assembly. bers on the Council? 5. What will be the

The Council meets from time to time, and probable effect on the British Empire in this is mad: up of permanent representatives election? 6. What is meant by the term

from the major Powers and nonpermanent Britishtify AristrideCommonwealthBriand, Sirof AustinNations?Chamberlin.7. Idenrepresentatives from nine of the minor Dr. Stresemann, Dr. Nitobe, Viscount Cecil

Powers. The Assembly of the League of Chelwood.

78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

3 Science and Discovery /. The Darwin Shrine ities is that "fasts of long duration, conThe British Association for the Adducted under laboratory conditions, demonvancement of Science has recently anstrate that even complete abstention from

nounced plans looking towards the prefood for a week or longer is not especially servation of Charles Darwin's old home distressing, nor does it have injurious efas "an international shrine."It is sugfects which can be detected; while a regested by one writer that "this historic duction of 10 per cent in weight can

old home, in the village of Down in the easily be brought about in a few weeks,

Kentish uplands, may in future years rival with no bad effects, by merely reducing

Shakespeare's at Stratfordon-Avon, asi a the total caloric intake."

place of interest."Questions

At its last annual meeting in Leeds, this 1. How extensively is fasting employed as

same Association was addressed by Sir (a) a therapeutic measure, and (b) as a

Arthur Keith, a noted anatomist who rereligious rite? 2. What is the state of mind

affirmed Darwinism in an address entitled, of one who fasts? Is one more or less sug-

"Darwin's Theory of Man's Descent as It gestible during and immediately following the fast? What is significant in this fact for the

Stands Today."religious life? 3. Do these researches tend to

Questions support the fasting practice of our people?

See the Literary Digest, October 8, 1927, 2. What, Charles Darwin? was 1. Who 26. to sciencespecifically, his and page contribution was

human thought? 3. Is there any way in which IV. Poison Ivy

in antievolutionist can consistently revere Darwin? According to a recent report the best

See Current History, October, 1927, pages remedy for poison ivy is, of course, one 96103. that destroys the cause of the ailment

II. Fluid Fuel which follows contact with this plant. The

Science is trying hard to "increase the United States Department of Agriculture nobility of energy"by converting coal into recommends "the use of a solution of per- a liquid form, or "converting its energy manganate of potash to stop the itching, into energy in the electrical fluid."blistering irritation that follows contact

The transmission of power is an imwith poison ivy, poison oak or poison portant matter for the future of civilizasumac. Five percent of the compound in

tion. The distribution and quality of huwater is all the prescription your drugman life on the earth's surface, will be gist will need."This treatment is recgreatly affected by it. ommended only as a remedy for poisoning

Questions that has already taken place. For individ-

1. Upon what chemical principles can uals who know that they are likely to be

"fluid fuel"be produced? 2. What forms of poisoned by contact with the plant the

liquid fuel are now widely used? 3. What following simple wash is recommended:

the economic and beenhas effect on our social "five per cent solution of ferric chloride life, of the of transmission by wire? power

See Scientific Monthly, September, 1927, in a fiftyfifty mixture of water and page 281. glycerine. This is to be washed on all exposed parts of the skin and allowed to dry

///. Facts About Fasting there, before going where the dangerous

While men are perhaps the most sensiweeds grow.

tive of all animals to nutritional changes, recent scientific studies go to show that he Questions specific is the action of poison What 2. are skin? thecan experience a considerable decrease in ivy 1. on the human What

food "for prolonged periods"without distinguishing marks of poison ivy which can harm. The Carnegie Institution has rebe pointed out to children and others in order

cently published a book on fasting which to prevent contact with the plant? 3. What

summarizes the researches of Dr. F. C. other plants are poisonous (a) internally,

and (b) externally?

Benedict and Professor E. C. Ritzman. See Scientific Monthly, September, 1927.

The general conclusion of these authorpages 283 and 284.

Themes at the 98th SemiAnnual Conference

The observance of law and order, and laws of the country, and I will pay well "the commemoration of the one hundredth any man who will violate these laws.'

anniversary of the delivery of the plates of President Grant impressed the need of the Book of Mormon to the Prophet Josearching the commandments of God as seph Smith, were the leading themes of the contained in the Doctrine and Covenants, authorities of the Church in the October and encouraged the Saints to live in congeneral conference. President Heber J. formity with these commandments so that

Grant in his introductory remarks called they might be a shining light to the world.

attention to a statement made by the Atty. He referred to and read from the revelations

General of the U. S. in Bedford Springs, these significant instructions:

Pa., last June 22, in which it is said: "Search these commandments, for they

"When intelligent, educated men hold up are true and faithful, and the prophecies to ridicule the rules for its conduct which and promises which are in them shall all be society has made, intimate and by innuendo fulfilled. What I, the Lord, hath spoken,

and suggestion advise that such rules ought I have spoken, and I excuse not myself;

to be violated; ridicule and revile as unand though the heavens and the earth pass

desirable members of a community, men away, my word shall not pass away, but sworn to defend and enforce its rules; deshall all be fulfilled, whether by mine own

vote their intelligence, wit and resources to voice or by the voice of my servants, it is making crime and criminals interesting and the same."

attractive, why is it not expected that the "I, the Lord, am bound when ye do thoughtless, the unfortunate, the ignorant, what I say; but when ye do not what I say,

the vicious, will try to get rid of the opye have no promise."

pressors of the criminal in any way, by President Grant expressed the wish that any means, any violence that will be most he had the ability to impress upon the effective? Because someone pays for the Latterday Saints the necessity of searching

doing of it, and because the great body of the commandments of God, the revelations lawabiding citizens is complais>ant and say from the Lord, the Creator of heaven and nothing to show its disapproval, flippant, earth, as contained in the Doctrine and jeering writers, publishers, soapbox oraCovenants. If we as a people would live

tors, cabaret performers, sow the wind; up to those wonderful revelations that

and society reaps it in whirlwinds which have come to us, we would be a bright and blast and destroy."shining light to all the wide world. He

"The attorney general,"said President quoted further:

Grant, "without mentioning prohibition, "Let no man break the laws of the asserted that in buying any commodity, land, for he that keepeth the laws of God traffic in which is forbidden by law, the hath no need to break the laws of the purchaser is directly sanctioning and reland.

warding a violation of the law in exactly "Wherefore, be subject to the powers the same manner as does the receiver of that be, until he reigns whose right it is stolen goods, by making the transaction to reign, and subdues all enemies under his profitable."feet.

"It will not do,"the attorney general "And for this purpose I have establishasserted, "to say in the same breath: 'I ed the Constitution of this land, by the

believe in and demand enforcement of the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto 80 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this very purpose, and redeemed the land that coffee, that tobacco, that liquor, are by the shedding of blood."the things that this Word of Wisdom says

President Grant held that all Latterday it is not pleasing unto God that we should

Saints believe absolutely that the Constitupartake of. There are many Saints who

tion of our country was inspired of God, say: "Oh, that is> not by way of comand that he used wise men, noble men, as mandment;"but it is "the order and the

instruments in his hands for establishing will of God."And this is what the Lord

that Constitution, and when any law is promises to you and to me and to every enacted and becomes a constitutional law, Latterday Saint who observes this Word no man who spends his money to help men of Wisdom:

break that law can truthfully say that he is a loyal citizen. "And all Saints who remember to keep and

"There is a law, irrevocably decreed in do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall receive health in their heaven before the foundations of this navel and marrow in their bones;

world upon which all blessings are predi- "And shall find wisdom and great treascated ures of knowledge, even hidden treasures;

"And when we obtain any blessing from "And shall run and not be weary, and shall

God, it is by obedience to that law upon walk and not faint.

I, the Lord, give unto them a promwhich it is predicated.""And

ise, that the destroying angel shall pass by

Concerning the Word of Wisdom he them, as the children of Israel, and not slay was very emphatic. He read most of the them."

revelation on that subject, and in the course of his remarks said it was as necessary for Many of the brethren who spoke, and the Saints to obey the commandments of there were fifty altogether, made his rethe Lord which are laws to them, as to marks their texts in one of the most enobey the laws of the land. He stated that lightening conferences ever held in the

every Latterday Saint knows that tea, Church.—A.

Choose Happiness and Health

It is conceded generally that the use of Character and integrity are the prime tobacco is detrimental to mankind. Its factors in success and progress. Will

bad effects upon digestion, the heart and power is required to insure obedience to the blood vessels, the eyes, the hearing, the commandments of the Lord, and observnerves, and upon mental effort, should ance of the principles produces integrity.

be generally known. Education coming Presiding Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon

from a thorough knowledge of the poison stated at the recent semiannual conference of nicotine is a better preventive measure of the Church, that those who observe the than restrictive laws, however much legislaWord of Wisdom and endeavor to live in tion may help. Hence the need of educataccordance with the spirit of it, will reing the youth in this matter. Example, ceive blessings, temporal and spiritual.

too, is needed. A father who uses toThey develop physically, mentally, and

bacco can not expect his child to escape spiritually, and with it their will power its damning influence. to resist the things contrary to the advice

But the Latterday Saints have the diof the Lord and their own wellbeing.

rect word of God on this subject in the Medical authorities agree that the use of

Word of Wisdom that tobacco is not good cigarettes is harmful and weakens the moral for mankind, and the promises point to fibre of men and women, and that in the physical strength to the observer, and to case of women not only it weakens their intellectual vitality, but interferes also with the superiority—hidden treasures moral

of knowledge. These are gems of wealth physical functions of motherhood and the

worth seeking by any young man or welfare of their children. Bishop Cannon

woman, who wishes physical vigor and stated further that those who use tobacco intellectual superiority. are weakened thereby, and any success they

EDITORS'TABLE

enjoy is in spite of the fact that they use The result of the observance of the it. He referred to several examples: Word of Wisdom, Bishop Cannon testiRichard Washburn Child said of Theofies, is that it develops integrity and chardore Roosevelt that in year9 of intimate acter in men and women. Whether they

acquaintance he never knew him to take acknowledge that these principles have been any stimulant other than hot milk. Henry given of the Lord, or whether they accept

Ford is strongly against the use of liquor, them as coming from medical science, the and does not even allow smoking by his observance of the same makes for their welmen. Tom Mix, the noted movie artist, fare. From whatever source or idea they

does not smoke or drink. President Calvin gain the conviction, it is for their benefit,

Coolidge is opposed to the use of liquor. if they observe it; and, if they fail, it is

Mussolini, the great Italian dictator, says: for their injury. In like manner every

"I abstain rigidly from all kinds of alcoprinciple of the gospel brings its own blessholic beverages, even from the lightest ing.

wines."Also, he says, "Coffee is never You can prove these assertions by lookserved me at any meal. It is a stimulant ing about you among the men and women

compelling by its action a useless1 nervous in your own locality, for living illustration.

effort, resulting in no concrete good."Read what Dr. Oaks says of tobacco and

Charlie Chaplin, the noted movie its uses in this number of the Era. You are

comedian, says he does not use liquor. to choose; be sure you choose right, even

It is further stated that once in a while if it implies a sacrifice of your appetite for he uses a cigarette but without enthusiasm. a short time. Happiness and health are

He seems to realize that he is better withworth more than satisfying a vicious and out. degrading habit.—A.

Truth The Forum for October in its departHere are three more suggestions from ment on the definitions of words, discusses contributors:

the "Truth.""Truth"is one of the

most difficult of concepts to define, the "Truth is that which temporarily has

Definitions Editor confesses, and he apthe appearance of permanence."

proaches it in a spirit of cautious inquiry, "Truth is that unique symbolism of and feels disappointment in the answers reexperience or of phenomena that possesses ceived. However, in his opinion the best a maximum of accuracy."

statement of Truth's attributes, not an adequate definition, was submitted by Eli- "Truth is the voice of God speaking to nore Lennen, Los Angeles, California: the inner ear of man."

"Truth is that which we ask about, Pilatewise, not expecting an answer, nor daring In our opinion, the inspired statement of to wait for it. Many investigate it, few the Prophet Joseph Smith is as near as any

invest in it. Truth would make us free definition can come to Truth. Here it is

to think, but obligated to act. It is the for the Forum to use, if desired: "Truth

ideal which makes things real, the real is a knowledge of things as they are, andwhich makes things ideal."as they were, and as they are to come."—A.

Romance and Legend vs. Dollars

Many thousands of dollars are spent by ing and in the West generally, there is

Utah and Idaho and Wyoming people in some of the most remarkable scenery in seeing the sights of the United States in the world, which many of us have not bevarious places, not to speak of the held. Within reach of Salt Lake City,

millions that are spent by Americans, in one could spend easily a month in seeing

Europe each year. Utah residents spend marvelous sights of great attraction. Two

their share. In Utah, Idaho, and Wyomthings are necessary to cause people to

82 IMPROVEMENT ERA

take interest in them. The foremost, next Elizabeth Cannon Porter illustrates

to roads and accessibility, which are now scenes of great natural beauty abounding provided rapidly, is that people shall know in our canyons and mountains. And beabout them. Another necessity is, that hold what marvels the fathers and sons'

something shall be told about the setting outings are bringing to view; beautiful

and atmosphere of these places. Thre revelations of wonder!—all waiting for

are romance, tradition, legend and story light through literature. Within comwith every one of them. This offers a paratively few miles of Salt Lake City,

grand opportunity for our writers. The there are places of archaelogical significance

people should wake up to these facts, realrivaling those found in the old world, but ize their importance, and not sweep away which many people are passing every day pioneer incidents and attractive Indian ignorant of their whereabouts. It is quite

folklore like rubbish. Where else in the as important that we get people to speak

world is there anything like the Yellowof our West, to admire it, and recognize stone, the North rim of the Grand canthe loyal, lawabiding, and devotional yon, the Kaibab Forest, Zion, Bryce, Cedar spirit of the people in it, as it is to sell

Breaks, Bingham, the Cottonwoods, the them land or to inform them that the islands of the Lake, the Ogden canyon, bank credits of Utah, or Idaho, or WyomTimpanogos, the great Uintahs with their ing, have increased so many millions thousand these natural marwithin the past month. Romance and lakes—all of

vels brimming over with thrilling lore! color will awaken their emotions and

Frank Beckwith, in this number of the claim their attention more than the inflaImprovement Era, gives a good sample of tion of our money world. They will

fascinating legends that are waiting to be bring us dollars, too.—A.

told.

November—Attendance Month and the departmental sessions. They should

be made as interesting as possible through

It is urged that in every stake and ward careful preparation and despatching of all throughout the Church, special efforts be business and lesson work. The effort

made to secure the largest possible attendshould be made to make these gatherings ance each week of Aaronic priesthood so attractive that all those who attend in members at the weekly priesthood meetNovember will continue to increase in acings, during the entire month of Novem-:ivity.

ber.

In order to secure the best results, it Fruits of Tithepaying will require preparation in advance on the part of all of those having direction of the In the year 1922, the officers and mempriesthood. Those members who are now bers of Lethbridge stake instituted a camattending regularly should be encouraged to paign to promote the payment of tithes by

continue this regularity. Those attendall who should observe this principle.

ing irregularly or not at all should be The Saints of the Orton ward, of about sought after in the most effective way to 150 Church membership, had at that time secure their interest and attendance. Spesuffered from five years of partial or comcial attention should be given to the weekplete crop failures, and at this time were

ly priesthood meetings, both the general in a critical financial condition. Every

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 13

farm in the district was heavily mortgaged they can make a living even if their crops and not only was it impossible to keep up are poor. Yes, the Lord has blessed them

the interest on the mortgages, but several in "their basket and their store."But he

families were unable to obtain necessities has done more. He has blessed them with

without help. a desire to live their religion. No case

When the special tithing campaign was of immorality is known and practically inaugurated the bishopric of that ward told everyone keeps the Word of Wisdom.

the saints that the Lord had promised to The report of this ward for August, bless the tithepayer; and they felt that if 1927, shows 59% attendance at sacrathey would pay an honest tithing the Lord mental meeting, 35% at priesthood meetwould bless them. The people responded ings, and 100% ward teaching. The

to the appeal; and since that time the ward ward has kept one or more missionaries

has shown an enviable record in tithein the field most of the time. Their

paying. The last half yearly report shows auxiliaries are working well, and a large

that 90 per cent of those who should pay number of the saints are doing temple tithing did so during the first half of this work.

year. The monthly payment of tithes has This fall they are starting to build a

been adopted by most people of the ward, new chapel, and expect to have it comalthough they are all farmers and receive pleted and paid for next year.

a large part of their income in the fall.

As the Saints have filled their part of Field Notes the contract, what has the Lord done?

Until the present year the crops in general Maricopa Stake Priesthood Meetings:

have been either a partial or total failure Special efforts are being made in Mariand at best only fair. Almost all noncopa stake to lead the Church in attendmembers of the Church in the district have ance at ward priesthood meetings during

abandoned their farms and moved away. the months of October, November and

Our people have, however, remained, and, December. Their Priesthood meetings are

since 1922, have been selfsustaining. Tobeing held Sunday mornings at nine

day much of their indebtedness has been o'clock. To this end the work is being

cleared off. and the good crops of this year carefully organized with high councilors

will free most of them from debt. They in charge, in cooperation with the ward

will then be able to improve their homes bishoprics, to promote the greatest atand sustain themselves comfortably, for tendance of the members of the priesthood.

they have learned during the last five years A prize is being offered for the ward that that, with dairy cows, sheep and hogs, leads during this period.

Buddies

Side by side, they marched together, When the shrieking siren bullets.

Knapsack on each back; Rained their fire of hell.

In the damp and sombre trenches, Each strove to sustain the other.

Visioned each the rack. 'Til one buddy fell.

When there came a dearth of rations. "Buddy! buddy!"that was all,

Neither of the two, Then on to the fray:

Complained of his necessity, But one will hear a buddie's call.

Though each hunger knew. Till his life's last day!

I'rova, Utah. Grace Ingles Frost

MUTUAL WOR5L

OneAct Play Contest

In response to the OneAct Play Contest, competent committee and later the winwe have received 45 short plays. Out of ning one will be made known. We apthis number 24 come from Utah, 6 from preciate highly the response that we have

Idaho, 4 from Arizona, 2 from Oregon, 2 received to this important literary event, from California, 2 from Canada, 1 from which we hope will result in the selection

Holland, 1 from New Mexico, 1 from of a good oneact play, to be used with

Washington, 1 from England, and 1 havadvantage in the recreation organizations ing no address. of the West.

These plays will be passed upon by a

What to do in November

Stress the regular manual lessons, and see committee to solve pressing problems as rethat the classes are provided with teachers vealed by the survey. As this is a year for

enthusiastic in their duties. the working out of the third year plan,

At the Union meeting this month, and committees should check on projects that in four periods during the month in the are under way.

wards, the fouryear plan in recreation Fourth year: Fundamental projects seshould be taken up and discussed on the lected from among those of local comfollowing points: mittees which have proved most successful

First year: Meaning of recreation in the and which may be undertaken generally by

religious program of the Church. ill the communities throughout the Church.

Second year: Study of local problems Study the official Recreation Guide, also

in the light of these objectives. Recreation Bulletin No. 7, pp. 2736, this

Third year: Projects initiated by local year.

Budget System in San Francisco

General Superintendent George Albert for leisure time entertainment. The budSmith has received the following appreget system has been launched here. Tickets

ciation of The Recreation Guide, and givare now being distributed by able captains, ing an encouraging statement of what they representatives of all wards in the San Franare doing in San Francisco stake: cisco district. Five dollars will carry a

"We appreciate your letter of October 1, whole family on a social voyage from Oc1927, and are happy to know that you tober to July. The enclosed schedule will

are mindful of us. The Recreation Guide point out the many ports they may enter."

has opened a field of action to us, rather A scheduled program follows for recreathan reaction. In fact, had it not been for tional events, listing the wards and the

the Guide we would by this time be smothdates on which they are to be held. John

ered in confusion. It is our law. And it G. Larson, Harold R. Jenson, Helen Heath,

certainly is a credit to those who have Olive Wilcox, San Francisco Recreation worked out such a comprehensive program Committee.

Obtaining a Fuller Knowledge At the joint meeting of the M. I. A. very inspiring program was rendered before

officers, on Sunday morning. October 9, the large congregation: the theme was The

in the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City, a Book of Mormon. Many officers throughMUTUAL WORK 85

out the Church give encouraging testiphasis be placed on the Book of Mormon this monies of the progress of reading the recseason, that we shall lend our efforts to obord. Among these is this one from otherstaining toa doFullerlikewise;Knowledge,for, obtainingand encouragea Fuller

Clifford E. Young, Superintendent of the Knowledge is individual. It requires indiAlpine stake of Y. M. M. I. A.: vidual study and research, but like every other

individual labor, encouragement may come

Samuel Butler once said: "It is not what from without.

a man has written or put on canvass that counts; not what he has done; but what he We regard last year's slogan as a foundation

has made men feel what he has felt and aimed of this year's. Last year we undertook to enat."courage more extensive reading of the Book

And Stanley Hall; "Whether other people of Mormon, and it is gratifying to note the

really teach us anything is a question, but they number of boys and girls who responded.

do sometimes give us impulses that make us This year we are amplifying this work by find ourselves."incorporating in the plans of our preliminary

Some years ago in the old Twelfth ward programs a series of exercises calculated to meetinghouse, in Salt Lake City, there used stimulate interest in the reading and study of to meet each Sunday morning a group of boys the Book of Mormon. The book is full of

and girls. They were part of the Sunday dramatic incidents that lend themselves to

school of that ward and ranged in ages from dramatization and pageantry. Its stories are

12 to 14, as I now recall. The teacher was full of interest, and when properly told add

a woman of refinement and culture, possessed dignity and spirit to the exercises. Some of

of a fine faith. The subject was the Book of these we are incorporating in our programs.

Mormon. At this time we do not recall any Then, too, for the older groups, the book's

thosespecial lesson, but boys and somehow its its the interpretation message, philosophy, of feel thatgirls the of to Morwere made Book etc., a field Jesus, offer divine of message unof

is their in there true, developed were andmon resources, limited in keeping must mind as we faith. lives a confidence Subseandyoung

is its itself greatest that that the witness; book

quently, the boys of that group became memit is the inspired work of a boy less than twenAssociationbers the of Mutual Improvement a that, to years tyfour quote age; of from

the course of that was study ward.of The of board, the general of Book member "The

in a series as of outlined ofBook Mormon subjects immortality makes and God Mormon

B. Elder H.excellent prepared by manuals it private righteouspublic of faith; and makes

Roberts, and here again those young lives ness matters of practice; it identifies God with

were touched with that same spirit and conprinciples of morality. * * It teaches a deeper

fidence that had come to them through that consciousness between the Almighty and the fine teacher in the Sunday school. It was not individual soul, and attempts to unfold the

so much the facts they learned, but what they divine purpose in the rise, fall and progress of felt that counted. Faith and an incentive to nations."

seek knowledge came to them, and they began to feel some of the impulses that had first All this that we obtain a fuller knowledge prompted Joseph Smith, and as years passed, a greater appreciation, and while the task is some of those boys were to reflect those imnot an easy one, yet it is one worthy of our pulses in the mission field. very best efforts, and we approach it with conSo, at this time, we. in our stake, are in fidence that God will, "by the power of the

accord with the suggestion that special emHoly Ghost, manifest these things unto us."

Standards Committee Dissolved

At a joint meeting of the General Boards, day evening meetings, and other items held on September 7, 192 7, it was decided listed in the Handbook, to the executive to dissolve the Standards committee, thus officers of the M. I. A. The members of

reducing the number of committees from the general, the stake, and the ward Staneight to seven, and assign the work heredards committees throughout the Church tofore done by the Standards committee to may be assigned to other committeer as the committee on Recreation and to the occasion shall require. The change was

executive officers of the M. I. A. Heremade to simplify the program, and to avoid

after, therefore, the reading course will be conflicts in assignments, since the duties of handled by the committee on Recreation; the Recreation committee and the Standards

and the Slogan and programs for Fast Suncommittee were often in conflict.

86 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Reading the Book of Mormon The Upton ward of Summit stake, the should follow the example of the General second ward of Hyrum stake, and the Boards. Let the officers meet together in

Twentieth ward of the Ogden stake, wintheir stakes and wards, and decide to read ners in the Book of Mormon reading conthe Book of Mormon before the end of test last year, have ordered their selection the year; or, at least, before the end of the

of books from the reading course list, and Mutual year, June 1, 1928, and report the books have been forwarded to them. the reading to their respective wards and

We trust that during this year a great many stakes and to the General Board. The ofof the young people will read the Book of ficers should look well to the credit that

Mormon. Thousands of young men and is to be given upon the efficiency report.

women read parts of the book, last year; We hope that every stake in Zion will

some, the whole. At the special official show ten each month in the reading of the

meeting held at the Assembly Hall on SunBook of Mormon, this year. The Recreaday morning, October 9, it was emphasized tion committees should get busy in looking

that the officers of all the wards and stakes after the subject.

Finished the Reading of the Book of Mormon

This is a picture of Hortense Abia

Booth, 8 years of age, who has complied with the wishes of the M. I. A. organization and has read the Book of Mormon

through this year, finishing on the 21st day of September. Congratulations, Miss

Hortense! "She is seen holding the Book

of Mormon just as she had completed it,"writes Mrs. Daisy E. A. Booth, Lovell,

Wyo., to whom the Era is indebted for

the picture and information.

Every member of the Young Men's and

Young Ladies'M. I. A. should say to himself of herself, "What that young girl, 8

years of age, can do, I can do before the end of the year."No person is too busy

to read the Book of Mormon through, at least during the Mutual year. A few pages

a day will be very enjoyable work. Every

member should at least read 25 pages each month so as to get credit for the organization on the efficiency report. There ought

to be no association in the Church that should report less than ten per cent of its membership as having complied with that requirement.

EVENTji

The first honor in the international high the revolt in which King Alexander and Queen school oratorical contest, at Washington, D. C, Draga of Serbia were assassinated. He also

was awarded to Senior Arturo Garcia Ferfought in the TurkishBulgarian wars and was menti, of Mexico City, October 14. 1927. in prison. He had been in command of the

Miss Dorothy Carlson of Salt Lake City, who twentyfirst infantry regiment at Skoplje lately.

won the first prize in the national contest, For social work. Judge Hugo B. Anderson

held fourth place this time. The Mexican was reelected president of the Utah Conferwon not only in the opinion of the judges, ence of Social Work at the concluding session

but in the manifest opinion of the assemblage of their annual meeting Oct. 5, 1927, at the

of 6000 or more who crowded the WashingNewhouse hotel. Other officers reelected were:

ton auditorium to hear the final contest. He Miss Kate Williams, first vice president; Miss

spoke before diplomats from all the countries Elizabeth McMechcn. second vice president, and

participating: cabinet officers and their wives; Mrs. Amy Brown Lyman, secretarytreasurer.

countlesscators—angovernmentaudience, officialsin fact, andin easternwhich eduhigh NewSamueldirectorsStewart.chosenMrs.at A.theF.meetingPalm wereand R.JudgeN.

school students constituted a minority. Young. The holdover board members are B.

Two French arviators. Diedonne Cotes and H. Robinson. Dr. Arthur L. Beeley, Mrs. Ada

Joseph Lebrix, cross the Atlantic, from Le Griswold of Ogden and F. J. McGanney.

Bourget field, Paris, to Port Natal. Brazil. President Paul von Hindenburg, of GerThey left France Oct. 10. arrived in St. Louis, many, celebrated the eightieth anniversary of

Senegal, the following day. Here they were his birthday on October 2, 1927, with olddelayed by rain until Oct. 14. They left here time military delirium. Among the deputaat 6:23 a. m. on that day and landed in Port tions that waited on him was one headed by

Natal at 1 1:40 p. m. From Port Natal they Chancellor Marx. In his reply he expressed

intend proceeding to Rio de Janeiro and Buenos the hope that Germans would unite in "respect

Aires. for the opinion of others, for honorable new

Ruth Elder and George Haldeman, who left methods and for glorious past traditions."

Roosevelt field, N. Y., October 11, 1927, for The papal nuncio, Mgr. Pacelli. conveyed the

Paris, in the airplane. "American Girl,"ended felicitations of the diplomatic corps.

their flight, Oct. 13. when the plane was Revolution has broken out in Mexico. Acforced down in the Atlantic by a broken oil cording to the reports. Gen Francisco Serrano,

pipe. The fliers were picked up by the S. S. a rival of Pres. Calles. and thirteen of his folBarindreckt, but the machine was lost. They lowers, were captured on Oct. 4, 1927, and

had traveled about 3,000 miles and had 800 shot to death 'almost immediately. Gen.

more to make. And thus it has again been Arnulfo R. Gomez, another political rival of

demonstrated that transatlantic flying is not the president, was reported captured on Oct.

yet a practical undertaking. 5. From Nogalez. Ariz., reports, published

The American Federation of Labor wants Oct. 5. were to the effect that rioting had

beer, judging from a resolution passed by the taken place in the City of Mexico, that nine conference of that organization in Los Angeles, states were in throes of revolt, and that a great

Oct. 11, 1927. The action was taken in the many had fallen in street battles in many

adoption of a report of the resolutions complaces. Gen. Obregon is said to have pledged

mittee favoring concurrence in the recommenthe full weight of his influence in support of dation of the executive council for the sale of Pres. Calles in crushing the revolt. It remains

"wholesome"beer. A deafening roar of to be seen to what extent this turmoil is due

"ayes"the report says, greeted this proposition, to the antiCatholic crusade of the present but nothing was said about what percentage Mexican government.

intoxicating poison beer must have to be The revolution in Mexico is ended, accord- "wholesome."ing to an announcement from the City of

General Kouachevitch was assassinated at Mexico. Oct. 10, 1927. It was then barely

Istip, Jugoslavia, Oct. 6. 1927. He is said a week old, but during that time the Calles

to have been the best strategist in the Jugogovernment has caused 1 8 generals and 64 of slavian army, and his death is charged to Bulthe followers to be put to death, and marked arian intrigues. The newspapers demand war a number of others for the same fate.

against Bulgaria. General Kovachevitch was Telephone connection between Washington

one of Serbia's most noted soldiers. He founded and the City of Mexico was opened Sept. 29.

a troop of legionnaires during the war for 1927. by Pres. Coolidge and Pres. Calles exservice abroad, In 1903 he participated in rhanging compliments over the wire. SpeakIMPROVEMENT ERA

ing into an instrument in the Hall of Americas Springfield, St. Joseph and Kansas City. Mo.,

of the PanAmerican Union building, Mr. and in each of these places a meetinghouse was

Coolidge assured the Mexican executive that dedicated. The President and party visited

he was deeply impressed with the engineering Chicago, Sept. 24, on which occasion an addiskill that had linked the two capitals, and Mr. tion to the Northern States mission headCalks replied that he hoped the event marked quarters was dedicated. On Sept. 25 the

a new era of good will and mutual understandPresident attended Sunday school at the Logan ing in which needless differences would be set Square branch. In the evening he addressed

aside. Neither president could understand the the audience attending the services, when the

other, because Mr. Coolidge speaks no Spanish hall was filled to overflowing. Willard Andeand the Mexican executive scarcely any English, lin, one of Utah's celebrated singers, rendered

but their remarks, later translated, were carried a solo. The Presidential party arrived home

along the wire as clearly as if they had been on Wednesday. Sept. 28.

conversing in the same city.

Mrs. Mary Elvira Truelson Winter, wife of

A destructive tornado hit St. Louis, Sept. Mr. Arthur Winter, secretary of the Church

29, 1927, with the result that 69 persons are offices, passed away, Sept. 19, 1927, at a

reported dead, perhaps 1,000 injured, and local hospital, following a surgical operation.

property damaged to the value of $75,000,- She was born in Salt Lake, March 5, 1883, 000. According to the estimate of the Globe and was married to Mr. Winter in 1925. They

Democrat, 5,000 buildings were demolished lived at 229 C street. Mrs. Winter is suror damaged. With telephone service demoralvived by her husband, a sister, Mrs. Harold

ized, it took the city several minutes to learn Best of Riverton, and two brothers, Arthur O.

what had happened. The news of the torTruelson and Orson T. Truelson of Salt Lake.

nado was flashed over the city by radio, and Mrs. Lulu Ormsby Coff, wife of Harold

mothers in parts of the city unvisited by the Goff, managing editor of the Deseret News, storm were in terror as they awaited word passed away at her home in Salt Lake City, from the schools in the tornado district. The Sept. 20, 1927. For twelve years she has

twister was accompanied by a terrific rain been suffering from heart trouble. Her dewhich added to the desolation. Houses and parture at this time was all the more pathetic,

factories were crumpled in many places like because her husband was in Europe, where he toys. The village of Rudy, in the Boston went with a group of editors, the guests of the

mountains, in Arkansas, was partly demolished Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

by a tornado the same day. Of the thirtyfive Mrs. Goff was born in Logan. Utah. April

houses and business houses that sheltered Rudy's 9, 1889, the daughter of Doctor and Mrs. O.

150 residents, only the Frisco railway depot, C. Ormsby. She was married to Mr. Goff in

five stores and half a dozen dwellings remained the Salt Lake Temple in 1911. Four years

intact. Among structures demolished was the later she suffered a heart attack, from which

Baptist church. Fourteen homes were leveled, she never fully recovered.

while a barn and blacksmith shop were scattered over a wide area. President von Hmdenburg of Germany, on

Sept. 18, 1927, expressed his views on the

A special celebration was held on the hill war guilt, in an address on the occasion of the

Cumorah, Sept. 22. 1927, in memory of the unveiling of a monument in commemoration

uncovering of the Book of Mormon plates. of the battle of Tannenberg in August, 1914.

Sept. 22, 1827, by the Angel Moroni, and He said in part: The war. with all the tertheir delivery to Joseph Smith for translation rible sacrifices it demanded from the whole

and publication. President Heber J. Grant, country, was an extreme measure resorted to in

Mrs. Grant, and their daughter. Mrs. Anna the preservation of our existence against a host

G. Midgley. were among the attendants. Pres. of enemies. With clean hearts we marched

Henry H. Rolapp. of the Eastern States misout to defend the fatherland. With clean

sion, presided. The opening prayer was ofhands the German army wielded the sword.

fered by Pres. Brigham H. Roberts. The Germany is ready at any moment to prove this

speakers were Pres. Charles H. Hart, Pres. John fact before impartial judges."This is, no

H. Taylor, of the Northern States mission. doubt, true, as far as the German people are

Pres. Brigham H. Roberts and Pres. Heber J. concerned, but it cannot truthfully be said of

Grant. Major Howard Bennion offered the the military despots that ruled the people.

benediction. The same afternoon a meeting That war was the unavoidable consequence of

was held in the sacred grove, near the home of the policy forced on Germany by Bismarck and

Joseph Smith. The speakers there were Pres. the statesmen of his school. Italy, Germany's

Henry H. Rolapp. Pres. Brigham H. Roberts ally, refused to join Germany, because, in the

and Pres. Heber J. Grant. On the journey view of the Italian government, it was a war

President Heber J. Grant held meetings in of aggression and not defense.

TAKE ADVANTAGE OF DAYNES SIXTYFIFTH

ANNIVERSARY SALE Daynes celebrates the founding of Utah's Oldest Jewelry Store,. Sixtyfive years

have passed since the small beginning in a log cabin, until today finds a modern upto-date, four story building at 128 South Main. This has been made possible by

our loyal customers and in appreciation

We Offer During This Our Anniversary Sale a Discount of From 10 to 25%

On Every Watch in Our Store Remember every Daynes Watch is guaranteed and has passed our rigid test. pni

"That Buyer Gains Who Deals With Daynes"\fU/f/uItA

Send for free catalog on Daynes Individual

Sanitary Sacrament Sets

"/ got a big kick out of it,"said the farm hand who twisted the mule's tail. Perrms.

Two Jews met on the street in front of one of their stores.

"My goodness!"exclaimed Abie. "Vot is dot awful smell? I never smelt a place

like this!"

"The place is all right,"said Ikey. "Vot you smell is business—it's rotten."

—CouncilPrizefightingBluffs Nonpareil.is a cruel game, all right. But a million dollars will buy a lot of arnica.

Grandmother says that one reason why girls are naughty is because they get the shingle in the wrong place.—Los Angeles Times.

"Rich gold strike made in Philippine."Headline. Nature seems determined not to have

those islands independent. Virginia Pilot.

LETS GO TO

KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat"

For Breakfast—MissionariesLunch, Dinner, or Delicious Box

After Theatre Lunches -Homelike foods for the train!

prepared by "Gems of Good Cookery"women cooks.—put up to your order.

ICE CO. KEELET CREAM

So.Main160 SaMain 55 - 260 Sa State -D/alKgrsQuKiyDepL

5 Popular Stores

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Make Somebody Happy Today"

Send a Nice Fern, a Colorful Flowering

Plant or a Beautiful Bouquet.

ELLISON'S FLOWERS "The Messenger of Happiness"50 East South Temple Wasatch 2730

Professor Thinker—"I want to congratulate you, Mary, on the record I hear that your

brotherMary—"Oh,is making thankat theyou,University."professor. I am very proud of him. He has already been made

an F. Professor—-"Ah,B., and S. O., andI S.see,S."they are new degrees to me. Just what are they?"Mary—"Why, Full Back, Stroke Oar, and Short Stop."D. C. R.

are like after accident an after death. medicines advise Never a man Autogram.—Regrets

to marry is a of car. Speed sorry traveling or to buy a certain make companion. not always Do

judge a man by the kind of car he drives. Poverty and six cylinders suit ill together. Speed

bgins with folly and ends with repentance. The greatest remedy for accidents is delay. One

"road hog"spoils the whole procession. A thing of beauty is often an expense forever. When

beauty is at the wheel, blind men make the best jury. D. C. Retsloff.

--"Not Obtaining any Relief\ I Decided

to Give Fleischmann's Yeast a Trial

'"I am the manager of a large meat and grocery business at Midvale, Utah, and have had considerable trouble for over three years, with indigestion. I was especially

bothered after eating meals, when I would be troubled with gas pains.

"After trying many remedies and not obtaining any relief, I decided to give

Fleischmann's Yeast a trial. It proved very beneficial and after having eaten it for

six months, I am again full of pep.

"I am now eating three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast regularly each day before meals, and can heartily recommend it to anyone troubled with indigestion,"'

B. A. Rasmussen.

If you are troubled with indigestion, constipation, skin disorders and your system needs a toningup, eat three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast daily, one before each meal.

Eat it plain in small pieces, dissolved in water, cold or hot (not scalding), or any way you prefer. Start today and you will soon find that you, too, are full of pep.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers!

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Improvement Era Enlarged, Improved, New Type, New Cover want you to remain a subscriber, or become one. We ask

you to join the Era's big family of boosters. The EraWE

has a most important mission, an evervital message to deliver to the world and especially to the young people of the world.

It carries into the home a spirit of peace and encouragement—the

spirit of the gospel of Jesus Christ. It contains desirable literature

for young and old of every home. The Era is devoted to valuable,

clean reading articles that have a strong appeal to Home, Church and School. In ethical discussion, stories, plays, descriptive articles

and religious instruction, it stands high in merit.

Make sure that your name is on the subscription list for call your neighbor's attention to the value of theVolume 31—then

Era on the family reading table boost you have finished it—when

with a number, let your neighbor see it, read it, as a sample of the information and inspiration that other numbers contain. Join the

family of boosters. Let us put the Era into fifty thousand homes.

Father, mother, son and daughter will find the Era adaptable and acceptable to their use. It is full of literature carrying an influence

which quickens and stimulates all that is good in the human soul.

One must read the Improvement Era thinkers who takes food for thought, and and he will want it. If a person reads it, therefore has cause to think. Read The

he will appreciate and love it, and raise Improvement Era.

the i $2.00 per annum to pay for it even ru he bra. r- willn contain instructive, original.,,

if he has to forego a picture show, now messages from leading Church authorities, speand then during the year, or a dance, or a cial articles on pertinent topics of the day soda. He will find more diversion, joy.'Doctrinegraphy. Archaeology,Religion, ScienceI ravel. Commerce,History, Bioetc.

value, helps to right living, in a copy of fiction Stories and Narratives, of rothe Era than in any other recreation of mance and adventure, by writers in various - *}l f"!! t like cost. Think of it, less than 4 cents. Partjgood morals.of th VERSE, 'T"Tby the best*nd e colPLEASINGly

a week for 100 pages of faithpromoting known writers of 'Mormondonr and others, reading, doctrine, stories! In a family of -..

, Besides, definite departments,P cost..i.the a cfour..to,less is reducedj uthan all instruction for cent sources of and in4matlonregular strip each. for the all others, out a week comic attentive to Cut interested, directly and

and read something valuable, useful, and on M. I. A. work including Scout and M

Aaronic work, Senior Advanced activities;,:, fc,i;;,ictditonals Messages,.,, worth,, remembering., 6 r,Read, something, 6 Men,-,Priesthood Mission,, and,

worth thinking about. Be one of the ancj Passing Events.

The three styles of new type used in Volume 31, are shown on this page. Twelve big

numbers of the Era for $2 in advance. Volume 31 begins November 1, 1927. Respond

to the solicitation of your ward M. I. A. canvassers, or send your subscription to

The Improvement Era 4 7 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 11'HEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only tile highest class of advertising. We recommend to our

readers the firms and goods found in our advertising pages

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Daynes Beebe Music Co. L. D. S. Business College

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. salt Lake Loan Office

Daynes Jewelry Co. Salt Lake Knitting Co.

Deseret Book Store Southern Pacific Lines

Billion's Flowers ah Home Fire Ins Co.

Fleischmann's Yeast UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Utah Power & Light Co.

Keeley Ice Cream Co. Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

Just when everybody is thinking about world peace comes the mournful news that things are once again normal in Mexico. Punch.

Just when everything seems to be progressing toward the decline and fall of the American home, father comes in to find fried chicken for supper. Baltimore Evening Sun.

A patch on the pants show more than three on the pajamas. Perrins.

Too Busy.—"Why have you discontinued your morning cold plunge. Bertie?"

"Because I don't seem to have the time now, Charlie."

"But Bertie, a cold plunge only takes a few minutes."

"I know that, but I spend a half hour hesitating about it."A. E. H.

Did Ton Ever Think of Thisf

If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information ''Utah's Largest Commercial Training School'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ATTENTION ADVERTISERS This is the new enlarged form of the Improvement Era. It

will attract added attention and result in increased circulation. We

invite all advertisers to consider this popular magazine in the placing of advertising.

See that your 1928 budget includes the Era.

ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT, IMPROVEMENT ERA

Song Hit.—My Sweetie Has a Lot of Dresses, But She's Almost Always Nearly Out of

. Perrins.Them

The teacher asked her pupils to turn in a short story on some domestic fowl or animal.

Little Johnny outdid the rest of them by handing in this gem:

"Geese is a low, heavy bird which is mostly meet and feathers. His head sets on one end

and he sets on the other. Geese can't sing on account of the dampness of the moisture.

"He ain't got nobetween-histocs and he's got a little balloon in his stummuk that keeps him from sinking. Some geese when they gets big has curls on their tails and is called ganders.

Ganders don't haff to sit and hatch but just eat and loaf and go swimmin'. If I was a goose

I'd rather be a gander."

Electrical Christmas Gifts Have This Definite Virtue

There is a wide variety to choose from and you may be certain of pleasing men and women, boys and girls. Even a

dollar will buy an acceptable gift.

An Electrical Gift is enduring—they retain their beauty

and newness. Their usefulness never passes.

They remain as a pleasing reminder of the giver through the years to come.

There is always unmistakable good taste in giving electrical ware at Christmas, for birthdays, for weddings—and

on all other occasions.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

The Electrical Gift Shop

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $13,994.35 Paid

To readers of the Deseret News

Protect Yourself and Family One Year—One Dollar

The wise person will act now.

Tomorrow may be too late Call or Write TRAVEL AND, Jj? learnt fouiB

PEDESTRIAN Was. 550 Salt Lake City, Utah ACCIDENT

INSURANCE

If your head is wax, don't walk in the sun.

Don't cry over spilt milk; give the cat a chance.

"It's difficult to keep a good meal down,"said the seasick sailor. Pectins.

Deductions—Two things can cause *knocks—envy* * and carbon. The people who have

theories about raising children, are always the people who do not have any children. Every

one wants a few friends, so no one can afford to tell the whole truth about everything. Men

with callouses on their hands don't have time to complain about "The country going to the dogs."Heavenly sunshine is necessary to the growth of flowers of the fields. Mental sunshine is necessary to the development of talent of the mind. D. C. R.

Utah Made Sugar The Equal of Any Sugar in the World

100% PURE 100% FINE 100% FOR UTAH

BEET SUGAR ON EVERY TABLE

BEET SUGAR FOR PRESERVING BEET SUGAR FOR EVERYTHING

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CHRISTMAS GREETING CARDS ORDER YOUR CHRISTMAS GREETING CARDS NOW!

At your request we will send, free of charge, our illustrated folder and price list.

We will appreciate your sending us your order as soon as possible

Saturday Night Thoughts Will Be Ready About November 10th

ORDER NOW!

Mail Order Given Prompt Attention

Deseret Book Company 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1927 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure "but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADl ERTISEKS, PLEASE MENTION THE 1MPROVEMEXT EJ< l

J N ANIJEUSEN PIHJVtJ 1)13 HUT 13 OX HI!)

attractive:

discounts To Missionaries A DEPENDABLE OX JEWELRY, PLACE TO SAVE LUGGAGE, ON CHRISTMAS KODAKS PURCHASES

(Siegel Jewelry Co.)

76 EAST 2HSOUTH STREET

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfillment of these it Marvelous? Think You Not

Your income accident should suddenly snatch or illness Desires—Wouldto continue even though

array college oryou render for for Income your you unfit work. An

now. children. for wife—afromeducation ownership your In ten years The of your home

The possibility of retirement and the joy of travel and leisure in your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realised if you act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy is the Key to Success

Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

Heber J. Grant, President Lorenso N. Stohl, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA