ANNIE C NELbON

Vol. XVI FEBRUARY, 1913 No. 4

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS

THE YOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS.ANDTHE 5CHOOBS OF THE

CHURCHOF JE.5US CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. I

DESERET NEWS BOOK STORE BOOKS HEADQUARTERS FOR ALL GOOD BOOKS

Histories, Novels, Biographies and books by local authors BEFORE THE SMOKE Special prices to Quorums and

CLEARS AWAY Y. M. M. I. A. on

On your firestricken shop, factory, quantity orders office or store, you can resume business if insured with. us. No 1 longunnecessary delays in adjusting, no Deseret News Book

haggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses every time. It's to our Store

interestagain—weto canget youInsureset youup inagain.business

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH

Heber J. Grant & Go. 2026 So. Main St. Salt Lake City,K*Utah

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue OFPICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT

31, 23 and 25 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

they give splendid satisfaction. ZX.M.I. Are made of solid leather throughout,

Factory WyomingBootees madeor especiallySummit Shoesfor hardfor servicethe man whose work demands s t r o n g, serviceable SHOES shoes. School shoes for Boys.

"MOUNTAINERR"orTHE LEADER NEVER

Rl"Overalls are honestly made. Ask for them.

WHBH WHITWQ T9 4DVBKT1SERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA'

I'll Trust in Him Who Rules on High

Words and Music by R. Michelsen

\- zf==:m$1. I'll trust in Him whomfTrules on higb, Re-

2. I'll trust in Him whose pow'r and love, Were

3. I'll trust in Him, what-e'er be falls, Nor

pe-t t i -y—gj- -——i—j—9 st r

deem - er, Lord of Hosts, To mark the way my voiced through deep - est woes;"Thy will, God, not

- low me, He fear, though storms oppose, Come fol

fr>f-7T'f P lHr

rp j.? T: dL rsfc tzp== 1 S- up?

steps to guide; I'll trust in Him, He knows,

mine be done; I'll trust in Him, He knows,

plead - ing calls; I'll trust in Him, He knows.

,/—i i—-- -s>- rv* =7=14-+ THE LATTERDAY SAINTS'CHAPEL AT SUNDERLAND, ENGLAND

Here the Latterday Saints taught the principles of the gospel, and served the

Lord. Owing to prejudice, created in the minds of the people from hearing false and

defamatory reports of the Latterday Saints, a recent mob, numbering thousands, ignorant of what they did, let us hope, broke every window in the building; some went

into the auditorium shown in the lower picture, stood upon the pulpit swearing, upset chairs, turned the stove over, and released into a crowded room foulsmelling fumes.

The elders standing back of the pulpit are A. G. Brain, Joseph Parmley, R. Belknap,

President Lichfield, Prof. J. J. McClellan, E. Stevenson Wilcox, Master Douglas McClellan, E. J. Meed and W. Simpson. In the upper picture the same group are shown

in front of the chapel. Anti-"Mormon"posters on the building to the left, people

"peeking"through the curtains in adjoining buildings, and the giggling boy on the right, show the spirit of the place. Should the mob come to Utah, singly or in company, the Saints would gladly show them every courtesy, and with this same McClellan

at the organ, give them an unexcelled musical entertainment, and convince them that

Latterday Saints are among the purest, most cleanly, virtuous, intelligent, and broad minded people in all the world. The citizens of Sunderland need enlightenment.

Improvement Era

Vol. XVI FEBRUARY, 1913 No. 4

The Conquest of Drouth

BY JOHN A. WIDTSOE, A. M., PH. D., PRESIDENT OF THE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE OF UTAH, AND OF THE INTERNATIONAL DRYFARMING CONGRESS, 1912*

The DryFarming Congress, which was organized in Denver, Colorado, nearly six years ago, was no doubt at first intended to meet the needsof the western United States; but, almost from

the moment of its inception, its worldmission began to be understood. Within a year after the first session it had assumed a

national character, and within two years it was truly an organization of international interest.

Since the organization of this Congress, dryfarming has become a household word in almost every corner of the earth.

To the six sessions, already held, practically all the great nations have sent delegates-, and upon the platform of this, the seventh session, sit accredited delegates from half a score of countries.

From Australia to the United States, by way of South Africa,

North Africa, Hungary, is a series of auxiliary dryfarming congresses. The correspondence of the Congress is in all the civilized

tongues of the earth; and the meagre literature of the subject is

being translated into the halfdozen leading languages of man.

Moreover, so far as I know, this session of the Congress is unique in that it is the first time that a purely agricultural organization without governmental support, has gone beyond the country of its birth.

This remarkable history of the DryFarming Congress certainly indicates that the problems of dryfarming are of living, worldwide interest. I shall, therefore, take the liberty of devoting the time allotted me, to the definition of the purpose and problems of the dryfarming propaganda.

*The president's opening address, delivered at Lethbridge, Canada, session 1912.

282 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Purpose of the DryFarming Propaganda

There would be no. dryfarming if plants were not large consumers of water, or if all parts of the earth received a sufficient

and regularlydistributed supply of rain. The fact is that plants

use in their growth immense quantities of water, and the rainfall of the earth is distributed very unequally, both as to the total quantity, and the time of the year during which it falls.

The question of rainfall is the preeminent one in dryfarm- ing, since some parts of the earth receive an excessively large annual precipitation, far beyond the needs of crops, while others receive much less than is necessary under ordinary methods of tillage for crop production. Moreover, in some places the rain

comes chiefly in winter; in others in summer, and in yet other

places during the spring and fall. In only a few localities is the

rainfall distributed equally over the year. To further complicate the problem, the annual rainfall in a given localitv is not the

same from year to year; for, as is well known, a tolerably wet

year may be followed by a dry year, or vice versa. The agricultural control of the water that falls from the heavens, in spite of

varying seasons, and the use of even a limited supply for crop production, are the problems of the dryfarmer, and justify the existence of dryfarming as a science.

It must be said that while the total annual rainfall varies somewhat in any one place, from year to year, the variations are small and remain the same from generation to generation. The

pioneers of a new land generally believe that the climate changes as settlement progresses, but exact records do not bear out this view. True, only about 150 years of records, with modern instruments, are at hand, yet during that period there has been no perceptible change of average climatic conditions anywhere on earth.

The recorded history of the world bears out this view. For instance, the study of the history of the vineyards of southern

France lead to the belief that during the last 500 years there has been no change in the climate of France, whether temperature or rainfall is considered. Likewise, the study of the production of

date palms in the Orient has established with considerable certainty that since the fourth century B. C, or during twentythree

centuries, in the date palm regions, there has been no appreciable climatic change. From generation to generation, the average climate, the world over, has been constant, and no doubt will remain

so for ages to come.

The only real climatic changes have been fluctuations from year to year, for climate, like a pendulum, swings with a somewhat irregular motion from one extreme to another. A dry year,

the driest in a series of years, is followed by wetter years until the wettest is reached; then there is a gradual irregular return

THE CONQUEST OF DROUTH 283

to the dry condition; and the process is again repeated. Usually

the cycle is short, from eleven to thirtyfive years. The average

difference between the coldest and the warmest years of such a degrees F. in temclimatic priod is small—seldom more than two

perature; and the rainfall of the driest year is, on the average,

only from oneeighth to onefourth less than the rainfall of the wettest year. That is to say, in the driest year much rain falls, but

ordinarily out of the growing season. Moreover, the driest year

does not cover the earth at the same time. It is invariably local,

and may occur in one place, at the same time that the wettest year occurs some other place. These variations are really so small

that with improved methods of tillage they should interfere little with the progress of agriculture, yet they have been the cause of much human suffering, for the driest year in a short cycle of climatic change is the feared year of drouth.

The Deadly Drouth

The pages of history are crowded with the records of the disasters caused by the occasional deficiency of rainfall, the socalled drouth, representing the dry years in the cycle of climatic change.

The Bible, which represents a very early period of man's history, abounds with references to drouth. The very beginning of the

Hebrew nation is definitely connected with the great drouth which came over the countries adjoining Egypt, and which forced the people of these surrounding lands to come to this granary of nations for food. Even in Egypt itself, as will be remembered, the

drouth raged for seven years, and had not Joseph saved the grain of the preceding fruitful years, not only the surrounding nations, but Egypt herself would have suffered. Later, when Israel

entered into the promised land, their God took occasion to warn them that although it was a land flowing with milk and honey, if his law were not observed, drouths would overtake them and famine would destroy them. The early Assyrian code of laws,

recently unearthed, declare, with the same fear of drouth, that when drouth settles upon the land the farmer who tills rented land shall be free from obligations to the owner of the land, for

God has willed this irresistible evil upon the land.

The literature of all ages, whether of prophet, poet, or the teller of tales, abounds in reference to the terrible danger of drouth. You will remember that even in the fables of yEsop the

fox who fell into a deep well said to the goat who was passing by, and who inquired what the fox was doing clown in the well, "Have you not heard that there is going to be a great drouth. I

jumped down here to be sure to have water by me; why don't you

come, too,"upon which the goat jumped down, in great terror of 284 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the coming drouth, and the fox, jumping on her back, was able to get out of the well.

The year of drouth, the driest year in the cycle of climatic change, with its crop failures, stalks through the ages, past and present, as the supreme enemy of agriculture, and therefore of mankind. Drouth has been looked upon as a providence of God,

which mortal men could only accept and die. In the trail of

drouth, and following it closely, have always been its deadly brood: hunger, famine, pestilence and all manner of human distress. History, in its patient recording of famines, has indirectly

given, often with minute exactness, the progress of drouth; and

the burden Of the story is that if war and disease have killed their thousands, drouth has destroyed its tens of thousands. In view

of the mission of dryfarming, it may be well to review, for a moment or two, the fearful effects of a few historical drouths.

The famines of India have been recorded with terrible fidelity. The known drouths in this poor country run into great numbers, but a few of the great, outstanding ones will show their

awful results. In 941 A. D. there was a famine of such terrible

degree that cannibalism was permitted, and men ate their fellows, so that some might live. In the following seven centuries there

was a rapid succession of drouths and famines, averaging above ten years per century. In 1344 the drouth was so intense that

even the emperor had difficulty in securing food for himself and his immediate family. In 1769, in one of the great provinces, onethird of the population, or 10,000,000 souls, died from hunger.

In 1790, the famine was. so fearful that the dead could not be

counted, much less buried, and were left in the fields and on the roads as they fell; in 1838, in one province alone, 800,000 persons

perished from hunger; in 1861, the whole of northwest India was

scourged by drouthfamine; in 1869, one and onehalf million persons died of famine; in 1876 to 1878 five million persons died of

famine, and we all remember the drouth of 18991901, in India, when one million persons died. That is, in 132 years of the most

enlightened age of the world, five drouths in India caused the death of nearly nineteen million human beings, not to say anything of the many minor famines. This appalling story makes

one feel that the greatest problem of India is the conquest of drouth.

While drouths have been recorded more completely in India than possibly in any other country, it does not follow that drouthfamines have not covered other lands. China has not yet opened

her records, but we know that in recent times fearful drouths have devastated the Chines nation. In 187778 a famine occurred

from which nine and onehalf million persons perished; and in

18871889 another fearful drouth occurred in China. In the year

THE CONQUEST OF DROUTH 285

436 B. C. the famine resulting - from drouth in Rome was so intense that thousands of people threw themselves into the Tiber

rather than to face the agony of starvation. In Egypt a great

drouth occurred 32 B. C, and in 1064 A. D. another seven years'

famine rested upon that country; other smaller drouths have since

occurred in Egypt. Europe, from which most of us here have

been derived, has been scourged by drouth from the very beginning of its occupation. There are recorded drouths of fearful

magnitude in 879, 1016, 1162, and scores of drouths since the latter date. Russia, in recent days, has been subjected to several

great drouths, among them one in 1891 and another in 1905, both of which caused large losses of life. In Germany the drouth of

1125 was so complete that onehalf of the population died; in

1817 there was another great drouth, and as is well known, during the last two summers, Germany, especially in the northeastern part, has suffered seriously from a deficient rainfall. In Hungary,

the drouth of 1505 was so intense that parents ate their children to save their own lives. England, which is supposed to be drouthfree, has had its share of recorded drouths, some of which have

been national disasters.

Great famines, with their consequent loss of life, that have accompanied drouth, are not likely to recur as frequently as in the past, for modern methods of communication by rail and water will enable the countries of good seasons (and droutns are always local) to supply the drouthridden countries with the necessary food. Nevertheless, though human life be not lost, great economic losses occur whenever crops are destroyed by drouth, and

the loss in wealth retards, greatly, the progress of the people. It

would be folly to attempt to estimate the gigantic losses that have been occasioned by drouths.

Man the Master

I have dwelt so long upon this matter, for it is one of the great problems of mankind that must be solved by an advancing civilization. With the historical record of recurring local drouths

before us, and with the certainty of a practical permanency of climate, which means that the dry year is sure to recur, it is inconceivable that modern man will submit to the losses and distresses caused by drouths. Rather, he will rise in the might of the accumulated knowledge of the ages, and forever banish the years of

drouth from the knowledge of man.

How may it be done? Naturally, by the proper conservation

of moisture in the soil so that crops can pass through a rainless season without hurt. The rainfall even in the year of drouth,

is usually large enough to produce fair crops, but it comes before

286 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the growing season, and falls on lands depleted of moisture. The

soils must be so tilled that moisture is carried over in them, from year to year, and that the rainfall, whenever it comes, may be absorbed by the soil and there held until needed by plants. That

is dryfarming pure and simple. To dryfarming, then, is committed the task of so enlightening the world that drouths, hereafter, will be due either to ignorance or to indifference. This,

the conquest of drouth in humid and subhumid regions, must be hereafter one of the main concerns of dryfarming. And, let it

not be forgotten that if dryfarming methods are applied to humid and subhumid regions to prevent crop failure from drouths, the yields during normal years will thereby also be greatly increased.

Aside from any protection against drouth, the methods of dryfarming might well be adopted by the occupied parts of the earth, because of the increased crop yields that would result, every year.

The other and original problem of dryfarming is the extension of the area now occupied by man, by devising methods whereby la ids that receive little rainfall, lands that may be said to be in a tate of permanent drouth, may be made to produce profitable t. "ops also. The present occupied agricultural areas

of the woi! I receive an annual rainfall of twenty inches and upward. The areas that receive less than twenty inches of rain

annually, the arid and semiarid areas, have been until recently untouched by the plow and in fact have been denominated "deserts."In fact, over many of them the average rainfall is smaller

than during the fearful year of drouth in humid regions, before which the nations have bowed these many centuries. These socalled deserts cover more than onehalf, nearly sixttenths, of

the entire land surface of the earth, and offer an opportunity of conquest unequaled in any other domain. Until recent years the

best use made of this vast area of land was for the support of herds of cattle and sheep, that grazed upon the scant natural herbage for a few months in the year. Five to ten acres were often

held to be barely enough for the sustenance of one sheep, and often one hundred acres were required for a steer

In the minds of the few who dreamed of the conquest of this measureless "desert,"the ancient art of irrigation seemed to be the only method of reclamation. In fact, the certainty of splendid crops tinder irrigation is unsurpassed, and when irrigation

water is placed upon the rich, arid land, a productive garden results. However, irrigation will always be of limited application. In arid and semiarid regions, land is plentiful, and flowing

water is scarce. When all the waters of the arid regions shall be

properly stored, and led to the farms at the proper season, probablv not more than ten per cent of the available arid lands will be under irrigation. The larger the area over which the irrigation

THE CONQUEST OF DROUTH 287

waters may be profitably spread tbe more successful will the irrigation project be. In this matter, also, dryfarming is destined

to take a leading part.

Irrigation Not a Primary Art

Contrary to the popular idea, irrigation is not a primary art at its best it is only supplementary to the natural rainfall. The

more water that falls upon the land, the smaller the quantity of water that needs to be applied in irrigation. By the same token,

the more thoroughly the rainfall is stored in the soil, the less irrigation water is needed. The beginning of irrigation wisdom is

the conservation of the natural precipitation. The high value of

applying dryfarm methods under irrigation has been well demonstrated in a series of experiments recently reported from the

Utah Agricultural Experiment Station. It was there shown that

the part of a full crop, raised under irrigation, due to the rainfall stored in the soil, in the case of wheat and oats, was approximately eightyfive per cent of the total yield; of lucern about seventy-eight per cent, and of potatoes about sixtyeight per cent.

That is, from twothirds to fivesixths of the crops obtained on irrigated fields were in reality due to the natural precipitation carefully stored in the soil by the methods of dryfarming. The

irrigation water saved by the proper storage in the soil of the rainfall, may be used in reclaiming other land, and thus, the irrigated area may be extended greatly by the application of dryfarming methods.

As already said, however, a perfected worldsystem of irrigation will probably reclaim not more than onetenth of the unoccupied portions of the earth; before dryfarming, unassisted,

lies the greater task of making the remaining ninetenths, or more than onehalf of the earth's surface, blossom and bear fruit for man. The area that formerly supported one sheep must be made

to feed a family of men and women. This is the original problem

of dryfarming, and in the end the largest one. Could we stop

here and discuss the question of the food supply of the world, the ftill importance of the reclamation of the dryfarming areas of the world, would loom large in the economic salvation of mankind. With increasing population and expanding needs, the arid

regions will be the safety valve of the engine of civilization.

The Mission of DryFarming

The misison of dryfarming is, then, of a threefold nature.

First, it must eliminate the drouths that from time immemorial have plagued the farmers of somewhat humid countries; and also

288 IMPROVEMENT ERA

increase the normal crop yields of such countries by a better utilization of the rainfall. Second, by teaching the proper methods of

storing the natural rainfall and conserving the soil moisture, irrigation water must be made to cover larger areas of arid lands, and thus the irrigated area may be largely extended, and third, it must reclaim by correct methods of soil tillage and every other means, the largest possible part of the unirrigated half of the earth which is under a low rainfall. This is a vast program of ambitious purpose which of necessity must be carried out by dryfarming, as

that branch of agriculture which concerns itself directly with the utilization for the production of crops of the water that falls from the heavens. To accomplish this purpose, dryfarming must be

dovetailed into all other agricultural practices.

It may be asked in all candor if, indeed, any part of this program has been carried out, or if this is all only a dream that may never be realized. It is a joy to be able to answer that,

already, the accomplishments of dryfarming are far beyond the reasonable hopes of its disciples. Dryfarming has "made good,"

and, from its practical results, holds out the promise that the day of triumph over drouth, whether in humid or in arid regions, is at hand.

In the United States, over fifty years ago, adventurous spirits tried out, and with success, the possibility of reclaiming the desert without irrigation. In Utah, California, Washington, and even

in western Canada, independent beginnings of dryfarming were successfully made, one to two generations ago, on lands that receive annually from eight to fourteen inches of rainfall. In the

Great Plains area, which still presents very difficult dryfarm problems, thousands of men have grown crops successfully and profitably for a generation or more. In the western United States

dryfarming is a firmly established system of profitable farming, and it is spreading with lightning rapidity. The Australian dryfarming conferences have shown that in their great continent during the last thirty or more years, numerous farmers have practiced dryfarming successfully on lands under a very low annual

rainfall. In various parts of the drier sections of Europe the same

is true..

At last, and as it were in confirmation of the claims for dryfarming, come now claims from southern Europe, from northern

Africa and from a dozen places in Asia, that the practice of dryfarming was extensively successful there some thousands of years ago, and that we of this day are simply restoring to popular use an art that once belonged to the civilized portion of the world, but which, in the shifting of the scenes of the world's drama, had been forgotten! There is much truth in these claims, as the

history of northern Africa, Spain, South America, and many other

THE CONQUEST OF DROUTH 289

lands, amply prove. If any doubting Thomas be here, let him look

about him in this province of Alberta, and let him follow us over the western half of the United States, and he will return a converted man. Dryfarming has already reclaimed its millions of

acres from the dominion of the desert, and the drouth, and its work is scarcely begun.

The Foundation Stones

This work of conquest, now well under way, is not based upon empirical rules. On the contrary it rests upon thoroughly

established scientific principles. For that reason, dryfarming

requires the application of high skill and intelligence, but it also nullifies the charge that it is precarious. It is not claimed that

all is known; but only that the steps that have been taken conform with a well shaped system derived from scientific truths.

Note the seven foundation stones of dryfarming:

1. One inch of rainfall is sufficient to produce from two to four

bushels of wheat per acre annually, if it be made available to plants.

2. By proper methods of tillage, notably by deep plowing in the

fall, from twothirds to ninetenths of the rainfall may be stored in deep soils from season to season for the use of plants.

3. By proper fallowing, the water stored in the soil one year may

be carried over to another year, in order to give the crop the benefit of the rainfall of two years.

4. By the stirring of the top soil, the direct evaporation of water

from the soil can be almost wholly prevented, so that nearlv all the rainfall that enters the soil may be used by plants.

5. By vigorous cultivation, by fallowing or by adding natural or

artificial manures to the soil, the quantity of water taken from the soil by plants can be materially reduced.

6. The seed sown should be proportioned to the water in the so'l.

The less water, the fewer plants should be produced, so that the soil water may not be exhausted too early in the season.

7. Plants may be so bred as to yield well even under conditions

of small water supply.

These are well demonstrated principles which form a secure basis for the conquest of drouth in the humid regions and of the ultimate conquest for the use of man of the vast unoccupied deserts. They should be taught to the race from infancy, and

made as familiar to the men of tomorrow as are the common rules of arithmetic. Farmers, business men, engineers, doctors, lawyers and preachers should know by heart these elements of our

material prosperity. Schools and colleges should teach them.

Then will a time come when drouth, like the tamed lion, will bend before its master—man.

Much remains to be done. The principles that we possess

are general in their nature; their application must be varied with

290 IMPROVEMENT ERA

local conditions. New principles must be evolved; new applications must be devised; machinery, especially adapted to the

work, must be invented; and, above all, the unoccupied part of the

earth must be more fully surveyed as regards soil and climatic conditions. The depth, structure and fertility of dryfarm soils

must be known; rainfall and other meteorological stations must

dot the land. Then on the frontier of the advancing area, demonstration farms must be established to try out for each locality

the methods proposed. It is a vast work; but the prize justifies it.

Only by governmental aid can this work be properly done, and it is a pleasure to mention that such aid is now given by most of the governments of the world. Here in Alberta, in Saskatchewan, and in other Canadian provinces, the departments of

agriculture are giving vigorous aid to this movement. The same

is done in many of the states of the United States of America, in Australia, in Mexico, in many of the South American republics, in the South African Federation, in Russia, France, Germany, Hungary, Spain, Egypt, Turkey, China and in many other countries. I am proud to be able to say that Utah, the state to

which I belong, was the first in our country to appropriate money for dryfarming investigations, and that the Utah Agricultural

College was the first to dignify dryfarming by giving it a place in the college course of study.

In time, all these agencies will give us a great mass of information from all corners of the earth, which, however, to be of greatest use, must be made accessible to all, must be discussed by many men from many lands, and the conclusions must be given wide publicity. Some agency must be commissioned to labor by

day and by night, throughout the year, for the collecting, unifying and publishing of the facts and achievements of the dryfarm- ing movement, and for the periodic bringing together of the leaders in the work. Here, it seems to me, is the main function of the

DryFarming Congress. While dryfarming is undoubtedly a

popular movement, we must not depend too greatly upon this for its final triumph. In this day of advertising and great publicity,

the gospel of dryfarming should be shouted to all the nations, and a definite organization should have the publicity and unifying work in charge.

There is yet much prejudice to be overcome. As in the past,

opposition, both honest and dishonest, will arise frequently and in unexpected quarters. The last voice against dryfarming has

not yet been heard. We must assemble and have ready for use,

when such opposition is manifested, the reason for our faith in dryfarming, and let those who have caught the spirit of the work stand squarely and firmly upon the doctrine that the basic scientific principles, and the work already accomplished, justify the

THE CONQUEST OF DROUTH 291

belief that the deserts of the earth shall eventually be conquered by the plow and the harvester. It is now only a matter of a relatively short time until all the nations of the earth, afflicted with

drouth or blessed with "deserts,"will take to heart and adopt the lessons taught by those who, in the face of the blistering"sun, arc conquering the sleeping land.

This Congress, as the clearing house of the world's dryfarm- ing ideas, must be perpetuated and made greater. It has shown

its value, for the interest taken in dryfarming by the states and countries of the world is largely due to the activity of this Congress, notably through the efforts of its efficient secretary, Mr.

John T. Burns. We are engaged in making a new earth, and

the work has only just been begun. Through this Congress inspiration must be given to the scattered workers in the various corners of the world.

What has been done is a small part of what should be done for this great movement. The crying need of this Congress was

discussed by President Worst at the last session, that of an endowment sufficient to establish permanent headquarters for it, from which it may go out once a year, or as often as may be, to the sections that desire the inspiration and the help it gives in the conquest of drouth. If we should all joint Dr. Worst in "a

strong pull, and a long pull, and a pull altogether,"I believe that we shall soon find the man or men who are willing to build for themselves a noble monument of service to all men by founding permanently this central bureau for the development of the truths that eventually will reclaim the larger half of the earth and make crtain the crop yields of the other smaller half.

The Desert Will Be Conquered

Of more importance, however, than material gifts, in making this great work permanent, is the attitude that we shall maintain towards dryfarming. We must keep well in mind that, in all

probability, the final solution of the economic and socialogical questions that are tossing the nations as in tempest, will be the subjection of all unoccupied lands to agricultural processes, and the rational distribution of the population upon the reclaimed lands. This movement, which as a worldmovement is scarcely

half a decade old, may become, as it broadens, and as the multitude catch its spirit, the determining factor in the establishment of the worldpeace for which every rightminded person is wishing, and without which the high destiny of humanity can not be realized. The successful conquest of the unoccupied parts of the

earth will be accomplished only in the face of hardships—many

of them. That must be admitted. But, the price all pioneers pay

292 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for their victory, is a period of stern struggle to change things from their wonted way. The hardships encountered by the present day dryfarmer are not a whit greater than those that faced

the pioneers of the East who wrested their farms from the primeval forests, or the pioneers of irrigation who toiled in the making of canals long before the first crop could be planted. There

is only one crop of pioneers in any section; blessed be their memory; but do not let us say that their lives were less full of joy than

are ours. In spite of all, dryfarming has gone onward; millions

of acres are yielding crops by its method; where the desert languished before, thousands of homes have there been established,

in which men and women have found independence. We can give

the system and its results our fullest confidence.

Above all, however, those who labor in this cause must believe that man, by his understanding of nature, shall acquire dominion over all the earth. In the hearts of all who labor for the

welfare of man must rest the certain faith that in all necessary things man shall triumph. As problems arise, they will be solved

one. If he sees through a glass darkly today, the vision—one by

will be transparently clear tomorrow. Before the eternal will of

man the conquest of drouth shall be accomplished, and the account of the warfare shall molder in dusty volumes of musty histories, while the work will go on for the continued good of man. Our

English poet has expressed it well

"Yet I know that through the ages one increasing purpose runs,

And the thoughts of men will widen with the progress of the suns."

May I be allowed to close here, as I did in my paper before the first DryFarming Congress: "The possibilities of dryfarming

are stupendous. In the strength of growth we may have felt

envious of the great ones of old; of Columbus looking upon the

shadow of the greatest continent; of Balboa shouting greetings to

the resting Pacific; of Father Escalante, pondering upon the mystery of the world, alone, near the shores of America's Dead Sea.

We need harbor no such envyings, for in the conquest of the nonirrigated and nonirrigable desert are offered as fine opportunities as the world has known for the makers and shapers of empires.

We stand before an undiscovered land; through the restless, ascending currents of heated desert air the vision comes and goes

with stirring eyes the desert is seen covered with blossoming fields, with churches and homes and schools, and in the distance with the vision is heard the laughter of happy children."

The desert and the drouth will be conquered.

LOGAN, UTAH A Visit to Newcastleon-Tyne

BY LYDIA D. ALDER

We sailed on the North Sea east of England from Stepney, not far from London, on the Tynesides, 360 miles to

Newcastleon-Tyne. We dreamed away the delightful evening

on deck, but later a strong wind forced us to seek our staterooms.

The boisterous wind screeched and howled, sobbed or wailed, throughout the night, but there was no genuine storm. An aged

Scotch lady, however, in an adjoining stateroom, frequently moaned, "O this is serious; this is serious!"Perhaps hurrying

footsteps and the clanking of chains on deck, and the fact that nearly everybody on board, was seasick, added to her distress.

But the morning dawned fair and bright, the wind subsided, and we rejoiced that "night had flown away,"giving place to balmy breezes, and sunny, blue skies. The vessel majestically swept

past South Shields, at the mouth of the Tyne, then slowly drew up to the pier at Newcastle. Awaiting our arrival there was our

fellow townsman, Frederick A. Mitchell. This was a happy

meeting for our company, consisting of Miss Farnsworth, my companion in the London conference, my daughter Mae and myself. We were taken to the conference house, 37 Cavendish

Road, by President Mitchell.

Here a number of missionaries were assembled, who, like ourselves, had come to attend the conference at Newcastle. Sister

Parrish, wife of Elder Hyrum Parrish, of Centreville, was with her husband laboring in Newcastle. Sister Parrish

is a lady of refined and gentle manner, and was the bright center of this conference home. She was both mother and sister

to the elders who were laboring here, and who had left their own mothers, wives, and sisters, in their far away Utah homes. We

ate the first homemade bread in Newcastle that we had tasted for two years. Sister Parrish had an influence for good upon all who

came under her sunny smile. Her noble characteristics gained

many friends for her, as well as welcome entrance into homes of 294 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wealth and culture. Some of her friends attended our meetings,

perhaps out of courtesy, for they did not seem to want religion, nor to be disturbed in their preconceived ideas of God, nor the worship they accorded to him.

On the day following our arrival in Newcastle, President

Mitchell invited his guests to visit the Jesmond Dene, a beautiful canyon presented to the city of Newcastle by Lord Armstrong, inventor and owner of the Armstrong gun. The city of Newcastle has erected a very pretentious building in the Dene, at a

point nearest to the city, where, in its spacious hall, 20,000 people have been banqueted in a single day, on holiday occasions. The

THE WATER HAS WORX ITSELF TWO BEDS AROUND THE ROCKS

Dene reminds one of our own City Creek canyon, and indicates what might be done with it, if a like sum of money were expended upon it, as has been used in beautifying the Dene. The glorious

natural scenery of the Dene is wondrously enhanced by the ingenuity, art, and skill of man. In places are grassy, sloping

banks, where a multitude of gorgeous wild flowers bloom. In

some parts the white, canyon walks almost touch the winding stream. Near the old, deserted mill, that used to grind the corn,

A VISIT TO NKWCASTLEON-TYNE 295

the water has worn itself two beds around the rocks, forming a lovely waterfall. In this ideal place, Brother Parfish took a

picture of the seated group. Farther up the stream, which, dancing, gurgling, loitering or speeding, as it flows along, are the stepping stones, so named because one must step on them in order to

cross over the water to the other side. Many merry bursts of

laughter evidenced the progress, successful or otherwise, that we made in accomplishing this feat. But, like those of old of whom

we read in the good Book, we succeeded in crossing over dry shod.

Towering high at the head of the canyon, the Armstrong

PRESIDENT MITCHELL AND HIS GUESTS

castle crowns the beautiful scene. Buttercups, hyacinths, and

daisies, red, yellow, white and pink, bloom in profusion on the side hills. Trees of other lands rear their stately crowns, and

shrubs abound that grow beyond the seas.

In the grounds of a little historic house, preserved with its surroundings in the canyon, we saw a most unique natural flowerpot. It has the eyes, nose, and mouth of a man, a running vine

forms his beard, and grows oh his head, like hair, giving him the appearance of a Zulu. From an upper bank we obtained a lovely

view of the Falls and the Armstrong mansion, and the Jesmond

Dene. The events of that day are passed into history, and we.

prize the pictures taken then as pleasant reminders of that happy time. 296 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Continuing our walk, we visited the ruins of King John's castle, and an ancient rock observatory. How picturesque is storied

England; not a foot of her soil is without a history, while stories

of the long ago are breathed by every rock and stream.

Slowly wending our way downward, we reach the Bowling

Green, a modern place of recreation. This is the spot where

Brother Webster took a picture of us.

Happy as children, we wandered that day in a Land Beautiful, and like children, ever unsatisfied with the present and yearning for the future, hastened on in eager search of new scenes, not

GROUP OF MISSIONARIES RESTING IN THE DENE

prizing those then with us. The flowers we hold in our hands are

seldom appreciated, in our eager desire to find others more fair.

We seldom stop to think that flowers of more brilliant hue may be out of reach, or that far over some dangerous cliff they may only sway tantalizingly before our wistful vision. As we look

upon the flowers in our hands, we sigh; for behold as we gaze

upon them they are withering away! The charm of anticipation

dies with possession; yet, there is an undefined yearning for other

things, not now understood.

A VISIT TO NEWCASTLEON-TYNE 297

The St. Nicholas Cathedral is a feature of Newcastle. The

present structure is said to date from 1359, and was erected on the ruins of a church built in 1091. Its grand altar is made of alabaster. The attendant proudly exhibited to us the altar cloths.

The one for ordinary use is in green and gold. The one in blue

and gold is for Lent; the one in white and gold is for Easter. The

ashes of many hundreds of people are built into their tombs in this church. A handsome painting, "The Washing of Feet,"about

twenty feet long, and ten feet high, was shown and is said to be about 350 years old. To the beholder, the eyes of the figures

appear to follow him from every side. The work in this grand

Cathedral, we were told, was done by Newcastle workmen, and is certainly wonderful, both in design and execution. On the

south side is a very old chapel, which, it was claimed, belonged to the original church. We were also shown a very old grave cover,

and the effigy of a Crusader. The model of a guillotine is shown,

which French soldiers are said to have made out of the bones of their food. The Cathedral is a high church, with a fine organ, and

costly, painted windows. The only difference between a high

church, and a Roman Catholic, is the absence of the confessional.

The crucifix is placed where all worshipers must bow as they pass before it.

The new castle was built, so the histories relate, on the ruins of the old one, erected by Henry II, in 1018, and rebuilt by Rufus, son of the Conqueror, in 1172. This circumstance gave the city

its name of Newcastle. The old castle, though built of solid

stone, with walls six feet thick, was almost totally destroyed. The

present castle has a library containing many precious volumes, and some quaint, old chairs. The Antiquarian society holds its meetings here. We walked down the old stone steps, passing under

the stone arches, where it is claimed Dick Turpin, the famous bandit, rode on horseback, and made his escape, going down and down through the stone openings to the mouth of the Tyne, where the river is now spanned by a handsome iron bridge.

Our very successful conference, coming back to the purpose of our visit, was followed by a most interesting Priesthood meeting. Lunch was served in an upstairs hall to all who attended.

The lunch was followed by a social, getacquainted hour of genuine enjoyment. At two of the street meetings, held during the

298 IMPROVEMENT ERA

conference, the sisters spoke to the large gatherings in the Market

Place.

We paid a farewell visit to Jesmond Dene before we left

Newcastle. Again we visited the waterfall and crossed over the

stepping stones, but took another path that led among beds of beautiful flowers. Then, standing on the Lady Armstrong bridge,

we gazed upwards to the castle. We crossed over, leaving Jesmond Dene hidden from our view, perhaps forever. Some of the

Newcastle missionaries accompanied us by sea to Scotland.

To those remaining we bade farewell "till we meet again in Zion."

What Have We Done Today?

We boastof our work in future years;

But what have we done today?

We shall give our wealth to those in tears;

But what did we give today?

We shall buoy the heart and feed the poor;

In vain will none knock at our door;

Fond castles we build, as our great minds soar,

But have we "made good"today?

Our harvest must be one of joy;

Have we sown good seed today?

Our life shall be without alloy:

Have we lived that life today?

We shall do soand-so, in the "byeand-bye;"

We shall laud the truth from earth to sky.

And shall press on and on to goals on high.

But what have we done today?

Don't wait to smile 'till the clouds have passed.

But give the smile today.

Don't wait 'till the soul from earth has passed.

But give your rose today.

Though you hitch your wagon to a star;

Your thoughts soar on to hopes afar;

You make your life right where you are,

Doing kindly deeds today.

0. F. Urse.-.-bacj

RAYMOND, CANADA Dryden on Salvation for the Dead

BY CLAUDE T. RARNES, M. S., P. R.

Many a dustladen volume, with faded pages and peculiar type, contains, should we but try to find them, great truths, surprising philosophies and beauties of phraseology which need but an alteration of lettering to make them the expression of a loftier contemporary thought and culture. Indeed, I confess 'tis

a diversion never tiresome, to fish awhile with Walton, speculate for a time with Browne, take a mug with Addison at "Will's,"or go on a lark with Fielding; in many respects their age immeasurably surpasses ours, for science and commerce have quite

smothered our imagination.

Truth is as old as the sun; it must be, for scattered here

and there in the writings of bygone centuries, are nuggets of thought which prove that we are, after all, but an ordinary step in the ladder of infinity. Thus, it is indeed remarkable that

John Dryden (16311700) should have ignored the credenda of his time and courageously thrust upon his compeers, in the form of a poem called Religio Laid, a staunch belief in the possibility of heathen salvation; and, furthermore, that he should have

argued concerning it with a clearness scarcely to have been expected without the illuminating influence of revelation. What he

has said, therefore, certainly deserves to be recorded in the confirmatory literature of the subject. It illustrates and emphasizes

the fact that the gospel is not new, but old, and that all down the ages there have been glimpses of it, saving truths to illuminate darkness of error and tradition.

A logical interpretation of scripture, together with reflections on the perfection of divine justice, must convince one that it were monstrous indeed to condemn forever the heathen who never heard the name of Christ. In fact, various passages* of

*The argument unfolds itself in the following citations: Mark

I Peter 3:1820; John16:16; John 3:5: Luke 23:3943: Jolin 20:1117;

5:25; Isaiah 24:22; 42:6-7;61:l; Job 33:2730; I Cor. 15:29; Mai. 4:5-6;

Phil. 2;9-ll; I Kings 7:23.

300 IMPROVEMENT ERA

scripture lead one to suppose that even after death the spirit is still given an opportunity to accept the teachings of the Savior.

Such, for instance, is I Peter 4: 6, which reads

"For, for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit."

The doctrine of salvation for the dead, made plain in the religion of the Latterday Saints, with its rites and amplifications, was, of course, unknown to Dryden, hence Religio Laid and its excellent preface are among the earliest arguments for this principle of universal justice. May it not be a remnant of the

gospel truths first revealed to Adam, revived from the rubbish of false teachings through succeeding ages?

The following excerpt is from the preface to the poem

"It has always been my thought that heathens who never did, nor without miracle could, hear of the name of Christ, were yet in a possibility of salvation. Neither will it enter easily into my belief, that

before the coming of our Savior the whole world, excepting only the

Jewish nation, should lie under the inevitable necessity of everlasting punishment, for want of that revelation, which was confined to so small a spot of ground as that of Palestine. Among the sons of Noah

we read of only one who was accursed; and if a blessing in the ripeness of time was reserved for Japheth (of whose progeny we are), it

seems unaccountable to me, why so many generations of the same offspring as preceded our Savior in the flesh should be all involved in one common condemnation, and yet that their posterity should be entitled to the hopes of salvation; as if a Bill of Exclusion had passed

only on the fathers, which debarred not the sons from their succession; or that so many ages had been delivered over to Hell, and so

many reserved for Heaven, and that the Devil had the first choice, and

God the next. Truly I am apt to think that the revealed religion which

was taught by Noah to all his sons might continue for some ages in the whole posterity. That afterwards it was included wholly in the

family of Shem is manifest; but when the progenies of Ham and Japheth swarmed into colonies, and those colonies were subdivided into

many others, in process of time their descendants lost by little and little the primitive and purer rites "of divine worship, retaining only the notion of one deity; to which succeeding generations added others;

for men took their degree in those ages from conquerors to gods.

Revelation being thus eclipsed to all mankind, the Light of Nature, as the next in dignity, was substituted; and that is it which St. Paul conDRYDEN ON SALVATION FOR THE DEAD 301

eludes to be the rule of the heathens, and by which they are hereafter to be judged. If my supposition be true, then the consequence

which I have assumed in my poem may also be true; namely, that

Deism, or the principles of natural worship, are only the faint remnants or dying flames of revealed religion in the posterity of Noah;

and that our modern philosophers, nay, and some of our philosophizing divines, have too much exalted the faculties of our souls, when they have maintained that by their force mankind has been able to find out that there is one supreme Agent or intellectual Being which we call

God; that praise and prayer are his due worship; and the rest of those

deducements, which I am confident are the remote effects of Revelation, and unattainable by our Discourse, I mean as simply considered, and without the benefit of divine illumination. So that we have not

lifted ourselves up to God by the weak pinions of our Reason, but he has been pleased to descend to us; and what Socrates said of him, what

Plato writ, and the rest of the heathen philosophers of several nations, is all no more than the twilight of Revelation, after the sun of it was set in the race of Noah. That there is something above us, some

principle of motion, our Reason can apprehend, though it cannot discover what it is by its own virtue. And indeed 'tis very improbable

that we, who by the strength of our faculties cannot enter into the knowledge of any being, not so much as of our own, should be able to find out by them that supreme nature, which we cannot otherwise define than by saying it is infinite; as if infinite were definable, or infinitely a subject for our narrow understanding. They who would

prove religion by reason, do but weaken the cause which they endeavor to support; 'tis to take away the pillars from our faith, and to prop it

only with a twig; 'tis to design a tower like that of Babel, which, if it

were possible (as it is not) to reach heaven, would come to nothing by the confusion of the workmen. For every man is building a several

way; impotently conceited of his own model and his own materials;

reason is always striving, and always at a loss; and of necessity it

must so come to pass, while 'tis exercised about that which is not its proper object. Let us be content at last to know God by his own

methods; at least so much of him as he is pleased to reveal to us in

the sacred Scriptures; to apprehend them to be the word of God is all

our reason has to do; for all beyond it is the work of Faith, which is

the seal of Heaven impressed upon our human understanding."

That part of the poem pertinent hereto reads as follows:

"But stay: the Deist here will urge anew,

No supernatural worship can be true;

Because a general law is that alone

Which must to all and everywhere be known:

A style so large as not this book can claim, 302 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Nor aught that bears Revealed Religion's name.

Tis said the sound of a Messiah's birth

Is gone through all the habitable earth;

But still that text must be confined alone

To what was then inhabited and known:

And what provision could from thence accrue

To Indian souls and worlds discovered new?

In other parts it helped, that, ages past,

The Scriptures there were known, and were embraced,

Till Sin spread once again the shades of night:

What's that to these who never saw the light?

Of all objections this indeed is chief

To startle reason, stagger frail belief:

We grant, 'tis true, that Heaven from human sense

Has hid the secret paths of Providence;

But boundless wisdom, boundless mercy may

Find even for those bewildered souls a way;

If from His nature foes may pity claim,

Much more may strangers who ne'er heard His name;

And though no name be for salvation known,

But that of his Eternal Son's alone,

Who knows how far transcending goodness can

Extend the merits of that Son to man?

Who knows what reasons may His mercy lead,

Or ignorance invincible may plead?

Not only charity bids hope the best,

But more the great Apostle has exprest:

That if the Gentiles, whom no law inspired,

By nature did what was by law required,

They who the written rule had never known

Were to themselves both rule and law alone,

To Nature's plain indictment they shall plead

And by their conscience be condemned or freed.

Most righteous doom! because a rule revealed

Is none to those from whom it was concealed.

Then those who followed Reason's dictates right,

Lived up, and lifted high their natural light,

With Socrates may see their Maker's face,

While thousand rubricmartyrs want a place.

Nor does it balk my charity to find

The Egyptian Bishop of another mind;

For, though his creed eternal truth contains, 'Tis hard for man to doom to endless pains

All who believed not all his zeal required,

Unless he first could prove he was inspired.

Then let us either think he meant to say

DRYDEN ON SALVATION FOR THE DEAD 303

This faith, where published, was the only way;

Or else conclude that, Arius to confute,

The good old man, too eager to dispute,

Flew high; and, as his Christian fury rose,

Damned all for heretics who durst oppose.

Particularly opportune, in view of recent abstruse discussions on vague and unprofitable subjects, such as the possible identity of Adam and the Savior, is the closing admonition of

Rcligio Laid:

For no man's faith depends upon his will, 'Tis some relief, that points not clearly known

Without much hazard may be let alo'ne;

And after hearing what our Church can say,

If still our reason runs another way,

That private reason 'tis more just to curb

Than by disputes the public peace disturb.

For points obscure are of small use to learn:

But common quiet is mankind's concern."

As We Journey Along the Road

It isn't the things we say, dear,

Nor the things we idly dream;

It's the things we do every day, dear,

That carry us up the stream.

It isn't the tears we shed, dear,

O'er things which are past and gone;

It's the tug at the oar, For the sunny shore, That carries us on and on.

It isn't the flowers which have blushed, dear.

And died on life's thorny way;

It isn't the songs that are hushed, dear,

That gladden our hearts today;

It isn't the love that is dead, dear,

That lightens life's weary load,

It's the flower, and the song,

And the love full strong, As we journey along the road.

Theodore E. Curtis.

Little Problems of Married Life.'

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN

XVII—When the Family Interferes

Many a good matrimonial ship, with its sunlit cargo of happiness and hope, has been wrecked on the rocks of family interference. If it were customary to erect tombstones to the memory

of dead loves, the cause of the death of marital happiness in thousands of homes might be given in the chiselled epitaph: "Died

from an Overdose of the Interference of Relatives!"

If there be one place in the world where the justice of "Home

Rule"should be unquestioned, that place is—the home. Marriage

makes the couple a new firm, an independent partnership, not a branch house under the management of a parent company. It is

a home trust controlled by two. No matter how loving, kind,

solicitous and anxious the family of either partner may be for the success of the new firm, they must realize that they do not own it, that they are not stockholders, are not on the board of directors and must not interfere in the management. They may stand ready

and willing to give loving counsel, sympathetic suggestion, and help and service in any emergency when needed and desired, but it is unfair, unnecessary, unwarranted to interfere.

It was interference and bad advice that spoiled the first marriage, started the first quarrel, and broke up the first home in the world in those early days, long, long ago when Eden was the only spot on earth that had even a name. This was the first lesson to

man, and now after sixty centuries some people have not learned it yet. Husband and wife must work out their own problems in

their own way. They must do it by the best light of their united

wisdom, not by the flickering torches of obtruded advice from the family. They must convert their experiments into experience,

transmute little failures into great successes and little failings into

*Copyright 1910, by Fleming H. Revell Company.

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 305

finer strength, win confidence and closer union through fuller understanding of each other, learn the superiority of a caress to logic, master their own problems and gain the strength that comes from mastery.

The problems of two must be solved by two. They need only

kindness, sympathy, a reserve of help in emergencies and a free open field all the time. There is no justification for gossip, criticism, complaint, condemnation and incendiary meddling by members of the family. These things should be put on the list of unnecessary luxuries in the home and gently, firmly, definitely cut off.

We may sometimes be privileged to help others to live their lives; it is arrogant assumption for us to attempt to live their

lives for them. We are told that we should not bury our talents,

but there is one of special aptness for impertinent talent,—that

carefullymanagement of the affairs of others—that we should

wrap in a napkin and on some dark night, quietly bury forever.

It is in the first years of married life that foreign interference is most trying and dangerous and it is this very time when it is most conspicuous and dominant. No need for the family to remind

the wife that the husband is not eighteen karat, that he will never let their fearmake a fortune, that they fear greatly—and then

expand into a long catalogue of detail that fades away into the dim perspective of the unspoken. After the goods are bought

and sent home and cannot be returned, what is the use of discouraging the purchaser? Why not point out some recognized good

points, something helpful and inspiring? It is manifestly unfair

for the family to sit as a selfappointed jury of awards and criticize and condemn the exhibit.

The wife may think she has the finest little home in the world;

everything seems beautiful to her and she has even pride in the array of cooking utensils, dazzling and new in aluminum and tin, and the dishes ranged carefully on the pantry shelves. She often

stands at the door and smiles as she looks in—to get the general

effect at a glance. When the family makes a tour of inspection,

her indiscreet sister may say, "Oh, what a mite of a kitchen. You

can only wash the small dishes like cups and saucers in a little box like this."It had never seemed small to her, none of the

rooms seemed small; they held so much love and hope and happiness that the size did not count; but now her heart sinks, and the

306 IMPROVEMENT ERA

joy note seems gone and a cloud comes over it all and she begins to compare her home with that of some friend and it suffers. She

thinks of all the other deficiencies pointed out by the visitinginspectors. She tries to be brave so she will be smiling when he

comes home but it is hard to keep back the tears.

When her husband's sister tells her in confidence, "just to put you on your guard so you will know how to handle him,"what a temper he has, it comes to her as a surprise and a grief, for it does not seem possible he could ever speak a cross word. When she

hears, still in confidence, about the "girl he was so much in love with two years ago and was going to marry,"she feels twinges of vague jealousy and she wants to be alone.

He, too, may suffer from the early stages of family interference if his mother begins her maternal vivisection of his wife. She

doubts if she will prove a good housekeeper, but "of course we have to hope for the best."Little possible failings are discov-'

ered, aired and discussed with genuine love for the son and honest wishes for the success of the marriage, but such a jumble of doubts and fears and such a strenuous effort to be just and to be optimistic in a heroic way like one trying to calm frightened passengers in a shipwreck that he breaks away as quickly as possible knowing that his wife is really way above par, but the interview has wearied him.

Soon the family may begin a campaign of education on how she should manage him. She hears with irritation the words

"You surely won't let him smoke in the parlor! You know you

can never get the odor out of the curtains and that cartridge paper drinks in smoke like blotting paper absorbs ink."If she weakly

assents they increase the dose; if she rebels they think she is overconfident and setting her right becomes more than a pleasure—it

is a duty. "Never permit him to be five minutes late at dinner.

Just assert your independence,"is the next shot from this peacecongress in the interests of domestic war. So the siege goes on.

The husband may return home in the evening and find the wife nervous, irritable, brimful of suggested new arrangements in the home, and repairs that he might make in his manners and disposition. She does not tell him who has been there all after-,

noon but he knows it as absolutely, from the traces left in her

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 307

conversation, as the hunter reads the passing of a bear from tracks in the snow.

She may later tell him of a change to be made in one of the rooms and she unwisely names the member of her family who made the motion; or he to sustain a position may repeat some

criticism his mother made. They are planting seeds of discord

in each other's minds, unconsciously stimulating prejudice and opposition and intensifyingfamily interference. When a man

buys a cheap hat he sometimes conceals the dealer's name with gilt paper initials. Let him be equally careful in the home to

remove the identifying tag of authorship from any unpleasant advice that comes from his family.

As the days go on, critical appropriation from the family committee on interference may grow harder and harder to bear. It is

depressing to live under the microscope of criticism, like an impaled insect. There is often condemnation where, if the full facts

were known, there would be only praise. There is altogether too

much judging in the world, too much idle intrusive censorship of the acts of others. It is uncomfortable to hear constantly that

"you ought to do this"or "you should certainly do that."It is so

easy to solve the conundrums of another's life.

The reason that advice is usually of little value is that it is not based on a perfect knowledge of the infinity of detail that makes up a condition. Perfect advice should fit the situation as a

glove fits the hand; most advice does not get much nearer than a

boxingglove in the matter of fitting.

That the family interference may arise from genuine interest does not excuse it nor even explain it; where love is greatest it

should be most tender and most considerate. There are times

when some tiny flame of misunderstanding arises between husband and wife that a breath of kindly interpretation might blow into nothingness, but, talked over by the family and canvassed and debated and intensified, grows into a conflagration.

Under the gossip, often unthinking of its evil influence, a tiny molehill of difficulty may become an almost impassable Rocky

Mountain range. Oil is a good thing to pour on troubled waters

originally conbut it is poor to put out a fire. A difficulty that

cerned only a duet now has been made to affect the whole family.308 IMPROVEMENT ERA

choir. It is easier for two people to reach loving harmony than

to distribute it among a dozen.

Sometimes the interference of families becomes even more active and aggressive than this, and because of a fancied grievance or a genuine opposition it actually comes between husband and wife and by harsh criticism or condemnation seeks to incite strife and discord between them. Here instant loyalty of the one to the

other should assert itself and refuse to listen to the voice. In an

instinctive spirit of protection there should be a calm, dignified protest against the recital of what if unessential should never be spoken, and if of serious import should be heard only in the presence of the one thus charged with what he or she should have the opportunity of denying or disproving instantly, before the weeds of suspicion have time to root themselves in the heart of the other.

In many homes, there is some one in the family, on either side, whose visits bring a trail of sadness, sorrow, protest, bitter opposition, and unnecessary and unwarrantable intrusion of a discordant element tending to worry, irritate and perhaps even to bring into inharmony husband and wife. In this delicate situation

it often seems a problem how best to act. The health and happiness of the home must be considered as of first and greatest importance. If it be but a trivial inconvenience or jar to the

domestic serenity, the wisdom of tolerance for a time should be manifested.

If it be of more serious menace, impossible to master by patient bearing, the privilege of hospitality should not be strained beyond the bearing point. There is a moment when sacrifice

ceases to be a virtue and degenerates into cowardice, vice. There

may be an injustice to oneself and to one near and dear that this unwelcome guesthood outrages. It is not true hospitality to mask

the heart's continued protest under a smile, to submit unnecessarily to an atmosphere that saps one's mental and moral vitality, that dulls energy, deadens one's finer sensibility, and kills the joy of life, leaving one worried, weak, worn and weary, unable to meet as one should the questions of everyday living.

If we constantly suffer injustice that we can remove, we are slaves to the individuality of another and cowards to our own.

The rankling irritation of the unjust bearing, if continued, will permeate our whole nature, like an emotional poison. We should

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 309

therefore act calmly, wisely, with kindness and dignity, and frankly recognize conditions and with perfect fairness take the gentlest action that will remedy them. Better a short, decisive

battle fought to a finish than a constant series of petty squabbles and skirmishes.

We cannot be just to others if we are unjust to ourselves. If

one lives ever under the sceptre of the decision of others, it is not it is slavery.. One cannot keep emotion constantlyfree life—

corked up; some time that cork will come inopporout—perhaps

tunely. True love, true companionship, true living, can reign in

the home only as there is in the home an atmosphere of liberty, of individual freedom in its highest sense.

If there be interference from outside forces, whether they be from the family or others, that tends to blight the joy, rest, peace and calm of the home, that threatens to bring in even the thin edge of the wedge of discord between husband and wife—that

interference should be silenced forever. The home should be a

sanctuary of refuge, not a battleground of discord; it should be

a place where the angel of love ever swings the censer of peace, and calm, and happiness.

["The Incubus of Constant Faultfinding"is the title of the next chapter

in this series.]

I Would Not Know

I would not know the measure of today

Lest blind, recursant I Should seek to wile some potent hour away,

That pain would sanctify.

I would not list the monQchord of fate

All erudite to be, Lest I should cringe from anguish consummate,

And chortle to be free.

Of alchemy, to probe erstwhile, the end,

I seek no whit of power Suffice within my micr.ocosm's trend.

To face each little hour.

Bertha A. Kleinman.

MESA, ARIZ.

War

1 feel thy scorching breath upon my cheeks, demon god, that broodest o'er the world.

Who, with the speed of maddened whirlwind, seeks

To devastate the nations, to make faint,

By hunger, thirst, that e'er thine allies are:

And conflagration's cursed, swiftshod feet,

Which were and ever are thy guiding star.

1 feel the wretched bane of thy caress,

The vampire kiss that robs humanity,

Throughout the ages, of her noblest, best,

And leaves behind the venom of its sting

Within the heart and soul of those bereft.

Upon earth's vast expanse, I see a stain,

A stain of crimson like unto a flood,

Remembrancing the struggle and the pain

Of those who upon thine altar placed their all,

Obedient to thine insatiety.

And now, I see a face peer 'tween the bars

That hold it captive, hear the rythmic beat

Of snowy pinions, flecked by sanguine wars

And know that not 'til sound of tramping feet,

Which marks thy minions, shall forever cease,

Will angel hands, that rolled away the stone,

Thrice bless the world by liberating Peace.

Grace Ingles Frost.

WATERLOO, UTAH "Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator.'

[Early in December of last year, the Rt. Rev. F. S. Spalding, Episcopal

Bishop of Utah, put forth a brochure entitled, "Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator."In it he tried to prove, among other things which will be clearly shown

in quotations from his writings in the articles following, that the Prophet

Joseph failed as a translator of ancient Egyptian language, and therefore, also as a translator of the Book of Mormon, and as a Prophet of God. His document aroused considerable interest, and especially among some of the writers

of the Church who then prepared answers to his arguments. By consent of the

authors, the Era is able to present these to its readers; and while other papers

may appear hereafter, we believe that in the series here presented, the discriminating reader will not only be greatly interested but will discover sufficient to refute the Bishop's argument and find a vindication once more of the work of the Prophet Joseph. The Editors.]

A Plea in Bar of Final Conclusions.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY

[This article was first printed in the Salt Lake Tribune, of Dec. 15, 1912, but

has been enlarged and revised by the author for the Improvement Era. The reason for trie publication of the article in the Tribune, Elder Roberts states, was

that there appeared in that paper on the 8th of December, 1912, a very sympathetic not to say fulsome review of Bishop Spalding's brochure, with predictions of its direful effects upon "Mormonism."Elder Roberts was therefore anxious

to obtain a hearing before the readers of that paper, and accordingly applied to the management of the Tribune for that privilege, which was very willingly and courteously granted, and for which he here makes acknowledgment and tenders his thanks.—The Editors.]

I call what I have to say at present written, addressed to him as to whether on Bishop Spalding's pamphlet, "Joseph or not the "case"which the bishop apSmith, Jr., as a Translator,"a plea in parently makes against the Book of

is the occasionbar of final conclusions, because I realAbraham can be met.

ize that my remarks may not properly for this immediate, and what may be be regarded as a complete answer to considered, not without some reason, hisvery adroitly presented case, spean inadequate reply, is to call attencifically against the Book of Abraham, My only object now and inferentially against the Book of tion to such imperfections in the data

Mormon, as genuine translations. And on which the bishop bases his concluhere let it be admitted that the bishop's sions, as to indicate that they do not

premises and argument are worthy of furnish sufficient grounds to warrant profounder consideration than it is posthe deductions as being final, and that sible for this writer under present cirthe inquiry conducted by him is not so cumstances to give them. But the formidable as at first glance it would

number of inquiries, both verbal and appear.

310 IMPROVEMENT ERA

As another item in the preliminary to tions are most critical,"and, I might my remarks upon the bishop's case add, most searching, since they lay the against the Book of Abraham, permit ax at the root of the whole "Mormon"me to acknowledge the courtesy and tree. I allow the bishop all his claims

oven generosity to "Mormon"writers to the dire results to "Mormonism"if he displays in conducting his inquiry; he can, to the point of demonstration,

and to say that his method of discusmake his case good against Joseph sion is entirely legitimate, and the spirit Smith as a translator.

of it irreproachable. I am willing to How may this end be achieved? Conaccord to him all the courtesy and fessedly, as the translator of the Book

generosity he exhibits in debate that of Mormon, the Prophet is beyond the the reviewer of his pamphlet claims for reach of the bishop, at least by direct him in last Sunday's Tribune. means; for the reason that "the

plates"of the Book of Mormon are

THE BISHOP'S CASE. "not available"for the above purpose,

Briefly stated, the case of the bishop being in the keeping of the messenger against Joseph Smith as a translator to whom Joseph Smith returned them is this: after the translation was completed.

The competency of the Prophet as a But in certain Egyptian papyrus rolls, translator of ancient records can be asfound in a sarcophagus in. Egypt,

certained in but one way. "The original which came into Joseph Smith's postexts, together with his interpretations, session in 1835, a translation of which

must be submitted to competent scholhe published in March, 1842 (Times ars, and if they declare his translations and Seasons, vol. 3. Nos. 9 and 10.)

to be correct, then they must be acceptthe bishop finds something that will ed as true."serve his purpose equally well; beConversely, if the "competent cause with the Prophet's translation

scholars"shall declare his -translaand explanation of some parts of this tions to be incorrect, then, of course, ancient record, which the translator his claims as a translator fall to the called the Book of Abraham, is pubground; and with that failure as a lished three facsimiles of the original

translator demonstrated, his claims to Egyptian text from the Book of Abradivine inspiration cannot be allowed; ham. These facsimiles may be subhe is no prophet of God. If he was mitted to the learned Egyptolonot a truly inspired translator then he gists, and as "today the Egyptian lanis readily translated by manyhad no right to the religious leaderguage

ship which "earnest men"accorded scholars, we have just the test we him. need,"says the bishop, "of Joseph

"However sincere he may have been Smith's accuracy as a translator."

in believing in his mission,"the bishop (Pamphlet p. 18.)

argues, "if the translation he gave to The bishop has appiied the test.

is to say, Bishop Spalding sentmankind is false, he is shown to have That been selfdeceived."And if he was the facsimiles of the Egyptian reself-deceived in the matter of his transcords with Joseph Smith's translation

lations, then those witnesses who testiof the Book of Abraham, with the fied to the correctness of his translaProphet's partial translation and extion, by a supposed hearing of the planations of these facsimiles, to cervoice of God, declaring the fact, were tain American, English, and German diso selfdeceived (pamphlet p. 11;) Egyptologists for their opinion of the

and the result must be a repudiation accuracy of the translation, with the (if "the whole body of belief,"which result that they all—and there are

has been built upon Joseph Smith's eight of them—give judgment against

the Prophet.translations of ancient records—the

Book of Mormon and the Book of "THE JURY"IN THE CASE.

Abraham. These scholars, world renowned, are:

As the bishop remarks, ''these quesDr. A. H. Sayce of Oxford, England;

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"311

Dr. W. M. Flinders Petrie, London unidepend upon special scholarship are

versity; James H. Breasted, Ph.D.. questions that require time and reHaskell Oriental museum, University of search and discovery, and there is no

Chicago; Dr. Arthur C. Mace, assistant occasion for hurry in dealing with

curator, Metropolitan Museum of Art, them, and the conclusions of the

New York, department of Egyptian learned in such matters are not as unart; Dr. John Peters, University of changeable as they seam.

Pennsylvania, in charge of expedition For instance, qui'*, a remarkable reto Babylonia-, 18881895; the Rev Prof. volution has occured in Egyptology

C. A. B. Mercer, Ph. D., Western Thewithin recent years, within the period

ological seminary, custodian Hibbard of Egyptian activities, indeed, of a collection Egyptian reproductions; Dr. number of Bishop Spalding's jury, esEdward Meyer, University of Berlin; pecially of Dr. Petrie, whose activities

Dr. Friedrich Freiheer Von Bissing, are credited with beginning the revoluprofessor of Egyptology in the Univertion. "In the beginning of the year

sity of Munich. 1895,"remarks Prof. George SteinQuite a formidable list of learned dorff, ''with the assistance of his pupil

men, truly; and I give it, because I Quibell, he (Petrie) discovered many

think the bishop is entitled to have it cemeteries on the western bank of known by those reading these "rethe Nile, between the districts of marks"how eminent is the jury proNaquada and Eallas, the contents of nouncing on the case against the "Morwhich differed considerably from mon"Prophet. those of other graves in Egypt, and

which he therefore regarded not as

VALE BISHOP. Egyptian but as belonging probably to

At this point we may leave the bish- a Lybian race."One of the remarkop. He has done his duty; he has preable differences was the posture of

sented the case, and has received a the buried dead. With few exceptions

verdict. From this on we are to deal up to this time the dead were found

with that verdict, and the jury renderlying on their backs or on their sides ing it. at full length, the bodies found by

One who can lay no claim to the Dr. Petrie in the districts named

learning of Egypt at first hand, by were "doubled up, the knees drawn knowledge of original records, may well up, the hands before the face, pause before such an array of Egyptoand lying on the left side... The

logists as listed above, before underfuneral objects were peculiar."These

taking to comment upon their concluconsiderations led Dr. Petrie to consions. And truly it is in no spirit of clude that the race they represented

arrogance or flippancy or selfsuffi- was not Egyptian, A year later, howciency that I undertake to make my ever, the French Egyptologist Prof.

comments; neither as despising nor E. Amelineau made discoveries of a

flouting their learning. In their pressimilar character in the "rubbish

ence it is becoming in me, and all mounds known as Umm elGa"ab, near others unschooled in ancient Egyptian the ancient, sacred city of Abydos."

lore, to speak with modesty and be- "The tombs of the kings of Abydos,"have with becoming deference. But I remarks Prof. Steindorff, ''being pureask that due attention at this point ly Egyptian (as the inscriptions found

be given to the very limited scope of in them prove.) it naturally follows

what I propose: I am making a plea that the civilization brought to light

only in bar of final conclusions upon through these tombs is also Egyptian, this subject, and I think I can point and does not belong to another peoout from the decisions of these learned ple as Petrie at first assumed."

men sufficient reasons to warrant that But what was more important in the stay of final judgment for which I discoveries of Amelineau, was the openplead. And meantime I call the ating of several royal tombs; and "fortention of the youth of my own people tunately, three kings are mentioned

to the fact that these questions that by their birth names on two stone 312 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fragments found at Abydos, and in information preceding it, is from the these we recognize the kings Usaphais, paper, Excavations in Egypt, by Prof.

Miebis, and Lememses, mentioned in George Steindorff, published in Explorthe native lists, as well as 'by Maneations in Bible Lands, During the 19th tho. All three belong to the First Century—1903—pp. 625690.) "Little by

Dynasty, that is, to the period before little,"he adds, "we are gaining more the builders of the great pyramids light upon this dark subject."

(i. e. prior to 4,000, B. C.) which This is putting the results of the distherefore is also about the time when covery into very conservative terms.

the tombs of Abydos were built, and Prof. Clifton Marby Levy, member of

the period to which belong the other the Egyptian Exploration Fund, and similar cemeteries of Upper Egypt, a American Oriental Society, was more date which has been otherwise conenthusiastic in his comments on the firmed."result of the find about the time it ocAmong the discoveries at Abydos by curred:

Amelineau was the very tomb of "The gods are men. That is the Osiris! and in it the mumified reresult of the latest discoveries in oldmains of that ancient king. "Near the

Egypt. For Professor E. Amelineau,head were two hawks, and two more one of the most famous and trustwere at the feet: The dead was desigworthy of the explorers in Egypt, annated by the inscription: "Osiris, the

nounces positively that he has foundGood Being."The hawks were lathe very tcmbs in which were buried belled, Horus, the avenger of his

father; and the Godess Isis is also the bodies of the Egyptian deities

designated by her name"(From Osiris, Horus and Set. The discovery

allAmelineau's own description of his dishas made a tremendous sensation over the world, for these names hadcovery.)

been always supposed by modern scholPrevious to these discoveries18 9 6-

Prof. Steindorff declares that "the ars to be purely mythical.

earliest history and civilization of "It would be impossible to exaggerEgypt was, so to speak, terra ate the importance of Professor Ameincognita. For the period prior to the lineau's discovery, for it is more radiFourth Dynasty we were dependent, cal and farreaching than any of the

to a great extent, on the information many remarkable finds made in hisof Manetho. with a large mixture of toric Egypt. Not one of the modern

mythical elements, on the royal lists historians of that land of mystery from of kings, taken from older sources, and Flinders Petrie to Adolf Erman has exon occasional passages in Egyptian pressed any belief in the actual existtexts of the Old Empire and of later ence of the first divine kings of Egypt.

times. From these,however, we learned The names Osiris, Isis, Horus and Set

little more than the names and probhave been supposed by every writer to able order of the kings who ruled from be nothing more nor less than personiMenes down to Snofru (Sephuris,) the fications of the powers of nature.

predecessor of Cheops. Of the monu- "But scholars are critical beings,

ments of this period only the readier with new theories to explain tomb pyramid of Zeser and a few such stories than to accept them as remains of Mastabas of the Third containing the truth. It was incredible

Dynasty were known. In consequence to them that such beings as Osiris and

of this paucity of information, it has Horus ever lived, and in the legends of often happened that serious scholars their adventures they saw nothing have considered the kings of this earlimore than the personifying of the est period of Egyptian history as earth, the Nile, the sun and the stars.

mythical personages, or at least have M. Amelineau, however, with his spade,

come to the opinion that the lists of the upsets all of their theories, in so far kings were nothing but artificial comas they deny the existence of these pilations."(The above quotation, and gods on earth, for he has found their

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"313

tombls,"(Letter to the New York learned "saw nothing more than the

Sunday Journal, March 13th, 1898.) personifying of earth, the Nile, the

Nor is this likely to be the last upsun and the stars"(Levy). And

setting that new discoveries will bring doubtless some "Professor Breasted"concerning Egyptology. As remarked could have been found who would

by Prof. Steindorff—"more, considerhave said—in the event of our supable more, still remains hidden, waitposition happening previous to 1896

ing for the fortunate discoverer; and—The fact of these names being purethe day is far remote when the cry ly mythical, or representing only theof 'nothing new from Africa'will be natural elements—"This"our "Breastheard by the civilized world."ed"would have said, "was of course,

And now to apply this recent revounknown to Smith, but it is a fact not lution to the present case. Suppose only of my own knowledge, but also a

Joseph Smith, previous to 1895, had common place of the knowledge of announced that the mummies with every orientalist who works in the which was found the Egyptian rolls of Egyptian field"(pamphlet, p. 25).

papyrus, here in question, were But again the opening of a tomb, and doubled up, the knees drawn up, the all this "knowledge"vanishes, and hands before the face and lying on the names that were "myths"yesterthe left side. In that event some day, become the names of real person-

"Prof. Sayce,"doubtless, could have ages today Much virtue in the openbeen found who would have said: "It ing of a tomb; and the opening of

is difficult to deal seriously with tombs in Egypt is not ended yet, nor

Joseph Smith's impudent fraud"the results following the opening of (Pamphlet, p. 23); "every one knows,"tombs.

such a Sayce would doubtless have But, to the consideration of this veradded, "that no Egyptians have been dict.

found so buried, the mummies must BAD COPY, ILLEGIBLE.

be of some other race. And some

"Dr. Mace"could have been found to 1. Of "bad copying"of the original

it. of and what documents, may comedenounce such a declaration as "a the that in passing Let it be observed

farrago of nonsense"(Pamphlet p. 27) genuineness of the facsimiles is not in

is it, even for dignified, question, they are conceded to be—so easy

learned men, to speak contemptuously. Egyptian, though all of the jury, save

at reprothe attempt that one, insist the discoveriesBut since 189 6—since executed. badly been duction hasof Dr. Petrie and Prof. Amelineau

... have beenthe whole list of Egyptoligists would "The hieroglyphics

that hardly one ignorantly sobe in agreement with such a declaracopied is correct."of them

tion, such virtue is there in the turn- "have again, "hieroglyphics,"The of a tomb. opening of aing spade—the unintelligible into transformed been Smith announced Joseph had Or is copied of them one lines. Hardly

.that the mummies with which the rolls correctly."—Sayce

of papyrus were found contemporaneThis repetition in his letter in less ous with the ancient personages, than a dozen lines.

Osiris, Isis, Horus, Set, then what a "The inscriptions are far too badly storm of impatient ridicule would copied to be able to read them."—

have raged about the Prophet's head, Petrie.

and with what scorn the learned Commenting on figure "6,"plate 3, savants would have informed a listenDr. Breasted says:

ing world that, all this was "a farrago "The head should be that of nonsense,"that the names Osiris, of a wolf, or jackal, but which is here

Isis, Horus and Set are "nothing more badly drawn."

nor less than personifications of the "Cut 1 and 3 are inaccurate copies powers of nature"(Prof. Levy). It of wellknown scenes on funeral papyri."—Mace.was incredible that "such beings as

Osirus and Horus ever lived.""and in "The reproductions are very Lad."—

the legends of their adventures"the Meyer.

314 IMPROVEMENT ERA "The hieroglyphics are merely illegisimiles."The prophet describes the

ble scratches, the imitator not having original documents as "beautifully the skill or intelligence to copy such a written on papyrus, with black, and a script."—Peters.

"It is impossible from Smith's bad small part red, ink or paint, in perfect facsimiles to make out any meaning preservation. The characters are such

of the inscriptions."—Bissing. as you find upon the coffins of mumQuestion: If all this be true of the mies—hieroglyphics, etc.—with many

alleged facsimiles, how may the learned characters or letters like the present gentlemen pronounce judgment upon (though probably not quite so square) them with such certainty? May not form of the Hebrew, without points."

the differences noted in these cuts from (Hist, of the Ch., vol. II, p. 3 and 8.)

Egyptian documents with which they That is, the most ancient form of the are compared and contrasted, and Hebrew. From this it would appear

here assigned to bad copying, that the original was not defective.

arise from a real difference in The wood engraving for the cuts the documents themselves, due to p "O- published in The Times and Seasoiib duction of a different age, or by a so- (Vol. Ill, Nos. 9, 19),wasdoneby Reujourner in Egypt, such as Abraham ben Hedlock, an engraver from Canada.

was? A layman's question, of course John Taylor, later President Taylor,

but I venture to press it. M. Theoalso from Canada, and a worker in

dule Deveria, a young savant of the wood, was also present and working

Museum of the Louvre, Paris, when the on The Times and Seasons at the date same facsimiles were presented to him of the publication of the facsimiles, and for translation by M. Jules Remey, in there is little doubt but what the wood

1860—M. Remey was a French traveler engraving was reasonably well done.

who visited Utah in 1855-6 and afterAs to purposely changing the figures ward published his observations in two or altering the text, that is out of the volumes, largely devoted to Utah and question, since that would have subthe "Mormons"—made the same comjected the prophet to detection and explaint against the facsimiles, namely, posure, as after the facsimiles and the

that the reproduction was bad, that the Book of Abraham were both published, hieroglyphics and figures in the copies the mummies, with which the papyri submitted to him were in some cases were found, and the papyri, were on dim and may not be deciphered. In exhibition at the.home of the Prophet's

other caseshe insists that the figures parents at Nauvoo, subject to the inshould be different, and claims that spection of all who might choose to others still have been purposely alexamine them. As late as May, "fortytered in copying. three days before the death of the

This is substantially the claim of our prophet", in 1844, they were examined present learned jury. M. Deveria, as by Josiah Quincy—the Josiah of

well as they, obtained a different trans- "Figures of the Past"authorship.

lation from that given by Joseph Smith; It is not, therefore, likely that

upon which, elsewhere, I have reJoseph Smith or his associates would marked: "If it is the facsimiles thus designedly change any of the figures in

changed that M. Deveria has interprettheir copy of these documents and run

ed, then of course his interpretation such risk of detection and exposure.

would differ from the translation made Again I say, such differences as are by Joseph Smith, who doubtless folfound to exist between these facsimiles lowed strictly the papyrus text. (Amerand similar documents with which they

icana, N. Y., April, 1911, p. 377, note.) are compared by our jury of savants,

I venture to make the same comment may not arise from "bad copying,"but upon the work of the jury of savants represent documents of different comnow being considered. position from those with which they

HOW IT WAS ENGRAVED. are compared; of different ages, and

And now as to the "bad copying"and executed by a sojourner in Egypt, as purposely altering figures in the "facwas Abraham.

''JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"315

A Facsimile from the Book of Abraham.

122/ /7 / / / / / / /////// /T/7 / ////"/// // > \ \ \ V \ \ \ \ V,y, \V N -, VVWV \ v \\ \\T\ \\\

\iWtUJ//j/t ///////////////// r/f //////// tTTTTTp uiiniijiifii niiKn

CUT NO. 1. EXPLANATION OF ABOVE.

Fig. 1, The Angel of the Lord. 2, Abraham fastened upon an altar. C,

the idolatrous priest of Elkenah attempting to offer up Abraham as a sacrifice.

4, The altar for sacrifice by the idolatrous priests, standing before the gods of Elkenah, Libnah, Mahmackrah, Korash, and Pharaoh. 5, the idolatrous

7, The idolatrous god ofgod of Elkenah. 6. The idolatrous god of Libnah.

Mahmackrah. 8, The idolatrous god of Korash. 9, The idolatrous god of Pharaoh. 10. Abraham in Egypt. 11, Designed to represent the pillars of heaven,

as understood by the Egyptians. 12, Raukeeyang. signifying expanse, or the

firmament over our heads; but in this case, in relation to this subject, the

Egyptians meant it to signify Shaumau. to be high, or the heavens, answering to the Hebrew word Shaumahyeem.

316 IMPROVEMENT ERA A Facsimile from the Book of Abraham.

CUT NO. 2. EXPLANATION OF THE FOREGOING CUT.

Fig. 1. Kolob, signifying the first creation, nearest to the celestial, or residence of God. First in government, the last pertaining to the measurement

of time. The measurement according to celestial time, which celestial time

signifies one day to a cubit. One day in Kolob is equal to a thousand years,

according to the measurement of this earth, which is called by the Egyptians

Jahoh-eh.

Fig. 2. Stands next to Kolob, called by the Egyptians Oliblish, which is the

next grand governing creation near to the celestial or the place where God resides; holding the key of power also, pertaining to other planets; as revealed from God to Abraham, as he offered sacrifice upon an altar, which he

had built unto the Lord.

Fig. 3. Is made to represent God sitting upon his throne, clothed with

power and authority; with a crown of eternal light upon his head; representing also the grand KeyWords of the Holy Priesthood, as revealed to Adam

in the Garden of Eden, as also to Seth, Noah, Melchisedeck, Abraham, and all to whom the Priesthood was revealed.

Fig. 4. Answers to the Hebrew word Raukeeyang signifying expanse, or

the firmament of the heavens; also a numerical figure, in Egyptian signifying one thousand; answering to the measuring of the time of Oliblish, which

is equal with Kolob in its revolution and in its measuring of time.

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"317

Fig. 5. Is called in Egyptian Enishgo-ondosh; this is one of the governing- planets also, and is said by the Egyptians to be the Sun, and to borrow

its light from Kolob through the medium of Kae-e-vanrash, which is the grand key, or in other words, the governing power, which overns 15 other fixed planets or stars, as also Floeese or the Moon, the Earth and the Sun in their annual revolutions. This planet receives its power through the medium of

Kliflos-ises, or Hahko-kaubeam, the stars represented by numbers 22 and 23, receiving light from the revolutions of Kolob.

Pig. 6. Represents the earth in its four quarters.

Fig. 7. Represents God sitting upon his throne revealing through the

heavens the grand KeyWords of the Priesthood; as also, the sign of the HolyGhost unto Abraham, in the form of a dove.

Fig. 8. Contains writing that cannot be revealed unto the world; but is

to be had in the Holy Temple of God.

Fig. 9. Ought not to be revealed at the present time.

Fig. 10. Also.

Pig 11. Also. If the world can find out these numbers, so let it be.

Amen.

Figs. 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, and 20, will be given in the own due time

of the Lord.

The above translation is given as far as we have any right to give, at the present time.

Plate from the Berlin Museum Collection,

In the New York Time* of I December 29th. 1912.

Magic Disk for use under mummy's head. Note similarity to Plate No- 4(2) from "The

Pearl of Grea Price."

318 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A Facsimile from the Book of Abraham.

CUT N. 3. EXPLANATION OF THE ABOVE CUT.

1. Abraham sitting upon Pharaoh's throne, by the politeness of the king

with a crown upon his head, representing the Priesthood, as emblematical of the 'rand Presidency in Heaven; with the sceptre of justice and judgment in

his hand. 2. King Pharaoh, whose name is given in the characters above his head.

3. Signifies Abraham in Egypt; referring to Abraham, as given in the

ninth number of the Times and Seasons. (Also as given in the first facsimile

of this book).

4. Prince of Pharaoh, King of Egypt, as written above the hand.

5. Shulem, one of the king's principal waiters, as represented by the characters above his hand.

6. Olimlah, a slave belonging to the prince.

Abraham is reasoning upon the principles of astronomy, in the king's '"urt. "JOSEPH SMI'JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"319

And this, too, might have an importhe opportunity of putting these two tant bearing upon the date of the docudiscs side by side in this article for ments which our jury insists "are all comparison and contrast, and they are many centuries later than Abraham: accordingly published herewith.

... about 960 to 750 B. C."—Petrie. Two things are established by this

Such documents as facsimile No. 2, opportunity for comparison and consaid by the jury to be a sort of funeral trast; first that the facsimiles plate

is not untablet, in common use, "did not appear from the Book of Abraham in any Egyptian burials until over a skillfully executed as charged. As a

thousand years after the time of Abrabit of art engraving it is in every way 3, superior to the reproduction of theham."—Breasted. Of facsimile No.

also related to funeral uses—of which Times plate facsimile from the Berlin

is nothing incongruthere are many of the kind—"yet it Museum. There

may be stated as certain that the ous between detail and general plan, scene was unknown until about 500 as there doubtless would be if any of the pictographs had been designedlyyears after Abraham's day."—Breasted.

It is fortunate for Joseph Smiths changed as is charged in respect of so "copied or (Deveria), plate dethis not did learned jury the thatclaims is of them hardly one that ignorantly of more were documents thecide that to it I leave (Sayce.) And for that correct"than Abraham, dateancient that parts in those to say if the reader a real difficulty, presentedwould have in two alike the nearly are most day, his he may of side this beingbut is not execution artistic the facsimiles docuof such author the beenhave disc. of in Abraham the Book superior not of them copies may thoughments, by established thing second The centuries until multiplied beenhave these of two facsimiles the publishing

later. plates side by side, is that they are

Since the above appeared in print, not identical plates. That while there

the New York Times has devoted a are certain similarities in the two, page and a half of its valuable space enough to show that they may in part to this subject, and with sensational treat of the same general subjects headlines announced how "Museum (and that is what is required by the walls proclaim fraud of 'Mormon'circumstances as we shall later see);

Prophet."The tone of the Times aryet the similarity is not so marked as

ticle in general is in sympathy with to the distinctive features between the

Bishop Spalding's jury, and contribtwo (and that is what is required by utes its voice against the Prophet. the circumstances as we shall presentThe article is illustrated with cuts, one ly see). To establish this distinction

of the "Mormon"temple, the three in the conviction of the reader, let him facsimiles from the Book of Abraham, take the middle line of combined picand a circular disc from the Berlin tographs and hieroglyphics and conmuseum collection, and invites its sider them. While the central figure

readers to note similarity to plate No. has enough similarity to indicate the

4 (the number it gives to circular same -idea, yet in the Book of Abraplate No. 2 in the Pearl of Great ham pictograph there is but one

Price). It is only reasonable to predisced, dogheaded like animal on

sume that after all the claims that are each side; and then four lines of

made of this circular disc of the Book closely written hieroglyphics on each of Abraham being practically identiside. In the Berlin plate there are

cal with the funerary discs plentifully three doglike animals on each side, found in Egyptian tombs and modern and no hieroglyphics, except two or museums, the one most nearly three. In the central figure on the tcp

resembling the Book of Abraham disc line there is marked similarity; but in

was selected by the Times writer for the Book of Abraham facsimile there reproduction, in facsimile. That beis a perpendicular line of hieroglyphing granted as reasonable, I for one ics, and other details absent from the

thank the Times writer for giving me Berlin plate. Note also the difference

320 IMPROVEMENT ERA in the two plates as to the pictographs years while our record has remained to the right of this central figure. A uncorrupted. Hence the differences.

hieroglyphics the ofcomparison AMONG THE will also II—DISAGREEMENTS of the platecircling the rim JURY OF SAVANTS.

show distinctiveness; and there are a

to the whole plate:number of others, but this is sufficient Plate I.—As

to start the reader in making his com- "The well known scene of Anubis preparing the body of a dead man."parisons and contrasts.—Petrie.

Again, respecting these differences in "Apparently the plate represents anthe facsimilies from the Book of embalmer [name evidently unknown

Abraham and the Egyptian documents just a common undertaker, perhaps.

of the museums, relating perhaps, at R.] preparing a body for burial."—Peleast, to similar subjects, and with ters.

"Parts of the well known Book of the which our jury of savants compare and Dead."—Meyer.contrast the facsimilies Riven out by "This figure represents Osiris raisJoseph Smith: I am of opinion that ing from the dead."(!)—Breasted.

the Book of Abraham itself gives a Judging from the plate itself, if Ikey which may lead to a solution of the were on the jury, I should vote with matter. In that record we are inBreasted, for surely the whole scene is

formed that the first Pharaoh, son of too animated for the embalming of the

Egyptus, the daughter of Ham, was a dead. The main figure on the bedsteadrighteous man, but being of the race, like altar, with both hands raised in

that was denied the right to the priestprotest, and one foot up, is evidentlyhood, which had obtained among the not ready for the supposed embalming ancient patriarchs, he nevertheless esprocess that Petrie and Peters think is tablished his kingdom and judged his under way. It should be observed, too,people wisely and justly all his days,

that the figure to be "embalmed"is seeking earnestly to imitate that order clothed, and presumably in his right (i. e. of the priesthood) established by

mind judging from the expression the fathers in the first generations, in intelligent of rather and the open first reign, of the patriarchal the days

It is "eye. expression the of in the reign of"even and also of Adam,

more like a book of the livingNoah."Allowing this in the account,

and it may not be denied its place, than of the "dead;"more like rethen we of the "Mormon"side of the sistance to an assassin, as Joseph

it, an attempt to offer controversy have the right to say: Smith depicts

"Differences in these leaves form the the patriarch Abraham as a sacrifice either an embalmBook of Abraham and the leaves from to false gods—than

the Book of the Dead in your muing scene or a resurrection.

I: seums, and in the hands of your saAs to the separate figures on plat

ants? Yes, certainly; for our facFigure 1—The hawklike bird.

similies were written by one holding "The hawk of Horus."—Petrie.

the true and ligitimate order of the "A bird in which form Isis is repre- ("The hawk of priesthood, and capable of representing sented"—Breasted Horus"and this alleged representation

in pictographs and hieroglyphics of of Isis cannot be regarded as identical his times its true signs and insignia, or as having anything in common, since and history; what you find in Isis was the sister and wife of Osiris.

and the mother of Horus; and Horus a

the tombs of Egyptians kings solar deity, the avenger of his father and priests, and upon the walls see Rawlinson and others. R.)

of Egyptian temples, is but an "The soul (Kos) is flying away in the of form a bird"—Peters.imitation of that ancient order of in soul the "The shape of a bird is

things of which book our documents flying above it"(i. e. the body)

speak, but yours, doubtless, inaccuraMeyer.

"The soul is leaving the body in thetely from the first, being but an imitamoment when the priest (3) is opening tion, and that imitation (again doubtthe body with a knife for mummifaclessly) varied from, in the course of tion"—Bissing.

"JOSEPH SMITH. JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"321

SOUL OF OSIRIS. sion let us proceed, for there is more

To these diverse interpretations or to follow. I continue with plate No.

this figure 1, I add that of M. Deveria: 1, Figure 2:

"The soul of Osiris, under the form of "The dead person"—PETRIE.

a hawk."He also adds, in parenthesis, "The body of the dead lying aba'

that the hawk "should have a human (bier)"—MEYER.

"The dead man is lying abier"—BIShead."Yes, or the head of an ass, SING.

then it could be made to mean some- "The reclining figure lifts one foot thing else than what these other learnand both arms. This figure represents

ed men describe it as meaning. DeOsiris rising from the dead!"BREASTED.

veria also says that "figure 3"—which "Osiris coming to life on his funeral

Breasted calls an "officiating priest;"couch! "—DEVERIA.

Meyer "a priest approaching it"(i. e.

the "bier"); and Peters, an "embalmAgain, were I on the jury, I should

3"in this case vote with Breasted and'er"—Deveria, I say, calls "figure

"The God of Anubis."With this Petrie, Deveria, for the figure discussed represents a very lifelike attitude for a of Bishop Spalding's jury, agrees; except that Deveria says he is "effecting corpse. If Mark Twain was commentthe resurrection of Osiris,"and Petrie ing on the alleged "dead man"he

would doubtless say that the report that "he is the conductor of the souls of his being dead was "very much exof the dead."Petrie makes no comaggerated."plaint against the form of "figure 3,"

but Deveria insists that he "should If our good bishop was in any way have a jackal's head."Yes, or some responsible for all this confusion of

other change might be suggested, and interpretation of the plates, I should by such process some other meaning laugh outright, for he is no more of may be read into the plate and make it an Egyptologist than I am; but as it

different from the translation of Joseph is a learned jury of savants that have

Smith. each other by the ears, it will be beLet us all stand together here a mocoming in me to place my hand over

I do ment—this jury of savants, and M. Demy mouth and stand demure, as

veria, and also you and I, bishop, let us now.

Tor a moment join the group, though Explanations of plates 2 and 3 are we be no savants we need not be much not as extended as in the case of this 1, for which reason, I take abashed for the moment; and let the plate No.

it, there is less conflict and more gen- "mad Hamlet"instruct us:

Polonius, the tiresome old courtier, eral agreement among members of has been sent to bring Prince Hamlet the jury than in the explanations of to the presence of his mother, then plate No. 1. But we have tne dictum,

on the high authority of Dr. Sayce of

"Hamlet: Do you see yonder cloud Oxford, that the hieroglyphic? of plate

that's almost the shape of a camel?"No. 3 "have been transformed into

"Polonius: By the mass, and 'tis like unintelligible lines;""that hardly one

camel, indeed."a and how correctly,"is copied them Methinks it is like a cf "Hamlet: cirfor, under such it stands what weasel."

"Polonius: It is backed like a weasel."cumstances, is to be made out is dif-

"Hamlet: Or like a whale?"ficult for the lay mind to comprehend.

"Polonius: Very like a whale."It should also be remembered that I will ccme to my "Hamlet: Then these savants in their interpretation by."mother by and

of the facsimiles are pointing out

All right, bishop, for one, I will what they conceive to be the meaning change my belief in Joseph Smith's of some few of the principal figures translation of these Egyptian plates, but give us no translation of what "by and by,"perhaps, but it will not might be thought, by the layman, to be until there is more harmony among be the "script"of the text, namely, your Egyptologists. After this digresthe small characters around the bor322 IMPROVEMENT ERA

der of the circular disc, as also around simulatneous principle of father and and within the main part of the other son.

facsimiles. If, as one of the jury deFigure 3: "The God Ra, the sun,

clares (Mace), "Egyptian characters with a hawk's head seated in his can now be read almost as easily as icalboat. figuresIn the accordingfield the twoto symbol-M. de

Greek,"one wonders how it is that Rouge, the fixed points of an astronone or other of the plates was not omical period."

completely translated, and its story Figure 5; "The mystic cow, the

"exhaustively told. Can it be that great cow, symbolizing the inferior

hemisphere of the heavens."Egyptologists are not as sure of their

knowledge of ancient Egyptian script Joseph Smith's explanation of this No.

as the above remark of Dr. Mace 2 circular disc is that it deals with

would lead us to think they are? Is the science of astronomy, and wtth

not our knowledge of the Egyptian sacred mysteries. For the former see

records still in its swaddling band of his explanations of figures 1, 2, 4, 5, infancy? What is said of plate No. 6; circular disc and for the latter, 2, however, is more important for anhis exthe sacred mysteries—see other reason than for disagreements planation of figure 8—"contains writing

among our jury of savants, and that cannot be revealed unto the world which I now proceed to point out. but is to be had in the Holy Temple of

III.—IMPORTANT CONFIRMATION God.""Figure 9 ought not to be reOF JOSEPH SMITH'S DECLARAvealed at the present time; figure 10

TIONS WITH REFERENCE TO also. Figure 11 also; if the world can

PLATE NO. 2. find out these numbers, so let it be.

Amen.""Figures 1220 will be given in "No. 2 is one of the usual discs with

magic inscriptions placed beneath the the own due time of the Lord.""Figure

head of the dead."—PETRIE. 3,"the prophet says, "is made to repre-

"Cut No. 2 is a copy of one of the sent God, sitting upon his throne,

magical discs which in the late Egyptian period were placed undei the head clothed with power and authority, with eternal light upon his head; of the mummies."—MACE. a crown of

"Facsimile No. 2 * * * is commonly representing also the grand key words

called among Egyptologists a hypoof the holy priesthood as revealed to cephalus. It was placed under the in the Garden of Eden, as alsohead of the mummy, and the various Adam

representations upon it were of a magto Seth, Noah, Melchizedek, Abraham, ical power designed to assist the deand all to whom the priesthood was receased in various ways, especially to prevent the loss of his head."—vealed."

BREASTED. "Figure 7,"the Prophet also declares,

"represents God sitting upon his throne It.is proper to say that our "juryrevealing through the heavens the

man"adds: "These did not come into grand key words of the priesthood; as,

use until the late centuries, just before also, the sign of the Holy Ghost unto the Christian era."(For an explanaAbraham, in the form of a dove."

tion of which see the paragraph quotTo the idea of this plate being "saed from Reynolds later.) cred"or possessed of "magical"power

Figure 1. in the Book of Abraham "designed to assist the deceased in

facsimile plate no. 2, is interpreted various ways, especially to prevent

by Deveria to be: the loss of his head,"and parts of it

not to be revealed unto the world, and "The spirit of the four elements, some of it only in holy places—to allor rather of the four winds, or the

four cardinal points; the soul of the this, several of cur jury of savants

terrestial world."give contributing evidence. But how

Figure 2, same plate; "Amon Ra came Joseph Smith by this knowledge,

with two human heads, meant probthat this plate treated of these twoably to represent invisible both the or mysterous principle of Amnion, and things,Astronomy and sacred mysteries the visible or luminous principle of if not by "inspiration,"for confesRa, the sun; or else the double and sedly he did not obtain it by Egyptian

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"323

scholarship? Neither could he by their dead in the robes of the holy

searching find it out, as no means of priesthood. "No doubt the true meaning of these

interpreting the Egyptian hieroglyphics 'key words'was soon lost among the was at hand until the publication of Egyptians, but they knew enough to

Champollion's Elementary Egyptian understand something of their value, their apostate rolled on, as agesGrammar was issued, which did not and some invented doubtlessly priesthood come from the press until 1841; and myth to take their place."—The Bouk

the Book of Abraham and these facor Abraham. Its Authenticity estabsimiles were published in March, 1842. lished as a Divine and Ancient Record,

It is safe to say that Joseph Smith 1870, George Reynolds, pp. 21, 22.

never saw Champollion's grammar, preIn passing I would call attention to vious to the publication of the Book the fact that this book by Mr. Reyof Abraham if at all. nolds has been very much neglected by

On this whole matter of facsimile the Latterday Saints. Bishop SpalNo. 2, the late George Reynolds has ding seems not to be aware of its exan enlightening passage: istence, else I feel sure he would not

have remarked that the "Mormons"argument an as urged been It has bad paid little attention to the claims translation the of veracity theagainst by the Prophet Joseph Smith, of the of M. Deveria, referred to in M. Recircular cut or disc, but why, we cannot mey's books. And if Bishop Spalding's

comprehend, that numerous copies of it brochure shall result in attracting any of museums among scattered exist, general attention to this very able been found have These copies Europe.

buried with numerous mummies in tne work of the late George Reynolds, the same way as the one that fell into the "Mormons"may forgive the bishop an of being Instead hands. Prophet's momenthe maj slight shock the of for truthfulness the against argument at hurling by them given arily have Smith, Joseph given by the translation

we consider it a very strong one in its their heads the opinions of his jury of

Egyptologists reason, favor. For this potensavants on the translations of their that some peculiar acknowledge

cy was ascribed to it by the ancient Prophet. I commend the book of Mr.

Egyptians, but their ideas are very Reynolds to all interested in tne subvague as to in what that power conject, especially for its careful and sisted scholarly treatment of tne interna) the ancient with "It was customary their evidences of this fragment of the enshroud inhabitants of Egypt to dead in hieroglyphic wrappings, on "Mormon"Prophet's work. But to

which various facts relating to the life return now to our argument. This were narrated. the deceased of the Of the value of this incidental conto Osiris, writing was addressed

chief lord of Amenti, the land of tne firmation of the Prophet Joseph's departed, and amongst other things declaration concerning the general tne Osir, of the acts it the that stated No. 2, esdisc circular of character the scrutinized by been deceased, had of passage significant the in pecially investito appointed inquisitors seven

gate the lives of men, and that he was Dr. Breasted, we at least may say mat

found worthy to pass by those who we are more than compensated for eternal the of gates the guarded of what else of damage it may be thought blessings the of partake worlds, and the saved. has been inflicted upon the standing

"Accompanying the mummy is also of Joseph Smith as a translator of often found this sacred disc, or hyancient records by the testimony of it, term the learned as pocephalus, this group of Egyptologists. usually not, was mistake which, if we

the of head or SPALDING. near the placed under OP BISHOP given by PURPOSE translations The mummy. same time, but at the idea no I have a mild, convey learned professedly the

why this was so placed, but the reve- 1 trust, only a respectful curiosity, prophet, martyred Spalding lations our through Bishop interest what know the to of words |1j key the contains at it Joseph of question the in have the can makes once at priesthood, holy or translator, a as buried accuracy Egyptians plain. Smith's reason The

this disc containing these sacred the historicity of the Book of Mormon, very much for dead, their with words bury or of the Book of Abraham. A Saints the that reason the same

324 IMPROVEMENT ERA

understand his position,he follows those of the work of the higher criticism, who go to the farthest frontiers of the four gospels are a complete wreck as historical records. * * * * As auresearch in modern, or higher, critthorities for the life of Jesus they are

icism of the ancient Hebrew and hopelessly shattered by the assaults of little criticism. the they higher HowChristian scriptures; fearlessly acand

* * * tell historic of Jesus! us ancepts the results of that school of is Chrisin There only one which way

thought, up to the point of believing tianity can survive, and that is by the with many of its leaders that religion surrender of its claim of being a hisit religion, placing of and themay be founded and become a reality torical * spiritual foundation."on a purely

in the world, notwithstanding defective Our author argues as follows foi historical origins. this position:

listen to the mystic who If I am right in this opinion of his "Why not tells us that it is nothing less than mental attitude in respect to this subidolatry to fix. our thought and worject, and I should be sorry to mistake ship on a historical Jesus, who is suphis position, then I might ask of what posed to have lived in Palestine two thousand years ago, that a fieshand-

importance to him is the objective exblood Jesus is a contradiction in terms, istence of the plates of which the Book and that what the gospel writers inof Mormon is said to be a translation; tended to give the world was not hisor the genuineness of the Egyptian tory or biography, but spiritual allegory or drama."(!) (Rev. K. C. Anrolls of papyrus, from which it is alderson, D D., Hibbert Journal, Januleged Joseph Smith translated the Book ary, 1911.)

of Abraham, or what matters it if JoNow, if I am right as to the bishop'sseph Smith was or was not an accurate attitude on the matter of higher crititranslator of ancient records, Egyptian cism, why does he not treat Mormonor otherwise? If the recent deductions

ism as such criticism treats Judaismof higher criticism be accepted, and I and Christianity; not on the ground ofunderstand the bishop to accept them,

its historicity, or the accuracy of itsthen these questions that concern themtranslated documents, but from theselves with objective existences, historconception that Joseph Smith's puricity, and even accuracy of translations, pose, as higher critics say the purposeor any translation at all, are merely of the New Testament writers was,matters of minor importance, the mere "not to write history, but to edify,"to scaffolding of realities and not the realteach some religious truth "whichities themselves, and really not vital. they regarded as all important;"notAllow me to explain: One of the most to give out correct translations of anemphatic utterances of higher criticism

cient documents, but to give the world says: some "spiritual allegory, or drama."

"The time has come when it seems The above is written, not to seek to necessary deliberately to raise the quesshift the basis of the argument, betion whether the story which we have in the four gospels of the birth, life, cause I would escape the difficulties death, resurrection and ascension of involved in the "Mormon"side of the their central figure, was designed by controversy, but just to point out the their authors to be taken as literal history. The higher criticism, indeed, fact to the respected bishop, that

is forcing this question to the front, however much others may call in and the time does not seem far disquestion the historical facts in which tnnt when all sections of the church "Mormonism"had its origin; the obwill have to face it."jective existence of the plates, from

The result of the higher criticism on which it is alleged the Book of Morthe New Testament he describes as folmon was translated; or the accuracy

lows: of the Prophet Joseph as a translator

"But the result has been to show in of either the Book of Abraham or the almost if not every part of scripture Book of Mormon, it is not necessary that what we have is not history propto his school of thought to take us to er; that the author's purpose was not task on these questions, since he mustto write history, but to edify, to teach

some religious truth which he regardregard them as not at all vital to the ed as allimportant As a result maintenance of the real truth of "Mor- "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"325

monism."Hence for him, upon reagainst it; but it remains truth, just

flection, his performance in the adroitly the same. And so in this case.

prepared argument against Joseph I believe that in. the translations

Smith as a translator, must ever be Joseph Smith has given to the world apropos to nothing. confessedly not by scholarship but by

inspiration, by his own spirit being

PLEA TN BAR. quickened by contact with God's spirit

in those translations are truths I trust that without laying myself—that

that are parts of a mighty system ofopen to the charge of egotism, I may truth, the like of which is not foundclaim that the modest task proposed at elsewhere among men. And that systhe outset of this writing has been tem of truth, now being worked out inachieved, namely, that a successful the experiences of both individual menplea has been made in bar of final and nations of men, will receive, ereconclusions upon the questions inthe end, a splendid vindication both asvolved in Bishop Spalding's criticism a system and in all its parts. of Joseph Smith as a translator; that

And here I might paraphrase a pasthe case against the "Mormon"Prophet is not quite so formidable as it at first sage from George Rawlinson employed in his "Historical Evidences of theappeared to be; and that my readers

will find sufficient reasons herein.'set Truth of the Scripture Records: If

forth to cause them to suspend judgany new form of evidence shall herement until some more worthy considafter be needed to meet new forms of eration may be given to the bishop's attack, and authenticate afresh the dewill be found truth, they of word compethose more brochure—until the fulfor waiting somewhere, posited tent, in anaboth in scholarship, and

lytical power, and skill in such ness oftime; and God will bring them

learned controversy, may find opporforth in their season, from the dark tunity to give the subject the attenhieroglyphics, or the desert sands, or tion it deserves. the dusty manuscripts, to confound the

Meantime, I would suggest to my adversaries of his word, and to magown people that they should rememnify his name.

ber that there is a wide difference beSecure in such a conviction, here let tween the thing that one may not be us stay ourselves, nothing daunted;

able to explain and the thing which and let the world's investigation of overthrows his theory altogether. our truth be welcomed, confident, with

One may not always account fully for the apostle of the Gentiles, that nothhis truth, nor beat down successfully ing can be done against the truth, but all objections that may be urged for the truth.

326 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Book of Abraham.

BY J. M. SJODAHL, EDITOR OF THE DESERET NEWS

[On December 17, the following article appeared as an editorial in the

Deseret News. The Era has permission from the author, Elder J. M. Sjodahl, to

reproduce it in this series. The Editors.]

We are indebted to the Right Rev. ham. His effort to break down faith in

Bishop F. S. Spalding for a copy of the Book of Mormon by directing

his pamphlet on "Joseph Smith, Jr., as against it the heavy batteries of Egypt-

a Translator."ian scholarship, is, therefore, not surIn this pamphlet the author quotes prising. But it will prove in vain.

eminent scholars in proof of the asUNFAIR REASONING.sertion that the Prophet's translation

of certain Egyptian documents accomBefore taking up the "scholarship"panying the "Book of Abraham"is argument, we may state that the reawrong. And he argues that if the soning of the Bishop concerning the

Prophet failed in one Instance, he failed translation of the Book of Mormon and in another, and his translation of the the Book of Abraham is hardly fair.

Book of Mormon must also be rejected. The Book of Mormon was translated by

The scholars quoted are: Dr. A. H. inspiration, by means of "Urim and

Sayce, Oxford, England; Dr. W. H. Thummim, the same instrument which

Flinders Petrie, London University; Dr. enabled ancient men of God to render

James H. Breasted, Haskell Oriental an infallible judgment and give to the

Museum, Chicago; Dr. Arthur C. Mace, people the mind and will of God. The

assistant Curator, Metropolitan MuProphet Joseph, at the time he was seum of Art, New York; Dr. John Petcalled to render those ancient records

ers, University of Pennsylvania; Prof. into English, was an unlearned youth

C. A. B. Mercer, Western Theological and the book itself was written in a

Seminary; Dr. Edward Meyer, Unilanguage beyond the reach of the

versity of Berlin, and Dr. Friedrih scholarship of our day. Its contents

Freiherr von Bissing, University of had to be revealed by the operation

Munich. of the Holy Spirit upon the mind of

This is, of course, a formidable array the Prophet, or remain unknown. It

of scholarship, but not half as formidwas different with the Book of Abraable as that which could be quoted ham. That record came into his hands

against the genuineness and authenticby purchase, as any other ancient docity of the Pentatuech, for instnace. ument might have been procured. When

Bishop Spalding is well aware of it first attracted his attention he knew the truth of this proposition. In very little about its importance, but

fact, the Rev. gentleman is, we with the aid of W. W. Phelps and Olibelieve, somewhat infatuated with very Cowdery he began to decipher

the scholarship which has prosome of the hieroglyphics, and as this duced a criticism known, since the work proceeded, he found to his joy days of Eichhorn, as "higher,"though that he had before him a literary pro- "negative"would describe its character duction traceable to Abraham. Then he

more accurately. If he would state, took up the study of the letters and the

freely and frankly, his views on cergrammar of the Egyptian language. In

tain portions of the Bible, they would this research he found himself, virtube found not to differ essentially from ally, on pioneer ground, but, like Chamthose expressed on the correctness of pollion, he had an almost intuitive linthe translation of the Book of Abraguistic sense The work, however, pro327 "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"

Ifeedea slowly. It was begun in 1835. the Rev. gentleman knows better.

Not till seven years later, in 1842, could He knows that scholars sometimes are he begin the publication. (See "History wrong, and that they are compelled by

of the Church"by Brigham H.Roberts, facts to abandon old theories for new

page 519, Vol. 4.) And it was never ones. In the case of a difference of

completed. opinion, how does he know which side

Here, then, is a difference between is certainly right? How does he know

the two translations. The meaning of that the Prophet is not right, and that

the characters on the Book of Mormon those on the other side are not wrong?

plates was given to him miraculously, Mathematics is an exact science, and by the direct operation of the Spirit its propositions may be demonstrated, of God upon his mind made receptive but not so archeology.

through prayer, visions, and meditation. SCHOLARS SOMETIMES AREThe correct understanding of the Book WRONGof Abraham was fiven, also by the

power of the Spirit of God but through Need we illustrate the fact that the usual channels of research and as scholars sometimes are wrong?

a reward for faithful Investigation and It is still within the memory of man labor. That the Prophet prayed earnestthat Heinrich Schliemann was branded,

ly for light and knowledge during the by some pretty good scholars, as a time he was occupied upon the transdreamer, if not an impostor, when he lation, we need not say; for, like all first announced his startling discoverthe mighty men of God, he was a man ies. And yet, today, it is generally acof prayer and supplication; that the knowledged thai, as a result of his

Lord answered his prayer, there can be archeological researches, new light has no doubt. Both translations are, therebeen thrown on the ancient Greek civilfore, given by. inspiration, but they ization.

came through different channels. That August le Plongeon. who devoted

is the reason why the Bishop's arguyears to researches in Yucatan, was in ment is not fair. If a mistake should his day regarded as little better than a

be proved in the translation of the charlatan, and some of his labors were

Egyptian documents, that would not necessarily expended on a defense of in any way affect the translation of his claim to a hearing in the scientific the Book of Mormon. For such a world. Either he was wrong, or hismistake might be due to the channel

through which the inspiration flowed, critics were wrong. In either case the

fact remains that, scholars sometimeswithout lessening the value of the Book are wrong.itself. There can be no such mistake

But hear Dr. M. G. Kyle, an eminentin the Book of Mormon which came

Egyptologist:without the aid of scientific channels.

THE SCHOLARSHIP ARGUMENT. gists"In of1904Europeone of saidthe foremostto me: archeolo-'I do not

Bishop Spalding's chief argument is believe there ever were such people not believe as the Hittites and I do inscriptions this: Because there is a difference of 'Kheta'in the Egyptian

opinion between certain eminent scholwas meant for the name 'Hittites.'

ars and the Prophet Joseph concerning We will allow that archeologist to be ruins of Troy but the now, the meaning of the hieroglyphics the nameless to a people of her the right vindicated

Prophet translated, therefore he is wrong place in real history and the ruins of and the scholars are right. This is the Boghatzkoi bid fair to afford a more

most extraordinary attempt at logic striking vindication of the Bible representation of the Hittites."ever put forth by a scholar. The conclusion rests upon the monstrous asWe appreciate the courtesy of Dr.

sumption that there is an infallible, unKyle in not mentioning the name of the changeable scholarship, incapable of prominent European archeologist who receiving more light, and to contradict manifested his ignorance by his skepwhich is heresy. We know better, and ticism. For ought we know, it might

328.IMPROVEMENT ERA

have been one of the European scienas held by nearly all Semitic scholars."

tists quoted by Bishop Spalding. But Here is a possible change announced in

whoever he was, he was as mistaken the conceptions of scholarship, which as he was positive. For, through the promises a complete scientific revoluresearches of Winckler, and others, an tion.

entire Hittite empire has been recovThere is no infallibility in scholarship.

ered from the debris of the past. It was To assume that the Prophet was wrong

an empire in Asia Minor, extending in simply because scholars say so is to every direction, and it was important bea; the question.

enough to enter into treaties with DISCREPANCIES IN THE TESTIBabylonia on one side and Egypt on MONY OF SCHOLARS.

the other.

We have no prejudice against scholThe Hittites occupy a prominent part arship. Scholars are witnesses, and

in the Bible. In Joshua the country their testimony on any question is of asbetween Lebanon and the Euphrates is much value as "expert"testimony alcalled the Land of the Hittites. Soloways is, provided it is unprejudicedmon imported horses from the king of and based on facts. But as to that the Hittites, and the Syrians, when the jury, in this case the public, must making war upon Israel on one ocbe the judge. Scholarship certainly has casion, feared that they would have

to fight the Hittites, too. And yet an a right to a respectful hearing but it

happens that the authorities quotedeminent scholar, a very few years ago by Bishop Spalding disagree on some denied that they ever existed. Bible

essential points, in their translations.students were necessarily forced to take

In fact, they contradict each other, and issue with such scholars on this questheir testimony is, consequently, of less tion, without having the proofs at their command, until further light came. It value than it would have been otherwise.has now been proved that Thotmes III.,

of Egypt, marched to the banks of the Dr. Sayce maintains that the hieroglyphs are so ignorantly copied thatEuphrates and received tribute from

hardly one of them is correct, but inthe "greater Hittites"to the amount of 3,200 pounds of silver. It is known the pictographs in the third illustration

also that Rameses the Great was unhe recognizes a representation of the

Goddess Maat leading "the pharaoh"successful in his attempt to capture the

Hittite stronghold Kadesh, and that he before Osiris, behind whom stands the came near perishing. Four years later Goddess Isis.

a Hittite princess became the wife Dr. Petrie almost agrees with Dr.

ilof Rameses. Scholarship had a great Sayce. He also regards the third

deal to learn on the Hittites, and who, lustration as a representation of a judgment scene. Figure 1, he says, Isshall say that it has nothing to learn

on the subject treated on in the Book Osiris in the usual form; figure 2 is Isis

of Abraham? behind him; figure 3 is the stand of

offerings with lotus flowers; figure 4

Another illustration: Until this time is the Goddess Nebhat, or Maat; he is

scholarship has confidently maintained not sure which; figure 5 is the dead

that the religion of Palestine came person, and figure 6 is the God Anubis, from Babylonia. Another view has rethe conductor of the souls of the dead.

cently been announced by Albert T. Where Dr. Sayce sees the Goddess

Clay, an authority on cuneiform inMaat (Ma't?) Dr. Petrie is not certain

scriptions. He says "that the Semiticof the name, because of the bad drawBabylonian religion is an importation ing, and where Dr. Sayce recognizes the

from Syria and Palestine (Amurru), spirit of "the pharaoh,"Dr. Petrie sees

that the creation, deluge, antediluvian only a dead person—any dead person.

patriarchs, etc., of Babylonia, came Attention is called to this by the very

from Amurru, instead of the Hebraic wording of Dr. Sayce's translation, for

stories having come from Babylonia, he employs the definite article, indi-

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR.. AS A TRANSLATOR'329

Isis, as the soul ofeating 1 that a well known pharaoh—Dr. Breasted calls

"the pharaoh"—is here portrayed. But the departed Egyptian (Kos). Three

which of them? different theories on one figure! In figDr. Breasted agrees with Dr. Sayce ure 9, which Dr. Breasted ignores, ho

and Dr. Petrie that the figure on the sees a crocodile ready to devour the

throne represents Osiris. But who is dead if he is not properly embalmed,

the figure behind him? Probably Isis, which naturally suggests the question

he says. He is not as positive as the whether the Egyptians believed that

two other authorities. Figure 5, he crocodiles fed on the souls of the dead.

says, is "a man"(not the pharaoh) We cannot within the necessarily rebeing led before Osiris. The figure stricted limits of this article pay attenwhich Dr. Sayce calls Maat. and Dr. tion to every detail of the learned tesPetrie either Nebhat or Maat, Dr. timony submitted, but it would not be

Breasted calls the Goddess Truth, proper to slight the opinion of Dr.

(Ma't), but the figure which Dr. Petrie Frederick Freiherr von Bissing, that

is sure is Anubis, Dr. Breasted leaves the figure which Dr. Petrie calls Anubis

without a name. It is but fair to is merely the "shadow"of the dead

state that the diccrepancies in the exman. Will not Dr. Friedrich Freiherr

planations of this illustration are not von Bissing kindly explain how the material. shadow comes to wear a white apron?

On the first illustration, however, On the second illustration there is the divergence is serious. Dr. practical unanimity. All the scholars

fayce wisely ignores this illustration quoted say it is a disc with magic inentirely, b"t Dr. Petrie offers the folscriptions intended as a protection for

lowing explanations: Figure 1 is the the dead on the other side. But none

hawk of Horus; figure 2 is a dead of them offers an interpretation of the

person; figure 3 is Anubis; figure 4 is inscription. This is all the more rethe usual funeral couch; figures 5, 6, 7, markable because they all agree that

and 8 are the regular jars for embalmthe object is very familiar to Egyptian ing parts of the body; figure 10 are the scholars.

funeral offerings. His view is that A QUESTION OF WORDS. the picture represents an embalming

scene, but he ignores figures 9, 11, and Dr. Sayce ventures the assertion that

12, entirely. Do they not fit into the emthe word "kolob,"used by the Prophet

balming theory? Joseph, is not Egyptian. How does

Dr. Breasted differs with Dr. Petrie. he know? Does he know every word in

He considers that the reclining figure the entire Egyptian literature? It in

represents Osiris rising from the dead, certainly a Semitic word. By referring

although there is no resemblance beto an Arabic dictionary we find that tween the Osiris of this illustration and it is still used in the Arabian language that of the third. The figure which Dr. As a verb it means "to turn,"and. a

Petrie tells us represents the hawk of derivative might very properly be used

Horus, Dr. Breasted says is the Godas a noun to denote the center around

different Isis from whish something turns, as it is used dess Isis—quite a

that in the third illustration. And the in the illustration in the Book of Abrafigure which Dr. Petrie feels sure is ham. The Arabian verb "qalaba"has.

Anubis, Dr. Breasted says is an ofmany derivatives. We find it in the

ficiating priest. Both these interpretaterm "inqilab ashshams"which means

tions cannot be correct. Either Dr. "solstice,"and in "qalb ulaqrab,"which

Petrie or Dr. Breasted, is wrong. is the name for the star Alpha in the

Dr. John Peters also offers a suggesconstellation Scorpio. This is proof

tion, or two, on the proper interpreenough that the word is used in the tation of the first illustration. Semitic group of languages as an

He regards the figure which Dr. astronomical term, whether it is EgypPetrie says is the hawk of Horus, and tian or not, and it is not improbable

330 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that Abraham, a Semite, should so rael,"takes this view and writes it use it. "Jehoah,"a form not essentially difDr. Mercer remarks that the prophferent from that of the Prophet. (Comet's transliteration of the Hebrew pare "Jeh-o-ah,"and "Jahch-eh.")

word for "expanse"is "far from corModern scholarship generally, as Dr.

rect,"but as he neglects to give us Mercer, of course, knows, does not,

'Jehovah,"the transliteration which heconsiders however, write the word correct, we cannot judge >f the excelbut "Yahweh,"and, in view of all lency of his spelling'. We note, howthe facts, it seems to us that

ever, that the art of writing Hebrew the criticism of the learned doctor is, words in English has not yet received both smallsouled and careless.

fixed rules. It is like phonetic spelling. Each writer has his own conTHE EXPLANATIONS GIVEN BY THE PROPHET.ception of it. A common transliteration of the word referred to is "rawWhen scholars tell us that the illuskee'ah,"but whether that is so much trations under consideration are scenes

better than "raukeeang"we leave to from the Book of the Dead, representany Hebrew scholar to say. ing a judgment scene before the throne

In this connection it may bt of interof Osiris, or that they contain instrucest to Dr. Mercer to have his attention tions to the dead relative to another

called to the fact that most of the life, they believe that they have comnames we have from the Hebrew are pletely proved that the Prophet's exvery imperfect representations of the planations are false. But that does

Hebrew letters. In the Hebrew there not follow.

are no such names as "Moses,""Eve,"There is practical unanimity that the "Solomon,""Samson,"Jephthah,"third illustration represents a judg- 'Saul,"etc. The corresponding Hement scene before Osiris, although

brew names are, "Mosheh,""Chavah,"the testimony, as we have seen, differs "Shelomeh,""Shimeshon,""Iepathin some details. But this does not

ach,"and "Shaaul,"as near as we contradict the explanation offered by can write these names in English. the Prophet Joseph. The Egyptians

There are innumerable illustrations of had many festivals and their religion this discrepancy between the Hebrew was rich in mythology. It was cusand the accepted names. We have tomary to give dramatic representathem from the Greek, mostly, and they tions of their legends, in which the

have suffered in the double translitpriests played the part of the gods.

eration. With this fact in mind we can easily

Dr. Mercer also suggests that "Jahunderstand that a judgment scene may

oheh"is a faulty transliteration of here be represented with Abraham, the Hebrew "Jehovah."Here again Pharaoh, and the prince as the main

we must confess disappointment at the actors, and two servants taking inneglect of the learned doctor to tell ferior parts. In such a representathe world how that Hebrew word ought tion Abraham would naturally take

to be transliterated in oraer to give occasion to tell the audience something the correct pronunciation. If he knows, about the structure of the universe.

he knows more than a.ny other living The Prophet, in fact, intimates that

scholar, Jew or Gentile, "Mormon"or this is a judgment scene, for he says non-"Mormon,"and he should not keep that figure 1 is Abraham sitting upon the secret to himself. Anr] since he Pharaoh's throne, with a crown upon

questions the statement that the word his head, representing the Priesthood is Egyptian, he should enlighten the as emblematical of the presidency in world on the origin and meaning of it. heaven; with the sceptre of justice and

But some scholars are of the opinion judgment in his hand. He could state

that the word is akin to the Egyptian no more clearly that the illustration "A-Au,"which they translate, "meis a judgment scene before the divine am."Willis Brewer, in "Egypt and Isthrone. That Pharaoh stands behind

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"331

the throne may be explained on the very figures themselves. The figure on the

ground the Prophet gives—"courtesy"altar cannot represent a corpse, for his

for Pharaoh, being himself a priest as attitude is that of a living being. He

well as king, in this way may have cannot represent the God Osiris, for recognized the higher priesthood held there are none of the usual marks by by Abraham. His part in the tableau which thisdivinity is recognized in

was that of an attendant en the dithe Egyptian pictures. The picture can

vine throne. The entire cast, as exrepresent an attempt to sacrifice Abraplained by the Prophet, it, natural. ham in the land of Ur, and the appearThere is the prince representing the ance of the angel of the Lord, in anexalted personage who leadr the man swer to prayer, to prevent the inhuman

to the throne; a servant representrite. The scholars have failed to offer

ing the man to be judged, and a black any better explanation.

representingslave the god dark is THE BOOK OF THE DEAD. It Anubis. underworld, of the

strange that the scholars who examBut can Abraham have had anything ined this illustration did not discover to do with Egyptian documents found how closely they follow, in their interin a tomb? The scholars tell us that

pretation, the explanation offered by the illustrations are part of the Book the Prophet Joseph. of the Dead, and that, they seem to

On the second illustration there is think, excludes Abraham from further also practical unanimity in regard to consideration.

its character. It is explained to be a What is then the Book of the Dead?

magical disc, a kind of talisman, deIt is a collection of manusscripts signed to protect the dead on the other found with mumies. Some of

side. But the doctors do not give any them are very ancient. They are

interpretation cf it. The Prophet exthought to contain writings of

plains a small part of it, as represent- a magical character, though hymns ing the structure of the universe, anl are also found in the text. A

containing certain "keywords"of the collection of 165 sections, or chapters, holy Priesthood. The rest he leaves were made at one time. All the manuunexplained. Is it wholly improbable scripts discovered are said to be very

that writings intended for the instruccorrupt, and most of them can only be tion of those who have passed ov r translated by tracing them further to the other side should contain repreback. In this respect the manuscripts

sentations of the universe over whicb that fell into the hands of the Prophet

He reigns before whom they were to are not different from others. Accordappear, or that it should have on it ing to this Book the dead are taken

symbolic representations of principles before the judgment seat of Osiris and pertaining to the holy Priebthood? On 42 judges. Their hearts are weighed by

the contrary, that is just what we Anubis and Thout, and according to would expect such a document to conthis test their fate is decided.

tain. Here again scholarship has, Very little is known about this Book

though blindfolded and fumbling, addof the Dead, and nothing whatever or ed confirmation to the work of the its origin. It was the literary growth

Prophet Joseph. of centuries, like our Bible, and unOn the first illustration the scholdoubtedly many authors contributed to

it. It may have begun in oral tradiars, as we have seen, disagree. Some

consider it an embalming scene. Others tion. Choice sentences were at first

tell us that it is a resurrection scene. written down on temple walls, and

We need not waste time over the difother suitable places. Later they were

ferent explanations, but leave the argucopied on papyrus and other material.

ment to the scholars themselves. But There is, therefore, nothing unreasonthis is a fact, that of the explanations able in the supposition that Abraham

given, that of the Prophet Joseph is may have contributed to it, and that uie one which best agrees, with the some part of his literary composition 3?> IMPROVEMENT ERA

should finally find its way to this counmyth and the Egyptian doctrine try, and to Nauvoo. This, we say, is of immortality would be established. On

not unreasonable, and it cannot be sucthis point we quote from "Egypt and cessfully denied. Israel,"by Mr. Willis Brewer:

OSIRIS LEGEND. "But this view might suggest that

I-SeraEl was AsareEl or 'Osiris'

The Osiris legend may be briefly told himself; and the statement that the

bones of Joseph were brought out of here. According to the Egyptians, Osiris Egypt by Bene IsheraEl [the sons of

was the son of the Earth and the Sky, Israel] and buried at Shechem tends to and married to his sister Isis. He support the Osiris opinion, for Joseph

... Besides, came to Egypt, where he found an unis made son of I-SeraEl. Sar means 'prince'both in Egyptian

civilized people whom he raised from and Hebrew, and Osiris had the name barbarism to a state of civilization, by Sar, while the God Raa declares himteaching them to till the ground and to self Sarson-of-a-Sar. And the tablets

worship God. He traveled far and found lately at Tel Amarneh, between Memphis and Thebes, prove that the

wide. Finally he was slain by treachEgyptians were in possession of Palesery. His body was thrown into the tine at the time, or shortly after, the

river Nile and carried out to sea. Isis, Bene I-SeraEl are supposed to have

gone there from MiZera-im (Egypt), after a long search found it and would find of course diffused both their have it interred. But while she was language and religion."

visiting her son Horus, the wicked Set,

The author quoted has some ratherwho had caused the murder, tore it to pieces and scattered it all over the fantastic notions and theories, but on

Earth. Isis now went in search of the etaymoligy he seems to be perfectly

scattered pieces and wherever she sound, and the opinion he advances on found a fragment she buried it, and the the identity of the names Israel and

Osiris deserves attention. spot became sacred ground. Osiris lived

in the world beyond, and became the WHENCE THIS KNOWLEDGE?.

ruler of the dead. The Osiris legend The Book of Abraham must not bebecame the basis of the Egyptian docjudged, however, from the illustratrine of immortality.

tions under consideration alone, but

Le Plongeon sees in this myth an from its marvelous contents. Dr. John

Egyptian version of the Bible story of A. Widtsoe, in his excellent little book,

the murder of Abel by his brother Cain.

"Joseph Smith as Scientist,"pointsIf there is any truth in this conjectcut that the Prophet clearly underure, it would not be a farfetched constood that the stars form groups, or clusion that the Egyptians, probably clusters, which revolve round some had heard the story from Abraham one point or powerful star, and that himself. in this he anticipated the scientific

But we would not be surprised to world many years. He found thislearn some day, on indisputable scigreat truth in the Book of Abraham.

entific evidence, that the historical Can a book which reveals such a truth basis of the legend is the narrow esin advance of science be a fraud?

cape of Abraham from the idolatrous Another point. In the Book of

priests in Ur, and his appearance in Abraham the relations between ChalEgypt as a standard bearer of civildea and Egypt are so intimate that ization and religion. Abraham, like Dr. John Peters says the interpretaOsiris, came from a faroff land, betion of the plates "displays an amusyond the point where the Earth and ing ignorance. Chaldeans and EgypSky meet, and he, too, was married tians are hopelessly mixed together,

to his sister (half sister). If it should be although as dissimilar and remote in

to Jacob and to one branch of language, religion and locality as are the decendants of Abraham, is identoday the American and Chinese."

tical with "Osiris,"the close conBefore the discovery of the Tel elnection of Abraham with the Osiris Amarna tablets this remark might "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"333

have been excusable, but now it is asBabylonia and Egypt, but it is historitounding. At Telel-Amarna a numcal.

ber of letters were found, many of The fact is that even scientists did them dating back 1300 years before hardly realize ihe close relations beour era. And this correspondence tween the great empires of the ancient

was carried on, not in the Egyptian world, until these old documents were hieroglyphics, but in the Babylonian recovered. But the Book of Abraham

cuneiform letters. It would be interindicates these relations. But that is,

esting to have the learned doctor's we are told, "amusing."The Tel elopinion as to whether the Chinese had Amarna letters are still more "amuslearned American, or the American ing,"but we cannot reject them on

Chinese. that account.

At all events, some of these letters Bishop Spalding's effort is not new passed between the courts of Egypt to Latterday Saints who have foland Babylonia. They show that the lowed the history of the Church. His

Egyptian king, AkenAten, had marargument is one that has been heard ried a sister of the Babylonian king, before, without disturbing in the least and that his mother and grandmother the faith that rests on solid foundawere of the Babylonian royal house. tions. It has been fa.'rly and squarely

They also show that a daughter of the met in the past, and will be answered

Egyptian king had been sent to Babyagain, whenever occasion requires, lonia to become the wife of the king with increasing clearness as the rethere. They show that the Egyptian searches continue to reveal further

king asked for a daughter of the data.

Babylonian monarch, for wife, in adThe Latterday Saints court inquiry, dition to the sister, and that his Babysuch as this. They want to know the

lonian majesty diplomatically refused truth, and only the truth. There is no

on the ground that he did not know important issue they are not glad to how his sister liked Egypt, or what face, whether presented by friend or treatment she had received, wherefoe. Their religion has stood every test

upon the Egyptian king asked him to to which it has been submitted, and it send a trusted representative to inwill remain unshaken for ever, because vestigate and report. All this looks it is founded upon the Rock, and i*s

like a "hopeless mixture"between origin is the Source of all Truth.

The Spalding Argument

15Y DR. FREDERICK J. PACK, DESERET PROFESSOR OF GEOLOGY, UNIVERSITY

OF UTAH

[This article appeared in the Dcseret News, Dec. 21, 1912, and is reproduced

in the Era by permission of the author. The Editors.]

An article bearing the title "Joseph what of a surprise to the "Mormon"

Smith, Jr., as a Translator,"written by people. The Latterday Saints are acDr. P. S. Spalding, bishop in Utah of customed to criticism of a malicious

the Episcopal church, has recently reand rancorous sort. Fairness and

ceived a limited circulation among the breadth have rarely characterized the

Latterday Saints. The manifest fairinvestigations of the past. And conseness of the inquiry and the apparently quently the apparent fairness shown by

well founded conclusions came as someDr. Spalding made far into the ranks

334 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Latterday Saints a well prelation, than the Bible. In this, he

parer! path along which the conclusions says, they are not illogical. He has atof his article might readily follow. And, tempted to make it "clear to the reader

so, for a moment, blinded as we were that the correctness of the translation is a most imby the nature of his argument, some of the Book of Mormon may have thought, that the claims of portant question."He then affirms

the Latterday Saints, had been serithat "If the Book of Mormon was not ously shocked. A little distance, how- a correct translation, and yet Joseph

ever, lends perspective to the whole Smith thought that it came to him by matter. But before an examination inspiration and revelation from God,

of the value of the article is made we all thoughtful men cannot be a.sked to

shall endeavor to give a synopsis of his accept other revelations which Joseph argument. Smith, Jr., asserted were also given to

In the opening paragrapn of the artihim by Deity."(The logic of this concle the writer states that "If the Book clusion will receive attention later.)

of Mormon is true, it is, next to the He again asks this question, "Is the

Bible, the most important book in the translation of the Book of Mormon corworld."He then goes on to state that rect?"He makes the statement that

the world's knowledge would be greatly "Joseph Smith's competency as a enriched if the claims of the Book translator of ancient languages can be of Mormon can be proved. (The present ascertained in but one way. The origwriter, however, does not share the inal texts, together with their interopinion of Dr. Spalding that scientific pretations, must be submitted to comtheories would need serious readjustpetent scholars."(There is room for

ment because of it.) He gives difference of opinion here. Let our

credit for fairness on the part of the friend tell us whether he considers

Latterday Saints and mentions the that even the most intelligent human sit innames of a few individuals whom he beings are always competent to regards as especially frank and intellijudgment upon God's work. There are

gent. He deprecates the methods emindividuals who feel that the analysis

ployed by the anti-"Mormon"investigaof Deity's plans cannot always be made tor. He quotes extensively from "Morby the use of acid, fire and the microscope. friend Spalding, your logic My for the evidently publications,mon"into difficulties.) lead you in may his readers of instructing purpose

of the unavailability of the the nature of certain church records He speaks and the esteem in which they are held original Book of Mormon records, and by the Laterday Saints. concludes by stating, "Our purpose will

He then turns to what appears to be served equally well if the other be the objective point of his argument, translations of the Prophet referred to "Was the translation of the Book of can be examined, and fortunately one

Mormon correct?"He presents the of these translations, together with the

original manuscript, is available."He testimony of Professor Anthon of New

York as received from Martin Harris presents evidence relating to the nature and published in the Pearl of Great and origin of the Book of Abraham,

Price. He gives the testimony of the and for this purpose quotes extensively

Three Witnesses and also of the Eight from the Church records. He then conWitnesses. He gives Joseph Smith cludes by stating, "It is now clear that

credit for being logical in presenting in the translation of the, Egyptian the testimony of these witnesses inhieroglyphics, known as the Book of stead of carrying the original records Abraham, we have just the test we to learned men because of their inabilneed of Joseph Smith's accuracy as a ity at that time to decipher the Egyptranslator. The original text and the

tian hieroglyphics. He quotes from Prophet's translation are available for

the Articles of Faith in which it is imour investigation."

plied that the Latterday Saints place Dr. Spalding here very astutely exthe Book of Mormon upon a highpands his argument to include the

er plane, from the standpoint of transwhole Book of Abraham. His stite-

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"335

merit that "The original text with the lief"must be repudiated. To Dr.

Prophet's translation are now available Spalding the testimony of the scienfor our investigation,"is a very mistists is complete, and in consequence leading one. In the first place, we do "Mormonism"must fall.

not have the original text, at most Now, I am quite sure that Dr. Spaldonly three small fragments of it, ing will concede to the Latterday

in fact only the facsimiles of these Saints a time for inquiry equal to that fragments. In the second place these consumed by his investigation. Fairfragments cannot be considered as ness would demand this. He has

forming part of the text of the Book evidently written for opinions to a of Abraham. large number of scholar?, and as a

He finally concludes that "If, in the result has published eight statements, judgment of competent scholars, this some of which disagree with respect translation is correct, then the probato details. Without intentionally

bilities are all in favor of the Book of questioning the gentleman's integrity,

Mormon. If, however, the transit might be asked as to whether any

lation of the Book of Abrahom disharmonious statements may have is incorrect, then no thoughtful man been received and not published. The

can be asked to accept the Book of Latterday Saints have been forced to

Mormon, but, on the other hand, honbe skeptical because of the unfair esty will require him, with whatever methods employed in most of the sopersonal regret, to repudiate it called investigations of the. past. But

and the whole body of belief, which at any rate the Latterday Saints has been built upon it and upon the themselves would like the privilege of reputation its publication gave to its obtaining the opinions of eminent author."scholars. But before conceding that

He next present? from the Book cf the characters are not coirectly trans-

.Abraham the facsimiles and theirlated they should like to see the Egyptranslation. Appended Ic the article tologists much more united than they

are the statements of eight eminent are at present.

Egyptologists. These authorities are They insist that it be constantly

almost a unit in declaring that the kept in mind that the conditions athieroglyphics reproduced in the Book tending the translation of the Book of Abraham were not correctly transrf Abraham were far different from lated by Joseph Smith, and that the those attending the translation of the facsimiles themselves are very poor Book of Mormon. Joseph Smith had

copies of the original records. They these Egyptian records in his possesdisagree somewhat in their descrip- s"nn for many years, and throughout

tions of details, but in the main their tat period he undoubtedly spent much testimonies at first appear to present time in STUDYING them. Following

a rather formidable argument. efforts to work out an Egyptian alphaThe. reverend gentleman's argument, het, he announced to his associates

in a word, is this: "Was the translathat he had been able to decipher

tion of the Book of Mormon correct? prrne of the characters. It is evident

This can be answered only by submitthat the translation came to him very ting the original records to scientific largely as the result of persistent men. Ir this case the records are study, conditions far different from

not available. Joseph Smith claimed those attending the translation of the

to have translated the Book of AbraBook of Mormon. It is very imporham. Three facsimiles of this record tant that we ascertain the extent

are available. If scientists declare to which Joseph Smith himself claimthat Joseph Smith incorrectly transed divine inspiration in the translation

lated these characters, no; only the of the Book of Abraham.

Book of Abraham, but also the Book In a word, the Latterday Saints of Mormon and the "whole body of beinsist that a thorough and compre336 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hensive investigation of the claims of of the various students is based. The

"Mormonism"be conducted, in which results are interesting. Three out of a

every possible obstacle will be reclass of twentyfour have failed, and moved. It is not the purpose of this of the remainder four are graded "a",

paper, however, to undertake this inten are graded "b,"four are graded quiry or to analyze the testimonies "c,"and three are graded "d,"Not a single student, in the judgment ofof the eminent scholars—that would

require much time and study. The the examiner, gave complete answers

article will be examined from quite to all of the questions. Even those

another point of view. who were positive in the belief that

In order to clear the field of any posthey had met all of the requirements sible objections, the reader is asked to were found to have failed, in some imagine that a most comprehensive things. Some students were deficient

and exhaustive inpuiry has already been in one thing and some in another completed. Suppose that not only no two were alike. Some did well in

eight but that scores of scholars the early part of the test and weakenwere united to a word in discredited later, while others began poorly ing the claims of Joseph Smith as a and braced later, and still others were translator of these Egyptian characmore or less flighty and erratic ters. Suppose that the scholars had throughout.

become fully acquainted with the An examiner, in order to be just,

Egyptian language and could read the must read each question and give due hieroglyphics with ease. Suppose that credit for every detail. His opinion as

they had even found the identical to the student's grade must not be manuscript employed by Joseph Smith. formed until the ten answers have

Suppose that it had been established been examined and the summaries to the entire satisfaction of all parties made. If the first answer be found

concerned that the characters were perfect the examiner is not by this incorrectly translated. What then? justified in so marking the remaining

The analysis of Dr. Spalding's artinine, and if the first answer be found

cle was at this point interrupted by wrong the examiner proves himself other demands upon the present unworthy of his position, if, at this writer's time. Criticism of a large stage, he pronounces the verdict of

packet of examination papers has just failure.

been completed. In order that no inAnd so if our examiner be fair and

justice be done, each answer has been unbiased he will read carefully every carefully read and reread, and as a paragraph, every sentence and every result, in the judgment of the examinline, and his conclusion will be based er, proper credit has been allowed. The upon the evidence submitted. This

test, of which these papers are the custom follows the individual from the result, consisted of ten questions, each school room into the field of life. He

more or less independent, but all peris rated by those who know him taining to the same general subject. according to what.he is and the.things

At the close of the test period the he can do. In order to be adjudged

students left the room affirming that great his successes must overshadow the questions were proper ones, and his failures. But sorry would be his

that the information for which they condition in life if a single failure on called had been fully considered in his part would cause the repudiation class discussions. Several of the stuof every one of his successes.

is termed thedents were emphatic in the statement And yet. under what

of their beliefs that in every detail spirit of fairness, this is what Dr.

they had correctly answered the quesSpaulding asks of the Latterday tions. Saints with respect to Joseph Smith.

And now the papers have been "corIt will be remembered that, for sake rected,"and record has been made of of argument, we have conceded to Dr.

the evidence upon which the standing Spalding that his inquiry has con- "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"337

clusively shown that the facsimilies out an exception, as a failure, and reproduced in the Pearl of Great Price not worthy of the least consideration were grossly misunderstood and misbecause once wrong always wrong.

translated by Joseph Smith. In fact we Nay, it would require him to repudiate

have imagined that the inquiry was so the work of his own hands and to cast perfect that no question could be all into outer darkness. The reader will

raised concerning the conclusion that undoubtedly turn with considerable reJoseph Smith had incorrectly translief from the consideration of a X'olicy lated the Egyptian characters. With so completely lacking in the first elthis condition very far from being esements of justice.

tablished Dr. Spalding states that "no It would be interesting to apply Dr.

thoughtful man can be asked to accept Spalding's method of reasoning to the Book of Mormon, but on the othe* the results of an inquiry in hand, honesty will require him, with which it had been shown that Joseph whatever personal regret, to repudiate Smith was right. Let us suppose

it and the whole body of belief, which the case of a prophecy. The prehas been built upon it and upon the diction with all of its essential details

reputation its publication gave to its had been made many years before the author."occurrence of any of the events inThe reasoning employed bv Dr. Snaldvolved. The prophecy had been placed

ing would require every Christian deon record and the attention of the nomination to repudiate the translators world called to it. It was of such a of the Bible, and consequents the Binature that an individual possessing ble itself. It seems now to be pretty even the keenest foresight could not

well agreed that errors, at tims mire have made it, unless he was inspired.or less grave, were occasionally made

Its fulfilment of lack of fulfilment during the work'of translation. The would constitute a test of the prophet's

translators were scholars and probably claims.

relied largely upon their lingLet it further be supposed that asuistic attainments. But because

years pass the events enumeratedthey here and there made misin the prediction actually occur andtakes shall we deny that they posin the manner detailed in the prophecy.

sessed any knowledge of ancient The events do not appear in a speclanguages? Let the reader say as to

tacular fashion, but rather as the rewhether, because of this imperfection, sult of the operation and development we shall be justified in casting out the

Bible and the "whole body of belief of things temporal. The events are well known and of sufficient imporwhich has been built upon it."And tance to be recorded in important shall we brand all those who will not places in history. Then let it be suprepudiate it as ignorant and dishonposed that the followers of the prophet

est? call the attention of the world to the

The jury in the box, following the method advanced by Dr. Spalding, prediction and its fulfilment. In a word, suppose that they supply amplewould convict one accused of murder proof for every claim made. if it could be shown that he had been And now our question, "What shallguilty of theft—because once guilty always guilty. The method would call be the duty of the world with respect

upon the friends of the accused to beto this matter?"The reasoning adopted by Dr. Spalding would demand thatlieve in his guilt and to repudiate

whatever good he had done. Those who "no thoughtful person can be asked to

would not join in this denunciation deny any prophecy made by this Inwould be classed among the ignorant dividual, but, on the otner hand, honand dishonest. esty will require him, with whatever

This method would require the Great personal regret, to accept his propheJudge whom we all expect some day to cies and the whole body of belief which meet, to brand every human being withhas been built upon them and upon 338 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the reputation their publication gave to most as a unit decide that hereafter their author."* It may be & alcohol must not be used in the treatquestion in the minds of some whether ment of disease, except occasionDr. Spaldinwould be willing to perally for external use. Suppose that

mit his rule to operate both ways. Percriminoligists recognize it as one of

haps some day he will inform us. the chief causes of crime. Suppose that

Tt might be interesting to make furleaders in commercial activity avoid ther suppositions with respect to this the employment of habitual users.

man Joseph Smith. Let us suppose Suppose that life insurance companies

that as far back as 1833 he claimed 1o report an increased death rate of 2 5 have received through revelation what per cent among nonabstiners.

is termed a Word of Wisdom. SupSuppose further that a few years

pose that this Word of Wisdom counafter the publication of The Word of selled against the use of alcoholic Wisdom scientists contemporaneously liquors, tobacco and hot drinks (interdiscover a poisonous alkaloid prespreted to mean caffeinbearing beverent in these socalled hot drinks. Sup

ages), and against the use of meat, pose that it becomes known that an other than in "sparing"quantities, and astringent substance is also present.

that only in times of cold or excessive Suppose that scientists declare that hunger. Suppose that this Word of these hot drinks give rise to numerous

Wisdom gave promise to all who comailments including constipation and plied with its teachings, and the other kidney trouble. Suppose that the

commandments, the blessings of chief chemist in the employ of the stronger minds and healthier bodies, all United States, in an article written for of which would be accompanied by a a trade journal, state that if these marked reduction in the death rate. beverages are not used in greater

Suppose that this Word of Wisdom was moderation the time will soon come given to the Church and published long when the people of the nation will rise before any serious scientific work had up and legislate against them.

And again let it be supposed that been done along the lines suggested.

And further suppose that now for 80 the niootine present in tobacco is years the members of the Church have recognized as a deadly poison and fairly well complied with its teachings. powerful depressant. Suppose that the

And then again let it be supposed use of tobacco is recognized by scithat now some years after the entists as responsible for the presence appearance of the Word of Wisof a multitude of physiological disdom, temperance organizations beorders. Suppose that coaches abgin to increase throughout the solutely prohibit its use among

land having for their purpose athletes. Suppose that its use by stuabstinence from.alcoholic bevdents is invarialy associated with low

erages. Suppose that civic organscholarship. Suppose that among

izations and betterment leagues seriathletes of the most perfect type ously discussed the matter. Suppose its use is associated with loss in lung

that the problem becomes so vital capacity of practically 10 per cent. Supthat the various states and pose that judges in juvenile courts

everywhere recognize it as the chief cities throughout the United States find it necessary to enact more and cause of juvenile delinquency. And finally let it be supposed thatmore stringent laws pertaining to many years after the publication ofthe pale and use of these alcoholic

ofliquors. Suppose that several of the the Word of Wisdom the science

states enact absolutely prohibitory dietetics is recognized. Suppose that

laws. Suppose that medical men alinterest centers around the food requirements of the body. Suppose that

(* Slightly paraphrased by the present scientists discover that in the large inwriter.) testine proteids undergo pronounced

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"339

purification. Suppose that it is recto be finally adjudged upon the outognized that autointoxication may recome of only one point. It asks, it desult from intestinal putrifaction. mands, a complete investigation.

Suppose that scientists insist that Anything short of this would result the proteids contained in meat givs unfairly. To illustrate. Suppose that

rise to this autointoxication. Suppose the first inquiry result in proving that

that it is quite generally agreed among Joseph Smith was, in that instance, scientists that the American people wrong. Or suppose that chance deare eating altogether too much meat. signed that in the first instance he was

Suppose that it is shown that the infound to be right. These facts prove

gestion of large quantities of meat is two things only; in the first instance

responsible for numerous ailments. he was wrong, and in the second inSuppose that it is declared by authorstance he was right, nothing more.

ities that meat is more obnoxious in They prove absolutely nothing with warm weather than in cold. Suppose respect to other of his operations. It

that is shown in the experience of is true, however, that if he be found the United States army that the death wrong in instance after instance, inrate among soldiers is very greatly ferential evidence would lead one increased through eating much meat to believe that he was wrong in warm weather. Suppose that it is in the majority of cases. (This

announced by the acknowledged greatrule will work both ways). But in order

est bacteriologist in the world that to prove that he was entirely wrong purification in the intestines is largeand that the "whole body of belief"ly responsible for old age and that should be repudiated, every case must through the elimination of this inbe examined upon its own merits.

testinal purification old age may very In the opinion of the writer, the Latmaterially be deferred. terday Saints should not, and for that

In a word let it be assumed that matter do not, maintain that Joseph scientists have completely vindicated Smith was infallible. He was human

the claims of the Word of Wisdom. and possessed human weaknesses and

What then will be the duty of the human faults. Being such, he was unworld with respect to Joseph Smith? doubtedly here and there mistaken. His

The method employed by Dr. Spaldfollowers claim, however, that his

ing would require that mankind not weaknesses were few and his virtues only accept the Word of Wisdom but many. According to Christian belief,

everything else which Joseph Smith the Son of God was the only perfect claimed to have received through revman to grace the earth by his presence.

elation. And, furthermore, those who If then, because of his weaknesses, we

did not join in this general acceptance dismiss Joseph Smith, the prophets of would, by him, be classed among the ancient times must likewise go.

thoughtless and dishonest. Shall it be argmd that because a

With this singular reasoning adopted man receives divine help at one time by our reverend friend the Latterday that he is always inspired? or the

Saints are forced to disagree. They converse, that because he may at one

have nothing inground into their natime have been led by Satanic intures more deeply than the statement fluences that he is always evil? If so,

of the Apostle Paul, "Prove all things; the virtues of Christianity are at an

hold fast that which is good,""Morend. Does it follow that because a

monism"does rot feel that in justice man thinks that he is right at one time, it can ask the world to accept all of and so proclaims himself, but is later its claims because a single point has shown to be wrong, that he is invariateen demonstrated. Some individuals bly wrong? We do not judge temrequire more evidence than others. AH poral things In that manner. No Christhat "Mormonism"can ask is an untian ever lived who was guided in every

biased investigation. It does not want act of his life by divine effulgence. And

340 IMPROVEMENT ERA

occasionally he was wrong when he And so we ask the question, "What thought that he was right. has Dr. Spalding's inquiry shown?"

If through future investigation, thereThe incompleteness of the inquiry was fore, it can be shown that Joseph Smith pointed out early in this paper, but if was absolutely wrong in his translathe argument be accepted as complete tion of the characters reproduced in and final, what then does it show? It

the Pearl of Great Price, shall we say gives an illustration of ONE case in that his other works of translation are which Joseph Smith was wrong. It

wholly wrong? Or shall we be justified shows that he was not infallible, a

in going so far as to state that the recondition long held by the Latterday maining part of the Book of Abraham Saints. He was mortal and his followis wrong? In the judgment of the writers knew it. They asserted, however,

er, reason scoffs at the intimation of an that his strength very greatly predomaffirmative reply. inated over his weaknesses. If this

The best men the world has ever case proves to be one in which Joseph known have here and there made misSmith was mistaken the Latterday takes. There have been no exceptions. Saints want to know it, and furtherScientists, philosophers and religionists more they will assist in investigating

alike have all erred. Would it not be it. They have not thought of this parsuicidal to repudiate the work of manticular instance as being a mistake,

kind because of these occasional misbut if final investigation so proves it, takes? Yet the method of sweeping they can accept the conclusion without

denunciation advanced by Dr. Spaldin any way disturbing their confidence

ing would require that it be done, and in the multitude of cases in which they that all who would refuse to follow in know that he was right. They have apthis senseless slaughter would be pealed to the world to investigate the

branded as ignorant and dishonest. claims of their religion, and stand

From the writer's point of view it Is ready to accept the results. But, mark

not only probable but possible that the you, these results must not be based world's greatest prophets have now and upon the kind of reasoning employed again made mistakes. Prophets are by Dr. Spalding.

human beings whose minds are illumThe inquiry ends, therefore, with the inated by divine intelligence, the - decase in hand. It cannot be considered

gree of illumination varying with the as applying to the text of the responsiveness of the human spirit. Book of Abraham, to say nothSome prophets have approached perfecing of the Book of Moses also contion much closer than others, but absotained in the Pearl of Great Price. The

lute perfection for a lite time is never absurdity of making sweeping conclurealized in the flesh. sions has already been pointed out. The

And so it should not only be conhope of testing the translation of the ceded but urged that Joseph Smith may Book of Mormon by this particular inhave made mistakes. (Whether mis* quiry has led Dr. Spalding far afield.

takes were made in the translation of It would be a very grep. t source of

the Egyptian characters as reproduced pleasure to the Latter day Saints if in the Pearl of Great Price is not unthe world would appoint a committee der discussion here.) Any other atticonsisting of wisa and honest men

tude would argue for his infallibility, a whose duty would be prayerfully and condition which the present writer does impartially to investigate the claims not accept, either for Joseph Smith or of "Mormonism."The committee

for the prophets of old. If the works of could pass on each claim independentJoseph Smith were being investigated ly, until the list was exhausted. Then

with fairness equal to that employed summaries could be made and the verby the examiner in the college, or the dict rendered. The Latterday Sainfs,

jury in the court, he would not be I am convinced, would be more than adjudged a failure or convicted because willing to submit their religion to a single error might have been found. such a test. They would not, how-

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"341

ever, be willing to have It. declared the author stated that if it could be

wholly wrong because of a very small shown that Napoleon had made a misnumber of errors. (Exists there a take in one battle all other claims rereligious body who would?) No just lating to his generalship would thereand impartial judge would require it by be destroyed. To the pamphlet

of them. They themselvjs do not were appended the statements of a

look upon it as being faultless. It has number of competent officers to the

cr me from God through human hands. effect that Napoleon had made a misThey claim that it came as a revelatake at Waterloo. The author then

tion of God to man, and that here called upon all men to repudiate Naand there within it there are probably poleon not only at "Waterloo but elsethe finger prints of mortality. If man, where, and Anally branded all who

the medium through which it came, would not do so as ignorant and dishad been perfect, the religion would honest.

have been perfect. The Latterday Reader, what would be the nature

Saints do claim, however, that "Morof the reception of this pamphlet?

monism"is the most nearly perfect'Would the reasoning of its author religion upon the face of the earth, convince mankind that Napoleon was far from excepting that espoused by not a general in any sense of the term the writer of the pamphlet under quesand should be repudiated, or would the tion. author of the pamphlet be regarded

The reader is now asked to imagine with some degree of pity and quickly the publication of a pamphlet bearing forgotten?

the title "Napoleon Bonaparte, as a (Note: The present writer is by no

General; an Inquiry."The first pages means convinced that Joseph Smith

told of the sincerity of the general and incorrectly translated the Book of the devotion of his followers. It also Abraham. An article dealing with

spoke of their fairness and integrity. this phase of the subject will follow

And near the close of the argument later.)

Scholars Disagree.

BY JUNIUS F. WELLS

[On December 19 the following a ppeared in the Deseret News, which the author has permitted the Era to reprin t. The Editors.]

Editor Deseret News: tigators in the field of archaeological

Dear Sir—I read with deep interest research, and who took a keen

the editorial review in Tuesday's paper interest in the matter, I had the of Bishop Spalding's treatise upon the Pearl of Great Price, containing cuts of the original drawings of the these cuts and Joseph Smith, the

Book of Abraham and was particularly Prophet's interpretation of t hem pleased with your wise and clever comsent first to Sir Flinders Petrie, who, ments upon the discrepancies and difhowever, being away from London, ferences of the world's eminent savants could not then be reached, and secondin their respective interpretations of ly to Dr. Henry Woodward, F.R.S.,

the Egyptian hieroglyphics and hypowho, after examining it himself, passed cephali that have been so variously it on to the very celebrated Dr. E. A.

and learnedly deciphered by them. W. Budge, head of the Department of

It reminded me of an inquiry I had Egyptian and Assyrian Antiquities of the opportunity of instituting while in the British Museum for many years;

London in 1903. Through the favor of the author of a voluminous History of

Hon. James W. Barclay, M.P., a publiEgypt; of the Dictionary of the Book

cist of considerable note and friend of the Dead, and of numerous works of many of England's foremost invesupon the language, religion, poetry and 342 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mysticism of ancient Egypt and Asdeceased person. It is a falsified copy.

syria. I also, having cards of introThe letter press is as idiotic as the pictures, and it is clearly based on

duction, presented the Pearl of Great the Bible and some of the Old Test.

Price personally at the museum to Apocryphal histories.

Dr. Lloyd, keeper of Assyrian antiqui- I return the book and the letters

herewith. ties. He, however, merely glanced at I am.

the engravings and, observing that the Yours very truly, characters were Egyptian, told me to E. A. W. BUDGE.

S.take it in to Dr. Budge. As the latter Dr. Henry Woodward, F. R.

was not in his office, I was not able* to I forwarded all the correspondence have the pleasure of a personal interto President P. M. Lyman, then at

view. Liverpool, for his perusal and comThe purpose of this inquiry was to ment, and take pleasure in quoting

secure the opinion of those learned in from his reply:

ancient Egyptian writings of the genu42 Islington, Liverpool, ineness and meaning of these cuts. In October 16. 1903.

response I received letters written by I fully endorse your estimate of the

Drs. Woodward and Budge. Mr. Barfindings of Doctors Budge and Woodthat observes Mr. Barclay I hopeclay's comment after reading them and ward, to adverse are as Doctors the learned

handing them to me was that there apeach other as they are to the Prophet.

peared to be room enough in the differThey concede that the characters are ence of their interpretations to admit copies of genuine originals even if they are poorly executed. They can be readJoseph Smith's to at least an equal by them. This in favor of the candor

footing with them. of the Prophet. Now we have three

These letters are as follows: readings and two must stand condemned for rendering a corpse with

12 9 Beaufort St., eyes open and limbs raised up.

Chelsea, S. W. Of the three readings there can be

October 10, 19 03. only one correct. The learned readings

My dear Mr. Barclay: must be wrong, and the Prophet's may

Papyri and the literature thereof be right. It has this merit, it is reaare all at Bloomsbury, so I have sent sonable, which cannot be said of the

your request on to my friend, Dr. Ernest others. It is most fortunate that you

A. T. W. Budge, keeper of Egptian, o+ained the two readings.

and Assyrian antiquities, to reply to Preserve the documents and let them and I hope he will do so. Savigny wrote -o home and they will be profitable to

the account of the first Napoleon's us.

Egyptian campaign and in it are papyri (drawn) before the year 1870. At Prpsidfnt Lyman's request Elder

I think all Smith's drawings are very Joseph J. Cannon. his assistant in the

bad copies of early genuine papyri enin gravings which he must have seen Liverpool office, also wrote me somewhere. His interpretations are of part as follows:

course all rubbish! Abraham being

sacrificed by Elkanah is an embalmer. Liverpool, Eng.,

knife in hand, preparing to disembowel Oct. 16. 1903.

a dead body to embalm it! and the President Lyman suggested my

gods are a row of mummvpots. writing you regarding the letters from Budge. and Woodward HENRY WOODWARD. Doctors struck by their very much We were

Department of Egyptian and Assyrian unity in declaring the Prophet's inAntiquities, terpretation bosh, rubbish, and the exBritish Museum tremely wide difference between their

London W. C. own interpretations.

from the Book of The Dead in which a Head body to embalm it!"

Anubis stands by the side of the deDr. Budge savs: "No. 1 is an imitaceased on his bier. The interpretation of the scene from the Book of the

is tion bosh. the bv stands Anubis in which Dead "2 is his bier No. from one of the hvpocephali. side the of on deceased

I should say copied from the late Dr. Anubis was the deity, according to

Birch's papers. The interpretation is EervDtian mvthology. that escorted the

likewise bosh. spirits of the departed to their abidNo. 3 is adoration of Osiris by some ing place. With this divergence of

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"343

opinion among the learned, we think it equal to those Bishop Spalding quotes, not unreasonable to accept the Proantedates the latter's inquiry by tenphet's views. As you remarked, the

reclining figure looks anything but like or a dozen years, it at least serves to a corpse. show that we have not been lax, nor

Dr. W. writes "the gods are a row of afraid to learn from whatever light the

- of the world might throw uponmummypots!"That may be, but the wisdom

sacred mummypots would themselves be objects of adoration, and the top, the illustrations of the Book of Abraat least, is formed into characteristic ham and their translation by the shapes. Their difference of form indiProphet Joseph.

cates that they represent something. Believing the above might prove of Dr. Budge thinks that No. 2 is from

the late Dr. Birch's papers. I could interest to your readers and that it

find none of Dr. Birch's early writings should find the permanence of publiin the public library here. I found a cation, I take pleasure in submitting it

list of them, however, and they might be examined at the British Museum. for your use and comment.

Bespectfully, As this inquiry with its responses JUNIUS F. WELLS,

from Egyptologists of eminence quite Salt Lake City, 19th December, 1912.

Bishop Spalding's Jumps in the Logical Process

BY JOHN HENRY EVANS, OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS'UNIVERSITY

"In almost every act of our perfrom the fact? That the Book of

ceiving faculties,"says John Stuart Abraham as a whole was not transMill, "observation and inference are lated correctly! Is this leap in theintimately blended. What we are said

to observe is usually a compound relogical process warranted?

sult of which onetenth may be obFor the benefit of those who are servation and the remaining nineafraid of the scholars, let me say that tenths inference."this leap is not made 'by the eight

If we substitute the word "fact"for learned men. They tell us only that

the word "observation"in this pasthe figures submitted to them were sage, we shall have a most accurate not translated correctly. Before they

description of the logical process inwould be warranted in saying that the volved in the pamphlet on "Joseph entire Book of Abraham was not

Smith. Jr., As A Translator,"by Bishproperly translated, they would have

op F. S. Spalding, of the Utah Episcopal to examine the original papyrus, or a

it, from which the Book ofchurch. Fact and inference are here copy of

so "intimately blended"that special Abraham was translated. The inferattention to this phase of the quesence therefore is wholly the bishop's,

tion is needed before one can appreso that we are not here -bucking the ciate the numerous errors in the reascholarship of the special scholar but soning process. And so I shall unrather the logic of the logician; and

dertake in this brief article to point nobody has a corner on reasoning.

out where links are missing in the Now, as a matter of fact, the hierobishop's chain of reasoning. glyphics submitted to the scholars con-

c nese- nth of the Bishop Spalding submits to eight stitute less than

Egyptologists tv e three facsimiles in Book of Abraham and that only an the Book of Abraham with explaaccompaniment of the text. The quesnations by the Prophet Joseph tion therefore, becomes, "Is any one

Smith, for the purpose of getting justified in drawing a conclusion retcir opinions as to whether they were specting an entire manuscript from a translated correctly. The scholars statement which was made with reanswer substantially that they were spect only to a very small part of that

not correctly translated. That is the manuscript?"

fact. What is the inference drawn The scholars are practically agreed

344 MPROVEMENT ERA

that the hieroglyphics are badly coptranslating the two books lies in the ied. If so, and there is ample directness of the inspiration, in the

room for 'loubt of that, may case of the Book of Mormon, as comnot some part of the learned pared with the Book of Abraham. In

men's observations concerning them the translation of the Nephite record point to the conclusion that the the Prophet used the Urim and Thummim; in the case of the Abrahamic translator was a poor copyist rather than a poor translator? This apmanuscript there is no mention of

pears to be the more probable from any direct means in the translation.

the fact of differences in the interpreThen again. Joseph expressly says thai

tation of the scholars. And then, too, he studied the writings of the ancient

may it not be possible that these parPatriarch for the purpose of conticular hieroglyphics present peculiar structing a grammar of the language.

difficulties? For every one knows, who Moreover, he was at work on the

has done any work in translation, that papyrus intermittently from February, not all parts of a given literary pro1835, to the same month in the year years. Doduction are of the same ease in the 1842—a period of seven

translation. And the uninitiated in not these facts, which the bishop adthe lore of the ancientEgyptians mits inferentially, point to the greater

would naturally imagine that the unuse of the Prophet's own resources in evenness would be still greater in the translation of the Book of Abrahieroglyphic writing. ham than was the case in the translation of the Book of Mormon? And is I do not wish to claim too much for

my point. I do not say definitely not this difference sufficient to invalidate the reasoningof Bishop Spaldand positively that this is so. But I

ing? do insist that the doubt thus thrown on the bishop's inference makes it In saying this, I am not denying the inspiration in the translation of theimpossible for him reasonably to build

Book of Abraham. I am merelyso high a superstructure as he does emphasizing a distinction, well knownon so frail a foundation. The inference is clearly unwarranted. to the bishop as a theological student;

namely, that between direct revelaII. tion and inspiration. But the fact

In the next place, the bishop dethat there was an essential difference clares that, since the translation of between the translation of this record and the Book of Mormon destroys thethe Book of Abraham was incorrect, force of the 'bishop's reasoning thatand since also the inspiration in the Nephite volume was incorrectly the translation of the Book of Mormon, translated 'because the Book of Abraand that of the Book of Abraham were ham contains errors in the translathe same, therefore the Book or Mortion.

mon, too, was incorrectly translated. III.

This is a longer jump in the logical A third false inference lies in the process than the one I have just transition from the thought, "Joseph pointed out. And here again I ask, Smith was not an inspired translator,"

"Is the inference warranted?"to the thought, "Therefore the LatterThe inference here turns on the day Saints to be consistent are required

point, Was there a sufficient differto 'repudiate'not only the Book of ence between the translation of the Mormon but also the whole body of

Book of Mormon and the translation belief, which has been built upon it."

of the Book of Abraham to weaken There are two points here that deor destroy the reasonableness of this serve consideration.

inference? If it can be shown that The first is the bishop's queer blunthere is a single difference in an esder that the whole body of the "Morsential particular, then the inference mon"belief is built upon the Book of

falls to the ground. Mormon. For this is the only mean-

A vital difference in the mode of ing I can give to the phrase. As a

. "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"345

matter of fact, the Book of Mormon properly ask about them are, are they bears no more basic a relation to the true? are they consistent with one

work known as "Mormonism"than another? do they produce good rethe other visions and revelations sults in the lives of those who accept

given in this dispensation. The them? Here, for instance, is the idea

body of belief of the Latterday- of honesty. You have applied it in

Saints, in addition to the Book your life, and have felt its uplifting of Mormon, is built upon (1) effects. Suppose, now. it could be

first gotthe vision f the Father and the shown that the man who

Son to the prophet, (2) the appearing the idea was selfdeceived. Would you

to him of John the Baptist, (3) the therefore have to repudiate the idea?

visitation of Peter and James and And yet according to Bishop SpaldJohn, (4) the revelations in the ing's reasoning the results of this

Doctrine and Covenants, and (6) principle, in your life, would count the oral and written teachings for nothing as compared with the of the prophet during the years questions where did you get honesty?

how did you come by it?of his personal ministry. If the Nephite record had not been revealed The same test should be applied

at all, in this dispensation, it is doubtto the whole body of "Mormon"beful whether the body of "Mormon"lief before we are asked to repudiate belief would in any essential. particuit on the grounds proposed by the

lar be different from what it is. I bishop. The Church has now been in

do not say this in disparagement of existence long enough to have borne the Book of Mormon, nor in a spirit fruit. Is this fruit good or not? I

of criticism of the way in which our can only indicate the line of thought dispensation was ushered in, for there to be followed in the casting up of appear what to me are sufficient rearesults. There is, for example, the

sons for the coming forth of the Book material prosperity ''Mormonism"has of Mormon at the time of its appearcreated in the body of its adherents.

ing; but I call attention to the fact The substantial qualities of industry,

as showinghow little the whole body thrift, strength, fortitude, courage, of belief of the Latterday Saints realhave been enforced and reinforced by ly depends on the revelation of the the Church. The history of civilizaNephite record. It would be Impostion proves these to have brought,

sible to point out any writing In the everywhere good fruit, and any one

Church literature that is so simple and who is acquainted with the "Mormon"clear on the principles of the gospel, people knows that these virtues are and the "Mormon"elders find in it a both taught and practiced by the great storehouse of lucid exposition; Latterday Saints. A Gentile banker

still it is far from being the structural in Salt Lake City declared not long foundation of our body of belief that ago that he preferred to hire boys the bishop's words require. from "Mormon"homes because of

The second point is this: Suppose the practical teachings they have reis the greatthat the whole body of belief of the ceived there. Then there

Latterday Saints were built upon the organization known as the "Mormon"

Book of Mormon, would it therefore Church, conceded to be one of the follow that this body of belief ought most remarkable in the world. Tested by

to be repudiated on the hypothesis efficiency in doing its work, it does that the Nephite record was not transnot stand in any pressing need of islated correctly? Is this inference log- "readjustment."And finally there

ically drawn? the large and consistent body of docOnce a man gets an idea, or a systrine of the Church, with its splentem of ideas, it does not matter, so did outlook on life. Will the bishop

far as philosophical or practical purtell us precisely in what respect and it is necessaryposes are concerned, where or how he how much of all this for us to "repudiate"or "readjust?"got them. The only questions we may

346 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Judged by results, it seems to be a burden the innocent and diverse tesvery satisfactory body of belief, intimony of those eight scholars is made deed! to carry! Overlooking all the evidenWhat then is the sum of the whole tial facts in favor not only of the

matter? This: We are asked to "redi.inity of the Book of Mormon but

adjust"the body of our belief because also of the divine mission of the

Joseph Smith its early founder Prophet Joseph Smith, the bishop has was not an inspired translator; wao gone on complacently piling inferwas not an inspired translator of the ence on inference till he has a supernook of Mormon, because he d.d not structure of argument that on first

translate correctly the Eook of Abraglance is really disconcerting. But

ham; and the reason why we know l.ever was a conclusion more tortuoushe did not translate the Book of ly reached. Never was man asked to

Abraham correctly is that learned men'give up a belief that satisfied him, bay he did not translate correctly a un slighter grounds.

very small part of that beck: Here No intelligent Latterday Saint will

is a string of.inferences for you! The feel called upon to "repudiate"anyconclusion is out of all proportion thing through any such process of

to the urst i; 'Jt. What a crusning reasoning as this of the Bishop's!

"The Book of the Dead."

BY LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, M. A.

"The Book of the Dead,"said by engraven upon plates, of gold some scholars to be the oldest book and brass.

in the world, is a collection of writIn order to understand what inings on religion and morals, written fluence the "Book of The Dead"had and compiled in the earliest ages of in the history of Egypt, it is necessary

Egyptian history. The authors of the to know something about the different

collection of books were priests and periods of Egyptian history.

prophets of th e inhabitants of the There were two principal periods

Nile valley, whose civilization dates of Egyptian history, before the time back at least four thousand years beof Christ. The first is called the

fore Christ. One of the titles which Memphite period which lasted from

the ancient Egyptians gave this book about 4,000 B. C. to 2,500 B. C. The

was "The Perem-Hru,"the translasecond was the Theban, which flourishtion of which has caused no end of ed at the time of Abraham's sojourn in controversy. Possibly the best interEgypt. It was during the Memphite

pretation of it is: "The Books of the period that the pyramids were built,

Going Forth From Darkness to near the old city of Memphis, loLight."These books were composed cated near the mouth of the Nile

in something of the spirit as were the river. At this time, the Egyptians built

books of the Old Testament. They great irrigating canals and large reserwere to direct the children of the voirs, and developed the science of

gods to their future life. Used for astronomy and mathematics. They

a period of over four thousand years, were taught the circumference of the they were engraved in parts on earth, and its relation to the diameter, tombs, obelisks, and monuments; and and computed the distance of the planwrit'ten on papyrus rolls, that were ets from the sun, which they regarded

buried with the dead. They were also as the center of the universe. With

often engraved upon the walls of all this knowledge of the Egyptians pyramids and the exteriors of sarcopertaining to Astronomy, it is interphagi. Many parts have been found esting to note here that Abraham

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"347

carried to them a still greater knowDoubly good i the precept of our ledge of the mathematical sciences, father, from whose flesh we come forth. What he says to us, let that be in our

for Josephus, the historian of the heart, so as to greatly satisfy him, that

Jews, says: we may do more for him than he has

said. Truly a good son is one of the

"For whereas the Egyptians were gifts of God.... For his master, he

formerly addicted to different custdoes what is satisfactory, putting himoms, and despised one another's sacred self with all his heart in that way.

and accustomed rites, and were very through that (i. e. by these lesangry one with another on that acsons) shall be caused that thy body

count, Abram conferred with each of will be in health, that the king will be them, and confuting the reasonings satisfied with thee under #all circumthey made use of every one for their stances, and that thou obtain years of own practices, demonstrated that life without failure. This has caused

such reasonings were in vain and void me to acquire upon the earth one hungift of life, the years with ten dred andof truth; whereupon he was admired first the of the of the king anions favor

by them in those conferences as a very of those that their works have made wise man, and one of great sagacity, noble."when he discoursed on any subject

that he undertook: and this not only A few sentences taken at randomin understanding it, but in persuading

other men also to assent to him. He are:

communicated to them arithmetic, "Love for the work which they do.

and delivered to them the science of th-"s= brings men to God."

astronomy: for, before Abram came "If tou hast the position of a leadinto Egypt, they were unacqaintei er, making plans, go forth at thy will

with those parts of learning: for that Do perfect things, which posterity will

science came from the Chaldeans into remember; not letting prevail words

Earvit, and from thence to the Greeks which multiply flatteries, raise prid?.

also."and produce vanity."

They no doubt had beautiful The central figure of the ancient hu'ldings and carried on an exEgyptian religion was Osiris. He was

tensive commerce and trade upon the god who presided over the destinies the Mediterranean sea, and with of men, and had control of death, the peoples further up the Nile. It resurrection, and the souls and bodie"

was during this period that the of all children of the earth. It is in the

"Book of The Dead"was compiled, 125th chapter of the "BOOK OF THE for the Egyptians had a wonderful DEAD"that we obtain a splendid system of religion, and a high standidea of the power of Osiris, and his inard of ethics. They had their philosofluence as a god upon the thoughts of

phers and magicians, who have left men. It contains the prayer which a

us their writings and moral codes, deceased person made when he came which are intensely interesting in that into the hall of Maati, before the throne t'-ey show that those very ancient peoof Osiris. He said:

ple had a high regard for morals. One "Homaare to thee, O great God. thou of these manuscripts may now be seen Lord of Truth. I have com* to thee,

in the national library at Paris. It is my Lord, and I have bro-e-ht myself

called the "Prisse Papyrus,"and con- b'ther. that I may see thv beauties. I

I know thy rani". I know tains eighteen pages of beautiful writknow thee,

sods, fortv of the and two the names; ng in a latter Egyptian hieroglyphic. in of hall this thee live with who

It is a copy of the Papyrus of "PtahMaati. who keep ward over tho?e who

Hotep,"who was a royal prince of have done evil, who feed upon their of live? the the day when on the Memphite period, and a teacher of blood of nresence in the up reckoned men are

high morals. He must have been a Odin's. In truth I have come to thee.

wealthy land owner, and had many I have brought Truth to the-. I have

slaves and servants, whom he addestroyed wickedness for thee."

monished to learn of the gods of men. \i These words were followed by a

Here is an example of what he has Ustatement of offenses which he had written: \ not committed Some of them are as

"Do what thy master says to thre. follows:

348 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1. I have not sinned against men. proper duties of religion and moralitj."

2. I have not wronged my kinsfolk. "The Book of the Dead"consists of 3. I have not committed evil in the

place of truth. "a long series of spells, and incanta-

5. I have not committed acts of tions, and rhythmical formulae, which

ahnmination. were recited by the priests for the

7. I have not caused my name to benefit of the d n ad."But the book, for honors.apoear

8. I have not domineered over slaves. taken as a whole, shows that the Egyp10. I have not defrauded the poor tians had conceptions of the great funman of his goods. damental laws of morality, such as 13. I have caused no man to suffer.;

14. I have allowed no man to go truth, just ce, etc. Life everlasting

hungry. could only be obtained by those who

15. I have made no man weeo. had lived a righteous life upon the

18. I have not filched the offerings earth, and who had been declared to bein the temples.

24. I have not cheated in the measur speakers of the truth in the hall of

ingof grain. Os'ris.

25. I have not filched land, or adde<<

thereto. There are four ancient editions of the

2fi. I have not encroached upon the "Book of the Dead:"

felds of others. I. The first edition is in hieroglyph29. I have not taken away the milk ics, about 3,500 B. C, and is designatfrom the mouths of babes. ed by scholars the Heliopolitan ver38. I have not repulsed the god in sion. Five cooies have been preservedhis manifestations. I am pure. I am

pure. I am pure. I am pure. upon the pyramid tombs of the Pharaohs.

According to the belief of the EgypII. The Theban version, of about

tians, every person consisted of three 2,000 B. C, when Thebes was the cenparts: a mortal corruptible tody called ter of Egyptian civilization. This was

the Cha; a living soirit called the Ba: written upon papyri in hieroglyphs.

and a protecting spirit, caTed Ka. At III. Another version similar to the

death Ba left the body in the form of Theban, written upon papyri in hiero- a bird, but the Ka dwelt in the tomb glyphs and in the hieratic, or where the with the body. At any time, it could characters are joined together.

enter the body and reanimate it. Th IV. The Saitic version, made about

Ka, however, might leave the tomb at the year 600. The copies are wri+ten

times. The living spirit was to return sometimes in hieroglyphs, at other

in time for the clean and pure body. times in the hieratic script.

For this reason, the Egyptians emAn English translation of the book balmed the body as no other people in has recently appeared by Dr. E.

the history of the wor'd. A. Wallis Budge, keeper of the Egypt-

"The Book of the Dead"explains all ian and Ass v ian antiquities in the these be'.iefs, and the 125th chapter British museum. It has also been

quoted above, is the most celebrated in translated by German, French and giving one an understanding about Russian scholars into their respective the gods, and the ethical principles languages. One can find a very good

of the Egyptians. Osisris is the judge exnlanation of the took in any upto-

of the dead. He has a heaven for his date history of Egypt, particularly in

dwelling place. He holds councils with Dr. Isaac Myer's "Oldest Books in the

his other gods, and not only rules the World."The G. P. Putnams Sons Co.

Nile valley, but other lands as well. has recently issued a beautiful edition

"Certain of the gods sat as a court of the "Book of the Dead,"edited in with Osiris, as the presiding judge, and English by Charles H. S. Davis. Tho

judged and punished those men, who edition is well illustrated with 99 plates, in the flesh acted contrary to the laws, reproduced in facsimile from the Turlaid down by the good deities as to the in papyrus and the Louvre papyrus.

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

Liberty of the Press

BY JAMES H. ANDERSON, OF THE GENERAL BOARD Y. M. M. I. A.

Ill The first two newspapers published in America (at Boston in 1689 and 1690) were suppressed by the government of Massachusetts; in the copies preserved there is nothing to justify, in the

mind of today, the governor's assertion that they "contained reflections of a very high nature;"their contents are a mere record of

current events. The third newspaper published at Boston, the

NewsLetter, continued till the British evacuated the city in the

Revolutionary War. The Massachusetts Spy, now the oldest

paper in Massachusetts, had to move from Boston during the

Revolution, because of its yeoman service for independence; it

was the newspaper which published the famous cartoon representing Great Britain as a dragon and the colonies as a snake in nine pieces, under the motto, "Join or die."In Virginia and other

colonies, early newspapers failed through suppressory methods.

The New York Weekly Journal, begun in 1733, became memorable for the prosecution of its printer, John Peter Zenger, for sedition, and for the masterly defense of the accused by Andrew

Hamilton. "The trial of Zenger,"says Gouverneur Morris, "was

the germ of American freedom."Under the United States, liberty of the press always has been maintained by governmental

authority.

It may be stated generally that the efficacy of persecution for the reasonable and consistent expression of free thought was frustrated by the power of the press, particularly in those dignified newspapers which reached the masses of the people with matters of legitimate public news, and comments from vigorous and thoughtful minds which resisted radicalism and oppressive restraint with equal energy, courage and persistence.

Censorship had been either restrictive or corrective; that is,

it interfered to prevent publication, or it enforced penalties after publication. Repression of free discussion was regarded as so

350 IMPROVEMENT ERA

necessary a part of government that Sir Thomas More, in his

Utopia, makes it punishable with death for a private individual to criticize the ruling"power. In the 18th century, most civilized

governments had so modified this view that punishments for libel police restrictions for scandalous, obscene and seditious publications; limiting the number of printers, publishers and booksellers

the registration of books and papers before publication; requiring

the name on all printed matter; and similar regulations presumed

to be for the public benefit, comprised the rule that was generally enforced. "Give me liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely

according to conscience, above all other liberties,"wrote Milton, in 1643, in protest against an ordinance of the Star Chamber. In

less than two centuries later his wish had become virtually the condition in all the foremost civilized nations.

Constitution Present Conditions.—In the United States, the

insures liberty of the press, which is exercised freely. The conditions in other countries may be briefly stated thus

the conAustro-Hungary.—Strict censorship ceased in 1867, when

stitution guaranteed liberty of the press; police regulations, however,

are very strict, especially in the Italian provinces.

Belgium.—The prosecution of political writers led to the independence of Belgium in 1830, and the constitution of that year provides that the press shall be free. It is a penal offense, however, to

incite to crime, or disobedience to law, or to attack the constitutional authority of the king or chambers.

is entitled Brazil.—The constitution in 1824 provided that everyone

to express his thoughts by words and writing, and to publish them without liability to censorship, but is answerable for abuses as decreed by law. All the LatinAmerican nations have practically the same provisions. In cases of national danger, however, the constitutions may

be suspended.

Denmark.—Censorship was abolished in 1849, and the press declared free, by constitution.

France.—Up to 1866 newspapers were suppressed by proclamation.

With the formation of the republic in 187071, liberty of the press was established, but the press is not entirely free, as the term is understood in the United States, the French writers being so vitriolic at times that the government finds it has need of many stringent regulations.Germany.—The censorship was abolished in 1871, but strict police

regulations prevail. A German newspaper must have a responsible

editor, to answer for infringements of law. So often are these editors

LIBERTY OF THE PRESS 351

imprisoned that it is facetiously remarked, and with much color of fact, that a person who accepts the post of responsible editor on a

German newspaper understands that he will have to remain in jail permanently during the period of his employment in that capacity.

Great Britain.—Although the English press enjoyed a large measure of liberty for threequarters of a century previous thereto, it was

not until the removal of the optional duty on newspapers, in 1870, that the press in England, Scotland and Wale? -an be said to be free. In

Ireland, there is not this amount of libei y, since the lord lieutenant may order the seizure of any newspaper appearing to contain matter inciting to treason, violence or intimidation, and may search for papers or documents suspected of being used or intended to be used in con nection with any society existing for criminal purposes. In India thrgovernor-general may seize or exclude newspapers, books, etc., which

"contain any words, signs, or visible representations likely to excite disaffection to the government established by law in British India, or between any persons of different castes, religions or sects in British

India."The colonies enjoy liberty of the press similarly with England, Scotland and Wales.

in 1844, but Greek citizens Greece.—Censorship was abolished

only can be publishers of newspapers.

Holland.—Liberty of the press since 1815; seditious books and

newspapers may be seized.

Italy—Censorship comparatively severe. There are few booksellersMexico.—Thein Italy. constitution abolishes press censorship, which prevailed during the Spanish dominion. In times of national danger, this

and other constitutional guarantees may be suspended.

Norway.—Liberty of the press since 1814, with punishment for

offenses against law, religion or decency.

Ottoman Empire.—Liberty of the press subject to limitations of

law since 1876, the limitations being comparatively rigid.

Portugal.—Limited censorship prevails, the latest modifications,

having been instituted in 1911.

is liberty of the Roumania.—Censorship abolished in 1866. There

press, with the responsible editor system almost similar to that of

Germany.

Russia.—Absolute censorship prevails, both restrictive and corrective. The newspapers of St. Petersburg and Moscow have greater liberty than those elsewhere, but even there the restrictions are severe.

There are government censors everywhere, and papers from foreign countries are under very strict supervision. On these, censorship is

mercilessly exercised by blacking out or cutting out such articles as the government censors may not approve or understand. The telegraphic press agency censorship is rigidly applied. Only privileged

persons, such as members of the royal family, foreign diplomats, and editors of newspapers in the capital, may receive foreign publications 352 IMPROVEMENT ERA

free of censorship, which has been more severe since the Crimean war than for a long time previously.

constitution abolished censorship and gave Spain.—In 1812 the

freedom to the press, subject to such restrictions of the law that even yet few booksellers are permitted.

constitutional provision Sweden.—Liberty of the press granted by

in 1848, with restrictive legislain 1812.Switzerland.—Liberty of the press

tion for offenses against the public welfare.

Censorship Not Tolerable—-In those countries where liberty

of the press prevails, neither author or publisher, nor the people generally, will tolerate censorship of the press, because such censorship would be an invasion of the freedom of thought and expression so necessary to the welfare of a free people. In such

countries, occasional efforts at censorship have been made by overbearing officials; but all reputable publishers affected have resisted

the intrusion. Often there are facts within the knowledge of

newspapers that should not be published, because the injury from publicity clearly outweighs the good in particular instances. In

such case, decent and influential newspapers omit the injurious feature upon its being pointed out, or upon request for its suppression. Every attempt at official censorship by officers either

writing or supervising and examining articles intended for publication is therefore an unnecessary violation of the liberty of the press, and the publisher who submits to it displays an inferior conception of his right and duty. An obligation which attends

the enjoyment of liberty of the press is that the author and publisher do their work in a clean, decent and honorable way, with beneficial aims for the community whose interests are involved.

is Abuse of Liberty.—That the liberty of the press often

abused by vicious and unprincipled writers and publishers is painfully apparent everywhere, and is as deeply regretted by reputable members of the press as by anyone else. Indeed, from present

conditions in the United States, the press here owes to itself and the nation the duty of more cooperation and less faultfinding, more constructive advice and less destructive criticism, than seems now to be the generally prevailing policy. In the line of abuses

complained of, many persons are berated, maligned and misrepis, because they differ resented because it is "in the game"-—that

LIBERTY OF THE PRESS 353

in opinion with those who assail them; but highminded publishers

do not stoop to this method of assault, severe though they find it necessary to be at times; they prefer to discuss differences of

opinion on principle, and to avoid false accusation or aspersion.

Vituperation involves false accusation and undeserved denunciation, intended to inflict unjustifiable injury; hence the legal and

moral truism, "Where vituperation begins the liberty of the press ends,"and beyond is abuse of liberty. But all abuses are not on

the part of authors and publishers. It frequently occurs that

persons who cannot direct a newspaper into their way of thinking charge its publishers with venality merely because it differs with them in opinion and method. In such case, the accusers abuse the

liberty of the press, and in the counterattack the newspaper is a defender of that liberty which belongs to the press; therefore, the

legal and moral truism, "Where vituperation begins, the liberty of the individual ends,"and beyond is an infringement of the liberty of the press. The publication or utterance of the truth with good

motive, and of comment which does not infringe the right of character, mark the limit of reasonable liberty in the press and in the individual.

history of the growth of Effect of Liberty of the Press.—The

liberty of the press to its present reasonable status in the foremost civilized nations is permanently interwoven with the progress of the people toward that desirable human freedom assured by the principles of Divine truth. A direct effect of the enjoyment of

liberty of the press has been to educate the people into a more thorough comprehension than previously existed of that higher and better standard of upholding the right, in their ordinary relationships with each other, which is so desirable in the brotherhood of man. It has brought the people to a keener sense of responsibility, and a stronger resolution to bear nobly that responsibility,

in their part in God's great universe, than otherwise would have been possible. As a human agency in the developing progress of

earth and its inhabitants, the liberty of the press has been, and is.

of supreme importance.

(the end) Voice of the Intangible

BY ALBERT R. LYMAN

Chapter VII—On DayHerd

The J. B. Outfit employed a variety of men. They always

had some erratic fellow to take the part of king's-fool, worry the boss to death, or otherwise keep the camp in a ferment. This element was so sure to be there, that Ben learned to look for it as

a curiosity worthy of notice. He was, therefore, not at all surprised one spring when the two outfits "throwed in together"at

Fish Creek, to find among the J. B. hands a rider called Montana,

to whom no one dared to say very much, and at whom no one ventured to laugh, unless the laugh were mutually agreeable.

This Montana towered six feet two inches in the air; he had

broad shoulders, the activity of a cat, and a silvermounted, fortyfour calibre sixshooter on his hip all the time. Mightier still

among the elements which made his presence dreadful, was a cool, gray eye, a steady nerve, and a temper which needed only to sizzle slightly, to convince men it contained glycerine and dynamite.

Young Rojer recognized him at once as the particular thing for which he was looking, and just kept on looking with eyes and mouth wide open. With one gulping stare he took in the handsome face, the prominent nose, the yellow mustache, and the

shapeful, graceful form, erect in the saddle. He saw the fine Cubine boots, the beautiful spurs, the glittering buttons, on chaps

and bridle; he surveyed the magnificent brown horse from head

to heels. If Montana spoke a word, Ben knew it, though he may

have seen nothing else around that bawling herd.

While young Rojer gaped with fine concentration and unrefined manners, a narrowhipped, heavyhorned Texan bull worried the outfit into a rage by trying to force a passage through the corral fence. Several of the boys drove him away, and brought

their heavy rawhide hondas fiercely down on his supple back, but

THE EASTERN BREAKS OF THE CEDAR RIDGE, IN THE WILDS OF

COMB WASH, SAN JUAN COUNTY, UTAH

each time he returned, bellowing and pawing the dust till his spreading horns encountered the cottonwood pannels.

Ben saw all this performance only from the corner of his eye, and in such a way as to recall it when Montana whirled his brown horse in that direction with the remark: "I reckon I'll make 'im

sick of thisyere J. B. outfit."

The brown horse and the bull went hip and hip up the flat on the keen jump, and a soggy fold of lariat swung kerthump around the bulging paunch every time they struck the ground.

When this familiarity had almost bred contempt in the bovine mind, the handsome cowpuncher, in less time than it takes to tell it, sprang up from the saddle, and came down astride of the bull. He alighted just in front of the narrow hips, and settled his

long spurs in the animal's flanks to hold his position.

Surprised and indignant at this unwarranted liberty, the heavybreasted, thinflanked ruminant ran even faster, and the brown horse slowed knowingly down to a standstill. Montana

waved his hands in the air, and with his heavy hat spanked the horned charger's ribs, all the time singing, "Hi ya ya, hi ya ya,"with the energy of a fanatical Pahute in a wardance.

The bull described a halfcircle, cut a dusty beeline back to the corral, and flew around it three times like a chariot race, bellowing his whitehot rage, and making a terrible scattering of 356 IMPROVEMENT. ERA

men and horses. Montana drove his heavy rowels against the

knotted shoulder, and sent the hair floating away from a path to! Whoopee! Hi yo!"like a medicinethe flank. He yelled, "Wooh

man receiving extra pay, while the bull's eyes grew beady, and his tail writhed like a snake in a fight.

The mad charger made for the hills in desperation, but a hundred yards up the flat, he began to plunge and whirl, and reach with his horns for the man glued to his reeking back. Suddenly,

like scat, Montana was on the ground a-hold of the broomlike tail. The nose sniffed keenly after him, and the tail pulled him

out of its way. They circled and swung and cut a dashing pigeon

wing to the right and the left in the alkali dust of the flat, while the J. B. outfit sat in convulsions on the fence, or fell backward

into the corral.

Montana had not lost his head nor his breath, in all this fandango, but knowing the first measure was over, and knowing, too, that his partner was a beginner without knowledge of when to quit, he twisted that broomlike tail till the bull simply shrieked with agony, bolted up the flat, over the hill and out of sight.

As the Southerner, for he seemed to be from the south, rode his brownback to the corral, he nodded towards the vanishing dust on the hill and remarked, "I reckon he don't love me no more."Next day, as the outfit drove down the Comb Wash, they found that identical bull standing forlornly alone under a cottonwood tree. His flanks were swollen, and he wore an outraged

expression as the fellows came in sight, and after watching them studiously and contemptuously a short half minute, he threw up his head and broke into a trot for the herd. The Southerner and

his brown happened to be on that side, and Foreman Dick, probably to see some fun, called out, "Don't let 'im in."

Montana sprang his horse in the bull's way, and the trot slowed down a trifle, but the horned head rose higher, and the ears stood out stiffly trembling. The big man waited till the

charge upon him was fully begun, when by a quick start, he led out to where a high bank hemmed them both off from the herd.

This little stratagem, however, had taken no account of a deep wash, up to the edge of which the brown horse came with the bovine sniffing four steps behind. All hands expected the

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 357

silvermoimte'd sixshooter to flash from its scabbard. A tenderfoot would have smoked up the situation in good shape, but the

Southerner and his brown were no spring chickens.

When they saw the wash yawning before them, the reins tightened, and the glittering spurs came into play behind the back cinch. The horse understood in a second. Before that Texas

bull realized the gravity of the situation, he had run into a battering ram of hoofs shod with steel, and one of his horns had gone spinning back over the scrubgreasewood. He took his other horn

and went, doubly disgusted, to the hills; and the handsome cowpuncher mused to himself, "Huh! he didn't seem to have no

respect for my feelin's at all."

This blonde horseman cared nothing for praise or compliments, and no one made bold to offer them. He apparently courted

adventure, as a relief from the stiff dignity and reserve that held him coldly aloof from every man in the outfit; and the adventure

once found, he embraced it with utter abandon. He seemed to

recognize danger by defying its possibilities, for when the herd reached Rincone, and a calf fell into the boiling spring current of the San Juan, he spoke, as if to no one, "I reckon me an'ol'

Deut kin navigate these yere waters,"and spurred his brown horse over the bank into the rapids.

The way he came out with the calf in safety, and utterly regardless of the ducking or the danger, was more of a mystery than the fracas with the Texas bull. The outfit looked on in

silence, and Josh Widder looked on in greeneyed silence.

It was decided to herd the bunch ten days on the sandhills at Rincone, and Montana and Ben and the dog fell heirs to the task. They would camp there alone during that time.

Before the outfit left, Fred Rojer called his son off to one side. "I notice you're quite taken up with that fellow,"he began,

"but you better be mighty careful how you drink into his ways; he

came here on the run, and he may leave the same way. I don't

like the idea of leaving you here with him so long, and it's only because I have confidence in your knowledge of right and wrong, and your courage to resist evil, that I do it at all. Now remember,

son, this is the first time I've left you in such company—don't do

anything to disappoint me."

Braced up with his father's confidence, and firmly resolved 358 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to honor it as a sacred trust, young Rojer rode away to the grazing herd and the company of the handsome, dignified cowpuncher.

They said little the first day. They stayed one on each side

of the herd, and the boy talked to his dog as if they two were alone. At night by the fire the barrier melted somewhat. "I

reckon your pap's mighty anxious to train you up about right,"ventured the Southerner, settling his gray eyes on the boy, "I sort-o like yer pap. I believe he's a good man."

Young Rojer made short, modest answers, but the tall blonde seemed eager to strike up an acquaintance. He certainly had

spoken with no such ease to the J. B. outfit as he now spoke to

Ben. In fact, he stared with those strange, gray eyes, and cast off

his stiff mantle of dignity to ask plain, boyish questions, which made young Rojer feel like a small colt opening and shutting his mouth under the nosing caress of an old saddlehorse. The

Southerner appeared to refresh himself on Ben's innocence and ignorance; to gaze into the simple, guileless depths of the boyish

heart, as if hungering for some element of peace it contained. He

forgot his stern bearing and the rigid concern it must have imposed, just as a man forgets the heat of the sandhills, when he sprawls in the shade of a cottonwood. At all events, he thawed

out considerably as he looked across that campfire at the browneyed boy. "I reckon you've never been out of San Juan county?"

he queried.

"Not very far,"Ben answered.

"And you've growed up away out yere, and follered yer pap over these yere wild hills; I reckon ye never drink whiskey er play

cards?""I've never been in a saloon."

"That's what I thot,"and the gray eyes stared at the fire.

The two rested more often on one side of the herd after that, and Montana became so very free that Ben caught the contagion and told some things he wished he might recall.

"Yes, kid,"the Southerner went on, "I was sort o'attracted to ye when I first saw ye up to Fish Creek."In the same vein,

later in the day, he added: "Kid, I don't tell many men what I

think, but I will tell you this, an'I know yer pap won't object to it, nuther: Don't, never kill a it."man—don't think of

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 359

Rather strange advice to give a least Ben thought so, bo>—at

but the words had a genuine ring of authority, and he lumped them carelessly in with other strange habits of this strange man.

From the first evening when the two sat down as strangers by the fire, young Rojer fancied those gray eyes were not the same in the firelight as in the sunlight. After the third day, when

supper was over, and a still, dark night had settled on their cam]), when the herd had lain down in its boxcanyon corral, and the silent whispers of the Intangible floated in from all around, the

Southerner stared mutely at the yellow coals. With the fixed

and glassy gaze of a spirit, he stared on, and on, till Ben decided to signal the dog and sneak quietly away among the trees.

"I'm mighty glad they left ye here, kid,"the big man broke forth, barely in time to keep the boy in his place. "I wouldn't be

yere alone fer the whole blamed herd."

Still his gray eyes dwelt feverishly upon the fading flame.

Was it a joke? Could this brave man really have fear of the

lost every handsomepeaceful night? No difference—his face had

line, and a wild, brutal spirit seemed to cringe and cower behind it.

"Then ye see, kid,"he continued, after several fleshcreeping minutes, "I couldn't talk to them; they're impudent, but yer pap's

trained you."

Those eyes, still riveted to the dying embers, appeared in the dim, ghostly light to be starting from their very sockets. Afraid

to run, young Rojer hugged old Bowse and trembled.

"Yes, kid,"and the unearthly element had surely found its way into Montana's voice this time, "I see things in the dark,"he gasped, "the same bloody, powderburnt face. Oh!"—and two

terrible words half chilled the blood in Ben's veins.

Before something worse might happen, young Rojer found his way, boots and all, to his blankets, and located the dear old wagtail close against the pillow. Then from the covers he peeped

timidly at the figure crouched over the smoldering fire.

That figure crouched there like a petrified thing, till the last faint glimmer of light died out. Then, half falling backward, as

: "Tomfrom an impending blow, he threw both hands in the air

in a perfect frenzy.West! Oh!"—he groaned

If Ben had not been able to stroke the shaggy head, and hear 360 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the responsive thumping of the shaggy tail on the ground, at this moment, it is likely he would have gone headlong for the willows.

When the Southerner went to bed, after a long, long time, and lay there muttering to himself, the sleepless brown eyes still through the quiet midnight, watched till thewatched—watched

gray dawn. There was no more sweet voice of the Intangible

that night. The darkness smacked of terror, and that black roll

of bedding that groaned, and started, and writhed, seemed the soul of everything dreadful to the human mind.

With early light Montana arose, the same handsome, stalwart man that sang to the Texas bull, and "navigated the waters"but for a blush of humiliationof the San Juan—the same man

which arose whenever the gray eyes met Ben's look. Even before

breakfast, that humiliation framed itself into words: "What was

I a-talkin'to you about last night? I reckon I was sort o'nervous

and half asleep,"and the blush grew deeper. "I get that-a-way

sometimes, but ye mustn't take no notice of it."

He had not yet said enough to allay his annoyance, and the fact that his great, brave self should be disturbed by a callow boy, seemed to annoy him all the more. "Say, kid,"he ventured

again, when the herd began to graze, "Did I mention any names last night?"

His yellow mustache loomed up dark against his colorless face when he heard the name, Tom West.

"What did I say about 'im?"he finally found breath to ask.

"Oh, you just mentioned the name,"and Ben succeeded in giving the matter the smallest importance.

"Ye see, kid,"breathed the Southerner, much relieved, "I sort o'go to sleep an'have nightmare before I reach the bed, if

I'm very tired. I was awful tired last night. What a man says

in 'is sleep ain't mustn't take no notice of it."Then, nothin'—ye

after a pause, he added: "But say, kid, ye won't never mention

that name, will ye?"He accepted young Rojer's assurance that

the name would not be mentioned, and dropped the lingering traces of night to assume the handsome face he wore in the daytime.

As to Ben, he did take notice, a great deal of notice, of that "nightmare,"and another edition of it which came out two nights

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 361

later on; but he ceased to be afraid. He simply listened and drew

a firm conclusion, though, for the sake of his promise, he kept the conclusion to himself.

Montana told nothing of his personal history to Ben; the

most he said about it was in answer to a question about old Deut "Yip, Deut's a trump of a haws,"he agreed, "he was my pick of fifty. He don't keer how much ye shoot from on 'is back, but if

a fella shoots towards 'im from behind, he shore gets rapid."

Whether that meant that Deut was stolen from a band of fifty, and had carried Montana away from a posse of firing officers, was not exactly clear, and no question was asked to make it clear.

One day, as they rested on a sandhill, with the herd grazing below them, Jimmy came out of the willows by the river, and climbed to where they sat. He greeted the boy with word and

handshake, but pretended not to see the man.

"Now, wouldn't I like to have a ruffle on my shirttail same as that,"remarked the Southerner, sarcastically; for Jimmy, like

the better class of Navajos, had his black shirt hanging outside of his trousers, and a neat ruffle running all the way around the hem.

The uskee could not tell just what had been said, but the tone of ridicule came plain to his ears, and the dark eyes betrayed his resentment. "Why are you with this man?"he demanded.

this way"He is vile! My mother and my sisters will not pass

when he is here. Chinde! Chinde! Clisz! Cady!"he hissed

most venwith emphasis, meaning, "Devil! Snakespirit!"—the

omous term a Navajo may employ.

He probably had patience to say no more, for with that he stalked back down the hill, into the willows, and came no more during the ten days.

(to be continued) Vocation

BY JOSEPH QUINNEY, JR.

1 desire to use, as an introduction to this article on Vocation, the Man you Can't Defeat, by Herbert Kaufman:

"He isn't afraid of Failure, and so after awhile Failure becomes afraid of him. When all's said and done, Failure is like every other

bully, and turns tail at the first hint of wholehearted, fearless defense.

that he goes down in defeat "What if he does stumble—granted

t'me and time watch him fumbling, crawling, husbanding again—justhis strength bit by bit, gripping fast with his last shred of grit, and

until hehis last flash of wit—never despairing—watching and waiting

sees the chance and then, zip! before you realize it, he is on his feet

again and up against the wall ready to take on any comer.

"He keeps learning what not to do until he has narrowed down the field of mistakes and errors and by the sheer experience of elimination he knows at last the few sane, safe principleof success.

"The size of a task never appals him—his courage is great enough

to lift him shoulder to shoulder with any emprise to which he aspires;

his resolution is the most terrific ram that ever battered the walls of circumstance.

"Errors of judgment and his overzeal repeatedly hurl him to earth.

But while he lies on his back he doesn't waste time wailing because of his failing; he doesn't rehash the past and moan and groan over what

is gone and what can't be helped; he takes count of his assets and

figures out how he can return to the game.

"He doesn't mind the broken bones—they'll knit; or the bruisesthey'll heal; or the sprains—time will take care of all of them. So long

as his spirit isn't fractured and his determination isn't splintered, he's not shattered, but only battered.

"The mere loss of goods is just a loss of time; if he hasn't lost his

manhood and his memory, he can duplicate whatever he possessed and reattain whatever he dropped.

"You can 'break'him, but you can't break his backbone. You can

bind his activities, but you can't tie down his spirit. You can handicap

him, but so long as he doesn't handicap himself, he'll win out against you as surely as day must follow night.

"He puts his own judgment in the scales and the prejudices of the whole universe won't outweigh it; while there's breath in his body,

and hope in his breast, and nerve in his meat, he's ready and eager to pit his ambitions against all humanity.

"Don't waste the time to laugh at him, to shrug at him or strike at him; the joke is bound to be on you in the end. He's padded all

over with selfassurance. A sneer can't get through his vitals. Disbelief and incredulity rattle against his sheath of confidence like dry

peas upon a stone wall.

"Whenever you try to hold him back you simply turn him into a bend him into greater power, and when you let go youbow—you

have loaned him the strength to hurl his shaft of determination twice as far.

VOCATION 363 "He's a human spring—the greater the pressure you put upon him,

the further he'll rebound.

"Opposition is his whetstone; it simply puts a deeper edge upon

his keenness.

"Every unfair dig but sends him leaping ahead. It rouses his

lazing, lurking amperes and kilowatts of force—it calls upon his reserve of energy and sets it surging and singing through his being,

doubling his horse power, intensifying his voltage, until he breaks every band and bond of opposition.

"Don't measure him by his years, courage never rusts with time.

"He'll break new ground for himself up to the hour that you break ground for him.

"You can't tell how he'll finish, until his finish."

The growth of any community depends largely upon its citizenship, consequently, to bring into our lives the very things that are most high and good there must be provided good, wholesome employment for the citizens of that community. Where the environment is of a high order the moral condition is one of inspiration, and people who are surrounded with high and lofty thoughts

are in a position to contribute to the uplift of the race. There is

nothing in life that is so beautiful, wholesome and soulinspiring as to give and love. There are thousands of our people who are

reaching out for something; they know not just what it is, but

when they get it, there is a satisfaction that convinces them that they have received it. The very things we are wanting more of

in our Church, in our communities and in our homes, is giving the very best we have, and in this contribution, love and good must be the result. Quotations come and are given to us from

various individuals that are full of suggestive ideas, and we are moved in our actions, in our thoughts, and in our deeds by reason of these suggestions, sometimes our very lives are changed, and as a result we find ourselves giving better service, thinking better thoughts, and speaking better words than ever before. It is a

development that expands, and grows, and brings into our lives splendid personalities, and when we make development by reason of high thoughts and suggestions coming to us, our capacity to give is so much greater that we find ourselves very frequently in the position of contributing voluntarily to the uplift of those who surround us. The way to retain a thought is to repeat that thought. The way to receive good service is to give

good service. The way to confer affection is to be in a condition

to receive affection, and the position I wish to take and the thought I wish to leave is this: That there is no individual who

can direct unless he himself can be directed; he cannot give unless

he can receive; he cannot inspire unless he can receive inspiration. Many people who have held responsible positions in large

institutions have failed completely because they could not inspire 364 IMPROVEMENT ERA

those over whom they had control, and upon investigation the reason would invariably be, that these individuals never placed themselves in an attitude to receive inspiration. They had closed

their lives to the suggestions that would have filled them with inspiration; permitted themselves to become selfish, and grow up

in a little world all their own. Where there is nothing, you can

give nothing, and the individual who closes his life to suggestion never can inspire others; a retrogression sets in and development

ceases; he becomes a thing, not a man. The successful man inspires; those about him become animated and influenced by his

presence; they develop and grow strong. Why is he successful?

It is because he has opened the windows of his soul and permitted the sunshine, the flowers, the mountains, the trees and all of God's universe to enter and make him grow and love, and above all, he has permitted other people to come into his life and unfold to him their appreciation and thankfulness. He has received inspiration,

and there are people who wonder why he carries with him such an influence. Characters are great only in so far as they are able

to receive, and not what they give. The greatest of all characters,

Jesus the Christ, bowed in humble obedience to God his Father, and said, "Not my will but thine be done."

Leaders of men are submissive, kind and considerate as a general rule, and because they are able to direct, instruct and lead, is because they have been directed, instructed and led. Many there

are who start out and fail before they have gone far. Why is

this? There is some reason. There must be a cause, and if an

investigation is made the cause is with the individual himself.

You will always find with a failure in life a strong grain of selfishness, a lack of inclination to serve and to give, a strong tendency to speak disrespectfully about those who would be glad to assist him. A failure of this nature is always surrounded with

doubt, and the feeling grows until it has developed the thought that everybody is wrong but the individual himself. The individual

who is all the time counting his lost opportunities is unhappy;

those about him partake more or less of the same feeling, and this is one reason that they are not successful in life. Vocation

is a wonderful asset in the develpoment of the young, but there are so many that think they can't do a thing, and the result is, they never grow, they never do, and they never become. They

only aim to get enough to live on. There is nothing that impedes

the progress of our young people so much as the failure to select a vocation for life. Circumstances should not enter into a man's

progress or development. He may be surrounded with poverty

and bowed down with sorrow and grief, yet he can grow and become something if he only thinks so. With our environment, the

splendid literature, schools and splendid agricultural advantages,

VOCATION 365

there is no excuse for any young man not becoming what he wants to become. His only drawback is when he thinks he can't,

when he should be thinking that he can. He must think so, and

in thinking so he will become. There are so many who think

they would like to become good farmers, mechanics, literary men, college professors and the like, and they go into each of these vocations with considerable energy and will power. In the course

of their progress and development they observe some one else following another line of work and making good at it. Their

attention is taken from their own vocation, and they act upon the suggestion of the success of the other man and quit their own vocation and spend their energy in following up the other man's vocation, and as a result they have mastered no one particular thing. Stickto-itiveness is the word. Stay with one thing until it

has been mastered, and then if you have the capacity, master other things, always holding firm and fast this splendid thought: "Give

the very best service you have."

When William Morris came into the world, very little was known about modern household furnishing, etc. This man's

soul was subject to all the beautiful things that came in his pathway. When he completed an eighth grade education he entered

Oxford; when he was still in his youth he met a young man by

the name of Edward Burne Jones, and these two grew strong together. They read to each other from good books; they discussed only the beautiful things, and each received from the other

so much inspiration that they simply grew and became strong and mighty men. It is said of William Morris that he was the

strongest all around man the country ever produced. He could

do more things and do them well than any man of either ancient or modern times. He was a poet, an artist, a weaver, a blacksmith, a woodcarver, a painter, and a musician of no mean

ability. He mastered all of these things because he accomplished

one thing at a time. He just thought so, and kept on thinking so,

and took from one vocation the inspiration he had received, put it into the next vocation and was continually contributing to the uplift of those about him. Never did he permit himself to speakdisrespectfully about any one. His life was full of sunshine and

happiness to all. Yes; decide on some vocation, and then gather

together your self respect, push out, and make good. Too many

of us become dissatisfied with the people who are employing us, and instead of giving them the very best we have, we are concocting some method or scheme to take advantage of them, and as a fillresult of this they are naturally looking about for someone to our places, and when our places are filled and we are out of employment, we are loud in our condemnation and use almost every means of insult and abuse because a business method has been 366 IMPROVEMENT ERA

applied, and we wonder why we do not progress, and are always in the attitude of faultfinding, and our work becomes a drudgery instead of a pleasure. A man never gains in influence who speaks,

acts or appears disrespectfully to those who are providing for him a livelihood. There is a saying: "This thing of trying to get even

is what keeps so much misery in the world, and makes demons out of otherwise splendid men."Carlyle also said: "Get your

happiness out of your work or you will never know what happiness is."Happiness comes in liking a thing, and when we like a thing

we are going to give the very best thought and the very best service we have.

There is no institution but what will recognize good, honest service. Men promote themselves, the institution does not promote them, and in this case opportunity is always present, and the

man who takes advantage of it, does so because he knows how.

He has the ability, he has the courage to push out and take the chance. Responsibilities gravitate to him because he can take

care of them, and responsibilities go to no other kind of individuals.

LOGAN, UTAH

Department of Vocations and Industries

BY B. H. ROBERTS

VI—Courage to Take a Chance.

One of the essentials in all departments of life is courage. This is

no less true in the matter of choosing a vocation than in following one. Indeed much depends upon the strength of the courage with

which one starts in his vocation. "Jack"should be taught to dare

much in choosing his life's work. That is, while putting no false

values upon his ability, he should be encouraged to rate himself at the height of his reasonable possibilities, and choose his vocation accordingly. And not only choose his vocation accordingly, but determine what shall be his station in that vocation—novice or finished

workman; master of his trade, profession, line of business, calling,

art; or only a middling workman, unskilful, untrusted and not honored

in his industrial life. Without controversy "Jack"should be taught to

look high for his vocation, as high as talents and character warrant him in looking. Having chosen he should now be taught to look to

the very summit of possibilities within his vocation, with the view of attaining it. It is no inordinate ambition to seek and attain excellence

DEPARTMENT OF VOCATIONS AND INDUSTRIES 367

in workmanship, skill in a profession, proficiency in one's art, effec tiveness in a business calling. Ambition in these directions means

only the making of one capable of better and of more service in his particular line of endeavor. Ambition becomes inordinate only when

it becomes mischievous to others; when it would prompt its possessor

to rise at the expense of others; when it regards not the rights of

others.

Well, not to wander too far afield, all this—choosing the highest

thing in the way of a vocation that his talents warrant him in selecting; and then following that vocation with a view of attaining to the

highest possible development in it—that requires courage, daring.

Much is said in these modern days of giving a boy a chance; we

had better inspire him with the courage that will prompt him to take one. As Herbert Kaufman recently said, in a popular publication,

"The best way to get a chance is to take one."Then he continues:

"Sure things are poor things. When you strike a certainty, you

strike limitations. The making of profit almost always means the

taking of risk.

"Currents are seldom found close to shore. If you mean to swim

far, you must dive into the depths, and strike out boldly for the channel. The weakling who won't wade beyond his ankles simply gets

cold feet. "There are times when it may seem wise to back away from the risk ahead, but be sure that it isn't cowardice which backs you into a greater danger behind.

"Conservatism ceases to be a virtue when it stifles enthusiasm.

Caution, like the tail of a kite, is valuable only so long as it steadies, but when there's too much of it, like too heavy a tail, it will hold you down. "Energy and imagination are both meant for use; inaction rusts

the vitality out of ability."'

Let our association committeemen, in this department, inspire our youth with the courage that will not merely ask for a "chance,"but will start out bravely and find one, and take it when found. Courage is one of the cabalistic passwords to success.

AT THE FAIR

in the English Lakeland A Day

BY HERMON J. WELLS

English weather is a great blessing. Being synonymous

with uncertainty, it affords rare opportunities for the philosopher and conversationalist. And what better means for the exhibition

of patience than, when a cycling trip has been carefully arranged, to have the independent old Sun hide his head under thick, black clouds which soon pour down sheet after sheet of water, to the thorough extinction of excursionists'hopes and the bedraggling of all wayfarers.

Such spasmodic showers from scowling heavens have been usual, so when, this evening, the sky continues to show bright and clear, four of us ardent spirits, after a long day's ramble at Beetham, resolve to place our muchabused confidence in the new month of July and extend our trip to Lakeland for a day.

The delights of this district are well heralded during the approach. From Kendalon, the road becomes more undulating,

and the surroundings more mountainous. It seems, as we pass

between the rolling hills of various shape, carpeted with grass and hovering ferns, and of everincreasing heights, that we are entering a region of enchantment through sacred portals. It is

just at that peaceful time when the sun sinks to rest and all nature seems "breathless with adoration."The hush is that of labor

done; only the soft twittering of hidden birds, or the distant barking of a noisy dog, break the silence. As we pierce further, the

beauty and wildness grow apace. Clumps of huge oaks and

spreading beeches add to the delight of shrub and grass, while great fields of uncultivated marguerites increase a wonderful variety and charm of wood and stream and mountain. The

ancient stone fences become rougher and neglected, and though a few white cottages of rock dot the fell sides yet they seem to harbor solitude itself. The sun, taking one last peep over that

wooded hill, casts over all a sheen of mellow light.

Turning away, we pass hurriedly on in fear that we shall never reach Bowness by dusk. But, after a plod up a long hill,

drink at a cool spring, and then an exhilarating coast into the valley beyond, we are shown the folly of such anxieties with a view of Windermere, the largest of the lakes, reflecting the blue of the sky and the beauty of its wooded banks and green islands

A DAY IN THE ENGLISH LAKELAND 369

with their enlivening villas. In ten minutes more of descent we

reach Bowness, prettily situated in a small bay on the eastern bank, and presenting a quaint arrangement of hotels, shops and other tourist conveniences.

With a wash and a meal we are sufficiently refreshed to enjoy a row on the quiet coolness of the lake in the gloaming. On

the return journey we lose our way for a time, but skyrockets fired by presumptuous Yankees, who are celebrating the glorious

Fourth, to the intense disgust of some English bystanders, at the very edge of the water, guide us from our black surroundings into more visible parts. The dreamy atmosphere, and our day's

exertions, conduce weariness at last, though one is apt to neglect sleep in this charming district.

But, in spite of this last, we must confess that it requires a

JL. 1

e4 e&'4o**

THE NORTH END OF WINDERMERE

lusty hammering of the door by our punctual host, and dwelling thoughts of breakfast in speedy preparation, to stir us on the following morning. After the meal we bid goodby to the tiny seaport and, passing along a splendid road on the edge of Windermere, which is shining beautifully in the morning sunlight, we

penetrate the amphitheatre of lofty hills which enclose its northern end. Nestling at the foot of these is Ambleside, lovely on

this fresh summer's morning. This hamlet is supposed to have

been a Roman station, and its surroundings are both beautiful and famous. Encircled as it is by sheltering hills, with its nearby

370 MPROVEMENT ERA

streams and waterfalls, its mossgrown bridges and quiet, reposeful nooks, it possesses an air of seclusion and retirement which even the presence of the hustling tourist and noisy wagonette cannot destroy.

The cry of the party, however, is "a general view of a great deal,"so our plans for the day will admit of no dalliance, nor even justifiable delay. We search out the

road and, speeding on, arrive almost immediately at the small Rydal water, which has crept up among the grasses of its gentle shores, softening the edges with green, and reflecting in its rippling clearness the high mountain which stands as protector of its silence and repose. Here

it was that Wordsworth, in his later life, dreamed and thought and wrote his most powerful verse, and here it was he died. There is a rock from

which, they say, he often mused, overlooking the lake, and every tourist passing on the road feels bound to clamber up and sit him down complacently in that selfsame spot.

OLD BRIDGE, AMBLESIDE g seem easier assodate

Wordsworth with the charming little village and the sunny lake of Grasmere which burst upon us like a revelation as the road turns sharply. Here is the quaint and humble Dove cottage where

he lived, from 1799 to 1808, with his sister Dorothy and his wife;

where Coleridge, Scott, Charles Lamb and other guests of present great renown were entertained. It is now presided over by a

pleasant old dame who, for sixpence, will take one all. through the

premises and also remember many interesting details of the poet's life, with remarkable accuracy. And here is

the church of "rude and antique majesty"with "oaken benches ranged in seemly rows"in whose quiet yard the great master is buried, and which contains a tablet with the following inscription: rydal lake and silver bow

To the Memory of William Wordsworth,

A True Philosopher and Poet, A DAY IN THE ENGLISH LAKELAND 371

Who, By the Special Gift and Calling of Almighty God,

Whether He Discoursed on Man or Nature,

Failed Not to Lift Up the Heart to Holy Things,

Tired Not of Maintaining the Cause of the Poor and

Simple; And So, in Perilous Times, Was Raised Up to Be a Chief

Minister, Not Only of Noblest Poesy, But of High and Sacred Truth.

This Memorial is Placed Here by His Friends and

Neighbors In Testimony of Respect, Affection and Gratitude,

Anno Dom. MDCCCLI.

Beyond the village of Grasmere we soon began the long ascent to the top of

Dunmail Raise and, as the scenery becomes wilder, the sun hotter, and the bicycles heavier, we find hunger and thirst gaining alarming headway. An

important discussion takes place, during which much wisdom is unmuzzled, the ultimate result being that we dine like kings, on bread and milk, at a nearby farmhouse. Feeling much refreshed,

and grimly determined to reach Keswick in short order, we climb on, envious of william Wordsworth those who are traveling in the opposite direction, until the top of the pass is reached. Then we covet no

man's hold on gravitation, for we have but to sit still and steer straight, to coast for miles at lightning speed.

A view of Lake Thirlmere and the towering Helwellyn are now obtained. The

lake is winding and narrow, being nowhere more than onethird of a mile wide, though over three in length. A steep dove cottage, grasmere,

downhill takes us past the Wordsworth's home cluster of small houses called

Wythburn, and there lies the peaceful water close at hand, seem340 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing to bask in the warm sun while mirroring the clear sky and the picturesque crags and woods of its further side. Rising on the

THIRLMERE

east and pouring cascades down their broad sides to feed the valuable lake are the giant mount and his companions.

Thirlmere is now the property of the Manchester corporation which has made of her a reservoir for the thirsty thousands of 'the city, by raising her water level twenty feet with a dam at the north end, and conveying the water through an aqueduct ninetysix miles long.

We sigh for more time to gaze, but a glance as we Tur-"*!

ride past is all we may percoaches descending dunmail raisemit ourselves. Then, pushing on through beauteous woods, up and down dale, we reach

Keswick at last. It is situated close to Derwentwater, and amid

other attractive places. And therein lies its distinction, for of

itself, 'tis just a busy little market town with perplexing tangles in its street arrangement, and not much to lure the visitor.

Threading our way through the maze, we find the broad, blue lake and, at its edge, a clamorous old boattender who assures us 373 A DAY IN THE ENGLISH LAKELAND

most earnestly that to return without viewing the environs from one of his gasoline launches—fare, one "bob"—would be rank

folly. The restful prospect looks entirely welcome, and boating

delightful, so we heed his warning and clamber aboard; actions

not to be regretted, for Derwentwater appears to us the most fascinating and loveliest lake we have seen on the trip. Its

breadth, its arrangement of green islets, the welltim- bered banks, and, more than all, its background of lofty hills, over which, on this sunny afternoon, a filmy blue haze lingers, make of every man a "silent poet."

Leaning back upon the chair cushions, we rehearse the incidents of the day. Of

DERWENTWATER the heart of "Wordsworthshire"we have received only a passing glimpse, but, be that view ever so transient, it has awakened in us a desire for more careful scrutiny of what wecan understand now more fully than before—"Lake"poetry and

prose. And we have spent a day with nature at her best. If it

be true that "man is a part of all that he has seen,"then we need search no further for the source of a deal of the power of Wordsworth, who saw intensely and loved most deeply this impressive country, his chosen home. Surely, there is great strength in the

hills for him who seeks it.

Just a concluding thought. It has often been said that a

thorough love of travel destroys, or at least interferes, with a love of home, but we believe that, however much one from the

West may be fascinated by the antiquity and beauty of European displays, yet the highest compliment he is able to pay to a foreign: "It is very much like home!"And if thescene appears to be

Lake district of England has its school of poets and other noble and renowned men, we feel that the merited distinction is sure to come to those unselfish and great souls whose lives and efforts have been and are being directed, in those beautiful vales of our own inspiring Rocky Mountains, toward the improvement and benefit of the race.

WIGAN, ENGLAND

A Glimpse ofjthe Salt Works

BY ANNIE KAY HARDY

Even as one is deceived over the extent of the Great Salt

Lake, until he measures its dimensions by sailing over its lovely, treacherous surface, or wandering around its desolate shores, so our party expressed surprise at the extent and importance of the "Salt Ponds"and Mills where from a liquid state by evaporation the fine, pure salt of the Inland Crystal Salt Co. is prepared

for the market.

Leaving the Saltair train at a point necessary to reach our destination, we walked single file along the narrow, raised path.

Could we help thinking of the One who walked beside the "Tideless Sea"of Scripture lands and drew his simple, forceful comparisons from nature's activities

If the salt hath lost its savor, wherewithal shall the earth be salted?

The disturbed cry of a flock of killdeers rang out shrilly as we followed our guide, the superintendent of the works, to the place where we took the "observation"flat car.

The purpose of partitioning off the water, ( which is pumped from the main body of the lake,) into great basins or troughs, so that it may become more and more concentrated, was explained.

A kind of salt floor, or bottom is formed to protect the product from contamination of soil as the mineral settles. Then it

is collected into large heaps in the basins themselves to drain or purify.

The salt is then loaded into the train, which has an engine run by oil so as to keep the forming crystals from cinders or dirt that otherwise would reach it. If, in spite of these precautions,

any impurity tinges the product, ever so slightly, it is used for the cattle on the ranges.

Following this important native product, we watched the unloading from the cars; the processes of crushing and refining in

the mill by skilfully manipulated machinery, until the manysized sacks received it according to its grade of fineness or purpose.

Then the closing of the sacks was accomplished; the smaller ones

by machine, the large ones by hand.

The novice can only wonder at the intelligence and skill that have contributed to perfect machinery to render marketable this most necessary commodity.

Then, we saw the electrical transformer with its tiny fuse wire

A GLIMPSE OF THE SALT WORKS

capable of carrying 45,000 volts. This supplies power and light

for Saltair Pavilion as well as the salt works.

A tremendous pressure moulds and squeezes into shape the great 50pound blocks of salt for cattle. These look like polished

marble.

The finished product finds a market in Washington, Idaho.

Montana, New Mexico, Colorado and Utah.

Operations in this industry were begun in 1878, in a primitive way. Now, with modern mechanical appliances, between forty

and fifty men and a few women are employed the year round.

They occupy small, rustic cottages near the mill, and there is nearby a little school house.

The mill and houses are protected against fire by extinguishing apparatus of their own.

The inexhaustible quantity of salt hidden in that beautiful water offers unlimited possibilities for an extended market of the future. Utah's resources are second to none in our glorious

Union.

After being weighed, kodaked, and surprised into a delicious and welcome luncheon, we parted from our genial entertainer to go home by way of Saltair. Then

A billowy cloud in a perfect sky,

A sweep of wings as the gulls flew by,

A sparkle and glint on the briny wave,

Were some of the joys a sweet day gave.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

The TenDollar Bill* The Confessions of a U. S. Greenback

I am crumpled and creased with the fingers of age

I'm the friend of the banker, the thief and the sage

Society leaders have tested my worth

Of a millionaire's pile I myself am the birth.

ill I've befriended the needy, the good and the

I am known far and wide—I, the TenDollar Bill

Inclosed in a letter, I've traveled for miles

To be met with a wealthy philanthropist's smiles,

To be cast in a vault overladen with gold,

Copyright, 1913, by Walter P. Emmett.

376 IMPROVEMENT ERA

To change hands with another for property sold,

To be hidden from sight in a bartender's till

I, the curse of the drunkard: a TenDollar Bill!

At the risk of a life, on the turf I've been laid,

Where pockets are emptied, and fortunes are made

To be squandered and lost and as quickly regained.

For liquors and poison, my worth has been drained.

I have broken up homes, I've caused humans to kill the TenDollar Bill And be sentenced to death—I,

My notable value has goaded the thief,

Brought tears of repentance and murmurs of grief,

Caused sons to rejoice and fond mothers to sigh,

Caused fathers to question and juniors to lie

Caused burglars to seek me with powder and drill

Bill I'm the father of crime—I, the TenDollar

The miser has placed me away in his hoard

In garrets and cellars for years I've been stored

To be cherished in secret and fondled with greed.

Upon me two gray eyes can constantly feed.

Were the miser in heaven he'd gloat o'er me still the TenDollar Bill I'm the mother of greed—I,

I'm bartered for lives in pawnbrokers'halls,

I fill with expression the gilded "threeballs

For trinkets and trash I am traded and loaned

Where thieves are exalted and bankers dethroned.

The prison and poorhouse I constantly fill the TenDollar Bill I'm the source of regret—I,

But I do not live for the evil, alone

For sins I've contracted, with good I'll atone.

tainted with strife, A boon and a blessing—tho'

Where Hunger assailed I've saved many a life.

When used by sweet Charity's hon'rable will the TenDollar Bill I'm a true "friendin-need"—I,

THE TENDOLLAR BILL 377

I've doctored the blind, and have caused them to see

From the chains of Despair I've set multitudes free

I've cared for the lame and have caused them to walk

I've paid for the cradle and helped it to rock,

Relivened the sick and compounded each pill

Bill All invalids love me—the TenDollar

I've brightened the winter and kept out the cold

I've patronized justice and humored its hold;

I've paid for each comfort that graces the home,

Saved many a son who would wander or roam

I instill A firesidelove in the heart the TenDollar Bill With my winternight coals—I,

I've cherished professions and builded our schools,

Made doctors and lawyers from dunces and fools,

Made wives of distinction that honor the land,

Brought talent to light and made genius expand,

Constructed each factory, warehouse and mill

I'm Industry's joy—I, the TenDollar Bill!

I pay for the railroads—the rover's delight,

The huge carbon lamps that make day out of night, it brings, The steamboat of Commerce, the import it sings, The large ocean cable, the message

The press and the telegraph—all works of skill

I love and respect—I, the TenDollar Bill.

With good and with bad I rank always the same

I starve and make wretched or feed and bring fame.

I comfort the friendless, spent in a good cause

Or I barter the babe to the fierce eagle's claws.

I can change the Andes to a miniature hill

I'm the emblem of might—I, the TenDollar Bill!

Walter P. Emmett.

OGDEN, UTAH Editor's Table

'Joieph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"

We give considerable space in this number of the Era to some articles in reply to a criticism of the Prophet Joseph Smith, published by the Episcopal Bishop of Utah, Rev. F. S. Spalding,

in a recent brochure circulated especially among the students of the Latterday Saints high schools. The criticism deals with the

Pearl of Great Price, and especially with the Book of Abraham, but specifically with the engravings and their significance accompanying the Book of Abraham, and which are designated in the Pearl of Great Price as facsimiles from the Book of Abraham.

The argument which Bishop Spalding sets forth appears to be an attack not only on the Book of Abraham, but on the Book of fact his purpose seems to be to discredit theMormon as well—in

divinity of Joseph Smith's inspiration as a translator. He wishes

to show that since we have only the facsimile plates, which are a small accompaniment to the Book of Abraham, if it can be proved that these are incorrectly translated, we must infer and decide that Joseph Smith, Jr., was not an inspired translator, and

conclude that not only the Book of Abraham but also the Book of Mormon and the "whole body of belief must be repudiated."

He argues that it can only be decided, whether these facsimiles in the Book of Abraham are correctly translated by submitting the original records to scientific men. So he has submitted them

to eight recognized authorities of Egyptology in Europe and the

United States. Their apparently hurried and seemingly poorly

considered replies are printed in his book, and they agree in this much, though they differ from one another in many other points, that Joseph Smith's translation is not correct. Their testimony,

however, to Dr. Spalding is complete, and hence his conclusion that

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"is incorrect and in consequence "Mormonism"is doomed to failure.

In the articles presented in this number of the Era, and in others on hand and to be printed, issue is taken with the Bishop

EDITOR'S TABLE 379

in his conclusions. We believe it is clearly shown that his argument, in the first place, is misleading if not fallacious; that the

savants consulted may have been prejudiced beforehand, and made no real scientific investigation of the translations of the prophet that they differ from each other materially in their conclusions that upon investigation the translation of the Prophet Joseph agrees with, rather than differs from, the most modern and reliable information that can be obtained; and that therefore

Joseph Smith was inspired in the translation of the facsimiles from the Book of Abraham.

This becomes clearer when it is considered that, at the time little was knownhe made the translation of the Book of Abraham, of Egyptology, and scant study had been made of Egyptian writings. Furthermore, he was young and inexperienced in the

lore of the world, and it would have been impossible to accomplish what he did without the inspiration of God. The Latterday Saints maintain that while there was some difference between

the methods of translation used by the prophet in the translation; that while of the Book of Abraham and the Book of Mormon

( and he applied his own mind as far as he could, in all his work, his mind expanded in intelligence as he grew in age and experience,) yet in all his work he was divinely inspired—in his

translations, his revelations, and his wonderful personal direction in the establishment of the work of God known as the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, "the marvelous work and a wonder"predicted by the ancient prophets that should be founded upon the earth in the latter days.

it. but nevertheless we testify to these Men may not believe

truths. They did not believe that Jesus was the Christ—he was

whom he was a sign callrepudiated by his own generation, unto ing to repentance. He said:

-The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts

of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon: and, behold, a greater than

Solomon is here."—Luke 11:31.

As they did not believe in the divinity of the Christ, so also men repudiate the divine inspiration of the Prophet Joseph, who it is the testimony of the Latteris a true witness of Jesus. But

380 IMPROVEMENT ERA

day Saints that Joseph Smith is an inspired prophet sent of God with the true message of salvation to the sons of men; that the

work he did was inspired; that the Church which he was instrumental in founding is the Church of God, and that the doctrines

which he taught are the restored, plain, and simple principles of the gospel taught by the Lord Jesus Christ for the salvation of all mankind. We invite all men, in all the earth, to investigate, to

repent of their sins, and to be baptized by those who have received divine authority, thus submitting their lives to the saving ordinances of the gospel, and the unfailing promise is that they shall receive the Holy Ghost to be their surpassing daily light and joy, and their eternal guide and comfort.

Not only do we testify that Joseph Smith was inspired when he gave to the world the Pearl of Great Price, but we declare that it was by the inspiration and power of God that he translated the

Book of Mormon, organized the Church of Christ, and gave mankind the precious revelations contained in the Doctrine and Covenants; and it is our firm belief that scientific investigation and

discovery will confirm our testimony, rather than weaken or repudiate it.

Joseph F. Smith.

Messages from the Missions

Elder E. W. Richardson writes from Toluca, Mexico, November

13: "We are almost completely surrounded by rebels, making it

difficult for us to visit friends and investigators, but we are able to keep busy and are making many friends, particularly among the wellto-do people. Our only danger in visiting is in being robbed, since

we would'be counted among the rich by the revolutionists who appear to be fighting the power of wealth, or the haciendos, who are owners of large tracts of land and are little better than slave drivers.

Our lives are in no danger, and we desire to set the minds of our families and friends at rest on that score. The newspaper reporters,

some of them, are much inclined to exaggerate the conditions. The

work here is prospering as well as if there were no war in the land.

We expect to baptize from eight to twelve people at our next conference, making twentyfive in the last six months in this conference where two to six elders have been working."

Elder Wilford C. Brimley, clerk of the Nottingham conference,

writes, November 14: "At our conference on November 8, we had

NOTTINGHAM CONFERENCE, SEPTEMBER 8, 1912

Back Row: J. S. Hemming, Rexburg, Idaho; L. M. Brown, Cardston, Canada; R. B.

Call, Afton, Wyoming; W. L. Evans, Parowan, Utah; J. J. Whetton, Salt Lake City;

W. J. Sessions, Clearfield, Utah; W. Rawlings, Fairview, Idaho. Second Row: E. H.

Adams, Clifton, Idaho; J. W. Haslam, Salt Lake City; Chas. Buck, Smithfield, Utah;

O. L. Thomas, Bountiful,"Utah; W. C. Hunter, Salt Lake Citv; D. M. Davis, Bountiful,

Utah; Pres. A. T. Smith, Clearfield, Utah; J. H. Davis, Salt Lake City. Third Row:

T. F. Hardy, Salt Lake City; W. C. Brimley (Conference secretary), Salt Lake City;

T. S. Wheatley (Conference president), Honeyville, Utah; Rudger Clawson (Mission

president), Salt Lake City; T. E. Winegar (incoming president), Woods Cross, Utah;

E. Taft Benson (Mission secretary), Trenton, Utah; I. C. Wood, Yvoods Cross, Utah.

Front Row: Thos. Martin, Evanston, Wyoming; A. T. Henson, Cardston, Canada;

B. L. Gilbert, Whitney, Idaho; O. B. Thurgood, Bountiful, Utah.

three sessions, exceptionally well attended. In the eveningCobden

Hall was filled to overflowing. Many friends and investigators were

present. Each elder spoke with conviction under the direction of tinHoly Spirit. The spiritual condition of the branches of the Church

here is very gratifying. The elders are united and nearly alp the

Saints attend meeting and pay their tithes, and heartily support the elders. The Saints preach the gospel by precept as.well as by example, and bring their friends to meeting. Since January 1st we have

baptized twentyfour people. Considering the opposition and the

bitter persecution some of the papers have waged against us this year and last, we feel that the Lord has greatly blessed us in our efforts to teach the gospel."

Elder W. C. Davidson writes from Dublin, Ireland. November 9:

"We have been very successful this season, both in our hall and outdoor meetings. Last May we moved into a beautiful hall and are continually seeing new faces who have mustered the courage to listen

to what the 'Mormons'have as a message for the world. The Saints

are sincere in their work, and have extra strong testimonies of the gospel. They are being blessed spiritually and temporally and pay

their tithes regularly. They bear their testimonies with spirit, ami

continually testify to the world that the gospel has been restored, and that Joseph Smith is a prophet of God. Often they mv.tefnends

to their homes and ask us elders to explain the gospel to them."

382 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder D. William Evans, writing from Launciston, Tasmania,

reports that missionary work last year was discontinued in that place, but that since January of 1912 Elders Bingham and Wright have revived the work and made a number of good friends, not many of whom, however, are very much interested in the gospel. The people

here seem to take very little interest in any religion, but there is very little prejudice among them. "We have, however, to contend with the

spirit of indifference. Elder Bingham is released and left for his home

on the September boat."

Elders Wm. B. Welker and Frank L. Winter,

writing from Hinton, W. Va., say: "We are pleased

to report that we have had very good success during August and September, working in this part of the Lord's vineyard, having baptized seventeen, blessed seven children and held thirtyone wellat- tended meetings, also disposed of several small books and other literature. The people here seem

to be very interested in the message which has been brought to their doors, and extended an invitation to us to call again.

At present we are in the small city of Hinton, W. Va., where we

expect to locate for the winter months."

Brevik is a small city on the southeastern coast of Norway.

Three Elders recently visited Brynild Isaksen, a veteran Elder residing there, whose life is a remarkable story;hich inspires one in his presence to faithfulness and good works. He was born at

Nellefos, Norway, May 16, 1825, and later removed to Brevik where, in 1852, the first conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of 1 atterday Saints was organized in Norway.

On November 5, 1852, of the same year he was baptized a member of the Church by. Larsen and confirmed April 11, 1853, by

Swend Larsen. He was ordained an elder

on January 15, 1857. by H. P. Lund. Durirg all these years he has been a true and

faithful defender of the cause. Some years

ago his wife, who was also a faithful member of the Church, died, and several of his sons have met death at sea. He has a daughter and a grandson in

Boston, where the latter is an officer in the United States navy. Elder

Isaksen is still holding the position of shipping clerk at the Brevik docks, though now in his 88th year. He has been a tithepayer ever

since he joined the Church, and though he has never seen the peaceful vales of the Rocky mountains, he has now in his possession the genealogy of 443 dead relatives for whom work has been performed in the

EDITOR'S TABLE 383

temples of God. To remember the 60th anniversary of his birth into

the Church, the elders of the Christiania conference, on the 5th of

November last, sent him a small token and a tribute of respect for his faithfulness in the Church. He remains a living monument

matking the introduction of the gospel to Norway, and the unwritten history of its progress since its introduction sixty years ago. His

memory will live in the hearts of the Norwegian Latterday Saints, and he will be remembered for generations by the elders at home and abroad. The elders are Arno W.- Sorensen, Victor D. Nielsen, and

Olaf Anderson, who writes the above for the Era.

Elder A. R. Cook, president of the Norwich Conference of the

British Mission, writes, October 29: "The work of the Lord is progressing in this district as well as can be expected. In spite of the

fact that many of the newspapers and magazines have done all in their power to prejudice the people against us and our message by telling some of the worst lies that were ever printed, we have baptized fift;en new members during the past six months. In my estimation

this is qr.ile encouraging when one considers the obstacles that have

been placed in our path. The elders are energetic in their work and

are doing the best they can to convince the people both by doctrine and by their lives that they are the servants of the Lord."Elders

right to left: E. W. Carter, Preston, Idaho; J. A. Wood, Salt Lake

City, Utah; J. L. Nelson, Lorenzo, Idaho; A. Willardson, Mayfield,

Utah; J. R. Pendry, Paris, Idaho; W. Bennion, Salt Lake City; E.

Weaver Paris, Idaho; sitting: F. D. Ashdown, Bountiful; Conference

President A. R. Cook, Syracuse; Mission President Rudger Clawson,

Conference Clerk A. T. Johnson, Rigby, Idaho; A. B. Mendenhall,

Mapleton, Utah.

384 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder P. J. Welch writes from Belfast, Ireland, November 18:

"The work of the Lord is prospering in the land where the Shamrock grows. We have a prosperous branch in Dublin. The Saints attend

meetings well, and live the requirements of the.

gospel to the best of their ability. They

seem to prosper and are successful in business and pay their tithes. It is inspiring to hear the testimonies at

our fast meetings, where they speak of the goodness of the Lord to them and testify of the truth of the gospel. Perhaps there is no

place on earth where the feeling is so bitter between Catholic and

Protestant as here. Persecution is often great and it is hard to turn

the people from the religion of their fathers, but it is encouraging to have some of them come forth and embrace the gospel. Elders left

to right: W. A. Noble, Smithfield; P. J. Welch, Paradise; H. L. Sterling, Spanish Fork; W. C. Davidson, Salt Lake City, Utah."

Elder D. Rolla Harris, writing from Pittsburg, Pa., November 29,

says:, "The elders and Saints in this group visited the Heinze Pickle

factory November 18. Names left to right: Elders H. J. Richards,

C. A. Wilcox, George S. Williams, A. A. Despain; second row: Elders

Jerome Glany, D. P. Lindsay, George B. Davis, J. C. Siddoway, D.

Rolla Harris, J. A. Ainscough, Harry McCarroll, Earl B. Collings;

third row: Elder Frank Bacon, Sister Anna Smith, A. E. Rhinehart,

EDITOR'S TABLE 385

G. W. Smith, Elder Hugh Fackerell, Sisters Madeline Poulis, Pearl

Critchlow, E. E. Orr."

Robert H. Sorensen writes from Copenhagen, November 15: "The

fall conference in Copenhagen was well attended and a good spirit prevailed. Reports showed that during the past six months dating

back from November 15—seventeen elders distributed 70,445 tracts,

3,563 books and booklets, visited 26,461 strangers'homes; held 2,162

gospel conversations and 554 meetings. There were 29 baptisms and

four children blessed and 26 were ordained to the Priesthood. The

membership in this conference at present is 799. The tithing has

doubled during the past six months. Prospects for success and

greater results are promising, and we feel that the Lord is with us in our work. Elders left to right, standing: Simon Christensen, Jr.,

L. Hansen,Richfield; C. Earl Ander, Hyrum; I. Arel Jensen, N.

Brigham City; Peter C. Lundgreen, Monroe; Lars Jensen, Mapleton;

Alvin R. Christopherson, Salt Lake City, Utah; James Anderson,

Oakley, Idaho; Peter W. Kjar, Salt Lake City; Alfred E. Peterson,

Sale Lake City; sitting: August Knebelau, Salt Lake City; J. Henry

Christensen, Centerfield; John S. Hansen, "Star"writer, Miller ward,

Salt Lake City; Martin Christopherson, Mission president; Henry A.

Bjorkman, Conference president, Newton; Robert H. Sorensen, Mission secretary, Salt Lake City, and Aaron P. Christiansen, Mayfield,

Utah."

President Franklin J. Hewlett, of the South African Mission,

writes, Nov. 8: "I have just returned from a nine weeks'trip through

the South African mission, traveling 3,070 miles, visiting the Saints and friends, both in a gathered and scattered condition. I am thankful to

say that I have had the pleasure of meeting practically all of them.

Many had not seen elders for over a year. We had glorious times at

our meetings. The elders are in splendid health and spirits, and

doing their best to push along the work in truth and righteousness."

386 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder Henry W. Hansen, writes from Amsterdam, Holland, Nov.

29: "During the past year many have been brought to a knowledge

of the truth in this district through the efforts of the missionaries and

Saints. The Saints do quite as much

good in preaching the gospel as do the missionaries themselves. They

have a better opportunity to converse with their friends. We encourage

them to do their best in this respect.

We are not bothered with much opposition in the Netherlands. The

Hutch people are a peaceloving people, and are willing to give each person an equal oportunity to defend his religion. Now and fhen some lowclass moving picture theaters present

such films as 'A Victim of the 'Mormons,'''The Pearl of Utah, or the

'Flower of the 'Mormons.'These

only tend to stir up curiosity and bring many to an investigation of the gospel. Instead of hindering the work, therefore, they boost it

along. We have five branches in this conference. The elders are

united, and feel that not only this year, but next, will be prosperous and fruitful. We have many earnest investigators. Elders, left to

right: Henry W. Hansen, R. W. Eardley, mission president; William

E. McCullough, all from the Third ward, Salt Lake City."

Elder T. Ray Bell, of Richmond, Utah, and Douglas T. Murdock,

of Heber City, Utah, write from Lincolnshire, England, Nov. 22:

"The fact that our branch here at Gainsborough has withstood the 'roll of persecution'waged against us in England, and practically all over the European '"u "evidence that m 'ss '""ves nk. -J fefe.

Sftlm -l the work of the Lord is prois L jflj gressing in this town, which f the leading iron foundry | gj Wl one /**5 towns of old England. We have

a fully organized branch, and each separate organization is doing active work. Our members are faithful and energetic, and with their help the elders have

been gaining the good will of many who have heretofore opposed us."

Elder Jesse H. Nielsen, president of the conference at Trondhjem,

EDITOR'S TABLE 387

Norway, writes, November 20: "We are striving to bring souls unto

Christ. The opposition here has been very bitter, especially in the

cities. The priests have so blinded the people that the name 'Mormon'

is very offensive to them, but we are finding some who are friendly toward us. The Lord is good to us and with his help we are going

to succeed. The elders, first row, left to right: H. K. Anderson, Jesse

*5 Rl f3 9 JL

*5 -.. Ai.MIB?-

H. Nielsen, conference president; Martin Christopherson, mission

president; Fred C. Michelsen, retiring Conference president; Arlaugh

Michelsen, Hilliard Michelsen. Second row: John E. Christensen,

Charles C. Sorensen, Leroy L. Larsen, L. Walter Johnson, Eric A

Cramer."

Elder Alfred C. Larsen, secretary of the Christiania Conference,

Norway, writes, November 2: "One feature of our semiannual conference, held here October 12th to 14th, which will no doubt be of

interest to some of our Era readers, was the unveiling of a beautiful oil painting in our large hall, the subject being "Christ at the Sea of

Galilee, Choosing Some of His Apostles."During the summer

months the elders spent much time and means in the country preaching the gospel in the districts where perhaps 'Mormon'elders hitherto had never before placed their feet. Thousands of tracts and books

were distributed to many homes. Both the poor farmers and rich

land owners had their doors lightened by the presence of the humble servants of the Lord who in firmness, humbleness and sincerity explained the principles of the gospel and bore testimony to its truth.

Twentynine persons have been baptized here during the past six months. We have many friends and investigators, and the prospects

for the future are good. The harvest is great but the laborers are

few. We owe to the world talented young men of ability and special

388 IMPROVEMENT ERA

qualifications to preach the gospel to the refined and educated people of the world—may the youth of Zion prepare themselves for the ministry, for there is a need and a place for all.

Elder J. Harvey Langford, secretary of the California mission,

writes from Los Angeles, Cal., November 5: "The people of California are becoming acquainted with us and the message we have for

them. Many honest and liberal citizens are watching the progress of

our work or are investigating the restored gospel. During the past

nine months an average of thirtyfive elders has labored in the mission. The report for this period shows that 104,067 tracts, 277 standard Church works, and 1,351 small books have been distributed, 31,442

families of strangers were visited, 410 openair meetings and 210 cottage meetings were held and 54 baptisms performed.

The elders of the Los Angeles Conference are: Back row from

left: H. C. Jolley, Glendale; A. B. Christensen, Richfield; David

Smith, Fillmore, Utah; P. P. Skriver, Aetna, Alberta, Canada. Second

row: V. Clyde Cummings Salt Lake City; Adelbert Holladay, 'Eden,

Ariz.; D. Henry Manning, Garland, Utah; T. Le Roy Pickett, Clawson,

Idaho; Walter A. Knudsen, Provo; D. W. Chugg, Providence; Martin

J. Moody, Hinkley. Front: Clarence Cummings, conference clerk,

Salt Lake City; Jos. P. Payne, conference president, Clearfield; Jos

E. Robinson, mission president; J. Harvey Langford, mission secretary, San Jose, Mexico; Edward L. Simpson, Kamas, Utah."

Priesthood Quorums Table

Elder George Barton Taylor, son of

Joseph J. Taylor and Malinda Barton,

born Sept. 19, 1885, at Manti, Utah, died

Nov. 14, 1912, at Denver, Colo. Elder

Taylor left his home for the mission field

Dec. 15, 1911, and labored in Trinidad,

Colorado Springs, and a short time in

Pueblo, where he was taken sick with typhoid fever. He leaves his wife, Mary

Mabel Anderson Taylor, and one child,

Bessie, aged one year, eight months, who reside at Manti; his mother, three brothers, and four sisters, who reside at Magrath, Canada. He died in the harness

of the priesthood, doing faithful work.

Men Who Remember Seeing the Prophet Joseph.—At a meeting

of the High Priests'quorum of the Granite Stake of Zion, Dec. 15, the

program consisted of short talks by members who had personally known the Prophet Joseph Smith. The following brethren responded:

George Wilding, Hunter, who when he was eleven years old, had first seen the Prophet, and had later worked for him two years; Jacob

Peart, who, at the age of nine, saw him while speaking in Nauvoo;

W. W. Moesser, Hunter ward, who, at nine years of age, and at his

mother's home, remembered sitting upon the knees of the Prophet;

Henry Home, Farmers ward, who, at the age of nine, at his father's home, remembered sitting upon the Prophet's knee; Lewis A. Huffaker, Forest Dale, who, when five years old, remembered the trouble

in Nauvoo, and having seen the Prophet about that time. He remembered having been kept in the house while a fight was going on, and

that a cannon ball took away part of the picket fence; Joseph A.

Fisher, Forest Dale, who, at the age of three, so his mother told him, had been held by the Prophet in his arms, and can just remember having heard him preach; Stephen W. Taylor, Waterloo, who, at the age

of five, remembered the Prophet as he saw him riding a horse at a soldiers'drill; Edward Morgan, Mill Creek, who, at the age of five,

remembered seeing the Prophet dead, and the people weeping and crying over the loss of their leader; also Edward Webb. South Cottonwood. Belonging to the same quorum was Job Smith of Suear

ward, who was confined to his bed with sickness and who has since passed to his reward. He was sixteen years of age when he first saw

the Prophet. The meeting was very entertaining to the younger members. Besides the information which was given concerning the Prophet,

some very strong testimonies of the divinity of his mission were given by the brethren who spoke.

Mutual Work

A Slogan for Larger Membership

To Stake and Ward Officers Y. M. M. I. A.,

Dear Brethren: Ask yourselves this question: have you as many

members in your Y. M. M. I. A. as you ought to have?

It has been learned by the General Board from reports received on Stake Work that a large number of the associations throughout the

Church have appointed no membership or missionary committees.

Little, if any, missionary work in consequence has been done to increase the attendance and membership of the associations.

This condition is unfortunate. The General Board have instructed

this committee to call your attention to the need of having a membership committee in each association, and that there is great need for the committees doing active work towards increasing the attendance in the associations.

Mutual work is two fold. The object of obtaining membership

is, first, to get the boy into the association; and, second, to so interest

him that he may stay there.

To keep the boy in the association our organization has provided, first, preliminary programs; second, class study; third, social work;

fourth, joint sessions, once each month with the young ladies; fifth,

open night programs jointly with the young ladies; sixth, athletic and

M. I. A. Scout work; seventh, an M. I. A. Day at the close of the

season.

What are your associations doing in these activities? We think

there is variety enough under these seven headings to make our organization the most interesting in the Church for the young men. By

organizing membership committees and putting them to work, the boy may be enrolled in the Mutual so that he may take advantage of these specific activities provided in your Y. M. M. I. A.

The first step necessary is to appoint a lively membership committee in each stake, then in each ward association. These committees

may consist of one, two, or three men who are specially fitted and qualified by experience to do the necessary work among the young men. The officers of the stake should fix their responsibilities, and

define their duties. The committees should then be set to work, and

their work should be checked up at zveekly meetings, by the stake and association officers. Specific reports should be made of their labors

and of the conditions which they meet.

The work should be done with system and in earnestness. First,

all eligible members in the ward above 14 years of age should be

MUTUAL WORK 391

solicited, and listed by the committee, on their promising to become members. This list will be the permanent roll of the association.

Having thus prepared the permanent roll,. the active roll will consist

of those who attend one or more meetings during the season, and the missionary work should be done among those on the permanent roll, and among others who have not attended the association, and also, of course, among those who are delinquent in the active roll.

To keep a record of the work, the card system may be adopted.

By this a history of each individual may be kept, and a record of the work. accomplished with and by him may be made.

The membership committee should labor personally with each young man, for this missionary work is necessarily individual. The

members of the committee should study the nature of the boy and his companions. They should enlist the services of the bishop, the

M. I. A. officers, parents, and ward teachers, and should be in close

touch with the class leaders and the directors of the various activities of the association, such as the social work, the debates, the orations, the storytelling, athletics, boy scouts, etc. Members of the committee should not only attend the studyclass, but the social functions,

the class parties, skating parties, sleighriding parties, and other functions, so that they may be made thoroughly familiar with the social conditions and intellectual activities of the organization and the boys.

It is not too late to begin this work this season. If these committees are organized, set to work now, and properly checked up by

the officers of the associations, at their weekly meetings, it will be a good beginning for the fall campaign for membership.

It is particularly desired that the officers of the Y. M. M. I. A.

shall make a specialty of this membership committee work early next season, say early in October, so as to start the organization with a full membership; and then, of course, put forth continued effort to

enroll such eligible young men as have not been induced to join in the early part of the season.

In a number of wards that have tried this system, the membership has been increased all the way from 25 to 75 and 100 per cent, and we believe that this can be done in nearly every organization in the

I. A. out Church. Instead of having eight members in the Y. M. M.

of every 100 Church members in the ward, we should make the average in the Church at least 15 per cent, which is still below the average of our best associations.

Let the officers of each stake and ward consider their annual reports and ascertain whether or not the per cent that ought to be enrolled in their stakes and wards are active members in the Mutual

Improvement Association. At least 10 per cent of the Church population should be actively engaged in Mutual Improvement Work, and

this should be the standard for the coming season that the officers of the stakes and wards should work to.

392 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Get the boy into the association, and make it worth while for him to stay there,"is the slogan we should adopt.

Your brethren, Committee on Stake Work of General Board Y. M. M. I. A.

By Heber J. Grant, Chairman.

February Class in Athletics

On Monday, February 10, the second M. I. A. Normal Training

Course for this season will be opened at the Deseret Gymnasiumnd will continue for four weeks. This will permit the young men

to return home in time for the spring plowing. While it is desirable

that young men be called to take this course who have sufficient education and ability to become leaders, it is assmned that most men of this type are so engaged in business and professional duties that they could take the work only at a great sacrifice.

It is, therefore, considered wise to open this course to young men who may not be identified with Mutual work, and who may now be spending their time to very little purpose at home. These men would be immeasurably benefited by taking this course, and in many instances

would develop into successful leaders and trainers. The nature of the

work is such that it becomes fascinating to boys who ofttimes find little or no interest in other activities. Many young men are neither

able nor qualified to go on foreign missions, but could and would, if they were called, take this course, and we are safe in saying that no other brief mission would be of greater benefit to them. It is suggested that at least one or more young men in each ward be called to

take this work at his own expense. Instructions in field and track

events, scout work, swimming, games and dancing, will be given. The

work is all given by experienced teachers, who are experts in their lines. The classes meet five hours each day. The expense for board,

tuition, books, gymnasium suit, etc., need not exceed $35.

Bountiful Scout Banquet

On December 13, 1912, the Bountiful M. I. A. Scouts gave their

first annual banquet under the direction of L. D. Briggs, the scout

leader. Thirtytwo boys made up the troop. The affair was given in

honor of the boys'parents, all of whom were present. The program

of toasts was the following, L. F. Muir acting as toastmaster: "What

the Boy Scouts Can Do for Bountiful,"Mayor Charles R. Mabey;

"The Clean Young Man,"John R. Rampton; "The ColdWater Cure,"

President Joseph H. Grant; "The Boy as the Future Business Man,"

Richard Stringham; "The Man and the Maid,"Apostle Heber J. Grant;

MUTUAL WORK 393

"The Relation of Scout and Parent,"John H. Taylor; "The Boy on

the Farm,"Prof. Lewis; 'The Athletic Young Man,"E. Conway Ashton; "The Country Boy,"Prof. W. M. Stewart; "Pioneer Trails in Salt

Lake Valley,"Brigham H. Roberts. During the serving of refreshments and between the toasts, the Scout band and the Scout chorus

rendered several musical selections.

The Third Y. M. M. I. A. Normal Training Class

Commenced November 25, 1912, and closed December 20. The

Y. L. M. I. A. course was given at the same time, and was under the

direction of Miss Anna Nebeker, physical director of women at the

Deseret Gymnasium. On the afternoon of the 20th a luncheon was

tendered to the classes by the General Boards of the two associations.

Front row, left to right: Fern Chipman, American Fork, Alpine

stake; Myrtle Dalrymple, Montpelier, Bear Lake stake; Harvey Young,

Fruitland, Young stake; Nellie Howson, Nephi, Juab stake; Anna

Huisser, Weston, Oneida stake; Lucretis Lyman, Grayson, San Juan

stakeBelle Stringham, Bountiful, Davis stake. Back row: Robert

Richardson, instructor; Dr. John H. Taylor, M. I. A. scout director;

Clarence A. Oldroyd, Fountain Green, South Sanpete stake; John Collins Paris, Bear Lake stake; Arthur Cahoon, Deseret, Deseret stake;

Norman S. Felsted, Thomas, Blackfoot stake; Willard Chnstensen,

Oak City, Deseret stake; Henry Voyce, Oakley, Cassia stake; Benjamin Harker, instructor; William E. Day, physical director Deseret

Gymnasium. Besides these, three others attended the class, viz., F. J.

Nye, Albion, Cassia stake; Elmer Wheeler, Kimball, Alta., Canada;

and Sylva Lovell, Oak Creek, Deseret stake, Utah.

By Faith We Stand.-"Happily by faith we stand under many

things we do not understand."-George H. Brimhall.

Church School Department

The Purpose cf Founder's Day.—This paper was read at the celebration of Founders'day at the 'Oneida Stake Academy, by H. R.

Merrill: We are met here today to celebrate the birthday of our beloved institution, which has successfully baltled the storms and the hardships of twentyfive long years, and to do honor to the memory of him who brought it into being. It has been a custom with man since very

early days to commemorate deeds of importance by means of appropriate celebrations. This procedure seems to have received divine

favor, for, in the day when Israel was delivered from the hands of the destroyer, while yet they sojourned in the land of Egypt, the Lord himself instituted a yearly celebration which was called the Passover, by means of which that act of Divine Providence was kept continuously before the minds of the people. Since that time the Israelites have preserved that timehonored tradition which has come down

to our day as one of their most important sacraments.

Nearly all nations have a thanksgiving time. The ancient Hebrews

called their celebration Pentecost, and upon that day the people would assemble and give thanks unto God for his great and good gifts; for

the bounteous harvests and the health and comfort of his people. Our

nation has many such yearly celebrations; our Church has others, but

the Oneida stake has one also. Our traditions, our sacred memories,

cling about this one day—Founder's Day! This is our Pentecost, our

thanksgiving time. We are met here, not altogether to thank the

Great Giver for a harvest of wheat or of hay, but for the conditions which make possible a great and bounteous harvest of bright, intelligent souls! We are here to thank him because twentyfive years ago,

while yet this fair plain was barren; while Preston was but a garden

spot in a wilderness of sage, he moved upon a noble leader of our

Church, and lo, this beloved institution was born. This monument

was set up in a desert place around which our people might rally to the call of education. The influence that such an institution has in a

community is sometimes overlooked by the careless or the unthinking, but never by the trained student of humanity. A seminary of learning

is as a light set upon a hill. It sheds its radiance upon all who are afar

off; its celestial rays penetrate to the darkest depths of the human

heart. As the puny flowed of the shaded canyon lift their heads to

the light of the sun, so, unconsciously, do individuals respond to the genial rays which proceed from it, and their souls are lifted up; their

aims are raised; their aspirations are heightened, and many become

masters of their own lives. History bears me out in this statement.

CHURCH SCHOOL DEPARTMENT 395

Nearly three hundred years ago, away back in 1636, those brave Puritan forefathers of ours, realizing what education meant to a people, caused their general court to vote four hundred pounds for the purpose of establishing a college at Newton. Two years later John Harvard gave his large and valuable library, and donated seven hundred

and fifty pounds to the new institution which took his name and became one of the very greatest of our educational shrines. Harvard

University will stand as a glorious monument to his name as long as time shall last.

Now let us see what that Founder's Day meant to Boston and

New England. Let us see if all that work was worth while; if the

college was a light set upon a hill; if she did raise the aims of her

devoted subjects. Of course, an affirmative reply is already found in

every mind present here today, because ever since our district school days, we have heard Boston spoken of as the Athens of America, the hub, the center of culture. The seeds of her power were planted at

Newton, which has since become Cambridge, upon that great day in 1636. In later years the light which had been kindled and which had

been kept aglow by John Harvard, drew from the rocky soil of New

England to dizzy heights of fame, a number of boys who became the most brilliant men in our nation's history. Whittier, Longfellow,

Lowell, Emerson, Holmes, Grey, Adams and a Host of others were moved upon by the spirit of that great seminary, and as a result they have shed light unto the whole world by means of their immortal writings, and the end is not yet. What is true of Harvard is true of

other large universities, and of secondary schools, to a lesser degree, of course. Since very early times empire has set her face toward the

Occident; her course is toward the setting sun, conesquently the centers of learning are gradually moving westward. One hundred years

ago the great city of Chicago was but a frontier fort, but she grew in importance until the seeds of another great university were planted there on the shores of Lake Michigan, where they were carfully nourished, until today the University of Chicago is taking her place among the foremost schools of our land, and here again the refining, elevating influence of culture is felt. Young men and young women by the

thousands are going up to that institution every year to drink from the fountains of knowledge.

From the Oneida Stake Academy, with her two hundred students, to Harvard with her thousands, may seem a long step, but American life abounds in such paradoxes—it is a big step from a log cabin to

the White House; from rail splitter to president. All great men commence life in the cradle; most institutions grow from small beginnings, but the heights to which the man shall attain are determined

only by his own potential powers; the institution has no limits of

growth.

This Academy is small, but has sprung from selected seeds, culti396 IMPROVEMENT ERA

vated by the most careful and prayerful thought of the worthy pioneers of this section, therefore, its power of evolution is infinite. Even

now, from her everburning taper small candles have been, and others may yet be, lighted, whose flames may become so brilliant that the whole world may be illuminated. The purpose of this celebration,

then, is the perpetuation of the name of President John Taylor, who, through inspiration from on high, brought this institution into being.

We meet once a year to do honor to his sacred memory, and to the memories of all the honest souls who contributed their hardearned means toward the erection of this building, and to tender our loyal support to this our school.

We believe that this course is right, since this institution has done as much toward the uplifting of our people as any other influence which has been at work in our community; it has done more toward

planting in the hearts of young women and young men a desire to be somebody than any other institution outside of the home. It has discouraged the scrubs. It has set up a standard of excellence which will

help to draw every individual of our community up to its own level.

It is shaping, to a certain extent, the ideals and the characters of every boy and every girl of this stake, whether they ever enter these portals or not. Founder's Day is, therefore, the day of days unto us!

The business men of our city today are paying a beautiful tribute to our institution and to the memory of its noble founder, by closing their shops. We believe that they can well afford to do so, to gather

here and draw from the spirit of this institution and these exercises new strength and desires to aid them in their future lives. It is upon

such occasions as these that we gain the power to hear the songs which are always to be heard somewhere, if the heart be perfectly attuned:

There is ever a song somewhere, my dear;

There is ever a something sings alway:

There's the song of the lark when the skies are clear,

And the song of the thrush when the sky is gray.

The sunshine showers across the grain.

And the bluebird trills in the orchard tree;

And in and out, when the eaves drip rain,

The swallows are twittering ceaselessly.

There is ever a song somewhere, my dear,.

Be the skies above or dark or fair,

There is ever a song that our hearts may hear—

There is ever a song somewhere, my dear

There is ever a song, somewhere!

There is ever a song somewhere, my dear.

In the midnight black, or the midday blue;

The robin pipes when the sun is here,

And the'cricket chirrups the whole night through;

The buds may blow, and the fruit may grow,

And the autumn leaves drop crisp and sear;

But whether the sun, or the rain, or the snow,

There is ever a son,a: somewhere, my dear!

CHURCH SCHOOL DEPARTMENT 397

There is ever a song somewhere, my dear,

Be the skies above or dark or fair,

There is ever a song that our hearts may hear

There is ever a song somewhere, my dear!

Whitcomb Riley.—James

Dr. George H. Brimhall was sixty years of age, on December 9,

last. The College Club Committee, of the Brigham Young University congratulated him thus:

"Sixty years! Sixty years of actual time, but more than a century

of real life, if measured by the poet's standard,—heartthrobs. A life

of devotion to God and your fellow men. A life of intense love and

keen suffering. An illustrious examole of social efficiency. An inspiration to thousands.

On your sixtieth birthday we extend to you our heartiest greetings.

Accept our endorsement of your noble life, and our sincere wishes that it may yet be lengthened many years. May you continue to enjoy

health, peace, the confidence of your fellow man, and the approval of your God.

Sincerely, The College Club, By the Executive Committee: Charles Schwenche, John G. Gubler,

Glenn Johnson, A. L. Kelley, Pearl Romney.

Thousands of his students and other friends in this intermountain country will join with the Era in endorsing the sentiments contained in the above note and join with us in wishing Dr. Brimhall many years

yet of a useful and happy life.

Elder Brimhall writes as a reply to the good wishes of his friends:

"I doubly appreciate the sentiment expressed in the greeting.

First, because of the approval of my efforts, but more because of the mercies and direct support of my Father in heaven, in giving me health and strength to do what little I have done in the last decade.

Ten years ago my birthday found me an invalid with no hope, from a human point of view, of ever working again, except as a health hunter. I was then in California on that business, an object of great

anxiety and trouble to myself and friends. Intellectual calculations held

out no hope, but faith, or spirituality, gave me the assurance that I would work again. In the light of science I was sentenced to the

"scrap pile;"in the warmth of the spirit of prophecy I was promised

a place in the field of service. During nine and onehalf years of the

last decade, my ability to work has been a progressive fulfilment of promises made me in the name of the Lord, by Elders Owen Woodruff, John W. Taylor, J. Golden Kimball and Joseph E. Taylor. I have

but one object in referring to the matter, in any way, and that is the increase of faith in the promises of the Lord made through the priesthood. My new lease of active life has been a period of greater fulness

and more exquisite sweetness than that of any other. In the face of

the pitying glances and discouraging consolations of my friends. I

knew that my Redeemer lived, as well as I know now in this hour of prosperity and encouragement, that he lives. If I keep the faith I shall

be redeemed from death as certainly as I was redeemed from that condition of physical illness.

G. H. Brimhall.

Passing Events

The Utah State Legislature, tenth session, convened on Monday noon, January 13, 1913. Senator Henry Gardner, of Spanish Fork,

Utah county, was elected president of the Senate, and Representative

W. J. Seeley, of Emery county, was chosen Speaker of the House.

Utah Stands High in Educational Circles. As an illustration of

this fact, it may be stated that five graduates of the Utah Agricultural

College, during one week in January, received federal appointments from the Argentine republic, South America, as agricultural, experts, at salaries of $2,000 per year, with expenses, travel, board and room, paid.

The greatest average of ward teaching. From the report for the

three months ending September 30, recently compiled in the Presiding

Bishop's office, it appears that the greatest average of families visited were in the stakes named in the following order: Ogden, Bear River,

Union, Moapa, and North Weber. These five stakes stood at the

head of the list.

Raymond Nicholas Landry Poincare, for the last twelve months premier of the French cabinet, was elected president of the republic of

France, on January 17, at Versailles, by the national assembly, in succession to President Armand Fallieres, whose sevenyear term expires

February 18. The choice was on the second ballot, and the premier

received, out of 859 ballots, 53 more than absolute majority.

The ParcelPost is a success. The Bureau of Engraving has had

lo increase its daily output of parcelpost stamps from 5,000,000 a day to 10,000,000 a day to meet the unexpected demand. During the first

four days of the new service more than 200,000 parcels were mailed in

New York City. From other centers come similar reports, testifying

to Uncle Sam's popularity as a delivery man.

Ground was Broken for the Utah State Capitol on the 26th day of

December, 1912, when the first shovel full of earth in the excavations for the capitol building was turned under direction of the Capitol commission. Governor William Spry spoke at the groundbreaking ceremony, in the presence of about two hundred persons, among them

being most of the state officials. Mayor Samuel C. Park of Salt Lake

City also gave an address.

An M. I. A. Scout convention was held at Provo on Saturday, the

399 PASSING EVENTS

12th of October, at which members and officers from Provo, Springville, Mapleton, Lakeview, Pleasant View, and Vineyard participated.

The object of the meeting was to organize the M. I. A. Boy Scouts

in Utah Stake, and the convention was attended by Dr. John H.

Taylor of the General Board, and by Eugene Roberts of Provo. The

old tabernacle in Provo has been remodeled and is now used for scout drillrooms and other althletic activities.

Elder Albert Clecn Burt, of Brigham City, Utah, who, for the past thirteen months had been laboring in the New Zealand mission, died at Auckland, January 8, 1913, according to a dispatch to the First

Presidency. Death was caused by typhoid fever. Elder Burt was the

son of Albert and Leonora Nelson Burt, of Bear River City. He was

born at Brigham City, September 17, 1890, and was set apart for his mission December 21, 1911. The body left Auckland January 17, on

its way home for interment. Elder Burt was a faithful laborer in the

mission field.

The Ocean to Ocean Highway Organization, established for the purpose of building an automobile highway from coast to coast, is making progress in obtaining means for the accomplishment of this purpose. Recently the Packard Motor Car company decided to contribute $150,000, and the association has received a number of smaller

individual contributions. Organizations are being formed along the

different proposed routes, and these various organizations will present their claims for the route, through their sections, to the permanent committee, when the time arrives.

Whitelaw Reid, United States ambassador to Great Britain, died in London, December 15, 1912. He was born at Xenia, Ohio, in 1837,

graduated from Miami university in 1856, became a newspaper editor in 1858, 'joined the staff of the New York Tribune, in 1868, became editorin-chief in 1872, and retired from active control of the Tribune, in 1905, when he was made ambassador to Great Britain. Previous to

that time he had been minister to France, from 1889 to 1892, and he was the Republican candidate for the vicepresidency in 1892. President Taft has decid'ed not to appoint any successor.

Contempt of Court. The courts of Idaho decided during the

recent presidential canvass that the names of the Progressive electors could not legally be printed on the ballots. Mr. Roosevelt denounced

this decision and his words were printed in the Capital Newsof Boise.

The managing editor of the paper, Mr. C. O. Brixon, and the publisher,

Mr. R. S. Sheridan, were charged with contempt of court for printing

and commenting on Mr. Roosevelt's criticism of the state judiciary,

and on January 2nd they were found guilty and sentenced to spend ten days in jail and pay $500 each.

400 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Robert W. Archibald, of Scranton, Pa., for twentynine years an

occupant of judicial positions of the Pennsylvania state bench, the federal district bench, and the United States Commerce Court, was adjudged guilty, January 13, by the United States Senate, of "high crimes and misdemeanors."He was stripped of his office and forever

disqualified from holding positions of public honor and of public trust.

The impeachment trial had been pending in the Senate since last summer. He was charged with.misconduct as a judge, and with corruptly

using his judicial power to acquire coal properties in Pennsylvania.

The Snow Academy at Ephraim celebrated its twentyfourth anniversary on November 5. Four hundred students and teachers, with

banners, marched through the city, headed by the Academy band. At

ten o'clock, in the assembly hall, there was a literary program with songs and speeches. Among those who addressed the students were

President Anthon H. Lund, Elders Rulon S. Wells, and C. N. Lund,

president of the stake. An elaborate banquet was later served in the

domestic science department under the supervision of Miss Bolton. In

the afternoon a track meet was held, and a dance in the gymnasium in the evening closed the day's festivities.

School in Tucson.—Mrs. L. Paul Cordon has opened a school for

the children of the Mexican refugees, fifty in number, who have settled near Tucson, Arizona. The district school buildings in the place

were unable to accommodate the children, but have done what they could to help in their education by providing a separate building to accommodate the children. Recently the board of education of the

Church Schools granted a small appropriation to aid in meeting the expenses of this school. Several of the publishing houses who had

been supplying the Church schools in Mexico with books, among them

Ginn & Company, have remitted their bills, showing a commendable desire to aid the unfortunates who have been driven from their homes.

The Great Assuan Dam over the Nile, 350 miles from Cairo,

Egypt, completed some ten years ago, at a cost of $7,500,000, has recently had added to its 130 feet of height, 26 additional feet of masonry, making the barrier to the waters of the Nile about the same height as Niagara Falls, and increasing the capacity of the reservoir about two and a half times, thus enabling the Egyptian government to irrigate an additional 1,000,000 acres of desert land, and so to make it bloss'om as the rose. The climate of the Nile permits two or three

crops a year, and with this additional water ldcility the future of this historic land, agriculturally, will undoubtedly surpass its past, of 2,000 or more years ago, when Egypt was the granary of the world. The

only drawback to the new arrangement is the destruction of the wonderful ruins of Philae, since that island is now entirely submerged, 401 PASSING EVENTS

and its wonderful ruins hidden from view forever. So"do great enterprises and utility take precedence over love for antiquity and art,

in our practical day.

The Balkan War Peace Congress made some little progress during December. On January 6 the first stage of the negotiations for

peace came to an end in London. The Balkan representatives refused

to accept the terms offered by Turkey. The conference adjourned

without fixing a date for resuming its meetings, and the ambassadors of the powers in London began at once to bring pressure upon Turkey to the end that it should yield to.the demand of the allies. The Porte

decided on January 19 to call a national assembly to take under advisement the Balkan situation which probably heralds further concessions on the part of Turkey, which country has already agreed to withdraw all claim to Crete and Macedonia, but insists on retaining

Adrianople and also the Aegian islands, and that Albania shall be autonomous. In case Turkey's answer is unsatisfactory, the allies, in

deference to Europe, will ask the powers whether they have means to compel Turkey to comply with their wishes. If not, it appears at

this writing that the allies will resume war.

The Farmers Round Up and Housekeepers'Conference of the

Agricultural College of Utah occurs in Logan January 27th to February 8th, and in Richfield February 13th to February 22nd. The

program is full of merit all the way through. Special features are

made of irrigation, better wheat, sugar beets, garden crops, alfalfa, good roads, and the important question of rural credit. In Logan

there will be a machinery demonstration where elecfric and gasoline devices for farm and home will be shown. A cheap pump, in operation, delivering water to three floors, and costing about $150, and for

operation less than $1.50 a month, is among the display. Special sessessions will be devoted to marketing, a very acute problem in our

state at the present time. The second week will be devoted entirely

to the consideration of animal industry, including livestock, wool growing, dairying, pasturing, and breeding, including horses and swine. Reduced rates are announced over all the Utah and the southern Idaho railroads. The conferences promise to excel anything similar in the history of the college, and doubtless will demonstrate the

idea of farm and industrial life better than ever.

The Dynamite Conspiracy Trial came to an end at Indianapolis,

Indiana, Dec. 28, 1912, when thirtythree of the convicted men were

sentenced to terms of imprisonment ranging from one to six years, in the federal penitentiary, and sent to prison on the 29th. Five were let

off on suspended sentences, and two were acquitted. All these were

among the fiftyfour labor leaders, nearly all connected with the International Association of Bridge and Structural Iron Workers, who"were arrested as a consequence of the McNamara case in Los Angeles.

402 'IMPROVEMENT ERA

They were indicted last spring for conspiracy and violating the laws of the United States, and for illegally transporting explosives. Among

those arrested is J. E. Munsey, once head of the organization in Salt

Lake City, who was sentenced to six years'imprisonment. The trial

was one of the most remarkable in the history of the United States, in the number of defendants, the character of the charges, the work in collecting evidence and making arrests, and the hundreds of witnesses examined, together with the cost of the trial, which is estimated to be upward of a million dollars. That justice was done at Indianapolis is

the opinion of most newspapers, and will be the general sentiment of most of the American people. On January 2, writs of error were

obtained by all the men sentenced in the dynamite case, except H. S.

Hockin, preparatory to a test in the United States Court of Appeals, on the legality of the verdict.

Report of New Wards, Changes in Bishops, Etc., for the month of

December, 1912, as reported by the Presiding Bishop's office:

- address, New Wards—Vermilion ward, Sevier stake, witn John Ivo Gledhill bisho

Vermilion, Utah. Tooele ward, Tooele stake; disorganized. Tooele North ward, Tooele stake, with Jos. C. Orme, bishop, and George L. Tate, ward clerk; address, same.

Tooele South ward, Tooele stake, with Edward M. Atkin, bishop, and Peter V. Clegg,

ward clerk; address, same. Mural ward, Duchesne stake, with John A. Angus, bishop;

address, Lake Fork, Utah.

Counselor to President of Stake.- John U. Stucki, second counselor to Joseph R.

Shepherd, president of Bear Lake stake; address, Paris, Idaho.

New Stake Clerks—H. Ray Pixton, Moapa stake, to succeed I. E. Turnbauch;

address, Overton, Nevada. D. Wm. James, Jr., Ensign stake, to succeed Wm. A.

Shepherd; address, 519 C street, Salt Lake City.

New Bishops—Mapleton ward, Oneida stake, Jos A. Stone, to succeed Edward M.

Perkins; address, same. St. David ward, California mission, Wm. G. Goodman, to

succeed Crozier Kimball; address, same. Poplar Grove ward, Pioneer stake, Frank

Stanley, to succeed Carl A. Carlson; address, U/ West Eighth South, Salt Lake City.

Batesville ward, Tooele stake, John C. Bryan, to succeed Edward C. Ekman; address,

same. stake, C. J. Reeder, to succeed New Ward Clerks—Ogden Ninth ward, Weber

Jos. K. Wright, Jr.; address, 3153 Porter Ave., Ogden, Utah. Topaz ward, Pocatello

stake, Sister C. H. Maughan, to succeed Lydia G. Fullmer; address, Dempsey, P. O.

Box 35, Idaho. Bingham ward, Jordan stake, Ray B. Allen, to succeed Ida Waters;

address, same. Milford ward, Beaver stake, John A. Arrington, to succeed Edward

H. Bird; address, same. Paragoonah ward, Parowan stake, Daniel Stones, to succeed

John B. Topham; address, same. West Point ward, Davis stake, John E. Thurgood,

to succeed Oliver H. Bybee; address, same. St. David ward, California mission,

Howard O. Post; address, same. Annis ward, Rigby stake, E. J. Lewis, to succeed

Caton W. Pierce; address same. Menan ward, Rigby stake, Warden Jones, to succeed

Chas. A. Higginson; address, same. Cokeville ward, Bear Lake stake, Sister Rozetta

Roberts, to succeed Mrs. Nora Collett; address Cokeville, Box 127, Wyoming. Clarkston ward, Benson stake, Alfred Atkinson, to succeed Chas. E. Atkinson; address,

same. Pleasant Grove First ward, Alpine stake, George H. Hayes, to succeed Mrs.

Rose B. Hayes; address, same. Twentyninth ward, Salt Lake stake, Luther H.

Twitchell, to succeed John C. Lake; address 369 North Twelfth West, Salt Lake City.

Independence ward, Fremont stake, change in the bishop's address, Chas. R. Thomason, Thornton, Idaho.

UNCLE SAM'S GIFT PARCELS POST OUR RECORD We ship more goods by Parcels Post than any other firm in this city.

WHERE PACKAGES GO From Jan. 1st to Jan. 15th we sent packages to Arizona, New

Mexico, California, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Montana, Idaho,

Wyoming, Colorado, Texas, Utah, Tennessee, Missouri, Ohio, New

York, Connecticut, Canada, Germany, Samoa, Honolulu.

Postage rates will save you considerable. Below we give average postage on each pair of garments. In many cases the postage

will be less.

WHERE POSTAGE IS LESS WE WILL RETURN BALANCE

SPRING 7\NU SUMMER GARMENTS Postage 14c extra per pair;No. 51K—An excellent, close, fine

weave, bleached; suitable for 2 pair 23c. summer wear. Per pair, postNo. 9B—Bleached, medium heavy

paid 95 weave,Per pairwill give excellent $1.35service.No. 59M—Made of mercerized cotPostage 14c extra per pair;

ton, bleached; very desirable for 2 pair 23c.

warm weather. Per pair..$1.42 No. Ill—Heavy cotton weave, tuck

Postage 8c extra per pair; stitch, unbleached, fleeced. Per

2 pair 15c. pair $1.00

Postage 14c extra per pair;No. 52B—Medium light weight for

spring and summer, bleached. 2 pair 23c.

back, double pair 11B—Unbleached, Per $1.00 No.

. heavy $1.25 8c extra per pair; Postage pair. Postage 15c per

2 pair 15c. WOOL GARMENTS

500—1-3 wool $1.69No. 57—Medium light weight, unNo.

bleached, very serviceable. Per No. 501—1-2 wool $2.00

pair $1.00 No. 502—80% wool $2.50

Postage 12c extra per pair; By Parcels Post, 14c per pair;

2 pair 21c. 2 pair 23c.

IMPORTANT. When ordering be sure to give your bust and

height measurements, and your weight.

Samples of garment material gladly sent on request.

Garments marked for 20c extra per pair.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE 258 SOUTH STATE STREET SALT LAKE CITY.

"We are always glad to receive the ERA. It is doing a good missionary work Mcintosh, St. Johns, Kansas. here."—John W.

In the March ERA will appear a story by Josephine Spencer, and a tribute to Orson P. Arnold, by George C. Lambert, Dr. Webb's article, and others, on

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator,"and the usual variety of other matter.

Subscribe today, only $2; you can get back numbers yet.

In this number of the ERA is found the opening address given by Dr.

John A. Widtsoe at the recent InterNational DryFarming Congress, at Lethbridge, Canada. It has not before appeared in print, and is of such an illuminating character, and prepared with so much thought and fidelity on the part of

Dr. Widtsoe, that it is sure to prove of inestimable value to all interested. We

are indebted to Mr. Lon J. Haddock, of the News Department of the Utah

Agricultural College, for a transcript of the address. We thank Dr. Widtsoe

for permission to print it.

Improvement Era, February, 1913

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, { x?a- Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, j Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS The Latterday Saints'Chapel at Sunderland,

England Frontispiece I'll Trust in Him Who Rules on High. Hymn

with Music R. Michelsen 279

The Conquest of Drouth John A.Widtsoe,A.M.,Ph.D. 281

A Visit to Newcastleon-Tyne. Illustrated.... Lydia D. Alder 293

What Have We Done Today? A Poem O. F. Ursenbach. 298

Dryden on Salvation for the Dead Claude T. Barnes, M.S.,P,R. 299

. Theodore E. Curtis 303As We Journey Along the Road. A Poem...

Little Problems of Married Life—XVII William George Jordan... 304

I Would Not Know. A Poem Bertha A Kleinman 309

War. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 310

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"

A Plea in Bar of Final Conclusions B. H. Roberts 309

The Book of Abraham J. M. Sjodahl 326

Scholars Disagree Junius F. Wells 341

Bishop Spulding's Jump in the Logical Process John Henry Evans, B. A.. 343

"The Book of the Dead": Levi Edgar Young, M.A... 346

349Liberty of the Press—III James H. Anderson

354Voice of the Intangible—VII Albert R. Lyman

Vocation Joseph Quinney, Jr 362.. B. H. Roberts 366Department of Vocations and Industries—VI

A Day in the English Lakeland. Illustrated... Hermon J. Wells 368

A Glimpse of the Salt Works Annie K. Hardy 374

The TenDollar Bill. A Poem Walter P. Emmett 375

Editor's Table—"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"Joseph F. Smith 378

Messages from the Missions 380

Priesthood Quorum's Table—Elder George Barton Taylor—Men Who Remember Seeing the Prophet Joseph 389

Mutual Work—A Slogan for Larger Memberin Athletics—Bountiship—February Class

ful Scout Banquet—The Third Y. M. M.

I. A. Normal Training Class 390

Church School Department—The Purpose of

Founder's Day H. R. Merrill 394

Dr. George H. Brimhall 397

Passing Events 398, REMINGTON AUTOLOADING 8HOTGUNONB OF BROWNING'S PATKWTB

DON'T WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON TO HAVE THAT GUN REPAIRED SEND IT TO US NOW and HAVE IT READY FOR NEXT SEASON

Send Postal for our Catalogue, 150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

BROWNINGBROa CO S1n7

Start the New Year right by securing A YEAR'S SUBSCRIPTION TO

Devoted to Agriculture ir\ Rocky Mountain Regiorv.

It is the only farm paper published in Utah. It will assist the farmers to

increase their crops. The Home Department for the wife is very helpful

UTAH FARMER, LEHI, UTAH.

"THE IDEAL"CALIFORNIA Three Daily OUTING NOW R N D Principles $40?, e $40

The Resuit i TO "SAFETY FIRST"High Quality

LOS ANGELES 2 Serviceyou travelwhenvia Splendid "COURTESY"Train "The StandService Long Limits ard Lines of CAREFUL ATTENStop-Overs ElectricalTION TO DETAILS'the West"ly Lighted Diverse By These each operAutomatic

Sleepers ating employee Eledtric Routes of the Safety Block Free Tickets and Signal Reclining Protedtton Chair Cars Reservations

J.H.Manderfield. T.C.Peck. Dining Car

G.P.A. A.6.M. pledges his faith

Service 169 South Main St. CITT TICKET OFFICE

Excellent S VLT LAKE CITY HOTEL UTAH

SALT LAKE CITT WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE "BRA'

SEED AND NURSERY BOOK FOR 1913

THIS is an up tothe-minute 'uide book for

Flower Garden. Lawn, Vegetable Garden,

Orchard and Farm. It is brim full of information

of interest to everyone with even a foot of ground

to plant.

It also gives a list of Incubator, Brooders and

Poultry Supplies.

- Everyone interested is entitled to a FREE -

COPY of this valuable book.

Write for it TODAY, I

CO. PORTER=WAL

Seedsmen, Nurserymen and Florists

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

/ PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. and General Mgr.

N. G. Stringham, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

The biggest part of the winter is yet to come. Better get a good Bobsled or a "Cutter"now, and have a

full winter's use from it. Come in

and see our line today.

Co.Consolidated Wagon & MachineUtah, Idaho, Wyoming and Nevada GEO. T. ODELL, General Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA"