There are a lot of reasons for and religious offerings with going to summer school. Some all the vacation extras.

get their degrees in less than

Study with outstanding visitingfour years; others renew teaching and resident faculty in acertificates, receive advanced

course offering of fiftyfour degrees, up courses, make plus special departments, class, their withcatch up workshops, forqualify or take conferences, graduation advantage of special workshops. institutes and seminars.

But there are other reasons spirituallyDevelop culturallythrough andthe enrichmorewhy lectures, plays, of concerts, largest summer peopleschool—atattend Utah's mentdevotionals and assemblies.BYU. They can study on one

of the nations most beautiful Take the worldfamous campuses, in air conditioned Timpanogos hike, enjoy the buildings with the most modern outdoor recreation nearby, or class rooms and laboratories, swim in one of the four pools get superior academic, cultural on campus. Enroll now!

BrighamYoung University Provo, Utah

Remember these dates:

First Term, June 17July 19 Second Term, July 20August 23 The Voice of the Church March 1968

Cover Note: Special Features

2 Editor's Page: Our Lord and Savior, President David 0. McKay

"Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruit- 4 Mormon Immigrants: Dregs or Doers? Dr. Mark W. Cannon and

ful bough by a well; whose branches run Graham Dodd

over the wall."14 Ogden and Provo Temple Plans

With these words the Patriarch Jacob, 16 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 1, Challenge and Rewhose faithfulness had brought him and his sponse (Continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

posterity the name of Israel, began the bless23 The Town Where People Pray, J. Virgil Bushman

ing of his favored son, Joseph. (Read the 34 How to Make Money While You Sleep, Dr. Quinn G. McKay

story of the blessings in the 49th chapter of 38 Home Teaching: Great Potential for Service, George P. Barber

Genesis.) Artist Harry Anderson gives his conception 40 Devil's Soup, Val Camenish Wilcox of this great event in the portion of a paint62 Rewards of Excellence, James T. Duke

ing that is reproduced on our cover. The 68 A Woman's Golden Years, Hattie B. Maughan

entire painting is reproduced on pages 8 84 Saved by a Letter, Roscoe C. Cox

and 9.

Harry Anderson has been commissioned by the Church to do eight such paintings, Regular Features each to depict an important event in the life 10 The Era Asks About Church Motion Picture Production of one of the prophets. The paintings will 28 Lest We Forget: Silks for the Ladies, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

hang in a special section on the main floor 30 Genealogy: Major Genealogical Record Sources in Switzerland

of the Visitors Center on Temple Square in 57 Teaching: Searching for SelfUnderstanding, Neil J. Flinders

Salt Lake City. 78 Today's Family: Dear John, Florence B. Pinnock

Era readers saw one of these paintings in 82 The LDS Scene the December 1967 magazine, "The Birth of the Savior,"the revelation given to Isaiah. 86 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

About SelfControl, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

The Era hopes to share the other paintings with our readers as they become available. 90 Buffs and Rebuffs

Mr. Anderson also did the painting "Ye 92 The Church Moves On

have not chosen me, but I have chosen you 94 These Times: Normative Structures in the Universe, G. Homer Durham

and ordained you,"which was used at the 96 End of an Era

Mormon Pavilion of the New York World's 66, 70, 88, 89 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Fair. (See color reproduction between pages

492 and 493, June 1964 Improvement Era.)

Era of Youth 4156 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 24 Lullabies and Warm Rice, Janis P. Hutchinson

22, 26, 32, 66, 74, 76, 88, 89, 90, 93, 96 Poetry

B. F.Pinnock,Price.Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd, DavidEleanorEra of YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds.Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;1. Green.FlorenceNormanManaging

F.ContributingScott. BusinessEditorsManager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting. Business S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl GGManagerCarlosHomerSmith.andDurham.SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector:Manager;S. Harris.ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,

the by of Saints. Latterday of The Association Improvement Mutual Superintendent. Young

a Subscription 19fand$3.00 reserved.Christ of Latterday Christ of Jesus ofMen's The Associations Improvement MutualOGeneral for price:price, inexceptadvance; single year,publishedcopy, threeyear to the 35< Allyearof year. a rightsJesusadded Saints.$2.50Church succeeding each Churchyears. $8.25: years. $5.75: 3 subscriptions. multiple 2

Associations. Mutual Improvement Quorums, Priesthood issues organ of

in section for provided of 1103, postage rate special at for mailing Acceptance matter. class second Utah, as Office, Lake Salt School System, Church and special the Committee. Music at Committee.the TeachingOfficialHome

1918. July City.2, authorized Post1917, October Enteredact Latter Saints of Christ of day of Jesus Church agenciesother The be for and paid must acceptance on are Manuscripts contributions. welcomes but manuscripts for is not responsible ofImprovement The

for delivery unsolicitedand postage by accompanied of Address slip the magazine. a issue recent from include address please change, ordering of address. for return.When required notice days'

is included. well aone the new old as as address thechange unless be City, cannot sufficientEraismade State, Era, Salt Thirtychanges South Lake UtahThe Improvement 79 84111

March 1968

of his ministry, we hear him say to John, the foreit to be so now: for thus it becometh The Editor's Page runner: "Suffer

us to fulfil all righteousness."(Matt. 3:15.)

On the mountain where he was tempted with earthly power and the riches of the world thrown at his feet, we hear him say in sublime majesty, "Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt

worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve."(Luke 4:8.)

Before choosing the Twelve he spent the night in Owur prayer, supplicating his Father in heaven for

guidance.

When he taught the disciples to pray, he included in the first petition godliness, saying, "Hallowed be thy name."(Matt. 6:9.) Loird After the miracle of feeding the five thousand, he

retired in solitude to pray. In Capernaum the next

day we see him grieved because he said the multitude had not seen the glory of God, but had eaten of the loaves and were filled, to satisfy the physical hunger.

At the Last Supper, addressing the Twelve, he and said: "And this is life eternal, that they might know

thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.)

In the Garden of Gethsemane Jesus prayed:

"Father,... not my will, but thine, be done."(Luke

22:42.) morBy President

David O. McKay And after the resurrection he cautioned, "Touch

me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father:...

and your Father; and to my God, and your God."

As Jesus Christ, our Elder Brother, was born at (John 20:17.)

Bethlehem, "suddenly there was... a mulitude of The second principle, peace, has been defined as

heavenly host praising God, and saying: the happy, natural state of man, the "first of human

"Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, blessings."Without it there can be no happiness. The

good will toward men."(Luke 2:1314.) Prophet Joseph Smith said: "Happiness is the object

As Easter approaches, let us consider three princiand design of our existence; and will be the end

ples enunciated at his birth that have marked his thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and

mission here upon the earth: first, reverence for God; this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness,

second, peace; and third, goodwill toward all men—or and keeping all the commandments of God."(Docuexpressing it another way, godliness, happiness, mentary History of the Church, Vol. 5, p. 134.

brotherly kindness. Jesus said in his Sermon on the Mount: "Blessed

The first principle, godliness, Jesus exemplified are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the

every hour of his earthly existence. On the banks of children of God."(Matt. 5:9.)

the Jordan, as he was seeking baptism at the beginning As fundamental to peace, he recognized the rights

Improvement Era

of every man. When asked, "What thinkest thou? Is Though Jesus gave his message particularly to the

it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?"—he chosen house of Israel, he knew no nationality; neither

replied, "Shew me the tribute money. And they was he a respecter of persons. When the Syrobrought unto him a penny. Phoenician woman came to him in faith, pleading for

"And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and a blessing for her daughter, he answered, "O woman, superscription? great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt."

"They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto (Matt. 15:28.) He healed the helpless at the pool of

them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which Bethesda. The woman taken in sin was told to go

are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's."her way and sin no more.

(Matt. 22:1721.) He manifested brotherliness not only toward the

Toward the closing scenes of his mortal life, he poor and helpless but also toward the rich. To the

said to his disciples: "These things I have spoken wellto-do but despised publican Zacchaeus, he said:

unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the "Zacchaeus, make haste, and come down; for today I

world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; must abide at thy house."The Master was made

I have overcome the world."(John 16:33.) welcome, and Zacchaeus, inspired as he had never

On the same occasion he said: "Peace I leave with been with a desire for brotherliness, said: "Behold,

you,... not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if

not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid."I have taken any thing from any man by false accusa-

(John 14:27.) tion, I restore him fourfold."Seeing that the spirit of

All through his life peace was on his lips and in the gospel had entered his heart, Jesus answered: "This

his heart, and when he came forth from the tomb and day is salvation come to this house, forsomuch as he appeared unto his disciples, his first greeting was also is a son of Abraham."(Luke 19:5, 8-9.)

"Peace be unto you."(John 20:19.) This is the Lord and Savior who is the center of

Peace as taught by the Savior is exemption from our lives.

individual troubles, from family quarrels, from naJesus defeated the lawyer in argument, healed the tional difficulties. Such peace refers to the person sick where medicine failed, inspired the greatest

just as much as it does to the community. That man music ever written, inspired hundreds of thousands

is not at peace who is untrue to the whisperings of of books, inspired missionaries to go to all the world;

Christ, the promptings of his conscience. He cannot yet, in none of the realms in which men and women

be at peace when he is untrue to his better self, when ordinarily win their laurels do you find historians he transgresses the law of righteousness, either in referring to Christ as having succeeded. But in the

dealing with himself, in indulging in passion or apperealm of character he was supreme!

tites, in yielding to the temptations of the flesh, in Jesus the Christ is our Savior, our Mediator with being untrue to trust, or in transgressing the law of the Father. As the Apostle Peter preached, "Neither

righteousness in dealing with his fellowmen. is there salvation in any other: for there is none other

The third principle, goodwill, may also be exname under heaven given among men, whereby we pressed as brotherliness. must be saved."(Acts 4:12.) O

March 1968

es Dickens embers of the Church "the pick and flower of England."

rants:

Dr. Mark W. Cannon, director in charge of foreign programs, Institute of Public Administration

in New York, New York, resides with his family in Short Hills, New Jersey. He received degrees

from the University of Utah and Harvard University.

? Graham Dodd, a Salt Lake City attorney, attended school in his native England (where he

joined the Church at age 11), in Canada, at Brigham Young University, and at the Boalt

School of Law, University of California.

i "# K mong the false accusations posed exponent of Christian brotherhood and charity, made against The Church seemed to exemplify Mr. DeVoto's observation when of Jesus Christ ofALatterday Saints, one of the he said the Mormons were "gathered from the slums

most erroneous was the charge that its members of Europe,... brought from the fetid fields of the

were "low baseborn foreigners, hereditary bondsmen old world;... ignorant peasants entrapped through

... of serf blood."1 Despite its malicious nature, misrepresentation and fraud."5

this charge was common in nineteenth century While one would be willing to overlook the emowriting and is still evidenced in contemporary tionally controlled pretensions of a fervent evangelist,

European and American compositions. one is surprised at the strange calculations of United

Even learned and enlightened men have been inStates Senator Frank Hiscock, who estimated that all fluenced by this early prejudice. Morison and but six or seven thousand of the 120,000 Mormon

Commager conveyed such a low impression of the men, women, and children in Utah were foreigners.

Mormons until the most recent editions of their widely He asserted that daily contributions from the ignorant used text on American history. They asserted: of every European nation continued to pour into "this

"... but the Mormons have in general remained near great cesspool."

to the cultural level from which they were recruited. Tales about "Mormon"recruitment and exploitation

... the Mormon government was too autocratic for of aliens were not confined to the United States.

wholesome civic life. Freedom of thought and liberty Abram Cannon, serving a mission in Germany, exof action are still narrowly restricted by the church, pressed the general public belief when he wrote to

and Utah has been as barren in the arts as prolific his father, George Q. Cannon: "It is even published

in progeny."2 If scholarly men can be induced to a few days since, that we paid the fare for emigrants

print such statements, the influence and veracity of to Utah, who upon their arrival there were compelled these early charges against Mormonism are worth to labor five years as slaves to pay the debt."7

examination. This public opinion spread into diplomatic channels,

Both Hubert Howe Bancroft and Bernard DeVoto and President James Buchanan frankly told the offered their observations on the "Mormon"problem. English secretary for foreign affairs to "keep your

Bancroft, upon seeing the Mormons for himself, said Mormons at home."8 Secretary of State William

about the antiMormon writings, "In regard to the Evarts followed this later with an equally voluble quality of evidence I here encounter, I will say never communique to all American diplomatic missions in before has it been my lot to meet with such a mass Europe to seek the help of friendly governments in of mendacity."3 DeVoto further concluded that "lecpreventing the United States from becoming the

turers, writers and people who called themselves "resort of refuge for the crowds of misguided men religious reformers made a fat living by lying about and women whose offenses against morality and the Mormons,... libeling them with every conceivable decency would become intolerable."9

kind of accusation."1 Of course there was no legal way of preventing

John Wesley Hill, an American preacher and supthe miracle of conversion and peaceful exodus to

March 1968 "Wonderful people, these Mormons! The world

cannot comprehend them. The world never could

comprehend saints."

Zion. As the London Examiner (August 16, 1879) high quality of Mormon emigrants. Lord Houghton,

aptly pointed out, "The Great Republic has afforded who had studied the Mormons, concluded that the a refuge to the visionaries of Europe. Imperialist converts could be "assumed to be at least of the

Princes and democratic Nihilists equally go through upper rank of agriculturists or artisans, and who from unnoticed."How could they possibly keep the Morthe very fact of the venture which they undertake,

mons out? must be persons of some energy of will and superiority

In addition to being called base, servile, ignorant, of character."13

and of serf blood, the Saints were accused of being At a time when the government was heavily subsialiens and of belonging to a church controlled by dizing emigration, according to Philip A. M. Taylor,

foreigners. Territorial Representative George Q. "it is essential to note that about one half of all British

Cannon nearly lost his seat in Congress over this Mormon Emigrants went to America without aid, and issue, which subsided only after he produced court this included all emigrants before 1852."The emigrant

records proving his citizenship. Clearly the Gentile ships were clean and sweet smelling, education classes

view of the proportion of Mormons who were immiwere given on board, comfort and order prevailed on grants was greatly exaggerated. Regarding the charge all levels. Indeed, the New York Tribune (May 23,

that the Church was controlled by foreigners, Repre1855) was led to observe that "it would be well if the sentative Cannon pointed out that there were sixteen packet ships that ply between this port and Liverpool top church leaders: "Of these, twelve were either were to imitate the system of management that preborn in New England or are the children of New vailed on this ship."

England parents; two are of Virginia parentage; and England was not the only country to send converts

two only were born outside of the United States, and of substance and breeding. William Mulder asserts

one of these has been in this country about fifty that the Scandinavian converts were also far from the years and the other forty years."10 "serf blood"category, as the many accounts of sales

It is true that thousands of converts streamed into and inheritance settlements reveal. Further evidence

Utah during the last five decades of the 1800's, but is the 21,609 pounds tithing and temple offering paid the majority of them became citizens as soon as it was in the mission during 1856 and the 2,352 pounds paid legally possible. Cannon's successor in Washington, during 1857, a period that saw 2,610 members bapJohn T. Caine, pointed out that the 1886 census had tized and 990 emigrate. 14

shown a more rapid decrease in foreignborn populaThese high quality European converts, under the tion in Utah during the previous decade than in 29 direction of the Church, soon became loyal and states and the District of Columbia. 11 It is clear that established United States citizens. Indeed, so rethe report of the proportion of aliens in the Church markable were the Mormon achievements in Utah

was highly exaggerated. that the Washington Post (January 10, 1881) was

What about the charge that the Mormon converts forced to declare: "They are industrious, frugal,

were the "sediment of society"? Charles Dickens was thrifty, honest. They have transformed a desert into

one of those laboring under this opinion. Unlike most a garden. Hundreds of our statesmen, our leading

men, he made a special trip to the Liverpool docks scholars and social scientists, who have visited Utah, to ascertain the facts about Mormon emigrants for have been profoundly impressed with the quiet himself. Upon his arrival there he was so surprised energy, the indomitable will, the simplicity of life

at the cleanliness, vitality, and good appearance of and the general deportment of the Mormon people."

the Saints that he was moved to remark, "These are Howard Stansbury, a government surveyor sent to the pick and flower of England. 1 - work in Utah, found that "it is common belief, propaDickens was not the only Englishman to note the gated by sensational writers, and designing and

Improvement Era

interested persons, that the Mormons are a gang of immigrants, an examination of the children of these incorrigible rogues and criminals; when, in fact, acearly pioneers will squelch any attempted justification

cording to the testimony of every unprejudiced man of derogatory remarks in modern writing. A modern

who is acquainted with them, that for honesty, instatistical study by Dr. E. L. Thomdike of Columbia

dustry, sobriety, neighborly kindness and peace and University revealed that in producing men of achievein least are at the equal, if not good order, to proportion first ment population, Mormons ranked Utah all continent.'"'superior this other the states to any on among community a margin than by of more 20

Despite the facts about the Mormons, loose and percent over the second highest state, Massachusetts.

malicious writings prevailed. The nation was conIn the production of leaders in science, Utah also

vinced that the pitiful collection of misinformed ranked first by a margin of more than 40 percent aliens, raised in ignorance and filth, would inevitably over the second state, Colorado. --

produce degeneracy and stationary despotism. The It is interesting to note that most of these leaders

Mormons, on the other hand, had faith that their with whom Dr. Thorndike's study dealt are sons and

system would reveal the highest possibilities of the daughters of the pioneers, the very same who were race. Their constant battle to tame the desert and called the "serfs and sediment of society."These are

their strong religious convictions would produce solid not the children of misguided and misinformed family units with consecrated parents. 1 '1 They were foreigners. These are the children of honest and

the chosen house of Israel and would produce a race virtuous people, drawn from a variety of social classes, worthy of America. who were willing to follow the divine leadership of

The Latterday Saint quest for truth soon separated God's prophets. O

them from their neighbors. The United States census FOOTNOTES

reports of the 1880's indicated that only 5 percent of 'John M. Coyner (ed.), Handbook vn Mormonism (Salt

Utah's population over ten years of age was unable Lake City: Handbook Publishing Co., 1882), p. 48.

-Morison and Commager, The Growth the American of to read, of with 6.6 percent in compared an average

Republic York: Press, Oxford University (New Vol. 1, 1937), 17 nine states western surrounding Utah. 473. p.

The Mormons enjoyed their own standards of (San ''HubertFrancisco:HoweThe HistoryBancroft,Company,History 1890),of Utahp. vii.15401887

morality, and as Dr. Miller, editor of the Omaha Bernard DeVoto, "The Easy Chair,"Harper's ( Mav'

p. 8. Herald, declared, "to the lasting honor of the Mormon 1955),

r'John Wesley Hill, Mormonism vs. Americanism (Salt

people and system be it said that for 25 years such Lake City, 1889), p. 22.

machines of moral infamy as whiskey shops, harlotCongressional Record, 47th Congress, First Session, Janries, faro banks, and all the attendant forms of vice uary; 10,Letter1882,fromp. Abram337. Cannon, found in George Q. Cannon,

and iniquity were totally unknown in Utah."is "Journal,"March 20, 1882.

It was conceded by impartial observers that no (Philadelphia:sJohn BassettJ. MooreB. Lippincott(ed. ), The& WorksCo., 190811),of James BuchananVol. 10,

, locality with the same population as Utah was freer p. 318.

''Diplomatic Correspondence, Circular 10, 9. No. August

afflict the vices from that communities than was this 1879 (Washington: Printing Government Office, 12. p. 1879),

1 "George Its territory. Cannon, Q. "Utah People,"and North Utah was best considered the wisest and

Review (May p. 455. 1881), governed of any large section of people in the United American Congressional Record, 12, January 1887, cited in M.

Hamlin States. 19 Cannon, 'Gathering'of British "The to Mormons

The people were happy even if they were misunderWestern12CharlesAmerica,"Dickens,p. 184.The Uncommercial Traveller (Boston:

stood. Or, as the New York Herald put it: "Wonderful Dana Estes & Co.), p. 303.

1!Lord in writing Houghton, as Edinburgh Review, cited these people Mormons! happier people perhaps do A in Burton's City Saints, the No. of 133 (January 1862), pp.

20 185210. not exist face on the of the the earth than Mormons."

1 'William Mulder, Scandinavia, from 1850- "Mormons living, clean With government, good and happy toil, 1905: of a The Story Religious Migration"(unpublished Ph.D.

obvious benefits soon accrued to the community. dissertation, Harvard University, 1955), p. 131.

"A design was at one time entertained to set apart City, 15Kate1940), B.p. Carter,39. Heart Throbs of the West (Salt Lake

a fund for the purpose of erecting a poorhouse; but 10George Q. Cannon, Journal History, March 20, 1882.

after strict inquiry it was found that there were in Mormons1TGustive(Salt O.LakeLarson,City: OutlineDeseret BookHistoryCo.,of 1958),Utah andp. 112.the

the whole population but two persons who could be:8Dr. Miller was quoted in Reports of Committees of the

Representatives, of Report 50th Congress, No. 4156, considered as objects of public

Session, charity, and the plan HouseSecond "Admission 5. of the State of Utah,"p.

1was consequently abandoned."- wlbid.

From the foregoing statements we can conclude p. 382.20Quoted in Millennial Star, Vol. 14 (August 7, 1852),

that the picture created by early writers about the 21 Stansbury, "Expedition to the Great Salt Lake,"MillenVol. 14 (Nov. p. 579. 6, 1852),Mormons as a degenerate lot was wholly untrue. As nial Star,

E. L. Origin Thomdike, "The of Superior Men,"The

clinching proof of the genetic potential of the Mormon Scientific Monthly (May 1943), pp. 42433.

March 1968 V*S*

.# I

Jacob blessing Joseph:

"Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall/'(Genesis 49:22.)

The Era Asks About Church Motion Picture Production

Wetzel O. ("Judge") Whitaker, director of the Brigham we headed for the mountains. However, as we neared

Young University Motion Picture Studio, has screen our location, clouds closed in. By the time we had

credits on more than 50 subjects and features produced arrived, there was no sun, and we felt sick at heart.

by Walt Disney Productions, for ivhom he worked as We discussed the situation with the crew, and one animator some years ago. He is regarded as a pioneer of our men said, "The Lord knows our problem. He

of modern motion picture production in the Church. knows we have to get this film done today. I suggest

His thoughts on Church motion picture production that we call on him and ask him to arrange the eleare most timely. ments so we can shoot this scene."So I asked one of

the men to pray. Fifteen minutes later the clouds

Q. When producing a film, with what kinds of probbroke open in the direction we were shooting. The

lems do you deal? only cloud remaining was one over the mountain

A. No two films are alike as far as problems are peak, exactly where we would have placed it if we

concerned, but they all have a few in common. Getting had been an artist. It stayed there for over an hour

approvals for stories can be a problem. Designing and until our scene was shot. After we called "Cut!"and

building sets on a slim budget is another. Casting is started wrapping up to go home, the clouds again

a major problem. We do not have access to the gathered overhead, and the weather was miserable.

Hollywood casting office, and as a result we have This is only a sample of the kinds of problems—and

to really search for actors and listen to many people miracles, if you will—that are associated with this

read. work.

One interesting example of problems that arise in Q. Were there problems associated with Man's

shooting can be the weather factor. For an important Search for Happiness, the film you produced for the

fall scene for In This Holy Place, we needed to New York World's Fair?

photograph the mountain scenery at the exact moment A. Yes, we had endless troubles with that film, inof ripeness—when the leaves were at their peak of cluding malfunction of equipment that normally

beauty. Everything else in the film was finished worked well. We called on several people from the

except this one scene. We had already sent our Walt Disney Studio to help us with certain types of

young male and female leads home to Los Angeles, film effects that we weren't equipped to do. One of

but this scene was so important to the picture that these men, not a Latterday Saint, said that he had they were standing by to return. We kept in touch never experienced so many problems on a project that

with the forest rangers; then the call came: The he would normally consider routine. I often say that

leaves would be at full color on Saturday. We wired we can usually tell how important a film production

California and learned that the young man could is by the type and number of problems we have in come, but he had to return Saturday night for his producing it.

Army Reserve camp the next day. Everything de- Q. How long has the Church been interested in mopended upon the weather. tion pictures as a medium for promulgating the

Saturday morning dawned bright and clear, and gospel?

10 Improvement Era A. This is a rather difficult question to answer simply. He spent very little time dwelling on my immediate

Our research has indicated that as early as 1912 the problems other than to say that I shouldn't worry

Church contracted for a film, and in 1913 films were about them—they would work out. But then he outbeing shown under the direction of the Sunday School lined to me events that would transpire in the future if

general board. From 1916 until 1929 the Clawson I lived worthy of them, indicating that I would be

brothers, Shirley and Chester, captured on film a numcalled to perform a work in my field that would be ber of the historic Church events and personalities of revolutionary in teaching the gospel. When I rethe period. They did a remarkable job for the time. turned home, I called my family together and told

Then, throughout the 1930's, little work was done by them that because of the spirit of that blessing, this the Church in motion pictures, although filmstrip prothing would come about, and I asked for their help.

duction on Church topics became popular. During Approximately six years later I asked Walt Disney

World War II and up until the early 1950's a definite for a year's leave of absence to take care of a project interest in motion pictures as a medium for presenting in Utah with which my brothers and I were involved.

the gospel began to be shown by the Church. More It was during this year that I was offered the assignthan 75 films of General Authorities giving general ment by President Ernest L. Wilkinson to develop

conference addresses were made. The involvement a film unit at Brigham Young University. With some

and production of Church films during that nearly sadness I sent Mr. Disney my letter of resignation and

40year period was exploratory and somewhat haphazard, and was a long preparation for that which we have now.

Q. How did you become involved in Church motion

picture production?

A. Over 20 years ago I had the pleasure of taking

Elders Harold B. Lee, Mark E. Petersen, and Matthew

Cowley through the Walt Disney Studio in California, where I was employed, and showing them a few of the films that had been done for the war effort. They

seemed quite interested and indicated that perhaps there would be an opportunity to try some of the same methods in teaching some of the principles of the gospel. Several of us at the studio who were

Latterday Saints volunteered to donate our time if the Church would pay outof-pocket expenses in producing a film. After discussion, the brethren decided

they wanted two films, so we began work on Church Oliver Cowdery and family in film on Three Witnesses.

Welfare in Action and The Lord's Way.

We soon learned that it was a tough assignment to make these films by working after hours, particularly in view of the fact that each of us was carrying heavy

Church responsibilities. As time went on, our progress

was so slow that I became very discouraged. Perhaps

I felt the responsibility more keenly than the others because I had proposed the project. I felt in need

of a blessing to fortify me and give me the strength to carry on. I immediately thought of my stake

patriarch, Brother Albin Hoglund, and drove to his home without an appointment. Partway there, I

stopped and decided that this was an imposition on this very busy man, but the Spirit urged me to go on.

I found Brother Hoglund alone; his family had gone

out for the evening. After chatting a few minutes, I

explained why I was there. He called me into his

study and proceeded to give me a blessing that was so impressive I'll remember it all the days of my life. Pause for instructions on Mexican village set in Arizona.

March 1968 11 began my career at BYU. That marked the beginWhen Thou Art Converted, which is currently being

ning of our current motion picture era. shown in stake conferences. Another production, as

The first few years, as you can imagine, were frusyet untitled, is in process for this same committee and trating because of inadequate facilities and a shortage will also be shown at stake conferences. Three films

of trained personnel. There were few on campus for our educational series will soon be available for

who knew much about film making, and I wasn't marriage counseling classes, and we will release completely aware of all our needs either. Eventually shortly for the College of Religion a film entitled

we began to make slow progress and to acquire some The Three Witnesses. We are also working on This

good staff members. Frank Wise, an experienced Holy Place, a widescreen, stereophonic sound film to

film editor, joined us. My brother Scott, an excellent be shown at the Visitors Center on Temple Square. It

script writer, came shortly thereafter. A few years will be a beautiful picture, our first experience with

later Robert Stum and Wally Barrus, two creative 70mm.

photographers, and Douglas Johnson, a young artist, Q. About how many films do you produce a year?

A. It has varied from five to eight. Last year wejoined us—and we were on our way.

Q. What films are you working on now? filmed eight. Altogether, we have completed about

A. We have recently completed two films, one for 80 films, with another six to eight currently in various

the Sunday School, entitled No Greater Call, and one stages of production.

for the Priesthood Correlation Committee, entitled Q. How do you receive assignments to produce films?

A. An agency of the Church will make a request,

and after discussion with its leaders, we begin work "; on a script. The agency sponsoring a particular film

has ultimate approval or disapproval. For example,

we made Windows of Heaven on the subject of tithing and And Should We Die, a film on fasting and prayer, for the Presiding Bishopric's Office. We also

cooperate with BYU colleges and departments in producing educational films, most of which have proven quite successful, not only here but also at other universities throughout the country.

Q. Do you have any nonChurch clients?

A. Occasionally an organization approaches us, without our solicitation, and we may accept a film assignment from them, which helps to defray the expenses

of the studio.

Shooting in California a scene from No Greater Call. Q. In the production of films, do you have any connection with Hollywood?

A. On rare occasions—such as for special makeup

jobs or process work—we have hired Hollywood specialists. For the most part, however, we are a selfcontained unit. Some of our friends from Hollywood

'who visit us are amazed at our facilities. We are

capable of doing everything from the original story to the completed film. About the only thing we are

unable to do here is process our films. It would

hardly pay us to set up an expensive and complicated laboratory for our limited production.

Q. Where do you film besides here in the studio?

A. We do considerable shooting on location. For

Windows of Heaven we went to St. George to photograph scenes in the stake tabernacle and in the beautiful red rock country adjacent to the city. We learned

that to shoot And Should We Die on location in Mexico

A prayer scene from new Church film The Three Witnesses. would have been beyond our budget, so we shot

12 Improvement Era some of the Mexican village sequences at a movie set good writers. Also, right now we are in need of an

in Old Tucson, Arizona, and used the countryside additional film editor. Most people don't realize that

around Tucson and Santaquin, Utah, for the location it takes years to train a proficient film editor or shots. However, for interior shots we have learned cameraman.

that we have fewer problems and can produce better Q. What is the future of movies in the Church?

quality pictures by building sets and shooting in our A. We feel that film making in the Church has a

own studio than going into people's homes to film. great future. Some day we hope to be able to pro-

Q. Why? duce a film for theatrical release that would not

A. There is little maneuverability for the camera in necessarily carry the "Mormon"label but would carry

a home. All shots would be confined to closeups the Church's message and philosophy. We have rebecause of our inability to get back far enough to ceived encouragement from several Hollywood proshow much else. Also, the sound would be low qualducers who have said they can get us a release if we

ity and "boomy,"as if in a barrel or the bottom of a want to make a feature film.

well, and you would hear exterior noises, such as I think one of the greatest ambitions of my life has cars honking and children yelling, all of which would been to do the Joseph Smith story. The story is so

come through the walls of a house. We shoot in fantastically big that we must have the right script

our studios because the conditions can be entirely for that one. To be presented right, it should not be

controlled. a lowbudget production, in my opinion, but should

Q. How do you acquire actors for your films?

A. We "beat the bushes"and call in dozens of people

for tryeuts. Occasionally we find good, experienced

people who can work with a minimum of direction, but we have to be careful not to overuse them. On

certain occasions, when a picture is important enough and we have a large enough budget, we have hired actors from Hollywood, but we try to use Latterday

Saints as much as possible. We normally do not pay

our Mormon actors—they are paid in blessings! However, if they must take time from their jobs, we

reimburse them for that time.

Q. How do you obtain scripts?

A. We have two staff writers—Scott Whitaker and

Carol Lynn Pearson—and a number of freelance

writers. The writers assigned to a script work closely

with the sponsor and become thoroughly steeped in David Whitmer and lawyer discuss affidavits in new film.

the subject matter. After agreement is reached, the

writer begins his work.

Q. How does one in the Church who is interested in

becoming involved in making Church films go about

it?

A. We are always searching for real talent. We

recognize the great need for bringing in new blood, and it is a major concern of ours to get young, talented people who are dedicated and train them. Sometimes people come here with Stardust in their eyes,

but after they find out how much work is involved, they soon decide that it is not for them. But we are

eager to discuss with anyone interested our needs in such areas as. acting, camera work, directing, film

editing, costuming, set creation, and research.

Q. What are your greatest needs?

A. Creative writing is probably the greatest need in

all of the dramatic arts. We are constantly looking for Studio is located on a large tract of river bottom land.

March 1968 13 be something that can stand up to the standards of Ben Hur and other classics. Also, in the field of Ogden anc|

Church history there are tremendous stories. This

is a phase of film making that we have scarcely touched yet. The Book of Mormon contains muchbasic material from which many exciting stories could Temple

be written.

Q. Are you preserving today's Church activities on

film for future generations? A new concept in temple design

A. We should be covering important current events has been approved by the First

in the Church more than we do. Periodically we thePresidency,architect'swith drawingsthe acceptanceand plotof

should be filming the General Authorities in their plans for the new Ogden and Provo, homes and with their families as well as at work Utah, temples. The stake presidents

in their offices. I believe that it is almost as imporof the two temple districts have also

tant to preserve current history on film as it is to unanimously approved the plans.

preserve the written word. Think how wonderful it on The"TabernacleOgden TempleSquare"will bein locatedOgden,

would be if we had motion pictures of the early Utah's second largest city. The

leaders of the Church, such as the Prophet Joseph, Provo Temple will be constructed

Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, and others. Of on a hill on the northeast bench of

course, I am very biased, but I believe the motion Provo, overlooking Brigham Young picture is one of the most potent instruments ever UniversityThe twoandtemples,beautifulwithUtahsimilarLake.

devised to put across an idea, and I am grateful to floor plans and exteriors, have been our wonderful leaders in the Church who, in our day, designed for faster temple sessions have caught the vision of this powerful medium. O in the sense that they will provide

for a minimum of delay between sessions and optimum use of patrons'time while in the temple.

Floor plans call for a basement and for three floors above ground.

In addition to stairways, escalators and elevators will provide for easy movement from floor to floor.

The temples were designed by Church architect Emil B. Fetzer,

under the direction of Mark B. Garff,

chairman, and Fred A. Baker, vicechairman, of the Church Building

Committee. In planning for a more

functional temple design, Brother

Fetzer received counsel from General Authorities, temple presidents and officiators, Genealogical Society officials, members of the Church

On location in Tucson, Arizona for And Should We Die. Building Committee, and other

architects of the Church.

The exterior of each temple will be of white cast stone, gold anodized aluminum grills, and bronze glass panels. The upper two stories will

be in a modified oval shape atop the ground floor. Arising from each

temple to about 185 feet will be a spire of finished gold anodized aluminum.

Construction on the temples is scheduled to begin the spring or early summer of 1969, with completion in 1970. Each will cost about

$2.5 million. In addition to the temples, new visitors'centers will be

constructed on the temple blocks. O

Camera men often haul their equipment up mountain sides.

rovo Hi***;

ans?

ii *mwwv*mK!KBKKBRmBmmKK38mBBBi

Ogden Temple plot plan, top; Provo Temple plot plan. Members of the First Presidency inspect the Ogden Temple drawing.

Artist's rendering of the Ogden Temple plans. The Provo Temple will be similar in design.

A NewLook at the Pearl ofGreat Price

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Part I. Challenge and Response (Continued)

#Some Spurious Propositions: (1) While the experts Concealed in the Spalding syllogism are yet more

judged the Facsimiles in light of certain basic misinformaspurious propositions. Take his main argument, for examtion, the general public was also beguiled by a number of ple: "If the translation of the 'Book of Abraham'is inspecious propositions. The first of these was that the test correct, then no thoughtful man can be asked to accept

of the engravings in the Pearl of Great Price effectively the Book of Mormon, but, on the other hand, honesty will destroyed all claims of the Book of Mormon to authenticity. require him, with whatever personal regret, to repudiate

It may seem rather odd that Spalding's purpose in his it and the whole body of belief, which has been built great campaign against the Facsimiles was to discredit not upon it...."!,r Now it is not just the Book of Mormon

them but the Book of Mormon. Yet such is the case, as that must be thrown out because eight men fail to see what

the first sentence of his book proclaims. In going about Joseph Smith saw in three ancient engravings, but everyhis work in such a devious way, our author pays high thing the Prophet ever taught. By the same token the

tribute indeed to the Book of Mormon, a purportedly hisgood Bishop has no choice—when he learns from the higher

torical work of over 500 pages in length in which, it would critics, whom he so ardently endorses, that the Old and seem, he can discover no direct or obvious proof of fraud New Testaments are not what they pretend to be, but to save him all this trouble. laborious compilations swarming with historical and

Devious is the word: The Mormons must abandon their philological misconceptions—but to renounce the Bible as

faith, so ran the argument, because Joseph Smith was not a whole (for after all, if one verse is faulty, must not our a true prophet; he was not a true prophet because the faith in the others "necessarily be impaired"?) and with it

Book of Mormon was not divinely inspired; it was not "the whole body of belief, which has been built upon it."

divinely inspired because it was not translated correctly; We are further asked to believe that if Joseph Smith

we know it was not translated correctly because Joseph could have made a wrong translation on one occasion, it

Smith could not read Egyptian; we know this because he would follow inevitably that he had never at any time

translated the Book of Abraham incorrectly, and both it had a true gift of translation. But as an editorial in the

and the Book of Mormon "were translated from the same Deseret News pointed out, "If a mistake should be proved

Egyptian, and if the translator be found to have comin the translation of the Egyptian documents, that would pletely failed in the translation of one book, our faith in not in any way affect the translation of the Book of Morhis translation of the other must necessarily be impaired"; 91"'mon."98 Spalding insisted, as Professor Pack noted, under

we know he translated the Book of Abraham incorrectly what is termed the spirit of fairness, that Joseph Smith be because he did not understand the Facsimiles in the Pearl declared a false prophet if he makes a single failure: all his

of Great Price; we know that he did not understand the successes must be repudiated. 99 Pack further observed that

Facsimiles because eight scholars gave interpretations that "the Latterday Saints should not, and for that matter do differed from his. "Here is a string of inference for you!"not, maintain that Joseph Smith was infallible."100 And

wrote John Henry Evans; "... never was a conclusion J. M. Sjodahl explained that the Prophet like any other

more tortuously reached. Never was man asked to give up mortal was free to make "mistakes in the translation of the

a belief that satisfied him, on slighter grounds."90 Egyptian documents."101 Indeed, Mormonism was intro16 Improvement Era

UUJU

ceased; and if one started questioning any verse of the Bible,

all the others automatically became suspect. The absurd

notion that any human being, prophet or not, can be always right or always wrong is a holdover from the absolutes of scholastic thinking. If God ever permits a prophet to be

wrong or to learn by trial and error as the rest of God's children do, how can we ever be sure whether he is right or not? That, of course, is where revelation comes in: gkEgp1 b Every individual must get a testimony for himself and be

guided by the Spirit entirely on his own; then, and only

then, as Brigham Young so often and so emphatically "... never was a conclusion declared, can the people of God be led by revelation. In

more tortuously reached. the light of such a doctrine, whether Joseph Smith ever

Never was man asked to give up made mistakes or not becomes completely irrelevant: the

tenth section of the Doctrine and Covenants leaves us in no a belief that satisfied doubt at all as to his fallibility, a thing that the Prophet him, on slighter grounds."himself freely admitted. What mortals have ever been more

keenly aware of their weaknesses and shortcomings than the prophets?

On November 2, 1837, Phineas Richards and Reuben

Hedlock, the engraver, were appointed to "transact business for the Church in procuring means to translate and print the records taken from Catacombs of Egypt."102 Far

from expecting the Lord to do everything for him, or trying to do it all himself, the Prophet was soliciting human aid in the enterprise. This is enough to show what many of

the Brethren were quick to point out to Bishop Spalding, that the Book of Mormon and the Book of Abraham were not translated in exactly the same way. Indeed, there are

many thousands of people in the world who believe that while the Book of Mormon was translated by the gift and power of God, the translating of the Book of Abraham was lllustrated by Dave Burton not inspired at all; at any rate, the Reorganized Church

of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints has never accepted it duced to the world with the unheardof announcement, on as scripture. 1(,:i Some of Joseph Smith's contemporaries

the title page of the Book of Mormon, that it is quite claimed that he used the Urim and Thummim in transpossible for a book of holy scripture to contain "the mislating the Book of Abraham, but others denied it. 104 Who

takes of men."can draw the line between insight and inspiration, believHere we touch upon a basic misunderstanding that is at ing, as the Latterday Saints do, that all knowledge comes

the root of most criticism of Joseph Smith. The sectarian from God at various levels of revelation? "Joseph studied

world simply cannot understand how it is possible for a diligently and worked the figures over, bit by bit, quite prophet of God to make a mistake. They could never see, as an uninspired translator might have done,"wrote N. L.

for example, why Brigham Young, if he was really a Nelson. 1 ""'"He now redoubled his efforts,"wrote Sjodahl,

prophet, would need to experiment with sugar beets or a Church historian, "to understand them,... and in seven

silkworms: why should a prophet experiment? Shouldn't years his translation of the Book of Abraham was ready for

God reveal to him exactly what to do in every instance, the press."10 '1 The idea that "the translation came to him

so that he need never, never make a mistake? A glance at very largely as the result of persistent study"107 is borne

the Bible would have shown any searcher that that is not out in a story that the late Preston Nibley used to tell of the way God works. But for conventional Christianity the how in 1906 he visited the Nauvoo House in company

Bible itself was an allor-nothing proposition, absolutely with President Joseph F. Smith. President Smith (as Elder

perfect and complete, devoid of the slightest suspicion of Nibley recollected with his remarkable memory) recalled human error. It had to be that way, since revelation had with tears the familiar sight of "Uncle Joseph"kneeling on

March 1968 17 The Prophet's work on the Egyptian alphabet was never presented as revelation

the floor of the front room with Egyptian manuscripts gral part of the Book of Abraham. But what has all this got

spread out all around him, weighted down by rocks and to do with translating anyway? This brings us to

books, as with intense concentration he would study a line (2) Bishop Spalding's second spurious proposition, which of characters, jotting down his impressions in a little noteis that he is testing the Prophet's competence as a translator;

book as he went. indeed, the title of his book is Joseph Smith Jr. as a Trans-

"This afternoon,"the Prophet reported, "I labored on the lator. His whole object, as he explains it, is to show that

Egyptian alphabet, in company with Brothers Oliver "the whole body of belief"based on Joseph Smith's teachCowdery and W. W. Phelps, and during the research, the ings must be "repudiated"because "the translation of the

principles of astronomy as understood by Father Abraham 'Book of Abraham'is incorrect."111 What, then, are we to

and the ancients unfolded to our understanding."10 * Here think when we search through the interpretations of Joseph

the Prophet received information on two different levels, Smith that Spalding submitted to the authorities, and also according to a procedure prescribed by revelation: "... you the interpretations that they sent back to him in reply, and

must study it out in your mind; then you must ask me if discover that in all of them there is not a single word of

it be right...."(D&C 9:8.) The revelation may or may translation! "It may be said,"wrote S. A. B. Mercer in

not confirm one's studied conclusions. Joseph Smith's summing up the position of the critics, "that not one of the

work, here mentioned, on the Egyptian alphabet was never jury pretended to translate the poorly copied hieroglyphics,"accepted or even presented to the Church as revelation, instead of which they "interpreted the figures,"a very difand no one is bound by it;109 but the zeal and application ferent thing, as Mercer admits. 112

of the brethren was rewarded by a revelation that far Dr. Spalding's experts, with Dr. Mercer in the lead, intranscended any intellectual efforts of man. It is this revelasist from first to last that the whole issue is a linguistic

tion that is comprised in the Pearl of Great Price, and it is one. "I speak as a linguist,"wrote Mercer, "when I say that

by it and others like it that one may judge the Prophet if Smith knew Egyptian and correctly interpreted the

Joseph, and not by such preliminary gropings as the socalled facsimiles... then I don't know a word of Egyptian, and

Egyptian Alphabet and Grammar, which was never comErman's Grammar is a fake, and all modern Egyptologists pleted, never released for publication, and, so far as we are deceived."113 As for the others, they "did not condemn

have been able to discover, never even mentioned in pubthe Prophet's translations because of religious prejudices....

lic. Granted that diligent searching and study may be a They condemned it purely on linguistic grounds,"expresspreliminary to receiving revelation, the revelation when it ing "a scorn which was due to the crudeness of the

comes is certainly not to be judged by them. We are not linguistic work of the Prophet."114 Almost everyone, inonly permitted but also instructed to cast about for possible cluding the Mormons, has been fooled here,115 taking it for

solutions in our minds before the real solution is given us, granted that we have a band of learned linguists carefully and if we find Joseph Smith doing just that, we should not examining the work of Joseph Smith as a translator. We

rush to point out possible flaws in his preliminary speculahave nothing of the sort. There is a serious discrepancy

tions as proof that he was not inspired. here between the claims of the experts and their perWhere translation is concerned, Joseph Smith also operformance.

ated on two levels, with no danger of confusing the two. In the first place, it is claimed that Egyptologists (and

At no time did he claim that the gift of tongues is constant Spalding's experts are supposed to be tops) can read or permanent; like all gifts of the Spirit, it is bestowed when Egyptian with the greatest of ease. Professor E. J. Banks,

and as God chooses. The Prophet stated publicly more than who spent some time in Salt Lake City in 1915 in a

once that he had to study languages the hard way, like moppingup operation for Bishop Spalding, made much of anyone else, when not actually receiving revelation. 110 And this. "At the time Smith's translation was made,"he wrote

so we must allow him the luxury of having his own ideas in The Christian Herald, "no man could prove that it was about things, and making his own mistakes and his own not correct, for the hieroglyphics could not then be read;

translations as long as he plays the game fairly and never but now they are as easily read by scholars as the page of presents them as binding on others. an English book."110 "The Book of Abraham was Smith's

Since Bishop Spalding's avowed purpose is to test the weak point,"he wrote elsewhere, propounding a thesis that

Book of Mormon with the strictest objectivity and scientific was to be repeated in our own day: "He did not foresee

rigor, he is off to a poor start in asking us to judge it enthat in time the Egyptian hieroglyphics... would become

tirely on the merits of another translation, undertaken under as clear as English characters; that the Egyptian drawings

different circumstances and by a different method, and in would be perfectly intelligible, and that the deception turn to judge that other translation solely on the basis of a would become like an open book."117 And then comes

third source, the three Facsimiles, which were not an intethe announcement: "Since then the Egyptian language

18 Improvement Era available at Deseret Book! Stimulating Reading—always

1 TENDER APPLES by Ora Pate Stewart $3.95

Here is the book that first spotlighted the tremendous achievements of Ettie Lee—the woman who opened her heart to the plight of

delinquent boys. Now you can read for yourself the story of dedication

and open hearted generosity of the woman who made a fortune in order to spend a fortune on giving wayward boys an opportunity for a new start in life. The BYU film "Little Red Hen"closely

mirrored this original work.

2 YOU AND YOUR CHILD'S WORLD by Elliot D. Landau Cloth $3.95 Paper $2.95

Penetrating analysis of the motives and needs of children—a valuable tool for concerned parents who

wish to orient themselves to a more effective role as parents. Based on Dr. Landau's very popular radio

programs. A lively blend of common sense and

scientific fact.

3 OUR MORAL CHALLENGE by Mark E. Petersen $2.95

The temptations of today can and must be resisted. Elder Petersen clearly details the pitfalls

of permissiveness and the danger of accepting the "new"morality, which he reveals to be oldfashioned sin. Positive approach to the stimulating

challenge of living clean and productive lives.

4 "... A MORE EXCELLENT WAY."

by Neal Maxwell An effective and inspiring discussion of the true nature of leadership. The importance of love and genuine understanding

—the motivating forces of leadership in the Church—carefully

and authoritatively proclaimed.

5 MEET THE MORMONS by Doyle L. and Randall L. Green

New edition of a very popular work. Thoroughly updated.

Mew statistics and many striking new illustrations. Now printed on a

heavier deluxe stock. A wonderful gift book

for friends and investigators.

"THE ANVIL CHORUS"- $4.78 plus 15c postage

Magnificent and inspiring operatic choruses—

majestically performed with the Philadelphia Orchestra.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main Street, Orange, California 92668

Total cost $ This must include Z yh% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, Or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange.

Charge established account \ State Zip.

March 1968 19 endowed. "It would be an excellent move,"R. C. Webb

suggested, "if some of these experts should make a translation of these inscriptions, of which they know so much, "Only B. H. Roberts but which, according to others again, are illegible."124 He

also pointed out the interesting fact that Joseph Smith did took the experts to task not rush into giving a translation of any of the hieroglyphs—why not, since in his day they were perfectly meaningless

for not translating anyway, and no one could call him to account? This,

combined with the exceedingly unobvious interpretations the hieroglyphics."that the Prophet gave to many of the more obvious figures,

suggests to Webb that Smith was neither one of those naive enthusiasts who interpret Egyptian inscriptions like simple picturewriting, nor a sly deceiver who could easily have exploited those illegible little squiggles that made no sense even to Spalding's experts. 123

But why didn't any of the Spalding jury translate any of the hieroglyphics on the Facsimiles? It was an embarhas become perfectly intelligible."11 * One member of rassing question. Of course they protested that the figures

Spalding's jury declared that "Egyptian characters can now were too badly copied to be legible126—that was their

be read almost as easily as Greek,"119 and another (Merescape hatch; but unfortunately they were very careless

cer) could say, "We have many documents from all ab( ut locking it, for there was no agreement as to what was

Egyptian periods, from earlier than 3,000 b.c. down, and legible and what was not. "Did you not notice in the

they can all be read with comparative ease."120 letters received by you,"Dr. John A. Widtsoe asked Bishop

Well, then, why didn't they translate the hieroglyphics Spalding, "that some of the scholars were unable to read on the Facsimiles? Only B. H. Roberts took them to task the characters surrounding the main picture, while one

on this. "It should also be remembered,"he wrote, "that declares them to be the usual funeral inscriptions? Did you

these savants in their interpretation of the facsimiles... not know that M. Deveria seemed able to decipher many

give us no translation of what might be thought, by the of them? As a scientific investigator, why did you not

layman, to be the 'script'of the text, namely, the small satisfy us on this point?"127 "How can it be,"he asked

characters around the border...."121 "If, as one of the elsewhere, "that from Mr. Deveria to Dr. Barton some imply

jury declares, 'Egyptian characters can now be read almost that they are able to read the hieroglyphics easily; others

as easily as Greek,'one wonders how it is that one or the only with difficulty, and some not at all?... Why is such

other of the plates was not completely translated and its Egyptian darkness hovering over the translation of Plate 2?

story exhaustively told. Can it be that the Egyptologists Is it probable that Egyptologists cannot read it? Some have

are not as sure of their knowledge of ancient Egyptian so stated."128 Mr. Webb struck close to home when he

script as... Dr. Mace would lead us to believe they said, "... we may judge of the finality of the 'scholarly'

are?"122 conclusions, which are now being featured as the 'death

Professor Mercer's angry reply to this was to accuse warrant'of Smith's reputation as a translator, by the ability

Roberts of being an amateur: as "a layman in things of these scholars to translate on their own account.... I

Egyptian, he confuses the interpretation of figures with the want to call your attention to the Professor's [Mercer's]... the question of whether the hierotranslation of hieroglyphs... "12a—which is exactly what easy avoidance of

Mercer did when he repeatedly declared, on the basis of the glyphic figures on Plates 2 and 3 are really legible or not."

interpretation of figures alone, that the experts had proven And he goes on to point out that whereas Sayce and Petrie that Joseph Smith had failed as a translator of hierodeclared the characters totally illegible, Professor Breasted glyphics. Mercer went on to explain that "while the transbelieved they could be readily identified. 129

lation of ignorantly copied hieroglyphs is a precarious The Mormons were well within their rights when they proceeding, the interpretation of Egyptian figures is a comchided the critics for giving up so easily: to ask them to

paratively simple matter."32 '* Precisely, and that is exactly give up their religion on the authority of a test which the

why we are pleased that Dr. Spalding has called upon the experts themselves were unwilling or unable to carry through

world's foremost authorities, the few men who can master to the end was too much. After all, "ignorantly copied"

the more "precarious proceeding"while leaving the "comhieroglyphs are nothing new in the experience of any paratively simple"guessing games to the less magnificently Egyptologist—they are the rule rather than the exception,

20 Improvement Era an occupational hazard with which the specialist must live on familiar terms. "Scholars should not shrink from translating difficult texts,"Sir Allan H. Gardiner admonishes

his colleagues. "At the best they may be lucky enough to They never did

hit upon the right renderings. At the worst they will have

given the critics a target to tilt at."130 But to set themselves get around to testing

up as targets was the one thing that the Spalding jury was determined to avoid. They placed themselves in a very Joseph Smith

awkward position by speaking with great confidence, even arrogance, of documents they could not read; they would as a translator.'

flunk Joseph Smith in a test they could not pass themselves.

They could not very well refuse to take the test, either, because in claiming intimate familiarity with the material they provided the solution to the problem of the badly copied hieroglyphs.

If the hieroglyphics were so badly copied as to be totally illegible, B. H. Roberts asked, "how may the learned gentlemen pronounce upon them with such certainty..?"131 thousands of times"and that of Facsimile 3 "is depicted

"... none of them offers an interpretation of the inscripinnumerable times"in Egyptian art,136 it was only fair of

tions [of Facsimile 2],"J. M. Sjodahl observed. "This is the Mormons to ask him to supply them with just one such

all the more remarkable because they all agree that the identical scene for study: "If the doctor would kindly refer

object is very familiar to Egyptian scholars."132 The experts such to any books or museum collections in which a few of

weren't so helpless after all. In fact, the solution was these 'scores'could be found and studied, he would confer a

staring them in the face: the pictures could be easily indistinct favor."337 But no such assistance was forthcoming,

terpreted, Dr. Mercer observed, "because the same figures though Breasted had declared himself to be immensely

are to be found on many similar Egyptian papyri where the interested in the subject. Dr. Mercer gives himself away

text can be easily read."333 If a scene is badly drawn, we when he announces that "while the figures are copied fairly

have only to go to many betterexecuted drawings of the well, the hieroglyphs, with the exception of some simple.. the unusual and complisame scene to discover how it should look and how it signs, are incorrectly copied.

should be interpreted. And the same, of course, holds true cated signs are always wrongly copied. 13S This means that

of the hieroglyphics that go along with the pictures. Many Mercer is in a position to give us the correct version of the

important Egyptian writings occur in numerous copies badly copied texts since he knows what the proper characters found in tombs or on the walls of temples; literary classics, should be, and with it, of course, a translation. Why doesn't

copied over and over again as exercises by schoolboys, have he? Here a word is in order on the translation of Egyptian

often come down to us in a variety of hands. So every in general.

Egyptologist is bound at some time in his life to spend a "... it is unsafe,"writes Professor Albright, "to rely on

good deal of time comparing badly written or damaged texts any translations of Egyptian historical texts which apwith better ones to find out what the clumsier scribe is peared before Breasted's Ancient Records (1906), since trying to convey. Breasted was the first historian to take full advantage of

Hence, Bishop Spalding's learned jury hardly needed Dr. the tremendous progress in the knowledge of Egyptian

Widtsoe to suggest that since "the museums on both sides achieved by Erman and Sethe after 1880. 'It is equally

of the water"are stocked with papyri identical to those in unsafe to depend on any translations of Egyptian religious the Pearl of Great Price, "they might have been examined to texts made before about 1925, since that year marked the secure the counterparts of Joseph Smith's 'hieroglyphs.'"134 publication of the first volume of the great Berlin dicIsaac Russel, another layman and a nonMormon, sugtionary.... The first reliable English translations,of

gested the same procedure in cracking the code of the Egyptian religious texts appeared in Blackman's Literature hypocephalus (Fac. 2): "Another worthwhile phase of the of the Ancient Egyptians (1927), and Breasted's Dawn of

matter would perhaps be now to turn to hypocephali and Conscience (1933)."130 Since that was written there have

collect and compare all of them."133 That, after all, would been more important changes, but where does that leave

be the sensible way to go about it. Since Professor Breasted our experts of 1912? Elder Richard W. Young pointed to

had stated as his principal objection to the claims of Joseph the current issue of the Britannica, which stated that the

Smith that the scene in Facsimile 1 occurs "unnumbered Egyptologist who has long lived in the realm of conjecture

March 1968 21 "is too prone to consider any series of guesses good enough gists is exactly what Dr. Spalding had and what he

to serve as a translation,"and forgets to insert the notes of demanded of all others: with anything less than implicit

interrogation which would warn workers in other fields trust his whole project collapses. And they never did get

from implicit trust. 140 Implicit trust in his eight Egyptoloaround to testing Joseph Smith as a translator. O

(To be continued) FOOTNOTES

er in > The utah Survey, Vol. (Sept. 1 n7E. Banks, in Vol. Era, J. p..5. 1913), 774. 16, p. TIi'i''Mer John Henry Evans, "in Era, Vol. 16 hIbid., p. (1913), 346. p. 775.!"F. S. Spalding, Joseph Smith as Translator, 18. p. C. ""A. Mace, B. quoted Roberts, in H. by Neivs, Deseret 19, Dec. '"Deseret Netvs, Dec. 17, 4. 1912, p. p. 10. 1912, M'F. in Pack, J. Era, Vol. 16, 33739. pp. 12US. B. A. in Mercer, Vol. Era, 612. 16, p. "*F. in Pack, J. Deseret News, Dec. 21, p. J21B. 1912, 105 in Roberts, H. Vol. Era, 321. 16, p. im Sjodahl, J. M. in Era, Vol. 16, 327. p. 122B. Roberts, in H. Deseret Neivs, 19, Dec. 10. 1912, p. '"-Documentary History the of Church, Vol. '-'S. A. B. in Mercer, 52021 Survey, Utah Vol. 1, p. Era, pp Vol. 25, 16, and E Study - the HaggertV. A of Book 612. p. of Abraham2, Thesis (BYU J94b),,<>, crC 21. p.'in ]24R. C. Deseret Webb, News, 4. 5, July p. 1913, 1U4 See Wilford Woodruff's for Journal 12--'R. February 19, C. in Era, 1842 Vol. Webb, p. 16, 436.

L. Nelson, in 106N. Era, Vol. 16, 604. p. 12,iMercer, Survey, Utah 1, later. 24. this Vol. treat p. theme We Sjodahl, M. in 10aJ. Era, Vol. 16, 604. p. A. in Widtsoe, Era, 127John Vol. 16, 457. p.

,("F. in Pack, Era, J. Vol. 16, 335. p. Ibid., 618. p.

'""DHC, Vol. 286. 2, p. 32"R. in C. Era, Vol. Webb, 16, 1078. p.

have this treated,08We in theme Studies, 130A. Gardiner, in H. Spring BYU 1968. Journal Archaeology, Egyptian of Vol. 32 noSee Nibley, Hugh The Myth (Salt Makers 58. Lake: p. Bookcraft, (1946), 1961),

27172. The pp. whole Caswall story was to an ]31B. attempt in discredit Roberts, H. Salt Tribune, Joseph Lake reprinted 15, Dec. 1912,

as Smith a translator. in Deseret 10. 19, News, Dec. p. 1912,

S. lnF. Spalding, cit., op. 1213, 18. pp. in Sjodahl, Vol. Era, M. 16, ]32J. 329. p. naS. A. B. in Mercer, Era, Vol. p. 612. 16, 1MS. in A. B. Survey, Mercer, Vol. 1, 9. Utah p. nHbid., p. 615. in A. Widtsoe, Vol. Era, 45657. lrl4John 16, pp. IH S. A. B. in Mercer, Survey, Utah Vol. in 7. Russell, 1, Era, Vol. p. 1099. 16, p. I36J.

'-"See C. H. cit., Haggerty, op. 22. p. T. as Translator, E. 136Spalding, Joseph 26. Lyon, Smith p. Introduction

the Doctrine and Covenants Pearl and Great Price of (Salt in City: 5, Deseret C. Section p. viii, Lake 1STR. 3, News, 1913, July Webb,

of Department toLDS Education, p. 1948), holds 221, that 4. since Col. the

of engraver the facsimiles "unfamiliar was with the in 8-9. Egyptian 138S. B. Survey, A. Mercer, language,"Vol. 1, Utah pp.

the results inaccurate attest only reality "the of the existence in of Albright, the Filson, F. F. E. Westminster Wright G. V. and 8W.

manuscript the and translation"rather than the authenticity of the to Bible, Historical ed., the one Atlas 12. 1945 p.

the and correctness of other. the in citing Vol. Era, Encyclopaedia p.,iR. Young, 16, 462, W.

in "E. Banks, Literary J. The Digest, 10, July 1915, 66. s.v. ed., p. Britannica. 1910 55. p. "Egypt,"

-JsMh & k

Wash Day

By Maureen Cannon The morning's lemonyellow and A blue, Dutch blue. I hold my hand

Against the sun for shade and touch

A caper ivind that's making much

Of turning upside down and inSide out the corners where he's been,

The taunting, teasing, silly clown!

Just wait; I'll put my basket down

And pin him to my line where he

Can flap and stick his tongue at me,

Then poof!—I'll let him go. Imagine trying

Illustrated by Ed Maryon To stop what makes a lovely day for drying!

22 Improvement Era battle in Holbrook, the county seat. Others were jailed. This The Town broke up the outlaw gang,

and most of them left the state. Where People Pray

It is said that the town of By J. Virgil Bushman Joseph City built nine dams in

the Little Colorado River before

As soon as the Mormon invited to kneel in prayer. they were able to make one hold

pioneers arrived at the Little permanently. The river was their

Colorado River in 1876 and settled Then in 1882 the Astec Land worst enemy to conquer. But

the town of Joseph City, Arizona, and Cattle Company shipped through faith, prayer, and hard the Navajo Indians, with their thousands of cattle from Texas work, they succeeded in bringing

Chief PolChin-Clannie, came to and turned them loose on the its waters under control and even welcome and visit them. The Little Colorado River, where they in turning its muddy water

Indians enjoyed the bread and ate up the pioneers'grass range through settling tanks into clear molasses the Mormons gave them and came into the fields and ate water for irrigation.

to eat. They smacked their lips much of the crops. Joseph City

as if it were a real treat, saying people prayed for deliverance In the fall of 1918, when "slacon,"meaning sweet. Nearly from this cattle company menace. influenza struck the country,

every day of the year you could Soon a big drought came. With Joseph City was stricken also, and

see them in the homes of the no rain, the grass died and the many of the people were extremely

Mormons, where they were tanks dried up, leaving no water ill. There were no doctors in

welcome. for the thousands of cattle on the town, not even a trained nurse,

range; thus the cattle died by and when the people called for

The Mormon pioneers always the hundreds. Many others bogged doctors from nearby towns, the

asked a blessing on the food down in the quicksand of the doctors replied that they had at each meal. They knelt in Little Colorado River and died. more sick people where they were

family prayer every night and After terrible losses, the cattle than they could care for. So

morning. They dedicated their company shipped out of the the little town of Joseph City,

dams, their new homes, and their county the few cattle they could with about 350 people, was left crops with prayer; and even round up and -drive to the to do the best it could for itself

dances and social gatherings, as stockyards. without doctors. The people

well as Church gatherings, were united in prayer to the greatest opened and closed with prayer. However, another menace Physician of all. Everyone who

The Indians were impressed by followed the cattle exodus. Many was able to help his neighbors,

this praying and unity among the of the renegade cowboys who had nurse the sick, administer home

Gamillii, or Mormons, so they worked for the company remained remedies, and administer to the called Joseph City "The Town in the area, and they with other sick by the laying on of hands did

Where the People Pray."desperados began to steal horses his best. Soon the sickness

and cattle of the Mormons. The abated.

The Indians and Mormons Saints still continued to pray to became the best of friends and the Lord, this time to deliver

The Lord heard their prayers, neighbors. Never was there them from the outlaws, because

and the people emerged from trouble between them because of the sheriffs'officers of Apache this epidemic without loss of a stealing or warfare. Many and Navajo counties were afraid single soul. OnonMormon travelers and nonof the outlaw gangs. After a time,

Mormon politicians stayed at the there arrived a Commander Jacob Virgil Bushman, retired cattlehomes of the pioneers overnight Owens, an expert gunman with man and real estate businessman, and ate their meals there because unlimited courage. He was elected hasin Josephlived theCity,majorArizona,part ofwherehis lifehe

there were no hotels in the sheriff and shortly thereafter shot "lived, worked, traded, associated town. Family prayer was always and killed three of the outlaws with,people."and learnedHe livestoinloveProvo,the IndianUtah.

said, and the strangers were and wounded another in a gun

March 1968 23 Lullabie ndWa Hush now, my sister Soon you will not

cry anymore.

Shhh, and I will

sing our

mother's song."

illustrated by Ted Nagata

I / Chen clutched his sister's small she were here now?"had seen his mother do it many

hand and hurried through the Plopping down on a segment of times in exactly this way, but his crumbled pagoda, then out the broken concrete, he covered his throat tightened, and it didn't opposite side into the deserted face for a moment, sighed a deep seem to work as well anymore street. sigh, then looked at his twoyear- especially the last few days, when

Stopping abruptly, he yanked at old sister. Su Ying's crying had been more

the resisting pull on his arm. Su Ying's chin quivered and persistent.

"Stand up and walk, Su Ying! tears filled her eyes. "Su Ying "Hush now, my sister. Soon you

It is not much farther."Chen hungry!"will not cry anymore. Shhh, and I

sighed and stooped over. "Look, She began to cry, and Chen will sing our mother's song.

your clean dress has a spot on it. covered his ears. His face was

They will not take you if you are weary, and his eyes mirrored a 'Hush the night is coming on, dirty!"sadness that should not have been, Rest upon my breast;

Standing, he pulled his sister to for a boy of 12 years. Hush, my little baby child,

her feet, only to have her trip and He quickly pulled Su Ying onto Close your eyes and rest.

fall; then he heard the rip. his lap, and with his arms gently

"Oh, Su Ying,"he said sharply. but firmly wrapped around her, Continuing to hum, he looked

"What would our mother sav if began rocking back and forth. He down and watched his sister's

face, hoping this time the lullaby would for both of work—perhaps Janis Hutchinson of Wendovcr, Utah, was inspired to write this story by a photograph in an advertisement [or an international foster parents organization. The them.

mother of three children, she is secretary of Wendovcr Schools and teaches a Gospel Su Ying's crying finally softened class. Doctrine

to faint sobs and an occasional hiccup while Chen continued rock24 Improvement Era

By Janis Hutchinson Ricerm ing back and forth, humming the "Wake up, little sister. We are last word caught in his throat. He

familiar tune. His sister's eyelids here."hoped his parents would someday

closed and he sighed with relief. Placing Su Ying beside him, he forgive him for disgracing them

This time it had worked. sagged down and leaned against a with this lie.

Lullabies were nice, he thought massive wall. He stared across Stooping down, Chen kissed her

wistfully, but he was too big now the alleyway at the huge, arched cheek, then pried loose the tiny to be sung to. However, he was doorway, which marked the end of arms that clung about his neck.

glad he remembered this one for his journey. His heart was beatHe sniffed hard, picking up the

his sister. ing rapidly, like the wings of sweet scent of jasmine. The fraLooking about him, he tightened frightened birds. grance seemed to calm him, and

his hold on Su Ying. He wiped He felt Su Ying move closer to he tried to smile.

her tearstained cheeks with the him. and he glanced down the dark "Little sister, we have a great

torn edge of his cuff, then and quiet alley, then at the closed blessing here."He pointed tostraightened her dress that he had door. His voice sounded strange, ward the massive door of the

managed to wash clean in a bucket but he managed to speak in a building. "In there they will give

of rainwater the day before. Then matterof-fact tone. you food, and you will not cry at

he carefully raised himself to "You must look nice,"he said. night anymore when you go to

standing position, holding Su Ying He brought out a small comb and sleep.

tightly to his chest so as not to ran it through her short black "And you will have a bed awaken her. hair. think of it, Su Ying—with warm

Moving slowly, Chen passed Su Ying smiled up at him and covers! These honorable people

down the long street strewn with patted her hair with her small will see that you are taken care of.

debris, reached the outskirts of the hand. Tears quickly came to Maybe they will even send you to

village, and sloshed through a Chen's eyes, but they were briskly America. This I have heard is

muddy rice paddy. Su Ying stirred brushed away. possible!"Chen bowed his head

and began to cry again. "Your dress will be all right."slightly.

"Shhh... we are almost there,"He spoke abruptly while smooth- "America is a great land, for it

he said, pointing to the lights ing the wrinkles as well as he has many, many bowls of rice—all

ahead. could. you could want to eat. And maybe

He shifted her into one arm, Then taking a folded paper some lady—a very nice lady—will

straddling her on his hip. Su Ying from his pocket, he slowly began put shoes on your cold feet and

sobbed softly, then laid her head to write in the dim light that came mend this tear in your dress."

upon his shoulder and closed her from beneath the door. Su Ying looked down at the

eyes once again. "Please take care of my sister. rip, and her eyes began to fill.

Reaching the village, Chen Our parents are dead many weeks. Chen smiled quickly and took her

walked down the dark street and I am twelve and can no longer find hand.

passed by two ragged peasants, food for this small sister. To my "But do not worry about the

who were hunched over in a ears came news of your House, so rip now. They will love you anycorner of an abandoned building. I bring Su Ying to you."way, for you are a good little

At the end of the street he saw the He reread the note twice, then sister. Maybe the lady will even

place: a large building with a small gently pushed it into Su Ying's rock you and sing the lullaby. Chen

sign over the entranceway. hand. is not good at this. It is for

After looking about him for a "You must stand there, by the women to hold children and sing moment, he turned, went down a door."Chen moved away, and Su lullabies."

side street, and entered the alley Ying started after him. Su Ying stood with the note

behind the building. His steps "No, no, little sister."He still clutched in her hand, listening

were slower now, and his throat pushed her gently back. "I will intently as her brother continued.

was tight* as he gently shook Su just be a few minutes. Wait for "To my ears have also come

Ying. me here and I will return..."The sayings of much happiness among

March 1968 25 these people in America. They she looked at the door with the few minutes leaning back against a

have whole families who are happy yellow light. Those few seconds large barrel. The stillness sometogether, and do you know why? were all Chen needed. Swiftly he how seemed very acute, and he

They are glad because their ran a few yards, then ducked to glanced now and then down the mothers can sing to them and one side within the shadows of a darkened alley where Su Ying had mend dresses and fix warm bowls small moongate. last stood. He pressed his shirt

of rice."He sadly shook his Peering from his hiding place, together where a button was gone,

head. "I cannot do these things, Chen watched breathlessly as the and brushed an imaginary speck

Su Ying."door opened, letting the light from from his pants.

Su Ying looked very serious for inside fall upon Su Ying. Chen Chen was glad the lady had

her two years, and Chen stepped swallowed hard as he watched Su put her arm around Su Ying. He

back a few steps. Ying look up into the faces of two hoped she could sing the lullaby.

"Oh, little sister,"Chen sighed, women. One of the women knelt He glanced upward. The silver

"you do not know what I am sayin front of Su Ying and very river of heaven was fading away ing... and you will not rememgently put her arm around her. as hints of dawn began to touch

ber."His throat hurt and it was He knew the lady was speaking the sky. He stood slowly and

hard to swallow. softly to Su Ying, and he thought ambled up the alley, pushing a

"May you gaze up to much he saw her smile in return. Chen small rock with his foot.

happiness, Su Ying..."smiled too, a little. Hesitating, he turned for a

He quickly blinked a tear away Su Ying held out the note. The moment and looked back at the

and moved over to the doorway. second lady took it, and Chen door with the light. He nodded

Raising his arm, he gave a few soft seemed to stop breathing as she slightly. Su Ying needed lullabies

knocks, then quickly ran toward read it. The lady turned as she and warm rice. He took a long deep

the far end of the alley. Su Ying, finished reading, motioning toward breath, straightening himself as tall

her eyes wide, let out a cry and someone in the building. Other as possible. The night's shadows

started after him. Chen whirled women appeared, and Chen could slowly dissolved with the morning

around quickly and spoke sharply. now hear their excited voices rays, which now began to poke

"No, Su Ying! You cannot echoing surprise and concern. The their way between the buildings.

come!"Firmly he pointed back tofirst lady, still kneeling by Su He was glad that the news of

ward the door. Ying, gently gathered her into her the house had come to his ears.

"Look, little sister—someone arms and reentered the building Yes, Chen decided, this was truly

will open the door soon. Give with the others following. The a day of thanksgiving. He tried

them the paper... watch the door swung shut, leaving the alley to feel happy, but as he moved

door!"once more in silence. down the lonely street, his feet

Su Ying's head turned for a Chen straightened himself from dragged, and there was an emptimoment, her chin trembling, and his hunched position and sat for a ness inside that hurt. O

Ode to a Rolling Pin Dear Rolling Pin: I hope you wont feel slighted;

By Frances Carter Yost After one hundred years you get to rest.

Literally thousands of folks you've delighted

With pie, biscuits, and cookies of the best.

You crossed the plains and knew of scanty living

When dough was rolled quite thin to go around.

You knew just what it was to give a sieving

When flour sold for one dollar a pound.

Long years ago you lost your pretty handles,

Yet willingly rolled on and did not shirk.

You made shortcakes and scones by lighted candles;

A younger rolling pin will do your work.

And yet, occasionally 1 think that I

E.M. Will ask your help to make a special pie.

26 Improvement Era by Alma Heaton

Over 700 games, selected according to occasion: outings,

reunions, church activities, family frolics, etc. There are

active games, and quiet games; children's games and

teenand-adult games; indoor games and outdoor games;

games with gospel application and games with none;

games using pencil and paper, swimming games, traveling games; and quizzes and riddles. Church leaders, teachers

or parents never need be at a loss for an appropriate game for any event, large or small.

$3.95

2. The Character 3. A Pocket Book 4. Food for Tho't

of Jesus of L.D.S. Verse. by Mary Taylor

by Charles Edward by Walter M. Home Superb recipes compiled

Jefferson Specially selected poems by the late Mary Taylor, 26 fascinating lectures for use by Latterday formerly home economist which will bring the reader Saints. $1.25 for Utah Power & Light

closer to the Master. Company. $4.95

$3.25

5. Fantastic Victory 6. The Way to 7. The Quest for

by W. Cleon Skousen Happiness Excellence

A penetrating account of by Rulon S. Howells by Sterling W. Sill

Israel's latest rendezvous The truths taught by Jesus Collection of short stories with destiny. presented in a special way and essays showing tech-

... 54 pages of fullcolor niques for personal per-

$3.75 pictures. $1.50 fection. $3.75

BOOKCRAFT

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah BOOKCRAFT I

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money

Order in the amOUnt Of (Residents of Utah add 3% sales tax)

3 4 5 6 7 12 Name

Address

City, State, Zip y March 1968 27 seeds, planted and personally cared for them in his own garden, and soon was sharing mulberry cuttings with all who would take and plant them. He also

imported silkworm eggs from France and Italy.

As the feasibility of the project grew, Zina D. H.

Young, one of President Young's wives, went from

care to feed and while for silkworms, how urging of importance the industry. It is said that she FORTHE LTIDIES theone settlement to another in the territory, teaching

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. wore the first dress loomed from Utahgrown silk.

Research Editor A large cocoonery was built in 1865 at the Church "Why not plant the mulberry? President Young farm, now the Forest Dale section of southeast Salt

imported the seed, and he has on hand a half milLake City, with Aunt Zina as the first manager. Later

lion of trees for sale. The silkworms are here, and managers were less successful than she, and in

our sisters and children have nimble fingers to 1875, herculean attempts were made to breathe new handle them.... There is nothing on the face of life into the silk industry. In that year a Mrs. Dunyon

the earth to hinder us, as a people, from making our operated the cocoonery and raised 750 pounds of own ribbons, silk handkerchiefs, and dresses; and cocoons. Handkerchiefs, laces, and scarves were

it is believed, by those who are acquainted with the manufactured, and homemade silk fringes adorned business, that we can actually produce silk here at the St. George Temple.

a lower figure than other material for clothing, taking Working under President Young's direction, into account the time it will last."(Journal of DisAlexander C. Pyper, his business manager, then

courses, Vol. 12, p. 143.). carried on a silk project in a small brick building

So spoke Elder George A. Smith of the Council to the rear and north of the Beehive House. Five

of the Twelve, later a member of the First Presiyoung ladies of the President's family came three dency, at the October 1867 conference in the Tabertimes a day to feed the worms. It was so successnacle. At the following conference in April he ful that Elder Pyper remodeled his own barn the

carried the theme forward: next year, and his family also raised silkworms.

"We would like to see our wives and daughters The pinheadsize silkworm eggs were kept on clad in the most delightful silk, but we cannot get metal, away from such deadly natural enemies as it; and yet it can be cultivated and produced by their rodents, spiders, and ants. Until ready to hatch,

own nimble fingers, in this climate; just as easily they were kept in a ventilated place below 50 F.

as flax or wool, and at very little more expense."About the time the mulberry leaves began to appear

(JD, Vol. 12, p. 199.) in the spring, the eggs were moved from the cellars

President Brigham Young was early convinced and placed on hurdles in a temperature between 75 that silks could be produced by the Saints. He had and 80 F. Soon the hurdles were covered with

mentioned this when selecting the site for the Salt squirming, voracious little worms, black in color at

Lake Temple, and he referred to it in his first sermon first, and they were given all the fresh mulberry in the valley. He sent to France for mulberry tree leaves that they could devour.

28 Improvement Era ATTENTION, CHOIR CONDUCTORS!

Suggested LDS Choir Anthems

Abide With Me, 'Tis Eventide Gates M

All Glory, Laud and Honor Schreiner M

All in the April Evening Robertson M

America the Beautiful Asper M Awake! Arise! Stickles E

Beautiful Zion for Me Daynes E

Bless Ye the Lord Ivanoff E Brother James Air Jacob M

Cornwall Come, M Ye Saints Come k Come, Come Ye Saints Robertson D

Davis of the Earth Beauty M For the

Glory to God Kessel M God Is Holy Eberlein M God So Loved the World Stainer E

Illustrated by Don Young GospelStrength,Gives TheUnbounded Schreiner E

The life of the silkworm is about six weeks. It Gospelof GodIs Truly the Power Schreiner M

eats little during its four molting periods. The silkHe Watching Over Israel Mendelssohn M

worm raisers found that tobacco smoke was a mortal HereHoly Cityin This House ArnoldHoworth MMD enemy of the worms, and a thunder and lightning HowMountainsBeautiful Upon the Harker MD storm often caused death among them. I Shall Not Pass Again Effinger E

When they were approximately forty days old, the If ThisYe LoveWay Me, Keep My Carlbon M worms were about three inches long. These adults, In CommandmentsMy Father's House MacDermid M

who now refused to eat, sought a suitable place on Jerusalem, Turn Thee Gounod M frames or brush and began spinning their cocoons, Jesus,King ofNameLoveofMyWondrousShepherdLoveIs TitcombShelley MD gradually covering themselves. The silken sarLet Not Your Heart Be Foster M

cophagi, about the size of a peanut, contained about LetTroubledUs Oft Speak Kind Words Gates E 1,300 yards of continuous thread. Lo, My Shepherd Is Divine Haydn MD

The cocoons needed for seed were given a cool Lo,Lord WhatBless aYouBeauteousand KeepRoseYou PraetoriusLutkin ME place for about 12 to 15 days, and soon a white moth Lord Is a Mighty God, The Mendelssohn M appeared, bursting the cocoon, so that the silk was LordLord HearIs MyOurShepherd,Prayer The VerdiRichards MDM useless. Each female moth produced about 500 Lord's Prayer Gates M

eggs (40,000 eggs weighed one ounce), and next MayLord'sNowPrayerThy Spirit TrehorneRobertson MDM season's silk production was planned. My Redeemer Lives Gates M

The cocoons not reserved for egg production were NowJoyfulLet the Heavens Be Chambers M subjected to heat, which killed the chrysalides, and Now Thank We All Our God Holler E the cocoons were ready for the reeler, usually in the NowBrotherThank ManWe All Our God BachRobertson MM hands of the young women of the family. theCast LordThy Burden Upon Aulbach E

In 1876 the Deseret Silk Association was orgaCome, Let Us Worship Mendelssohn M nized. A factory was built at Canyon Road and Third PastGod, Our Help in Ages Cornwall M

Avenue, a few blocks from Temple Square. Eastern Lofty Mountains Cannon M

machinery was purchased, and an English expert WorshipLoving Savior,the KingSlain for Us CornwallAuber MM was brought to manage the factory. For a while the Onward Ye People Sibelius M

silk had a good market, and enthusiasm ran high. OpenOpen theOur GatesEyes JenkinsMacfarlane DM

Local exhibits featured silk products, and a booth Poor Wayfaring Man of Grief Durham M was maintained at the Women's Building at the SonSpiritof ofManGod NeidlingerRobertson MM

Chicago World's Fair of 1893. But by this time Still, Still With Thee Shelley M

many who had spent their lifetimes behind the silk ThanksThat Blessedto Thee,Easter LordMorn HandelCaldwell ME project were old, and readymade silk could be easily Verdant Meadows Handel M

Schreiner MD Are Watchmen Wepurchased. M Shaw Singing of Voice a With

Legislative appropriations were made for a while 1 indicate easy, E, Letters The M, MD and D difficult, and difficult. mediumto keep Utah's silk flame from dying out, but now j medium,

is 25c to 30c Average Price the silk industry is little more than a pleasant chapStewart's the world Pate searched Ora people pioneer ofter the who */ Mj f/fgyr/riTrKJLif Child"a "To m4 homeland. to their chosen fine things bring to Oover Trio or Solo Music CoI *

50c each IDAHO P.FALLS.0. BoxIDAHO2009 83401

March 1968 29 t r

Major Genealogical Record Sources inI

Continuation of the MAJOR SOURCE AVAILABILITY BY CENTURY series CENTURY on new TYPE OF RECORD 13th 14th loth 16th 17th 18th 19th 20th research papers 1. Civil Registration

2. Census Records

3. Family Registers and Citizens Registers

4. Military Records

The chart and table that fol- 5. Emigration Records

low contain the major gene- 6. Parish Registers

of alogical record sources 7. University Registers Switzerland. sources The major

are listed, together with type 8. Tithing Books

period covered, of record, type given, of information and 9. Genealogical City Registers

source availability. 10. Donations for Reading Mass After Death

Table A shows at a glance the 11. Notarial Records

record sources available for a 12. Wills & Probate Records

research problem in a particu-, 13. Burgher Rolls

lar century.

Table B provides more detailed information about the major records available. For

example, if a pedigree problem is in the 17th century, a quick indication can be obtained from Table A of the MAJOR SOURCES CHRONOLOGICALLY ARRANGED sources available for that TYPE OF PERIOD period. to Table Reference GIVEN AVAILABILITY TYPE OF INFORMATION RECORD COVERED

will then provide more B com- 1. of birth; 187(3 registers: to name, the date and place Write REGISplete information. residence, of and occupation parents standsamt) to names,Birtli andcivilaskregistrarfor a (Zivilfamily present TRATIONCIVIL

certificate (Familienschein) (Zivilslandsllegister) Marriage register*: names, ages, residence,

oi bride occupation groom; date and and NOTE.

residence, place of marriage; occupanames, (Waad) fromIn the18001876Canton theof minisVaud

tion ol parents; names ul witnesses and perters officiated as civil registrars

son who performed ceremony There are special registers for the

Death registers: name, age, sometimes place secondary registration of births,

of birth, date and place of death, occupamarriages, and deaths of the citizens tion, name of surviving spouse, name and of each locality living in other residence ot informant, cause of death, someplaces in Switzerland times names ot parents, sometimes names of children 1. CENSUS 1837, Names of family members, servants, ages, Available for Canton of Aarau

RECORDS( Volkszaeh1850 occupations only; state archive in Aarau

tungslistenj:5. FAMILY REGISTERS Approx1820 to ofNames;completebirth,familiesmarriage,of theandcitizensdeathof dateseach CitizensSt. Gallen,registersSissachin print(Baselland),for: Bern,

& CITIZENS present locality; religion, occupation, marital status, Thun, Winterthur, Zotingen, and

REGISTERS age. and parentage possibly others

Prepared by the Research Department of the Genealogical Society

Improvement Era

TYPE RECORDOF COVEREDPERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY

for available 18201929, can- [FamilienApprox Register)

Bern; of Zuerich, and Aargau, tons {Buergerfederal law in by 1929 introduced Register)

civil to the in all cantons. Write

registrar and ask for a family certificate.

area In the Frenchspeaking NOTE.

the the office of of Switzerland, civil registrar is called the "Office d'Etat Civil"4. RECORDSMILITARY Approx1800 to occupationName of soldier, rank places of residence, theInformationEidgenoessischescan be obtainedMilitaer fromDe-

(Mititaer present partment, Bundeshaus, 3000 Bern

Akten)

date of emigrant, of issue of permit, information before write For 1848 Name C 5. EMIGRATION

citizenright, birthplace, origin, resiplace ol to the of present the state archive canton; RECORDS{Passkonto17th for after dence write to 1848 information

trollen) the Schweizer Bundesregierung,

Bundeshaus, 3000 Bern

Protestant: records Christening par- (Taujbuecher): before and Lutheran Reformed PARISH Some

oi 1600 contain ish of christrecords (Genealogical Approx film on name 6. REGISTERS

ening, of father, {Pjarrbuecher 1550 to Society): BaselStadt, of godparents; name BaselLand

after or present 1600 in of mother name nameschild,is includeddate (in German), Geneva, and Vaud

KirchenFrench) Catholic: bueeher) Marriage of (Ehebuecher): names

\pprox couples of of parfollowing andregistersdate the For the cantons marriage; names

i 580 to ents ginals included after are 1800 in the state archives: Zueori-

present (Liestal), Solothurn, Death registers (Catholic). Lausanne

ceased, date of ( Sterberegister)death or burial;: namechildren'sof derich,Neuchatel(Catholic).BasellandIn cantons, the other

burials name parents the originals are in the archives of the civil registrar. Most Catholic

registers are stored in local parishes

15th 7. UNIVERSITY C Name

to present REGISTERS names ofof parentsstudent, andplaceageofoforigin,the studentsometimes Basel:(GS) 15th C to present in print

((Universitaets Matrikeln) Geneva and Lausanne: 16th C to

present

Zuerich: 1832 to present

The older records are in the state archives; newer records are in the

university archives

15th 8. TITHING Names C arrecords church

to present; BOOKS payment,of residence,persons whoplacepairlof origin,tithe, datecitizenof Catholic chives; recLutheran andin theReformed

in later (Zenntbuecher) right in ords of services state archives;

some professional researcher advised cantons 9. GENEALOGICAL 15th19th CC to tivePedigrees,family historiesdescendants charts, with respecSchajjhausen: city courthouse

CITY Glarus: state archive, Glarus

REGISTERS printed Swiss genealogies Many (Genealogische NOTE.local andliare available in various Bern: state archive, Bern

StadtRegister) braries, historiessome (GS)

Zuerich: state archive, Zuerich

For information write to the civil registrar in the city concerned

10. in pertaining and data DONATIONS the Catholic Some parishes,

the deceased, READto14thpresentC Nameto FOR other namesgenealogical in someothers and state city archives; and

times grandparents, ING MASS formerof parentsresidence lists older some published: have been

AFTER older the records are written

DEATH(Calendarium) Latin in (Jahrzeitbuecher) (Daten betr.

Legate fuer Todesmessen)

wwr&wm,March 1968 31 2 continued 3 SWITZERLAND,

TYPE OF COVEREDPERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION AVAILABILITY RECORD

records Land Local 14th courthouse (Cantonalund C heirs for several( Katasterbueeher):generations, ages, residence,names of to present; Amtsgericht)

in occupation 11. RECORDSNOTARIAL{Notariats later state; olderarchives;records ton and somein citiescanar- of their catalogs printed Registers) some

contracts Marriage cantons holdings, arcity to write chive the of couple, ages, names( Ehevertraege):of parents, placesnamesof have chives (Stadtoder hall or town

origin, residence for informaGemeindeverwaltung) tion Inheritances (EbschaftenJ: names of testator The

relationships and heirs, residences, a completestate archivedepartmentof Solothurncontaininghas divisions or estate the numerous

Donations names of dona- (Schenkungen): for of Solodistributions the canton

tor residences and receivers, thurn

Inventories alter death (Bestandsaujnahmen nach dem Tode): name and age of deceased,

residence, occupation, names of survivors, relationships

Contracts for sale of property, mortgages, loans, etc.: names of parties involved, occupations, residences, places of origin, ages, names

of parents 12. WILLS & to12thCpresent Namesplaces ofofresidence,testator occupationsand heirs, relationships, LocalAmtsgericht);courthousesome (Cantonalundin state and PROBATE

RECORDS(TestameiHe. city archives

Hinterlassen schaften)

13. of hirth, date marriage, for of Bern, print and place In the cantons BURGHER

to Sissach, death; St. dates pertaining Baselland, and names Gallen, ROLLS tollthCpresent Name,and

sisters, children, hrothers (Buergerparents, and Zofingen, grandand Winterthur, Thun,

Register) parents, sometimes greatgrandparents Zuerich. In other cantons they are

In the gazetteer a Swiss Canton of Zurich from 1634Consult NOTE. in the canton and state archives.

1725, called registrar, "Bevoelkerungsverzeichnisse,"tion of civil then forwritelocato then up to 1800 called "Haushaltungsregisthe civil registrar for information ter,"then later "Burgher Rolls"

p-3

A Song For Johnny

By Lucille R. Perry

/ weep for Johnny when he turns to go;

Inivardly I mourn his tivisted gait.

He ivalks a crooked path, lumbering and slow,

And calls out to the other boys to wait.

I mind it ivhen he falls; and if I could,

Would give a steadying hand, or bring him back,

His cheerful stance denying that I should.

With one good leg he makes his tortured track.

Look long when you see the lithe young legs

Effortlessly lifted from the land,

But not at Johnny, for his great heart begs

No farthing—he finds it good to stand

And throw a rock as far as he can see.

He laughs to watch the other fellows run;

His arms are strong, and wrapped around a tree.

They pull him upward, high into the sun.

32 Improvement Era Do you want life to always be this good?

Of course you do, but you must plan for it. This requires Balanced Family

Planning and it's yours from the

pioneer in the field, Surety.

Today, start building with FundLife *—a unique Surety

concept—by returning the

attached cardfor free

information on Balanced

Financial Planning. This

will give you the security of knowing you can provide the good life, the full

life, the FundLife*

that combines low

cost life insurance

protection with the

exciting growth

potential of Mutual

Funds. Fill in the

card and mail

it today.

*Life insurance or mutual funds may be purchased separately.

Ii

.SMJLAKEc,,.

a new way of life

Organized in 1936—Licensed in 49 states

March 1968 33 How toMakeMoney

Turning Financial Folly Into Family Fun (Part 3)

Attentive care of flowers turn a higher income, but nonethe- "Why did you give me that watching for weeds, insects, and less, this is a commendable way money?"Standing nearby was the

dry soil—will produce the best to save. bank manager, who explained how

blooms. Sporadic watering, care- 2. Credit unions provide a very her talents (money) had been

less weeding, and other inattentions good way of saving because they wisely placed and had earned for will result in failure. So it is with pay a reasonable rate of interest her the increase. Now the young

handling money. Those who are (usually 5 percent or better). girl voluntarily saves some of her

careful to check regularly where Even more importantly, regular small allowance and proudly takes their money is and what it is doing payroll deductions assure a sysit to the bank regularly.

will probably enjoy a good return. tematic way of saving for those who 4. Mutual funds. After a given

Those who are slovenly about do not have the selfdiscipline to amount has been tucked away handling money and who fail to put some away each month. It is safety where it can be had if

watch the little things will probsort of a voluntary forced"savings. needed, one should consider other

ably not enjoy economic wellbeing. 3. Savings accounts in banks and investments. Why? Because there

Here are some suggestions for reputable and insured savings and are places where money can earn handling money for extra income: loan institutions are very good. as much as 50 percent or more.

Investments can be a significant Here again, they pay reasonable Caution: where opportunity for

source of extra income. This is a sort of "voluntary forced"savings, high earnings exists, there is also

particularly helpful to have for the the money is usually readily availgreater risk of loss. Investing in

retirement years or for missions or able. Savings certificates earn a the stock market has brought sigeducation. There are numerous little more, but the money is not nificant income to many. However,

places to place money to gain addias readily available. Every family for the neophyte, buying stocks

tional income "while you sleep."should have a given amount in can prove disappointing when he

There is only one catch—one either savings bonds, credit unions, does not know what he is doing.

usually can't invest without some or savings accounts where it is seFor this reason, many choose muaccumulation of capital. This recure and there is little or no chance tual fund investing. When one

quires either savings or inheritance. of losing it. buys into a mutual fund, a group

Young couples should learn that An exciting idea for the family of professionals invests his money putting off purchasing some conis to set up a special piano, misin stocks and bonds. This is a

sumer items now in favor of sion, vacation, or Christmas acvery good way for the layman to savings will give them a much count, and to let the family watch gain the advantages of stock inmore comfortable material life it grow. Children should be vestments without becoming an

later when family expenses and taught the value and use of a savexpert.

other needs require much more. ings account. One father took his There are two kinds of mutual

Here are some ways to earn tenyear-old daughter to the bank funds: balanced funds and growth

extra money through investments: six months after she had opened a funds. Usually, balanced funds are

1. Savings bonds are very safe, small account. The bank teller safer and more conservative, but

and they provide an opportunity took the passbook, added six they experience less increase than for one to put action into his promonths'interest to the account, growth funds. Growth funds are

fession of patriotism. There are and handed the book back. The a little more risky, but they also

other uses of money that will regirl's immediate question was, hold promise of greater income. A

34 Improvement Era WhileYo\>W)

By Quinn G. McKay, Ph.D.

Dean, School of Business and Economics, Weber State College

good mutual fund should earn at start with $200 or $300. (Usually but in a sense it is, since it can

10 percent or better per year ( some the smaller the amount, the higher provide extra income in case of as high as 50 percent under normal the percentage cost.) Direct stock disaster. How much insurance

circumstances ). Should you invest market investing is usually best does one need? What kind of inin balanced funds or growth funds? rmlv for those who intend to make surance? Which is the best policy?

A general guide is that younger and keep themselves informed and It is frustrating that there are people may find growth funds more to develop a degree of expertise. so manv different kinds of insurattractive because of their poten- 6. Real estate and new comance and benefits that the layman

tial for high returns; older people panies can be sources of wealth. may be confused and may become

may prefer balanced funds for In the long run, investing in real a victim of the smoothesttalking greater security. estate can be rewarding, but one salesman. Perhaps the industry

One other thing: most mutual must make sure he buys it for a will one day develop a system

funds charge about an eight pergood price and can hold it for whereby the layman can make cent commission for the salesmen some years. Real estate investment valid comparisons on his own. Unwhen you buy in, so you should should be entered into cautiously til then one should be aware that

plan to leave your money in for unless one knows what he is doing. costs of similar coverage can vary

at least two years. There are, If he does not need immediate insignificantly from one company to

however, a few good "noload"come and can wait for years, then another. If one can make himself

funds that charge no commission. "one of the best investments on knowledgeable about insurance,

These have no salesmen, and one earth is on earth,"as one man has shopping around will pay divimust write to their offices for insaid. dends. In such a case, talk to

formation and purchase. A good New companies are really not different representatives at differbanker, business professor, or liinvestments for the layman. Too ent times and try to compare costs

brary book can give you names and many people have misplaced their for "equal"coverage. Be careful of

addresses. faith and their money in glowing the extras in a policy; some are

5. Stock market. Investing can promises and have lost it all. It substantive in value, while some

be educational and financially reis wise to avoid surefire, getrich- are mostly window dressing or warding. It is usually a bit of a quick schemes. Be very skeptical gimmicks with little real value to

guessing game, and those who are of "hot tips."Get advice from a the policy holder. Other than this,

best informed do somewhat better. good finance man, and don't take the best advice this writer can give

There is no assurance, however, advice from the fast talker. The is to find an insurance agent who

that one will actually make money. best people to see for financial adfeels a personal obligation to you

If you are interested, go to an invice are those who have made and whom you can personally vestment house and get acquainted money, not those who can talk but trust. This means someone you

with a reliable broker who will have nothing to show for it. Do know or who has been recomcheerfully discuss investing with not invest your lifetime earnings mended to you by a reliable friend.

you and will help you choose a on an uncertain scheme just beIf you buy all the insurance most stock for as little as one percent cause someone says it's good. Lisunderwriters would like to sell

fee and an average cost of two ten to one who knows his finances. you, you will be insurance poor. On

percent. You do not need $1,000 7. Insurance may not be conthe other hand, many people probto start buying stock. One can sidered a source of extra income, ably do not have enough insurance.

March 1968 35

"Life insurance--a wise purchase if it is not overdone."

Generally, one should insure only when a $100 or even a $200 repair low, the family will just have to against risks he cannot bear. A bill will not break anyone. Using bear the risks. Even for higher

threemonths'hospital stay, law $100 or $200 deductible can often income families, prudent investing suit for an automobile accident, or reduce premiums significantly. Ancan often build a nest egg equivaloss of the bread winner—for most other note: Teenage drivers who lent to the face value of a usualpeople, these are risks that personal have a "B"average or better will size policy in a reasonably short

income cannot meet. However, have lower premiums. Good grades time.

don't use insurance for maintepay. Term insurance is much less exnance. There is no need to insure 3. Life insurance. This is a wise pensive than ordinary or whole life

for a $100 repair bill on a car or a purchase if it is not overdone. How and should be fully considered

$200 dental bill for a year's fillings. much to have is hard to say. The when contemplating purchase of

Such limited costs, though undeauthor feels that having enough life insurance. This type of policy

sirable, can be met from regular life insurance to cover every congives good coverage when risks are income, and cost of premiums will tingency—missions, putting children highest (while the family is growbe saved. through school, lifetime income for ing) and simultaneously allows one

Three main kinds of insurance for wife—costs too much for most to use extra money that otherwise

consideration include people and should not be attempted might be spent on premiums for 1. Health insurance. For a family unless one really has more money investments promising a much

with small children this is a must. than he knows what to do with. greater return. Some will say that

A $20,000 medical bill could cause Remember that each family should life insurance is a "forced savings"a lifetime burden. Usually a consider the alternate uses for plan; that is, that it forces people

group policy where one works is money. Income used for life into accumulate some estate where

quite reasonable. If a young surance premiums cannot be made otherwise they would save nothing.

couple is responsible for an elderly available for regular investment. This is true in some cases; however,

parent, it is less expensive to pay For those who lack the selfdisci- there are other "forced"savings for a health premium than a propline to save, whole life premiums plans that usually pay higher earnlonged hospital stay and medical do act as a kind of forced savings. ings rates and provide greater

costs. The author feels that if income flexibility. These would include

2. Car insurance. This is a must. can meet premiums, a father payroll deductions for a credit

No car, no matter how old, should should have enough insurance in union, mutual funds, or making ever be on the road without liathe event of his death to cover regular payments on a piece of bility insurance. This pays for anliving expenses until the smallest property. Remember, no one can

other car or truck should you cause children are in nursery school insure against all risks, so don't try.

an accident. Most people are underand/or mother can get enough Keep some money available to live

insured here; $5,000 is not enough. training to get a job; enough insuron, and invest now while the family

A big bus or truck could cost well ance money should also be availis growing. Savings, investment,

over $20,000. Most people have able to pay the mortgage on the and insurance are good ways to

too much collision insurance. This house. For lower income families, increase income. Relying on mooninsurance is what pays for your insurance to cover three years'lighting and working mothers

car. Buying $50.00 deductible costs for living will probably be a seems undesirable unless absooften costs too much, especially maximum. When income is too lutely necessary. O

36 Improvement Era Another service of First Security Bank:

GUARANTEED 5%PERANNUM 5 YEAR SAVINGS CERTIFICATES

Example: 1-2 '78 Deposit today Get back '100 five years from today

SS -that's an increase of $21 in five years, an average yield of 5.60% annually

with interest compounded twice a year

Now you won't have to worry $78.12; a $500 certificate $390.60; a

that interest rates on your $1,000 certificate $781.20; etc.)

savings will go lower during is insured up to the next five years. We guarTYPICAL EXAMPLES Your money

antee 5% with our Guaranteed $15,000 by the Federal Deposit

Corporation. YOU Insurance Insurance WHAT Savings 5 Year per annum 5% WHAT YOU GET BACK up to $60,000 for one individual Certificates. offer PUT IN these They IN 5 YEARS

features: (and in higher amounts for joint

$ 78.12 $ 100.00 tenancy) is available through purAn even higher rate of return, 234.36 300.00 chase from four individual banks

a yield of 5.60% when held for a 624.96 800.00 of the First Security System. We

full five years. 1,171.80 1,500.00 handle all details.

Certificates may be redeemed 3,281.04 4,200.00 Automatic Transfer Plan service

on any sixmonth anniversary of 9,765.00 12,500.00 from your checking account is availthe issue date. At the end of three 14,061.60 18,000.00 able to help you buy certificates at

years you realize a guaranteed 19,530.00 25,000.00 whatever frequency or amount you

return of 5% interest. If redeemed 46,872.00 60,000.00 desire. We do all the bookkeeping

before three years, you get a slightly and your checking account statelower rate of interest (4'/2% per anment will record the transactions.

num—still an excellent return).

You don't need a lot of money. Certificates can be used as colInterest compounded every six Certificates are available in $100 lateral for a loan at First Security

months from the date of issue. multiples. (A $100 certificate costs Bank.

FIRST SECURITY BANK Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

March 1968 37 omeTeaclVtfi9 By George P. Barber

Our home teacher has just left the house, and as a result of his visit I feel refreshed, invigorated, and inspired.

My wife and I think our home teacher is a wonderful man. He

has demonstrated his special qualities in many ways on many occasions. Tonight his quality of

perceptivity added much to our discussion.

He showed us an artist's conception of Christ, which depicted a man of great strength and vigor, but showed only a side view of the face. Then our home teacher

asked us, "Is this your conception of Jesus Christ, the Son of God?"

Is the security of your family In the ensuing discussion, it was brought out that because the eyes entirely dependent upon the are the mirror of the soul, we wanted to have a full front view of length of your life? the eyes and not just a side view

of one eye. We wanted to see the

It needn't be. Your watchful care can continue through expression in the eyes as well as

a wellprepared will that will give your property a in the mouth and lips. As we

value that could easily be lost without proper management and care. looked at this painting, we wondered: Were these the eyes, lips,

You can provide experienced management for securities and mouth of the Master Teacher, and real estate so your widow will not be harassed by all the Savior of mankind?

of the unfamiliar responsibilities and details of investment.

Then we were shown a copy of a painting by Harry Anderson of

To provide for the security of your family: Jesus and his apostles, a painting

that was shown in the Mormon Talk to one of the trust specialists at Pavilion at the New York World's

One Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah Fair. From the front view of the

Savior in this painting, we concluded that our own conceptions in of complete the Master were se ZIONS artist's the conagreement with ception. But we acknowledged

that we were not professionals in FIRST NATIONAL judging character as depicted in paintings.

Then a stimulating discussion of BANK

Founded by Brigham Young - 1873

38 Improvement Era "It rained has for?'s fte cys. inY SrVICe /r #ow 4r\3- I

2/owr /iowse?"OQ\6'roof 0/

p <a> fflG*eat iliilTAiir,UiTfilii|l%T/il'MllTKI.Ull'<

,,, i ii i'mMiKi\su;iM,i;i \|IVf\"il

Christ, his character, and his life has civic responsibilities, has a followed. Our home teacher conlarge yard to keep up, and has a

eluded the meeting with a prayer house roof and a garage roof of that was thoroughly in keeping his own.

with the spiritual discussion. But our home teacher is not the

My wife thinks that home teachonly wonderful home teacher in the ing holds the greatest potential for Church. There are many, many

service of any single function in others. I know a home teacher

the Church. This is a strong statewho has the quality of persistence

ment, because there are so many and who exercises it in a worthy serviceladen assignments. But her cause. He is proud of the fact that

statement merits consideration, he hasn't missed his monthly visits

Regarding home teaching, she to his families in more than two thinks there is too much criticism, years. He is proud that he can

sometimes too much talking and honestly say this is a duty in the too little action, too little facing up Church that he has carried out to to the situation at hand. There is the very best of his ability, accordtoo little awareness on the part of ing to what he calls his "limited"

both home teachers and the famitalents. He says he doesn't really

lies they visit of the opportunity to know how successful he has been render a service that will never be in his home teaching, but that he forgotten, that will defy the pasalways prays for guidance and insage of time, that will make the spiration before he makes his visits, principles of the gospel live in a I have heard members express very real way, that will benefit great appreciation for his visits, both the teacher and those who Another home teacher I know is are taught in countless ways, and a high school teacher. In private

that will result inm many other conversation his students call him blessings. "the prof,"because he is so

But I can't leave our home knowledgeable. Out of his exteacher here. There is more to be perience as a teacher and counsaid. He "scattered sunshine all selor, he is able to give parents

along the way"with subtle complimuch help with their children.

ments, sincere words of appreciaYoung people seek him out to talk tion, and tactful assurances that he about their hopes and aspirations.

was interested in our welfare. As Youth in the homes to which he is

he went down the porch steps he assigned get a special kind of said, "It has rained for four days, counsel and guidance.

How is the roof of your house? If As a home teacher, are you

it needs attention, call me up. I proud and grateful when your

have a lot of time on my hands."families tell you how much they

This last comment was a prize enjoy your visits and ask you to misstatement. He is principal of come again soon? Is not this the

a school, has four children, is priceless reward that comes to a actively engaged in church work, home teacher? O

March 1968 Val Camenish Wilcox recently returned from two years in Ethiopia, where her husband was with the faculty of Haile Selassie I University.

She is a Relief Society instructor in the Provo 17th Ward.

Devil's Soup By Val Camenish Wilcox

A little scene is enacted, with in Ethiopia. We would be return- "It tastes real neat,"another

variations, at family dinner tables ing to the United States and home concurred.

the world over. It goes something shortly. Soon everyone was willingly eatlike this: During this overseas experience ing the new soup except the sevenParent: "Clean your plate, Susie. we had learned a great deal of yearold who had insisted upon

Let's not waste any of this good another culture. For one thing, ordering it. Nothing, not even the

food."we had finally adjusted to the idea charming little ceramic soup

Susie: "I'm not hungry anythat we couldn't possibly care for spoons, could entice him to try a

more."all the homeless street children by single sip.

Parent: "Just two more little ourselves. We had come to accept Of course we didn't want to spoil

bites."this fact, just as those appealing the evening over a mere bowl of

Susie: "Oh, let Chico have it."young waifs had probably come to soup, but we did ask the waiter to

Parent: "There'll be scraps accept their lot. leave it in the hope that our little

enough for the dog. This food is In celebration of our anniverboy might venture to try a diswhat you took to eat, so eat it sary, and as part of family evening, tinctively different taste. He had

all."we planned to have dinner at a not changed his mind in the least

Susie: "But I don't want it."Chinese restaurant where the food by the end of the exotic meal.

Parent: "Susie, we do not waste was known to be safe. Excitement We were all chattering happily

food. Eat it up now. Why, there mounted as we reviewed the niceas we approached the parking lot.

are little children in India who are ties of behavior in public places. When all the youngsters were

starving. They could make a whole Restaurants were not new to the seated in the car, we noticed anmeal of what you leave, young boys, but "eating out"was still other child, standing like a shadow

lady."rare enough to generate some just outside the door. His skin was

No doubt Susie could not care eager appetites. as dark as the night. His shabby

less about starving children in The menu held all sorts of shamma (shawl or wrap) was

India, since she probably thinks imaginative items: bird's nest soup, dingy with dirt and far from warm.

mother made them up anyway. stewed shark fin, braised phoenix His feet were bare, and one was

At moments like this, we wonder wings, dry dragon eyes. Our painfully misshapen.

if the prayer at mealtime loses secondgrader proudly demonWithout having to plead, the boy some of its sincerity when such a strated his recent mastery of the quickly received a coin. He

phrase as "Thank thee for the printed word by reading aloud all turned and soon blended with the food"is spoken thoughtlessly by the words he recognized. When dark shadows once more.

wellfed children assured of every he came to "devil soup"he was so "Why did you give him money, meal every day. intrigued that it was unanimously Dad? He wasn't even our sabania."*

One small episode caused our agreed we should try it. "No, son, he was just hungry."

children to give thanks for food Even the most daring was someInside the car a hush fell. Six of

more earnestly for a few days, at what hesitant when the mudus were remembering a bowl of least, and maybe even for a lifecolored liquid, thick with strange devil soup left untouched on the time. floating "things,"was served. restaurant table. O

It was a family anniversary—"It's good, really!"one son as- "Small boys often hire out as sabanias or

exactly two years after our arrival sured us. inguardsrestaurantsto watchor theaters.cars while the owners are

40 Improvement Era—i iHIMmmmi, I mi

By Elaine Cannon

In a season of dropouts, runaways, hippies, and those who scoff about the traditional hearthside, we've taken a long look at the institution called "home."

We believe it is here to stay. Its foundations

are not shaky—they might be firmer than

ever. Young adults in a troubled world are readily

acknowledging the blessing of a home where security, comfort, and a deep quality of caring The Home can be found. There is no better place to go to

trade frustration for peace. Such a home is more IsHere

than a good sociological setup: it's a great way

to live! to Stay

Oldfashioned ideas work with newfashioned folks, too. "Honour thy father and thy mother"

... "love thy neighbour as thyself"..."the heart

of the children shall turn to their fathers"—

these are principles that, when practiced, bring such a happy home into being.

And when that's the kind of home you have, the words of the poet leap out from the page in special meaning...

Yesterday's table settings and manners are different, but tabletime pleasantness knows no time barriers.

.-:.

Warm hands and warm hearts feel as good today as when this old hearth was brand new.

Kitchens should be friendlyplaces, whether the water spouts from a pump to a pail or flows into a stainless steel sink.

"Stay, stay at home, my heart, and rest;

Homekeeping hearts are happiest,

For those that wander they know not where How would the spirit of your

Are full of trouble and full of care; home seem to someone on the

To stay at home is best."outside looking in?

{Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "Song.")

This pantomimed proposal was the way love bloomed in a pio- / neer parlor, but the lesson of proper respect that surrounds a proper young lady is still a Lrr good one.

y

r****8*r**

Era of Youth, in tell you very humbtM, ifi liKe //m%M mm/?.

nd inspect'

cReady for Inspection By Marion D. Hanks

The young marine was living proof of the adage that the eyes are the mirror of the nam—untilsoul He didn'tyou looksaw muchhis eyes.differentHis fromuniformotherborementhein marks"searchofandrepeatedkill"unitsexposurein Vietto

the bush and the rice paddies; his face reflected that experience, too, and the anguish of four months on a hospital ship recovering from wounds. But the eyes were

clear and unwavering, the effect of their steady gaze somehow touching and encouraging, and conducive to confidence. It was startling how intensely the large group of

military men listened as he spoke, following closely behind his commanding officer, who had just born his witness to the LDS servicemen assembled in conference at Da Nang.

"I'm very grateful for Major Elliott"said the boy. ''Knowing him has helped

me keep my life clean and sweet. I would like to tell you very humbly that I believe my

life will stand inspection."

What was it Paul wrote to the Corinthians?

"...let a man examine himself."(1 Cor. 11:28.)

To so live that our lives will "stand inspection"—our own examination, the close

observation of dearly loved ones and of other men, the loving, compassionate glance of the Lord—is to live with fulfillment and peace, even in the midst of tragic conflict.

March 1968 45 "Meeting! Meeting!"When the call echoed

through the house, doors began to slam, and Ik little feet tramped upstairs, downstairs, around the corner, and down the hall—all convening in

the living room for a family meeting. Chairs were

dragged across the floor to form a circle, and then we children were presented with several problems that Mom and Dad were facing at the time.

We ivere asked to analyze the situations and contribute our solutions to the problems. Boy! Did

we feel important!

Democracy Begins at

A great and noisy discussion then followed, and we eventually came to a unanimous decision that all felt right about. We decided which

car to buy, where and when to move, and how to celebrate Christmas; and our decisions held.

Then we had the opportunity to help accomplish that which ive unitedly had chosen to do.

I was an individual, and my voice counted. Thus,

I learned to love democracy early in life. As I

observed other children whose parents largely did their thinking for them, I realized the value and responsibility of choice and knew that I, like my parents, must establish a democracy in my own home.

Many modern parents claim to support democratic principles and yet rear their families almost under a dictatorship. Their children, future

46 Era of Youth citizens, are unable to make independent decisions, thus contributing to the apathetic generation we complain about. They are not taught to appraise,

consider, and decide; and, as a result, later in life,

they sometimes default to the government to make their decisions in place of parents. Most of

us resent too much governmental control, and yet we almost seem to force the government to run our cities, schools, and lives because we won't or can't take the responsibility of making decisions and carrying them out.

It is my responsibility and yours to prepare ourselves and our families for a democratic life. We

must be ready to use our right to choose, and then choose the right. When the test comes, will you

or your child be the one to give way to tyranny because dictatorship existed in your home? I intendHOME to apply democratic principles in my home and in

my personal life, for if democracy fails in the nation, it will be the result of failure in our

By Marnae Brown homes. Only strong people can make a strong nation,

and the key to this strength is democracy in is a Marnae Brown in the home. school student high

Springville, Utah, and a state oratorical Parents, give us teenagers the opportunity to contest winner.

think for ourselves, even if ive stumble for a

Illustrated by Sherry Thompson moment. Help us prepare to accept the responsibilities

of citizenship and adulthood. Give us a chance to

try and fail, to choose and grow. Teach us

democracy.. We are tomorrow's leaders and must

be strong enough to preserve the unity of our government.

Parents, this is your day of decision. Would you

dare call a family meeting and let your children help make a major decision?1 Try democracy in

your home tonight, for the sake of your children and of the nation. Please!

March 1968 47

forgotten incidents. All seemed to relate theAuthority"Key to Action

same message. Priesthood is people; it is

By Reed P. Wahlquist best understood through the lives of

The call came on Wednesday. "We are people. Priesthood is a group of high priests

having a special priesthood restoration in a little Utah town walking as a program Sunday, and we would like you to give quorum behind the casket of my grandfather, a tenminute talk on the priesthood and paying honor to one of their number what it means in your life."who had been faithful. Priesthood

The assignment was accepted and mulled over is my father, returning from his mission at a several times in the ensuing days. time when the missionary ranks had

By Saturday evening I had determined been sharply depleted by war and difficult pretty much what I wanted to say. I times. The Church had made an

would define priesthood and discuss our obligaurgent request that each priesthood quorum send tions as priesthood bearers. And yet out at least one missionary as quickly

something was not right. My discussion was as possible. In my father's quorum

too general, too unfeeling. It was a there was no one else able to go. And so he

repetition of rote phrases. Priesthood seemed accepted a second call, and within a few

far too personal, even intimate, to be weeks of returning from his first mission he dismissed with the general statements I had in was on his way to a second. Perhaps

mind. It would take a definition in there is some priesthood meaning in my

highly personal terms to describe such a sacred mother's decision that if my father was concept. I clearly needed a new approach. worth waiting for through one mission,

he was worth waiting for through two.

Priesthood is what happens when a boy of six or seven wakes up in the night with a severe earache. His signs of discomfort

soon awaken the entire family. His

father calls in a fellow priesthood holder, and they place their hands on the boy's head and give him a blessing. In a matter of minutes

In an effort to order my thoughts, all is quiet; the earache has subsided, and

I climbed into my car and drove the family returns to bed.

out the boulevard away from the city. The

lateness of the hour left the streets almost empty. Without having determined any

particular destination, I was soon driving through a dark and silent canyon east of the city. The solitude was broken only by

an occasional car heading back down the canyon.

The only other light came from the glow of a half moon, which broke through Priesthood is a newly retired the trees at places where the canyon neighbor who with his wife is called on a mission.

floor widened out briefly before closing in Their field of labor is in an unaccustomed again. Perhaps in this setting I could climate in an area with sharply

search out what priesthood really different social conditions. They become

means in my life. discouraged and occasionally wonder what is

My search produced a flood of longbeing accomplished by their efforts

48 Era of Youth but they will stay and do their task, because complaints. But on this occasion he asks the

their faith in the Lord is strong. elders to administer to his wife who has

Priesthood is a prominent educator, been stricken seriously ill.

confiding that much of his career has been shaped by one sentence in his patriarchal blessing, given while he was still a boy.

Priesthood is a young man on his way to the mission field.

Priesthood is the overwhelming sense of awe at his calling engulfing a missionary as he travels from a tiny branch to a district conference. A devout woman in poorhealth has just queried, "But what will we do Priesthood is a letter received at the

if we need the priesthood while you're gone?"personnel section of a large military

Priesthood is sitting in the Tabernacle base. A bishop from a tiny Idaho community

with eight thousand other men, has written on behalf of a soldier from leaning forward to catch an occasional word his ward. The boy's father has just died,

from the speaker at the rostrum, because and the boy is needed at home to help he is the Prophet of God. bring in the hay. The letter is poorly written.

But one person reads the letter with deep pride, knowing that it represents a good man who has accepted an awesome responsibility. The bishop is using all his

talents in the service of the Lord as long as the Lord may request them.

By now the canyon ride is almost completed. Soon the lights of the valley to the

west will explode into view. The words

As I drive along I think of a middleaged of a popular song cross my mind man in the psychiatric ward at the almost imperceptibly: ''Love isn't love 'til you

hospital. The two elders assigned to administer give it away."Maybe that is the

have spent several hours going from definition I'm searching for. Priesthood is

floor to floor. It is late before they gain really inoperative unless it is used in

admittance to the patient's section. someone else's behalf. It is a gift

He has not yet gone to bed; he is lightly dozing of God, given to insensitive, imperfect, and

in a chair in his room. "I was afraid you doubting men for their own perfection.

wouldn't come,"he says as we enter But it is a gift to be shared. Like love, it must be

the room. "I left the door open and stayed given away. One honors his priesthood by

up just in case."After a blessing is given, using it for the uplifting of others. It

there is little that can be expressed by suddenly seems so clear. Priesthood is

words. The man embraces the elders and cries really service.

softly. In a shattered and crumbling world The lights of the city sparkle like a

there is still the priesthood. jewel. The streets are strangely deserted now.

Priesthood is a fine professional man I snap from my reverie and head for who has been vocal in his criticism. home. When the dawn comes I will have

His associates have frequently heard his mv talk.

March 1968 49 In a faroff Arizona desert lived a little beautywhispers on the rocks and sand of

Navajo Indian boy. He was born September 5, the desert... with laughing thoughts,

1949, in a very humble hogan. Let me laughing heart, to paint the beautywhispers in

tell you what it means to be this Navajo Indian, the sand. It is to know and feel that

what it means to be a child of the yellow you are an Indian and to be glad...

sand country, what it means to be a to know that time cannot change Indians.

son of the dineh—the people.

It means my people—to see the

My home... a hogan at the foot of mother sitting in the shade of the hogan home,

the high red cliff cut off against the sky, with weaving, making the rug grow with friends who come to help with the swift fingers... to look at her

building of the hogan—six sides, plastered mud, thick coil of black hair tied with strands of

notched logs, and the smoke hole in white wool... to feel a longing to touch

the roof. It means the finished hogan being the thin brown cheeks. It means to watch the

blessed with the sacred cornmeal, as a father hammer his dreams into soft voice chants... all this with a silver rings; to believe in the good medicine

blanketcovered doorway facing the rising sun. of the people; and to keep your feet

It means the summer home sheltered by straight on the beautiful trail.

cedar trees, with a darkfaced Indian woman watching, boiling mutton, stirring corn It means the old men with bentdown mush. It means feeling your sheepskin shoulders and wrinkled copper faces

bed change to a blanket of happiness while you old men with thin gray hair, sitting in the shadow sleep outside with the moon hanging low. of goneaway days, in the long hour

when the past becomes the future... old

It means flocks of sheep wandering men with feet following the trails of over the sagebrush country, searching yesterday, knowing not the path of new for grass... the sad and faint bleat of the ways... old men together talking,

lost lamb, and the fear of the coyote. talking of the other days, painting pictures with

It means running toward the sound, only to words while their cold blood runs find the baby lamb caught between rocks, warm with the tales. It means this thinking

and to think happily, "Lambs are of the youth who hears, "The old days little fools!"as you rub its soft wool against were good, but they can never come back

your chin... then to drive the sheep again."We must not look the backward

homeward with a tin can filled with stones. way with the old men. To live in the

past is a tired thing.

It means being lost in the jungle of a dream under the hard blue flatness of It means being surrounded by a white the sky, having this beauty put beautywhispers world of white men and trying to see into your heart, and painting the good in the white world. It means the

* *9s$>.*?*

shock of learning that today is not an Indian world. It means the Indian tearing

himself from the past of today, to enter the tomorrow of many days, of new things. It means the Indian leaving through

the door opened by the white men, for a school of red brick houses and strange people, and seeing that from this school, new thinking ways and new acting ways reach out to the people, to make a nest in the hearts of the young... seeing the old

and the new meet to bring a change in the old ways. It means finding in this world of

red brick houses an understanding face, and learning that deeper there beats an understanding heart.

It means painting the gospel in their hearts, finding the people holding on to the rod of iron, the fruit for them to partake, and to know and feel that the time has come.

This is what it means to be a Navajo

Indian, son of the dineh. I am a part

of the picture of my people. This

picture has given me a dream that will live, a dream that causes me to shake inside with a burning to teach my people the gospel. I am interested and willing to

paint the gospel in their hearts for the world to see. O

: x-- -. -- **"

I love the smell that fills the ward house halls This

And sounds that echo in its hollowness,

Simple As voices of laughter and comfort from the past

Precious SoftlyThe timelessbid myhoursmemoryspentrecallwith eternal

Heritage Friends now here only in my heart.

By Dianne Marie Present is that musty smell that darts

Whitlock From out the kitchen where good sisters fixed

The banquet feasts. The chapel organ

Tells of Christmas upon Christmas—of pipes

That filled each heart with chimes of New Years glow.

How comforting to know that I lived here

And have this simple, precious heritage

Of hymns and chimes, and food, and friends, and God.

52 Era of Youth Woetry c4 Father'sbyYouth Love

By Doyle P. Buchanan

A child is his father's heart,

His honor and his glory;

The motivation of his art, The ending of his story.

Hoiv like the Lord are fathers

Who live their lives for children.

With gentle words, soids full of love, They lead them up to heaven.

I thought with him: the blood was flowing;

Far away from homeland, injured,

Tired from the allnight guarding,

from the sandbag filling; Soul Weary

all around him, Survivor Emptiness walked

Caused by missing many loved ones,

By John Blosser Caused by worried fears of dying,

Last night, on our perimeter, Worrying more, about worrying them,

A man fell in the barbed wire coils

And, in his delirium, Yet, in his one time of trial,

Sobbed these words; Still, the mighty hope remained

"Oh, dear Christ!"The faith in higher strength, in mercy;

Then I thought, "Just how can I,

Even at my most contented, Ever turn my back on Jesus?"

(John Blosser, stationed in Vietnam, penned this poem following his discovery of an Improvement Era in the orderly room on base.)

March 1968 53 On the Scene

What a time we had with LDS youth in the New England area! President

and Sister Boyd K. Packer and their

family of teens lined up a group of boys and girls, and off we went on a jaunt to see what it's like to be a teen in New England. And it's great! One

gets the American heritage mood in a hurry gazing at the bridge where the "shot heard around the world"was fired... the "Old Manse,"whose

walls echoed with the wisdom of authors Ralph Waldo Emerson and

Nathaniel Hawthorne... the little

red schoolhouse one sings about in folk music and poetry—truly a favorite

spot! Longfellow s home is an education in itself, and to cavort over the

ancient gristmill wheels is an unforgettable experience. But scenic country isn't all they love in New England.

They love the Church, and some of the elders are having a special experience working with a convert who is prominent in the area of Newfoundland. He's T.

Porteous Bolton, district councilman, and through his generosity and the help of the elders, over 500 parcels have been distributed to nonmembers.

These packets include a personal letter, the Book of Mormon, and several

Church pamphlets.

Examining the material in a parcel to be distributed to nonmembers are:

Elder Garff G. Cannon, Salt Lake City;

Elder Arthur J. Hobbs, Midvale, Utah

(standing); T. Porteous Bolton, holding

the contents of the fivehundredth parcel; Elder J. Gordon Reynolds of Murray, Utah; and Elder G. Stephen Chard,

Layton, Utah (seated).

Kenneth Shelley, 16, member of the Kenneth who trains for long hours Vincent Harvey is a fifthyear medical priests quorum of Downey Fourth every day except Sunday, began skatstudent at Glasgow University in ScotWard, South Los Angeles Stake, being when he was just five years old. land and has been president of the

came United States junior men's figure His parents, Mr. and Mrs. Rulon G. Medical Students Association. He

skating champion in recent competition Shelley, are active Church members spent last summer in Utah and worked in Philadelphia. He and his partner, whose children all take part in LDS as an intern at the LDS Hospital. A

Jo Jo Starbuck, won a place on the affairs as well as school and civic highlight of his sojourn there was

United States Olympic teamfunctions. meeting President David O. McKay.

Era of Youth with the Editors

A prize of $1000, a complete wardwhich was entered by students from robe, two trips, and a job with a lead- 1,000 universities and colleges.

ing magazine have been won by a She wrote an article forecasting

Brigham Young University coed in a 1968 men's wear, obtaining her infashion writing contest—men's fashformation by interviewing a number of

ions, that is. western fashion authorities and conDona Gregory, a senior student in sulting trade publications.

advertising and public relations, reMiss Gregory attended Ogden High ceived word that she had been chosen School and Weber College before enthe winner of the Burlington Award in tering BYU. She was society editor of

Men's Fashion Journalism. the BYU Universe, student daily, for

Miss Gregory, daughter of Mr. and two years and served as editorin-chief

Mrs. Ward H. Gregory of Ogden, relast summer. She is a member of the

ceived the only prize in the contest, BYU Women's Press Club.

What do you do at a computer dance?

Dance, of course. And when it's one

staged by M Men and Gleaners, you eat, too. Such a party in the Hillside

Stake, Salt Lake City, brought the attendance from 35 regulars to 150 and encouraged friendships between people who might not have known each other otherwise.

People were paired up by the computer. They met at one of the wards

and all went by chartered buses to a basement warehouse, which had been amusingly "decorated"with pathetic strips of crepe paper. The girls prepared box lunches of special treats,

and everybody loved every minute of the party.

Members of Hillside Stake in Salt

Lake are proud of their M Men and

Gleaners and the full program they enjoy. A monthly newsletter of several pages reports the weekly gettogethers. Gary Neeley and Sandy

Gale are the catalysts in that crowd.

; I

March 1968

Dear Sir: I need help with a serious problem. All find out how wonderful and important it is.

my life I've wanted to go on a mission, but now Find out just how much you and the Church my girl friend and I want to be married. I am a really mean to this girl. Is she mature

freshman attending university. enough to look ahead and realize that everything will be better for both of you if you

Answer: Before now you will have received a have faith enough to serve the Lord? Conpersonal answer to your letter, but we thought tinue to pray and to talk to Mom about this.

you and other young people would be interested No matter how dark it may look now, things in an answer supplied by a missionary to his will work out if you seek first the Lord's younger brother who had this same question. kingdom.

Read it, and, consider it carefully. If more needs to be said, write and ask.

That's what brothers are for.

Dear Bob Love, In your letter you mentioned that you Paul need advice, and while I don't claim myself to be a guidance counselor, I certainly understand the position you are in. I said

"position"instead of "problem,"because you don't really have a problem in the usual sense of the word. The girl you are

going with is the one who has the problem, because she has to make the decision as to whether or not she can accept your standards.

Bob, the standards of the Church are the highest in the world because it is the true

Church. Mom and Dad have given us the

proper training, and we know what's right and wrong. Now Bob, you know it 's right to

put the Lord first, and you know it is right to go on a mission. Therefore, you really

don't have a problem, as I see it.

Have you ever really talked it over with this girl and explained what your position in the Church is? You have to set the example. Tell her that you are preparing for

a mission and will be gone for two or two and a half years; then let her make her

decision.

Bob, I think your prayers have been answered in the fact that you have this challenge to do either what is right or what is wrong. If we pray for wisdom, the Lord

gives us problems to overcome, and as a result we gain wisdom. No girl is worth

sacrificing a mission for, and one who really understands the gospel would never want or permit you to do so. Just think

ahead a little and see if you don't get a realization that this is true. You may not

understand fully at the moment why you should have such a choice to make, but once you arrive in the mission field you will

Photo by Ralph Reynolds

Searching for SelfUnderstanding

By Neil J. Flinders

Neil J. Flinders, currently pursuing his doctorate in administration and human

relations at Brigham Young University, formerly was supervisor of seminary teacher training at Ogden LDS Institute of Religion adjacent to Weber State College.

Students who learn most effecIt is recognized that some learnnot always easy to determine. For

tively are usually skilled in exercising occurs by chance, some as a those who desire to teach effecing the art of choice. Likewise, result of informal environmental tively, there is a need to share in

teachers who teach most effectively influences, and some as a result of the responsibility of evaluating are those who consistently make selfdirected study. But the astheir own instruction. This is

quality decisions. This article is sumption that justifies teaching as necessary because the teachingconcerned with some of the funda- a formal endeavor is that a teacher learning process is quite complex.

mental forces that affect the qualcan cause another person to enSome dimensions of this process ity of decisions teachers and counter and assimilate specific are partially, if not completely, students make. If the challenge ideas and feelings, and that he can hidden from outward observation.

seems somewhat overwhelming, do this more effectively than if the To illustrate, consider these dione need not be discouraged. It is learning process is left to chance mensions:

merely a reflection of the character or informal efforts. Teaching as First, there is the covert or

of teaching itself, which tradition- a professional occupation seems to inward dimension, the experiences ally has preoccupied itself more be based on this idea. of thought and feeling that go on

with what ought to be than with But teaching effectiveness for within the person. These take

what is. the professional or the layman is place both within the student and

March 1968 57

The greatest lesson a teacher ing him, how they are seeing him, how he is making them feel. When

can learn is to see himself ateachermutualiseffortmadeby inboththisstudentdirection,and as his students see him. theing opportunityis increased.for Letpotentialus considerlearneach of these roles in more detail.

Prerequisites to Effective Teaching

within the teacher, and usually the come here to get a practical experiThere seem to be at least four experiences are somewhat different ence and to learn yourselves. You prerequisites to effective teaching:

in each personality. will then begin to learn more per- 1. One must be capable of genSecond, there is the overt or fectly the things of God. No being erating an accepting type of love

outward dimension, the behavior can thoroughly learn himself, withfor others. A lack of communicated

that is open to the view of obout understanding more or less of feeling for others interferes with servers—the physical expressions the things of God: neither can any the development of security that

and the verbal exchanges. Some being learn and understand the permits a student to drop his deaspects of these intrapersonal and things of God, without learning fenses against the teacher so he

interpersonal experiences are more himself: he must learn himself, or can become involved in the learnclearly understood and assessed by he never can learn God. This is a ing process at hand. When one

the participants than they are by lesson to us...."(Journal of Dishas to concentrate on defending

observers in the classroom. It is courses, Vol. 8, pp. 33435. himself psychologically, he is less

at this level that the teacher and Before a teacher or student can able to spend that interest, energy, the student can make a unique improve, either he must see and and attention on the learning task.

contribution. feel a need for improvement or he In this realm of accepting others,

The following notes are designed must possess an unusual degree of teachers are usually specialists.

to help the teacher and the student love for his role that will express Each individual has varying desee themselves more clearly in itself in his going the extra mile. grees of ability to accept others or

their respective roles. They are For some individuals it is easier to to be able to relate with them. It

descriptive of some aspects of the blame ineffective classroom exis easier to feel close to some inteaching-learning process. It would periences on the student's lack of dividuals than it is to others,

seem that if the search for truth is interest, motivation, or apathy than because of personality characterisas important as our theology indiit is to face one's self and his own tics. The Savior taught that one's

cates, there is a moral obligation limitations. For others it is easier ability to accept others or be able

for all students and for all teachers, to blame the teacher's poor preparato relate with them is a matter of in the professional as well as the tion, odd personality, or other spiritual maturity. And as Presilay setting, to improve their peridiosyncrasies than it is to face up dent Young indicated, we grow

formance. The key to this imto their own limitations as students. spiritually by acquiring selfunder-

provement seems to reside in The correction for some of these standing.

selfunderstanding. President Brigconditions that create barriers to The more one grows as a person,

ham Young, expanding on this learning seems to be in coming to the less he is likely to be shocked theme, which was introduced by a greater degree of selfunder- about individuals who differ from

Joseph Smith, makes this comstanding. him in viewpoint, values, and perment: In other words, it seems to be of sonality. This absence of shock

"The greatest lesson you can learn vital importance that each indimakes it possible for him to develop is to learn yourselves. When we vidual come to see himself, to an affinity for another person as

learn ourselves, we learn our neighexperience himself somewhat as a person and to accept him without bours. When we know precisely how others see him and experience him. constricting his own selfresponse.

to deal with ourselves, we know Perhaps this total unity or oneness Too often, teachers are capable of how to deal with our neighbours. is not as practical or as possible as relating only with certain types of

You have come here to learn this. we would like it to be. But with individuals. Others make the

You cannot learn it immediately, honest effort it is possible for an teacher feel ill at ease, resulting in neither can all the philosophy of the individual to increase his awarean estrangement of feeling. This

age teach it to you: you have to ness of how others are experiencalso may result in the teacher's

58 Improvement Era specializing in relationships with The basic obstacle of true pro- 3. The radiation stage, charindividuals he can accept, and fessionalism in teaching is selfacterized by the unconscious giving

avoiding or ignoring those he canconsciousness, a form of selfishness, of self to other selves—going the

not accept. This reduces much of which is symptomatic of inexperisecond mile without realizing it is

his classroom behavior to an enence, unpreparedness, and immathe second mile. This is the teacher

counter with just the minds of his turity in the role that produces the with humility, the mature teacher, students, and their feelings or fear that turns one's thoughts to the teacher who is capable of givwhole selves are ignored. This self. Almost everyone struggles ing without demanding something

makes for an anemic relationship, to some degree with this challenge. in return. He loses himself, and

one that is also dangerous and is It is in overcoming this obstacle in so doing he finds himself; in that

causing much conflict in our sothat the growth which creates great discovery he reaps unexpected reciety as well as lack of effectiveteachers is acquired. To suffer wards obtained in no other way.

ness in religion education programs. unduly with selfconsciousness proInvolvement Teaching

2. One must master self to the hibits healthy, successful perforpoint that he is free to express mance in the classroom. Even though a teacher is able to

himself in a spontaneous manner. In light of this barrier, there grow in proficiency and selfWhen selfexposure is absent, the appear to be three rather distinct confidence so that he is capable of

interpersonal encounter is hollow stages in a teacher's development. performing well in the role of a

and devoid of authenticity and inThese stages are distinct enough to teacher, this does not qualify him tegrity. An authentic encounter of be identifiable, but they are not as a professional. A new challenge

one person with another is what mutually exclusive. More accuto his adequacy comes with each

constitutes teaching by example. rately, they exist along a continuum, experience in the classroom. This

This is probably what Jesus had in but in this case, to think of them is somewhat like the challenge that mind when he said one must lose as stages helps to illustrate the need faces the professional golfer as he himself or his life in order to find for continued development. It traverses the same course with its

himself—to become effective. Exseems that the secret of successful respective sand traps, roughs, and

amples that teach are examples that teaching resides not so much in the waterways. There are some bad

are spontaneous byproducts of the finding as it does in the searching. days among the good. Each teachindividual's own guilelessness. Such 1. The inhibition stage, charing experience is in effect an atencounters take place on an affecacterized by inhibiting fears, such tempt to overcome anew a familiar

tive or feeling level as well as as stage fright, lack of confidence, series of barriers.

cognitively. and a general inability to perform. The degree of success a teacher

3. One must acquire that which These make the person less acceptachieves is, in large part, reflected

he wishes to give. A teacher canable or nonacceptable in the role in the extent to which he is able to

not effectively give in sufficient of a professional teacher. descend the steps of involvement

clarity for him to make com- 2. The display stage, characterin the teachinglearning process.

municable that which he does not ized by pretension and preoccupaThese steps, like the three stages possess. He needs to be able to tion of the individual with the mentioned previously, appear along

explain as well as to name. selling of himself. In this stage the a continuum. They are not mu-

4. One must master through teacher puts himself on displaytually exclusive. It is also of inpractice the mediums whereby he see me, see how much I know, see terest to note that the teacher must

can give what he possesses to how colorful and likable I am, and move along these steps with each others. The communication process see how much authority I have. individual student. On any given

must ever be the teacher's primary The individual at this stage is priday, he may find himself at differconcern, on a professional level. It marily concerned with displaying ent levels with different students

is in the process of communication either his knowledge or his perin his class.

that the teacher implicitly claims sonality for the sake of personal The following chart is one way to be an authority, or a profesgain—socially or monetarily. His of visualizing the challenge that

sional. He is paid because of his teaching may be colorful and faces a teacher as he attempts to

ability to communicate successfully entertaining, but despite the elolose himself and in so doing to inwith others. When he cannot or quence and magnetism, its effecvolve his students in the classroom

does not communicate effectively, tiveness is consumed with the setting so they will actualize themhe fails to accomplish that which narcissistic pretension with which selves through the learning they he claims he can accomplish. it is enveloped. experience. -"*"

March 1968 59 Description of Teaching Situation Comment On Its Effect

1. When the teacher is primarily involved with himself. He is Effectiveness of teaching is usually

concerned about his selfassurance, how he looks, and what poor under these conditions, bepeople are thinking about him. He is selfconscious, nervous, cause when a teacher is expending

and inhibited. He is unable to sense the needs of his students his attention, interest, and energy

or to concentrate on the subject matter, because he is so conon himself, he cannot be giving cerned with his own selfconsciousness. them to his students.

When the teacher is preoccupied with his subject matter. He is At best, such teaching may be moconcerned about his notes or lesson plan. He loves the subject mentarily entertaining, but it selmatter or the gospel more than he loves his students. He may dom has significant or lasting effect

be eloquent and even arrogant at times. He may be able to on the students.

quote many scriptures and give authoritative answers, or he may be dry and uninteresting. At any rate, the students usually

do not feel free to respond and interact. They most often tune

the teacher out, sit in silence, or talk and whisper among themselves about something besides the lesson material. If they are

courteous, they endure the hour, but they seldom enjoy it.

3. When the teacher interacts with his students. He is confident Students become involved; they exenough of himself and his preparation that he is free to sense press themselves and their ideas.

the thoughts and feelings of his students. He is able to relate Students may challenge the teacher

with his students and encounter their concerns and questions and his views on the subject being in a spontaneous manner. Students reciprocate the teacher's discussed.

interest in them by voluntary involvement.

4. When the teacher leads his students into an involvement with Students question and begin to

the subject matter. Because of his relationship with his students, study on their own. They exhibit

the teacher is able to interest them in a vigorous examination a hungering and thirsting after of the subject matter being considered. He is able to relate the knowledge.

subject matter to the needs and lives of his students.

5. When the teacher so structures the classroom experience that The teacher is not the center of athe inspires his students to begin to interact with one another on tention. Important and vital printhe subject. The students exchange their individual feelings and ciples are the major concerns

views on the subject under discussion with each other. They along with the feelings and opinexchange, as it were, testimonies and check and weigh their ions of other individuals in the

opinions with the opinions of others. Their discussions continue group. Student feels truly involved.

after class, and they look forward to returning to the next class period.

6. When the experience in the classroom leads the student to beThis is the ultimate aim of the

come involved in selfintrospection. This is the goal of meaningconscientious teacher, and usually

ful education, because it leads to behavioral changes—both in follows when a teacher is able to

growth and in repentance. This experience usually follows artfully combine steps 3, 4, and 5.

experiences of meaningful involvement.

60 Improvement Era Implementing Involvement indicated in the chart, a teacher's are you to be telling me?"Or a

Teaching behavior is closely associated with student may radiate a feeling of the student's behavior. Students "just try and teach me; I dare you."

It is common for most teachers to can help the teacher become more The intellectual listener stage.

preoccupy themselves with what effective or they can inhibit his Quite often a student will leave they are going to do in the upeffectiveness. This is particularly the above stage by reminding himcoming class time. In terms of innoticeable in teaching adults with self that he doesn't know everyvolvement-type teaching, this mindbackgrounds in higher education. thing and perhaps he might pick

set is not as fruitful as one in It is easy for them to assume a up something of interest if he pays which the teacher becomes conhypercritical attitude and to give attention. Thus he becomes intelcerned about what the students the teacher the feeling they are lectually involved to some degree.

are going to do that will result in sitting in judgment on him. This He may listen attentively or perfruitful experiences for them. This setting does not lend itself to efhaps ask questions and spar intelattention on what the students are fective teachinglearning. Just as lectually with the teacher by

going to do stimulates ideas in the it is necessary for the teacher to challenging him with comments mind of the teacher on how to inwork himself along the continuum and questions. Teachers recognize

volve them. They become the focal through the stages of inhibition and students in this stage more by the

point in planning rather than the display to radiation, it is also necesfeelings they convey than by what teacher or the subject matter. Don't sary for students to move along a they say with words.

think, "What can I do today in my continuum through various stages. The submission stage. The term

class?"Rather, think, "What can I To illustrate this, consider these submission as used here does not

get my students to do today in three stages, shown on the chart infer force or a loss of identity. It

class so they will increase their below. means that the student has willingly

understanding and have a meaningThe apathy or critical observer brought himself in tune with what ful experience?"stage. A student in this stage may the teacher is attempting to accomIt is hoped that the selfexamina- exhibit a marked lack of concern plish and identifies with the

tion that may be derived from the for what the teacher is doing. He teacher's interest in him as a

foregoing material would prove may whisper or even converse in student and in the importance of helpful to teachers as they endeavor audible tones with his associates, the ideas or subject matter being to establish individual programs or he may close his eyes and sleep discussed. At this stage the stufor continued selfdevelopment. or think of "more interesting"dent is no longer trying to protect

With the above description of things. Equally disruptive of the his image in the eyes of others.

the teacher's role in mind, it is learning process is the student who He becomes immersed in the learneasier to see the relationship the displays an egocentric attitude of ing experience and finds himself student has to the teacher. As "what can vou teach me?"or "who communicating and being communicated with as a total person.

He is accepting and feels accepted.

There is an aura or arc of feeling that envelops both student and teacher. At this stage the spirit of

God is most able to witness and direct the learning process.

Students can help teachers move

Arc toward the radiation stage if they of themselves move toward the subStage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 TeacherStudent

Contact mission stage. Likewise, teachers

can help students move toward the submission stage if they themselves move toward the radiation stage.

It is not a oneway process; it is a

Critical Observer i ntpi\ecWaBig( mutual, reciprocating endeavor. It

or Apathy Stagej2ag0tT\\\ is a matter of casting ones bread upon the waters and having it return unto him. O

March 1968 61 The Rewards of Excellence BY JAMES T. DUKE

"What's in it for me?"This question is frequently were viewed as being ends in and of themselves, not

asked today, although it is often stated more subtly. as means to other ends.

People want to know why they should do something This principle is an extremely important one for before they do it. They want to know what benefits mankind today. We should pursue activities because

will come to them or their families. They want to the activity is enjoyable and worthwhile and because

know that they are not wasting time on unproducit contributes to the welfare of our fellowman and tive activities. brings joy to us, not because of financial or social

Sometimes, however, too much emphasis is placed rewards. Thus the Lord said: "... men should be

on reward, and men lose their sense of perspective. anxiously engaged in a good cause, and do many

They may place too much importance on tangible, things of their own free will, and bring to pass much financial reward at the neglect of less tangible but righteousness."(D&C 58:27.)

still worthwhile rewards, such as the feelings of happiThis conception of the worth and perfectability of ness and accomplishment. And often after receiving man is consistent with our Christian heritage. Christ

reward, we find that it does not bring the happiness taught that man should strive for personal growth we had hoped for. and selfdevelopment. Man should maximize his own

The ancient Greeks, who made such an important talents, skills, and virtues and pursue goals of selfcontribution to our heritage, believed that each thing expression, selfrealization, and creativity. He should

was capable of perfection or excellence. Every object love his fellowmen and serve them without thought

or person had a function that was thought of as a for his own position or fame. Joy is in doing, not

state of excellence: The excellence of an eye is to in having.

see, the excellence of a knife is to cut, and so on. The problem is, how do we apply this principle in

From this grew a great moral philosophy regarding daily living? Let's discuss several typical situations

the excellence of mankind. The excellence of man and suggest some applications.

is to think—to reason. This is the quality that sets Occupation. The principle of excellence should

man apart from other creatures. lead the individual to seek an occupation that exHowever, the Greeks also recognized differences presses his own talents and abilities, one that he can

in individuals. All men are different; thus each man enjoy doing regardless of the financial compensation.

possesses a special individual excellence in addition But many jobs that must be performed to keep society to the ability to reason. Each man must find his own functioning are not of this type. Some jobs are boring

excellence. He must examine his own talents and and repetitious and contain tensions and pressures.

virtues and seek to excel in those qualities that set Often men do not have the training to get jobs that him apart from other men. allow them to express their talents.

The Greeks believed that excellence should be purBut the principle of excellence provides us with a sued for its own sake, not for any reward. The way to look at our jobs. We should find and focus

perfection achieved was its own reward. Activities on the worthwhile, useful aspects of our occupations.

62 Improvement Era r...all men possess a particular excellence

in addition to the ability to reason.

Each must find his own excellence.

:,i ""''?

KMO

<m

Illustrated by Dale Kilboum

March 1968 \ 63 A reexamination of motives is vitally needed in most lives, the author claims.

We should be concerned about worth of people and of the actividoing the best job possible. As a ties you share, not because of the

result, the job will be more pleasant rewards that will come from helpand more rewarding to us. ing others or giving them love.

Homemaking. The role of woman Church activities. Sometimes we

is very different today from that hold or seek a church position beof fifty or a hundred years ago. She cause of the rewards that might

is better educated, more interested come through the position. We

in the world around her, more acdesire to be "seen of men."We

tive in community and church seek to increase our prestige in the affairs. Sometimes a woman feels eyes of our associates. We put on

tied down to her home and family, a false front of humility and spiriand she feels she cannot find extuality without truly humbling ourpression of her interests in the selves and becoming servants of community. our fellowmen.

"Where the World Again, the principle of excelThe principle of excellence

Registers"lence provides a way for her to should lead us to examine our look at her activities and to seek to motives for engaging in church acYour next trip to Denver—the perform her tasks with excellence, tivities. Do we really enjoy teachclimate capital of America—to find joy in her work, and to ing Sunday School or Primary,

will be most memorable when think of her activities as useful and being on the genealogy committee or in to enjoyable. presidency? seek should She the quorum Do you stay at the Brown Palace.

activity to enrich lives of engage the her life in church be and we 600 air conditioned rooms family members by the joy, conseen of men or because they would suites and executive rooms tentment, and creativity that she think badly of us if we didn't have five famous restaurants brings to the home. a position? Are we focusing on

complete convention Family relations. In dating, the reward rather than on the

so, a service render? If a can sometimes choose boy will we we accommodations

girl look, beautiful the presshould our reexamine of because moTo expedite your reply, write Dept. IE tige such a date will bring him. tives, and seek more excellent,

A girl may accept a date from a worthwhile aspects in our callings.

boy she doesn't like in order to We should engage in church acKARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager attend an important dance. Or tivities because of eternal worth,

will not to a rewards because refuse date she will come by: perhaps

them. goodlooking, is not from because he boy MEMBER Represented ROBERT F. WARNER

is is all areas In old, his our of our lives—in a or car not too he York City New

GLENN W. FAWCETT good dancer. In such cases, jobs, in our relationships with our

Los Angeles emphasis is put on attainment of families and our fellowmen, in our

V. some extrinsic benefit rather than church activities—we need to find

on the intrinsic enjoyment of being the worthwhile qualities and to with the other person. But evenfocus on them. We should seek

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS tually most of us decide on one meaningful goals and insight in our

Aids in treatment of simple sore person whom we learn to love, lives and let these govern our attiand we find we are happy just tudes.

throat and other minor mouth and being with this person. The relaThen we can truly have exthroat irritations. tionship is worthwhile in and of cellence as our ideal, an ideal

itself. Being together is not a that will, in the words of Livingis desire goal. stone, the "lead good, the to a goal—it means men to HALL'S REMEDY all results in or its forms, for just to not shouldn't person marry A

City, Utah Salt Lake itself, for accidental financial advantages but a get or a cook good good supporter. He should marry beand so drive them on past the lesser

HOLIDAY INN withcause anotherhe wantsperson.to share his life power,ideals toof bemoney,contentposition,with nothingand

Specialty—Authentic Mexican Love involves doing things with less than the best of which human

Food people because of the intrinsic nature is capable."O

Private Dining Room Available 3040 So. State Phone 4679881

64 Improvement Era Spend part of YOUR summer vacation in the Third Annual theatre workshop (Drama) June 17 -July 19, 1968 relaxed atmosphere of the beautiful BYU campus Fourth Annual byu youth academy (Girls)

June 17 - 28 and July 1-12, 1968 in a rewarding balanced program of learning and Tenth Annual byu youth clinic (Boys) fun—intensive training in workshops taught by JuneFirst Annual1728. all1968the way to adventure

qualified instructors offset by varied recreation (Outdoor Survival training) July 1 - 20 and

July 29August 17, 1968 activities directed by trained counselors. First Annual oratoryextemp workshop

(Speech) July 22 - August 2, 1968

This exciting experience in personal development Fourth Annual high school debate workshop will give YOU an opportunity to make lasting JulyTwentyfourth22 - AugustAnnual2, 1968summer music clinic friendships with other young people from all parts July 29August 10, 1968

Twelfth Annual men school publications workshop of the country while pursuing practical training (Journalism) August 5 - 9, 1968

First Annual byu youth academy—Hawaiian tour (Girls) in YOUR field of interest. August 5-20, 1968

For a brochure and information on any of these funfilled programs write:

SUMMER YOUTH PROGRAMS, Special Courses and

Conferences, 242 HRCB, Brigham Young University,

Provo, Utah 84601.

March 1968 65 Orchard Country By Frances Hall And the valley sends

The mountain shares where the storm winds blow its wintry mood A morning blush

With sunny valleys that is garden hued far below With summers sweetbriar

Whose fruit trees shake attitude their petaled snow Of joy for the way

On streams brief blossoms grow from highpeaked solitude When the sun digs deep

Where somber glaciers flow. in a soil renewed.

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

The Place to Begin Past isn't here to speak for itself,"said an unknown writer, "and TheThehence gets a better reputation than it deserves.""Very strange is this quality of human nature,"said Phillips Brooks, "which decrees AUTOLOAD

that unless we feel a future before us we do not live completely in the present.... [Human nature] always must look forward."1 At a time 16mm of looking two ways at once, sometimes we glamorize the past and think

it was better than it was. And sometimes we expect too much of the future and presume that its problems will solve themselves. But both PROJECTOR

are important—the past for lessons learned, the future for assurance

of eternal continuance. But between the two is the present. Here is IS AVAILABLE THROUGH

where we are. Now is when we're living. "That which we are, we

are—,"- said Tennyson, and if we are to be anything better, this is the DESERET BOOK COMPANY

place to begin. And it comes down to a question of character. The

"result of any man's life will consist of his character multiplied by his circumstances...."'"It is moral courage that characterizes the highest Exclusive distributors of

order of manhood and womanhood,"said Samuel Smiles, "the courage to seek and to speak the truth; the courage to be just; the courage to be Bell & Howell equipment

honest; the courage to resist temptation; [the courage to respect and to L.D.S. Church groups.

enforce and live by law]; the courage to do one's duty. If men and

women do not possess this virtue, they have no security whatever....

[And] a great deal of the unhappiness, and much of the vice of the

... is world, indecision owing to of weakness purpose. and The weak

tte*eret Book is undisciplinedand at the of temptation. every mercy... be man To SO. i LAST TEMPLE MALL AND CITYCOTTONWOOD LAKEAT

life, live intending to always set a to to BLVD. find time never but about new

77? WASHINGTONSALTST. 2472SO MAIN ORANGE. CALIFORNIACK,I)|\

: is it"isn't frustrating to exceedingly shortsighted. Past here "The and

speak for itself and hence gets a better reputation than it deserves."The

future is limitless, everlasting. But "that which we are, we are."And

that which we ought to be we had better begin to be. Now is the time For audiovisual assistance on sound projectors, filmto perform, to repent—to improve. informationstrip slideprojectors,on Churchandparticipation,other A-V equipment,write to—including

'Phillip Brooks, XVIII. Sermon Deseret Book Company

Tennyson. -Alfred Lord Last Salt Lake South Temple, City, Utah 84110

Smiles, Character: Courage. 44 "Samuel

Please send information on me * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Name

Broadcasting System December 31, 1967. Copyright 1967. Address

City State Zip March Era 68

66 Improvement Era Do you SQeJhflji only on Sundays?

There are vast libraries of 16mrrr films complete information on our Autoload Bell & Howell, Dept: AV16-16-3

available that could be of significant 16mm sound projector. It threads itself 7100 McCormick Road, Chicago, III. 60645

in to value you instruction your automatically, and stops single a on frame,

Gentlemen: lists of Please send your me

activities. social In addition to religious in and even to let reverse goes you

for full films use, church and 16mm list matter, the films includes for your use repeat important scenes again again. and

information the projector. on Autoload

at banquets, luncheons, drives, funding is more, the What's Autoload club meetings, civic affairs—and dozens completely portable. You can easily take Name more. We'd be more than pleased to it from room to room, across town or Church.

send you a representative listing of on a trip.

films from various libraries. For complete information, and a Address

And we'd also like you to have wide variety of film listings, please clip City -State..Zip and mail the coupon.

AUDIOVISUAL PRODUCTS DIVISIOH

O BellbHoluell A MUSIC COMPANY Woman's VISIT OUR

NEW HOME Everything is new. The Golden

music selection for church, home, and school has beengreatly expanded. This is a Years

special invitation to all of you music lovers from out By Hattie B. Maughan

of town to visit us this coming April Conference. With more people living until to write. Those of us who

You will enjoy our new they are seventy, eighty, and even are still privileged to have our facilities. Come in and ninety, psychologists, husbands with us as we

browse. Let us help you in sociologists, and geriatrics move into the retirement age

all of your musical needs. specialists are working overtime must meet one of our greatest

NEW ADDRESS to lick the bugaboos of challenges. How well do 65 South West Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 retirement and aging. Through we live together as man and wife

Phone: 3646518 all the furor, our Church has when the children (mainly

maintained a notable equanimity. the mother's realm ) and the job

One might draw a simple (mainly the father's realm) conclusion and say, "In Church are no longer the absorbing service there is no retirement interests? These can be the

age, and theoretically Mormons golden years of companionship don't grow old."Surely the and usefulness or the barren

vigor and youthful outlook of years of misunderstanding and our aging leaders would regret. It all depends on

tend to bear out this how well we have prepared oversimplification. ourselves for this eventuality. And

so it is not only to us, the But individually, and as a Church, older generation of wives, but we do have concern for those also to the younger ones that this who have problems of adjustment article is directed.

when their years of economic productivity are terminated. First, let us recognize that unless

Some of these needs have been we are career women, we do anticipated through our not retire in the same sense it is as our husbands. Our daily routine BIBLICAL AND HISTORICAL Church Welfare Plan, but

except little changed, may be WAX MUSEUM not of material need that I wish failing when health may

Located half block south of TemteacherHattie B.in Maughan,the Logan Relief(Utah)Society18th force us to a slower pace or our

ple Square—36 Richards Street, Ward and a former winner of a companion's needs may

contest, writing play national daily City, Utah. Salt Open Lake a rerequire steppedup tempo. are her husband and ports that she including to p.m. 10:30 a.m. 8:30

years so golden much "enjoying the wrote, Bierce Ambrose Stirring holidays. and Sundays ideas like our to share that we'd rather whimsically, would "Woman history is their biblical this from others."Perhaps with moments

and stories from the Book of Morsuccess secret: "We're much too be more charming if you

mon are realistically portrayed busy to have retirement problems."could fall into her arms without

in lifelike color and lifelike dimension through the wonders of wax sculpture.

68 Improvement Era falling jnto her hands."'Most

women have tried, some with a modieum of success, to remake the men whom, prior to marriage, they aeknowledged to be perfect. But never

does a man so completely fall into his wife's hands as when he retires. Now she must

not only supply his physical needs when you join builderbut a morale be as LDS Books Clubwell. a Because woman

traditionally hedges a little on this month.

her age, the loss of youth sX never hits her with quite the "Family Tree"the exciting game same impact as it does a man. for all the family. Enjoy learning

family relationships. You'll be a

Now more than ever before winner!

he needs to feel needed. This

shock of being expendable is sometimes cushioned by OR CHOOSE "FAMILY NIGHT READER"semiretirement. If the husband is by S. Dilworth Young for just $1.29

kept on 'emeritus status"or ($2.50 value)

in "an advisory capacity,"or if he is a tradesman and is his for wifecalled jobs,"1. "odd 2. Prophecy Key Life Everlasting your Choose

to the j fife "j Future Duane is Crowther grateful.should be Work first selection

by Duane Crowther healer, affliction.the the not these from $3.95

popular books:

One wife who had always complained that her husband was

5. Mormon MORMON 3. For Ten Most Quest The his to"married job"moaned THEWANTEDTE8 HOSTMEK 4.

Doctrine Excellence Wanted Men retired, he was he wasthat now Bruce R. by Sterling by Paul W. by Dunn

being retained on a parttime McConkie iKRsini $3.95 $3.75 Sill

basis. "He will put in a S6.95 Paul H. B8BB

full day's work with peanuts for pay!"she wailed. This man The Fourth to 8. 6. Fantastic 7. Answers Vwas an authority in his field Years Thousand Victory Book of Mormon

and had established a record by W. Cleon Questions by W. Cleon

of unstinted service. The Skousen by Sidney Sperry Skousen

"second mile"was almost his $3.75 $3.50 $6.95

trademark. Couldn't his wife

OR ANY LDS BOOK OF YOUR CHOICE WE HAVE AVAILABLE WITH A RETAIL PRICE OF $3.00 OR MORE

realize that the service itself was his compensation and that CLIP THIS COUPON... JOIN NOW! LDS BOOKS CLUB INC.

he would be lost if it were P.O. Box 400, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

suddenly terminated? If her Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $

resentment didn't break the Please send "Family Tree"at the special 99c price or chain of communication between Also, please send"Familythe followingNight Reader"circled book(s)at the specialas my $1.29first regularprice Club

selection:them, his work would 7 3 5 6 4 8 12

reviews. monthly and send me an member as CLUB LDS BOOKS Enroll megradually slacken off, and he

alternates the during or selections next 12I herebymonthsagreeat theto of 4 regular a purchase minimum could be brought into the circle regularor alternate.)advertisedI mayprice.resign(Premiumat any timeboohsafterfor purchasingjoining do not4 books.qualifyForas eacha regular4 booksClubI selectionaccept, I

of activities that they both will receive a valubale bonus book free—a savings of 20%.

could enjoy. Name

Address.

City.....State. Zip.

March 1968 69 BLACK & WHITE LIVI9 8 exposure Sometimes adequate income to the children and grandchildren, roll presents a problem. But if and if they wish to assist with

DEVELOPED & PRINTED retirement does put a pinch on the expenses, let them. Gratitude is

IN JUMBO SIZE pocketbook, what an a twoway street.

12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 opportunity for cooperation—to

36 exposures $1.50 remember the early days of If the husband's work has

marriage when it was a been largely sedentary, he should COLOR FILM to save encouraged into more, plan and not be

less, treat. DEVELOPING challengetogether for special physical activity; some but

treat mav be a visit he should not take it on suddenly. 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per That

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

12Exposure Dev. and Printing Roll $3.00 per

Color Reprints 204 each Richard L. Evans

COLORColor Slides SLIDES per 1 35 mm 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll The Spoken Word

135 mm Color Slides per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll Without Character

PHOTOSGENEALOGY of NEGATIVES MADE OLD Talentwithoutwithoutcharactercharacteris a causeis alwaysof concern:a causemoneyof concern.without character,Anything each. 604 PRINTS PHOTOS,

of NEGATIVE, 84 each authority without character, power, personality, eloquence, beauty

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s without character, marriage without character, knowledge, teaching

MoneyBack Guarantee without character, weapons, even bare hands without character, even life character is a without—or anything cause of concern. know "Men may PHOTO LABSAM'S is right,"fail Smiles, what "and yet said Samuel they... to do it; may UtahP.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City,

understand... duty... but... not summon... the resolution to

perform it.... Many are the valiant purposes... that end merely in

words; deeds intended, that are never done,"and all for want of character. "There are those,"continued this source, who "are ready to be

unprincipled and unjust rather than unpopular.... It is much easier

... to stoop, to bow, and to flatter [with]... servile pandering to

popularity... than to be manly.... Consciences have become more

elastic.... So many persons of promise... disappoint the expectations

of their friends. They march up to the scene of action, but at every

step their courage oozes out.... Personal beauty soon passes; but

beauty of mind and character increases...."* There are those who

"spend their time in debating just how wrong things are, which, whether they be more or less wrong,... [they] know that it is not for them

to do."1'It is wasteful to sit by until we have decided "just whether the

thing is wrong, and just how wrong it is."1'We need standards, courage,

commitments—and character to keep them. "Who are the men who have

succeeded in the best way?"asked Phillips Brooks. "They are men

who... [knew that] they had their own duties,... their own work

to do, and [found a] way to do it...."- Talent without character,

beauty, money, power, influence, eloquence—anything without character

—is a hazard and a cause of concern. Character will always be found

the best safeguard of virtue—and of all else that makes life safe and

satis!

'Samuel Smiles, Character: Courage, Chapter 5.

2PhilHps Brooks, Twenty Sermons; Sermon XVIII.

In a Gold Medallion home, presented over KSL and the Columbia Square, from Temple Word""The Spoken everything's electric includ- * 1968. Copyright 14, 1968. January Broadcasting System

ing the heat.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

70 Improvement Era

Sw.Ch.Pipe16',16.8',Organ:8', 4',4'. 22'Mixrure(s>,, Mixture(s) Sw. to Ch. Gt.Ped.Rdj16". 8'8.Quint.4'Ch. to Ped. MGKRID KARG fct.ERT Op?V No 2

Copyright MCMLtV by E I v. ird B. M irk. Music Corpo'it'on. Revision by Gerard Alphenaar, Reprinted by permission.

You can't play this music correctly on an ordinary twomanual organ.

But you can on a Baldwin.

The music is from IN DULCI ment of chorus reeds as well as Make a note of the chorus reec

JUBILO by KargElert. the most necessary solo reeds. stops on these leading Baldwin

To play it with proper respect Church Organs. Check them

for the composer's intentions, you against other comparably priced need the exciting, overwhelming organs. And for complete specifisound that only an independently cations just write Baldwin, Dept.

voiced chorus reed ensemble IE 3-68. Cincinnati, Ohio 45202.

can deliver. Baldwin Model 1 1 Swell: 16'

Synthetic stops or solo reeds Fagott, 8'Trompette, 4'Clarion.

will not work. They are for an Great: 16'Trumpet, 8'Trumpet.

entirely different purpose. Pedal: 16'Posaune, 8'Trumpet,

That's where a Baldwin is 4'Schalmei. Baldwin Model 6

unique. It is the only organ in Swell: 16'Fagott, 8'Trompette,

its class that offers a full complellllllllllIIIIIIHffl 4'Clarion. Great: 8'Trumpet.

Pedal: 16'Posaune, 8'Trumpet,

4'Schalmei.

March 1968 71 What Walking is a much underrated activity, good alone, but better shared. He will soondoes adjust his pace to his wife's.

If she can't actively engage in his favorite sport of golf, fishing,snence or whatever, she could go along and be an interested spectator.

He may need a fan more than ook a competitor. Gardening can

also be enjoyed together.

ike? Togetherness is important,

but so is privacy, and individuality.

If he loves to work with his Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear hands and her fingers are all

Cordridge!"of feet for years and years. thumbs, she shouldn't intrude

It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate her clumsiness into his hobby;

an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of rather, she should let him

Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced create alone while she retires to teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1825. her room to write a poem or

handsomely to the decor of today's goes into the garden and paints new Mormon church buildings. a picture.

its 100% Bigelow Approved continuous filament nylon pile is dense and Bigelow There are many educational pursuits an older couple can follow together now that they have more time at home to enjoy them. LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS

15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS His reading may largely have 20% savings on selected titles been confined to his profession or trade and the newspaper, at records to books details and on obtain your and how LDS Catalog will be they included with sent request; percent upon of and savings 15 20 a but he needn't let it drop to the f F O order. you your selections when

level of the newspaper plus The Way to Happiness Art of Homemaking Fantastic Victory TV. The family bookshelves

by Rulon S. Howells by Daryl V. Hoole by W. Cleon Skousen are probably bulging with

(reg. $1.50) $1.20 (reg. $3.95) $3.15 (reg. $3.75) $3.19 good books both hoped some day

Ideals Easter First Years 2000 to to read. Cumorah time the have Here Co. Since Publishing Ideals by Skousen W. Cleon by by Hugh W. Nibley is. wife to might want A (reg. $1.40 $1.75) (reg. $3.15 it $3.95) (reg. $4.21 $4.95)

to her read husband. He might like the Church and The Third Years Thousand L. Lund Prophecy John by Negro that, unless is a voracious he by W. Cleon Skousen S. Crowther by Duane (reg. $2.00 $2.50) his reader own. on (reg. $4.76 $5.95) (reg. $3.36 $3.95)

Stories Pioneer by Preston Nibley Life Everlasting Fourth Thousand Years (reg. $2.95) $2.50 by Duane S. Crowther by W. Cleon Skousen Both husband and wife probably

The Story of Life for LDS (reg. $4.50) $3.60 (reg. $6.95) $5.56 have wholesome club affiliations

Children and LDS Books that they continue. should for Excellence Quest The by Lund & Menlove all of Sill OtherRecords—95% W. by Sterling These exclusively should not be (reg. $2.12 $2.50) records and books LDS

(reg. $3.19 $3.75) or men's their groups, at available women's are LDS Primary Songs—

advertised regularly Tomorrow Record 34 songs—L.P. Valley of but should include some in which

by less Gordon Allred price 33V3 15% (+ post- (reg. $3.00) $2.40 (reg. $3.50) $2.80 age) both can participate.

of Residents POSTAGE not forget couple should the Arizona add 3 per- A tax. cent sales

per $3.00 send 10c United States aesthetic of living, side now order or portion thereof. (Ex. $1.90 LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE

order 10c; $3.25 order 20c) P. 0. Box 2454; 346 S. Hobson St. that they see so much more of

All Foreign Countries send 15c per Mesa, Arizona 85201, Tel: 9647061

$3.00 order or portion thereof. Offer good anywhere in world

72 Improvement Era we were... 105 years ago, we've grown steadily—by

providing a needed service to the people and industries of the 13 Western states we serve—until today we have over 32,000 loyal, energetic born...

employees (many of them in Utah and Idaho) and a 2 billion dollar investment in properties, equipment and other assets.

We contribute mightily to the economy of the UNION states we serve through huge payrolls PACIFIC (over $248,000,000 in 1966), large tax payments (over $71,000,000 in 1966), and vast annual expenditures for everything from computers to lubricants for train locomotives (over $207,000,000 for new equipment and improvements).

We pride ourselves on being good citizens and pledge our best efforts to continue to be an GATEWAY TO AND FROM THE BOOMING WEST important factor in the growth and progress Shipper or traveler, we're here to serve you.

of the West.

PACIFIC RAILROADMarchUNION1968.

each other. Since they have be able to be comfortably make these truly the golden

grown old together, the casual in appearance without years are boundless. Maybe

husband will not expect his wife becoming habitually indifferent both have been active in the to perform a glamorous to how they look or act. Church and possibly held

transformation for his benefit. positions of authority. Or perhaps

She is not in competition This is general information for because of the demands of his with his secretary, past or present. any wife, but for a Latterday profession, the husband has

Both husband and wife should Saint wife the opportunities to not been as active in the Church as he might have liked. That

problem is now removed. The wife

should encourage him to be the leader in spiritual matters.

She can take counsel from Peter, who wrote, "Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that if any obey

not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives."

(I Pet. 3:1.) Among the early

it appears there FOR HOMEWORK, YOUR'CHILD NEEDS Christians were those who needed also the

TO KNOW WHAT MAKES A FIREFLY gentle persuasion of their

LIGHT IIP wives to lead them into the fold.

CAN YOU HELP HIM?

One need not hold a position The New Book of Knowledge can. With this new encyclopedia in your home, in the Church to be completely

your child quickly finds the answers he needs, always written in language he active. The army of the Lord

understands. That's because our Editors found out what kind of questions needs privates as well as

teachers are asking children today. Then they wrote this encyclopedia to meet generals. If we attend our

the demands of today's school curriculum* And they wrote it in exciting, upmeetings, study the scriptures, and todate language. They used firstgrade words in articles for firstgraders, and

sixthgrade words for sixth -graders. They even included a treasury of simple

stories and nursery rhymes for preschoolers.

When your youngster turns to the article of "Bioluminescence"in The New

Book of Knowledge, he will discover what causes the "cold"light in a firefly's tail. He will see six fullcolor photos of plants and animals that produce their I Needed to Go Out

own light. He will learn why some scientists today believe that, long ago,

most primitive organisms had to produce light to survive. By Christie Lund Coles

That's just a sample of the kind of information he'll find. With The New

Book of Knowledge at your house, you're off the hook at homework time.

This beautiful set has 9,442 pages, 22,400 illustrations, (13,700 in color- / needed to go out and be more color than in any other encyclopedia), 989 maps. There are 6,300,000 part of the wide dimensions

words and over 85,000 index entries. Alphabetical arrangement of subjects of the world; to see

it "look the up"habit.encourages the hillside, against the haze

referis called "an essential of that Knowledge Book wonder The New No treegreening every of a free copy For your Library Journal... children"for by youngerence work

colorful brochure describing The New Book of Knowledge, use this coupon. standing in joy,

and proud tranquillity

out to go and be I needed descriptive about folder send me your The New Book ofKnowledgeTHE NEW BOOK THEPleaseNEW BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE, Putnam Valley, N.Y. 10579 |

children There are ages family, in my dimensions i part wide of the

OF KNOWLEDGE Nameof the world; free

Address. as the light; knowing my smallCity County ness,

State- -Zip i and my infinity.

20 volumes: Ivory Sturdite binding stamped in

genuine gold and royal blue. w

ublication of Groiier Incorporated Cash price $200.00. Available on Budget Plan

74 Improvement Era do temple work and genealogical regarded as inconsequential. So "fallen into our hands,"we must

research, our religious life it was with delight that I read also let him know that he has will be full and rewarding. A one poet's tribute to a woman's also "fallen into our arms"

further reward awaits older tongue: "The sweetest noise on with love and understanding for

members in missionary work. If earth, a woman's tongue; a these golden years. Of course,

their health and finances string that hath no discord."our motive in this is purely

permit, perhaps they will be selfish. We will have him longer

able to go on a mission Now that our husband has in this life and for all eternity. O

together. Outside of parenthood

itself, no shared experience can bring greater satisfaction than serving a mission with one's life companion.

<r* Shared experiences should weld husbands and wives together, not drive a wedge between them. I am reminded of two trees ROYAL w/palm tabulator, OLYMPIA Long Carriage UNDERWOOD, completely

in the yard of my childhood fully reconditioned: $119.50 Port, w/case new: $149.50 automatic. Special: $89.50

home. One was a blue spruce,

as beautiful a specimen as you will ever see. People

commented ivon its perfect shape and the unusual density of its branches. My father, observing

it one day, said, "That tree foundREMINGTONon $270.00Super,machw/features: $89.50 ROYALfrom beingKMG onlynew: 4$99.50models CompletelyI.B.M.reconditionedmodel B $229.50

has two center tips."And upon

close examination he found that actually there were two trees, their trunks lining up side by side and their limbs S IffW T5jSita. 8WWw.WWwwW W WW WWWW

intermeshing in perfect symmetry.

In contrast, nearby was an OLYMPIA, weighs 10 subtracts, adds, pounds SCMELECTRIC, SMITHCORONA 215, all electric,

Lifetime guarantee $69.50 $69.50 it's new: 15"carriage and multiplies w case $198.50 arborvitae that had commenced

life as a shapely, twolimbed tree, its parallel arms reaching Over 200 thetoward same sun. But

after awhile the limbs began Long Carriage to spread apart, one and Genealogical Typewritersoutdistanced the other. It became

a misshapen and ugly thing, to select from and my father had to cut it down.

ELECTRICS STANDARDS PORTABLES NEW AND USED

What we say drives a wedge Drop in and browse... Fully Guaranteed - Satisselec- through our wide faction Assured. Budget oftenmore than do. what we Inquiries all reof tion models, if desired. Terms A

are familiar conditioned with with saying, the welcome. new small willWe amount down $59 50 machine guarantees—hold or deliver your is"A woman's the tongue

... only from selection.

instrument that grows sharper with constant use."

Many women have grown Mail accustomed to being identified SCHREYEKS orders as the talkative sex and perhaps TYPE RIGHTS hSTORE promptlyhaving their conversation YOUR Ofympia DEALER filled.

Downtown28 West First South -3289726

Cottonwood Mall 2784453 March 1968 75 Especially For Conference Visitors...

Utah Civic BALLETWillam F. Christensen, Artistic Director

Presents 11COPPELIA IfAPRIL 3-4-5-6 - KINGSBURY HALL 8:30 P.M.

MAKE YOUR PLANS NOW TO ATTEND!

Thousands were turned away from the seven STANDING ROOM ONLY performances the last time this delightful ballet was performed.

Wayward Child Featuring Principal Dancers of

UTAH CIVIC BALLET By Alice Morrey Bailey

With the complete 75 piece UTAH SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA Hea isnewlylike saddled colt.

And the corps de ballet of the U of Utah Running in the wind in wild revolt.

He leaps all bars Name April 3 8:30 p.m. which threatened freedom's room;

Address April 4 8:30 p.m. My anguish sees him

City State April 5 8:30 p.m. rushing toward his doom.

for the ticketsPlease send me April 6 8:30 p.m. The foolish doctrines of Coppelia. performanceApril

Total Amount enclosed $ Check Location and he propounds seem crass—

(All Mail Orders must be postmarked no later than Price A braying in the wilderness.

March 20, 1968) Main Center $4.25 The brass

check and selfaddressed, stampedSend fallacy is music Main Sides $3.25 Of

to:envelope his ears. to

UTAH CIVIC BALLET Bal. Center $3.25 What seas of reason lie

145 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah Bal. Sides $2.25 between our years!

COX'S DELICOUS And yet his mirror

Planning to Buy or Rent in CreamedMoney Beforeis mychastisementown brash youth,

WASHINGTON. DC AREA? one of the best in the U.S. from the word of God

Booklet: DESTINATION

WASHINGTON packed CDXS gift boxes a speciality Felllikeona mywhippingconsciencerod, information. Writewith For Free Brochure) (Write FARMS Before my rich adventures HONEY COX Beck,Mrs. Jeannie LDS,

6013 Leewood Dr. Alex., Shelley, Idaho 83274 into truth.

Va. 703971-5340. When my son comes

OR contact repentant to my knee,

We'll Pay up You to $30 stories, or short 508 N.Washington St. for anecdotes Cvowellfc 4 COMPANY INC Alex., Va. 22314 ous or serious, relating to childrenhumor- I learnhow Godat lastlovesto knowme.

REALTORS Phone:703549-1675 andacceptancethe church.for publication.Payment basedIncludeon

return postage.

Children—Trilogy Arts—Box 843

76 Provo, Utah 84601 Improvement Era

New from holein-theLennox Comfort rooPto startup

System... same day!

Optional POWER SAVERcools free Commercial quality, factoryassem- with outside air below 57F. bled; prewired and precharged.

New, easyinstalling Lennox units—8 through 22 tons electric cooling, up to

500,000 Btuh gas heating. Completesystem, singlesource responsibility.

Singlezone system plus multizone system. Whatever your building—office,

school, restaurant, plant, clinic, laboratory, apartment or other highoccupancy space—Lennox has the system for it. LENNOX

For details, write Lennox Industries Inc., 600 S. 12th Ave., Marshalltown, Iowa, air conditioning heating

March 1968 77 MissionariesMenus for can John: but its words Dear and you

. This isn't. t thethe wellknownwex "Dear wayJohn of letter,letllfe or life, missionary. your change ssful a more care and take happier to ed a be vv wUl were you thought considered you -.o-pt rhurch f ami Y your an what equipP"eHanasehome aw But -y yourself. id. t wor of the meet t to shirt, goJ a r5:r,ready. ron you t<> conquered

1 y been Yet Yu has it pressed. hole eyeopener stlU la there bear, bed * we a "? make what kee\Txr.B these mundane tasks vered. We.now yen can a.o

. t used t8 can learn the basic essentials. as e, a P-n - r Have you noticed t,at your

cles ""coUained mus ulcers? ycur loping Are deve deS. be? or "e d % r candy"Jba de d an with,. hamburgers St0ma0h Diets and /rTes nch e r f Y; rIasy this may onon greasyg rice, living long and weary ni

up get * lead tired oan too and you can n,a,e ol **J lac* o your 'rtheseSU cause. gnored the be can, theythey y because noonIon be: before truly may be Al healtny be must discouragement. onary to missi needs. nutritional body's

being hunhappy in his.or,. fm dal your Y Ur feroad nutrients -,** he re Th supply fd a neede

: amounts the SrY in nutrients include thethe all ".til should contains as needs suoh va its categories. all in milk food sourcess includes,, ng lea our are milk foods The These group. 8a "fces.and l1* cream, and "ain"n""ice ion format and cheese, able9

f o'ds '.Si -vioe--rse SL are cereais and groups. breads se all tne from day in each organization consistently Eat t Your to conser. lBportant. learn must Missionaries the prep ao sh and and menus s marketing weeV planning, menu v time upon y a good depending is day & "diversion"drudge ry a week a for be can menus Marketing. plng ery First gro the knowhow to go your and power

can be a bargain, but goods are not.

78 Improvement Era.

Today's Family

in foods frozen ll WmiKiUmSm a lace P store, the and frohome Cel come you as s oon As Store week. T"compartment. whole the for freezer e th ti-e d o f perishable be can other sticks Store carrot g two the within P-or.in used bags be to plastic is in that them Weat Other;fr"refrigerator. the in "frl8Br"the in immediately red sto ia

. should days and frozen air tig companion should be1be wrapped meat

nutri- c an live the definite;—--- to decide is well take the on *o* spend when ma>ing out oan >-. -

lowoost foods P-P- iroUtraUon c al form.In mis510n that menus those t and fctors, now know *S'Tta of minimum a and aration squander. to precious, a good too is first field be: should llt

of your Ih e Pattern second,aenusyU-X-a breakfast; nutritional a dinner quickly prepared, yet full of

or stewing meat, can oe u conpossible. should this energy,

y a enrioh or to get you going and to sustainsusta your Breakfast,

weekly three or four times r/eggsVleast, f. day *. for toast or for sandwiches.

a n e S1 y P P crisp d a ad iways s: A m e at dessert vegetableXlUj".-- possible best tomatoes, is the turnips, X%ruit be use well can a salad pepper includes green of \ course,

are, menus Dinner ess, a builtvegetable cQurse> another and. cheese or beans, n leSS poultry, fish, I fi willjot just you of pattern, up this n oil *follow will youvou TIff around and carry ht pr teinSf weign y ou and The month., mlnerals, a inS than will it fats; and starches

. will build muscle and energy. many wayS

yourmission to f eed the time in t*> years These healthy eat peppy, are what.you really You yo So build will which that self

missionary. Sincerely,

Florence B. Pinnock

eatinghe try days, meals. iowing fol P.S. Would a week's sample menus hehelp.iD 9 For seven

March 1968 79 make the gravy as above. Season. Add

BREAKFAST SACK LUNCH DINNER 1 teaspoon prepared mustard and V?

pound grated cheese

M Grapefruit juice Peanut butter Pot roast

Potatoes, cereal sandwiches Readytoeat onions, carrots Bean Soup salad Celery sticks Tossed egg N Softcooked

D Whole wheat toast Bananas Hot baking powder biscuits (canned) pudding Milk Tapioca A dried 1 cup navy beans

Milk Y boiling 6 cups water T Grapefruit juice Egg salad san Jwiches Beef and noodles 1 ham bone or small piece of leftover

U Cooked oatmeal cereal Carrot sticks Asparagus and peas ham lettuce salad and Orange wheat toast Apples E Whole 1 carrot, diced butter and Bread Milk S 1 sliced onion, Tapioca pudding D

Salt to taste and pepper Milk A

Y 1 can cream of tomato soup

beef ches Sliced juice sandw Grapefruit CheeseW

Scalloped potatoes Combine beans, water, ham bone, carcelery cereal Carrot and Cooked oatmeal E

D with raisins sticks Spinach rot, onion, and salt and pepper. Cook

wheat toast Apples Whole N Bread and butter slowly until the to tender beans are (2

Apricots Milk E cut ham; meat Remove 2V2 hours). Cookies S

D Milk into small pieces and save for a garnish.

A Season soup to taste with salt and

Y pepper. Add water if the soup seems

thick. too simtomato Add soup and liver butter and Panfried juice Peanut T Grapefruit

6. Serves minutes. 5 to 10 mer potatoes raisin Au gratin sandwiches on whole wheat Poached eggsH

U wheat toast Carrot and celery Stewed tomatoes

R Extra toast sticks Lettuce wedges with thousand S Milk Apples island dressing Fluffy Omelet

Bread and butter D Apricots, A cookies 6 eggs, separated Milk Y 3 tablespoons cold water patties juice Hamburger sandwiches Grapefruit Egg salad F % teaspoon salt sticks Celery cereal Mashed potatoes Readytoeat R and gravy Pepper

1 carrots Buttered Apples with sliced bananas

D Whole wheat toast Lettuce with sour cream dressing

Milk Bread and butter A until Beat frothy; egg whites add

Fruit gelatin Y mold, cookies water and seasonings continue to and

Milk stiff. until until light beat yolks Beat

S Prunes Cheese sandwiches Chili and thick and fold into whites. Heat

Pancakes Carrot slaw A sticks Cabbage in skillet 1 tablespoon margarine and butter Oranges Bread and T Cocoa in mixture. egg Cover cook and

Fruit gelatin, cookies pourU over low heat until mixture puffs MilkR

D about 8 minutes. Uncover and bake in

A 325 a F. oven or minutes about 20

Y until springs omelet back when

S Prunes Ovenfried fish touched with finger. Fold over, and

U Fried Eggs Potato puffs (mashed potatoes serve on warm platter. Makes 4 servin cereal Readytoeat browned oven)N ings. Grated cheese may be added

(string toast Savory casserole wheat bean beansD Whole before folding.

Milk and canned soup) mushroomA

Y Bread and butter Fruit gelatin, cookies Tuna or Salmon Loaf Milk

1 tablespoon lemon juice 2 cups flaked tuna or salmon 2 tablespoons margarine 2 tablespoons flour 1 cup milk Substitutes for Meat in the Prescribed Menus V2 cup evaporated milk salt teaspoon Vfc flour tablespoons 2Baked Cheese Sandwich 1 beaten egg milk cups IV2 celery cup chopped y2 and pepperLine an 8x8x2inch pan with 4 crustSalt dry 1 cup bread crumbs end slices of bread. Cover bread with

in into lightly pieces; Tear beef brown slices slices cheese,4 4 Spam, juice fish. to Add lemon or salmon tuna % until curl. the margarine edges Addcup green chopped pepper, cup in stir Melt flour; margarine, l/A then add

stir flour a to paste. and make smooth onion, salt,chopped teaspoon and 1 stir the milk until cup and cook and y2

until Stir milk. thickened. Add Season ofdash pepper. 2 eggs, Combine thick smooth. and evaporated Add

salt taste with to pepper. Serve and salt, milk. teaspoon and 2 cups salt, milk, egg, celery, x/2 crumbs, and

Pour egg and milk mixture over sandover toast, crackers, or potatoes. Serves fish, and mix well. Bake in greased

wich and let stand for at least two 4. baking dish at 350 F. until brown

hours. It may stand from 2 to 24 and set, about 30 minutes. Makes 6

hours if covered and refrigerated. Bake Variations: servings.

at 350 F. for 1 hour and 15 minutes.

Serves 4. Creamed Tuna Fish—Omit the beef and (Thanks and appreciation to President

make a gravy of flour, margarine, milk, Florence S. Jacobsen and Dean Phyllis

Creamed Chipped Beef salt, and pepper, as in creamed chipped Snow for menu ideas and recipes from beef. Season. Add 1 7-ounce can tuna their booklet "The Elder Builder ManV2 pound chipped beef fish. ual,"written in 1958 for the Eastern

2 tablespoons margarine Cheese Rarebit—Omit the beef, and States missionaries.) O

80 Improvement Era This is how a revolution begins.

Quietly. Without fanfare. turn out even better! Look for

With new improved Fleischmann's easy adaptyour-recipe directions

Yeast. And this new NoDissolve, on every package of new

Rapidmix method. improved Fleischmann's Yeast!)

Now, for the first time ever, you Want new recipes? You'll find

don't have to start by dissolving the 65 great new Rapidmix ideas in yeast. There's no need to warm Fleischmann's New Treasury of

the bowl. No worrying about the right Yeast Baking. Plus a wealth of

water temperature. No risk of handy howto hints. And this

killing the yeast. exciting, colorful, lavishly

illustrated 32page cookbook is

You just mix the yeast with the yours FREE. How to get it? See details This revolutionary new NoDissolve

dry ingredients when you bake the on Fleischmann's Yeast packages. Rapidmix method has been

new NoDissolve Rapidmix way. Quickly, get some today. You'll developed for you by the makers of

And the results? Spectacular! surprise your family—and yourself! Fleischmann's Yeast, the people

who brought yeast to this countryBetter than when you baked the 100 years ago. Today, with newoldfashioned way. (Yes, all your

improved Fleischmann's Yeast andfavorite recipes adapt easily to the new Rapidmix method—and the new Rapidmix method, you can

start a revolution... the most

delicious revolution in history!

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED

Bronze Medal in India

Mike Young, Latterday ''"'-j Saint from Rigby, Idaho, placed third and won the bronze medal at the World Freestyle Wrestling Tournament held in New Delhi, India. The

former Western Athletic Conference wrestling champion, twotime winner in his

division, lettered in wrestling at Brigham Young University for four years. games, and placed second

He also won the gold medal in the U. S. National

in the 1967 PanAmerican AAU Freestyle Tournament.

Temple Square Visitors Center

The lower floor of the Visitors Center on Temple

Square was recently opened with a special preview for General Authorities. The two upper floors have

been in use since last year. The lower floor

features six rooms designed for "specialized teaching":

Pioneer Room, Apostasy and Restoration Room,

Temples Room, Purpose of Life Room, Christ in America

Room, and Activities of the Church Room.

Films, diagrams, murals, recordings, paintings, photographs.

and the printed word are featured, as well as three small theaters, each with 75person capacity.

World Genealogical Jubilee

Elder Theodore M. Burton, vice president and

general manager of the Genealogical Society, Elder Howard

W. Hunter, president of the society, and President N.

Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency inspect progress of the new Salt Lake County Civic Auditorium complex (Salt Palace), which will be site of a

Churchsponsored worldwide convention for genealogists and genealogical organizations August 5-8, 1969.

Los Angeles Civic Leaders The convention, celebrating the Diamond Jubilee

Two Latterday Saints have been elected to the (75th) anniversary of the Genealogical Society, is expected two highest posts in the Los Angeles Area Chamber of to draw over 20,000 genealogists. Invitations will

Commerce. Robert L. Gordon, former high councilor be made to leading archivists, librarians,

in the Pasadena Stake and presently executive and genealogicaloriented organizations. "Renowned

vice president of the Bank of America, has been elected scholars will give important papers, and new innovations for president of the chamber, the nation's second genealogy will be demonstrated by commercial houses,"largest. He succeeds Paul E. Iverson, high priest in the said Elder Burton. He also voiced a hope that the

Wilshire Ward. Brother Iverson, an attorney, now becomes convention would be instrumental in establishing a

chairman of the board. worldwide genealogical organization.

82 Improvement Era Largest Private University Recent fulltime student enrollment figures place private and public universities. BYU's total enrollment

Brigham Young University as the largest private and largest (both fulltime and nonduplicated evening class enrollment)

Churchrelated university in the United States. This was 22,138 last semester, of which there were 3,905

past semester, 19,063 fulltime students were new freshmen; 2,157 advanced freshmen; 4,846 sophomores;

enrolled at BYU. The university ranks 26th in the U. S. 4,829 juniors; 4,205 seniors; 96 fifthyear engineering

in fulltime student enrollment, counting both students; and 2,100 graduate students.

The LDS Scene

X 1

Church Press Secretary "Church News"Editor

The First Presidency has Jack A. Jarrard has

appointed Henry A. Smith to been appointed editor of

the newly created the "Church News,"position of press secretary replacing Henry A. Smith,

of the Church. Brother recently appointed Church Danish Mission Christmas Display

Smith, former Central press secretary. The Over 90,000 visitors visited the Danish Mission's

Atlantic Mission president "Church News"is a weekChristmas display (December 8-January 1), which featured and editor of the "Church end supplement of the nativity scenes, special lighting, and exhibits about

News"since 1931, will Churchowned Deseret News. the Church and prominent Mormons, in the Maglegards

coordinate the announceBrother Jarrard has been Alle chapel on the outskirts of Copenhagen.

ment of Church information makeup editor on the Some 21,585 visitors strolled through the new chapel, to communications media "Church News"and is many viewing the film "Man's Search for Happiness."

and assist news agencies first counselor in the "The image of the Church was greatly raised,"in obtaining information bishopric of the Garden says Danish Mission President Don L. Christensen,

and tours of Church Heights South Ward in "and the Danes were amazed to learn some facilities. Salt Lake City. of the beliefs of the Church."

March 1968 83 By Roscoe C. Cox

happened paid no attention to his urgings. passes to go to a rather large city

It in France I was 20 years old at the time about a hundred miles away. When

in December 1918. and the only Mormon in the outfit; the day came for us to leave, we

The Armistice had been signed, I had tried to live the standards of packed the necessary grooming and what we thought was "the war my religion as best I could, but I articles and extra clothing into our to end all wars"had been won by had not seen another Mormon for duffel bags and started from the the victorious allies. The big quesseveral months. barracks.

tion in the minds of American Finally they started issuing tenJust then a bugler sounded "mail soldiers was "when do we get day passes for visits to certain call,"always a welcome sound to home?"sections of France. We were in soldiers, and I was no exception.

Heavy drilling had ceased, and Camp de Meucon in Brittany, and "Let's see if we've got any mail, we had lots of spare time—too Paris was "off limits."When the Sarge,"I said.

much, perhaps, and a lot of it was first group of pass receivers came "Ah, come on. What do we care

taken up with activities that were back, they had glowing tales of the about mail? We've got more imnot the most uplifting. In our pleasures to be found in the cities portant things ahead of us,"he

outfit was one sergeant, a very they had visited. My sergeant said.

likeable fellow, who had been in friend—I held the same rankBut I insisted on waiting.

the army more than 12 years. He really started to work on me to go Sure enough, I had a letter. It

was a good storyteller and usually with him. One reason, no doubt, was from Odetta Miner, a schoolhad a crowd around him listening was that because of transfers and mate of childhood days in Fairto some of his tales of escapades a "lost"service record I had review, Utah. She was in Hawaii

in the Philippines and elsewhere. ceived no army pay since May with her family. Her father was

This sergeant seemed to take a until a few weeks before, and so, principal of the Church school and liking to me and often said he was judging by military standards at editor of the mission paper, and going to try to get me to go with the time, I was rich. the family was completely involved

him on a pass so he could intro- I felt myself begin to weaken in gospel living. We had been

duce me to "the realities of life."and hated myself for it. But writing each other at about sixAt first I just laughed at him and finally we applied for and received month intervals.

84 Improvement Era LEADERSHIP

As I started to open the letter, Deseret News Press my friend took my arm. "Come on. 1600 Empire Road

You can read it on the way,"he Salt Lake City, Utah urged. 84104

But I replied. "No. I'm going to

read it now."

After I had read only a few sentences, I said to him, "I'm not going with you, Sarge."

He flew into a rage, swore, and called me a traitor and a lot worse things. "That's all right, Sarge,"

I said, "but I'm not going!"

He then became almost pleading. I finally cheered him up by

offering to loan him about $50 so he could go, and he took off in a hurry. Our modern web offset equipment produces

I went back to my room, unover 1,000,000 magazines each month.

packed my duffel bag, read the rest of the letter, and then got on my knees and thanked God for the New This Month!

arrival of that letter just in the New Testament Digest nick of time. Book of Mormon Improved

I have often wondered—and

shuddered at the possibilities—

what my life might have been like had the letter not arrived at the exact time it did and had I gone on that trip. As it is, I returned

home and was called as a missionary and later as mission president New, compact to Hawaii. I met a lovely young by John D. Hawkes BOOK of

Students, For: Teachers,schoolteacher became who my Ideal

Missionaries and You! MORMONon recordswife, have two sons, and we now

a daughter, and nine grandchildren. Send $2.00 Each Complete and unabridged

- 7"vinyl records gold LP. 50 PUBLICATIONS HAWKES sergeant, I never for the As

City, Salt B, Utah 84108 8224 saw P. O. Box reference cloth ready binding, Vinyl his leave overstayed Also Flash again. Cards "Quizettes"him He—historyLake on Church $3.00 LDS for present missionary every A must 300—

sailed France ship from ourand future. and

without him. O 95 NOW ONLY *34 TERMS

WRITE FOR FREE CATALOG

Roscoe C. Cox, high councilor in theSouth Sanpete (Utah) Stake and re- H

tired newspaper editor and publisher, CevatsnT is convinced that the "right letter at the JEWELRY CO.

right time has changed many lives."42 WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 RECORDINGS INC.

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH 1470 South State St., Salt Lake City, Utah

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER Phone 4871096

See your local book or record store.

March 1968 85 person has truly become the master of

The Presiding Bishop Speaks to Youth About himself,pulses of heanger,is notthe subjectdictum ofto thoughtsthe imthat are impure, the lure of selfgratification; nor is he dictated to by

his passions. Self Master/ President McKay placed selfmastery

By Presiding Bishop as a central objective of the gospel. He

John H. Vandenberg queried, "What is the gospel? Why do

we have it? And what is its purpose?

... Paul says that the gospel is the Each year thousands of people are that will not be satisfied until it conshocked to find that malignant, cansumes and destroys their very souls. power of God unto salvation.'Salvacerous cells have invaded some portion These merchants of death, as it were, tion from what? From what does the

of their bodies to such a degree that are advocating indulgences that rob world need to be saved?"The Prophet

death becomes imminent. Today, canman not only of his greatest defense then answers his rhetorical question:

cer is one of the most dreaded diseases against evil, but also of his greatest "The world needs to be saved, first, known to man. Cancer cells serve key to progress—his ability to master from the dominating influence of anino useful purpose in the economy of himself. Just as a horse becomes mal instincts, of passions, of appethe individual; rather, these cells more valuable when it is disciplined tites."("Treasures of Life,"p. 438.)

demonstrate an unlimited and unconand trained, so man can enjoy greater Here, selfmastery is made central to trolled power of growth. It is this progress as he disciplines his appethe purpose of life. And as we examine

ravaging and uncontrolled growth that tites and passions.

will result in cancer's taking such an These people preach not only indulawesome toll of human life this year gence; in addition, they would have us

and each succeeding year until it can believe that selfmastery and selfbe halted. We have hope that some denial lead to a condition void of enday we will find the answer, and that joyment. This is a hideous falsehood

lives will be spared as a result. Beand is contrary to the very spirit of the

cause of this hope, millions of dolgospel and of progress. Sir Walter

lars and limitless man hours are Scott strikes out at this thinking in expended in an effort to hasten that these words: "Teach selfdenial and

day. make its practice pleasurable, and you

Yet, in the midst of these efforts, can create for the world a destiny we find some in our society who are, more sublime than ever issued from in reality, advocating an even more the brain of the wildest dreamer."As

serious form of cancer—a cancer of Scott intimates, there is great power

the soul. These selfappointed desavailable to those who learn to subpots are calling for an unleashing of ject their appetites and passions to

man's appetites and passions. They their will. Quite contrary to the cry for

declare that indulgence is the natural indulgence to which we have referred, way and hence the right way. They selfmastery is the real key to progress

advocate indulgence in drugs, in liquor, and joy. Tennyson wrote, in "Sir

in smutty literature, in moral transGalahad,""My strength is as the gressions; and the list could go on. strength of ten, because my heart is the Lord's commandments, we see that

There are many, particularly among pure."they are designed specifically to free

the youth, who are being caught up It would be well if we were to look us from these "animal instincts."

in this satanic dogma. Little do these for a moment at what, specifically, The divine edict, "Thou shalt love

young people realize that such indulself-mastery implies for you young men...,"can assist us in avoiding the

gence releases a cancerous growth and women of the Church. When a pain and unhappiness that disdain and

86 Improvement Era rage produce. By being honest and "Behold, how many thousands of life to that of Joseph of old, who

seeking for the best in others, we can our brethren has he loosed from the learned to govern his passions. The end

avoid "the animal desire for gratificapains of hell; and they are brought to product of the lives of these two men

tion."(Ibid., p. 439.) Through living sing redeeming love, and this because bears additional witness of the joy and

the Word of Wisdom, we free ourselves of the power of his word which is in achievement that come through selffrom being dominated by our appetites. us, therefore have we not great reason mastery.

Through thinking pure thoughts and to rejoice? Young men and women of the

being chaste in all our actions, we "Yea, we have reason to praise him Church, the world needs people who achieve mastery over our baser pasforever, for he is the Most High God, can master themselves. Our period of

sions. By these means, we free ourand has loosed our brethren from the history requires this strength which

selves to qualify for and enjoy the chains of hell. comes from selfmastery possibly more

crowning relationship, that of eternal "Now have we not reason to rejoice? than any other time. In spite of the

marriage. Yea, I say unto you, there never were few who cry "indulgence,"the world

Milton echoed this thinking when he men that had so great reason to restill echoes the words of Josiah Gilbert wrote on this subject of mastering one's joice as we, since the world began; yea, Holland:

self: "He who reigns within himself and and my joy is carried away, even unto "God give us men! A time like this

rules his passions, desires, and fears is boasting in my God; for he has all demands

more than a king."To see the truth of power, all wisdom, and all understandStrong minds, great hearts, true

these words, we need only glance at A ing; he comprehendeth all things, and faith and ready hands;

history; for in the perspective of history he is a merciful Being, even unto salvaMen whom the lust of office does

comes the most convincing witness of tion, to those who will repent and not kill;

the importance of selfmastery. Men whom the spoils of office canAmmon, a son of King Mosiah, not buy;

was an heir to the throne in his country. Men who possess opinions and a

Yet, he rejected that honor in order to will;

preach the gospel to the Lamanites. He Men who have honor; men who will

was a fearsome foe in combat. As we not lie;

read of his defending the king's flock Men who can stand before a demaand cutting off the arms of his wouldgogue be assailants, we gain a picture of his And damn his treacherous flatteries great courage and great strength. without winking!

Ammon had learned to master his pasTall men, suncrowned, who live sions and his pride; all that he did, he above the fog...."

did to further the Lord's work. He May we keep in mind that any man

brought thousands to a knowledge of who indulges in satisfying his every the truth, and he was greatly honored desire and appetite greatly limits his and respected. Because he had masusefulness to society and certainly to

tered himself, he received the greatest the Lord. In a true sense, an indulgent

of joy—a joy even greater than that of man is a slave. As Robert Burton stated

a king. He describes that joy in these in his "Anatomy of Melancholy": "Conwords: quer thyself. Till thou hast done this,

"Yea, I know that I am nothing; as thou art but a slave, for it is almost as

to my strength I am weak; therefore I well to be subject to another's appewill not boast of myself, but I will boast believe on his name."(Al. 26:1214, tite as to thine own."

of my God, for in his strength I can 35.) Remember: in spite of what the

do all things; yea, behold, many mighty History is replete with similar exworld applauds, the real worth of a

miracles we have wrought in this land, amples. We need only refer to David, man, and therefore of you and me, is

for which we will praise his name who lost his favored standing because determined by how well we master ourforever. of unbridled passion, and compare his selves. O

March 1968 87 A FREE DOLLAR BOX OF MASON CANDY WORTH $1200?

L. Roshell sent for his FREE Mr. Frank box Motto Haiku

Regional Manhelp with the of Mason's and ager and local Campaign Counselor, raised By Jessie Cannon Eldridge $1200 for the Boteler High School, in Holt,

Alabama IN ONLY ONE HOUR AND FIF- A bit of fragrance

TEEN MINUTES. Always clings to the hand that

"The candy was given to the students on Gives a friend a rose.

Friday afternoon at the close of school. By

4:30 PM of the same day, without taking

students away from classes—the drive was

completed. This method of raising $1200 in

less than two hours is undoubtedly the best method I have ever used."

Send for a Free box of candy and let our

Campaign Counselor explain Mason's TwoHour-FundRaising Plan. No risk—No investment. Each box has an attractively printed Richard L. Evans

sleeve with your organization's name, picture and slogan. Shipping charges prepaid. Return what you don't sell. Keep 400 on The Spoken Word

every dollar box sold. Pay after you have

sold the candy. Mail coupon today!

Dept. Pat Mason, 978, Mason, Box 549 From quiet homes and first beginning... L.I., N.Y. MINEOLA, 11501

Please send me (without obligation) further information and have your Campaign Counselor bring me my and explain Free box of candy ExtraProfit/ Mason's first quiet beginning, to the ends, and homes undiscovered Out

Prize Program. Award FromThere's the worth of winning, nothing the laughter wear and But NAME- -AGE 21). (IF UNDER

lines of friends."love quoted but in the wear These much,. mean ORGANIZATION

ADDRESS of living, there is this—and much, much more: the goodness of life

CITY and the love of loved ones, and the assurance that this is everlastingly

MEMBERSHOW MANY Candies, Inc., Mineola, L.I., N.Y. so. Yet here and now time moves so swiftly. Two thousand weeks Mason

(Offer available only to nonprofit groups.) have come and gone—two thousand broadcasts of music and the spoken

word—a broadcast length not equalled anywhere so far as we are aware.

And surviving in the midst of so much change is both satisfying and to this twothousandth broadcast, with Tourific! sobering. And we come now

gratitude for much—indeed, too much to mention: gratitude for the

gifts of those who have made the music; for words to match the music;

of for gratitude the to reach men's communication hearts and means

HAWAII w- for faith everlastingness—purpose; for life ki * minds; and hope and and its

and for this assurance from the Master of mankind. And with all there

HILL CUMORAH pageant is to take men's time, we are grateful to you who have taken time to 17 Days - $279 listen—some longer and some for a lesser part of life. And we pledge

19 Days - 319 to all of you to bring, as we have tried to do, the best of what is most 22 Days - 359 suitable from music of the present and the past, to touch the heart, to strengthen hope, to gladden and uplift men's lives. We pledge anew

TEXAS HEMISFAIR a watching of our words—to uplift, to comfort, to encourage, to foster

14 Days - $259 faith and the keeping of commandments, with a searching for the things 22 Days - 369 that bring us hope and peace as we come to common ground and closer (Including So. States & Florida) to the whole human family. And so we end two thousand weeks, and

22 Days - $396 again begin with music and the spoken word: "From quiet homes and

(Including Mexico City & Acapulco) first beginning, Out to the undiscovered ends...,"with the worth and

For all travel and ticketing arrangements wear of living, and the love of family and life and friends. Our gratitude to all of you. Our gratitude to God, as once more we welcome you

within these walls, with music and the spoken word. May peace be with

rGARET L(j2 vou, this day—and always.

<&r TRAVEL INC. '\

HO East 2nd South 'Hilairc Helloc, Sonnets nnrl Verse: Dedicatory Odr\

L. Salt Lake City, Utah,

* "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System December 17, 1967. Copyright 1967.

Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136

Logan 2456584 Idaho Falls, 5222581

Mesa 9645283

88 Improvement Era Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

What E'er Thou Art

An inscription over a Scottish doorway, cited by an eminent observer, 1 This some- / \ had this to say: "What e'er thou art, act well thy part."

/ % what ties to the scripture that says: "Abstain from all appearance

of evil."- If negative appearance is evil, the opposite is also indicated:

Positive appearance must be good. Behavioral studies suggest that when

people of eccentric habit and unclean person are cleaned and groomed and respectably dressed, many become responsible and compatible and wellperforming people. An actor feels and sometimes lives the part he

plays—and so, to a degree, do all of us, and there is cause to be concerned

about the part people choose to play, the appearance they choose to present, the company they choose to keep. We expect professional

people to look like what they are. We expect a doctor to have dignity,

confidence, composure; teachers to appear and be at their best, with

decorum and good taste; students to be clean and respectfully attired,

avoiding extremes; parents to appear in good taste and dignity before

the family, and children likewise in selfrespect and respect for others, in cleanliness with family and friends. Appearing the part is more than

a front. It is a part of being the part. A careless and unclean person

is likely to feel careless and unclean, and so with immodesty and other aspects also. Appearance is both a symptom and a source, and the side

effects are exceedingly significant. Appearance also plays a vital part

in the reaction of others to us. And so we should appear as we ought

to be, and be what we ought to be, improve our part, our personality, our performance, upgrade ourselves and our surroundings, and not let ourselves slip in appearance or thought or attitude or action. As we

appear, our influence and example will affect othersand us. "What

e'er thou art, act well thy part."

'Author unknown. Quoted bv David O. McKay.

-1 Thess. 5:22.

* "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System January 7, 1968. Copyright 1968. NEW PLEATED

YOKE SHEATH

$20.00 March March is a time of cold and blow,

Our exclusive, elegant, mattefinish and Sn0W > Bv Ruby L. Anders Ice tricot design—accented with sheer, Unpredictable,

permanent pleats at yoke and sleeves.

Fickle, Exquisite with pleated accessories. Incomprehensible.

White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry. But oh!

When lilies show from MatchingP, S, M, Slip.L. #SSD-D.30 to 38. #6245. $8.00

Beds of snow And, a robin ventures out to sing, Mail Check or M.0. A*

We're on the very edge of spring. PostpaidPhone: 4873621in U.S.A.

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

March 1968 89 fSALT LAKE OGDEN COJTONWOOD News"was excellent, and I knew the

Era would have a solid followup, but

I this hopes! read have is beyond my tHe Buffs last the extensively the 18 months Era

late (copies 1940's) to the dating and healthful II "0y family -j) and each one has been great, especially the Januconference the issues. But drink Rebuffs else again. issue is something ary

Pero instant cereal beverfige is There j ust are no words in my vocabumade from roasted barley and larv to express my gratitude.

F. Crabb Martha rye; contains no caffeine. Serve Missouri Kidder,

it it. hot will enjoy—everyone

30cup size 43c carton of 10 3.50 A little like a small boy, I can't wait

120cup size 1.49 Lebolo, not Sebolo until the next Era arrives with the

Nibley's of Dr. installment next Hugh

all series. the installments And, if carton of 4 5.50 I have been reading with great inAdd 85c shipping charge on small terest the January issue of the Era. should come at once, I would read

size carton, 95c on large size; 3Vi% The articles on "Egypt"and "Papyri through the night into the day. The

tax in Utah. Rediscovered"are excellent, and I apEra soars ever higher, yet keeps a foot

proach the new series by Hugh Nibley on solid earth!

with the thrill of a teenage boy after Prof. J. Sedley Stanford

ice Logan, Utah read the cream. cake and As I

the articles across first I came two L.D.S. FILMS

for rental are available times, several of Antonio Lebolo from name in: libraries located in past Hemisfair Housing troubled and it me because

Salt Lake City Provo readings I have encountered the name

Lethbridge Mesa as Antonio Sebolo. Which is correct? Accommodations for Latterday

Los Angeles Idaho Falls By the way, I would not trade my Saints planning to attend Hemisfair

New York City Eras for any periodical now in print. '68 in San Antonio, Texas, April 6-

Write tor free brochure. Richard T. Harris October 6, are available through a

Deseret Book Co., Film Dept. Parowan, Utah building fund project of the San An44 East South Temple tonio Ward, San Antonio Stake.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 Research confirms the name of AnLatter-day Saint visitors will want to highPavilion. visit the Lebolo. Mormon tonio Early manuChurch A Services Media Educational visit the of will Taberthe be light but properly, the spell scripts name University Brigham Young 24. Persons 23 Choir July nacle and error for a printer's of "S"somehow Provo, Utah 84601 to: write in interested housing over may a perpetuated for has been "L"

century. LDS Housing Center for Hemisfair '68

P. 0. Box 23225

San Antonio, Texas 78223 Papyri Discovery Phone: 512532-8122

Dr. Clayton Petty LOOK BETTER For 33 years I was a member of the San Antonio, Texas

Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, but my mother FEEL BETTER taught me about the manuscripts that Life Among the Mormons were yet to come. I have, over the

years, believed that the papyri were Thanks for running the little poems burned. Somehow LAST LONGER not

they were protected. WhenI justmy knewhome bythe Virginia"End of anMaughanEra."TheyKammeyerare choice.in

1967). (April titled "Stake Visitors"rediscovery the announced Star City

H. Thompson John thrilled papyri, LIVE MORE teachersof mentioned that the Kansas We especially appreciated the one enthe I was to my

ABUNDANTLY bones! The writeup in the "Church Rexburg, Idaho

Lyman's Vitamins & Minerals may help you Western Pioneer And all its winds press like a turn the trick By Gilean Douglas mother's hand.

Uip and Mail or Write Don Lyman, Drive. Beside the fevered marsh and Highland 2431

Salt Lake City, Utah mosshung bayou

Please send Daily Supply Tablets, / who was cradled by the smooth My forbears lit their solitary free. postage magnolia fire;

tab,ets 500 $895 Ouant.tvquantity *j bedded note upon this thorny So now these new hills hold an 1QQ tab|ets $1 95 Am

Name land, ancient singing Address. But all its rivers run like childAnd these strange rocks the

hood rhyming strength of old desire.

City

State.Zip I d 90 Improvement Era Latterday Saint Servicemen I have read with interest "The Era Tour Utah's Canyonlands in the

Asks About Latterday Saint Servicemen"(January). I, too, wondered University of Utah's

about the organization Church in service when nonmember boy my the Summer School Workshop, Utah x d West friend on a went sevenmonth Navy cruise. I asked him to look up the ONE WEEK OF LECTURE - ONE WEEK OF TOUR

LDS group, if there was one, and to attend its meetings. I was relieved A choice of 40 other outstanding Presession Workshops

and very grateful to learn that on his is available June 10 - June 21.

ship USS Hancock, there was a very wellorganized group. Not only were Regular session, June 24 - August 17, offers over 500 courses

these men interested in each other taught by regular and visiting faculty members.

the gospel, and they but also took a For further write: information interest keen in this nonmember, who School, Summer 305 Park Building, University of Utah, Salt Lake City 84112 soon became a regular of part the

group. They fellowshiped, taught,

and baptized him in three months.

From his letters I know that there is a strong feeling of unity and testimony among the servicemen. They

are doing an excellent job of sharing the gospel with their fellows, and I will be eternally grateful to a certain group of sailors aboard the USS

Hancock.

Yvonne Williams Provo, Utah Bear Lake Region NEW! FOOD & MONEY SAVERS!

Bear Lake Region (January, p. 33) GRINDSDESERET VERYGRINDERFINE FLOUR WITH ONE GRINDING! (Fine enough

is primarily in Idaho and Wyoming, even for cake!) Easily adjustable for cereal. Grinds finer flour easier

other than grinder small any the hand on market today. For use inwith a few wards Utah.

rice, oats, etc. with corn, wheat, nuts, beans,

E. Henry lbs. F.O.B., 13 S.L.C wt. $11.95* Peterson Ship. Bear Lake LARGER GRINDER, MODEL 2 MC

Regional Representative 30 lb,. F.O.B., S.L.C, (mailable to 2nd and 3rd class post offices)

$23.95* H BREADMASTER yr DOUBLE Full minutes. holds 12quart capacity; for in 5 Kneads dough doughCaffeine in "Tab"M.

1 lid. solid loaves. Lifetime surelock to 4 pail and aluminum

Sometime ago a friend of mine, proShip.Stainlesswt. steel7 lbsmixing rod. Pail clamps to table. 2-year guarantee.$21.95*

hibited by diet from drinks containing CAMCO MODEL (Tin plated) $12.95*

the drug caffeine, learned of a new Ship. wt. 7 lbs.

*F.O.B. City, Salt Lake include postage.soft drink did that not contain cafresidents tax. include sales 3'/z%feine. called drink The was and Utah Tab

PERMAPAK ALSO OFFERS bottled CocaCola.was by She knew

Complete economical family and food storage plansthat of the many members Church line of freezedried dehydrated and camping foods refrained drinks containing from the CompleteSpecial rates for church club and groups drug, so she told me about it. I tried Write for free literature and information

Send your order for Breadmixer, Deseret Grinder or 2 MC Model it, found to: Grinder

told my itfriendsa most asflavorfulwell. drink,Sometimeand

later an advertisement appeared in the Era, and more of the Church Residents of Southern California contact:

kernel, Ave., StanThe Wheat 7554 Katella it. began usingmembers IIM PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS PIONEERSPERMAPAK

ton, California 90680. Phone 6351352, recently However, a has new cap

40 E. 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 8288421. bottle. placed In thebeen on the Tab

ingredients, caffeine is specifically listed. Why its sudden inclusion, I do

not know, but I didn't know if it had to attentionbeen brought your E. Bishop Denos James or not. SOMETHING YOU SHOULDmjsS! (California) Huntington Beach

Fifth Ward

testsChemical that caffeine confirm A NEW BOOK CLUB!!

is ingredient an now indeed of Tab.

Caffeine was added to the formula in

Salt Lake City about February 1. Substantial Savings to iiLembers

Whether or not this drug has been added to the formula in all parts of

States,the not United know. we do

listed the ingredientsThe on cap, Seek Lje dJut of the [Best {Boohs however, will give this information.

The lettering on the old cap was in Write for Details brown and that on the new is red.

W. D. BATCHELOR & ASSOCIATES

61 BEACON AVENUE LAYTON, UTAH 84041

March 1968 91 The Church Moves On SPRING COLLECTIONS Of family fashions and home furnishings, fashion fabrics and gifts, are now available.

Come in, write or phone. Convenient payment

terms arranged, use our ABC Credit Plan.

State and Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10 December 1967 2457 Washington Blvd., Ogden, Utah 84401

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir presented a concert to an overflow and appreciative audience in the

Tabernacle, officially closing the building's centennial year. TAKE THE FAMILY

The appointment of Dean H. *&, o. B0WLING...T0DAY

Bradshaw to the Deseret Sunday |Put a lot of sparkle into your family's life.

School Union general board was an-

J BBowl together at least once each week.

lEnjoy the excitement of competition... nounced.

lexhilaration of wholesome exercise... enIchantment of family activity. Bowling is New stake presidency: President

the one sport for all ages. David B. Barlow and counselors

... Remember the Family that Plays Ray E. Nelson and Nolan H. Daines in

... together. stays together

San Mateo (California) Stake.

BOWL AT YOUR LOCAL UTAH STATE BOWLING PROPRIETORS BOWLING LANES

January 1968 LIGHTED MAGNIFYING GLASS The end of an age—the pioneer A GENEALOGICAL RESEARCHERS Pero age—came to the Church and to

MUST Utah as Mrs. Hilda Andersson Erickson,

Save 108, passed away in a Salt Lake City 5*0WErV your?A"LENS 1 eyes nursing home. She was the sole survivorUtah—6,000of the 80,000died alongwho thestartedwayfor

THE NEW before the transcontinental railroad

NONCAFFEINE was completed in May 1869. The

HOT "their sixyear-old with family Swedish Scan* 5'/2 the day DRINKto nourishing way and 9"Overall length startchildren Adults whole Excellent grains.like Hilda to of York daughter deliciousthedelicious had for Aforthe New come boilingwholesomeand fix $5.95 ppd flavorfamily.—reading Map andfait wateryour at for too!just Lookaddthe Economical,to serve!Simple rail, Calif. Res. St. to Louis to by then by ship, 5% vorite market. collectors Tax Stamp.by Distributed (without batteries)

river to Salt by schooner, and Omaha Rock Hounds "GREAT FUND Inc. Foods, World RAISING ITEM"7th West South 2520 arriving Entomology by covered Lake City wagon, INVITED"/ INQUIRIES City, Salt Lake Utah

work October 22, 1866. VILLAGE CAMERA STORE School Juillard Fancy Foods

Aging eyes Blvd. 1417 Westwood St. 310 Townsend

Los Angeles, Calif. 90024 San Francisco, Calif.

IDS Books and Geneali gical supplies Dealers Inquiries Welcome President and Sister David 0.

McKay quietly marked the sixtyAre you moving? To be sure you won't miss any copies of the ERA, please notify us seventh anniversary of their marriage

at least 30 days in advance. Send your new address, including ZIP code, plus the

address label from your last issue (or a copy of it) with the former address and code numbers on it, to The Improvement Era, 79 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

92 Improvement Era --—v.. LEE Home

Electric Flour Millat a family gathering in their Hotel The appointments of James R. HandyCompact

Utah apartment. Barton of Provo and Paul L AutomaticElectric

Harmon of Salt Lake City to the

A new Church program emphaYouth Correlation Committee were sizing leadership training in the announced.

four special priesthood programs home teaching, missionary, welfare, Announcement was made of the and genealogy—began today at stake appointment of Elder Henry A.

conferences. There will be one general Smith, longtime editor of the "Church

meeting of stake conference on SunNews"section of the Deseret News, as day, with sacrament meetings convenChurch press secretary. He is a former Grind

ing in the wards at the usual time. Atlantic States Mission president. Your Own

During the first half of this year Whole Wheat regional meetings will be conducted, Missionaries and members of usually on Saturday, attended by repthe Church are safe in the flourStone ingrinda LEE yourElectricownHomewholeFlourwheatMill.

resentatives of the Sunday School, earthquakedamaged areas of Sicily, the Compact, handy, automatic and so easy

YMMIA, and YWMIA general boards. First Presidency was notified. tohealth.use. Don'tGet allshortchangethe nutritionalyourselfvalueon

nature put into every grain of wheat.

Use home ground, stone ground Whole

Wheat flour. Your rolls and bread taste

better too. Write today for flour mill

prices—4 models.

JUDGE FOR YOURSELF: See, taste how

much better stone ground whole wheat baked goods are. Send check or money

order for 5 lb. package Deaf Smith

Flour $1.50. Free recipes using

Whole Wheat Flour.

IE 3-68 LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY 2023 W. Wisconsin Av. Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

MORE ON YOUR SAVINGS At Century Federal Savings, located in Santa

Monica, Los Angeles county... the nation's

fastest growing area... your savings earn a

whopping (5.13 funds when remain 5% a year)

... actually is than more 25% paid by banks

on similarly insured savings accounts. And the

return of your principal is guaranteed up to

Pied Piper The wind is a Pied Piper, ment.S15,000Fundsby anplacedagencyby ofthe the10thFederalearn fromGovernthe

whistling spring into with1st. Youairmailcan addspeed!or Wewithdrawpay postagefrom yourbothaccountways.

Credit Union By Willene H. Nusbaum the streets; shearing andLegalTrustDepositoryfunds. for Corporation, white coats off frigid 'q—current annual rate

buildings; rumpling the I'/q.25%compoundedbonus ondaily!3 year certificates.

hair of everyone he meets;

splashing April through CENTURYFE DERAL every puddle; green making

the in footsteps grass; ANDSAVINGSLOANResources overASSOCIATION$60,000,000 tootling the out retinue

Open your account today by mailing of winter; passing merrily check or money order with coupon.

on his way; piping winter CENTURY FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN I|

into memory, making room for May. 1347 Fifth St., Santa Monica, Calif. 90406 I

Gentlemen: Please open I

Individual Account Joint Account. I

NAME- I ADDRESS CITY STATE, ZIP March 1968 93 Outside on the plaza after the lecture,

I prodiscussed the Beard and These Times William quite hadn't ceedings. he made He said

up his mind yet. I said I had. When

By Dr. G. Homer Durham next I see him, perhaps we can continue

President, Arizona State University the conversation.

Everybody, some time or other, comes up against the question. Many go

through life as though it were Jordan

Marsh's department store, the New

York subway, or the parking lot at the airport. Little thought is given to what

lies above, beneath, or on the sides of those facilities. Little attention is given

to who occupied the ground before they did, or what, or who may next 'occupy the same ground and for what reason.

The most thoughtful people I have known decide the question affirmatively.

I believe they are the happiest and among the most useful people in the long run. They appear to do constructive

things in an easy, intelligible—or nearintelligible—way.

There are others who seem to do things in the same manner. They also appear

touched by the fragile beauty and magic of life. But they seem to live in two

worlds. The first is the world of the

easy, the intelligible, and the readily acceptable—a world accepted on faith,

blind or otherwise. The second appears

to be the world of intellect, of inquiry which probes into the unknown, divorced from acceptance of the regular norms.

faith, and beneath extending

to leads this often the probes,Normative Structure in the Universe Withoutsupporting

These words are written for university In a long and tautological discourse, what can best be called intellectual students, and any others seeking to reconDr. Boodin went down the byways of pessimism. This is mostly when the

cile faith in God with expanding epistemology and finally came up with a searchers without faith are quiet, readknowledge. carefully guarded, academically defening, thinking, and worrying. When they

One night during my life as a gradsible answer. Yes, there is purpose in the contemplate their beautiful son or daughuate student, I walked up to Royce Hall universe. A decade or so earlier, Sir ter, they subjectively and perhaps subat UCLA to hear Professor John Boodin, James Jeans, the great British scientistconsciously marvel at the purposive eleprofessor of philosophy, deliver the anphilosopher, had said the universe could ments in nature that combine to produce

nual Adams Lecture. His title was be likened to a great thought—a great such a creature. They apply elegant

"Normative Structure in the Universe."thought worked out by the supremely kindliness to others they like, especially

I sat by a classmate, William Beard, intelligent thinker we know as God. to struggling youth striving to become

son of Charles A. and Mary Beard, the Whether or not there is purpose in life, like themselves. They delight in intelgreat American historians. William in the world, in the universe, in space, lectual achievements but sometimes don't

Beard was a graduate student with me as we have come to know it, is always stop to inquire who or why or how such under Charles Groves Haines and a reunder question. Professor Boodin was intellectual achievements are, or became

markable faculty of political science at tackling it for his generation of inquirers possible.

Westwood (UCLA). at UCLA. Are they the fruit of chance? Acci94 Improvement Era

.

dent? Blind force? If asked, some of eventually our little solar system with

these unanswered questions always rethis little piece of rock, gas, and liquid main, such as, what caused the accident that contains Santa Monica beach, the in the first place, if the universe lacks Grand Canyon, and the fjords of purpose and is itself a result of accident? Norway.

Or, if the universe is the result of blind If this piece of purposeful intelligence, force, how did the force get to be a ruled by love, could reproduce, in his force in the first place? And in the secown way and time, offspring; or if it

ond place, how did it get to be a blind simultaneously existed and were capable force instead of an intelligent, normative, of absorbing more stuff and experience purposive force? into little organizations or proteins and

And what is behind the "force"or acids, so as to go on making more hydro- "accident"? gen, etc., it might be all right with all

Isn't it marvelous, if the world reof us. But—the concept of positing a

sulted from accident, that water boils great intelligence in eternity, like W. W.

regularly over a gas spout in Boston or Phelps did in his poem "If You Could Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

Cape Town, and that all this accidental Hie to Kolob,"seems simpler, easier, and, designsMatchinginMormonwhite andalbums,latestnapkins,parchments.other

business has somehow produced a world I believe, more reasonable and easier to accessories. One day rush order service.

in which planes fly, boats swim, water accept. A concept of intelligence, exisboils, and two cells combine to produce ting in eternity, in one eternal round,

a walking, talking, living "doll."Beally really explains normative structure in

marvelous!—that accident and blind force the universe better than any other idea onSendfirst25corder.for catalog(50c &if samples,air mail desired.)refunded

could move along for 40 billion years. I can think of. (See George Gamow, REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Then by accident, with no sense any- "History of the Universe,"Science, NoName'- where, sense at some point appears! vember 10, 1967, pp. 76669.) Address -

Green plant leaves suddenly reach forth The concept of God, year in and year City, Zone. State

for the sun. Cub bears suck by instinct. out, through summer sun or fog, through

Every human mouth turns starch into successes and failures, appears to be most FOR OLDFASHIONED sugar. Really, really and truly marvelous! helpful to anyone who likes the idea of

HEALTHGIVINGHow did it all happen—by accident? purpose. Those who prefer any other

What if some lefthanded enzyme approach, discarding intelligent purpose, GOODNESS suddenly "came to"one morning (but it I feel, have the obligation to ponder the CORONA"couldn't have been morning, for the sun question as to why red mixed with yelGRAIN MILL for use with hadn't been made yet!—unless it suddenly low produces similar results at the same wheat, corn, nuts,

burst into flame from hydrogen that temperature; and why, when B-flat beforetc. fineEasilyor adjustscoarse

grinding. Regular

left struck appeared existed, fourth the also suddenly fore middle butnever $9.95 model by C C is #1

postpaid. New

I fly finger, "If find said: a rightnot of the the out does key accident) and mill 1 extraCTSP with modelby

fine grinding plates $10.95.

I hit in an piano the eye. can form enzyme, and them maybehanded postpaid. East of How

amino acid! Later I will become a promuch nicer that it doesn't! How much postageRockies addon either$1.00 mil

tein molecule, and later find other elenicer it is that purpose and engineering Finerold 1 grindingC mill $1.95platespostpaid.for

ments in this marvelous hydrogen that keep it in place. Then when it is struck, WRITE FOR PRICES

seems to exist eternally!"it merely sounds like B-flat before middle ON ELECTRIC MILLS

What if, finally, after nine thousand C; struck again and again, it produces "Special"on both quantitygrain millspricesandtobreadchurchmixer.groups

billion years, this amino acidprotein the same sound. It only becomes flat or

molecule developed cellular structures sharp with decline or increase in temthat eventually became a being that perature or other operations of law. Is

found out how to drip water and solids the purpose of law only to make B-flat out of the gas! Such a being would be always sound like B-flat? There must be,

worth worshipful respect, especially and is, much more.

should it, or he, evolve toward becoming. How is the normative structure of your

a being that could then go on to orgauniverse in these times? "The heavens BREAD MIXER

nize the first galaxy out of the gas and declare the glory of God, and the firmamakes a bread batch for 1 to 4 loaves on occasion, as it barreled through the ment sheweth his handiwork."(Ps. $13.95 postpaid to you.

hydrogen, produce the Milky Way and 19:1.) O Utah residents add 49c Sales Tax

Send orders to:

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah

March 1968 95 End of an Era

The apening exercises of thought she could get them walked calmly over to the our MIA were being held up to come in. A petite woman, foul line and sank a basket,

because so many of the boys she went out to where the as the awestruck boys wouldn't quit playing boys were playing and chalwatched. They meekly folbasketball outside, despite lenged them: "If I can make lowed her inside to opening

the pleading and scolding a basket from the foul line, exercises. They didn't know

of the leaders. Finally the will you fellows promise she had been a gym teacher

bishop's wife, who was an to come inside to MIA?"by prof ession. -Elaine J.

MIA teacher, said she They laughingly agreed. She Wilson, Garden Grove, Calif.

The Latterday Saint woman on Deficiency Diet:

the train was anxious to use the These noncaloric substitutes

Life "golden questions,"so as soon And flavors simulating fruits as she could, she asked the man Most often leave me in the mood Among the to her, seat next wonder what's become of much To "How the in food. the do you about know Mormon

Mormons Church?""Oh, a little,"came the—Donna Evleth, Los Gatos,

answer. "Would you like to California

know more?""Yes,"he replied.

Practice Song "I am a stake president, and I need A classic is something everybody

By Virginia M. Kammeyer all the help I can get!"—Dixee wants to have read and nobody

Miskin, Monteview, Idaho wants to read.—Mark Twain

If s almost time to lead the song;

fright. with paralyzed She's First Actor: "The last time I

the Morning"- Lovely Was "Oh, How played in this part, the people

She hopes she gets it right.

It starts out on the upbeat, Love of God and Love of Fellow could be heard applauding

It mustn't be too slow; Men is the slogan of our ten blocks away."Second actor:

She hopes that she remembers salvation, individually, '7s that so? What was going

How the rhythm ought to go. nationally—worldwide salvaon there?"

in bravely; starts and She smiles tion!—B. H. Roberts

a look, not give her They is one who talks to you But sing as though she were not A gossip there, about others; a bore is one who

With their eyes glued on the book. talks to you about himself;

"Have I told you about my and a brilliant conversationalist grandchildren?""No, and is one who talks to you about

appreciate it."yourself.—Lisa Kirk, singer

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

96 Improvement Era Why Do So Many LDS Students Attend Stevens Henager College?

S:"*>- r t

One of the Nation's Finest Junior Colleges of Business

Over 2,200 students were served by our two colleges last year. The colleges are among only 42 of the nation's 1,300 f *

private business schools accredited as Junior Colleges of

Business. You'll find Stevens Henager alumni moving Wholesome LDS Atmosphere

in as keyahead personnel leading corporations and in Students enjoy stimulating activity with Church wholesome collegegovernment. confers Associate The in Commerwhile companions preparing in for top careers business undercial fields of: Science in the degrees

the direction of active school administrators. Institute LDS

Accounting Marketing SalesmanManagement and of classes Religion are taught on reguduring both campuses ship Science Secretarial Computer Science with medical lar school hours. participate Students in Latterday Saints

legal options. and Student Association activities with (LDSSA) colleges other

The college offers 9 to 12 month diplomas in: and universities from nearby campuses. Students participate

Secretarial Course for College Women Private Secrein their own ward in the University Student Stake, Salt tarial General Office and Business Machines Computer Lake City, where nearly all positions within the ward, except

Programming. Bishopric, are filled by students. More than six of every

ten of our students are LDS.

Specialized departments of the college include:

Automation Institute Powereading Institute Nancy Board of Advisors

Taylor Finishing Studio International Cultural Exchange David Lawrence McKay Wendell J. Ashton

European Travel Division. Joseph F. Cowley Sidney M. Horman

Important Dates

begins Spring Quarter April 1, 1968 StevensA JuniorHenagerCollege of BusinessCollege

Summer Quarter begins June 24, 1968 Academic Excellence Since 1907

Fall Quarter begins September 30, 1968

To apply for admission:

Contact Office of Admissions Salt Lake City or Ogden, Utah 350Salt SouthLake City,SeventhUtahEast 2644 WashingtonOgden, UtahBlvd.

Accredited as a Junior College of Business by The Accrediting Commission for Business Schools. (801) 3647791 (801) 3947791

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

With Beneficial Life your whole

? sitting pretty

Father—you can provide a pile

of money with a stroke of the pen.

Money that will always be there for your family to fall back on..

money that can be used for education, missions, or to pay off the mortgage. This pile of money

is an "Instant Estate"created as soon as you take out a policy with

Beneficial Life Insurance. There

are many types of protection your Beneficial Life agent is the man to tailor your insurance needs to fit your requirements.

Start "sitting pretty"with BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres.\y ISalt Lake City, Utah