m OF

.<*! tV* J

.ft ry

bt&sr

-MSL '--'""

What are college students saying about the Institute of Religion?

Institute class each quarter helps keep me spiritually balanced."

i. f i?'"i l\

.,w a mission, the li on "Being married with a family and going served to college isn't exactly easy, but our tute has a special appeal to me beexperiences in Institute classes and "I like going to the Institute dances cause of the excellent upper division the student ward have really made after the games. We have some great classes and the chance to continue

these years more meaningfull."times there."to serve the Church."

"The Institute is such an important ft.. helped me to become a

interesting. The instructors make y part of my college life. Sure, I'm busy better Latterday Saint. Even though

activities, I'm i with studies feel school and away my from home

Institute find attend always for an I always but I time my meetingsfor the firstand time.have see howright theat homegospel andapplieshelp inyouyour

life today."class."really grown spiritually."

Almost 80,000 Latterday Saint young people will be enrolling at colleges and universities other than those sponsored by the Church this fall. The Institute of Religion and the Deseret Club are there to provide a wellrounded program of

religious instruction, social activities, personal counseling, worship and devotional experiences. Schedule yourself for

a complete college education—enroll in Institute this fall!

Department of Seminaries and Institutes of Religion, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Memo to our readers: The Voice of the Church

September 1967 On September 8, 1967, President David 0. McKay will be 94 years of age. This Volume 70, Number 9

is the longest any Church President has lived (President Wilford Woodruff died Special Features at 82, President Heber J. Grant at 88, 2 Editor's Page: Why Education? President David 0. McKay

President Lorenzo Snow at 87), and 5 The Voice of a Prophet, R. Don Oscarson

the Era is helping observe his birthday 7 And She Understood, Roscoe C. Cox

with the article "The Voice of a 8 One Wintry Afternoon, Luann Duffin Gillette

Prophet,"a trilogy of reminiscences about him, and a poem, "Thoughts on 10 Here Is a Man! Edith Jacobsen

September 8, 1967,"written by Presi11 Thoughts on September 8, 1967, for David O. McKay, S. Dilworth

Young dent S. Dilworth Young of the First

Council of the Seventy. All of this 12 "Put On the Whole Armour of God,"President Hugh B. Brown

material was sent in voluntarily to the 16 Church to Build Two New Temples

Era and reflects the love and admira22 Lest We Forget: Yellowface, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

tion members of the Church have for 24 The Era Asks About AudioVisual Aids for Religious Education the Lord's Anointed.

36 Project Family Night, Janis Hutchinson

Our cover story (page 24) looks into

I Wear to Conference? Mabel Jones Gabbott the great strides being made by the 38 What Should

Church School System in the develop72 New Church Curriculum Policy ment and use of audiovisual aids. 74 A Gift Entrusted to a Missionary, Genevieve Van Wagenen

Reproductions of actual filmstrips and 78 Man Wanted, Ray Merrill 16mm motion picture films produced for use in the Church School System Regular Features make up our cover. 57 Best of Movies, Howard Pearson

In our spotlight this 60 LDS Scene month is Mabel Jones 63 Teaching: Parable of the Compartmentalized Saint (Part 1), Ernest F.

Gabbott. (See her article Schulzke

"What Should I Wear to 64, 65, 68, 77 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans

Conference?"on page 70 Genealogy: Major Genealogical Record Sources in Germany

58.) Mabel is the wife

80 Melchizedek Priesthood: Are You Solving the Needs of Your Families?

of J. Donald Gabbott

of Bountiful and the 82 Presiding Bishopric's Page: "Come On, Don, Bring 'em In!"

mother of three sons and two daugh84 Today's Family: Take the "Ache"Out of Teacher, Florence B. Pinnock

ters. She is a wellknown poet, her 88 Home, Sweet Home

works having appeared over many 90 The Church Moves On years in The Improvement Era, Chil92 Buffs and Rebuffs dren's Friend, and The Relief Society 94 These Times: From the Crossroads of the West, G. Homer Durham

Magazine. Three of her most noted

96 End of an Era poems, "In Humility, Our Savior,""Lord, Accept Unto Thy Kingdom,"and Era of Youth "Rejoice, Ye Saints,"have been set to 4156 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

music and are included in the L.DS

hymnbook. Mabel's gifted pen, sensiFiction, Poetry

tive soul, and fervent testimony add a 30 Love Is Like a Yellow Starfish, Edna Karlinsey Whitney great deal of strength to the Era staff. 11,20, 77, 96 Poetry

8. Pinnock,F. Price.Editor;Today'sStaffAlbertArtist.FamilyL Zobell,Editor;Jr..MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof YouthJones Editor;Gabbott,ElaineJay M,Cannon,Todd, EleanorEraDavidof 0,YouthKnowles.McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor; T, Sykes,L.RalphEvans.EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates:ArtDoyleDirector;L. FlorenceGreen.NormanManaging

Durham, Homer SubscriptionJr., Managing Editor G,G.ManagerCarlos andSmith, FranklinGeneralDirector;S.Manager;Harris.ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans.S.Nibley,Jacobsen.S, GlennSidneySmith.AssociateB. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A, Gardiner,Verl ContributingF. Scott. BusinessEditors.Manager; A, Glen Snarr, Acting Business

Superintendent, of Mutual General Men's Improvement Young of Saints. Latterday the 1967, and by ofAll of Jesusrights ChristAssociation Associations of The Church Improvement Christreserved. Latterday Subscription price, Jesus $3.00

year, years. years. subscriptions, $5.75; $8.25;of each succeeding a 2 3 threeyear year the price; The Saints.Church$2.50 added to for single inexceptadvance; a year,publishedcopy, 35$

Official organ of the Priesthood Mutual Associations. Improvement Quorums, issues. multiplespecialMutual

Teaching Committee,Home Music Committee, Church System, School and at Office, Salt the Utah, mailing City. secondclass for Lake matter. special as at rate of Acceptance provided for postage in section 1 103

other Enteredof July 2. of authorized Post1917, agencies October 1918. of of Church Christ The Jesus Saints. Latterday

is for unsolicited Improvement not actThe responsible contributions. for manuscripts paid but are welcomes Manuscripts on acceptance and must be

for sufficientEra delivery by accompanied postage return. and

of notice days'address. required include please slip ordering a change, a recent of address from issue the magazine. AddressThe Era, Improvement State, South 79 Salt City, Lake Utah 84111 is cannot well changeold Thirtychanges forthe be unless address as Whenas the included. madeis new one

September 1967 jT'T

Why Education?

The Editor's Page By President David 0. McKay

Improvement Era

J One of the fundamental teachings of the Church is womanhood. Truly, a nation's greatest asset is its

that salvation depends upon knowledge, for "it is untarnished manhood and pure womanhood.

impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."What, then, is true education? It is an awakening of

(D&C 131:6.) "... if a person gains more knowledge love for truth, a giving of a just sense of duty, an

and intelligence in this life through his diligence and opening of the eyes of the soul to the great purpose obedience than another, he will have so much the of life. It is not so much giving words as thoughts;

advantage in the world to come."(D&C 130:19.) not mere maxims so much as living principles. It is

This is the season, my young associates, when many not teaching the individual to love the good for one's of you are preparing to enter institutions of higher own sake; it is teaching him to love the good for the

learning at the beginning of a school year. That is as sake of the good itself, to be virtuous in action because

it should be. he is so in heart, and to love and serve God supremely,

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints not from fear but from delight in his perfect character.

stands for education. The very purpose of its orgaCharacter is the aim of true education; and science,

nization is to promulgate truth among men. Members history, and literature are but means used to accomof the Church are admonished to acquire learning by plish this desired end. Character is not the result

study, and also by faith and by prayer, and to seek of chance, but of continuous right thinking and right after everything that is virtuous, lovely, of good report, acting.

or praiseworthy. In this seeking after truth, they are True education seeks to make men and women

not confined to narrow limits of dogma or creed, but not only good mathematicians, proficient linguists, are free to launch into the realm of the infinite. profound scientists, or brilliant literary lights, but

Gaining knowledge is one thing, and applying it is also honest men with virtue, temperance, and another. Wisdom is the right application of knowledge brotherly love. It seeks to make men and women who

to the development of a noble and Godlike character. prize truth, justice, wisdom, benevolence, and self-

A man may possess a profound knowledge of history control as the choicest acquisitions of a successful life.

and mathematics; he may be an authority in physi- I look upon all recipients of true education as indiology, biology, or astronomy. He may know all about viduals and groups radiating an influence that makes

whatever has been discovered pertaining to general less dense and ineffective the darkness of ignorance, and natural science, but if he does not, with this suspicion, hatred, bigotry, avarice, and greed, which knowledge, have that nobility of soul which prompts continue to envelop in darkness the lives of men.

him to deal justly with his fellowmen and to practice Education is an investment, not an expense. It

virtue and honesty, he is not a truly educated man. can become an investment not only for time but also

The aims of education are to develop a structure for eternity. "Whatever principle of intelligence we

of thought and to improve human relations. A uniattain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the

versity or college is not a dictionary, a dispensary, resurrection."(D&C 130:18.)

nor a department store. It is more than a storeThe lives of men become signposts to us, pointing

house of knowledge, more than a community of the way along roads that lead either to lives of usescholars. College or university life is essentially an fulness and happiness or to lives of selfishness and

exercise in thinking, preparing, and living. The obmisery. It is important, then, that we seek, both in

jective of education is to develop resources in the life and in books, the companionship of the best and student that will contribute to his wellbeing as long noblest men and women.

as life endures, even eternal life. Its objects are My young friends, students of the Church: Choose

also to develop power of selfmastery, that a student the paramount purpose of true education and let it be may never be a slave to indulgence or other weakyours as you seek your education in the school, the nesses, and to develop virile manhood and beautiful college, or the university of your choice! O

September 1967 David 0. McKay, ninth President and Prophet, Seer, and Revelator

of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, observes his 94th

birthday September 8, 1967. The Improvement Era is pleased to join

with Church members throughout the world in extending sincere birthday wishes to President McKay. In honor of his birthday we present

this article, "The Voice of a Prophet,"a trilogy of reminiscences of

President McKay, and a poetic tribute on the pages that follow.

"O that I were an angel,"said "Our living comes hourly and the prophet Alma, "and could have daily in the home, in our association the wish of mine heart, that I in business affairs, in our meeting might go forth and speak with the strangers. It is the attitude of thetrump of God, with a voice to The person during the daily contacts by

shake the earth, and cry repenwhich we show whether we are tance unto every people! appealing to the carnal or the

"Yea, I would declare unto every spiritual within us and within those soul, as with the voice of thunder, with whom we associate. It is arepentance and the plan of redempVoice daily matter."

tion, that they should repent and * come unto our God, that there "Spirituality, our true aim, is the might not be more sorrow upon consciousness of victory over self, all the face of the earth."(Alma and of communion with the Infi29:1-2.) of a nite. Spirituality impels one to

President David O. McKay, like conquer difficulties and acquire

Alma, has sensed the shortness of more and more strength. To feel

life, the reality of our confinement one's faculties unfolding, and truth in time and space, the frailty that expanding in the soul, is one oflimits a man, in any full lifetime, to Prophet life's sublimest experiences."(Exthat which he can leave to those cerpts from general conference

who will listen. What would any address April 4, 1958.)

one of us choose to leave if he had By R. Don Oscarson e

"the voice of thunder"or pages of Spirituality! Something higher

gold upon which to inscribe a the spiritual within us. than self—a striving for the dignity

message? "Man's earthly existence is but a of man—is one of President

President McKay seems to have test as to whether he will concenMcKay's greatest and most often found the answer. In his 61 years trate his efforts, his mind, his soul repeated messages to this genas a General Authority, to the milupon things which contribute to eration.

lions who have heard his voice and the comfort and gratification of Another is the sanctity of the felt his love, he has repeated this his physical nature or whether he home. Addressing the students at

simple, basic testimony: will make as his life's purpose the Brigham Young University on

"It is over fifty years since I acquisition of spiritual qualities."October 11, 1955, he talked about

stood here for the first time as one * a 4 # the specific factors that contribute of the General Authorities of the "If he would seek the real purto a successful marriage and happiChurch. I remember well then my pose of life, the individual must ness in the home, using a story

trembling and humility at facing live for something higher than self. from his youth:

such an audience and accepting a He hears the Savior's voice, saying: "I remember as a boy, in my

position as one of the leaders. The 1 am the way, the truth, and the teens, a summer afternoon walk

passing of a half a century has life.'(John 14:6.) Following that with sweet companions. We walked

made it no easier.... This mornvoice he soon learns that there up the 'middle lane'leading to

ing, as then and during the is no one great thing which he can South Fork Canyon. On each side

intervening years, I solicit your do to attain happiness or eternal of the road were wild roses. We

sympathy and your prayers."life. He learns that life is made did not stop to pluck any because

* * # # up not of great sacrifices or duties, they were covered with the dust of "It has been difficult for me to but of little things in which smiles travelers. We soon reached the

put even in outline the message and kindness and small obligations hillside. There, too, were roses,

that I have had in my heart for given habitually are what win and free from the dust of the traveler, the people of the Church and the preserve the heart and secure comeach one kissed only by the sunpeople of the world. There is a fort.'"shine and the morning dew. We

saying by Paul, that 'to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiri- R. Don Oscarson, author of Sand in Their Shoes and Six Sent South,

tually minded is life and peace/ dutiesawardwinningin the St.ChurchLouismusicals,(Missouri)is aWardbusybishopricman with andhis firsthis shoecounselormer-

(Rom. 8:6.) chandising vocation. To write this article, he listened to every recorded

work available of President McKay.

"Christ has asked us to develop

September 1967 plucked the unsullied rose and gave tion for the husband, even though ness, a system that upholds law, it to the girl companion who he sits behind the paper... and favors liberty; is essential to it, and

seemed so worthy of it. doesn't say a word. Life becomes would unite men in one great

"This principle seems to me to humdrum, but that humdrum is brotherhood.'

strike right at the base of happibroken if we just remember that 'if "Others behold him as the 'one ness in the marriage relations—you please,'that 'thank you,'that perfect character—the peerless perstandard of purity taught and prac- 'pardon me,'are just as appropriate sonality of history,'but deny his

ticed among the Latterday Saints.'"'and as much appreciated by a wife divinity. Millions accept him as

as our sweethearts appreciated the Great Teacher, whose teachIn the same address he stressed them."ings, however, are not applicable

the need of selfcontrol with a touch ft ft ft ft to modern social conditions. [Then,

of humor and a poem. He told of Another of his great themes was with the intensity of his per-

a young husband who had been voiced in an Easter program held sonal testimony, President McKay

..complaining to his new bride about in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Beadded:] A few—O how few!—.

her cooking. tween 'musical numbers, President accept him for what he really is—

After listening to him for as McKay delivered a brief Easter the Only Begotten of the Father, long as she could, President McKay message about the mission of the who came into the world, even declared, she said to her husband: Savior. Jesus, to be crucified for the world,

"1 know my cooking isn't good. Near the conclusion of his reand to bear the sins of the world,

I hate it as much as you do; but marks he made this statement: "We and to sanctify the world, and to

do you find me sitting around gripbelieve Jesus to be the [he paused, cleanse it from all unrighteousness."

ing about it?'This 'griping'after looked up from the text into the (Italics added.)

marriage is what makes it unpleaseyes of the vast audience]—no, we * * *

ant. Learn selfcontrol, control of know Jesus to be the Christ, the And finally, he speaks the secret

the tongue. Will Carlton said: Savior of the world."of happy, successful living, which

* * * he has found during a lifetime that ''Boys flying kites haul in their In the formal surrounding of a spans man's experience from the

Whitewinged birds. general conference in October candle and kerosene lamp to atomic

You can't do that when you are 1959, he said this another way: energy and the mysteries of space.

flying words. ''I charge thee therefore before In a speech at Brigham Young UniThoughts unexpressed God,'Paul wrote to Timothy, 'and versity he said:

May sometimes fall back dead. the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall "With all my heart... I speak

But God himself can't kill them judge the quick and the dead.... to you after many years'experience,

once they're said.'Preach the word...."(2 Tim. with the knowledge that [for] use-

4:1-2.) fulness, pleasure, joy, happiness in

* * * this life, follow Christ's admonition

Then, characteristically, President "What 'word'? That 'Jesus of seeking first his kingdom."

McKay emphasized the importance Christ, who hath abolished death, * * of another simple quality to de-... hath brought life and immor- "... if you would obtain the

velop in marriage—simple in applitality to light through the gospel.'highest success, and the most concation but divine in attribute: (2 Tim. 1:10.) tentment of mind out of life, prac-

"[Another]... contributing fac- * * * * ft tice in your daily contacts the ideals

tor I name is courtesy. During "... so through the ages men of the gospel of Jesus Christ. I do

courtship each is pleased to anticihave beheld Christ from different not hesitate to make that statepate the wishes of the other, and viewpoints. Some who reject him ment without modification; I know

takes joy in granting those wishes as venomously as did the rabble, the results will be what I indicate."

within the bounds of propriety. Too see in him and in his disciples * * # #

many couples look upon... the 'investors of a Christian moral sysAnd then a final story:

marriage altar as the end of courttem that has undermined and "... a game warden noticed a

ship. It should be the beginning of sapped the vigor of the European string attached to a tree leading

an eternal courtship, and that world.'Others with clearer ininto a dense forest. He concluded

means consideration in the home, sight, begotten by experience, beto follow this string to find out its the same consideration for the wife hold him as the originator of a significance. Through underbrush,

that was given to the sweetheart system that 'promotes industry, through overhanging branches, he in courtship; the same considerahonesty, truth, purity, and kindmade his way the best he could

Improvement Era

and finally came upon a hunter "We are all moving forward, peat, is the ideals of the gospel of with what remained of a ball of more or less, in the dense forest of Jesus Christ. Happiness, safety,

twine still in his hand. Upon inhumanity. Some lose their sense of character... result from holding

quiring as to what the twine was direction, others wisely have a to that anchor....

used for, the hunter replied, 'I have guide (I'll change the figure and "God help us so to be anchored heard of men who have lost their call it an anchor), and they can... soon to launch out into the

way in these wilds, and I am deterfind their way back even if they realm of humanity to render mined that if I should lose my sense trespass across the road or become service, faithful service for God's of direction that I shall have one confused in the maze of human kingdom, I pray in the name of means of finding my way back.'association. That anchorage, I reJesus Christ. Amen."O

A Trilogy of Reminiscences

And She Understood By Roscoe C. Cox

Sister Kaaoaolahilahi Kailikini—translated, her name Hawaiian vocabulary. "Iesu Kristo"always came out

means "the thin side the Indian"—was perhaps as fine "Ieku Kaliko."

a specimen of true Hawaiian womanhood as I ever It was on Tuesday, February S, 1921, that we remet in my nearly six and a half years among those ceived word that a handsome young apostle, David wonderful people. O. McKay, and his traveling companion, Hugh J.

Tall, stately, heavy—weighing perhaps 250 poundsCannon, were in the islands and, accompanied by our

she was kind, considerate, gentle, and generous, and mission president, E. Wesley Smith, would visit

had an undying faith in the gospel of Jesus Christ. Hawaii. All missionaries on that island were inWhen I met her, she was probably about 60 years old structed to gather at Hilo on February 11.

and was serving as president of the Relief Society in First there was that fiveor sixhour missionary the Kokoiki Branch, Kehala District, on the island of meeting, which no one wanted to see come to an end.

Hawaii.

She was one of the then quite numerous Hawaiians Roscoe C. Cox, retired owner and publisher of the

who had made no effort whatever to learn any lanEphraimpresident,(Utah)was a Enterprisemissionaryandin Hawaiiformer whenHawaiiPresidentMission guage other than her own. She was entirely incapable toMcKaythis visitedimpressivethe islandsexperience.in 1921 and an eyewitness

of making an "r"or an "s"sound, letters not in the

September 1967 Then came a luau and some of the best Hawaiian replied, "O na huaolelo aole au i maopopo. Aka, of

music to be had in the islands. ka Uhane, oia ka'u i maopopo ai."("The words I did

A wellattended public meeting was held in the not understand. But the spirit—that I understood.")

Hilo Branch chapel in the evening. From the stand Then she told me briefly what Elder McKay had

I saw Sister Kailikini in the audience and took special said, how on three occasions during the day clouds notice of her. Her face lighted up as President Smith had briefly hidden the sunshine. He had said this

made introductory remarks in Hawaiian, but she reminded him of three shadows that had come to seemed puzzled as President Cannon spoke. Then her the Hawaiians: (1) sOme of the evils brought by

whole countenance beamed as Elder McKay spoke. the white man, (2) the Hawaiians had lost the land,

As soon as possible after the meeting I hurried to and (3) they may have lost their land partly because her and asked her how she had liked the meeting. of natural generosity, but also partly because of lazi-

"Oh, it was wonderful!"she exclaimed. ness. She said he urged young people present to

"Are you sure you are not fibbing a bit?"I asked. acquire land, hold on to it, and reestablish the Hawai-

"It was all in English, and you could not underian people as an independent, selfsupporting race.

stand it."Sister Kailikini probably did not understand a

She put her hands on my shoulders and, looking me single word the visiting apostle said, but she cerin the eye, with tears running down her cheeks, tainly got his message! O

A Trilogy of Reminiscences

One Wi ntry Afternoon By Luann Duffin Gillette

# Young Gerridina waved farewell to her husband, The Church had brought them from The NetherAbraham, and held their sixweek-old daughter, all lands—"the land beneath the sea"—to the new Zion in

bundled up and peering out of her blankets, toward the tops of the Rocky Mountains just two short years the window as the train coughed and slowly chugged ago. Here they had continued their courtship and

away. She forced a cheery smile; but as the last car married in the temple. Now this same Church was

clanked by and disappeared in the distance, she sending Abraham back to Holland to preach the new suddenly felt very cold and very alone. Her husband and everlasting gospel to his countrymen.

had just embarked on the long journey back to their They hadn't even considered saying "no"when the native land for a twoyear mission. call came. They both knew he would go. The

8 Improvement Era question was rather one of support for Abraham as then, with both boys attached to the handle, the carwell as for his young wife and child. Gerridina, tall riage proceeded up the street propelled by a boyand strong, with the sturdy peasant heritage coursing powered engine.

in her blood, supplied the answer. She would remain Gerridina watched the tall man disappear down the

in Ogden, rent a small room from some friends, and street. As she looked after him, she sought for a

take in washing and ironing. Her and Tina's needs familiar comparison and thought of the sturdy Dutch

would be slight; she could support them and her huswindmill. She thought she knew who he was, but

band too. Abraham, who spoke beautiful, fluent asked one of the lads to confirm. "Oh, that's PresiEnglish without an accent, did wish that Gerridina dent McKay, president of Weber Academy."

had learned more English. But the Lord had called, The next few years were eventful for both. Gerriand they had faith that all would go well. dina's husband returned, and David McKay became

In 1904 washing was an arduous task. One had to an apostle.

transport water from the pump, heat it, and wash the He went on to serve the Church. She went on to

clothes in a tub on a washboard. The service inbecome mother to nine fine children and to consent

cluded pickup and delivery. to her husband's fulfilling yet another mission to

One wintry afternoon while making a delivery, Holland, this time leaving seven little ones at

Gerridina pushed the baby carriage up a snowy street. home.

The carriage was heaped with freshly ironed and Many winters and experiences have passed since folded clothes, and nestled back in one corner was that snowy day in 1904. The tall, straight young man

tiny, slumbering Tina. is still tall and straight at 94, though his step has lost

As Gerridina struggled up the slick incline with her its briskness. The frost has spread through the wavy

unwieldy load, two boys, who had found the warmed black hair until, for many years now, his snowy halo snow perfect for forming snowballs, decided the Dutch has been one of his distinguishing features. He is

laundry woman and her carriage would make a great still called President McKay; however, instead of

target. They began in earnest to pelt her with their holding the keys to Weber Academy, he holds the

snowy missiles; and she, unable to leave her carriage keys to the kingdom of God here upon the earth.

on the snowy hill, was hurrying to get past their Two and a half million people revere him as the arsenal and was simultaneously trying to shield Tina Prophet, Seer, and Revelator of God's word.

from the flying snow. The onceyoung mother and wife has felt the

At this hazardous moment, a tall, handsome man stresses of long living. Her strong, straight back is

with wavy black hair strode briskly down the street bent, one eye is sightless, and her memory grows on his way home from Weber Academy. The boys, cloudy. But among her 85 years of dimming memoso engrossed with being unkind, suddenly felt a firm ries, there is one that glows bright above the others.

hand on their shoulders. She loves to tell it again and again to grandchildren

As they turned and looked up into the stern yet and greatgrandchildren, who never tire of hearing kindly face above, their slumbering consciences it. "Tell us again, Grandma, how President McKay

awakened. They were sorry, but it was such a perstopped the snowballs."

fect day for snowballs. The man understood. He, And in her charming, lovable combination of the

too, had been a rambunctious youngster full of Dutch and English tongue, she begins, "Veil, Yimmy, energy. But he told them to use their energy to do vhen Tina, your moeder, was just a kleine meisje,

kind deeds, promising them this would bring them the Lord called Abraham back to the Nederland...."

much greater joy. Luann Duffin Gillette, mother of three young girls,

Suddenly the two boys were at Gerridina's side, formerheard thisschoolteacher,true account andmany sparetimetimes from writer,her grandhas arguing over who would push the carriage for her; mother Dalebout.

September 1967 9 A Trilogy of Reminiscences

Here IsA Man By Edith Jacobsen

For many years I have wondered why the General He may not have the physical stamina of younger

Authorities of our Church were not younger men. men, but few possess the character that radiates from

Surely such positions are very difficult and fatiguing his face. Here is a man who has experienced imto persons of advanced years. petuousness of youth, trials of maturity; who has

Today [about 1961] I heard President David O. overcome the temptations that come to all men. He

McKay speak at the closing session of general conaccepts the fact that no man is perfect; he lives his

ference. He had been in attendance for several days, faith to the fullest. His great love for his fellowman

and as I sat watching younger men, I saw weariness emanates from him to such a degree that none who in many faces. listen with an open mind can fail to grasp this

Our beloved Prophet got to his feet with a little knowledge.

difficulty, revealing many hours of strenuous leaderThis man is not too tall to stoop to take the hand

ship. At first he seemed a little weary, but as he of a sinner; too selfrighteous to have understanding

spoke the years seemed to drop from his shoulders as and tolerance; too strong to make allowances for

a cloak. His face lit up with inner light, and his eyes human frailties; too weary to give of himself to others.

shone with the firm conviction of his faith. Here is a man so full of the love of God that it

Not until then did I realize that my question had spills over onto his fellowmen. Here stands a great

been answered. This man spoke with wisdom that leader, a man surely chosen by God to lead his people

comes only with years of living. He does not conin these days, when the world seems to be tottering

demn fellowmen not as righteous as he. His deep on the brink of disaster. May God grant him many

knowledge of human frailties surpasses understanding. more years to continue his great work. O

He is a kind man, and that quality is often absent in A Pocatello, Idaho, housewife and sparetime writer,

Sister Jacobsen wrote this sketch after viewing on TV other great leaders. He is a wise man, a man who President McKay's closing conference address in

October 1961.

seeks answers to his problems through prayer.

10 Improvement Era *'', 'J

it-;.

'im< lllli mm

k$r,.vv-'."*!-

y

Thoughts on September 8, 1967 for David 0. McKay

By S. Dilworth Young Let us look upon a man But yielding not one inch

',/ Laid bare from his official acts, To evil men.

Sir: From his interpreting the "These things stand true,"

Let us leave off, for a brief moment, Lord's will. He seems to say;

The prophetic calling, the What do we see? "Honor!"

Awesome responsibility The will to keep the word "Integrity!"

Of presidency, Of God; "Virtue!"

The terrifying knowledge that Determination to obey "Respect for womankind!"

One false step or act may set back The higher law, All this, and more, firm knit into his

The Lord's work for generations. Yet give each Character,

For thus the leader weighs his The right to go Into himself.

Decisions, His way without imposing Thus he willed to be,

His responsibilities. Righteousness by force, And thus he is.

Put On the Whole Armour of God"* By President Hugh B. Brown

Of the First Presidency

There are those who think (and sometimes say) thinking."She obviously noted my disconcerted attithat we who are so frequently called upon to speak tude, and she added, "What I mean is, the shorter

do so without much effort and without any thought. your talks are, the better I like them."

They, of course, are frequently justified in the sec- I have thoroughly appreciated what has gone on ond part of that statement; but I remember on one today. It is evidence of a lot of preparation on the

occasion sitting in the Tabernacle here. A young part of many people. The singing of this wonderful

man at the time, I was serving as president of the chorus has been an inspiration to all of us. I want

Lethbridge Stake. At five minutes to four in the to add my voice to that of Superintendent G. Carlos

Sunday closing session of general conference, I was Smith in congratulating all who have had to do with awakened by someone speaking my name. this wonderful chorus from Las Vegas.

It was President Heber J. Grant, and he announced There is one other verse that I would like to read of

that I would be the concluding speaker. Somehow that last hymn, "For the Strength of the Hills We

I made my way to the stand and spoke very briefly. Bless Thee."It is the fifth verse, which we do not

A good old sister came up afterwards and said, often sing. "We are watchers of a beacon Whose

"Brother Brown, you're one man who can talk without light must never die; We are guardians of an altar

"From an address given at the 1967 MIA June Conference.

12 Improvement Era 'Midst the silence of the sky. Here the rocks yield that older generations did not have, or that they had

founts of courage, Struck forth as by the rod; For the to face to a lesser degree:

strength of the hills we bless thee, Our God, our 1. The increased amount of knowledge in the world.

fathers'God."(Hymns 241.) And as knowledge is power, when set on fire, there

June is the month of the MIA conference; it belongs is coming into the hands of this generation more power

to youth. It is the month of graduations and new than any generation ever possessed. Your assignment

beginnings; of engagements and marriages; of commitas officers of the MIA and of the Church is to give

ments, resolutions, and decisions. inspiration and direction to that power. Knowledge

The fact that everyone's life is spent in the pursuit alone, without wisdom to use it properly, may be of selffulfillment seems to justify our appeals to dangerous.

youth, because not everyone reaches his objective, 2. The advanced stage of education given to every

though all are seeking success. pupil. Educated men will rule the world and will be

Robert Louis Stevenson defines success as follows: responsible for either its improvement or destruction,

"That man is a success who has lived well, laughed depending upon how they use their education and often and loved much; who has gained the respect their power.

of intelligent men and the love of children; who has 3. The pressure of everimproving techniques. In

filled his niche and accomplished his task; who leaves the very nature of things, where such bewildering

the world better than he found it, whether by an progress is being made, obsolescence is ever on the improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; heels of progress, and the old must make room for

who never lacked appreciation of earth's beauty or the new.

failed to express it; who looked for the best in others Emerson presented an arresting challenge when

and gave the best he had; whose life was an inspirahe wrote:

tion, whose memory a benediction."("Vailima

Prayer.") "If thou canst bear the strong meat of simple truth,

And Browning adds this thought: If thou durst my word compare

"Life has meaning, and to find its meaning is my With what thou thinkest in thy soul's youth, meat and drink."Then take this fact unto thy soulMay I parenthetically say to you leaders of young God dwells in thee,

Latterday Saints that though we bear witness that Clouded and shrouded there dost sit we have the truth, we must not be deceived into The Infinite, embosomed in a man;

thinking that we have all the truth and that therefore And thou art stranger to thy guest continued effort is not necessary. What we have is And know'st not what thou dost infest.

truth, but essentially partial and incomplete. Then bear thyself, O Man,

"From the cowardice that shrinks from new truth, Up to the scale and compass of thy Guest.

from the laziness that is content with half truth, from Soul of thy soul, the arrogance that thinks he has all the truth, O God Be great as does beseem of Truth, deliver us."The ambassador who bears

What we learn today is essentially what we will The Royal Presence where he goes."

require to meet the demands of tomorrow. The present leaders in business, industry, professions, univerSatisfaction does not arise merely from being good

sities, and research will be retired. The top jobs are at something, but the successful man is constantly

awaiting young people, and whether or not they will striving to become a certain kind of person—one who

be fit to fill those jobs depends upon the preparation is not content to dedicate his life to small purposes, you are now helping them to make. Eternal vigilance but who has quality in his ambition. He knows that

and action are mandatory, for these are the days when he is not a mere passenger on the train of life. He

we have to keep running just to stay where our fathers is the engineer. He spends little time striving to amass

finished. Subjects that to them were incidental have the stuff with which to feed his vanity but is deternow become imperative. mined to become somebody who is esteemed. He is

The present generation has three factors to face determined to be, not merely to appear. This striving

September 1967 13 for success is a mark of quality. He realizes there eggs can ever make a good omelet.

is something beyond success: it is excellence. In But all of these put together will not suffice as we

the eyes of the world he may be deemed successful, approach the end of the road unless we have endurbut he himself will know that excellence is not conance. The Lord has said that only they who continue

ferred by the office he holds. This is typified in to the end shall be saved. A man may be physically

what the goddess said of Ulysses, that in him "deed fit, mentally alert, intellectually brilliant, but unless and word notably marched together to their deliberate his character is underslung and overarched by integend."rity and stamina, he will fail. A man may run a good

We mass produce almost everything in this country, race for the first part of the course, but unless he has but we cannot mass produce character, because that the stamina to make the final sprint, others will cross is a matter of personal identity. It belongs to those the goal line ahead of him.

who have found the part they are to play, who are David Sarnoff of RCA, perhaps the bestinformed doing the work for which they are best endowed, who man in his field, made a statement concerning the next are satisfied that they are filling a vital need, who 20 years. He preceded what he had to say with this

are meeting their obligations and standing up to their arresting statement: "The world needs the upsurge of

tasks. spiritual vitality to resist the current cynicism and

Character is a positive thing. It is not protected materialism. The gradual elimination of physical

innocence, but practiced virtue; it is not fear of vice, hunger will deepen the more elemental hunger for

but love of excellence. faith and salvation, for ageold values beyond the

material and the temporal. They will gnaw at the

"It's easy enough to be virtuous spirit and heart of man."

When nothing tempts you to stray, And then he goes on to say, "By the year 1978 we

When without and within no voice of sin will have learned to extract atomic fuel from relaIs luring your soul away, tively inexpensive materials, thus making this power

But it's only a negative virtue both plentiful and economical. The energy of the

Until it is tried by fire sun's rays will be effectively harnessed in a worldAnd the soul that is worth the blessings of earth wide use. Television, in full color, will be completely

Is the soul that resists desire."global so that men will be able not only to speak and

(Ella Wheeler Wilcox) hear around the globe and around the planets, but also to see the entire world in natural colors. IndiCharacter takes no account of what you are thought viduals will be able to hold private twoway conto be, but what you are. versations and see each other as they talk, regardless

We must be prepared to meet the changes that will of the distance separating them. Moreover, the beinevitably come, and with open and discriminating ginnings will have been made in automatic and inminds continue our search for truth. We must destantaneous translation of languages, enabling people

throne our prejudices, cancel our conceit, and with to understand one another across the barriers of humility continue the quest that will involve new Babel."

appraisals of value. Surely we shall need stout hearts to meet the

Change, which alone is permanent, calls for refuture—a future pregnant with unborn events and big

viewing of past decisions and the bases upon which with possibilities. But if we are constantly preparing

they were founded. There are now on the drawing ourselves for that future, then the apparent evils of

board, or farther advanced, many aids to comfortable tomorrow will lose much of their size as we approach living, i.e. automated highways that guide cars, microthem.

wave ovens, synthetic foods, flights to Europe in 90 As we grow older and begin to look back, which is a minutes, individual rocket flights, hydrofoil ships, airprerogative of age, we see that the pattern of our conditioned trains, pocket telephones, global television, lives, which sometimes seemed so baffling, has taken new prospects for health and extended life through shape and meaning. We need faith to try, hope to

preventive and curative drugs in the hands of specialinspire, and courage to endure.

ists. But will these aids to ease and comfort result The president of Bendix Aviation recently declared

in soft muscles, puny bodies, shallow minds, and loose that "electronics, in its broadest concept, is an almost and undisciplined characters? Remember that a halo miraculous extension of man's senses and abilities.

needs to slip only a few inches in order for it to beWith the aid of electronics he can see otherwise income a noose, and no possible arrangement of bad visible things; he can hear what would otherwise be

14 Improvement Era i MAN MAY KNOW FOR HIMSELF compiled by Clare Middlemiss This newest volume of President McKay's teachings is expected to be ready for enjoyable reading and study this fall. It is filled

with insight, encouragement, hope, and positive guides'to more fruitful living, as gleaned from President McKay's writings and sermons by his devoted secretary.

2 HIGHLIGHTS IN THE LIFE OF PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

by Jeanette McKay Morrell $4.95

A charming account of the boyhood, youth, and years of gospel service of President McKay. Written affectionately by a sister, this

book is a warm and illuminating portrait of a great man that all members of your family will cherish.

3 CHERISHED EXPERIENCES compiled by Clare Middlemiss $3.00

Inspiring and informative writings by President David 0. McKay.

Share these "Cherished Experiences"and find a new and deeper appreciation of the blessings of the gospel.

4 TREASURES OF LIFE by David O. McKay

Here is the guide to a life of substance and worth, a life that you can fill with spiritual riches by following the teachings of the

Savior. An uplifting and memorable book that deserves to be in

every Latterday Saint home.

5 HOME MEMORIES OF PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

by Llewelyn McKay $2.95

This description of President McKay as a father will be a guide to all Latterday Saints. Here is a moving description of a successful family where love, discipline, and devotion to the gospel were

blended to provide a wonderful environment for a growing family.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR, 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669 (N, 1 mailed when available)

ordertax. California residents sales Salt City residents ordering add from Lake ZWfc Utah tleoeret Send me the following books whose number I have circled. 1 2. 3. 4. 5. P AN COM Y Book tax. sales Enclosed Total is a $ ing Orange add 5% from AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE MALL COTTONWOOD AND

established account charge Or, order check/money ofmypurchase fj CITY SALT LAKE

BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Name..

777 CALIFORNIA ST., ORANGE, SO. MAIN

Address:

City.: State Zip

I WOULD LIKE TO OPEN A CHARGE ACCOUNT (check here) September Era 67

September 1967 15 silent; he can calculate in an hour what would take a And Churchill said to his indomitable Britons who

lifetime. Electronics is a practical method of sensing faced the greatest national challenge: "I have nothing

anything you want to sense, whether it is movement, to offer but blood, tears, toil, and sweat."

light, temperature, or humidity—practically anything "All executive work, all research, is based on dibut love. rected diligence, on lively movement, on getting one

"Electronics has already found a way to ease a idea on the rails and springing another."

man's work, brighten man's youth, speed his educaThe canny youth (and I like the Scotch word tion, lighten his daily tasks, entertain his family, "canny") becomes aware of a wide range of available defend his home, and prolong his life. occupations. He should study them and investigate

"The future of electronics appears even more carefully the listed occupations that seem to offer baffling than its past. This is a science based on the him the best possibilities for realizing his ambition,

electron—the smallest particle to be found in nature. taking into account his capacities, abilities, and interRoughly, thirty thousand trillion trillion electrons ests. He will soak himself in facts before making

[that is 28 ciphers, if you would like to write it out] this important decision about his life work.

would weigh less than one ounce. All of life is a time of learning and relearning, and,

"It is estimated it would take more electrons to may I add, unlearning. As the farmer said, "It ain't

weigh one ounce than it would take snowflakes to my ignorance that done me up. It's what I know'd

create a blizzard covering twentyfive hundred square that wasn't so."

miles. To light even one 100watt bulb requires six People who stop trying to learn are handicapping

million trillion electrons every second."themselves in two ways: they are unfit to earn

The general manager of the Royal Bank of Canada what they believe to be a satisfactory wage, and said recently: "People who tell you that you need all they cannot rise to the cultural and achievement

the education you can get are not just trying to cajole level that would be made possible by increased knowlyou into continuing at school; they are stating an unedge and understanding. All of us must be constantly

deniable fact. We are living in a time when you at work on our own intellectual enlargement. Educaneed to know about things that were not even in the tion is not manna that falls from heaven upon the

dictionary when your father was young, and we are deserving and the indolent; it is reserved for those

entering upon an age when what we learn this year who work at it.

and next will be all too little to keep our heads above Men who become great in any sort of occupation water. By all means reach out your hands for all have a passion for work. It may be the pursuit of

the learning you can grasp, and give your minds to knowledge, or the totalling up of figures, or the mastering it."measurement of close tolerance. A healthy person

The capability of each of us is changed by applicalooks upon inaction as the greatest of woes. The

tion and work and indubitable performance. As one brilliance of the executive behind his desk, of the

of the earliest Greek poets said: "Before the gates of research man at his retort and measuring instrument,

excellence the high gods have placed sweat."of the teacher in front of his pupils—each, if he would

Church to Build TWoNew Temples

Plans for new temples to be built in Provo and Ogden, Church members residing in the new temple districts will

Utah, were announced on August 14, following meetings contribute a substantial share of construction costs. If

of General Authorities and the stake presidencies in each plans can be completed this fall, then it is believed that area. the temples can be completed by the end of 1969.

The proposals for the new temples were enthusiastically President Tanner said that the Logan, Salt Lake, and received in each area, and committees of stake presidents Manti temples account for more than 52 percent of the were named. (Sites were announced August 25.) ordinance work performed in the 13 temples around the

The meetings were held under the direction of the world.

First Presidency, with President Hugh B. Brown and Presi- "With a large percentage of Church members concendent N. Eldon Tanner attending both meetings, and trated in Utah,"he said, "it seems only logical that we

President Joseph Fielding Smith in attendance at the need more temples in this area."

Ogden meeting. Also present were Mark B. Garff and Ogden temple district would be taken from the Logan

Fred A. Baker of the Church Building Committee and and Salt Lake temple districts, with Provo temple district

Joseph W. Anderson, secretary to the First Presidency. coming from the Manti and Salt Lake temple districts.

The new temples, the fifth and sixth in Utah, are to be Populationwise, the realigned temple districts would be:

similar in construction to the London, Swiss, and New Logan, 80,638; Ogden, 117,780; Salt Lake, 370,969;

Zealand temples, and will cost about $2,500,000 each. Provo, 115,891; and Manti, 60,771.

16 Improvement Era 1. AN OPEN DOOR by Richard L. Evans

Twenty stimulating chapters that help to lead the reader through the doorways that make up our dayto-day life. jo qq

2. THE LONG ROAD, VERMONT TO CARTHAGE

by S. Dillworth Young

The eloquent prose of Brother Young captures all of the excitement and meaning in the ofttold story of the Prophet Joseph Smith. $2.50

3. THE CHURCH EXECUTIVE

by Kent Lloyd, Kendall 0. Price, V. Dallas Merrill

and Ellsworth Johnson An exceptionally helpful training aid to more effective church leadership.

Includes interesting studies that compare church leaders to people in other walks of life. 1 (jfj

4. THE FAITH OF A SCIENTIST

by Dr. Henry Eyring

Dramatically shows how true religion and true science can and do function in complete harmony. Fascinating reading. $3.00

5. HIS SERVANTS SPEAK by R. Wayne Shute

Excerpts from BYU devotional services. Quotes all of the General Authorities

on a wide range of moral and spiritual subjects. $2.50

6. THE CONSTITUTION BY A THREAD

by Richard Vetterli Speaks out convincingly to support the spiritual and moral principles upon which our American Republic was founded. $4.75

Tprlijted:

7. THE LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL

by Orson F. Whitney

Reprinted by popular demand. The life story of one of the greatest stalwarts

in the Church. A book packed with action and historical interests. $3.95

8. ANSWERS TO BOOK OF MORMON QUESTIONS

by Sidney B.Sperry

(Formerly "Problems of the Book of Mormon")

One of the most complete references on the Book of Mormon. Revised and

enlarged with stimulating new material. $3.50

9. HIS MANY MANSIONS by Rulon S. Howells

A fact -filled doctrinal comparison of the many churches in Christendom. A

useful reference you'll return to again and again. 2.95

Special: NEW BRIDE'S BOOKS Elegantly bound in lovely white vinyl with gold foil embossed title. Finest

quality text paper inside with delicate full color illustrations. Expandable

binding win guest register for 600 and gift register for 500. Available in two

styles: 10. OUR TEMPLE MARRIAGE $9.95

11. OUR WEDDING $9.95

12. NEW FAMILY TREE CHART

This attractive and colorful 22 by 28 inch chart provides ample space for photographs and special gummed identification labels which are included with the chart. $1.00

Order by mail or from BOOKCRAFT 11S6 South Main Street / Salt Lake City, Utah your nearby LDS book dealer Please send the following books for which I have enclosed check or money

10 1112 order1234in the amount of $ 56789

Name

Address

City, State, Zip (Residents of Utah add 3'*% sales tax.)

September 1967 17 when an executive talks about fun in the game of business, these men are not talking about surface pleasures, but deepdown satisfaction in their work.

You can't beat fun, no matter how hard you try.

George Eliot represents Stradivari as saying of his violins, "When any master holds twixt chin and hand a violin of mine, he will be glad that Stradivari lived, made violins, and made them of the best. The masters

only know whose work is good; they will choose mine.

And while God gives them skill, I give them instruments to play upon—God using me to help Him. He

could not make Antonio Stradivari's violins without

Antonio."(From "Stradivarius")

No one else is likely to show profound interest in a young person who shows no interest in himself.

We must inspire this selfinterest, this ambition. Each

person must build a personal identity that is made up of quality in personality, unwavering integrity, and undeviating interest in the project to which he is committed.

The thing for youth to do today is to "get going."

Young people in their teens and twenties may not at once influence the years to come; but they can determine that within their present environment and circumstances, they will start and follow through with

keep his place at the head of the column, must apply their determination to be ready to shape that future himself steadfastly and constantly to meet the changes as they grow into it. If a thing is necessary to be

that the times will demand. done, do it now. If a tough task impends, do not

Anyone who really wants anything will work to get shirk it. If a difficult decision must be made, get

it. He deludes himself who thinks of success without the facts and be courageous enough to decide. The

earnestly doing something to deserve it. The heights "pending"tray is a treacherous place in which to lay

are not populated by lazy people. Business has no duties and tasks and decisions.

place for its No. 1 enemy, the slovenly worker. We Your progress may be interrupted by some uncould with profit refer back to Longfellow's poem: heralded and unforeseen event not of your own

contriving. There is no need to wait with folded arms

"The heights by great men reached and kept for the event to pass. Simply ask, is there an opporWere not attained by sudden flight, tunity given me by it? Even in your darkest days,

But they, while their companions slept, fate may be brushing you with her wings.

Were toiling upward through the night."

("Ladder of St. Augustine.") "Somebody said that it couldn't be done,

But he with a chuckle replied We should all have the wish—and work to make it That 'maybe it couldn't,'but he would be one

a reality—that our pilgrimage through life will leave Who wouldn't say so till he'd tried.

some traces of our having passed this way. Like the So he buckled right in with a trace of a grin

lamplighter, a man's course in life can be determined On his face. If he worried he hid it.

by the light he leaves behind him, even after he has He started to sing as he tackled the thing turned the corner. Every act is a guidepost that tells That couldn't be done, and he did it.

the world which way we are going.

On this journey of life, youth cannot afford to be "Somebody scoffed, 'O you'll never do that;

diverted by casual pleasure; that course yields only At least no one ever has done it';

"fool's gold."The days are never humdrum or unbearBut he took off his coat, and he took off his hat,

ably tiring to a man who is pursuing a purpose. When And the first thing we knew he'd begun it.

a writer says he is having fun writing, when a reWith a lift of his chin and a bit of a grin, search man says he is having fun in solving problems, Without any doubting or quiddit,

18 Improvement Era He started to sing as he tackled the thing have in order to function fully and freely as men.

That couldn't be done, and he did it. The essence of democracy is the dignity of man.

Most of life is lived by batting averages, not by "There are thousands to tell you it cannot be done, perfect scores. The research scientist does not exThere are thousands to prophecy failure: pect that every hypothesis he sets up will prove out.

There are thousands to point out to you one by one, The financier does not expect that every investment

The dangers that wait to assail you; will return a maximum dividend. People live by makBut just buckle in with a bit of a grin, ing plans and by putting forth efforts that are, so far

Just take off your coat and go to it; as they can see, in line with the results they want.

Just start to sing as you tackle the thing Then they revise their plans and improve their perThat cannot be done, and you'll do it."formance as experience dictates. We need fear only

(Edgar A. Guest, "It Couldn't Be Done.") one failure in life: failure to be true to the best quality

we know. "Our cherished democracy is a spirit, not a law. It Goodness without effective knowledge and techprovides the environment for bringing out the exniques is pitifully inadequate. But knowledge and

traordinary possibilities in ordinary people. Personal techniques without character are futile. The Savior

effort is of the greatest significance in keeping desaid: "... man's life consisteth not in the abundance

mocracy on the rails and moving forward."(Jenkin of the things which he possesseth."(Luke 12:15.) And

Lloyd Jones, quoted in U.S. Neivs and World Report, J. M. Barrie reminds us that "the life of every man is

May 28, 1962.) a diary in which he means to write one story, and

When nations cease believing in themselves, when writes another; and his humblest hour is when he

they regard their institutions with cynicism and their compares the volume as it is with what he had vowed traditions with flippancy, they will not long remain to make it."

great nations. When they seek learning without effort, The poet leaves us this thought:

and wages without work, they are beginning to stagger. When they become hedonistic and pleasure- "Wealth is not the things we own,

oriented, when their Boy Scouts on their 14mile The stately house upon the hill, hikes start to hitch rides, there's trouble ahead. When Paintings, rugs, and tapestries,

payola becomes a way of life, expense account cheatOr servants taught to do one's will.

ing common, and union goonery a fiercely defended In luxury a man may dwell "right,"a nation is in danger. And when police deAs lonely as in a prison cell.

partments attempt to control burglary by the novel method of making it a department monopoly, then "Wealth is not a plenteous purse, the chasm yawns. The bonds that one has stored away,

Our democracy presupposes the right of every Boastful balance in the bank, minority, even of only one person, to differ with the Nor jewelled baubles that fools display.

opinions of the majority. The virtue that is rooted Things that really gratify

in conformity to external menace is immoral cowardAre the things that money cannot buy.

ice. I quote from George W. Brown in Canadian

Democracy in Action: "Whatever democracy is, it is "Wealth is health, a cheerful heart,

not government by brute force but by persuasion. It An ear that hears the robin's song,

is a sense of fair play, of justice and sportmanship in A mind content, some treasured friend the highest sense of that term."(Toronto: J. M. DenAnd fragrant memories lingering long.

ton, Sons.) Living is an inward art.

Democracy provides certain freedoms of speech, of All lasting wealth is in the heart."

discussion, of assembly, of the press, of vocation, of ownership, of residence, of movement, of worship, Paul Speicher, writing in Southland Life, tells us of political belief, of association, and freedom from what happens to men who refuse to be stopped. This

unjust arrests. It provides for the individual to exer- I want to throw out to all present and those whose

cise the right of choice. There are various charters lives you touch. This is what happens to men who

to "rights,"but they make clear that these charters refuse to be stopped once they decide on where they do not set forth what men would like to have or what are going:

men can manage to get or what the state thinks it "Cripple him, and you have Sir Walter Scott.

can safely allow them, but rather what men must Put him in prison, and you have a John Bunyan.

September 1967 19 Bury him in the snow at Valley Forge, and you have a But it is wisdom to believe the heart.

George Washington. Columbus found a world and had no chart,

Have him born in abject poverty, and you have a Save one that fate deciphered in the skies;

Lincoln. Bid, then, the tender light of faith to shine....

Load him with bitter racial prejudice, and you have a By which alone the mortal heart is led

Disraeli. Unto the thinking of the thought divine."

Afflict him with asthma, until as a boy he lies chok- (George Santayana, "O World.")

ing in his father's arms, and you have a Theodore

Roosevelt. And finally: "Put on the whole armour of God, that

Stab him with rheumatic pains until for years he ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.

cannot sleep without an opiate, and you have a "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but

Steinmetz. against principalities, against powers, against the

Put him in a grease pit in a locomotive roundhouse, rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual and you have a Walter P. Chrysler. wickedness in high places.

Make him second fiddle in an obscure orchestra in "Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God,

South America, and you have a Toscanini."that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and

having done all, to stand."(Eph. 6:1113.)

History rests on the shoulders of those who have My young friends, I leave you with my own peraccepted the challenge of difficulties and have driven sonal witness that God is a reality, that he rules in through to success "in spite of everything."If you the heavens, that he is the Creator of the earth, that

give him an impediment in speech, lock him in jail, he is our Father, that we are his children. That being

defeat him in politics, and put him out of office almost true, we can become more like him, for just as the in disgrace, you have a Winston Churchill. oak is involved in the acorn, and as the acorn may

Persecute him from town to town and state to state, evolve into an oak, so God is involved in us, because and finally murder him, and you have a Joseph Smith. he is our Father; observing his commandments, we

I like the words of Santayana: may evolve into something like him.

God help us to appreciate that eternal truth and to "O world, thou choosest not the better part! live in such a way as to merit his blessings and make

It is not wisdom to be only wise, progress toward eternal life, I pray in the name of

And on the inward vision close the eyes; Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Genealogy

By Sherry Orrock

Smith names, Fry names, Babies teething.

Dead and gone and dry names! People—living, breathing.

Old names, bold names, Now I know what joys are found

Hard to spell and cold names! In searching volumes leather bound

And finding that a wholesome life

This is what I used to think: Was lived by Greatgreat-grandpa's wife.

Those silly people eat and drink,

Who study family histories, These are sigh names,

Places, dates, and mysteries, Makeme-laugh or cry names.

Loves and heartaches; Names aren't dry names

Wheel on Grandma's cart breaks, When I find they're my names.

20 Improvement Era Conoco dealers get solid support in And it's typical of the downthe- trafficbuilding assist from the hotthe highprofit TBA area. It begins line backing our dealers enjoy. Valutest advertising idea in the business.

with products engineered to have a able technical and management The Hottest Brand Going is now in builtin competitive edge—making counsel is theirs for the asking orbit, flashing through the skies on

the selling job easier. along with employee training, pro TV, billboards, newspaper, radio,

Example: Conoco's heavy duty motional and merchandising help direct mail, pointof-purchase. This

and extraheavy duty batteries carry TBA programs, financing, premi dramatic spaceage concept is pro- a full 3-year guarantee. Firstyear urns, and good willbuilding Tour moted by one of the biggest ad

replacement is free. The charge for aide travel service. Not to mention budgets in Conoco history.

replacement during the next two of course, a full product line famous A forwardlooking businessman years is on a pro rata basis, covering for its quality. would get his service station in orbit

only the months battery was in servConoco dealers get something right along with the Hot One. Sound

ice. It's a persuasive sales point. else—an excitementgenerating, like anyone you know?

Ride the Hot One CONOCO...

1967 Continental Oil Company

September 1967 21 r \f\ fir) e are a free people; in taking his people south, where

\1 /our liberty is not for they finally camped on the Church f\ sale,"said Yellowface, wise ranch near Cardston. When some

\fy L,'chief of the Crees of northwhite men rode out to the camp, ern Alberta. When he was offered the Indians planned at first to move

treaty money by the government, on. But they discovered the white

he added: "Any time you get somemen were unusually friendly. The

thing for nothing, you surrender strangers bought moccasins and your freedom or part of your gloves, and as they left, they inliberty."vited the Indians to visit the people

Because of his refusal to sign a on the Church ranch.

Indian sent to his treaty, forced back were people were women Two

S.? foothills. ranch Bishop 1908 the home. year into the The James

was difficult. Hunting was scarce, Parker of Mountain View Ward

and Yellowface led his braves on was absent, and Elder Olaf A.

longer and longer hunts, leaving Olson was in charge. It was Mrs.

his young son in charge of the Olson who met the women and camp. who later recalled: "I was very

During the chiefs absence, the pleased to see them. I prepared

boy became ill. As his condition lunch for them. Before they left, I

worsened he said he knew he was fixed some parcels of food for them, going to die, but that he desired not without knowing why. Perhaps it

to be buried until his father rewas because my heart went out to turned, or until every spot on his them. They seemed so tired and

body was cold. lost and poor."

The boy lay in his tent for three A few days later Chief Yellowdays, his body cold except for a face obtained permission from Olaf warm spot over his heart. When Olson to hunt and to fish. The

Yellowface returned, he offered a chief now felt that he had found prayer, and gradually the boy rethe people of his son's dream. He

turned to consciousness. He told sent a young brave, Johnny Bushy,

his father that he had been to the to the ranch home to tell the reaHappy Hunting Ground and met a son for their trek. When Johnny

messenger with a book in his hand. gave the description of the man

"This book is a record of your they should see, Mrs. Olson recogforefathers,"the messenger said. nized him as the absent Bishop

"Tell your father to take some of Parker. On leaving, Johnny pledged

his people and travel south until her to secrecy.

they find the people who have this Bishop Parker's visits to the book. They will allow you to ranch were always short and hurcamp, fish, and hunt on their land. ried. He knew of the Indians'

They will not seek to destroy the presence on the ranch, but had virtue of your wives and daughters. never taken time to see them. One

They will invite you into their November day a blizzard kept him homes and make you welcome and at the ranch. Work was at a standtreat you as sisters and brothers; still, and after lunch he went with

they will give you food and Olaf Olson to see what the Indians clothing."desired.

Then, after describing a man to When Brother Olson introwhom they must go and to no duced the bishop to Yellowface other, the messenger charged the as "the big boss,"great joy covered

Indian boy to tell his father. Soon the chief's face. He recognized

after delivering the message, the the man whom he was seeking. The!

lad died and was buried. two men were invited in, and the

Chief Yellowface lost little time Indian men of the camp were!

quickly summoned. Bishop Parker

and Brother Olson sat on a ceremonial robe. "I came here to hear

you and to see what you want"the bishop said.

"No,"said Yellowface. "You have

a message for us. Tell us about our

forefathers."

The bishop, schooled more as a frontiersman than a scripturalist, began. With the help of the Lord,

he spoke for five hours, telling the story of the Book of Mormon. Then

Yellowface addressed his men for an hour in his own language, which was not understood by Bishop Parker. Then, speaking through

an interpreter, Yellowface held his right hand up and said he knew that what was spoken was true.

"The Great Spirit has told me here,"he said, placing his hand upon his breast. He then related legends

substantiating what he had heard that afternoon.

Copies of the Book of Mormon were given to the Crees. Yellowface and his band camped for the

winter months on the Church ranch and then went north to their home for the summer. The following

winter they returned to the Church ranch, where they were welcomed in the homes and in the meetings of the Saints.

When missionary work was opened among the Crees 40 years later, some of the older Indian men stood a little taller as they related to the missionaries how they, as young braves, had been with Chief Yellowface during those two winters in southern Alberta. O

Great progress is being made today in the study and practice of audiovisual forms of communication as they relate to education. A leader within the field

is M. Lee Miller, audiovisual director of the seminaries and institutes, Church

School System. A former bishop and high councilor, Brother Miller also has had

wide experience in the production of educational graphics, films, and records.

The Era Asks Lee Miller, subject of interview, checks quality of filmstrip print.

About AudioVisual Aids for Religious

Denise Cox cuts and cans 250 filmstrips from 1,000foot roll of film. Education

Q—Most Latterday Saints probdifficulties in comprehending the includes a tenfilmstrip series on

ably are not aware of the numerous events and roles of such historical the life of Paul and a series on the filmstrips produced by the Church personalities as Zeniff, Noah, life of the Savior. Each filmstrip

Department of Education. Would Abinadi, and Alma. Also, we will be accompanied by recorded

enable our teachers to spend more Q—Does the department alsoyouA—Webrieflyhavereviewproducedthose 233materials?sound wanted to prepare something to narration and dramatic portrayal.

filmstrips for our various courses time with the application of the produce movies for classroom use?

of seminary and institute study. Of concepts and less time with verbal, A—Yes. We have made 20 movies,

that number, 201 are specifically historical orientation. We deusually about 20 to 30 minutes

for the Indian seminary program, cided to produce 18 color filmin length. Some of the titles are

which relies heavily upon audiostrips, 40 to 70 frames each, with Measure of a Man, a story about visual materials. The remaining sound on records averaging about personal character growth; Bitter

filmstrips are used in the regular 15 minutes in length. The titles Wind, which deals with alcoholism;

secondary (seminary) and colinclude "How We Got the Book and Summer of Decision, which is legiate (institute) religious eduof Mormon"( essentially the Joseph a story about temple marriage, cation programs. Our most recently Smith story), "The Brother of and which, by the way, originally

completed project is the Book of Jared,""The Prophet Abinadi,"appeared in the Era. These movies,

if any—filmstrips are related into various courses ofMormonQ—What series.do you mean by "Book andQ—What—"Samuel the Lamanite."as well as the filmstrips, are corfelt a A—We are presently completing mum time for effective learning.A—Severalof Mormon series"?years ago we you presently working on? study to be used at the most optineed to help our students get a an 18filmstrip series for our Q—Are the same filmstrips and

better historical orientation of the Church history course of study, movies used in both the seminary events in the Book of Mormon. which ranges from the time of and the institute programs?

For example, orienting students—Joseph Smith to the present. Some A—Many of them are, but if so,

or adults—to the history of the of these titles are "The Restored they are used differently in each

Mosiah colony in the Book of MorChurch,"an overview of the age group. The teacher directs

mon is not easy. The colony went course; "How We Got the Doctrine the students in the search for new

back and forth from Zarahemla to and Covenants"; "The Martyrdom"; facts and concepts, in each case

Nephi several times under differand "The Utah War."We are also commensurate with the course of

ent guises. But by putting these working on a series of 24 Old study. We have found no real

historical episodes into a filmstrip, Testament filmstrips and 24 New overlap.

we overcome nearly all of the Testament filmstrips; the latter Q—Do these filmstrips and movies

24 Improvement Era Seminary and institute audiovisual committee members Stephen Crabtree cranks paper Two BYU students spread rubber discuss production of new filmstrips for course work. into offset duplicating press. cement on flannelboard back.

have sound tracks for nonEnglish topics of student interest. strips accompanying it.

earlier of a special Q—Are Indian youth taughtspeaking students? Q—You spoke

recently been encouremphasis on audiovisual materiregular seminary curriculum whenA—We have the

aged to develop materials that can als for the Indian seminary they reach high school?

of ourbe adapted easily to other lanprogram. What have you pro- A—Some are, but many

curricuschools and nonreservation boardso many A—The Indian seminaryguages,Q—Why particularlydo you produceSpanish. duced for the Indian youth? Indian youth attend government

reasons. Cost of special courses of study for Indian only one hour a week for religiousA—Formore filmstripsseveral than movies? lum personnel have had to prepare ing schools where they are released

a 15minute movie is more than students because of communicainstruction. In some areas we hold

ten times that of a 15minute filmtion barriers and because Indian daily classes, and in such cases strip, and duplicate movie prints seminary classes begin with kinderwe use the regular seminary lescost about 75 times the cost of a garten or first grade and continue sons. Otherwise, we have had to

filmstrip duplicate. Also, a filmon through high school. As a redevelop additional courses of

strip is more accessible to the sult of these two factors, emphasis study even for the Indian youth in teacher. has been given to preparing such high school.

A movie has to be ordered things as filmstrips, recorded hymn Q—What other audiovisual mawell in advance, whereas a filmmusic for the youths to sing to, terials do you produce that would

strip can be available in the picture stories, and object lessons, be of general interest?

seminary or institute building. in order to better communicate the A—We have had excellent success

Maintenance of filmstrips is also gospel to these wonderful people. in all areas of our seminary and

easier and less costly. In addition The names of the filmstrips are institute program with a series of

to these reasons, research has recolorful and descriptive of the 72 seveninch records featuring expeatedly shown the ability of overall course concept. The kincerpts from addresses by the

filmstrips to help students retain dergarten series is titled "Gary General Authorities. We have

information and to sense relationGrower,"based on one's growing excerpted about 350 different ships between people and events. in the gospel. "Davy Doer"is a stories, experiences, testimonies,

Movies are unequalled in teaching series emphasizing doing good and statements from leaders of the situations requiring students to inthings and following the gospel. Church that can be used very

volve themselves emotionally and Some of the other series are effectively in the classroom to reto identify with the characters in "Bennie Builder,""Freddie Findinforce or help explain a concept or order to refortify or restructure er,"and "Johnny Brave."Each of principle. As with everything else

attitudes. these courses has about 25 filmwe produce, the excerpts are keyed

September 1967 25

Ralph Huddlestone applies finishing touches to a figure for filmstrip.

Wooden sticks to be mounted on maps Girls collate /esson manual pages Gary Kapp sprays plastic on completed are examined by Mary Sue Wilkinson. and prepare manuals for shipment. art work for a new fitmstrip frame.

into the lessons for the most help teachers communicate better effective teaching use. We are and help students learn better.

presently in the process of adding Since producing these materials, another 53 records, making a total we have received a great deal of of 125 discs in the set. These excommendation from students and

cerpts have been taken from teachers. Our attendance figures

addresses dating back to 1938. and rate of growth in the semiWe have also produced numerous naries and institutes are soaring.

wall charts, diagrams, pictures, Our students are learning faster, maps, posters, and brochures for retaining knowledge longer, and student recruitment, and we are enjoying the experience more than now moving energetically into the ever before. I believe the Lord has

production of transparencies for inspired men to develop equipment overhead projectors. and techniques to better communi-

"Artist stuart Heimdahi works at desk Q—Why are you emphasizing cate the gospel.

completing new posters, brochures. overhead Drojectors? Q—Production of these materials

is probinvolves highly skilled talents in A—The overhead projector

ably the most unsung audiovisual writing, art, and music. How does

instrument in education. The the department do it?

teacher is able to maintain eye A—Amazingly enough, we have

contact with students, keep the teachers with talents in many room light, pursue normal classfields and upon whom we often room discussion, and accomplish draw. As the work has expanded

other things for which he would—basically within the past four

normally use a blackboard. Transyears—we have added trained perparencies are also very useful in sonnel to our central office staff,

presenting material not yet found which now includes four fulltime in books, which is often the case in artists who work on filmstrips,

parencies. The department also ourQ—Howinstitutehavecoursestudentswork. reacted pictures, maps, charts, and transto these new audiovisual aids? has writers working on courses of

justified> to developr study and scripts. Creation of the Kirt*l O/son,'. fscriptwriter,'T""""",rechecksk i J A—We feel

the story continuity on new script, audiovisual aids only when they dramatic and narrative sound is

26 Improvement Era flip (a special steel keeps her shipshape)

FLIP (short for Floating Instrument Platform) is and it must resist excessive sagging in heavy seas.

one of the most unusual research laboratories ever Its designers needed a special steel to make the hull built. It is used to study the behavior of sound in the capable of handling the stresses, and they found it

sea's depths. Underway, FLIP is long and slender, in USS TriTen High Strength Steel.

jg-*\

When FLIP is flooded at one end, the other end rises ft. seas, FLIP bobs a scant 3 inches. Upright, 300 of

to form a nearly rocksolid floating platform. In 35FLIP'S 355 ft. are underwater.

*OURTRAC

i-s:*j

FLIP studies will help develop superior sonar systhe extra strength needed to make FLIP'S hull detems for our nation's defense. USSinnovated Trisign possible could be obtained without using thicker

Ten Steel is 40% stronger than regular steel. Thus, steel plates, saving many tons of useless deadweight.

USS and TRITEN are registered trademarks.

(G$S) United States Steel: where the big idea is innovation

September 1967 27 done by several commercial firms. housed underneath the new BYU cerning personality or geographiOther firms also press our records football stadium. We use BYU cal features and historical points

and make the filmstrips. Brigham students, who work parttime asabout which information may be

Young University's motion picture sembling the thousands of lesson lacking. How do you cope with

studio usually produces our movies kits for the Indian program and this problem?

from our scripts. preparing the filmstrips and records A—This

try to face with inspira-Q—Where are your production for distribution. that we is a key problem but onefacilities located? Q—In the production of filmstrips, tion and courage. No one knowsA—For the most part, we are decisions have to be made conthe specific manner of dress or

architecture of the Book of Mormon times, or even what the persons looked or sounded like; but

if we are to make filmstrips, we must commit ourselves to some image. has been to Our decision Happiness is in try to visualize each individual

a way that would best portray him as he is represented in the story. Electric Heat

For example, Nephi would be an ideallooking person. We are given

freedom to create within the gospel context. It's a wonderful

atmosphere in which to work. For

our New Testament, and Old Testament filmstrips we have access to much archaeological evidence, some of which has bearing on Book of Mormon times, but we are still left to make decisions about dress, architecture, and the

Saves Housework

Sunshine Pure. Because nothing is cleaner than a kilowatt, there

is less housework with electric heat. Walls, draperies, upholstered

furniture all stay cleaner so much longer.

Look into Electric Heat Now. If you plan to build or remodel,

check into electric heat.

Special Low Rate. Owners of total electric homes receive special

low rates for electricity.

Because it's electric, it's better. Lee Miller and artist Richard Brown

analyze art work projected on wall. UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO.

28 Improvement Era personsQ—Manyinvolved.Latterday Saints will theaction.resultsTheseof particularcase studiescourseshaveof theArticlesPresidentsof Faithof theandChurch.a seriesTheon

want to know if these audiovisual tremendous influence on structurpossibilities are endless. We only

materials are available to the ing proper character attitudes. hope that we will be up to the

Church at large for auxiliary, ward, Also, we hope to develop some challenge and sufficiently inspired

A—Theremissionary,hasor beenhomesomeuse. use of our moviesproblemsandandfilmstripsneeds dealingof collegewith ineducatingour workourto Father'sassist effectivelychildren inin

Indian materials by Indian misyouth. Perhaps in a few years we gospel truths and habits of eternal

sions, because the seminary work might produce a series on the progression.

in those missions is conducted by missionaries. Beyond that, we are

not set up for dissemination of materials outside our own seminary Earn More on Insured Savings

Q—Whatand instituteareprogram.your audiovisual at the historic Savings Corner in Salt Lake City.

A—Weplans forarethe exploringfuture? the use of

for studiesrecorded case openend our classwork. to INSURED That hope is, we

produce a number of threeto-four minute dramatic episodes that end SAVINGS just at the moment of decision for the person involved. For example, a youth who needs some money CERTIFICATES

may be presented with an easy yet dishonest opportunity to acEarnings paid 6 months from issuance date. Minimum amount:

quire it. At the point of decision $2,500; thereafter in multiples of $100.

the episode would end so that the students could debate the alternacurrent rate on tives and discuss their reasons and INSURED PASSBOOK SAVINGS

Compounded semiannually. Add to and withdraw to passbook account as you wish.

Insured to $15,000 Save by Mail

All savings, certificate or passbook, We provide envelopes and postage at First Federal are insured to both ways. Outof-state transac-

$15,000 by a permanent agency of tions carried airmail.

the U. S. Government.

Save at a federally chartered association with enduring strength.

M SAVE BY MAIL

To: FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS Main at 1st

South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Enclosed is my check Q or money order Q in the amount of $ Please open a Passbook Savings Account [J

Issue Savings Certificate |1 FIRST Single account: Name of.

Joint account: Names of (Include given names) FEDERAL

SAVINGS Please mail passbook or savings certificate to:

Name

and Loan Association Address.

Have Where Thousands Saved Millions City State Zip.Department personnel react to a preSouth Main at First

sentation during evaluation session. Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Inquiries Welcomed.

M. L. Dye, President

September 1967 29 n old '51 Ford school students had stopped to look hand clutched a bucket, and some coupe sputtered at him, they might have noticed water splashed out and made little up to the curb of that he was very thin. His long, bead shapes on the grease marksValley HighASchool. An old man thin legs were lost in the voluptuof his pants. The other door had

popped out and got into the back. ous, greasy folds of his coveralls all popped open by this time, and a

Dust puffed from the wrinkles of the way down to the heels of his pale, thin girl in a starched dress his coveralls as he bent over. The boots, where the wide cuffs of stepped out. A wisp of brown

bib of his pants seemed to have the pants dragged the pavement. hair brushed her eyes, but she

been meticulously starched with But no one had noticed him yet. immediately flicked it away.

dirt, causing it to board out in front He backed out of the car carefully "Charlie?"the old man mumof him. If any of the rushing high and slowly stood up. His right bled. "Listen—you just go on

"Hey, Kurt! What are you

doing"here?'

"I need some help with my scout troop.'

ahead of me."A few boys stood around the her own cleverness. "Hey, look!

"What, Papa?"entrance, playing "chicken"with He's carrying a bucket of water

"I said you just go on up to the the bell, to see which one could and sloshing it all over the hall."

labORatory like you was goin'to stay the longest and still not be Cringing, Charlene turned and class. Don't pay no mind to me. tardy. She hurried past the boys watched her father, threading him-

I'll track behind you about 20 feet and under the archway, which had self in and out between the cliques like I was stalking a beaver to his engraved on it "Know the truth and that blocked the flow of traffic. A

dam. Nobody'11 ever guess that the truth shall make you free."girl with long blonde hair bumped

I'm your old pa. I'll find my way Out of the corner of her eye, his elbow, and water splashed onto

up to the labORatory that way."she saw her father limping because her leg.

She nodded silently and left him. the bucket had hampered his usual "Watch it, Gramps,"she mutlong, even stride. Maybe she tered. He looked very confused and

should wait and hold the door for apologized, but the girl had turned him. No, someone might notice. away before he finished. Charlene's

She rushed quickly through the neck burned till she thought it archway. One of the boys would would singe her collar. She hurhelp him, she was sure. They were ried on. Students flowed everytalking about their science fair where now, up the stairs, through

projects. the hallways, into classrooms,

"I'm building a maze. My little gyms, and locker rooms.

brother has this hamster, and I'm It isn't my fault, she thought.

going to put it in my maze and Why does he always have to dress put food at one end and see if it so grubby? What does he want me

can.... to do, introduce him to the student

They were too busy. They didn't body president and all my teachers?

notice the old man in the coveralls "Mr. Pederman, I would like you

hobbling past. She looked down at to meet my father, Mr. Karwalski.

her neat black flats and hurried on. He's a grease mechanic for the bus

He looked like an old, driedup, company and was barely graduated brittle starfish to her. from high school. He speaks like

"Hey, Charlene!"an illiterate backwoodsman, and he

She flew up the stairway, clutchacts like one too. Every weekend

ing her biology books. he takes a local Boy Scout troop up

"Hey, Charlie! What are you doto Mt. Carlton or out on the sound.

ing, joining the track team?"a voice You may shake hands with him,

called out behind her. but I wouldn't advise it. He still

"Oh! Hi, Peggy,"she answered. has grease on them."

"What are you running from? Is Oh, phooeyl It was his idea! He

Whitney someone chasing you?"told me to go ahead of him. He

"Huh? Oh, no. No one's followmust have been ashamed, too. Why

ing me. I'm just hurrying up to is everybody looking at me like I'm

the lab."a criminal? She crept cautiously

"What are you going up there down the hall, deftly picking her for now, when you have English way among the crowd, and entered in about five minutes?"the hall that led to the biology lab.

"I'm entering a project in the Peggy grabbed her arm. Five or

science fair. I have to go up and six girls were walking with her

show it to Mr. Pederman—I mean, father and peering into the bucket

I have to talk to him about it."as if it held the wonder of the

"Hey, look what's coming bewhole universe.

hind us. It looks like a hobo got "Charlie! You didn't tell me.

lost and couldn't find the railroad He's carrying the most beautiful tracks. Ha, ha!"She laughed at starfish. It's yellow with little

spines sticking out all over. It's The old man nodded. to bed early so she'd be ready for

really lovely, except one of its "Do you know him, Mr. Pederher history test.

legs is all mashed up. He said he man?"Charlene demanded. In the backyard she could hear

was carrying'it for you. Is he your "Of course. He's the assistant her father talking to some Boy

d...?"Scout commissioner over in LinScouts. How am I supposed to

"No! No, he's my... uncle!"she coln Lakes District. He helped me study with all that noise? she

shouted. get my troop back on its feet last wondered.

"I thought you didn't have any year.""Randolph, where would you go

relatives here."Peggy jabbed one of the other to find firewood if it had been

"Oh! Well, he's not my real girls and said loudly, glaring at raining all night and you hadn't

uncle. He's a friend of my dad's—Charlene, "What a liar! She sure stored any dry wood in your tent?"

a close friend,"she explained, has been stringing us along... her "I think the book said to...."

softly now. own father!"Papers, a dictionary, a type-

"What did you say? What are Charlene poured the contents writer, and pictures of echinoderms

you whispering for? You act as if of the bucket into the aquarium. were settled all over the table. She

you're running away from him."The starfish was gold with a brown realized that her father would come

Charlene's neck went red again. underside. in soon and want her to move them

She began stuttering, "Oh, Peggy! "I tried to be careful, honey, so's so he would have room to eat. He

What do you care? He just offered I wouldn't hurt it anymore than it had been home since 6:30 and

to help me to get that to the lab. I was,"her father said as he laid hadn't eaten. Those boys had been

have to hurry. The bell's going to his rough hand on her shoulder. waiting for him to come home so

ring.""Were you the one who caught they could pass their merit badges.

"You have time, and besides, Mr, the starfish on the beach?"the "Well, howdy, Randy and Jeff,"

Pederman'll write a note for you teacher asked. he had yelled, and then they had

to get into English.""Yes, sir,"Charlene answered. all gone to his tepee. He had owned

Charlene lunged into the room. "You should have had your that tepee ever since she was in

About 30 students raised their father help you. He's the best the fifth grade. What a bunch of

heads and stared at her. She made wildlife man around here. There's bother for nothing!

her way to the back of the room a trick to getting the tube feet of a "On March 3 a member of the where the aquarium stood against starfish to retract. You have to echinoderm family, an asterias vulthe wall. Peggy and the others do it gently with some warm water. garis, was found on Steilicoom

fell aside at the doorway to let the If you're in too much of a hurry, Beach. One of its trivium was

old man go in. His head hung you'll hurt the starfish, like you did damaged in the conveyance of it

down while he limped awkwardly this one. The point is to get the to the laboratory, so that threefrom the weight of the bucket, as ambulacral system to retract."fourths of the arm was totally lost.

if his leg were maimed in the same Charlene watched her father Daily drawings were made of its way as the leg of the starfish. He talking to her teacher, then progress in the tank. The damage

got halfway past the students started walking slowly to her Engdid not include its pyloric stomach, when Mr. Pederman looked up at lish class. She would be counted so that theoretically it was possible

him. tardy for the first time that semesfor the animal to regenerate an-

"Hey, Kurt! What are you doing ter. She had come close to it other arm with time if placed under

here?"a voice called out across almost a hundred times, it seemed. favorable conditions."She was

the room. "Are you Charlene's Now it really didn't matter at all reading what she had written on

father?"if she were late. She just couldn't the paper. But she could still

"I'm not sure anymore,"the man seem to care.... hear the voices outside.

mumbled. "I thought I was."Charlene sat at the kitchen table. "... under a large, thick fir tree

The teacher strode over and It was 7:30, and supper was out of that would shed rain water. That's

shook his hand. "I need some help the way. Her mother had prepared where you could pick up dry

with my Scout troop. Two of my it and then left for a community twigs."

boys made Eagle, and I don't know art class. Her brothers were out- "O.K., Jeff, let's see you build

what kind of program to put on side playing. She had till the next a fire with this match and no

for them. Maybe you could come morning to write up her science fair newspaper."

over and help us out."project report. She wanted to get "Hey, Mr. Kurt, did you time

32 Improvement Era At last! children's encyclopedia A written for children.

The INewl Book of Knowledge.

Completely alphabetical Every wordevery illustrationALL NEW!

Yet maintaining the traditionally high standards of its worldfamous name,

The New Book of Knowledge is the answer for your family to the demands of today's revolution in education.

Your children will use it FREE! Wall Poster

The New Book of Knowledge is truly the most In addition to a colorful descriptive folder about The New carefully edited reference set for young children Book of Knowledge, we will send you a magnificent giantnow on the market. The New Book of Knowlsized 34 x 44 inch Wall Poster printed in brilliant full color

edge has been organized and written to meet the showing the state flag, flower, bird and tree of every one of highest standards of controlled readability and the 5 states.

comprehension of the boys and girls it will serve. Usually $1.00, this poster is sent to you absolutely FREE.

The New Book of Knowledge gives children an encyclopedia they will use because it is readable, Act now! Send for your FREE poster today.

understandable and enjoyable.

The link between home and school

With The New Book of Knowledge children from for the habit the of finding develop answers ( )F KNOWLEDGE THE NEW MX )K for themselves. discovering knowledge new And

themselves at home. The exciting style of writing

makes knowledge more interesting and learning becomes fun.

Classroom tested F3i The articles in The New Book of Knowledge"were tested in actual classroom use across the country. Result: Children understand the articles. They are related to today's school curriculum. When your child looks for information, he

gets the same kind of answers he gets in school, The INewl Book of Knowledge in language he understands. Putnam Valley, New York 10579

A storehouse of knowledge sendPleasemesendthe medescriptivemy free copyfolderofaboutthe statethe NewsymbolsBookwallof Knowledge.poster. Also please

The New Book of Knowledge contains 9,442 There are.children in my family, ages.

pages, 22,400 illustrations (13,700 in color, Name more than any other encyclopedia). 989 maps. Address Over 1,200 worldwide authorities contributed City.County.

the 6,300,000 words in this brandnew set. To State.Zip

information easy to find, there are overmake Publication Grolier of Incorporated A

Ivory 20volumes: in Sturdite Binding stamped genuine gold and royal blue. ( parent! ) index entries. 85,000

Cash Price: $19950. Available on Budget Plan. IE-9-67

September 1967 33 IS YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROGRAM ECONOMICALLY SOUND?

me? I know I ran faster than 1 did It was dark when he came in.

yesterday."His weathered face looked yellow

"Get out of the way, Butch. I'm in the warm kitchen light. The

building a fire!"stillness of the evening seeped

How could she possibly study through the curtained windows.

with all that? Dad was starving "Hi, Pop,"she cried.

himself to death for those boys. It "Hi, yourself,"he barked. She

just wasn't worth it.... flinched a little. They hadn't

A memory nudged her conreally talked to each other since science: a little girl crying in the the day he had carried her starfish

back yard, her father kneeling to school.

down on the wet ground. It had He opened the cupboard door.

just stopped raining. She wore a "The soup kid—that's me. Althin white blouse and a dark blue ways I come home on Wednesday

skirt, with a blue Beehive band night and your ma's out painting, across her chest. and all the food's either eaten up

Wheat is the heart of any food stor- "Don't bawl so much, Charlie. or put away. I wished I didn't

age program, keep your wheat supply to so late!"work basis rather turnover regular still to a build the have on time got We've

for spoilage. informarisk Write than

I "Sit for Pop. down, room made highprotein, fire. cleaned next tion about here over come Now

prostorage food your wheat. Make table."the at green place you I'll It's only practical A help program. you. gram a and to me

AND SURPRISE! 10:30. We've got a whole hour mat and a full setting of dishes

That wheat you have stored in your and a half before your teacher'll and silverware sparkled at him.

most the basement makes goods. other baked bread and deliciousNow be here. Now grab this here "Gettin'kind of fancy for toyour stored can convert wheat you

flour at natural your pocketknife and start shedding mato soup, ain't you, daughter?"into wholesome

convenience by using the superb Allkindling like I showed you.""Oh, I don't think you'll be eating Grain Flour Mill.

A MODERN ADAPTATION She dragged her sleeve over her tomato soup tonight, Dad."

The AllGrain Mill is a modern eleceyes and knelt down beside him. "Oh?"he said, sitting down

tric old fashioned, the of refinement flour that mill twostone preserves They worked all morning on the warily.

nutrition nature's marvelous and flaeconomy. exceptional cold, damp ground. Just before "No. I think you'll be eating vor with

flavor, to enjoy top Start now good noon, they had a little fire going. spaghetti."Mills available health economy. and

sizes. All in two mills guaranteed for They knelt around it to keep the "Spaghetti!"terms. year. one Easy

For full information, write: wind from smothering it. "Yes, don't you like it?"

Small wisps of smoke stung her "Well, I guess so."

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL eyes, and she was crying. She She set down a big platter of

Dept. E, P.O. Box 168 hugged her father. She hugged noodles with red sauce and fat,

Brigham City, Utah 84302 the peach tree nearby. She wanted juicy meatballs. or

P.O. Box 115 to hug the little fire, and she al- "I also made some baking powTremonton, Utah 84337 most hugged her teacher who der biscuits—just for you."

edged carefully around the side of "Really!"he exclaimed as he

the house, trying to miss the wet looked at her.

branches of the fir trees. She "I cooked something else for

finally earned her last emblem and you."

cTrahhinEii, i lire, a received her Beehive award. Her "Potatoes and gravy?"he asked.

father caught a bad cold and "Well, that's all I've learned how

J unu.anz, tukick tlzz Lzat? stayed in bed for four days. She to cook in my food class so far.

inaaoiv intzzaEJiti.. always procrastinated to the last I don't think I'm too good at meal

—and then he had to rescue her. planning yet. Don't you like it?"

CninEiE i/zovzib & Shaking herself out of her reverie, "Sure I do. I mean, of course I

she thought, Tomato soup won't like it, honey. I'm just... well,

I guess. just surprised, What dinner a him I'm for of

for? did do all this Nobody you got DESEREX maketonight.muchShe and opened up

refrigerator door.... ever bothered to go to so much| MORTUARY the

THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH

CUT OUT & ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION

34 Improvement Era trouble before when your mom's cook yet or anything, you know."

been gone.""No? I thought you were!"

She put her arm around his tired She giggled. "I was going to

shoulders. "Well, I just happen to make some rice pudding for deslove you. That's all. Oh, Dad, I'm sert, but I forgot. Would you like

sorry I was so awful to you that some peaches?"

day. I'll never be ashamed that "I would love some peaches,"

you're my dad again."he declared.

After sharing tears of joy and "Oh, Dad. You know my starlove, she said, "Dad, do you fish?"

think you could take me camping "Yeah, Charlie? Is it dead?"FUNDRAISING

during spring vacation? I've never "No, it's growing another arm AT ITS

gone with you before—the boys just like you said it might. First BEST!

have always grabbed you first."it sealed over where it had broken

"Well, yes, I guess we could go. off. After four weeks of care it

We ought to take your mom along, has grown about threeeighths of an too. I never thought that you inch! I guess it has forgiven me,

might want to go with me. You was too."f

always so busy with your friends."He nodded and smiled as he ate

"Yes, it would be a good idea another meatball. Overhead a

to take your mom. She could couple of stars winked down. A

paint and I could cook and you cloud drifted in front of the stars, Benson's lets could go fishing. I'm not a perfect hiding them, and then it passed. O

of by Boy Scouts highly honored has been of a father who Daughter the taste story partautobiographical this wrote Karlinsey Whitney America, Edna in appreciation of Scout fathers everywhere. With her husband and

young son, she resides in Tacoma (Washington) Second Ward. do the talking!

It's easy to sell Benson's Sliced Old

Home Fruit Cafe feenson's lets the taste do the tailing \with free sample slices, Members iell cakes Just by offering free samples. Your group gets 10

free samples along with every case of t cake. Last year, 7,073 groups like

rs earned from $50 to $4,337 with enson's. Your group can do it, too

-... the easy way.

l&nson'S sliced Vte Benson's! $1.10

old LneTruit Cake profit on each f?

pound cake sold.

MAIL COUPON TODAY FOR A PROGRAM BROCHURE

AND TEN FREE TASTING SLICES. NO OBLIGATION.

I Benson's Old Home Fruit Cake

I 245 North Thomas Street I Post Office Box 1432 R4 I Athens, Georgia 30601 Please rush program brochure and ten free tasting slices of Benson's Sliced Old Home Fruit Cake.

NAME.

I ADDRESS.

J CITY.STATE.

ZIP CODE..PHONE.

I ORGANIZATION.

IN ORGANIZATION | POSITION J inquiries that list organthose only honor (We can I

I ization civic, since sell only through names, we I

I groups.) school community and I church,

September 1967 35 amilyNight

By Janis F. Hutchinson

I nearly entitled this article "The strange, for I know that most mothpecting an answer, but then an

Blessing of Widowhood,"which ers realize this, and I thought I answer did come: "Give it up—not

might seem a strange title, but the did, too. all, but most of it."With this anawareness that resulted from being But as my world now began swer came the realization that the

a widow was one of the greatest to revolve around my children, Lord didn't expect me to sacrifice blessings I have received. I realized more than ever before my family relationship for the

Bobby was nine months old and the importance of spending planned Church, and that if I failed my

Patty was four years old when their time with them, showing more inchildren, I was failing God.

father died, so they felt the impact terest in their problems, listening, Having made my decision, I invery little. But Gordon, being six teaching, and learning how to comformed my children that I was

years old, was at a very vulnerable municate with them. going to give up three of my jobs

age. He wasn't able to cry, so his I have always been active in the so I could spend more time with

feelings came out in temper tanChurch. Ours was a small ward, them. I was surprised at their

trums, in sulking and meanness, in and every person was needed. At reaction. "Now you can play paper

poor schoolwork, and in emotional the time of my husband's death, dolls with me!"Patty exclaimed.

outbursts of all kinds. I knew that I had six jobs. From the added Gordon just grinned from ear to

he was going through an ordeal, jobs at home, such as roofs to seal ear. Bobby, too young to underbut I didn't know how to handle and pipes to fix, I suddenly was stand, but sensing something,

him. beginning to bend a little. It joined in by tackling me cowboy

At bedtime Gordon had great seemed that every time my children style.

difficulty saying his prayers; he wanted me, whether it was Patty I prayed night and day for help

would try, then cry and get mad (at asking me to play with her, or Gorin teaching my children—to help

me, I thought). Then I would bedon needing my presence and them overcome the emotional

come tired, angry, and disgusted understanding, or Bobby wanting problems that their father's death with him because of his attitude to wrestle or smother me with loves had created, to establish a closer toward me; and I'd walk off, leavand hugs, I was always short of family relationship, and to make

ing him to cry. If I tried to put patience and too busy with some the gospel a real part of their lives.

my arms around him or to give him kind of lesson to prepare. I would I was overwhelmed at the magni-

a kiss, it usually turned out to be a become frustrated and would tude of the task; I didn't know

physical battle. scream at them. where to start or how to go about

He would tell his sister that he I loved my Church work, yet I it. Then the Church introduced

hated her and wished she were loved my children too. I realized the Family Home Evening Manual

dead. This created an additional I was neglecting the children emo-—an answer to my prayers.

problem, for Patty felt he rejected tionally and spiritually. I knew I What fun we've had on family

her. It frightened me when he couldn't keep up with my Church nights! We have a lesson, flannel

would say he wished he were dead. activities, which I felt were so imboard stories, songs, and each

If I had to scold him for someportant, and still be able to give child's contribution of entertainthing, he would cry out, "Why necessary time to the children. I ment. And, as Patty jokingly says,

don't you just kill me!"He was simply couldn't do both. But give "If we don't end it all by popping

so extreme! At times, he would up even part of my jobs? This was corn, the whole thing is a flop!"

deliberately get himself into troulike giving up breathing. I felt an I have tried not to be overble at school, or with me, so he obligation to accept positions when balanced. Games, puppet shows,

could be punished and have atten- I was asked. It was a difficult desurprise refreshments, mountain

tion. I was frantic and I was hurt. cision to make. outings, home movies, cartoons,

Psychologically, I couldn't explain In despair, I finally said to myand other such treats are as importhe situation nor solve the probself, "I can't possibly do all these tant as the serious teaching.

lems till later. church jobs and raise my children But, in momentary despair, I can

But through it all came an awareright, yet I must do what I'm asked. see that even all this does not make

ness of the responsibility of What am I going to do?"I reangels of them. They are young

motherhood. This may sound member speaking aloud, not exand growing up, so I still find

36 Improvement Era Sister Hutchinson, Wendover (Utah) Ward Gospel Doctrine teacher and secretary of Wendover schools, wrote this inspiring account of the benefits of home evening as a result of her experiences since the death of her husband in 1961.

Bobby's milk in the cat's dish, the even walked over to the doorjamb bathroom mirror masterfully decoto show where he had wiped his rated with toothpaste, Patty's finger off.

clothes stuffed behind the dresser "What made you admit it?"

instead of in it, Gordon's sandwich He shrugged his shoulders and crusts neatly tucked behind the said, "Oh, I just got to thinking back door, smashed graham crackabout that lesson you gave."This

ers underneath their pillows, school was certainly a giant step in the books and homework hidden outright direction!

side in the doghouse, fibs, and One of our first home evening talking back. They can still be lessons emphasized helping each

mischievous and even naughty! family member realize that he or

One of our most irritating probshe has a special importance to the lems was solved because of a famfamily circle and has been blessed ily night lesson. Usually when I with certain talents with which to

found some damage done, I would bless others. I find that children

say, "Gordon, did you do it?""No!"are sometimes prone to think that

"Patty, did you do it?""No!"they are not very important and

"Bobby, did you?""Nope, twoss that parents are always very negamy heart!"Obviously one of them tive in their attitude toward them.

was lying, so it seemed rather hopeIn preparing this lesson, I began less. The home evening lesson to think of talents each child might

suggested that one way parents have. I was surprised to realize the

could inspire their children to negative thoughts I had of them.

strive for integrity was to help Then I remembered that Gordon, them realize that when someone my oldest, liked to repair things.

was at fault, he should face up to Suddenly, I had an idea. I needed

his mistake. When I saw that a metal strip installed on the edge

lesson, I thought to myself, "You of my kitchen linoleum. While

can't tell me this lesson will do any Gordon was at school, I started the good. Maybe it can help adults, holes where the screws would go

but certainly not children."so they couldn't possibly go in

I had just completed a large oil crooked. Later I asked him if he

painting, which was invitingly could possibly lay the strip and gooey. I placed it on the top of screw it in, as I didn't seem to have

the piano before I went to the the knack. With great pride, he

store. When I returned, I noticed did the job. I mentioned this in-

a big fingerprint right in the midcident as a concrete example of his dle of it. So I started the old line talent when I gave the lesson. How

of questioning, expecting the same important he felt in front of the old answers. other family members! The les-

"Patty?"son gave him something new to

"No, mommy!"think about. He had always had fun

"Bobby?"fixing things. Now, through princi-

"No, twoss my heart!"ples brought out in the lesson, he

"Gordon, did you?"There was saw that he was blessed with this

silence for a minute. "Gordon?"talent in order to serve and make

"Yes,"came the quiet reply. other people happy. My idea had

"You did it?"I was shocked. worked. Patty's and Bobby's talAgain the answer—"Yes."He ents were also pointed out.

September 1967 37 adorning and dressing themselves."

(Journal of Discourses, Vol. 14, p.

103.) Whatever style or fashion was worn, we can be sure the Saints of that day came modestly and properly dressed, for often in his discourses to them President Young would say, "It is vain and foolish, it does not evince godliness, and is inconsistent with the spirit of a

Saint to follow after the fashions of the world. I wish to impress

these remarks especially on the minds of my young sisters—the

daughters of the elders of Israel."

(JD, Vol. 14, p. 16.) "It is beneath

the character of the Latterday

Saints that they should have no What Should IWear more independence of mind or feelafter the ing to follow than to Conference? fashions grovelling customs and

By Mabel Jones Gabbott of a poor, miserable, wicked

Editorial Associate world."(/D, Vol. 13, p. 4.)

There seems to be a desire in every woman, no matter how The doors of the Tabernacle in Godey's Lady's Book, the womsaintly she may try to be, to also

Great Salt Lake City were opened en's fashion magazine published in try to be in fashion. And there

to the public for the semiannual the East during the 1800's, indiseem to be in every generation conference of the Saints in October cates that where hoop skirts and those styles that are unbecoming 1867. Even then as today, the peolarge puffed sleeves had been the to the modesty and dignity of

ple began to assemble long before fashion before the Civil War, as womanhood. And always the words

the hour named for the opening the century neared the 1870's the of the prophets warn us against of the gates on the south and west skirts were narrowed, and long such styles.

sides of the temple block. By nine trains had become popular. In 1917, fifty years after the

o'clock there was such a dense That these fashion trends were opening of the Tabernacle, the crowd around these entrances that known to the Saints in the valley following was sent to all women there was no passage along the is evidenced in the counsel given officers and teachers in the Church:

sidewalks. So reports the Daily to the women from the pulpit of "Dear Sisters: Some months ago

Telegraph, adding that "the streets the great Tabernacle by President the Presidency of the Church adwere filled with carriages, wagons Brigham Young: "It is the ladies dressed a letter to the General

and horses, indicating that there who introduce the fashions here. Boards of the Relief Society, Young

had been an early and large in- I will take the liberty of speaking Ladies Mutual Improvement Assogathering that morning from the with regard to some of them.... ciation, and the Primary Associacountry...."I refer now to the trails or trains tions, calling attention to present

We can assume that the women that it is fashionable for ladies to conditions of immodesty in dress coming to conference then were wear at the bottom of their dresses. and social conduct, and asking that

concerned with what to wear, for You know it is the custom of some these organizations take up the women have always been conhere to have a long trail of cloth matter with the women of the cerned with fashion. It had been dragging after them through the Church....

20 years since the pioneers had dirt.... The ladies of Israel should "[Some young girls] thoughtcome to the valley; and in those consider these things... and be lessly follow the 'fads'of fashion.

20 years the Saints had produced governed by good sense instead of Many of them wear sleeveless much cotton, wool, flax, and silk. foolish fashions in their modes of gowns and... extremely lowcut

38 Improvement Era Special! Session Q/tesses

bodices and short skirts....

"Latterday Saint women should Now, three elegantly apbe leaders in this movement.... propriate styles in the new dimension of simEach one should ask herself: Am I plicity and expressly demeasuring up, in this respect, to signed with unique

the highest standards of modesty refinements and lasting and to my professions as a member beauty. Superbly detailed and finished...

of the Church of Christ?"(The wrinkle resistant, dripImprovement Era, April 1917, pp. dry. Sparkling white.

55254.) Today, 1967, Latterday Saint. A-Fitted Princess—Polyester & Nylon

women, young and old, coming /\ 10 to 18, 14Vz to 22V2 from far or near to attend confer- (MidCalf) $15.00

B-Collar Sheath Polyester & Nylon ence in the wonderful centuryold P, S, M, L, XL

Tabernacle, may well read and (Long) $14.00

remember the advice given this (MidCalf) $12.00 C-Graceful Classic—Polyester & Nylon

generation by Elder Mark E. P, S, M, L.

Petersen: (Long) $17.00

"Has not the time at last arrived allow 3 to 4 weeks(MidCalf)for delivery $15.00

when girls and women must place decency above fashion?... All

skirts are not extremely short. Many

sensible people have the decency 'A to avoid... skirts that are too

little, too short, and too tight....

Cannot two and one half million 2511 So. West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 one 4873621

people popularize decency by a united effort?... We are strong

enough to make a style of our own Preserve the Inspiration of and to popularize it, but it must be a style in harmony with our Christian ideals."(Era, February 1967, The Improvement Era

pp. 6-7.) In Beautifully Bound Volumes We do not know the exact cut

of the skirts, the exact color or The Mountain West's finest bindery and material or line of dress that each printing house is prepared to bind your woman wore who attended that hardcollectedcoverImprovementvolumes. MailEra'sor bringinto finethe

semiannual conference of the editions you wish bound to the Deseret

Church held in the Tabernacle for News Press.

the first time in October of 1867, 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

but we believe that all women in payment must accompany all orders the hundred years since then, and Please include postage if volumes are in all the years to come, might do to be returned by mail.

well to believe and live and say Add $1.00 if Binding is to be billed.

with the Prophet Brigham Young: Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

"Just as sure as we are the Church and Kingdom of God, just POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH so sure have we to give laws and fashions to the world, sooner or later. When we walk humbly before the Lord and observe his

precepts, we can say to the world, follow us and our fashions."(JD,

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104

September 1967 39 "With all my Church activities I couldn't find necessary time for my children. What was I to do?"

One day I conducted a little mustn't let up, for I am beginning planned activities and fun we have survey among my older neighbors, to see results. enjoyed together.

asking, "What pleasant memories Now Gordon can talk to me, and Through the understanding and do you recall that really influenced I to him. That was a wonderful increased communication we deyour life?"beginning! He sometimes offers to veloped, I finally understood why

Old Mr. Smith sighed and gave put his arm around me—all on his Gordon deliberately put himself

a nostalgic smile. "I remember own—and he lets me give him a in a position to be punished, and I

the family dinners with loved ones. kiss at bedtime. An outsider would realized the reasons for his emoIt made each of us feel important probably never appreciate this step tional outbursts. He missed his

and wanted. I don't think 111 ever forward unless he had witnessed father and wanted to be with him

forget smelling mother's homemade the way it used to be. Furtherso much that provoking a spanking

bread, pulling honey candy, popmore, Gordon doesn't throw tanor wishing some extreme physical ping corn, singing the old songs, or trums, and he isn't as mean to his hurt onto himself was the closest cranking out homemade ice cream."sister as he had been. On Valenhe could come to killing himself

Two elderly sisters who lived totine's Day he wrote a note to Patty: (or death), and death was where

gether enjoyed reminiscing. "It "Dear Patty, I really do love you, his father was.

was always such a thrill to come but after all, I'm a boy, and boys Since my effort to establish bethome from school and smell the just get too embarrassed saying ter relationships with the children, freshly baked cookies. Home was stuff like that. Love from Gordon."many problems have been resolved.

always the center of our activities. Patty has been able to feel the Among other things, Gordon's

It was the gathering place. During improvement in his attitude toward schoolwork has improved. He used

Christmastime, as a family we'd her. "See, he really loves me,"to get D's on his daily work and

string popcorn for the tree, take she'll say with a wink. now he gets A's and B's. Each of

frosty hikes, and go on outings to Because of the closeness that our the children knows within himself the woods to gather mistletoe and family nights developed among us, that I love him and that his berries to decorate the house."Gordon finally admitted what the Heavenly Father loves him. They

Simple traditions, yet these added trouble was in his attempt to say know that each is important to the up to the making of a real home. I his prayers. "My prayers go to others and to the family as a

thought that if family activities heaven, and heaven is the place whole. I am grateful for the wonhold families together and make where Daddy is, and that just derful idea of the family night.

memories that remain, then I makes me too sad to talk and say However, the problems with Gorwould start making memories for my prayers."Because I had aldon were not ironed out in just a

my children. ways managed to put up a good few nights. It has taken about

My work is laid out for me now. front, he had assumed he was the three years.

It takes time and energy, but someonly one who was sad. I could see This special night, once a week,

how I feel that I'll be able to help that it was too much for him to will be part of those wonderful them and myself acquire a feeling cope with and understand. So I memories that will always influof family unity, establish a strong deliberately brought up the subence their lives. I hope that one

religious faith, and learn the necesject of his father's death at bedday, when their grandchildren ask sity of prayer and the great blesstime (a subject I had avoided them about their childhood days, ings that come from it. Through before) and asked Gordon if he'd they'll say, perhaps with that farstriving for high ideals, we shall like to talk about it or ask any away look in their eyes, "Oh, how

teach each other by example. questions. When he realized that I remember family night, and the

This is not easy for me to do I felt just as he did and that it was closeness, togetherness, and fun alone. Sometimes there's so much normal to feel sad, an even closer that existed in our family!"The

to do and to be taken care of. relationship developed. I feel this experiences in a home can be even

There are many nights when I am would never have been achieved more than a memory; they can be a

too tired for family night. But I without our family nights and the living presence throughout the years.

O

40 Improvement Era UpwaJxI Upward Iteach

Chief of all thy Wondrous works,

Supreme of all Thy plan:

Thou hast put an upward reach

IntO tne near I 01 Ulan* (From "God the Architect,"by Harry Kemp)

The Upward Reach... it's called working out your own salvation in some

circles. Or thinking - high or walking tall. Some think of it as hitching

your wagon to a star, while others look upon the upward reach as moving toward eternity via the iron rod.

A child feeling lost reaches out for mother. Another child, afraid,

puts his hand in dad's. Now grown up, he finds greater needs

and a Heavenly Father's guidance to reach for.

Getting in touch with heaven while at least one toe tags the grass is what a lot of young life ought to be about. Having your goals higher

than you can touch puts a lot of stretch into the soul of a teen. It's

what puts spiritual shine in a girl's face and a spark of the divine in

a boy's demeanor.

We're considering in this issue the meaning of the upward reach to you personally as you can see it in the lives and writings of other choice young people. Reach upward. Find yourself. Find the way of God.

The Editors

42 Era of Youth / x:1. Dragging Main

/ Riding around with boys feeling gingery

May lead to death or permanent injury.

I 2. Smoked Out

/ // the urge to "be someone"leads you to try nicotine,<L/lfterthought \ You'll find you're the "has been"

By Marjorie Hafen \ who never really has "been."

I 3. Flight Into Fantasy

\ The first cool flight into LSD \JJourts mayhem, death, or insanity.

r Filled with internal conversations,

The shade of constant brooding on his brow,

He writes on, ever tireless of the quest—

For what he little knows, or why,

He cannot answer fully.

He catalogues from inside out, that old man;

Unlike the analyzing statisticians of his day,

He finds all he needs to know of men within himself.

Introspective probing explains our common link

And yet... and yet he fears and needs his kind,

Wants them to think only good of him,

Worries lest he looks alone for what he hopes to find,

And finds neither what he always expects or likes.

He wonders what we think, but dares not ask, By Dennis Drake

Knowing we would have to lie if what we thought

Were not what we thought he wanted us to think.

Outwardly he is calm and coolly remote,

But he speaks somberly of inner tears

And 'daily doubts and vague, tiny fears.

We think him quaint and quite removed

Because we banished him so many years ago.

Dennis Drake, 22, of Eancho Cordova, California, submitted this j winning entry in the 1967 Era of Youth writing contest. y

September 1967 43 blindedBy Suzanne Eyestone

Jolene pulled her sweater was watching her scurry from The boys roughed around, around her shoulders and looked the curb. jostling and tickling each other,

up the street for the bus. In the Jolene dropped her money then smothering with laughter.

evening dusk she could see its into the box and was about to sit At each outburst Jolene crouched small red lights wending laboridown when a loud laugh startled lower into the seat.

ously through the traffic. her. Two boys %vere sliding A thin, middleaged man

"Hurry, hurry, hurry,"she across the last seat, crashing walked unsteadily up the aisle, chanted under her breath. She into each other, and laughing groping with his hands to tap

hated standing at the bus stop uproariously. the metal bars on the seats. He

with all the people staring at "Oh, no!"she gasped, and a reached the driver and smiled.

her. She hated standing there painful red tinge washed her "Is this Frost Street?"

even more than she hated riding forehead and cheeks. "Yes, it is, Mr. Durlany."The

the bus. "Dan Todd! Oh, no! I look so driver hesitated a moment, then

Soon the airy swooshing of terrible. Oh, why today!"She added, "Beats all how you know

brakes and the heavy odor of ducked, her head quickly and which street we're on."

the diesel fumes enveloped her slid into an empty seat. She "Well, Charlie, man doesn't

in bluish puffs of gas. By the kept her head bowed and patted see with his eyes only, you

time she had grabbed her coin her dishwater hair, pulling it know."The blind man laughed

purse, the doors had folded forward, pushing it back, and and stepped cautiously down back smoothly and the driver then pulling it forward again. the steps.

44 Era of Youth

Outside, the sun, a smooth "They're probably saying how on the sidewalk.

ring of burnished bronze, ugly I look."Jolene realized "Hey, Dan, who was that?

slipped, behind white crested that the next stop was hers, You acted like you knew her."

mountains. and she reached selfconsciously "Aw, some girl in my class."

When Jolene looked up to for the buzzer. It rang loudly "She's cute, isn't she."

stare through the window, she when she pulled the cord, and "Yeh. That's the troublesaw only her own face reflected she jerked away. she only thinks about herself.

back in wavering lines. She Once off the bus she pulled She's just plain stuckup."

stared at it for a moment, folher sweater tighter around her The bus, its bright red taillowing the outlines of her nose ivaist and hunched over, putting lights glowing, worked slowly and eyes, pausing at the blemher face against its woolly up the street, then turned the ishes and the stubby thick softness. corner and vanished from view.

lashes. "Oh, I wish I was beau- "Oh, I'm so ugly, ugly, ugly!

tiful. Dear God,"she pleaded No wonder nobody loves me. I

softly, "I'd give anything, anyeven hate myself."

thing! Please make me pretty, She hunched over further into

please."her sweater and hurried into Suzanne Eyestone, 18, of Ogden,

She caught the movement of the darkness. The boys in the Utah, submitted this winning

the boys in the glass and knew bus were strangely sober as they entry in the Era of Youth writthey were pointing at her. watched the disappearing figure ing contest.

September 1967 45 cnEvent theLifem The trail soon came to a rugged wash, full of sharp rocks and rough terrain. At this point there

was a stepdown of about 18 gfJamesA inches. We were concerned about

the horse continuing because of the stepdown and the rough and narrow trail that followed. But

Paul was confident that Old Rone could do it; they had traveled this Cullimoie There was great excitement at As we journeyed up the canyon kind of terrain many times driving

the ranch home of Scoutmasters to the campsite, we had the norcattle on the range. But after Old

Paul and Harold Walker as the mal fun of a group of boys on an Rone stepped down the 18inch

Scouts of Troop 1 of Lindon, Utah, outing. Once, where the road was incline and started across the

assembled on a beautiful night, very narrow at a point far up from rough area, Paul decided to turn

July 17, 1923, preparatory to a the base of the canyon, the rear back. To turn the horse on this

hike the next day. The bedrolls wheel of the wagon seemed to slip narrow, steep trail was frightening

were spread out on the straw dangerously close to the edge, in itself, but the horse made it and stack under the stars and in the and we were all frightened. We started back along the trail. Then

18barn on the hay. In the early evesoon came to the old Dutchman it came to the incline—the

ning there was little sleep because Mine, where we unpacked the inch stepup. It tried the step but

of the pranks and normal running supplies from the wagon, loaded missed its footing. It tried again

about. them onto packhorses and mules, and again; then it became excited

At five a.m. we were up, and and started up a trail to Pittsand lunged forward, trying harder,

after breakfast we were on our burg Lake. After a few hours we but missed again, lost its balance,

way to the campsite—Pittsburg

its lake and fresh spring and with the Scoutmaster on it, rolled Lake—up the north fork of Ameriarrivedwith at this mountain clearing and fell backward. The horse,

can Fork Canyon. The boys were its beautiful play area. over and over on this rugged area,

stacked in a wagon bed. ScoutWe could have been content to down the mountainside. Paul was

master Paul Walker, who had been spend the entire time around thrown free about halfway down, ill and was still recovering, took camp with the many exciting but the horse rolled all the way to

Old Rone, his faithful horse, since things there were to do, but the the bottom.

the doctor had told Paul he could excitement of climbing the mounWe Scouts stood frozen with go if he did no hiking. Old Rone tain was too great. Thus we startfear, numbed by the horrible sight

was a faithful horse used by the ed out after breakfast and made before our eyes. Then we rushed

Walkers to drive cattle on the our way to the top. The Scouts all to our Scoutmaster's aid. As we

mountain range. It had a reputahiked while Paul Walker, the reached him he was moaning and

tion of being a surefooted and Scoutmaster, rode Old Rone. We in great pain. Blood was coming

dependable horse. We all felt reached the summit and confrom several severe gashes and

secure with it carrying the Scouttinued along the top on the trail, cuts on his head and face. Young

master, for it had taken him over which continued slightly at the and frightened, we looked at Paul, mountain trails many times. side of the ridge. then at the steep mountain he had

46 Era of Youth Messages from General Authorities

By Elder James A. Culiimore

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

just fallen down, and wondered first aid man from the Dutchman how we could ever get him back Mine met us. He said he could do

to the top. Then someone sugnothing more than what had algested we pray. In unison, we ready been done. He directed us

quickly knelt and prayed to the to the main road, where his pickup

Lord for help in getting our Scouttruck was waiting. We placed Paul

master to safety, for direction and in it and drove to the nearest guidance in this disaster, and for town. I distinctly recall the pain

his recovery. and distress Paul was in during

When we arose from our knees, the journey. The roads were rough

Paul directed us to get him out of and the truck was not a particuthe hot sun and into the shade. larly gentle cradle.

Then he sent us down to the horse Later it was discovered that to get the saddle blanket and to Paul had suffered a broken collarmake a stretcher out of it. This bone, a fractured skull, and many

we did, and we finally were able cuts and bruises.

to start up the mountain, with Although the Scoutmaster diPaul on the improvised stretcher. rected his rescue from the acciIn the meantime, one of the dent scene and conversed with us

boys had been dispatched to go continually until we reached to camp and then on to the Dutchhome, he remembers nothing of man Mine for help. There was the whole incident. It was the next

usually a first aid man there, and day before he completely regained we hoped that he would be able to consciousness.

come with help. The Scouts had done a perfect

After much difficulty and many job with the first aid they renrests along a trail that led back dered. The bandages they had

and forth across the side of the applied weren't removed for sevmountain, we reached the top. eral days, but the broken bones

Some of the Scouts had already and the wounds had healed permade a fire and were melting fectly.

snow with which to bathe the Brother Walker recovered fully wounds and cuts before bandagin a few weeks and has lived a ing them. The boys applied their long and happy life. Now retired,

training in first aid as they banhe wrote to me recently: "I have

daged Paul. This done, two poles always felt that it was the leaderwere cut out, and by using coats ship of my Scouts that brought me

and shirts of some of the boys, off the mountain.

I am sure we made a sturdier stretcher. "Of this one thing

Then we began the long trip back because of the prayers of a group to the camp. of boys that day, I am here

Before camp was reached, the today."O

September 1967 On the Scene with the Editors

You could almost hear what the posters said; they were that lively and

attractive: "Color me excited... come

color me great!... Color me a big

adventure at the Youth Academy for

Girls, 1967 vintage."Small wonder

the slogans were successful in enticing girls from all over the country to Brigham Young University campus for two summer weeks of memorable activities and training.

Come they did—ranging in age from

10 to 18—crying when they arrived

because they were lonely and homesick already, and crying when they left because it had all been so wonderful. Two sessions were held this summer, with nearly five hundred girls

participating in a program monitored

by trained counselors who lived with ture their efforts at a dress or sarape.

the girls in their dormitories. There was a meal of good food and

They came for two weeks, and once lively chatter, followed by movies and the fee was paid they were off for a a jaunt to the observatory for starround of classes in everything from gazing. There were swimming and a

poise and interior decoration to rebit of bowling and time out for treats ligious education. They ice skated and at the candy canteen (except the line

had tennis instruction. They staged gets SOOO long).

dramatic entertainments and stayed Youth Academy leaders were Katherup hours listening to each other's taline C. Taylor, whom everybody circles

ents. They had Sunday School and about when she appears on the scene

MIA, free time and travel tours. (she's THAT lovely and that important),

We dropped in on them one afterand Ronald C. Hills, director of special

noon and watched them tape their courses and conferences, who served

TV show in full costume with clever as religious leader for the special song. We visited them in the dorms. academy ward during the period the

We checked their pottery creations. girls were in session.

Sewing class was in full swing when we It was all so much fun and so arrived with camera in hand to picfriendly and so stimulating. O

September 1967 49 ItlsiitTbo Soon

Dear Elizabeth, How is school? Are you still alivewith all that

homework? The "Peanuts"article I'm enclosing

reminded me of you. Of course you're studying

geometry now, aren't you? Hum... a big high school

freshman you are now. Wow! How is ol'Hillside

treating you?

I'm taking firstyear German. It's really fun.

Languages are so exciting! After I learn German, I

want to learn Spanish and Italian. Am I crazy?

Are you thinking about high school and college yet? It's not too soon! If you're thinking about

going away to school (it's neat! Have you

talked to your parents yet?), it 's a good idea to

send for a catalogue. Send to any college

you're interested in and see what the entrance requirements are.

There are certain things you must have in high school. I'm so glad I took two years of Latin in high

school. Don't think that you'd be an oddball

because nobody else takes it. Other people don't

take it because they think it's too hard or dull like physics or chemistry. But it's not dull

at all! Neither are physics and chemistry.

And it's so intellectual! It really gives one

prestige to study Latin or Greek. But I think Latin

is a little more practical, and you don't have to learn a new notation, as you do in Greek and

Russian. By the way ( iibrigens in German!),

I think if you keep up your Russian and maybe take some more, along with French in high school, you can get transfer credit in college. Believe

This letter was written me, it's worth it, because then you get some by Julianne Schreiner, a student at Stanford requirements filled without having to take

University, to her cousin the classes, and you have more time to take things Elizabeth Engar, a student in

Salt Lake City, Utah. you want to take instead of spending so much

50 Era of Youth time filling requirements, which is a bore I It's much more fun to be able to take what you want to! Of course, to get into a good college, you have to get

really good grades, too. I think I had about a 3.8 average (not quite as

good as my sister's, but studies are getting harder all the time, aren't they?).

You're learning things right now that lots of people have never had the opportunity to learnyou're a real scholar! So work, work, WORK and you'll

never regret it; whereas, if you just hang around and don't study much (as

much as you need to, to get those A's), you'll get the less glamorous side of every deal you try to get in life. You'll miss out on so many things.

I know you're really busy and that you have lots of responsibilities at home, but if you tackle every bull by the horns (now really think about that), if you grab every single difficult math problem, French assignment, or home task and wrestle with it until you are the victor, just think how much more people will look up to you each day! Everyone will look up to you: your family,

your friends, your teachers (the best way to apple polish is to study ), your church leaders, and everyone else. I'm sure you already know how people

admire those who have worked really hard to get where they are now. It's more

than true that you get out of a thing only as much as you put into it. If you

don't study hard, you won't get good grades, which will be depressing; on

the other hand, if you work hard, you will get good grades and much praise too!

(This statement is also a law of physics: the output of a machine will never

exceed the input.

Another thing I have to tell you that you may not realize for a while: as

you grow older, differences in age lessen. Not literally, of course, but

as young people grow up and take onadult attitudes and opinions and begin to think like adults and be adults, adults begin to treat them as adults—somewhat as

equals. For example, when you are 25, your best girl friend may be 30, and

you won't even think about the difference in your ages! Think of the difference

in age between your mother and my mother (20 years) and what close friends they are. The point is that you at 14 and I at 19 are only five years and 23 days

apart, and that's really not very much. So I think that you and I ought to

be best friends -secret confidantes. O.K.? I'll tell you all about college,

and you tell me all about high school. I think you're just great! Goodbye

for now.

Love, your pal,

Julianne

September 1967 51...MBPH****'

As a person matures, he bein goals can be irreplaceable in to by his fellow students. This

gins to realize the value of today's highly competitive sobecomes especially apparent as having a wholesome character; ciety, and a person who has a student becomes older and

and at the age of 17, several of made his decisions and sticks to starts to realize the value of true the benefits of integrity are them has a lead over the one principles.

becoming much more apparent. who cannot make up his mind Just as the good people

A 17year-old is making deand flirts with one line of work throughout the scriptures were, cisions that will affect the outand study and then changes to on occasion, derided, so today's come of the rest of his life. Since another. students with high standards

he is graduating from high At 17 the basic principles of are sometimes ridiculed by their school, he must choose which character are being formed, and fellow companions because of college to attend. Soon after he the traits that will mark a pertheir socalled "goodygoody"

begins college, he has to decide son's character either have attitudes and their lack of desire what vocation he wishes to go appeared or are appearing. for "kicks."These taunts, howinto. He will also consider going The teen years are like the ever, come most often from those

on a mission, and he needs to foundation of a building or the who do not have the qualities intensify his preparation for it. roots of a tree. If they have they see in others and are

Integrity in character is innot been properly constructed, jealous because of it.

valuable in making these dethe rest of one's life, like the The true admiration of stucisions and in setting goals for rest of a building with a faulty dents is shown when they choose life. If the wrong decision is foundation, will be insecure. the people who will be their

made, there will hopefully be This is not to say that a perleaders. People with honesty,

time and opportunity to correct son cannot repent and then begin sincerity, and fortitude should it, but making the right choice rebuilding anew, but this is the be chosen for all the important can save the time and trouble difficult and dangerous way. positions. The "in"students

involved in changing one's attiThe student who has stanwho often run for office just for tudes later in life. A head start dards and integrity is looked up fun and prestige are rejected in

52 Era of Youth Youth Speaks

Integrityrat

W,J,

By George Cannon

almost all cases by the ones doas one's own attitudes. Also, noon, and it is not gained by

ing the voting. associates who have the same sitting in a Church meeting

One of the most disliked indiattitudes tend to join forces. In every Sunday merely because

viduals is a phony who tries to this way friendships are formed, that is the proper thing to do.

put on a show of friendliness not only for high school, but for True sincerity, love, and honand concern just for personal later on as well; thus, integrity esty come from constantly strivgain. Even in high school, where and attitudes are usually the ing to attain these qualities.

popularity is sometimes deterbasis for forming associations. When the values gained from

mined by dress, social standing, The most important value of integrity by a 17year-old are and cleverness, there are very integrity, however, is a value spoken of, something has to be few students who object to that remains constant from said about the work needed to wholesome attitudes. And those age 7 to 17 to 77, and that value gain the blessing. A 17year-old

who do object may themselves is the peace of mind and clear can try every day to be kind to not understand, or have the conscience that come from dohis fellowman, to be friendly, strength to maintain, proper ing good and living a good not only to his friends, but to values. Integrity is not only life. No matter how much everyone. Honesty can be derecognized, but also admired and praise is received or how many veloped by resisting the temptarespected by nearly all students. taunts and pokes are taken, the tion to cheat on tests and

Another advantage is that of actual test of integrity is in the assignments, and by always dohaving good companionship durperson's own mind. ing the work required. Dependaing high school days. If a perIntegrity is not something bility and devotion can also be

son has high standards and that suddenly pops up one afterexpanded in each day of living.

values, the people he associates with will be likely to have the George Cannon's father, George I. Cannon, is president of the Central British

same standards and goals. The Mission. George, Jr., stayed in Salt Lake City to complete his senior year at

Highland High School. He was one of Highland's star football players, played

company one keeps is almost as on the first team in basketball, and is an accomplished musician.

important in building character

September 1967 53 ExtracurricularActivities these larger groups, you will make friends and learn of further opportunity in more specialized

By Margaret Dyreng areas.

Have a flare for the dramatic? Many universiIs there a chance to use your talents in a colties have approximately ten major theatrical

lege with many students? productions each year. Why not try out? Sure,

Yes! Oh, yes! There is a place for you at any hundreds do it, but don't get discouraged. Give

university. Want to develop culturally, you say? the directors a chance to know you. Let them

Take advantage of the concerts and lyceums your see a lot of you. Try out for plays produced by

university offers! Your university will bring in students for their directing class. Parts in these

big names in the world of performing arts. You'll plays are easier to come by and will give you

perhaps never again have a chance to experience excellent experience.

quality entertainment in such quantities. The Art, anyone? Become involved through your

most important development comes from personal classwork, and from there you will find numerous participation, however. So become involved. It's opportunities. If you are pretty good, perhaps

hot hard. your work will be selected to be shown in the art

Like singing? Show your interest to the people gallery of the student union building.

in the music department by trying out for one of Some universities have a student program the many fine choral groups of the school. bureau, which can readily use talented individuals

Or perhaps you play a musical instrument. on programs sent to community groups in surThen you may want to join one of the instrurounding areas. Don't forget the possibility of

mental groups, such as the marching band or the the dance program and the clubs involved in that symphony orchestra. Once you become active in area. O

A select group of college students suggests ways you can find your identity outside of college classes.

Student Leadership whatother typestudentsof programand theirtoadvisers,propose and,by talkingabove all,to

By Lynn W. Southam using their own resources. The programs should

have merit and cast a good reflection on the

BYU Student Body President 196667 student body and the school.

The third factor, and often the most important,

There are three things that make it possible for is being able to accept one's self. Many do not

one to be successful in running for a student run for office because they have a complex. They

office. feel inferior or foolish when they step out and are

First, it is imperative to have right motives. noticed. It is hard for them to run for election

Right motives to serve are fundamental in Church because of fear of being defeated. They don't

teachings and democratic processes and will enwant their friends to laugh at them for trying able one to lead with conviction and strength. to be a leader. As soon as a person realizes that

Fellow students recognize those motives. he does have something to offer and that others

The second element is to have a program of need his service, the road to involvement is easy.

merit that others could accept or reject. In most He can become a leader, and, more important, he

cases all candidates will be good people, but their will accomplish much good for his school and programs may be very different. Students learn fellow students. O

54 Era of Youth let will will be, they them. if you sJWoreThan a PinkCard

all are positions the Chances of leadership in

By Don L. Searle, Jr. your home ward are held by married adults.

Campus ward organizations, on the other hand,

Are you worried about becoming just another are almost entirely student staffed. You may have

pink membership card in one of those large the opportunity to be a leader in the priesthood, campus wards when you go away to college next Sunday School, or Relief Society, as well as in fall? Forget it. Let me tell you what happened a university ward MIA program, designed espeto me the first time I attended a Brigham Young cially to help college students develop spiritually

University ward. and socially. With four organizations to be main-

"Bishop,"I said, offering him my hand, "my tained, there is a place for everyone.

name is Don Searle. I'd like to volunteer to help The only limits on your participation in ward

out in the ward."activities will be the ones you set for yourself.

There will be ward social activities, work projects, "Fine"he said, smiling. "We need you right and temple trips, all designed to help you grow. In

now as a home teacher. I'll see that you're assigned fact, the larger your ward, the more opportunities

a partner as soon as possible."

you will have to learn about the gospel from

It was strange, I thought, that he should say, others, to make new friends, or to serve someone "We need you,"but I soon learned that everyone else as only you can.

in the ward was needed. And I found the same Your ability to succeed in a college ward despirit of fellowship there that we had in my own pends not on "IQ,"but on '7 will."So put yoursmall home branch. self in the middle of all the things going on around

I, and many students like me, have learned, you. Membership in a college ward offers you a

as you will, that college wards can be just as intiwhole new set of opportunities to be an individual.

mate, just as hospitable as your home ward. And Take advantage of them. O

ColIe&fPlus

Social Aspects isablean tointegraladjust partand matureof theirsociallyeducation.on the campus

By Dona Gregory The real value of leading a wellrounded social life lies in acquiring the ability to associate with

Graduating from high school and walking on to others graciously and to lose one's self in the a university or college campus, no matter how service of his fellowmen.

large or small, is an enormous step. It brings Getting to know people at a university isn't

about changes in nearly every aspect of a young as difficult as some might imagine. Daily conperson's life—study habits, cultural attitudes, and, tact is unavoidable and can be one of the most

perhaps most important, social actions. enjoyable aspects of college life. Opportunities

Nearly everyone has the dreaded fear of beto meet people are everywhere—in classes, at

coming "lost in the crowd"or "another number."sports events, in the dorms, and in campus activiAnd loss of individuality and selfidentity can beties. The key to success in being socially accepted

come reality unless young people realize that being is to simply be yourself.

September 1967 55 Cwation

By Ann Busath

In the beginning (but not really the beginning light, goldenblue, and gentle in the days of spring only a moment in the span of existence that is sun—and light that spreads its colors first faintly

always), I learned of a plan of my Heavenly red to orange to golden, to dispel the blueblack

Father for me and my spirit brothers and sisters. that is night—sunrise. And I have eyes to see.

Himself exalted and perfected and holy, our beloved Father wanted us to have a chance to And he made wind to rustle softly through a follow his path. His firstborn, our elder Brother, thousand leaves, glistening silverslippery water

Jesus, would organize a world where we could to sing and stumble on its way to the sea, and live and grow and learn to love and truly care. birds to fill the morning air with soft flutetones.

It would be a difficult experience in a world of And I have ears to hear.

imperfect men and irrevocable law, and we must choose if we would follow him. He made hands to touch in the bright warmth

that is "How are you?"or "I will help"or "I begin

And so, somewhere in the lightfilled darkness that to love you"; and eyes to speak, to see beyond

is space, I said, "Yes."And I waited for my turn. the words, to understand, to discover.

My Brother set about making a world for me and He gave me a heart that sees and hears and feels you, the Father's children. And one day I left the earth he made, and deep within me earthlove

a place I cannot remember now to come here, to swells to overflowing. He gave me tears of joy

begin the union of my life with the earth. to shed.

In the hazy brightness that is childhood, there was You have these things, too. They are gifts

the first recognition of beauty—the smell of blessings beyond our ability to receive.

eucalyptus, the first encounters with sea and sun and sand, and fog—wet droplets on my face, a And someday when I have seen my Brother again

bee, flowers, and cypress trees bent strangely and my Father has welcomed me back, I hope, with by the wind. my mate, to be able to begin the direction of a

world like this. And our children will turn in the

And as I grew, so the world became more marcold sweetness of morning light to heavens of velous; and deep inside began the warm, sweet their earth with eyes that glisten with tears born

pain that is earthlove. of earthlove to say, "Thank you, Father."O

My Brother made light that falls soft and silvery (Ann Busath is 20 and a zoology major at at night and makes shadow patterns in the wind University of California at Santa Barbara.)

56 Era of Youth BLACK & WHITE Best of Movies 8 exposure roll Pearson ILIVI3 By Howard

DEVELOPED & PRINTED %The Young Americans, first fullvolved in a murder mystery in the IN JUMBO SIZE length feature to be based on the canyon; The Reluctant Astronaut, 12 exposures36 exposures504 20 exposures$1.50 $1.00

popular singing group of that name, starring Don Knotts in a comedy is another family movie delight for about a Mr. Milquetoasttype charCOLOR FILM

the summer. acter who finds himself headed for DEVELOPING

Conspace; and the Millionaire, previewed June by It was Tammy

visitors to production a charmingference Salt Lake MIA about the 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per

City, and they pronounced it fun, further adventures of the popular Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

happy, sweet, and "just the type of teenage character. Dev.12Exposureand PrintingRoll $3.00. perro ||

movie we need."The Walt Disney company has a Color Reprints 204 each

late is. It isn't weighty movie out for summer, That it by any new SLIDES COLOR

Slides per Color 135 mm that fantasy Starting a with tryouts The GnomeMobile, outmeans.

roll exp., Dev. and Mount 20...$1.35

of hundreds of talented young peofinds ageless Walter Brennan star135 mm Color Slides per ple for the 36 openings in the ring as both a business tycoon and Color36 exp.,MovieDev. and Mount... $2.40 perroll

Young Americans, the picture goes a 934year-old gnome. He has 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

through their rehearsal and traintwo Irish grandchildren he takes ing period and then follows them into redwood forests, where everyGENEALOGY PHOTOS across the United States to Washone becomes involved with gnomes NEGATIVES MADE of OLD ington, D. C. It ends up with them and a kidnapping plot. The fun is PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 54 each preparing for a trip to Europe, typically Disney and the grandSend coin only—no C.O.D.'s

setting the stage for a sequel, children are played by those two MoneyBack Guarantee

Young, Americans in Europe, which cute youngsters from Mary Poppins. joins year. the nextshould ready The GnomeMobile be PHOTO LAB SAMS

Utah P.O. Box 11 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, rerelease isn't of too the depth to and There Snow White much

The Young Americans, unless one Seven Dwarfs, The Shaggy Dog, into insight Professor,can gain to and AbsentMinded The some how train as other of a result entertaining people shows young from A FREE DOLLAR BOX watching the behavior of these Disney. OF MASON CANDYyoung people and their director. Also included in the summer reOther recent releases that should leases is The Taming of the Shrew, WORTH $1200?

appeal to mature audiences include a lavish, splendidly performed verThoroughly Modern Millie, a comsion of Shakespeare's timeless andMr. Frankwith theL. helpRoshellof Mason'ssent for Regionalhis FREEManbox

raised Counselor, local Campaign andedyfarce about the 1920's, starring comedy on which the musical Kiss ager

Holt, School, in High for the Boteler $1200

Julie Andrews, Mary Tyler Moore, Me, Kate was based. This will Alabama IN ONLY ONE HOUR AND FIFMINUTES.and Carol Channing; Up the Down hold appeal for youngsters of junior TEEN

was given to the students on "The candy

Staircase, a drama of life in a dishigh school age and beyond and Friday afternoon at the close of school. By

advantaged school in a metrofor those who find particular en- 4:30studentsPM awayof thefromsameclassesday,—withoutthe drivetakingwas

in This of raising $1200 methodpolitan city; To Sir, With Love, joyment in Shakespeare. completed.

the best is undoubtedly hours less than two starring Sidney Poitier as a It is a superb interpretation of method I have ever used."

schoolteacher for deadend kids in the Bard's classic with Richard CampaignSend for Counselora Free boxexplainof candyMason'sand letTwoour investPlan. No risk—Noa poor section of London; Africa, Burton playing one of the most HourFund-Raising

printed an attractively ment. Each box has

Texas Style, starring Hugh O'Brian robust Petruchios in history and sleeve with your organization's name, picin a cowboytype film with its setdelivering Shakespeare's lines with tureReturnandwhatslogan.youShippingdon't sell.chargesKeep prepaid.40 on

ting in Africa; and A King's Story, a style that makes them live. His everysold thedollarcandy.boxMailsold.couponPay aftertoday!you have

absorbing documentary about the wife, Elizabeth Taylor, plays a

Duke of Windsor from his childmean-tempered woman who has Pat Mason, Dept. 978, Mason, Box 549

hood through his abdication as been shunted aside in favor of her MINEOLA,Please sendL.I.,meN.Y.(without11501obligation) further informaKing of England. younger sister, Bianca. Casting of tionFree andbox haveof candyyourandCampaignexplain CounselorMason's ExtraProfit/bring me my

Younger audiences should enjoy the featured roles is flawless. Many Prize Award Program.

the following films for the entire students will receive study guides NAME AGE (IF UNDER 2l) family: Brightly of the Grand from schools to explain the setting ORGANIZATION.

Canyon, story of a little burro inand the story. O ADDRESSCITY Motion pictures reviewed on this page are neither approved nor recommended by the Church or the Era. HOW MANY MEMBERS.

They are, however, in the judgment of the reviewer, among the least objectionable of the current films. Mason Candies, Inc., Mineola, L.I., N.Y.

(Offer available only to nonprofit groups.)

September 1967 57 Wfe've got 30,000 gallons of gasoline riding on Super Tire.

We built our Amoco 120 Super Tires to keep our tire customers gasoline customers as well.

Built them with extra helpings of traction, toughness and strength.

And tested them for safety at 1 20 mph on sunbaked roads, and for hard cornering and even for things like scuff resistance.

"You expect more from American—and you get it!'"

29SAM ERICAN OIL COMPANY

SIGN IN INK ABOVE * NO I VAU UNI ESS SIGN I D BY CUSTOMER tsi im sbi - GOOD THRU JOHN K aROISIETSCH 01 month

Cart rwM(tjNit tkttuNr***rfT tunH IV ftlMrtUHtktrnrf sfctftft! iJi|icMltitMttJ*IMilwiKcuwiitfKctftinct at litkther*llirimm jm cMtrimsJ'M* tiHMturn*

The American Oif Company, 1967. World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

%il|y '

"..

-. \ V - Itt*!1!!

'Ste***

Trademark. Trademark "Atlas"Reg. U.S. Pat Off., Atlas Supply Company #.i

IIP

TheLDS Scene

Brigham Young Basketeers Uruguayan Institute of Religion Brigham Young University basketball team, the 1967

The first institute of religion in South America has National Invitational Tournament champions, traveled been organized at the National University of Montevideo, during the summer months throughout the Far East

Uruguay, to provide fellowship and religious study and South Pacific on a sixweek peopleto-people goodwill for some 100 Latterday Saint students enrolled at tour. The Cougars, coached by Stan Watts, with

the university. The group's first activity was attended Alan Witbeck as assistant coach and Rod Kimball, trainer,

by 18 students, and rapid growth is predicted by were scheduled to play 29 games in Japan, Korea, recently released Uruguayan Mission president Formosa, the Philippines, Australia, New Zealand, and

James R. Barton. Tahiti. They will return in midSeptember.

"Athlete of the Year"General Superintendent G. Carlos Smith of the YMMIA

congratulates Billy Casper, famous Latterday Saint.

golfer, on his reception of Sports magazine's "Athlete of the Year"and "Top Performer in Golf"award, presented at a banquet honoring Elder Casper and allChurch golf tournament contestants. Brother Casper,

Chula Vista Ward, San Diego Stake, was 1966 U.S. Open

Champion and the leading 1966 money winner in tournament competition.

AllChurch Golf Junior Chamber of Division winners in the 1967 allChurch golf tournament

Commerce Winner display their trophies after 36 holes of competition

The U.S. Junior Chamber at Provo, Utah: Robert Borovicka, Sparks West Ward, Reno

of Commerce's national (Nevada) North Stake, senior division, 142 score;

"Speak Up"publicspeaking Mitch Voges, Encino Ward, Reseda (California) Stake, contest has been won by junior division, 148; Larry Summerhays, Mountain View

Richard P. Winder, second Ward, Hillside (Salt Lake City) Stake, veteran

counselor of the East division, 159.

Millcreek (Salt Lake City) 13th Ward. Brother Winder, Seasiders of Hawaii

Utah winner, competed The Seasiders, Church College of Hawaii championship against winners from 49 soccer team, battled the Tahitians, nearperpetual states at the 47th national winners of South Pacific soccer championships, in a

Jaycee convention in recent twoweek tour of the South Pacific. The Seasiders,

Baltimore, Maryland. After composed of LDS boys from six island groups

delivering his speech to attending CCH, lost 4-3 to the Tahitians, but gained great over 13,000 delegates, their admiration from fans and the press as "those tireless j'l: Fanta

wives, and guests Mormons."Elsewhere, they won all their games,

among whom was President including a 6-1 victory over a Samoan allstar club.

Lyndon B. Johnson Most matches were broadcast by radio, and team

Brother Winder received a members were described as "remarkable ambassadors standing ovation. for Mormonism."

60 Improvement Era Japanese Temple Excursion The second temple excursion of Japanese Saints to from Japan. Two tour members were from Okinawa.

the Hawaii Temple was recently successfully completed, Most of the group were younger couples, many of as hundreds of endowments, marriages, and sealings whom had saved up to a year's salary to finance were performed for and in behalf of the 132 Saints their weeklong trip.

California Latterday Saint Legislators Stake President Public Accountants'

California Governor Ronald Reagan recently met with Honored President

Latterday Saint California legislators and missionaries Palo Alto Stake president Francis E. Morrison is

to receive a First Presidencyautographed copy of Richard B. Sonne has just completing a oneyear

the Book of Mormon. "I have always admired the been elevated to comptroller term as president of the

tremendous personal integrity and selfinitiative of and assistant treasurer of 12,000member National

Latterday Saint people, and on a number of occasions I the Del Monte Corporation, Society of Public refer to programs of your Church,"said Governor a worldwide food Accountants. Brother

Reagan. Left to right: Elder Richard Palmer, State packaging and distribution Morrison of the Lovell Ward,

Assemblyman William Campbell of Los Angeles, firm. President Sonne Big Horn (Wyoming)

Elder Dale Wallace,. State Senator Robert Stevens of is a son of Elder Alma Stake, challenged association

Santa Monica, Governor Reagan, State Senator John Sonne, Assistant to the members to a "rededication

L. Harmer of Glendale, Elder Richard Parsons, Council of the Twelve, and a of talents to the good of

State Senator Clair Burgener of San Diego, and Elder Gil member of numerous others"at the recent

Housley. State Assemblyman James Hays of Long accounting and financial Miami Beach, Florida,

Beach was absent. associations. convention.

September 1967 61 Teaching ChurchConductedSchoolbySystemthe The Parable ofthe

all A provocative modernday parable that

Latterday Saints will find conducive to discussion.

PART 1 #Many years ago Joshua issued ments, and keepeth them, he it is that while he was on his mission this challenge to the Israelites: that loveth me...."and while he served in the bishop-

"... choose you this day whom ye "He that loveth me not keepeth ric, he really felt close to the Lord.

will serve;... but as for me and not my sayings...."But he laments the everwidening

my house, we will serve the Lord."Actions, rather than words, are gulf between the Lord and his

(Josh. 24:15.) The discussion the measure of our love for the family, and asks for suggestions as

then was of other gods and of the Savior. For example, Jim claims to how the process can be reversed.

place of the Lord in the life of each he loves the Lord. But he also The B.'s situation is typical of

Israelite. The basic problems of loves fishing. The Lord requires numerous Church members in that

allegiance to the Lord are still with that Jim be in sacrament meeting they attend church regularly and us. And the question "Which god each Sunday. During fishing seaare generally conscientious in the

do you serve?"is as valid today as son Jim often skips sacrament fulfillment of their assignments.

it was in times of old. meeting to go fishing. Does Jim Yet there exist in their thought and

The term "god"could be defined really love the Lord? By the behavior patterns some disturbing

in a number of ways. The discusLord's own criterion, no. Is the inconsistencies.

sion that follows will assume that Lord Jim's god? Under our defiFor example, George opposes

a person's god is that which he nition, apparently not. Consider working on the Sabbath, yet he is

loves more than anything else. An the following parable. often seen doing his yard work on

individual may love many things. George and Jenny B. are LatterSundays. "I don't have time on any

Of itself this characteristic is not day Saints. They admit to a desire other day,"he explains. Each

to be condemned. But which, of to attain celestial glory and claim Sunday, when the B.'s return from

the many things that an individual that they love the Lord. But one Sunday School, George and his

loves, may be called his god? The day George confides to a friend sons watch the football or baseball

answer is, whichever—in case of that, although he believes the game on television. Yet they never

conflict—would prevail. This is Church is true and that David O. would consider attending a Sunday

implied in the.Savior's challenge McKay is the Lord's Prophet, he game in person.

recorded in John 14:21, 24: lacks the firm conviction that he On the way home from sacrament

"He that hath my commandfeels he should have. He explains meeting the family often stop at the

corner ice cream store for a milk shake. They then proceed home to

Ernest Schulzke, director of the Reno (Nevada) Institute of Religion, received his juris doctor degree from the University of Chicago, watch a favorite television show or after which he served as Oregon State Supreme Court law clerk. two. When a friend challenges

them regarding these activities,

62 Improvement Era Jenny says, "Sunday is a day of are advised to wear skirts that are for all who care to see and take rest. This is our way of resting.""long enough to cover the kneecap."note of her measurements. Both

George's occupation requires George knows that as head of the George and Jenny encourage her to that he spend a few late night household he is responsible for compete. When reminded that

sessions at the office. On these encouraging his family to obey the apostles of the Lord have discourrare occasions George has a cup of counsel of the Prophet. Yet he aged such activity as being imcoffee to prevent his falling asleep. says nothing. "I don't see anything modest, George contends that the

When he is questioned about this, wrong with knees,"he explains. brethren merely are expressing

he says, "The Lord isn't going to One of George's teenage sons is their personal opinions. "These I

keep me out of the celestial king- a member of a group of entertainers am not obligated to follow,"says dom for having a few cups of known as the Lads of the Sands. he.

coffee."The entertainment consists of George is aware of the recent

Jenny's daughter is having trouphysical gyrations to a loud, mocall of the Prophet to all members ble fitting seminary into her busy notonous beat, with voices yelling of the Church to fight pornography schedule for the next school year. in the background. While the wherever it may be found. "That is

Jenny advises her that while Lads are performing, some of the one thing I cannot understand,"he seminary certainly is worthwhile, audience engage in a form of body says. "I believe that 'to the pure

it is unnecessary in her situation. movement often referred to as the all things are pure.'"He often atAs an alternative Jenny suggests stomp. On occasion, when the tends movies of borderline charthat her daughter spend an hour music becomes particularly fast and acter that are based on socalled

each day training for the school furious, girls begin to scream and "cute"plots and contain numerous pep team. "The girls get so much swoon. And modesty and dignity "cute"jokes. As use'cf in this condevelopment from their pep team are conspicuous by their absence. nection, the term cute means not

experience,"she explains. "You George has misgivings about his openly vulgar, but rather, subtly

already know enough about the son's participation in such activisuggestive of immoral behavior.

gospel anyway."ties, but he comforts himself in Neither George nor Jenny underJenny and her daughters wear the thought that the boy is better stands why there is a spiritual lack

skirts that do not cover their knees off doing that than associating with in their lives. Could you help them?

when they are standing, much less the teenage gangs in town. These questions may deserve conwhen they are sitting down. Yet George has a beautiful teenage sideration: Do they really love the

George and the entire family are daughter who has participated in a Lord? Are they serving the Lord—

aware that in the booklet For the number of beauty contests, in or are they serving other gods?

Strength of Youth women and girls which she has exhibited her body Where does their allegiance lie? Do

September 1967 63 they really want to know the Lord's ful whether any Latterday Saints cause is a distortion of one's will? Are they willing to subrHit are exactly like them. Yet most of us perspective with an attendant

themselves completely to the Lord? suffer to some degree from their warpage of his sense of values.

Of course George and Jenny B. affliction. The disease may be Robert Louis Stevenson's classic

are not real persons. It is doubtcalled "compartmentalization."The The Strange Case of Doctor Jekyll

and Mr. Hyde is the story of a

man plagued in the extreme by this disease. Dr. Jekyll was a good

Richard L. Evans man, respected and loved. Mr.

Hyde was as despicable a human

The Spoken Word as ever lived. The strangeness of

the case lay in the fact that Dr.

Jekyll and Mr. Hyde were the same

Maturity and Marriage individual. At first the change

from good to bad and back again is for adults only,"1 wrote one eminent author—not was accomplished by potions thatMarriage

necessarily of years, but maturity of attitude—the maturity to Dr. Jekyll developed. After conknow that there aren't any perfect people, that nothing is ever stant usage the potion became unaltogether as anticipated, that the years change us and others. Marriage necessary to effect the change,

requires the maturity to adjust, to forgive, to understand, to be forgiven. which came on involuntarily.

Aside from love, attraction, status, whatever else, marriage requires Eventually Dr. Jekyll became Mr.

faith, character, companionship, and much in common. As to faith: Hyde. That is, his evil side be-

"Every venture requires faith."2 In marriage as in all else, we need came his whole self. The story has

"faith in ourselves; faith in others, [but a faith based] upon reasonable many morals. Dr. Jekyll's case is

grounds."2 As to character: marriage requires the character to be frightful to contemplate. Yet most

moderate, respectful, clean, honest; the character to carry responsibility, of us live to some degree in a

to keep commitments, to provide, to honor obligations, to find or make similar, if much less extreme, com- a future. As to companionship and much in common: marriage requires partmentalized world.

as to standards attitudes, interests, agreement compatible andshared is then, compartmentalizaWhat, just as other beliefs. today?"do love basic each "Will weand we always retion? of teachers used As by

it develop,"is love asked. to continue often must "For question a it ligion, failure to apply means

to grow it must change. Of course there is change. Who could be so with consistency the teachings of

immature as to suppose there would not be change? As you have the gospel to all facets of one's life.

change from childhood and through the years of youth, there will be yet Examples abound: The business-

.. life. attraction "Physical of older the yearsfurther change through great shows compassion. man who

.. in maturity to [change]."sure of love. but is 2 And is one element others toward Sunday, on but who

marriage requires that you love each other not only as you are, but as engages in questionable marketing you will and should and can become. Now as to human failings, as to tactics on weekdays. The seminary

[love] that it is only faults: through... and all have them "We gives we student anall the right who

3 faith, love, character, requires comto Marriage understand."learn in seminary, swers while but who

panionship, and much in common; the maturity to know that there profanes on the football field. The

aren't any perfect people; that there are some who are very wonderful young lady who is a model of

and worthwhile, who can, through all the changes, all the trial and sweetness and affability while at error and even hardship and heartache, bring to marriage the kind of church, but who is a constant character and understanding that can make of it the most enduring source of friction and ill feeling in and deeply satisfying relationship of life. the home. Each plays the game of

fc.'The Spoken Word"from Temple life by different rules at different

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadtimes. Each has compartmentalized

casting System June 11, 1967. Copyright 1967.

his thinking and consequently his

Popenoe, aul Cabot, 2Cornelius Ladies'"HowHomeShallJournal,a YoungFebruaryMan 1942,Decide?"p. 22. behavior.

Ibid.,TheMarchBride:1914,A p. Liability17. sCorinneor anLow,Asset?""Which? Why does this happen? Because

Delineator, June 1919. of rationalization; we talk ourselves

into thinking that our behavior is

64 Improvement Era consistent. The businessman calls them and their greater spiritual B.'s use could be the subject of an

his sharp business practices "clever development. They are their own essay. Only the briefest discussion

marketing techniques."He deceives worst enemies. can be attempted here. At the outhimself into thinking that the Each action and attitude that set, it should be carefully noted

change of name cures the evil. The underlies the rationalization the just what George and Jenny B.

seminary student excuses his profanity by using the old cliche "everybody does it,"thereby imply- * ing that the more people do a bad

Richard L. Evans

thing, the better the bad thing becomes. And the young lady exThe Spoken Word

cuses her unChristian behavior by telling herself that it's really not her fault, that other members of The Importance of Every Person her family are to blame. As Hugh

Nibley has so aptly paraphrased deepest urge in human nature,"said John Dewey, "is theTertullian: "O what a powerful Thedesire to be important."Perhaps in this sense it would be necesreasoner selfinterest is!"Misconsary to define importance. But surely one thing necessary for

ceived selfinterest, we might add. each and all of us is to be needed, to be appreciated as a person, to

As a result of this process, our have a place, to perform a part. And surely in the purposes of God,

lives are fractured into compartand in the compassionate hearts of discerning people, every person is ments, rather than becoming a important, sincerely so. Never take this from anyone. There comes

harmonious whole. We apply difto mind a small child, who, feeling himself belittled and unwanted,

ferent rules to our Church activicried out: "I'm not anything at all."There is no way of placing a

ties from those we apply to our price on a single human life. There is no way of calculating what

everyday pursuits. Gospel princicontribution anyone may make. There is no simple measuring for

ples guide our actions only for men. As the psalmist said it (or asked without answer): "What is man

limited periods. Chameleonlike, that thou art mindful of him?"1 With an eternal past and limitless,

we change to suit our environment, everlasting possibilities, made in the image of the Father of us all, and the norms of the business everyone has an infinite future before him in an everlastingness of world or of the football field belife. The handicapped, the impaired, have their purpose, their place,

come our guide. To allow for this their possibilities. Nor does the brightest pupil always become the best

inconsistency, we feel a need to performing person, nor the prettiest child the happiest later in life. Let

bring our gospel doctrine into line there be no favorites in families, no premature judgment or rejection with our delinquent behavior. Once by friends, no assumption anyplace that one person is important and

more we resort to rationalization, another is not. Let there be no easy giving up by teachers, no assumpwhich may be defined as a contion that one student is worth working with while another is not. Life

scious, reasoned attempt to justify isn't a process simply of sorting out and rejecting some and accepting our failure to do as the Lord others, but rather of recognizing the divine character within each and wishes. all. "To be what we are,"said Robert Louis Stevenson, "and to become

Note the rationalizations used by what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life."To fathers

George and Jenny in the parable. and mothers, to teachers, to friends, to families, to everyone in the

They are stereotypes of answers world: let children, young people, all others, everyone, everywhere, be

that most of us use to evade emmade somehow to know that there is a future for them. "The deepest

barrassing questions about our urge in human nature is the. desire to be important"—each to be able to

behavior. "This is my way of restperform his part. Don't take this from anyone—ever.

ing.""I don't have time on any

other day.""A few cups of coffee * "The Spoken Word"from Temple

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadwon't keep me out of the celestial casting System June 18, 1967. Copyright 1967.

kingdom.""That's their personal

opinion."George and Jenny do iPsalm 8:4.

not realize that these cliches and all that they imply stand between

September 1967 65 WHEN YOU'RE IN HAWAII, ENJOY profess: they desire celestial glory; limited. It should fit within the

ALL THE they believe that the Church is framework of the concept "holy."

true, and that David O. McKay is The scriptures outline numerous

FUN AND the Lord's Prophet; they have a things we are commanded expressly

EXCITEMENT sincere desire to draw closer to the to do on the Sabbath. But what

OF THE Lord. Because of their beliefs and additional activities may be contheir expressed desires, the B.'s sidered holy? An answer may be:

think that they serve the Lord. A "Only those things that make us

more careful scrutiny of their acmore spiritual and allow us to draw tions will throw some doubt on closer to our Heavenly Father."KHHc that conclusion. Prophets of the Lord in our disUnforgettable villages of Tahiti, Fiji, SaWhen Jenny was challenged repensation have given us sound admoa, Tonga, Old Hawaii and Maori New

garding her Sabbath day activities, vice regarding the Sabbath. In

Zealand, open daily except Sundays from she insisted that this was her way a statement published in the 10 a.m. Authentic 2-hour Polynesian muof resting. Too often we look upon Church News, June 27, 1959, the sical pageant evenings. $7.90 includes

the Sabbath as a day of rest, thus First Presidency said, in part: admission, show and buffet dinner. See

your travel agent or write: leaving the door open to any ac- "The Sabbath is not just another

tivities we might choose. The day on which we merely rest from

commandment in question deserves work, free to spend it as our lightcloser scrutiny. It reads, "Rememmindedness may suggest. It is a n ber the Sabbath day, to keep it holy day, the Lord's day, to be

holy."(Exod. 20:8. Italics added.) spent as a day of worship and Culturalfcr Laie.Laie, Oahu.Oahu, CenteiF"

Hawaii Thus the scope of the "rest"that reverence. All matters extraneous

An educational and cultural activity of we allow ourselves is considerably thereto should be shunned.

of Jesus The Church Christ of "... Latterday Saints, with a Latterday Saints

testimony of the Gospel and a knowledge of the spiritual blessings that come from keeping the

SUNDAY selvesSabbath,to makewill neverit a shoppingpermit themday, an activity that has no place in a proper observance of the Holy Day of the Lord...."

Discussions about what is included in the Word of Wisdom are endless. It has been said that if a

given thing is not specifically forbidden by the Word of Wisdom, then it is acceptable for Latterday

Saints. Few would contend, however, that it is good to drink sulfuric

acid because the Lord has not specifically said that it is not good for the body or for the belly. It

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple is obvious that the Word of Wislatest in designs parchments. white and

other dom provides us only the barest napkins, albums, Matching Mormon accessories. One day rush order service. outlines of what we should and

should not take into our bodies. The

Lord expects us to fill in the details by combining our common sense for catalog samples, Send 25c & refunded with his spiritual guidance. How

if order. air mail desired.) (50c on first

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 foolish, then, to debate at length

Name - regarding the letter of the law. Far

Address.

City, Zone. State

66 Improvement Era Our basic responsibility is to prepare the student for a selfreliant life. Perhaps the most important aspect of this selfreliance

is that he acquire the training that will give him a decent livelihood. At the

same time we cannot neglect the broader issues such as the ability to learn to live with other people and to feel some responsibility for preserving our human values for future generations. ] If our students are to understand human values we must

direct their thoughts away from a total concern with themselves and their immediate environment to other times, other peoples, and other places in order that they may see more objectively than would otherwise be possible the failures and achievements in society and in human conduct. The role of the teacher in the university must be to

create humane and enlightened men and women who are capable of carrying the burdens of democracy, who can find fulfillment in their own lives, and who can assist other people in the dangerous but meaningful struggle of

humanity as it seeks to fulfill its great potential.

C. Fletcher, President, University of Utah—James

May we send you information about the ADMISSIONS

Director of Admissions, Park Building, 3227281

SCHOLARSHIPS AND STUDENT LOANS University of Utah Director, Financial Aids and Scholarships, Building 105 (Annex), 3226211

Salt Lake City, Utah 84112 HOUSING

Director of Housing, Ballif Hall, 3226292 (Single Students)

Please write, telephone or come in Manager, University Village, 3226249 (Married Students) and let us answer your questions. GENERAL INQUIRIES

Director of Public Relations, Park Building, 3226773

Fall Quarter Registration—September 22 and 23, 1967

Orientation for New Students begins September 8, 1967 MILITARY OBLIGATIONS AND ROTC

Counselor on Student Military Relations, Orson Spencer Hall, 3227151

THE HONORS PROGRAM Director of the Honors Program, Orson Spencer Hall, 3227383

September 1967 67 better it is to use our powers of merry; nevertheless, fear God—he no harm in this;... and if it so be

reason, augmented by a desire to will justify in committing a little that we are guilty, God will beat know the Lord's will. sin; yea, lie a little, take the advanus with a few stripes, and at last

"And there shall also be many tage of one because of his words, we shall be saved in the kingdom which shall say: Eat, drink, and be dig a pit for thy neighbor; there is of God."(2Ne. 28:8.)

Such reasoning is condemned in the Book of Mormon and is no more * categorydesirable intotoday.whichYet fitsthatGeorge'sis the

Richard L. Evans statement: "The Lord isn't going to

keep me out of the celestial kingof cofThe Spoken Word dom for having a few cups fee."That statement implies that

"a little bit wont hurt."Yet the

The Courage of Quiet Consistency Lord will keep George out of the temple for having a few cups of to the problems of our time: What can or should we do about coffee. Why would he use a lesser

them? Always it seems there is an expectancy that someone will standard for the celestial kingdom?As

rush in and do something dramatic, with some spectacular soluThe prohibition is clear. George is

tion. But often what is needed is the undramatic, an unspectacular deluding and damaging only himhonest performance; thoughtful, sound decisions; the doing of what self. Little things do mean a lot.

daily needs to be done—a quality that requires a special kind of A favorite rationalization in concourage, moral courage: "The courage to do one's duty,"as Samuel nection with the Word of Wisdom

Smiles said it. "If men and women do not possess this virtue,"he said, is that we should be moderate in

"they have no security whatever for the preservation of any other,... all things. The implication here is

But the greater part of the courage that is needed... is not of a that complete abstinence is undeheroic kind.... but the courage to be what we really are,... the sirable because it is not moderate.

courage to live honestly within [our] own means, rather than disSurely no one would contend that honestly upon the means of other people;"1 the courage quietly to say when the Lord said "Thou shalt not

no to wrong, yes to right; the courage not to succumb to extreme kill"and "Thou shalt not steal,"he

and phrenetic fashions; the courage of quiet consistency. Rebellion, meant that killing and stealing done

moral deviation, departure from principles, defiance of the laws of life in moderation are good. Some acthese don't offer any answer and never led to a fruitful, sound, or tivities are forbidden even in

happy life for anyone anywhere, ever. The facts, the consequences, moderation.

the laws of life sooner or later have to be faced. "A man must have Jenny's advice to her daughter

the courage to be himself,... think his own thoughts,... and form not to enroll in a seminary class

his own convictions..."* to be enduring and quietly, courageously reveals a basic misunderstanding of

consistent. Since there are problems, and since life is precious, and the purpose of seminary, as well as

since quick, easy, spectacular solutions are not probable, we would the merits of religious education.

well learn to live by the basic rules, the virtues, the commandments Assuming that pep team is a worthGod has given, with the courage to prepare, to perform, to improve, while activity, an important questo repent; to work, to wait—with patience, with cleanliness, dignity, tion remains unanswered. Should

honor, and sincere consistency. "Do your duty to the best of your power, such activity preempt education in

win the approbation of your conscience,"said Sir John Pakington, "and spiritual things? The question

popularity, in its best and highest sense, is sure to follow."2 Blessed could be more broadly stated:

is he who is competent and responsible, honest and sensible, and goes should any activity preempt educaquietly about his business, tion in spiritual things? Can one

ever "know enough about the gos- "The Spoken Word"from Temple pel"? Jenny thinks her daughter and the BroadSquare, presented over KSL Columbia

casting System June 25, 1967. Copyright 1967. does.

'Samuel Smiles, Character. 2Sir John Pakington, Implicit in this statement is an

quoted in Character, by Samuel Smiles. incorrect assumption: that an intellectual knowledge of gospel

68 Improvement Era doctrine of itself constitutes a knowledge of the gospel. Intellectual acquaintance with the scriptures, intimate though it may be,

does not make anyone a Saint.

Spirituality comes only through religious experience.

One never can learn enough about spiritual verities. It is to

provide religious experience that prophets of the Lord have organized and carried forward the

Church program in religious education. Four years of seminary are

provided during the high school years. The training is optional.

The student and his parents must decide how valuable they think (U and I home economist) says religious education is. Religious

instruction also constitutes part of the curriculum at Church colleges, and is offered through institutes ofreligion on a Churchwide basis. At Peaches

the institute, college students may study religion, as well as make social contacts with other young and Pears of the Church.people

The overriding purpose of this are now eightyear program in religious education is not limited to providing intellectual knowledge about the RIPE 'N READYgospel. It is to provide young

people with the motivation to obFruit to pack in lunches... slice for salads... serve

tain meaningful religious experiwith cheese...or eat fresh, topped with pure U and I

ence. It is to help them grow

spiritually.

The Lord's Prophet repeatedly Mill has stated that there is no education U and I Sugar puts the "magic of as important as spiritual education. \ Sugarplum Land"in every jar of

It is for this reason that he has jam or jelly you make, every bottle encouraged all young people of of fruit you put up... or freeze.

high school and college age to avail It preserves color, flavor, and themselves of these programs. Since texture. Commercial canners and

spiritual development is most imfreezers will tell you it's the finest portant, Jenny's advice that her partner you can find for locally grown fruits.daughter not enroll in seminary SUGAR

clearly was misguided. Had Jenny

analyzed her advice in light of her FINE GRANULATE avowed desire to draw closer to her

Heavenly Father, her comments to

UMBIII'her daughter would have been,,***"substantially changed.

(To be continued) U and I SUGAR COMPANY Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah;

near Idaho Falls, Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

September 1967 69 &%a& (Ss&GaftrasfbKfcm <&&<m*i&a!cs\&?>m<x

The chart and table that folMajor Genealogical low contain the major genealogical record sources of

Germany. are The sources Record Sources In

listed, together with of type record, period covered, type of information given, and MAJOR SOURCE AVAILABILITY BY CENTURY source availability.

Table A shows at a glance the CENTURY record sources available for a TYPE OF RECORD 13th 14th 15th 16th 17th 18th 19th 20th research problem in a par- 1. Civil Registration

ticular century. 2. Passenger Lists

Table B provides more detailed information about the 3. City Directories

major records available, For 4. Emigration Records

example, if a pedigree problem 5. Police Registers

is in the 17th century, a quick indication can be obtained 6. Parish Register Transcripts

from Table A of the sources 7. Parish Registers

available for that period. Ref- 8. Funeral Sermons

erence to Table B will then provide more complete infor- 9. Apprentice and Guild Records

mation. 10. Schools and Universities

11. House Books

12. Census Records

13. Burgher Rolls

14. Wills & Probate Records

15. Deeds & Other Land Records. ''.:

MAJOR SOURCES CHRONOLOGICALLY ARRANGED

TYPE OF PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY RECORD COVERED 1. CIVIL 1876 Birth registers: date and place of birth; names, Civil records of some of the larger

REGISTRAto present residence, and occupation of parents cities on film (Genealogical Society);

TION (1798 to for all other places write to the civil (Standesamtspresent for Marriage registers: names, ages, residence, registrar (standesamt) of the town in

Register) that part of occupation of bride and groom; date and place question

Germany of marriage, names, residence, occupation of under French parents; names of witnesses and person who NOTE. It is difficult to obtain ceradministra- performed ceremony tificates from behind the Iron Curtain

tion during Napoleonic Death registers: name, age, sometimes place of

times—the birth, date and place of death, occupation,

area west of name of surviving spouse, name and residence the Rhine of informant, cause of death, sometimes names river) of parents, sometimes names of children 2. LISTSPASSENGER. to1837present only:Personsdateembarkingof embarkation,from porthusband'sof Hamburgfull Hamburg)HamburgStateArchive(Staatsarchiv

(Schiffsoder name, place of origin, occupation, and age;

Passagiergiven names and ages of wife and children, NOTE. Similar records for the port

listen) sometimes port of destination ofWWBremenII were destroyed during 3. CITY Early 19th C Names and addresses City archives and local libraries; few

DIRECTORto present (GS) IES (Adressbuecher)

Improvement Era

3*ffia<:g<3ggg <&&&t<tt<>/S&<

GERMANVTYPE OF PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY RECORD COVERED 4. EMIGRAEarly 19th C Name of emigrant, date and place of birth, State archives {Staatsarchiv): BreTION RECto present place of residence, occupation, sometimes men, Darmstadt, Altona, Stuttgart,

ORDS country of destination; given names and ages Wiesbaden, Marburg

(Auswanderof wife and children e His ten) 5. POLICE 1830 to The police registers were established for the Town office for registration (EinwohREGISTERS present control of the movements of the population; nermeldeamt)—this office can always

(Einwohnernames and sometimes other identifying data supply the address of a person living meldelisten) in the town concerned 6. PARISH Bavaria: Same as parish registers, see no. 7 Local and state archives

REGISTER 1807 TRANSto present SCRIPTS MecklenoOoc5< Same as parish registers, see no. 7 Local and state archives [GXP (Kirchenburg: 1740 buecher

to present )rX3QQOQJ Zweitschriften) Prussia: Same as parish registers, see no. 7 Local and state archives

to present WuerttemSame as parish registers, see no. 7 Protestant: Landeskirchliches Arberg: 1808chiv, Stuttgart

Catholic: Staatsarchiv, Ludwigsburg \

7. PARISH Catholic: Christenings or births: name, date, and place Many on film (GS), especially the

REGISTERS 1563 to presof birth of child; parents'names, residence, area west of the Rhine river; the

(Kirchenent; some occupation; names of godparents Province of Mecklenburg on film

buecher) earlier (GS); the parish registers for the

Marriages: names, ages, date and place of remainder of Germany are in local

Protestant: marriage; names of parents; sometimes occuparishes except for a few in church

since the Repations archives; many church records were

formation destroyed during the 30 Years War,

Deaths and burials: name, date, age, place of 16181648

Reformed death, and place of burial of deceased; someChurch: times names of spouse, parents, children

to present 8. FUNERAL 16th C to Name and age of the deceased, names of text In printed book form, primarily in

SERMONS 18th C of kin and other identifying data Protestant churches; local and state

(Leichenarchives; some (GS)

predigten) 9. TICEAPPRENAND 16th19thC namesName, ofresidence,parents ofoccupationapprentice;ofnameapprentice;of emLocal city or state archives

GUILD ployer RECORDS (Zunft-, Lehrlings-und Gesellenbuecher)

16th19th C Name, age, place of residence of student Local city or state archives 10. SCHOOLS

AND UNIVERSITIES ( UniversitaetsMatrikeln) 11. HOUSE 16th19th C History of houses, giving names, occupations, Local city or state archives

BOOKS and social and economic status of owners of ( Haushouses buecher)

o DJ6S>ts<3K3><f> J&&4&\A<

September 1967 OF TYPE PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY COVERED RECORD 12. CENSUS Mecklenburg: Originally called Tax and Tithing Records State archive at Schwerin, East

RECORDS 14961900 (Steuerund Zehntregister): name, age, place Germany

( Volkszaehat varying of origin, occupation, residence

Uingslisteri) intervals Mecklenburg: Same as above On film (GS), 150 pages

16771689 at varying intervals Mecklenburg: Same as above On film (GS), cataloged by localities

SchleswigSame as above On film (GS), cataloged by town and

Holstein: district

18031860 Other areas: Same as above Various city and state archives

16th18thC 13. BURGHER 13th19th C Name, sometimes age, social and economic Local city or state archives; a few

ROLLS status of burgher; some printed burgher rolls burgher rolls in print (GS)

[Buergercontain genealogies of burghers buecher) 14. WILLS & 13th C Name and sometimes age of testator, residence, Local courthouses (amtsgericht) or

PROBATE to present legatees or heirs, relationships, description of state archives

RECORDS land and property, date of will and probate, (Testamente) signature, witnesses 15. DEEDS & 7th C Name, date of deed, residence, consideration, Local courthouses and state archives;

OTHER to present description of land, witnesses, sometimes relasee Wuerttemberg Urkundenbuch

LAND RECtionships, economic status

ORDS (Grundbuecher, Kaufbuecher, Ueberschreibungen, etc.)

7Q/3l@BJ}2&'><i9!&SV(Zf>t

A NewChurchCumculumPolicy

The General Authorities recently announced the following "Several advantages should result from this action, decision, which should be brought to the attention of including the fact that curriculum materials can be all Church leaders and teachers: correlated more easily and effectively if they are all started

at the same time. Also, it should be easier for young

people to start their new courses of study in the Church at "All Church curriculum programs, both priesthood and the same time as they begin their new school year.

auxiliary, will start together each year at approximately

The fact that Church curriculum programs will not the same time as the public schools begin in that area. This

normally begin in the southern hemisphere until means, for example, that classes in the priesthood approximately six months after they are introduced in quorums, Sunday School, Primary, and MIA will all start the northern hemisphere will also allow for the new courses at the same time of the year. This will

needed materials to be mailed and distributed.

generally mean that the Church curriculum programs in the northern hemisphere will begin on September 1, and "Any necessary change or adjustment from the announced the programs in the southern hemisphere will begin six program should be approved by the stake president or months later on March 1. the mission president of the area involved."

72 Improvement Era We tell students that the best way to get ahead in this world is to stay put.

Stay in school, complete your education. our future leaders.

all This to a is the job good and way the So them by helping now, everybody it that rewards (and don't with come we us) (including will benefit mean just the financial ones). That is later.

the message we put across whenever we We believe that our careercounseling go to high schools and counsel students sessions, and the scholarships, fellowships on their careers. and college grants we provide, are

encouraging more young people to

Why do we do this? complete their education.

We realize that the greatest natural Standard Oil is trying to help young people resource any country can have is its young discover more about themselves..

people. From their ranks will emerge and the world they live in.

The Chevron—

of excellence Standard Oil Company of California Sign and its worldwide family of Chevron Companies

September 1967 73 Race friction, crime, divorce... problems

that affect you Earn 3 semester hours of B.Y.U.

credit while you study the major crimes,of today... by enrolling in

Sociology 112X. You will survey the

causes of social friction, crime, divorce.. alleviation and prevention

programs.

Act today. Fill out the coupon below for your

free catalog listing 295 Home Study courses.

HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send your Home Study Catalog to:

NAME ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP CODE

Scriptural and genealogical maps,

ward library Outfit your cost. reasonable at Tourific! atlases,cabinets.with the librarybest books, supplies,

Call or write now for additional information (address below).

SALES REPRESENTATIVES WANTED Call on schools, libraries, bookstores, churches in Western and

Pacific states, offering established, nationally known products. Prefer

MEXICO callingbondable,on experiencedthese markets,personsor nowreFull or parttime; educators. Air: Leaves October 6; Returns 14 & 20 tired

Perinvestment. commission. No

HAWAII manent,personal lucrativeinterview,opportunity.send resume,For

October 13 state territory interest to

November 17 December 28 Enterprise West, Inc.

3639 Hermes Circle City, Utah 84117 Salt Lake TEMPLE TOUR 2771545 (801)

October 23 NEW ENGLAND Fall Foliage September Hitch Your For all travel and ticketing arrangements, \l Wagon To A

GARET LoZ? The single unit multipurpose visual aid TRAVEL INC. >V

110 East 2nd South # Home Teaching Ward and Stake

Relief Society Executive Control a Lake City, Utah, Salt Teaching Systems Systems -2r 8981 485 or call for details Write 6733136 George, 3994587 St. Ogden,

Falls, Idaho 5222581 Manage Aid Logan 2456584

Mesa 9645283 Salt 4308Lake City,ShirleyUtahLane84117 2773995 2550797

74 Improvement Era VITAL ENERGY FOR FAMILY FUN

A mother's plea to her son about his mission.

Gift A

Vital energy from 100% whole grain Entrusted flour. Stone grind it yourself—add to

your family fun—increase your enjoyment

of life. Bake your bread, rolls and cakes

with all the natural vitato a mins of the whole grain in the flour you use. WRITE TODAY

Buy a LEE MILL FOR FULL Missionary Let your family judge. INFORMATION

Send for 5 lbs. Deaf

By Genevieve Van Wagenen Smith County Whole AND FREE

Grain Flour, only $1.50, RECIPES.

Michael, your mission is almost here. Tomorrow, StoneMill. Ground in a Lee

bright and early, you will enter the Mission Home for a week of intensive training and preparation. LEE ENGINEERINGDept. IE-9-67 COMPANY

Following this you will board a jet liner and wing your 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

way over the broad Atlantic to England.

Son, we have a gift for you to take to the people of the Northeast British Mission. You might call it

an heirloom; it has been in our family for more than GENEALOGY

a hundred years. Your parents, grandparents, and greatgrandparents have treasured it above all else. PICTURES

r -.ii Many sacrifices have been made for it. It is more SEND ANY SIZE ORIGINAL PHOTO

valuable than precious gems, gold, silver, or lands. (OR NEGATIVE) AND ONLY

It is to be treasured more than fine china, sterling, silks, or luxurious furs. It is to be desired more $1.00

than stocks and bonds or bulging bank accounts. FOR

Because it is so priceless, we have taught you from your early childhood to treasure it. We have

taught you to esteem it highly, to regard it with care BEAUTIFUL BLACK & WHITE and prudence, and to never neglect it, mistreat it, GENEALOGY SIZE REPRINTS dishonor it, or leave it undefended or unprotected. AND ONE 5X7

BLACK AND WHITE ENLARGEMENT You have been wise, cautious, and obedient. You ORIGINAL RETURNED UNhave proved yourself worthy. We trust you with this HARMED

precious gift. Now we want you to take it and VERYPREPAIDFASTBACKSERVICETO YOU

share it with the people of Great Britain. Tell them

of the joy and happiness it has brought us. Teach

them its value. Show them its proper use. Help SEND EXTRA MONEY IF RETURN BY

them to be as proud of it as we are. INSURED MAIL IS DESIRED.

Michael, take the gospel of Jesus Christ to these people. Take this gift more precious than life itself.

it, live to love to Help them to cherish it, and it! 1$m/Settee\ CORPORATION

all with be other missionaries you and God May who are entrusted with this priceless gift. O

P.O. BOX 2307 DEPT. E9

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110

September 1967 75 Food, Lodging, Entertainment Suggestions f

Welcome to one of SLC's You'll always SATISFY that CRAVING for REAL HONESTto-GOODNESS ICE finer places CREAM whenever you "TREAT"yourself to to stay.

TEMPLE SQUARE DISTINCTIVE"Sifteffit} yceueont

Modern *CoffeeTelevisionShops* AirandconditionedDining Rooms Famous for FANTASTIC Ice Cream Creations

Rotei. Singlet * Twini 00 l>p S3 $6.00 gp * Doubles $10.00 up 36 Incomparable Flavors Teletype collect Retorvotions accepted 1*2405 80 1-5?

Remember, your visit to SALT LAKE CITY is not complete until you visit Snelgroves

AMERICA'S FINEST ICE CREAM STORES 75W.it Tempi.

SouthSalt lake City C1AHENCE L WEST, Mt.nog.i- PHONE 850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple

/NPAPKIIVG IHeh DRIVE FREE

parking at any Grant Auto Park in town. Also frctt

35S2961 OPEN 10 A.M. to MIDNIGHT CLOSED SUNDAYS Always Rewarding

Salt Thelnternational Lake House of Pancakes City's Restaurants Salt Lake City, Utah Finest 141 East 3rd South

PANCAKE HOUSE 3283538 Pancake House Open 6:00 a.m.-12.00 p.m. Open Daily—7 A.M. to Midnight

Sun. thru Thurs. Friday, Saturday: 7 A.M. 2 A.M.

6:00 a.m.-l:00 a.m.

Fri. and Sat.

VISIT HOGLE ZOO Over 600 mammals, birds and reptiles on exhibit.

SUMMER BIBLICAL AND HISTORICAL 9:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. Small charge WAX MUSEUM

FAMILY FOR FUN PARTIES CHOICE DINNERSWEDDING half block Located south of TemTHE YEAR 'ROUND PRIVATE PARTIES

Street, 36 Richards—Square Ave. ple Sunnyside 2600

THE DOLL HOUSE (850 So.) Salt Lake City, Utah. Open daily

Main, 1500 South on Salt Lake City, to 10:30 8:30 a.m. p.m. Including Utah/CN

Phone 4667551 322163] Salt Lake City, Utah %**m? Telephone holidays. Stirring Sundays and

moments from biblical history stories from the Book of MorVILLAGE CAFE and are realistically portrayed mon "Home of the Villager"in lifelike color and lifelike diHomemade Pie mension through the wonders of uli ii.i'.iAiiiNHrilliUii.iiiii,'310 N. Highway 91 North Salt Lake wax sculpture.

1000 South State Phone 3281261 Phone 2956871

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

76 Improvement Era or Salt Lake City Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

LEGEND

Peace and Liberty and Law 1. HOTEL TEMPLE

SQUARE utmost importance in all the issues and in all the aspects 75 West South Temple of life are selfcontrol and liberty and law. And always to be Oftaught, and never to be forgotten, is that liberty is preserved 2. SNELGROVE'S

850 East 21st South by law. But sometimes we seem to have remembered freedom more

222 East South Temple than selfcontrol, liberty more than the law. As we live together, as

3. VILLAGE INN we serve and receive service in a world where physically we come ever

2929 South State closer, always we have to have selfcontrol, always we have to live our lives with law as well as with liberty. Always we have to consider

4. PANCAKE HOUSE the rights, the privileges, the protection of others, with an awareness

141 East 3rd South that we have no right to do anything we want, or to take anything 5. WAX MUSEUM we want, or irresponsibly to say anything we want, or to contaminate

36 Richards Street the water others use, or pollute the air where others are, or disturb the peace that others have, or intrude upon their rightful privacy, or 6. DOLL HOUSE contaminate the moral atmosphere, or to live uninhibited lives. We

1518 South Main have to consider others always. "The solution for delinquency,"said

7. HOGLE ZOO N. Eldon Tanner, "is for adults to honor the law of God and the law of

2600 Sunnyside Avenue the land; to cultivate in youth an understanding and respect for the

(850 South) rules of civilized living, which make an orderly society possible. A

substitute for is the civilized of the acceptance voluntary law riots and 8. INN RAMADA

inclined to terror."1 Cecil are too B. DeMille State chaos and South 1000 said: "We

think of law... as the opposite of liberty. But that is a false concep-

9. VILLAGE CAFE tion.... [God] made man free..,. With divine daring, He gave us

Highway North 91 310 the power of choice.... We cannot break the... commandments. We Salt North Lake

can only break ourselves against them.'"2 The laws, the commandments,

10. HOLIDAY INN are still there. It is ourselves we hurt when we fail to keep them—with

3040 South State all the consequences. But unfortunately when we hurt ourselves, we

>,/North Salt Lake hurt others also. The greatest threat to liberty is lawlessness. And

TEMPLE SQUARE B South Temple the greatest assurance of liberty is respect for law. God grant us the

(TJll courage, the common sense to observe, to enforce, to live by law, that we may have peace—personal peace and world peace—through law.

Sunnyside Ave.

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple,

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broad- < casting System July 9, 1967. Copyright 1967.

21st South President1967, p. N.2. Eldon2Cecil Tanner,B. DeMille,ChurchBrighamNews, YoungTuly 8,

University Commencement Address, 1957.

Mormons in a Far Land By Val Camenish Wilcox Ababa, Ethiopia) (Addis HOLIDAY INN those blessed Sabbath mornings, Once a week

Specialty—Authentic Mexican Those meetings where but several people came,

Food Recalled the words of Jesus, our Redeemer:

Private Dining Available Room So. 4679881 "Where two or three are gathered in my name, State Phone /T7N3040

There am 1 also."As we felt his spirit,

Our everyday abodes chapels became.

September 1967 77 Perfect for

Teachers,

Students,

Missionaries,

and

You!

The old adage that "boys are made of snips and snails and puppy dogs'tails"is not the measure by by John D. Hawkes

which to judge a boy today. No book has ever been

Send $2.00 to able to correctly classify a boy, since boys are always

HAWKES PUBLICATIONS unpredictable. But Mark Twain, in his books about

P.O. Box 8224, Salt Lake City, Utah 84108 Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, helps to reveal the

"Quizettes"Also—history on LDS Church 300—Flash$3.00Cards spirit of young boys.

A boy is what he is because he unconsciously seeks to mold his life after a pattern. Because the adjustments that he must make are difficult, a boy appreciates the patience and understanding of a man who

establishes a pattern for the boy to follow. Each

POSITION CLASSIFICATION & boy, then, should be a challenge for a youth leader.

PAY ADMINISTRATION SYSTEMS An understanding approach to each individual can

Industry Government Small Business do much to bring stability to to adolescent.

Economical - Practical Write or Call for Literature MANAGE AID A good approach to this problem is to think of a out, seektall, and growing Shirley boy Lane 4308 as a tree—reaching

Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 ing sunlight. the to Nature can be a good teacher 2773995 2550797

boy who is reaching, growing, and seeking.

TREEOF-LIFE STONE -i-Hl*L.. The youth leader can aid in the spiritual growth

Decorative of young boys by providing them with opportunities

Plaque >v\ \ to observe the mountain peaks and scenic views. Missionary

tool Our pioneers discovered the beauties and wonders

Teaching aid Authentic scaled reof nature during great hardships, but received productions of the or strength of mind and body from nature. "Tree of Life"

"Lehi Stone"(Stella 5, Izapa). This scripture in stone,

discovered in Mexico, is "external evidence"of the of Life. Tree and of the Book of Mormon trail his with To the boy the same who follows

free Ph.D., Jakeman, Wells BYU, Dr. M. Booklet—withby

of Stone. purchase spirit, real a challenge. there is adventurous He

ppd. Stone is 7"x9". $9.95

residents California tax has little difficulty in keeping on the trail if he has add 5%

El Monte Charitable Enterprises found the beauty and strength in nature through 3222 Utah Avenue, El Monte, California 91731 contact with the great outof-doors. He needs these 9k

natural contacts more than ever today, in order to 50 FOOD STORAGE have good physical and mental balance.

BOOKLET There never was a time when masculine comWhat Should We Store? panionship was more needed by young boys. The

Storing to Prevent Spoilage youth leader who provides experiences in the outof-

Notes on Specific Foods doors will gain strength and purpose along with the

Rotate Your Perishables, Etc, young boys. His time, patience, and efforts will

Group Rates Available be richly rewarded.

Are you a "Man Wanted"? O W. D. BATCHELOR

61 Beacon Ave.

LAYTON, UTAH 84041

78 Improvement Era HUNTERS SPORTSMEN OUTDOORSMEN Camp the NEW and EASY Way with BLAZER—the trail bike that gets

a KARTEL. The completely functional YOU where the GAME is and brings

car topper. you both back.

comfortable, double bed. The new BLAZER Open—aroomy

Closed a beautiful, streamlined luggage carrier

ARDCO, 255 West South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101. (801) 3223262

YES... I am interested in becoming a

BLAZER DEALER [] I am interested in a distributorship

KARTEL DEALER fj Please send me more information

Name

Address

City State

Phone Occupation

Proven Successful... Reassuring!

FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN PermaPak 1-year plan is easy, economical!

Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole year's balanced food supply. Choose from

PermaPak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"dry and dehydraled foods... such as wheat, flour,

fruits, vegetables, onions, potatoes, gelatin desserts... and exciting new meat substitutes

and freezedried foods... for tasty, nutritious,

lowcost meals.

SEND COUPON FOR FULL DETAILS 'Store Food Today for a Rainy Day"

Surdiscover Family PermaPak's: Also—East South 40 PERMAPAK, 2430

vival Kits Emergency and Camping Food Salt City, Lake Utah 84115

Kits Grinders, Electric Grain and Hand Please FREE, me, the following: send

etc. Mixers, Bread

Food Storage Plan CATALOG Survival Kit and Camping PERIVIAPAK INFORMATION 40 E. 2430 So., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 Group Discounts/FundRaising PLAN

4869671 Phone (8C1) Residents of Southern California contact: My Name

The Wheat Kernel, 7554 Katella Avenue, Address

Stanton, Calif. 90680—Phone 6351352 City State Zip

RAISE $40, ATTENTION SCANDINAVIANS 200,400 Church or Group with I1 for your 6-in-1 KitchenHousehold Shears Do you have a family Coat of Arms, Seal,

America's favorite fundraiser, Anna or Insignia?

group your help Wade, this 6-in-l homeraise with needed moneywill blades Staysharp helper. A We can reproduce or research. maker's

light wire, vegetables, poultry, cut files all contain and Danish Norwegian lid Our serve as screw driver, Handles

Insignia record bottle plus opener. on prycr, many accompanying

YOU DON'T SPEND U. Anna family genealogies.

ships Shears 100 ON 10 members HaveBy Ray Merrill WadeCREDIT. Write for FREE information. $1 each. for 10 shears each sell

Return $60, keep $40 for treasury. Mail post your card VIKING HERALDICS details fundraising free for

on KitchenHousehold Shears Box 497 Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Anna Wade, Dept.364DT

Lynchburg, Va. 24505.

September 1967 79 Melchizedek Priesthood

Really, Throughout the past year priesthood leadership of

Brother the home teaching program in stakes and wards has

ducting private interviews with parents, in the Home Teacher... been taught the desirability of home teachers'conabsence of their children, to establish clear lines of

communication and understanding. The benefits of

such action are manifold, but especially is it important to reduce the plateau of mediocrity that can threaten the quality of home teaching, as it did with ward teaching before it. Are When the home teacher directly confronts the

father of the home with a carefully worded question to ascertain his ambitions and hopes for his children, the reply most often answers for the home teacher You not only what subject matter he should teach in the home, but also how he should proceed to accomplish it with the consent and active cooperation of the parents. Meeting This communication is deemed so essential that the

Priesthood Home Teaching Committee has worked from both ends, from the bottom up and from the top down, to accomplish this goal during the past year. the

Instruction in the regional meetings for stake presidencies has included the advisability of such private meetings with parents. Furthermore, the article "A

New Dimension in Home Teaching"(The ImproveNeeds of ment Era, October 1966) contained the appeal to parents to approach their home teachers directly and volunteer their hopes and aspirations, in order to reduce the customary time lag during which home teachers are "guessing"as to the intentions and desires of the parents in homes to which they are assigned. It

is anxiously hoped that between these two approaches by parents and home teacher to one another, this message of stimulated communication will bear results in 1967.

Suppose a father and mother have followed the counsel recommended in the Era article and have Your revealed their family weaknesses, their most fervent hopes, and their family goals for the current year.

What would the wise, wellmotivated home teacher do to respond to such a serious challenge set before fkmilies? him by these sincere, concerned parents?

According to the apostle Paul, the linkage between the home and the leadership of the kingdom connects God to man. "But I would have you know, that

"Unless men in the world become good, the head of every man is Christ; and the head of the

... the world will never become better."woman is the man; and the head of Christ is God."

Henry Van Dyke (1 Cor. 11:3.)

80 Improvement Era From this scripture it is simple for the home teacher home teacher pinpoint some of these problems.

to construct a chart for the family, showing God, our Here is his tenquestion quiz. It is appropriate

Heavenly Father, at the top rung; under him is his for many families and could be useful in its present

Son, Jesus Christ; and under him is the man or father form, or it could be adapted easily by home teachers

of the house, who in turn presides over the woman to meet the problems and situations in the homes and (mother) and the children in the home. He does so families to which they are assigned.

because of the priesthood he holds, which power is Test for Family Members generously shared with the righteous helpmate at his side. As the male children come of age and grow in (Answer each question yes or no.)

worthiness, they will also hold the priesthood. Because of the ancient patriarchial order, described 1. At least once a week do I volunteer to assist with

historically in the Old Testament, the father will the work in the home?

always preside over his home and over all of his 2. At least once a month do I participate in some

children. activity as a member of the family?

With such a chart, the leading role of the father can 3. Do I occasionally bring home a surprise?

be emphasized. It is intended that the father will 4. Do I participate in family prayer at least once

be magnified in the eyes of his wife and children, a day?

and such a lesson can greatly enhance the rapport that 5. At least once a day do I try to be thoughtful

must exist between the father and the home teacher. and considerate to another member of the family?

Having built up the father to the leadership of the 6. Do I find time to read the scriptures at least

family, it is now only a short step to encourage him once a week?

to begin to actually assume this leadership, such as in 7. Do I always remember family birthdays and

conducting the family home evening each week and anniversaries?

teaching spiritual lessons to his children. 8. Do I regularly show the ladies of the home the

Before arriving at the home, the home teacher courtesies due them?

should have in mind the specific goals of these parents 9. Do I make it a practice never to embarrass

who have privately communicated with him their members of the family in front of others?

sacred hopes and ambitions for their family. Now, 10. Do I consider others in the family in making

having again established in the minds of the family my plans?

members the presiding role of the father in the home, Count all yes answers.

the family is correlated and ready for the particular project outlined and requested by the parents. Score: 8 to 10 = Adding to the enjoyment and

Let us suppose that the ambition nearest to the growth of family hearts of these parents was to reduce family frictions 5 to 7 = Just holding your own and to establish a spirit of love and harmony toward Under 5 = Not carrying your own weight one another in the home—a worthy goal that many

Latterday Saint families could strive to accomplish Home teaching is much more than a monthly social in 1967. How would the home teacher best attack visit. Home teachers have the sacred responsibility

this challenge? of preparing their assigned families to be worthy to

To be successful, any approach must include solicitenter into the presence of God. If this preparation is

ing the cooperation of each member of the family, or to take place, priesthood holders must grapple with the project would be doomed to failure. To involve the most urgent problems parents face in every home.

each child and member of the family, one wise home Time is of the chief essence. Tomorrow is not

teacher used the questionnaire method. He took time guaranteed to anyone. It will take courageous, dediin his visit to give a short, confidential tenquestion cated, wise, and discreet effort. It can be done. It

written quiz to each family member, and he then is being done by many. It must be done now by all

summarized privately the results. The quiz questions priesthood brethren enaged in what President David

were designed to probe the reasons for the family's O. McKay has called the "divine service"of a home

unhappy relationships, and the results helped the teacher. O

September 1967 81 Presiding Bishopric's Rage

"Come On,<Don,<Brfng 'Emln!"

Don picked up the bat and Don looked at his father for a moment, then walked quickly to the plate. He turned toward his room as many thoughts entered

shuffled back and forth until he his mind.

was comfortable in his stance. The The thoughts of the preceding ball game and his

pitcher, noticeably tense, looked gamewinning home run, which had occupied his intently at the batter and got mind a few minutes before, had now been set aside, ready to go into his stretch. The and he began reviewing some of the things that

sky was growing darker, and the were to him more important than anything else. As

warm summer air was beginning he thought of meeting with the bishop, he remembered to look a little murky. The game the time just a little over a year ago when he had met

no doubt would be "called because with the bishop to be interviewed regarding his deof darkness"after this inning. sires to accept the responsibilities of the Aaronic

There were two outs, one man on first, and Don's Priesthood. To him, that was the biggest event of his

team was trailing by a single run. Yet his team life. His father and mother had talked to him many

sensed a hope of victory because Don was up to bat. times about the blessings and responsibilities of the

With tension in the air, it was hard to realize that priesthood.

these were only neighborhood kids in Jenkins'vacant Don remembered what his father had told him field playing their nightly ball game. as they had walked home after their first priesthood

The pitcher began his windup and came through meeting together. He had said, "Don, I don't know

with a pitch that had a little extra on it; there was how a father could be more proud of a son than I am

no question about the final score the moment the of you today. You are a bearer of the priesthood of

ball met Don's bat. The ball was carried up and God. Don't ever forget that, wherever you are or

beyond the irrigation ditch that substituted for whatever you may be doing."

the home run fence in center field. As Don came As Don thought of his father's words, tears welled

across home plate, even the opposition congratuup in his eyes as they had done on that day. He

lated him. The game was over; the boys picked loved his father and tried to live according to his

up the bats, put their gloves under their arms, and counsel. He had always been proud to be a bearer

started home. of the priesthood.

They reached Don's home first, and as the "seeyou- After Don had prayed that night, he lay in bed with laters"were being exchanged, Don walked in the similar thoughts.

door. His father was on the phone calling the home The next evening, Don and his parents drove over

teachers in his elders quorum to make appointments to the chapel. They entered the building and sat on

for oral evaluations. Don could hear his mother in some chairs outside the closed door of the bishop's

the kitchen. As he approached her, she turned from office. Within a few minutes, Bishop Walker came

the sink, smiled, and said, "Hi, there. While you were out of his office. He greeted Don's parents and then

out 'tying up'the pennant, Brother White, the ward shook Don's hand and asked him to come in. Don's

clerk, called and said the bishop would like to meet parents were informed that they would be asked to with you tomorrow evening at seven in his office. come into his office in a few minutes.

Your Dad and I are to come, too."As Don walked in, he was greeted by Bishop

Don was slightly startled and asked, "Did Brother Walker's counselors.

White say what it was about?"For the next few minutes, Bishop Walker questioned

By this time his father was off the phone and had Don as to his personal worthiness and his love for the picked up the last part of the conversation. He Lord. When the bishop was satisfied concerning

answered, "No, Brother White didn't say, but it's Don's complete qualification, he said, "Don, we have possible the Lord has some responsibility for you."asked you to come here tonight to call you to a work

82 Improvement Era that the Lord wants you to perform."person who serves as president of that quorum?"

Don sensed a thrill run through him as he listened. "Well, Don,"began Brother Hanks, "the specific

"Bishop,"he said, "I'm willing to do anything that responsibilities of this office are included in the handthe Lord wants me to do."book that is given to each quorum president. I'll

The bishop smiled at his counselors, turned to Don, refer to some of them: You, with your counselors,

and said, "We were sure you'd respond that way. would preside over all weekly quorum meetings. You

And Don, the position that we feel inspired to call you would visit the sick and inactive members of the to is the most important responsibility that can be quorum. As a presidency, you would meet with your

given to a young man of your age."adviser and plan your activities, determine assignDon, sensing the seriousness in the bishop's voice, ments, and review the records of each boy. The

looked intently at him. quorum presidency must also meet with each newly

"Don, the Lord wants you to preside 'Over the ordained deacon and explain the responsibilities of a deacons quorum of our ward. But before you respond deacon and the opportunities for exercising his

to this call, let me tell you how important and how priesthood, and have him commit himself to do his vital the position of deacons quorum president is."duty and to uphold the standards of the Church after

The bishop reached for the Doctrine and Covenants, they have been reviewed with him. Don, there are

turned to Section 107, verse 85, and read slowly, "'And many other responsibilities that the president must again, verily I say unto you, the duty of a president fulfill, and if you accept this calling, you'll want to over the office of a deacon is to preside over twelve carefully review them as they appear in this handdeacons, to sit in council with them, and to teach book."

them their duty, edifying one another, as it is given Bishop Walker smiled and said, "Don, can the Lord according to the covenants.'Your duty as a deacons count on you to carry these responsibilities as our

quorum president, Don, would be just what the Lord deacons quorum president?"

said—to counsel and to teach the members of your, Don assuringly replied, 'Yes, Bishop, I'll accept this

quorum."call, and I'll do all the Lord expects."

Bishop Walker paused and said, "Don, I don't sup- "That's wonderful, Don,"said the bishop. "Now

pose you really understand this great responsibility would you invite your parents to come in."

that the Lord gives to a young thirteenyear-old boy. The bishopric stood as Don's parents came in, and

Maybe it would help you to understand if I compared Bishop Walker said, "Don has accepted a call to be the responsibilities of a deacons quorum president our deacons quorum president, and he's promised to with the responsibilities that your father has as the fulfill all the expectations that the Lord has of this elders quorum president. The Lord, in the Doctrine office. We will have Don counsel with us as to

and Covenants, says this about the elders quorum whom he would like to serve with him, and we want president's responsibilities: '... the duty of the presiyou as his parents to support and encourage him in

dent over the office of elders is to preside over this, the most important call that can come to a young ninetysix elders, and to sit in council with them, and man."

to teach them according to the covenants.'(D&C Don felt his father's arm around his shoulders, and

107:89.) You see then,"continued Bishop Walker, his mother put her hand over his. His parents assured

"the deacons quorum president has the same responsithe bishop of their support and encouragement and bility to his quorum as your father does to the elders then left the office.

quorum."Don sensed as never before, that the Aaronic

Bishop Walker turned to his second counselor and Priesthood was really the greatest trust that could be said, "Brother Hanks, since you are concerned directly given a young man of his age, and he was deterwith the deacons quorum, could you mention to Don mined to convey that realization to each boy in his some of the specific things the Lord expects of a deacons quorum. O

September 1967 83 M I i G L M a b c d f

Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

Take the Ache Out of Teacher

Whether you are waving goodchildren add to their problems, or tened to and should be followed.

bye to your first little person or to will they be a joy to teach? A polite child is a joy to have in

half a dozen young scholars, there You can help take that ache out the schoolroom. He has learned to

is a tug at your heart on the first of teacher in many ways. Are your live by the old saying, "Politeness

day of school. This tug is extra children ladies and gentlemen? Did is to do and say the kindest things

potent if no child is left at home. you take time in their very early in the kindest way."That is still a

The house is quiet and the day years to instill in them respect for formula for good manners. If a

stretches out. After the first lump their elders? If a husband and mother, from the time a child is

in the throat has subsided and the wife always show love and respect born, is kind in her every word and thought has come of three or four for each other, if their word can action, a child is sure to follow her i!i

or six gorgeous hours ahead in be depended upon, and if they example. "Children need models

which to rearrange your life, perare fair and consistent in their more than they need critics."

haps a sigh of relief will follow. thinking and doing, their children (Joseph Joubert, 1842.)

There you stand as a person in will come to the conclusion that Make good manners a game in your own right, with time. to be grownups are good people. the home, and try to give reasons

yourself—at least until afternoon. Have your little ones learned to for each rule. For instance, explain

This new dimension to your life listen? As you, their mother, that to walk between two persons

can be rewarding. Now there is speak, do they promptly respond? who are talking causes annoyance,

time to do the daily chores without A good exercise for this is to because neither can see the person the customary interruptions; time give them one instruction to carry he is speaking to, their conversato do that extra something the out, then follow through to be tion is interrupted, and then, too,

house has needed for so long; time sure they act immediately. Next toes might be stepped on. A child

to decide what is really important time give them two directions, then should always answer the teacher in this life; time to work at being three and more, so they will learn with "Yes, Mrs. Smith"or "No,

a better wife and mother. Be careto retain your word in their minds Mrs. Smith"instead of with an

ful not to fill your life with trivia. and follow through into action. abrupt "yes"or "no."Explainthat

It is easy to set up a whole new This will help in their schoolwork. doing this shows respect to somegroup of habits that are in no way The ache will not be nearly so one who has added knowledge.

an improvement on the old. Take great in a teacher if her pupils Have your childrenpractice this

time to get acquainted with your listen and follow instructions easily. with you time and time again—"No,

own needs and also the current One little fellow came home from Mother,""Yes, Father,""Of course, needs of your husband and school the very first day and said Grandmother,"and so forth.

children. to his mother, "Do I have to do Pushing, shoving, grabbing,

As you do all this thinking, don't everything that woman [his teachpinching, and hitting all seem to forget the teachers who are working er] tells me to do?"Perhaps this be natural reactions at an early age.

with your sons and daughters. too can be taught at home—that So the remedy must be started as

They too have needs. Will your those in authority should be lissoon as a child begins to toddle.

84 Improvement Era First explain the reasons for not doing any of these things; then

consistently carry through with the same punishment each time they are done. This is all easier

said than done, but firmness in a pleasant voice performs miracles.

And what a service it is to a schoolteacher if you hand wellmannered children over to her.

Have you ever put 20 pairs of snow boots on 40 squirming little feet? That's the dilemma of many

teachers. It would be so much

better if you took that one little pair of feet that you are responsible for and spend time—hours, if neccessary—to teach its owner how to

tie his shoelaces and put on his

September 1967 $50 to $500 own boots. Some of the ache will Not every child has such a wise PROFIT never enter teacher if all of the teacher, and often a small girl will

FOR YOUR CLUB! children's clothes are well marked come home from school brokenSCHOOL! CHURCH! with their names. The new ironon hearted, crying, "No one likes me."

tape makes this task easy. Then a parent can help by telling

EASY TO SELL Runny noses belong at home, not her that there are many other girls in a crowded schoolroom. A who feel the same way, others who

JAMBOREE CANDIES mother is not doing to others what are also lonely, and she should

FOR she would want done to herself if start looking for them. As she helps

HALLOWEEN OR CHRISTMAS she sends sick children to school. someone else, she will forget herself, and soon everyone will be her Don't wait for deliveries to come A teacher and a couple of dozen

from 2,000 miles youngsters are being infected, and friend.

Agents near you in New York, this isn't fair. Illness costs money, Your new little scholar has much

Chicago, St. Louis, Kansas City, learning time, and comfort, and to learn, and one of the best ways

Dallas, Denver, should not be generously spread you, as a mother, can help him get

Cleveland, Oakland around. over his problems is to be home

and Los Angeles A timid child will become even when he returns from school. That

FREE more withdrawn at school if help is the time he will open up and

FOR is not given him in the home. It talk. Work at having a clear chan- [R&NS1ST0R

RADIO is easy for a child just to sit in the nel between the two of you, so participate, classroom fears and never problems will not build and growth OFFER 1. BROCHUREmi but in the maximum child's head. your will not up

WRITE take place. Think of a teacher as a person,

JAMBOREE CANDY CO Many a child who doesn't know a wonderful, able human being,

P.O. BOX 963 the answer has watched other with her mind and heart dedicated

RESEDA,CALIFORNIA 91335 hands shoot up as a question is to the growth of your child. Be on

asked and believed that those other her side, and help take the ache children knew everything. It out of teacher.

would be well to suggest to him that no one knows all the answers, HOME OR CARRY LUNCHES and when he raises his own hand someone else believes him to be Peanut butter is a favorite food always "in the know."By raising of most youngsters. Ask almost

his hand, he offers to answer or try any child what he would like for to answer the questions the teacher lunch, and his answer will be, "A asks. Carry this a little further and peanut butter sandwich and a milk

suggest that your child ask quesshake."So we will give a couple

QjTlyOURSEif tions of the teacher when there are of different versions of this sand- a buNch 1 of fUN. things he doesn't know. Some of wich, plus a number of other

It's easy! All you need is a colorful this can be taught by roleplaying sandwiches, just to break the

selection of Dennison Crepe Papers in the home. monotony for mother as she puts

and a few simple instructions. Another problem many a child pieces of bread together to make

flowers Dennison Paper Crepe are the has is one of never trying because the school lunch.

to pretty your home, fun way up new make extra money for your church, he is afraid of being laughed at.

club or community. Cut some soon. Explain to a young child that he P-Nutwiches

Mail coupon for howto booklet on must learn to laugh at himself.

Dennison Crepe Paper flower craft. Work at this in the home. Laughter partsMix topeanutspreadingbutter consistencyand apple butter;equal

Dennison Manufacturing Company, Dept W200 can never hurt one if he laughs add a little honey. This is especially

Mass. Framingham,

Please send me your Crepe Paper Flower Craft along with the group. good on raisin bread.

booklet. I enclose 10c to cover mailing. One successful kindergarten P-Hamwiches

Name teacher says she spends the first

Street. week of the school year finding a 3Blendtablespoonsone 5-ounceeachcan ofdeviledpeanuthambutterwith

fill to and mayonnaise. Use 4 sandfriend class, for in person every her

City.State. Zip slice thin of wiches. ChedTop with a

all a result, school. they love and as cheese. dar

wwm&on

86 Improvement Era LEARN IN THE LAND OF ZIONLuncheon Meat Filling Egg Salad Boats

1 12ounce can luncheon meat Combine 4 hardcooked eggs, chopped

Vz cup chopped nuts with 2 or 3 tablespoons each of dicedy2 cup finely chopped celery green pepper and pimiento; blend with OLLYWOOD

2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce y3 cup mayonnaise and a dash each 6 tablespoons mayonnaise of seasoned salt and celery salt. Toast

lightly and butter 4 hot dog rolls; line

Mash or grind the luncheon meat. Add with 4 lettuce leaves, and fill withother ingredients and mix well. Spread egg salad mixture. Fasten with pickle EAUTY

on whole wheat bread. kabobs (pickles skewered on toothpicks).

Ham and Egg Sandwich Salmon and Olive Sandwich

Mix one 5-ounce can deviled ham with Combine 1 8-ounce can salmon, drained OLLEGE finely hardcooked eggs.3 chopped flaked, with finelydiced and y2 cup salt, pepper,Add mustard, prepared celery, olives, stuffed chopped \/A cup

a taste. juice toand dash of lemon and a juice. drops few 'HOME OFFICE: 245 SO. MAIN lemon Season

Spread on cracked wheat bread. with salt and pepper, and add just SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 841 1 1 enough mayonnaise to bind together.

CheezyHam Sandwich Spread bread slices, on wheat 4 whole The beauty profession is fascinbuttered; top more slices. with 4

Mix one 5-ounce can of deviled ham ating and exciting.

with cottage creamed cheese cup AFTERSCHOOL V2 can learn a leading to be TREATS You

Dill 1 tablespoonand mayonnaise.

little hair stylist cost. for such basil as seasonings.seed and are good Peachy Shakes

Spread on oldfashioned graham bread.

In electric blender, blend at high speed Train with the Nation's Leading

Bean and Corned Beef Spread 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons peach jam, Cosmetology Instructors, and and 1 canned peach half. Add 2 enjoy the beauty of Salt Lake

1 11%-ounce can condensed bean medium scoops vanilla ice cream and Valley during your leisure hours.

with bacon soup blend 1 minute longer. Makes 2 cups. Write to Mr. James R. Trapp for

1 cup cooked corned beef, chopped information.

prepared teaspoon horseradish Maraschino MilkVz ACCREDITED BY THE NATIONAL ACCREDITING 1 teaspoon prepared mustard COMMISSION FOR COSMETOLOGY SCHOOLS

Stir maraschino cherry syrup into

Combine all ingredients; add a little chilled milk until milk is a pretty pink

water if necessary. Spread on crunchy, color.

buttered rolls.

Peanut Butter Cake With Frank Sandwich Chocolate Frosting

Combine Vi pound grated process Prepare yellow cake mix according to

American cheese, tablespoons 3 mayondirections, peapackage adding y3 cup 1naise, Lyman's tablespoon prepared mustard, liquid. in Try nut with butter the Bake

frankfurters.and cooked, 3 chopped pan. greased 13x9x2inch Remove

slicesSpread buttered whole on 4 VITAMINS cake oven, from immediately and toast;wheat slices with top more 4 place milk 1-ounce chocolate 4 candy

buttered toast. of bars cake. and the over chocotop When

Corned Beef orKRye Sandwich Thislate melts,cake is spreadbest eatenevenlyfreshlyover baked.cake. MINERALS

Combine ya cup sour cream, 3 tableGingerbread Muffins Less than 2$ a tablet spoons prepared mustard, and y2 horseradish;teaspoon blend well. Prepare gingerbread as directed mix on HIGH POTENCYSpread this mustard dressing generfinely package and add 1 cup chopped

ously on 8 slices rye bread. Arrange walnuts. Spoon batter into greased

thin slices8 corned beef filling over floured muffin pans, 4 cups ALL NATURAL of the full. bread. crisp with Sprinkle lettuce Top grated top with orange slices and%

theand bread. remaining rind; bake. to O Formulated equal or improve

on many tablets selling for 5 or

Hindsight 6<t each.

Clip and Mail or Write Frozen meats can be cooked Faster defrosting can be accomwhile they are still frozen, partially plished at room temperature. It SaltDon LakeLyman,City,2431UtahHighland Drive,

thawed, or entirely thawed. will take two to three hours per Please send Daily Supply Tablets,

Defrosting in the refrigerator will pound for a large roast. For a postage free.

take a large roast four to six hours small roast, allow one to two hours *.-.,* \ 500 tablets $8.95

per pound. A small roast will de- a pound. An inchthick steak will

frost in the refrigerator at three to thaw in two to four hours. Name....

four hours per pound. An inchAlways defrost or thaw meat in

thick steak will take 10 to 12 hours. the wrapping in which it was frozen. Address.

City

State..Zip.

September 1967 87 What does silence Home, Sweet Homelook

After the family home evening ike? lesson is over, do you as parents

wonder just how much has been learned? The boys and girls may

Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear have been quiet and seemed reof feetCordridge years. for years and ceptive, but what have they really

Bigelow has or can customcreate It absorbs floor sound and creates an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of absorbed?

Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building. If the children are of school age,

tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced try having a summarizer. Choose

teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1825. one of them to tell what he thought

to of today's the decorhandsomely to be important about the lesson.

buildings. churchnew Mormon

Its 100% Bigelow Approved con- A summarizer may be chosen in tinuous filament nylon pile is dense and many ways. If you have five Bigelow children, at the start of the lesson

ask one to select a number between one and five. Then have them

count around the circle until the number is reached; that person will

be the summarizer. Give him a

pencil and paper to keep track of important points of the lesson. Another time ask the one who got up

the earliest that morning to be the

Autumn is a special time at Auerbach's summarizer. He should be the most

tired, and the assignment will help

There's a touch of excitement everywhere—in keep him alert.

home fashions and furnishings; in clothing for the Or, at the close of the lesson,

whole family; in fresh and unusual gift ideas. Come have all of the girls in the family

in. Enjoy this special time. Convenient payment go to one side of the room and the

terms arranged. Delivery in our wide delivery area. boys to the other. Each group

will decide what was most imPersonal shopping service available, just write or portant to remember about the phone, 328-1 188. evening's lesson, and report back

to the entire group.

You might also have each member of the family tell one way in which he will try to live better the following week because of what he has been taught that night. As

State and Broadway - Salt Lake City, Utah 84 11 parents, you have not really taught unless the children have been changed for the better. FBP

88 Improvement Era \l\Um. FOX PLAYS TOR BALDWIN ORGAN

l STOM IWJOt <>;i> Blft IJAM)% IN tft Cs"*

II

VIRGIL FOX

RECORDED CONCERT Here's my $2. Type of record I want is (please check)

Monaurat Stereo Q Q -:.: 5* &s * Name QQ*<Ss Address.

City.State..Zip Codeft I My Chnrrh

5 My Official Capacity.

k. -jd

Here's your ticket to an exciting

Virgil Fox concert on the Baldwin Model!!

Virgil Fox's ability to get the most from any pipe organ, large or small, is undisputed. That's why we asked him PROGRAM

to perform his most exacting pipe organ repertoire on Haendel: Allegro from Concerto No. 4 in F

the Baldwin Model 11. First, listen to his recorded Bach: Adagio from Toccata, Adagio and Fugue in C

concert by yourself. Then, when you're convinced of Fugue a la Gigue in G

the superb quality of the Baldwin Model 11, play the Schumann: Canon in B Minor, Op. 56 No. 5

record for the members of your organ committee; let Sketch in F Minor, Op. 58 No. 3

them hear for themselves why the Model 11 is so outBoellmann: Gothique Suite, Op. 25

standing. And you might remind them that the Baldwin 1.) Introduction—Choral 3.) Priere a Notre Dame

Model 1 1 is an electronic organ. 2.) Menuet Gothique 4.) Toccata

Reserve your seat at the "concert"by mailing the Dupre: Prelude and Fugue in G Minor

coupon with $2.

Baldwin

September 1967 89 The Church Moves On

June 1967

All in Favor, new MIA musical, was presented South (Utah) Stake presidency, have been appointed in the first of six performances at the Pioneer to the Church Correlation Committee.

Memorial Theatre. It will be presented in the wards Departmental sessions were conducted all day at

of the Church next April. This was the first prethe MIA conference. In the evening the dance, quarconference event of MIA June Conference. tet, and roadshow festivals and All in Favor were

presented.

Three preconference activities of June Conference were featured today. YWMIA camp Murray South Stake presidency was reorganized.

institute was held during the day in Mill Creek Can- G. Morris Rowley was sustained as president,

yon. In the evening, Elder S. Dilworth Young of the with Lerue W. Winget and Arvil G Stone as counselors.

First Council of the Seventy and Elaine Cannon, assoThe concluding session of MIA June Conference ciate editor of the Era of Youth, were given honorary was held in the Tabernacle in the morning, under citations at the annual Master M ManGolden Gleaner the direction of the First Presidency.

banquet. All in Favor was presented in matinee and

evening performances. Los Angeles Temple Visitors Center was formally

opened and dedicated. The dedicatory prayer

With the traditional early morning reception was offered by Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council on Temple Square by general boards and Genof the Twelve.

eral Authority advisers, the 68th annual MIA conference began. The MIA theme for the coming year July 1967

was presented in the morning general session: "Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto in this Premiere performance of the Mormon musical

life, it will rise with us in the resurrection."(D&C Promised Valley was staged at Temple View

130:18.) Outdoor Theatre. The musical will be presented

Mrs. Emma Ray Riggs McKay, wife of President nightly except Sundays through July and August, for

David O. McKay, celebrated her 90th birthday today tourists and visitors to Temple Square.

at a family luncheon. Elder Richard Harold Lenroot, 19, Salt Lake City,

In addition to All in Favor, the MIA June Conferserving in the North Central States Mission, was killed ence activities for tonight included roadshows, dance in a farm tractor accident at Eau Claire, Wisconsin.

festival, and quartet festival. Funeral services were held July 5 at the Holladay

Fifth Ward.

The First Presidency announced the calls of The First Presidency announced the appointment three more mission presidents and the creation of Paul S. Rose, recently released as president of Murof the Ohio Mission from parts of the Great Lakes ray South (Utah) Stake, as president of the new

Mission. Called as mission presidents were E. Garrett Philippine Islands Mission. This is the 77th mission

Barlow, president of the Santa Monica (California) now functioning in the Church.

Stake; R. Don Smith, bishop of the Downey (California) Second Ward; David G. Clark, first counselor Santa Monica (California) Stake was reorgain the San Fernando (California) Stake presidency. nized. Thomas Gay Myers was sustained as

Neal A. Maxwell of the YMMIA general board and president, with Ervin J. Dimter and Ronald Knudson

Jay R. Bingham, recently released from the Bountiful as counselors.

90 Improvement Era Domeliners are for the young at heart

You'll oh and ah over exciting dome car views of the scenery. You'll have fun

sharing the delights of the western wonderlands with friendly folk in congenial lounges and over leisurely enjoyed meals. And it will do that adventuring heart good to

discover how relaxing travel by Domeliner can be, with no highway hazards, while you watch the world go by from the most comfortable, carefree accommodations ever designed. It'll do your budget good, too. Especially with

our moneysaving family fares for husband and wife, as well as family with youngsters, good Coach or Pullman and every day!

UNION PACIFICCall us, RAILROADor come on in—let us tell you more

DOMILINERS: City of Los Angeles,""The Challenger,""City of San Francisco,""City of Portland,""City of Denver,""City of St. Louis"

September 1967 91 NONDRINKING DRIVERS:

If your present insurance man

offer you this bargain - WON'T

Buffs...WE WILL! and Rebuffs

"All the protection of Genealogical Research Reports most standard auto As a teacher of genealogical propolicies—PLUS EIGHT cedures with students whose ancestral

pedigrees flow back into many counADDITIONAL BROADER tries, may I say how happy three of my students were with the research

COVERAGES... and report on Scotland in the June issue.

the indicating various geneThe graph it will cost you less alogical sources various for the years than standard rates!"was exceptionally useful for outlining

the necessary steps in research problems. I do hope the articles continue.

Mrs. Helen C. Amundsen

Bountiful, Utah I want to express my pleasure at the

Wm. N. Plymat, President genealogical articles of the past sevPreferred Risk Mutual eral months. I hope you continue

Insurance Company surveyingcovered theeachworld.country until you have

James D. Still

North Hollywood, California If your insurance man offered you a better policy—at lowerthan-standardrates—would you accept his offer? Of course I have enjoyed the Era for 10 years,

you would. That's a genuine bargain! Preferred Risk and this year I have been especially inMutual's FAMILY AUTO POLICY—for nondrinkers only terested in the genealogical research

similar expect reports. When can we policies the protection auto you all—offers Switzerland? reports on and Germany ADDITIONAL, COVERAGES EIGHT ofBROADERstandard PLUS are ancestors DenBecause from my rates! If your than standard bureau COST LOWER—AT I also England, wonder and mark

present insurance man won't offer you this bargain about reports on those countries. The

WE WILL! articles are very useful and of much

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE value. Mrs. Conrad W. Gerber

ASK FOR YOUR PERSONAL RATE QUOTATION TODAY—Granger, Utah

Look for your Preferred Risk Mutual agent in "Yellow Pages,"or

The schedule is: Germany, present

place issue; Welsh patronymics and

COUPON names, October; Norway, November; USE THIS Sweden, Switzerland, January; February; Denmark, March. Other counINSURANCE CO. tries will follow.

2150 So. 2nd West, Dept. IE-9-67 The papers on genealogical sources in

Please send me, without obligation, complete informition on your automobile insurance tor Total Abstainers, different countries is what I call a or 5 1 am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 Q (Check one)Q years. realgent contributiongenealogical byiiterature.the Era toKeepintelliit

up. of I obtain reprints the artiCan

I have had Name Address my cles different the countries? on

license driver's Rossen Kenneth City State..years. Illinois Chicago,

Occupation No. of Cars in Family I have taken a

driver training One can obtain reprints of the GeneMake of Car Model.Year No. of cyls course. Q Yes No Series"alogical currentlySociety's being"ResearchpublishedPaperin

Car to the Genealogical writing by Is Used for: Circle the Era Owner Auto My

Insurance of This Society, Salt 107 Main, South Lake Business Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3.

Expires: City, 84.111. is cost 15c The Utah Pleasure BIRTH DATE Month dozen. per available are Papers made

To and from work SEX Day. only after they have appeared in the

....miles one way MARRIED Year Era.

America's first Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company

Not available in New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia.

92 Improvement Era completely Carriage UNDERWOOD, Long OLYMPIA w/palm tabulator, ROYAL

Special: $89.50 new: $139.50 automatic. w/case fully reconditioned: $119.50 Port,

An Answered Prayer Something happened to me that I thought would be of interest to you and others. Several months ago a lady REMINGTON Super, w/features ROYAL KMG only 4 models I.B.M. only one model

in our ward gave me the name and found on $270.00 mach.: $89.50 from being new: $99.50 from being new: $279.00

address of Maurice J. Pollard, whom I

wanted to contact concerning genealogical work. Well, I lost the address,

and the dear sister in our ward could not remember where she had found his name. The other night as I said

my prayers, I asked that I might find this man's name and address. The

next day the Era arrived, and as usual to read houseworkI dropped my 215, SMITHCORONA of 'Rebuffs"May and"Buffs wasit. Ina electric, and it's new: $202.00all REMINGTONand rugged:KMC $59.50full featured (saveSMITHCORONA,$120.00) Priced:almost$139.00new,

note from Maurice J. Pollard of Dover,

New Hampshire! My prayer had

been answered.

Pollard Rosa Rouge, Louisiana Over 200 Baton

Long Carriage West Covina Youth Genealogical Typewriters

Thanks to the "Era of Youth"editors

Covina youth choosingfor West to to select from in day atparticipate a wonderful

Knott's Berry Farm. The firesides and

small planning sessions were inspiraexcited to weretional all of us, and we in the June ELECTRICS STANDARDS PORTABLES NEW AND USED Era. seeto ourselves The

therefore, is the best of Youth,""Era

... in and Drop browseyet! for limited space We're

selecour through wide Collinwood or Dean... W. show we could

all reof tion models, California El Monte, more new you many with conditioned new including machines, *39 50 $59 50 guarantees—machine

... portables new from

... from of Progress CenturyCanada's

Being a native of Canada, I found your article "A Century of Progress in Canada"(.July) highly interesting. Mail

One paragraph caught my eye. It referred to the acceptance of Mormons SCHREYEKS orders

told of Alberta,in and Lethbridge, a TYPE promptly be- "eventually the of Churchmember RIGHT SPSIbSTORE father, its mayor."coming was He my filled. YOUR O&pupia DEALER once Elton, late was H.the David who

the editor of the Raymond, Cardston, Downtown28 West First South -3289726 and McGrath (Alberta) newspapers, Cottonwood Mall - 2784453 and later a barrister who was a member of the Queen's Council, a <>4(>.no4<>(>. frl)ll!l|il)ll4

magistrate, and an international offiClub.cer of Kiwanis

Mrs. Viva Elton Hulet IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

Holbrook, Arizona Aids in treatment of simple sore

Out in the "Bush"throat and other minor mouth and JEWELRY CO. throat irritations.

DA 2-1039 SOUTHWe are an Australian couple living 42WEST2ND.

and working 800 miles away from the SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH nearest branch of the Church, and sothe happiest time of the month is when INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER HALLS REMEDY the Era arrives. Reading it is like Salt Lake City, Utah

attending sacrament meeting, Sunday

School, and MIA. Of course it could

place actual the the take ofnever Grover: His Thomas

it fill certainly helpsmeetings, but FILM K0DAC0L0R Ancestors Descendants and gap.the Printed 1 Processed Exp. 2 & available copies Extra through Hall Robert and Pam ROLL REPLACEMENT WITH <fco Of) Hegsted, Douglas G. M. 460 Exmouth, '7U Australia Western FILM FRESH KODAK Street.. OF fJ

City, Salt Utah; Lake Dean Grover, LIST PRICE NEW, FOR LOW WRITE

Grover, Idaho; Rexburg, Stephen and

E-6 DEPT. 2307, I BOX WESTERN Idaho. Thornton, < CITY LAKE SALT FIIMFILM CLUBCLUB 84100 UTAH

September 1967 93 ATTENTION CHORISTERS! From the

196768 CHOIR Crossroads FESTIVAL MUSIC of the West SATB

Sing All Ye Righteous 13472 The Lord Will Comfort Zion Cornwall 5060 Gospel Is Truly the Power of God 5539 These Times

Heavenly Light 497 Onward Ye People 93810 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Saviour, Like a Shepherd Lead Us 1995 President, Arizona State University

Safe in Thy Hand 5567 The Lord Bless You and Keep You 6919 One of the bestknown voices honor the occasion. France's largest

Hallelujah, Amen 6657 in America is heard from Salt aircraft carrier, the Clemenceau,

SSA Lake City, Utah—"the crossroads of anchored in the harbor and acIf With All Your Hearts 5339

the West."It has been heard on cepted visitors. There President

New Choral Catalogs Available radio and television through nearly Evans convened and addressed the four decades. In 196667 the man great gathering, recalling his prowas seen in person and the voice gram of "Ten Things to Do."So

was heard in most of the major impressive was the gathering in its

Music final session, Co longs the to a L. Evans, plenary Richard memcluding GtefArow cities of the world. The voice beinternational aspects that in con- P. O. Box 2009

it President the ber of of the described Council as "an Evans Twelve

Falls, Idaho 83401 Idaho and an editor of this magazine. almost unbelievable event."

These lines this month appear President Evans'"Ten Things to without his consent. But the facts Do,"his admonition to serve and

are timely, significant, and must be concerned with youth, has had be recorded. For no other member particular timeliness and worldwide

of the Church has traveled so far, interest. Especially was this true in

seen so many places, spoken so the fact that he related the concern frequently, and left his imprint on directly to the need for home and the lives of so many of his confamily solidarity. Pleading with

temporaries as did Elder Evans in Rotarians everywhere "to turn a a single year—the year 196667. significant share of time and attenThis great privilege came to him tion to youth,"he said:

as president of Rotary Interna- "Serve youth: Give counsel and

tional, a position he has achieved encouragement to the young who after many years of devoted and are trying to find their future....

LD FILMS distinguishedginning in his Rotaryown Saltservice,Lake City.beemployment"Be concernedand witheducation;youth; withwith

are available for rental from The position has further endeared health; with safety; with respect for

libraries located in him, because of his sobriety, diglaw; with home and family soli-

... IDAHO FALLS LETHBRIDGE nity, and outlook, to many old and darity.

new friends as he and Alice, his "There is nothing more imporLOS ANGELES MESA

NEW YORK CITY year.wife, traveled the earth this past totanttakefor anRotaryactive,andpersonalRotariansinterestthan

PROVO At Nice, France, from May 21 to in youth, worldwide. In support of

SALT LAKE CITY May 25, 1967, he presided at the this I would witness that, as a

Write for free brochure. 58th annual convention of Rotary fatherless boy, I owe much to

Educational Media Services International. The elite Garde Remany wonderful men, many of

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 publicaine, horses, helmets, drums, them Rotarians, who not only proand trumpets came from Paris to moted programs, but also gave of

Deseret Book Co., Film Dept.

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

94 Improvement Era themselves—busy, important men

who gave their time, not to send us, but to take us to Yellowstone

Park, to Zion Canyon, to the broad open areas. They talked to us, and

lived with us, and let us see and feel unforgettably some of the elements of their character, some of the reasons for their success, in the unforgettable influence of close companionship."

These are words for the wise in these times, from the crossroads of the West.

Elder Evans'path to the presidency of Rotary International cannot be fully recounted here. Much

of his life as student, missionary, writer, radio executive, university regent, and civic, business, and church leader is wellknown to readers of this column. But let it be

recorded that he was president of the Salt Lake Rotary Club in 194858, district governor in 195657,

Rotary International counselor 195758, director 1&9-61, viceTHE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE president 196061, chairman of the international convention 1961, and finally president of Rotary Interna1966-67.tional during MOST EFFECTIVE FILMSTRIP!

Early in 1956, when members of the Salt Lake club were desirous The First Vision of sponsoring Elder Evans for disof the Prophet Joseph Smith trict governor, they approached

Fully Dramatized President David O. McKay in respect to Elder Evans'Church reSound Filmstrip

sponsibilities. Graciously, President

McKay granted permission for the in Vivid Color service and some necessary absences from duty, saying, "The aims beginningHere you canof thefollowrestorationthe thrillingdurof Rotary are compatible with those ing 1820, including the revivals, of the Church, and it would please Joseph'sbeing ridiculedsearch,andhis reviled,first vision,and me to see Richard rise to the top filmstrip,his testimony.in fullA valuablecolor, forsoundeach

of Rotary International."It has Latterday Saint family to cherpleased many people, including a ishoccasionsand show(Familyupon night,numerousfireman in a bus after a session at sides, missionary work, class lesNice. Turning to another Rotarian, sons, etc.)

he said, "When that man speaks, I (Film: 152 frames) (Record: Side 1 The Apostasy Side 2 The First Vision)

feel as if the words were coming Magnificent Aid for the Missionary and Teacher straight out of heaven."Exciting Bonus Feature () Vision,"included asit anconcernsexcellentthe companionestablishmentfeatureof tothe"TheprimitiveFirst

Era The Improvement congratuTl*pI IIC %|Jw3lAnAQtfiQVvlSjf iy guidedChurch byof revelationJesus Christandfoundedthe greatuponapostasyapostleswhichand followed.prophetslates expresses its appreciation and

to Elder Evans for this important Send check or money order to:

service in these times. O DESERET FILM PRODUCTIONS, INC. 2-in-l offer 2231 Garfield Avenue Salt Lake City, Utah 84108

both for just $10.50 4855190

September 1967 95 End of an Era

Our Scout troop was on a after eating a salty peanut A doctor, an engineer, and a 24hour hike on the Arizona candy bar. Asked what he was politician were arguing which of

desert, and one requirement was going to do for breakfast, their professions was oldest.

that the boys go from noon he replied, "1 don't need any Said the doctor: "Medicine is the

to noon on one canteen of water. My mom sent cornflakes oldest. Mankind has always

water. At the evening meal one and powdered milk!"had physicians, and they are even

Scout drained his canteen—Stan Porter, Mesa, Arizona mentioned in the Bible."Said

the engineer: "That's nothing.

The Bible tells how the world was

As a bishop's counselor, I had As soon as the opening song created out of chaos, and how could there be any order broughtto conduct sacrament meeting began, I leaned over and asked one Sunday evening. I started the bishop what was so out of chaos without an

engineer?"Said the politician:to make the opening amusing. He informed me I

announcements, but was had just announced, "The "Wait a minute! Who do you think

somewhat disconcerted and opening song will be found created the chaos?"

—Cappers Weeklyshaken when the congregation on page a dollar sixtynine,

broke into laughter, some 'Love at Home.'"—Submitted Flowers are the sweetest thing

laughing so hard tears were by Bishop L. Glen Tonge, God ever made and forgot to put a

rolling down their cheeks. South Bountiful Fourth Ward soul into.—Henry Ward Beecher

Life Among the Mormons

Building Fund

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer

The roof is leaking, With heartrending ballads

The floors are squeaking, We'll dun them for salads,

We notice the church house leans. And butter, and pickles, and such.

The cash we'll be spending While we have their attention

To do all this mending We'll casually mention

Will have to come out of our jeans. That a tendollar fee isn't much.

We've thought of a winner: We'll do our own catering

A fundraising dinner. And also the waitering

(You buy back the things that you bring.) And put on a fancy spread.

Why, folks should be grateful Then we'll work to collapse,

To pay for a plateful. And maybe, perhaps,

Let's give everybody a ring. If we're fortunate, come out ahead.

Next Month: Bishop's Wife

'End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

96 Improvement Era

. EXCLUSIVE ON KSL, home of radio

1967 BYU Big Season FOOTBALL with PAUL JAMES TOPMOUNTAINSPORTSCASTERAMERICA'S

PLAYBY-PLAY ACTION IN ALL BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

FOOTBALL GAMES... LI VE AND DIRECT... WHERE THE ACTION IS!

1967 B.Y.U. FOOTBALL SCHEDULE BROUGHT TO YOU BY:

Joe Mills Insurance Agency. Salt Lake City Bennett

Date (Day) Opponent Site Time Series Intermountain(Scott WilkinsonInsuranceand FredService,Schroeder)Provo H GlassPaint &

Sept. 23 (Sat.) *New Mexico Provo 7:45 7-8-1 rrors Zero Steel Making Team row

Sept. 29 (Fn.) Western Michigan Provo 7:45 1-1-0 [uss) 5 Geneva Works

Oct. 7 (Sat.) *Wyoming Laramie 1:15 1420-3 Safeway Stores, Inc. BeelineFrontier

Oct. 14 (Sat.) Oregon State Corvallis 2:15 0-2-0

Oct. 21 (Sat.) Texas Western El Paso 6:45 1-1-1 INTERLAKE WflW

Oct. 28 (Sat.) *Utah Provo 1:15 4-34-4

1:15 Nov. 4 (Sat.) Logan Utah State

1524-3 DIAL 1160 1:15 3-4-1 Nov. 11 (Sat.) *Arizona Provo (Homecoming)

Nov. 18 (Sat.) *Arizona State Tempe 7:45 3-8-0 BROADCAST HOUSE

Nov. 25 (Sat.) San Jose State Provo 1:15 2-8-0 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

*WAC Conference Games home of radio 50,000 WATT CLEAR CHANNEL CBS RADIO FOR MOUNTAIN AMERICA

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

... the security of his family! It gives a

man peace of mind to know that his wife and children will always enjoy a secure financial future. One way this can

be guaranteed is through adequate life insurance—through a program like

Beneficial Life's "Planned Futures.

To protect those who are always foremost in your thoughts, call your Beneficial

Life agent today. He is trained to provide

expert advice in planning insurance to meet your needs and income.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. XjD/ Salt Lake City, Utah