President Joseph Fielding Smith—Tenth President of the Church

S Learn while you earn.

No matter what your job or profession, you can still continue your education. If

you're working toward high school or college graduation,—Home Study provides more

than 290 credit courses. Perhaps your

interest is job improvement—Home Study

courses cover 47 areas of study. Selfimprovement may be your goal.—Home

Study offers a way to fill in your leisure hours. Technical programs, not in the

catalog, can be organized to train large groups of your employees.

Whatever your purpose or occupation, you can benefit from Home Study.

BYU DEPARTMENT OF HOME STUDY

210 Herald R. Clark Building,

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601

Write today for a free catalog.

On the Cover:

A portrait of President Joseph Fielding

Smith, tenth President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, is

The Voice of the Church February 1970 Volume 73, Number 2 featured on our cover this month.

President Smith, almost a legendary figure in the Church because of his Special Features voluminous contributions in explaining 2 President Joseph Fielding Smith Becomes Tenth President of the and elucidating Church doctrine and Church

Editor's Page: 6 The The Greatest Responsibility—the Greatest Honor,because of his highly popular book President David 0. McKay

Essentials in Church History, was or- 8 David 0. McKay, 18731970, Jay M. Todd and Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

dained and set apart as President of 20 Tributes and Messages of Sympathy of a Memories 24 Prophet the Church on January 23. For the inPrayer for a 25 A Prophet, Simply, Dennis Drake

information of our readers, the days 26 Poems of Love and dates on which the previous nine 40 The Cost of Alcohol

Presidents of the Church were sustained 56 Presiding Bishopric's Page: The New Tithing and Donation Recording

Procedures, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

are as follows: 74 In Puketapu, Elwin W. Jensen

Joseph Smith, Jr., sustained as First 75 "Welcome into the Kingdom,"Ron Woods

Elder on Tuesday, April 6, 1830, and 76 A Night to Remember, Derek Dixon

Thoughts President on David O. McKay, S. Dilworth Youngsustained as President of the High 77

of The Poetry 78 David O. McKay

Priesthood on Wednesday, January 25, 80 A Man and His Message, Neil J. Flinders and Jay R. Lowe

1832; Brigham Young, sustained as 84 The Words of a Prophet

President of the Church, Monday, De87 "One Who Loved His Fellowmen,"President Joseph Fielding Smith "God a Giant Makes 88 Elder Men,"Among Hugh B. Browncember 27, 1847; John Taylor, Sunday,

Life "A True Exemplar 91 of Christ,"of the President N. Eldon Tanner

October 10, 1880; Wilford Woodruff, 93 "He Lighted the Lamps of Faith,"President Harold B. Lee

Sunday, April 7, 1889; Lorenzo Snow,

Tuesday, September 13, 1898; Joseph Regular Features

LDS Scene 28 ResearchF. Smith, Thursday, October 17, 1901; 30 & Review: Of Drugs, Drinks and Morals, Dr. Elliott D. Landau

Heber J. Grant, Saturday, November 23, 32 Lest We Forget: The Wilford Woodruff Journals, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

1918; George Albert Smith, Monday, 34 Teaching: The Bull's Eye, Seth D. Redford

Bill R.May 21, 1945; David 0. McKay, Mon38 Genealogy:Linder How to Get a Going Family Organization Going,

day, April 9, 1951. (See announcement 59 Today's Family: The Supermarket of the Future, Carolyn Dunn

of the new First Presidency, page 4. 62 Buffs and Rebuffs

The cover photograph is by Ralph 65 The Church Moves On

Times: Dr. G. 66 These The 1970s, Homer Durham

Melchizedek Priesthood Letter of Page:Clark.) 70 the First Presidency Clarifies

Church's Position on the Negro 96 End of an Era 29, 33, 37, 61 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

4155 Era Of Youth Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Poetry Joseph Smith Brigham Young John Taylor 25, 26, 27, 57, 62, 77

L. Editor; Assistant Eleanor Todd, M. Jay Green, Managing Doyle 0. Richard McKay, David

T. WilliamManaging Jr., Sykes,Editor; Albert Manuscript Research Editors;Gabbott, Evans,Jones MabelL. Knowles,

Elliott Arrington, L. ContributingEditorial Editor;Leonard Payne,Editor; Landau, Nibley, Albert L. Madsen,Zobell, Truman Associate; Durham,

Editor; Art Director; Reynolds, Ralph Elaine Era Associate Editor; of YouthG. Norman CopyG. HomerEditor;D. Cannon, Era Marion Editors; Hanks, ofHughYouth

Price, Staff Artist.

Florence Eldredge, General Manager; Jay W. Smith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Circulation S. Glenn Manager; Snarr,

Generalpublished bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

Entered in sectionat the 1103,Post Office,Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided Wilford Woodruff Lorenzo Snow Joseph F. Smith for

year, succeeding years, each $8.25; 2 3 years, $5.75; year, a advance; $3.00

issues. Thirty special $2.50When single change price; pricethreeyear to the 35cin Subscriptionadded

unless of thedays'magazine;notice addressrequired issue changesfor cannotof beaddress.made a recent copymultipleexceptlabel fromsubscriptions, include change, please your ordering

well isaddressincluded. one, the as old address,a as new the

Era Improvement The postage welcomesfor deliverycontributionsand return.but is notPaymentresponsibleis madeforuponunsolicitedacceptance.manuscripts. Manuscripts must be accomby sufficient panied

Advertising: The orErahisis product.pleased to carry advertisements of interest to readers, but doing so does not impjy Church endorsement of the advertiser

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music

Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Heber J. Grant George Albert Smith David 0. McKay The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

The new First Presidency at a press conference, January 23, the day they were set apart in their new callings: left,

President Joseph Fielding Smith; center, President N. Eldon Tanner,

second counselor; right,

President Harold B. Lee,

first counselor. Pictures

of the First Presidency were taken at the press conference also.

President Joseph Fielding roomOn Fridayof themorning,Salt LakeJanuaryTemple,23, 1970,Presidentin the councilJoseph set apart as the tenth ordained and Fielding Smith was of seer, revelator prophet, TheSmith Becomes Tenth President and and

President of the Church ChurchCouncil ofof theJesusTwelve,Christgoverningof Latterdaybody ofSaints.the ChurchThe

at the death of a Prophet, ordained and set apart

President Smith, with Elder Harold B. Lee as voice.

Elders Harold B. Lee and This action followed by five days the death of President David O. McKay (see page 8) on Sunday,

N. Eldon Tanner January 18, 1970.

Called to First Presidency President Smith selected and set apart as his coun-.

there following his mission to Great Britain. In 1906,

he was sustained as Assistant Church Historian, and in 1921, as Church Historian, a position he has held since then.

President Smith has made consistent contributions to the body of Church literature by his many writings on Church doctrine and Church history.

He is a much beloved leader who, through a lifetime of devotion to the principles of the gospel, has been described by members of the Council of the

Twelve as truly a just and righteous man. Members

of the Church look forward to his inspired leadership.

selors in the First Presidency Harold B. Lee, first President Lee was set apart to the apostleship on

counselor, and N. Eldon Tanner, second counselor. April 10, 1941, after having served as managing direcPresident Lee, second to President Smith in seniority tor of the Church's Welfare Program. Since that

in the Council of the Twelve, was set apart as president time, he has carried the many and varied responsiof the Council of the Twelve by President Smith, with bilities incident to membership in the Council of

Elder Spencer W. Kimball, next in seniority to Presithe Twelve, with wide experience in the Welfare

dent Lee, being set apart as acting president of the Program, Church business, and, of late, the entire

Council of the Twelve by President Lee. Church Correlation Program, of which he has been

Elder Hugh B. Brown, formerly first counselor chairman of the executive committee. He is a respected

in the First Presidency under President McKay, retheologian and a man of great spiritual reserves, and sumed his calling in the Council of the Twelve, with is well qualified to carry the great burdens that press seniority following Elder Richard L. Evans and preupon the First Presidency.

ceding Elder Howard W. Hunter. President Tanner has been a member of the General

The ordination of President Smith as President of Authorities since 1960, when he was called to be an the Church leaves a vacancy in the Council of the Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. Two years

Twelve, which is expected to be filled in April at the later he was sustained a member of the Council of the general conference of the Church. Twelve, and a year later as second counselor to PresiElder Thorpe B. Isaacson, formerly a counselor dent David O. McKay in the First Presidency. He has

to the First Presidency under President McKay, respent most of his life in Canada, where he was minsumed his position as an Assistant to the Council of ister of lands in the Province of Alberta before being the Twelve, with seniority following Elder Theodore named president of a Canadian oil company. His ad-

M. Burton and preceding Elder Boyd K. Packer. ministrative acumen has been well used in the First

Elder Alvin R. Dyer, also formerly a counselor Presidency as have his great qualities of fairness, into the First Presidency under President McKay, retegrity, and decency, which have won friends for the

sumed his position as an Assistant to the Council of Church in many walks of life.

the Twelve, with seniority following Elder Henry D. Elder Kimball was ordained an apostle October 7,

Taylor and preceding Elder Franklin D. Richards 1943, after having served as a stake president in

President Joseph Fielding Smith is called to the Arizona. In recent years he has carried increasing represidency after nearly 60 years as an apostle of the sponsibilities, particularly as chairman of the appropriaLord Jesus Christ. He was ordained to the apostletions committee of the Church and as chairman of the

ship April 7, 1910, by his father, President Joseph F. Indian Affairs Committee, where he has directed the

Smith, then the sixth President of the Church. He has widely acclaimed Church Indian program. Elder

been president of the Council of the Twelve since Kimball's conference addresses and writings have

April 9, 1951, and a counselor to the First Presidency been admired for many years.

under President David O. McKay since October 1965. Since Sunday, January 25, 1970, members meeting

President Smith, a grandson of Hyrum Smith, who in stake conferences throughout the Church have been was Patriarch to the Church and fellow martyr with sustaining the new prophet, seer, and revelator, and his brother the Prophet Joseph Smith at Carthage, the new First Presidency. The general membership

Illinois, in 1844, is the third person with the name and all officers and leaders of the Church will have

Joseph Smith to be President of the Church. the opportunity of sustaining these admired and reHe has been identified also with the Church Hisspected fellowbrethren in April at the 140th annual

torian's Office since 1901, when he began working general conference of the Church. O

Era, February 1970 3 Photo by Lignell & Gill President Harold B. Lee

First Counselor in the First Presidency

President N. Eldon Tanner Photo by William Beal

Second Counselor in the First Presidency

President David 0. McKay at

general conference in April 1953

sickroom. For the first time, he

failed to recognize me.

Then I had to accept the realization that the Lord had chosen not to answer our pleadings as we would have had them answered, and that he was going to take him home to himself.

Thankfully, he rallied again later in the day. Several days preceding that visit, as President Clark

and I were considering problems of import pertaining to the Church, he, ever solicitous of the welfare of the Church and of my feelings, would say, "The responsibility will be yours to make this decision,"but each time I would refuse to face what to him seemed a reality.

When that reality came, as I The tone and intimation of things to come during the 19 years tell you, I was deeply moved.

of President David 0. McKay's administration were set in his first And I am today, and pray that I

address as President of the Church. This address was delivered at may, even though inadequately,

the solemn assembly held Monday morning, April 9, 1951, in the be able to tell you how weighty

Tabernacle immediately following his being sustained by those this responsibility seems.

present as the ninth President, prophet, seer, and revelator of The The Lord has said that the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Persons present at three presiding high priests

the time have remarked, "Who could forget the majestic and allchosen by the body, appointed encompassing humility of the occasion, his several moments of and ordained to this office of silent, freeflowing tears as he commanded all his personal will presidency, are to be "upheld by to control his deeply felt emotions? It was an occasion and a speech the confidence, faith, and prayer

that can never be forgotten!"The Era is pleased to present this of the Church."No one can

inspiring speech as the Editor's Page this month. preside over this Church without

first being in tune with the head

Savior, Jesus Christ. He is ourThe Greatest Responsibility of the Church, our Lord and

head. This is his Church. Without his divine guidance and The Greatest Honor constant inspiration, we cannot

By President David 0. McKay succeed. With his guidance, with

his inspiration, we cannot fail.

My beloved fellow workers, that the realization came to me Next to that as a sustaining brethren and sisters: I wish it that this responsibility of leaderpotent power comes the confiwere within my power of expresship would probably fall upon dence, faith, prayers, and united

sion to let you know what my my shoulders. I received word support of the Church.

true feelings are on this mothat President George Albert I pledge to you that I shall do mentous occasion. I would wish Smith had taken a turn for the my best so to live as to merit

that you might look into my worse, and that the doctor the companionship of the Holy heart and see there for yourthought the end was not far off. Spirit, and pray here in your

selves just what those feelings I hastened to his bedside, and presence that my counselors and are. with his weeping daughters, son, I may indeed be "partakers of

It is just one week ago today and other kinfolk, I entered his the divine spirit."

Next to that, unitedly we plead came over his radio, which he and those of the others also. Rewith you for a continuation of has in his barn, that President turning the basin to the side of

your love and confidence as you Smith had passed. He sensed the door, ungirding himself, and

have expressed it today. From what that would mean to his putting on his robe, he returned

you members of the Twelve we former fellow townsman, and he to his position with the Twelve ask for that love and sympathy left his barn and went to the and said:

expressed in our sacred Council. house and told his wife. Imme- "Ye call me Master and Lord

From the Assistants to the diately they called their little and ye say well; for so I am.

Twelve, the Patriarch, the First children, and there in that hum- "If I then, your Lord and

Council of the Seventy, the Preble home, suspending their activMaster, have washed your feet;

siding Bishopric, we ask that the ities, they knelt down as a family ye also ought to wash one anspirit of unity, expressed so ferand offered prayer. The signifiother's feet."(John 13:1314.)

vently by our Lord and Savior cance of that scene I leave for What an example of service to when he was saying goodbye to you to understand. Multiply that those great servants, followers

the Twelve, may be manifest by by a hundred thousand, two hunof the Christ! He that is greatus all. dred thousand, half a million est among you, let him be least.

You remember he said, as he homes, and see the power in the So we sense the obligation to be left them: "And now I am no unity and prayers, and the susof greater service to the memmore in the world, but these are taining influence in the body of bership of the Church, to devote

in the world, and I come to thee. the Church. our lives to the advancement of

Holy Father, keep through thine Today you have by your vote the kingdom of God on earth.

own name those whom thou hast placed upon us the greatest reGod bless you, brothers and given me, that they may be one, sponsibility, as well as the greatsisters. May the spirit of this

as we are. est honor, that lies within your occasion remain in our hearts.

"Neither pray I for these power to bestow as members of May it be felt throughout the alone, but for them also which The Church of Jesus Christ of uttermost parts of the earth, shall believe on me through their Latterday Saints. Your doing wherever there is a branch in all

word; so increases the duty of the First the world, that that spirit might

"That they all may be one; as Presidency to render service to be a unifying power in increasthou, Father, art in me, and I in the people. ing the testimony of the divinity

thee, that they also may be one When the Savior was about to of this work, that it may grow in us; that the world may believe leave his apostles, he gave them in its influence for good in the

that thou hast sent me."(John a great example of service. You establishment of peace through17:11, 2021.) remember he girded himself with out the world.

Brethren and sisters, brethren a towel and washed his disciples'I bear you my testimony that of the General Authorities, God feet. Peter, feeling it was a the head of this Church is our

keep us as one, overlooking menial work for a servant, said, Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. I

. know the reality of his existence,weaknesses we may see, keeping "... dost thou wash my feet?..

an eye single to the glory of God Thou shalt never wash my feet."of his willingness to guide and

and the advancement of his The Savior answered, "If I direct all who serve him. I know

work. wash thee not, thou hast no part he restored, with his Father, to

And now to the members of with me."the Prophet Joseph Smith the

the Church: We all need your "Nay then,"said the chief gospel of Jesus Christ in its fullhelp, your faith and prayers, not apostle. "Not my feet only, but ness. I know that these brethren

your adverse criticisms, but also my hands and my head."whom you have sustained today

your help. You can do that in "He that is washed needeth are men of God. I love them.

prayer if you cannot reach us in not save to wash his feet, but is Don't you think anything else.

person. The potency of those clean every whit,"the Master God's will has been done.

prayers throughout the Church replied. May we have increased power

came to me yesterday when I re- "What I do thou knowest not to be true to the responsibilities ceived a letter from a neighbor now; but thou shalt know herethat the Lord and you have

in my old home town. He was after."(See John 13:6, 8-10, 7.) placed upon us, I pray in the

milking his cows when the word And then he washed his feet, name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Era, February 1970 7 iin

David McKay, Q By Jay M. Todd,

Assistant Managing Editor, and Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Editor 18731970 Research Illustrated by Gary Kapp Courtesy BYU Banyon - 1970 I*

f/,*>

K"* ** N /

i

can be said when a About midnight, congestion of WhatProphet is called back to the heart developed and steadily our Heavenly Father? A worsened. Several hours prior to

Prophet who has gloriously comhis death, the President lapsed into pleted—in the words of the immor- a coma. He had been in failing

tal hymn—'all you sent me forth health for several months and in a

to do"?* weakening condition for several

David O. McKay, ninth President days with complications of heart

of The Church of Jesus Christ of and kidney failure. Although for

Latterday Saints, died peacefully some time he had been confined to in his ninetyseventh year at his a wheelchair and had experienced

Hotel Utah apartment at 6:00 a.m. difficulties in speech, he had met

on the peaceful Sabbath morning of regularly with Church authorities

January 18, 1970. During the hours to discuss and review Church

after midnight, members of his famoperations.

ily had arrived to be at his bedside. Every Latterday Saint felt a personal loss with the death of David

'Oh, my Father,"by Eliza R. Snow. (a biblical name meaning "beloved")

r%- by President Joseph F. Smith, and

rendered remarkable service in the

First Presidency to President Heber

J. Grant and President George Albert Smith before beginning his

own administration in 1951, an administration that has been unparalleled in the history of the Church.

For 64 years Latterday Saints saw him as an official apostolic ambassador at the pulpits of their wards and stakes. They saw him

in the missions; they saw him at the

pulpit of the Tabernacle and heard his voice and saw his image in their homes by way of the miracles of radio and television. They have

felt his influence in their lives.

Although relatively few had personal conversation with him or

President McKay surrounded by students following a Brigham Young University address shook his hand, he was a personal influence in their lives. The members of the Church will miss him, as

will the countless nonmembers, worldwide, who were among his everexpanding circle of friends.

The David O. McKay era—the

period during which he served as

President of the Church, from April 9, 1951, until January 18, 1970—has indeed been a golden age

for the Church.

President McKay saw the size of the Church nearly triple—from one

Hugh J. Cannon and Elder David 0. McKay in 1921 on their world tour of Church missions million in 1951 to nearly three milOman (his grandmother's maiden years after the Church was orgalion at the time of his death, and

name) McKay. He was born Sepnized by the Prophet Joseph Smith. the number of stakes grew from

tember 8, 1873, in the northern Brigham Young was then President 184 to an even 500. In spearheadUtah alpine farm community of of the Church. ing this growth, he traveled apHuntsville, in a corner bedroom of As young David grew, the proximately one million miles to

the family stone house, the first son Church grew—and seemingly, every become the most widely traveled

and third child of David and personal milestone in his life can Church President in history—far

Jennette Evans McKay, Scottishbe related in time to great milemore than the ancient apostle

Welsh emigrant converts. His stones in Church history: he was whom he most admired, the apostle

father had emigrated from Scotland baptized when President John Paul. He visited all the missions in

at the age of 12, and his mother had Taylor presided over the Church, Europe and was the first President emigrated from Wales at the age received his mission call under the ever to visit missions in South of six. direction of President Wilford Africa, South America, the Pacific

He was born less than four years Woodruff, was married in the Salt isles, New Zealand, and Australia.

after the completion of the transLake Temple when President The number of missions more than continental railroad, 26 years after Lorenzo Snow held the sacred doubled, to 88 in number, and the the pioneers had entered the valley priesthood sealing powers, was unpaid, fulltime missionary force of the Great Salt Lake, and 43 called to the Council of the Twelve grew from about 2,000 to more

10 Era, February 1970 than 12,000. He instituted three sive remodeling in other Church 19 years. The world was brought to

language training schools for mishospitals, many seminary and instimore appreciation of the Church, sionaries, at Brigham Young Unitute buildings throughout the and the Church was brought to versity, Ricks College, and Church Church, greatly enlarged college more appreciation of the goodCollege of Hawaii. campuses at Brigham Young Uninesses of mankind found within the

The entry of the Church into versity and Ricks College, the conworld. Parents were brought to

public places, such as world fairs, struction of the Church College of more appreciation of and love for and the establishment of visitors Hawaii, and the building of about their children, and children were centers reflect President McKay's 60 elementary and high school combrought to more appreciation of and great mission of placing the message plexes throughout the South Seas, love for their parents. Family ties

of the Church in the mainstream of Central America, and South Amerwere knit even more closely, and life. His famous statement, "Every ica. Construction was recently marital bonds were enriched. Indimember a missionary,"and subsebegun on a 25story Church Adminviduals were brought closer to God

quent counsel enlisted members istration Building, scheduled for and God was brought closer to inChurch-wide in the missionary completion in 1972. dividuals as countless millions

cause. President McKay's impressive adopted gospel principles and

Never in the history of the influence was felt deeply in other heeded President McKay's great

Church has there been such a significant matters that have greatly and majestic pleas for the building builder as President McKay. Since altered the makeup of the Church. of man's most priceless possession1951, over 3,750 Church buildings Under his inspired direction the personal character.

have been constructed throughout creation of the farreaching Church All of these general Church the world. (With those now under Correlation Program was instituted. achievements reflect the selfsame

construction or in planning stages, Giant strides were taken to weld qualities of brilliance, wisdom, love, the total is 4,411 buildings for his together in common purpose all the imagination, and transparent goodadministration.) This number is far energies and facilities of the ness that were within the man.

greater than the number built in Church's administration and proIndeed, these achievements simply the first 120 years of the Church. grams, particularly as the goals mirror the nature of David Oman

Of the buildings constructed under of the Church were expressed McKay. In a similar manner they

his administration, over 2,000 of through the four priesthood proreflect the home environment in them are ward and branch chapels. grams—home teaching, missionary, which he grew, unconsciously asUnder his direction, eight temples welfare, and genealogy. In addition, similating the remarkable virtues

were built or announced: Los the family home evening program—and characteristics found in the

Angeles Temple, Swiss Temple, which has received international home of his father and mother,

London Temple, New Zealand acclaim for its concept of strengthDavid and Jennette Evans McKay.

Temple, Oakland Temple, Ogden ening the family unit—was develYoung David began mortality as

Temple, Provo Temple, and the oped. Notable changes in Church a farm boy on the mountain valley

Washington Temple. The complegovernment were applied by Presiacres that he himself was to operate

tion of the latter three will bring to dent McKay, including the addiand own throughout his life. Al15 the total number of temples in tion of several counselors in the though he was to preach in many

use by the Church, of which more First Presidency, additional Asfar-off places, among many tongues than half will have been instituted sistants to the Council of the and peoples, his listeners always under President McKay's adminisTwelve, and the calling of Regional delighted in his sermon lessons of tration. (Associated with the growth Representatives of the Twelve; in his horses, Dandy and Sonny Boy,

in number of temples has been the addition, members of the First and a family bobsled party was at worldwide stature achieved by the Council of the Seventy have been least a once-a-year tradition.

Church's Genealogical Society. Sufordained to the office of high Many of his stories that intrigued

ficient records are now on micropriest. and charmed listeners reflected his

film for genealogical use throughout Indeed, in all things the kingdom love for the things and people of the the Church to fill over three million of God on earth progressed greatly soil. Until late in life, he could be

300page books.) and was blessed greatly by the found in moments of leisure at the

Other building projects include wise, beloved, and inspired leaderfarm, caring for stock, training his the $10million David O. McKay ship of David Oman McKay as he horses, cutting hay, plowing land,

Hospital in Ogden, as well as extenpresided over the Church for nearly and doing the duties he learned

achieved naturally and supremely.") determined to train and qualify

Young David grew to manhood himself for a career in the field of loving the things his father loved, secular education. (Interestingly, he

loving nature, liking most of all to was to make some of his greatest be in the saddle, riding among the contributions in the field of rehills, there to spend hours in conligious education.) Hence, he attemplation. tended the University of Utah

The McKay family of David's normal school, located at the time youth knew tragedy early, as the a few blocks west of Temple dread diphtheria swept through the Square, for three years. His years

community during the winter of there left a deep impression upon 187778, claiming 20 children, inhim, and he similarly impressed his cluding young David's two older associates—he was graduated as

sisters, Margaret and Elena. class president and valedictorian of

When David was seven, his his class and had played guard on first assistant he became Elder McKay when father was called to return to his the first school football team. His

superintendent of the School, 1909 Sunday native Scotland as a Mormon schooling also brought him into missionary. The father debated contact with his wifeto-be, Emma

whether to accept the call, finally Ray Riggs, daughter of the Englishtelling his wife that he would ask woman with whom he boarded for a postponement until after the while attending school. After his

expected baby had joined the famgraduation, the young couple deily circle. She looked at him, layed their wedding plans as he

knowing his love for her, and said, accepted a call to serve in the "David, you go on that mission. British Mission. So, in the sumYou go now. The Lord wants you mer of 1897, 23year-old David O.

now, not a year from now, and he McKay was ordained a seventy and will take care of me."He left in the left for Europe, where he served, as

spring of 1881, ten days before the had his father some 15 years prebaby, Annie, was born; she joined 7- viously, in Glasgow, Scotland. As

yearold David, 5-yearold Thomas, a missionary he presided over the and 3-yearold Jeannette. Such was Glasgow conference from March

He was always at home in the South Seas the spirit and feeling for the Church 1898 to September 1899.

in that home, a tone that shaped the Some years ago a researcher, under the hand of his father. lives of the children, including the pouring through the Church misOnce when President McKay young prophetto-be. (When the sionary records, found an appraisal

was conversing with the late Presfather returned, he found that an of Elder David O. McKay, made by

ton Nibley, former assistant Church addition to the house that he had his mission president upon complehistorian, Brother Nibley remarked hoped to build had been built in tion of Elder McKay's mission. The

on the many noted persons that the his absence.) appraisal reads:

President had met during his long It was not long after the elder "As a speaker: Good.

life and asked, "President McKay, David McKay's return from his "As a writer: Good.

who is the greatest man you have mission that he was called as "As a presiding officer: Very

ever met?"He replied without bishop of the Huntsville Ward. He good.

hesitation, "My father."later was called as Weber Stake "Has he a good knowledge of the

(Of his mother, President McKay high councilor and as Weber Stake gospel? Yes.

had written: "I cannot think of a patriarch. Active in civic offices, he "Has he been energetic? Very.

womanly virtue that my mother did served in the last territorial legisla- "Is he discreet and does he carry not possess.... She was beautiful ture and three terms as senator in a good influence? Yes, sir!

and dignified.""To make home the the Utah Legislature before his "Remarks: None better in the

most pleasant place in the world death in 1917. mission."

for her husband and children was At the completion of his regular This was written in 1899.

her constant aim, which she public schooling, David O. McKay President McKay's mission ex12

perience fortified him throughout his life, particularly his experience of coming across an inscription, "Whate'er Thou Art, Act Well Thy

Part,"at a time of discouragement.

However, another mission incident was told by the President himself at a general conference. The incident occurred as the elders in

Scotland were at a conference presided over by President James L.

McMurrin: "I remember as if it were yesterday, the intensity of the inspiration of that occasion. Everybody

felt the rich outpouring of the

Spirit of the Lord. All present were

truly of one heart and one mind.

Never before had I experienced such an emotion. It was a manifestation for which, as a doubting

youth, I had secretly prayed most earnestly on hillside and in meadow. It was an assurance to me

that sincere prayer is answered 'sometime, somewhere.'

The Holy Ghost, he testified, was poured out upon the elders until "tears were flowing down their cheeks... not in sorrow or grief,

but as an expression of the overflowing Spirit.... One elder while

bearing testimony declared, 'BrethPresident McKay presided at the dedication of the Hyde Park chapel, London, in 1961 ren, there are angels in this room!'

"To this, President McMurrin carried the message of the restored His mission over, David O. Mcarose, testifying, 'Yes, brethren, gospel to my grandfather and Kay began teaching at Weber

there are angels in this room!'Then grandmother who had accepted the Academy (now Weber State Colturning to Elder McKay, he spoke message years before in the north lege) at Ogden, 13 miles down the

prophetically, 'Let me say to you, of Scotland and in South Wales."canyon from Huntsville. Almost as

Brother David, Satan hath desired (Through the holy calling and soon as he had arrived home, he you that he might sift you as wheat, inspired utterances of a patriarch also went to Salt Lake City to rebut God is mindful of you.... If at the time he received his patrinew his proposal of marriage to

you will keep the faith, you will archal blessing at age 12, young Emma Ray Riggs. During his

yet sit in the leading councils of David was informed that "the eye mission, Emma Ray had graduated the Church!'of the Lord is upon you.... At an from the University of Utah, reAfter President McKay had reearly date you must be prepared ceiving special attainments in music

vealed this testimony, he declared for a responsible position.... You—a training that was to be of warm

humbly, "With the resolve then shall see much of the world, you and happy value to her ward and and there to keep the faith, there shall 'assist in gathering scattered stake and to her family.

was born a desire to be of service Israel.'... It shall be your lot to They were married in the Salt

to my fellowmen, and with it a sit in council with your brethLake Temple January 2, 1901.

realization, a glimpse at least, of ren.... You shall preside among David O. McKay was 27 years old.

what I owed to the elder who first the people.") From that time his thoughts were

Era, February 1970 13 never far from her and their fam- "Willingly and ably she has lady. Her education has enabled

ily. To this inspiring couple were carried the responsibility of the her to be a true helpmate; her

born five sons and two daughters: household. congeniality and interest in my

Royle Riggs McKay (who died in "Uncomplainingly she has econowork, a pleasing companion; her

his early youth), David Lawrence mized when our means have been charm and unselfishness, a lifelong

McKay, Dr. Llewelyn Riggs Mclimited. sweetheart; her unbounded paKay, Lou Jean McKay Blood, "Always prompt with meals, she tience and intelligent insight to

Emma Rae McKay Ashton, Dr. Edhas never said an unpleasant word childhood, a most devoted mother;

ward Riggs McKay, and Robert or even shown a frown when I have—these and many other virtues,

Riggs McKay. There are 22 kept her waiting, sometimes for combined with her loyalty and selfgrandchildren and 22 greatgrand- hours. sacrificing devotion to her husband,

children. "If I had to take a train at midimpel me to crown her the sweetest,

Their 69 years of marital comnight or later, she would either sit most helpful, most inspiring sweetpanionship stand as one of the up with me or lie awake to make heart and wife that ever inspired a longest among modern world figsure that I should not oversleep. man to noble endeavor.

ures, and by all odds is likely the "If duty required me to leave at "To her we owe our happy family most famous. Their loving associafive o'clock in the morning, she was life and whatever success we may

tion, known for its mutual courtesy never satisfied unless she could prehave achieved!"

and kind consideration, not only pare me a bite of breakfast before President McKay's legacy in the became a tradition and an ideal I left home. area of love at home will be talked

among Latterday Saints, but it was "It has been mother who rememof for generations, a source of inalso a symbol of what can be in a bered the birthdays and purchased spiration and guidance for countworld where family separations and the Christmas presents. less millions. His great message

marital infidelities are often com- "Since January 2, 1901, the happy to this age centered on the sanctity monplace. To many it has seemed day when she became my bride, she and importance of the home—and

that God left them together so long has never given me a single worry few men were blessed with better for just such a purpose. In paying except when she was ill and that resources of such long duration as

tribute to his wife, President McKay has been, with few exceptions, only was he.

once wrote to his children: with the responsibilities of motherThe desire to teach mankind of

"Aptly it has been said that, hood. the potential of a good home life

'Often a woman shapes the career "Thus my mind has been remarkreflected President McKay's great of husband, or brother, or son.'A ably free to center upon the background in education. A year

man succeeds and reaps the honors problems, cares, and requirements following his marriage, and about of public applause, when in truth incident to my duties and responsitwo years after he began teaching a quiet little woman has made it bilities. at Weber Academy, he was apall possible—has by her tact and "In sickness, whether it was one pointed superintendent at the

encouragement held him to his of you or I, her untiring attention academy, a position he held until best, has had faith in him when night and day was devotion personi1908 and "over which he presided his own faith has languished, has fied; her practical skill, invariably with great credit and distinguished

cheered him with the unfailing aseffective; and her physical endurability,"as President J. Reuben

surance 'you can, you must, you ance, seemingly unlimited. Many Clark, Jr., was to recall many years

will/ an ache and pain she has endured later.

"I need not tell you children how in uncomplaining silence so as not His first postmission Church fittingly this tribute applies to your to give the least worry to the loved assignments were in education also mother. All through the years you one to whom she was giving such—in the Sunday School. Shortly

have seen how perfectly she fills tender care. after his return from the mission

the picture. There is not a line or "Never to this day have you field in 1899, he was called as sec-

a touch but is applicable.... heard your mother say a cross or ond assistant superintendent of

"I want to acknowledge to you disrespectful word. This can be Weber Stake Sunday School, and it

and to her, how greatly her loving said truthfully, I think, of but few was in this organization that his devotion, inspiration, and loyal women in the world. love of teaching, his natural adminsupport have contributed to what- "Under all conditions and circumistrative talents, and his progressive,

ever success may be ours. stances, she has been the perfect everlearning nature began to

forcefully manifest themselves. served on all three boards. Later In many locales, particularly in

In the first days of April 1906, in life he was to receive honorary the South Seas, Elder McKay was

David O. McKay received a call to doctorates from those three schools, the first General Authority ever to

attend general conference in Salt as well as from Temple University visit.

Lake City. In discussing the matin Philadelphia, and he was honThey first visited Japan, China

ter, he and Emma Ray thought that ored by numerous educational (which Elder McKay dedicated for if anything important were inorganizations throughout America the 'preaching of the gospel), and volved—other than asking his opinwith honorary memberships.) Hawaii. They returned for a short

ion about educational matters—it From this extensive background visit with their families and then

might be a call to serve as Church of talent, training, experience, departed by boat for the South commissioner of education. But to years of leadership responsibility—Seas. The experiences of those

their surprise, he was called to fill as well as a natural interest in and months in the South Seas—Tahiti,

a vacancy in the Council of the love for education—it is easy to see Fiji, Samoa, Tonga, New ZealandTwelve, and thus began his record the source of the great advanceinvolved some great pentecostal

of 64 years as a General Authority ments made in Church education events, including the gift of interof the Church. He was 32 years since he became President of the pretation of tongues, as well as speold at the time. Church. Not only did the seminary cial outpourings of the Spirit. It

With this holy calling, David O. and institute and Church school was a tour that forever held the

McKay's life was forever changed—systems become worldwide with a Saints of the islands close to the

chartered undeniably upon its vast system of campuses and course heart of President McKay. Brother

divine course. His abilities and inwork, but in addition, priesthood Cannon wrote: "For years Saints

terests in education prompted his and auxiliary education within the had prayed for the privilege of first appointment: some six months Church was greatly stimulated, seeing with their own eyes an

after taking his seat in the Council altered, refined, and made more Apostle of the Lord. This plea had

of the Twelve, he was called as effective under the careful tutebeen granted. They had seen him,

second assistant general superinlage of President McKay, as he had pressed his hand, not a few tendent of the Deseret Sunday pointedly counseled general Church had kissed it and bathed it in their

School Union, under President auxiliary presidencies and supertears, had listened to his inspired

Joseph F. Smith as superintendent. intendents and general board words and had received additional

He became first assistant in 1909, members. confirmation of their faith that the

and in 1918 he was called as general His interests took a new turn in Almighty does have divinely chosen superintendent. 1920 when he received one of the men to lead his people."So intense

As a teacher and motivator of most unusual assignments ever and spiritual was the parting at youth—and as a teacher and motigiven a member of the Council of Sauniatu, Samoa, that the Saints

vator of those who work with youth the Twelve. He was called by erected a monument at the scene

—he was widely admired. RecogPresident Heber J. Grant "to make where they said farewell. Yearly,

nizing his superior talents in the a general survey of the missions, the Saints in the area have gathered field of education, President Heber study conditions there, gather data on the anniversary of that day,

J. Grant appointed him commisconcerning them, and in short, obknown as McKay Day, to review

sioner of education for the Church, tain general information in order those events and the prayer given a post he held from 1919 to 1921. that there may be someone in the by the apostle.

In 1921 he was appointed to the deliberations of the First PresiFrom the Pacific isles, the two

Board of Regents of the University dency and the Council of the men went to Australia, stopping at of Utah, the school from which he Twelve thoroughly familiar with Java, Singapore, Burma, India, was graduated 25 years previously. actual conditions."Aden, Egypt, the Holy Land, and

A year later he was awarded an And thus began a 13month, then continued up through Europe honorary master of arts degree from 62,000mile tour, as he sailed over to England and home to America.

Brigham Young University. (He all oceans except the Arctic Ocean Elder McKay's report and appraisal

later served on the Board of Trusand visited all missions of the of the work greatly benefitted tees at Utah State Agricultural Church except South Africa. AcChurch leaders, in addition to sugCollege and on the Board of Truscompanying him as his assigned gesting a new area of emphasis for

tees of Brigham Young University, companion was Hugh J. Cannon, 49year-old David O. McKay. His

the only known person to have president of Liberty Stake. view of the Church took on a new

Era, February 1970 15 *r 1S worldwide view, an insight that he was to draw upon heavily when he became President. He had learned

firsthand of the love, devotion, true equality, talents, and brotherhood of the Saints in different lands and cultures. More than anything else,

this tour influenced his already deeply based compassionate nature to guide members of the Church in understanding their real and eternal brotherhood with all mankind.

The year's experience also reminded him of the great value of missionary work and set his course;

for years later he would turn the whole Church toward an inspired concept—"Every member a missionary."His missionary spirit must

have been contagious, for he had been home but a few months when the First Presidency called him to the presidency of the European

Mission. So, accompanied by his

family, he departed for England, where in the next two years he was able to implement his ideas on proselyting that he had envisioned while traveling around the world and that he would use with such great effectiveness during his presidency years later that they would bring upwards of 100,000 converts Breaking ground for the At Greenock, Scotland, 1955, President Mcyearly into the Church. It was at London Temple, 1955 Kay greets members of the arriving Choir

this time that many of the families many responsibilities that befall (This record is exceeded only by of the Church began calling him members of the Council of the that of President Joseph F. Smith,

President McKay—the title by Twelve. who was a member of the First

which he had been known in the Then on October 6, 1934, followPresidency for slightly over 38

European Mission presidency. ing the death of President Anthony years.)

He returned home in 1924 and W. Ivins, former first counselor to Oneof the first changes that was

resumed his work as superintendent President Grant, President J. Reumade after President McKay enof the Sunday School and his reguben Clark, Jr., was advanced to tered the First Presidency was his

lar duties as a member of the first counselor and David O. Mcown release from the Sunday

Council of the Twelve. During Kay, at 61 years of age, was apSchool and the calling of nonthe next decade he continued to pointed as second counselor. Thus General Authorities as officers and

carry important assignments in the began his nearly 17 years as a board members of both the Sunday

Council of the Twelve, particularly counselor in the First Presidency, School and the Young Men's Mutraveling to conferences and other in which he was inextricably entual Improvement Association.

Church assignments throughout the twined in the major decisions of Those were difficult days—the

West in whitetop, horsedrawn the Church, followed by almost 19 mid1980s. The depression and the

buggies, trains, and the new and years as President of the Church, specter of the coming world war better automobiles of the period. for a total of nearly 36 years as a pressed heavily upon the world.

He was maturing in the varied and member of the First Presidency. The Church Welfare Program was

Era, February 1970 17 from DESERET BOOK KNOWLEDGE ABOUT LIVING

1. DRUGS, DRINKS AND MORALS The book begins with the story of the untimely death of

by Elder Mark E. Petersen Art Linkletter's daughter which was related to the use of LSD.

About life today, here is a book everyone should have and read. Other interesting stories concern liquor, tobacco and immorThis is NOT A MORALIZING PRESENTATION, but rather the ality and their relationship to the tremendous increase in

CLEAR, SCIENTIFIC, and STATISTICAL FACTS with a positive crime, mental illness and a general moral decay in America today.

approach for youth and parents to follow. Hardbound $1.95 Paperback.35

2. LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH $4.95 3. THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS 4. OUR FAMILY THROUGH THE YEARS

Compiled by Joseph Fielding Smith SPEAKS $5.95 Genealogy binder $3.95 plus postage

Read the story of a man who lived an intense and VOLUME II by Roy W. Doxey With drawings of each of the LDS Temples on its front

life.interestingly active is this attractive binder book This of remembrance is side, just off the this press month, VOLUME, NEW

the The life of for all families, be appropriate sixth president of the Church of a expandable, and will sequel to with It begins the Volume I. study of SecJesus Christ of Latterday Saints is closely tied to the tion 73 and continues on through this important regardless of the temple in which the parents were

persecution, early history and growth of the Church. latterday book of scriptures. married.

of the son Joseph's He was brother, Prophet Hyrum, the lifetime author a of revelaThe the study has made inborn of six. at 1838 orphaned and the age tions of this directives great and explains and book

He commenced life surrounded by a spirit of hate them simply and effectively herein.

and vile wickedness. Yet he grew to become a man Copies of Volume I are also available at $5.95.

of faith, integrity, love, and leadership, under the guidance of his mother who taught him strict obedience to the laws of God. ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Please send me items circled: 12 3 4

Total cost $ This must include 4Vz% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange. Paid by

check, rj money order, or [J charge established account.

Also include 250 for each book ordered to cover handling and mailing.

Name Book Address

City State Zip February 1970 Era organized, and President McKay he toured Europe; in 1954, South initiated during the 1950s. Throughjoined other General Authorities in Africa, South America, and Central out the last decade, President Mcgoing throughout the Church, exAmerica; and in 1955, Hawaii, the Kay's labors were directed toward

plaining and organizing the plan, islands of the Pacific, and Australia. strengthening the programs: buildand spending much time on the Thereafter, he returned to Europe ing even better priesthood leaderproblems incident to the period. and the Pacific isles to break ship throughout the Church,

Even so, busy as he was, he never ground and to dedicate temples and fortifying the home through better forgot the young people of the colleges that his previous tours had family home evening and home

Church. On countless midweek indicated were needed. Truly, teaching experiences, increasing the

evenings he would, upon appointPresident McKay desired to bring Saints'desires to experience love ment, take Sister McKay to an asthe schools (with their saving truths for their brothers through better sembly of M Men and Gleaners or of knowledge) and the temples missionary service for the living other young Latterday Saints, (with their saving ordinances of and increased temple ordinances where he would speak on the prinsalvation) to the membership of the for the dead. It was a decade of

ciples of happy courtship and marChurch; no longer would the Saints refinement, a decade that ably used

riage. of those areas have to save for a the educational and administrative

The early years of the 1940s were lifetime for the privilege of making talents and wisdom of the President.

years of world war, and with other one journey to a temple or suffer His great and stirring pronouncemembers of the First Presidency, without the benefit of education. ments at the general conferences of

President McKay was a source Another result of these tours was the Church centered upon the of great strength and assurance to President McKay's decision to give home and its divine role in saving members of the Church during the Saints full priesthood leadership souls. His thoughts and expressions

those trying times. At the death of in their respective areas; hence, he became standards not only for

President Heber J. Grant in May directed that stakes with local Latterday Saints; people through1945, he was again called as secleadership be organized throughout the world also respected his

ond counselor, this time to Presiout the world. Zion's borders were wisdom, inspired utterances, and

dent George Albert Smith. indeed being enlarged, her banner friendship. Consequently, many

Upon the death of President being beautifully unfurled. And honors were bestowed upon him,

Smith, President David Oman Mcwherever he traveled he sought out making him a widely recognized

Kay was sustained by the membermeetings with top government leader among men and bringing ship of the Church on April 9, 1951, leaders, expressing the true misrespect and goodwill to the Church.

as the ninth President of the sion of the Church, correcting misTruly David Oman McKay was

Church. That for which he had conceptions, leaving a spirit of given to our day through the spebeen preparing for 77 years had friendship that was to bless the cial love and purposes of the Lord.

come to pass. (It was 45 years to Church many times over. He served longer as President than

the day since he had been ordained His leadership and innovative six of the other eight Presidents of an apostle.) At a time when most and administrative abilities were the Church. Only two—President

men would already have been reeverywhere present, even in the Heber J. Grant and President Brigtired for some 12 years from their vast business responsibilities of the ham Young—served longer. Well

occupations, David O. McKay beChurch. A revised financial strucover half of the members of the

gan to break ground for one of the ture was established; the President Church today have known no other

most aweinspiring periods ever of the Church became chairman of President of the Church.

directed by a President of the the boards of all Church businesses; He was a Prophet of God who

Church. and fulltime presidents were knew that he was on the Lord's

Having learned from his 192021 named to head businesses that had errand and that nothing could stay world tour that nothing can take taken so much of the time of prethe hand of the Lord in the onrush the place of firsthand information, vious Church leaders, whose efforts of his kingdom on earth. We have

President McKay determined to were needed more in spiritual and been blessed to have lived during travel widely during those early religious matters. his administration, to have heard

years of his administration, and by The decade of the sixties was his voice and felt his presence. It

doing so, he became the first Presimore than anything else a period has been an honor and privilege to dent of the Church ever to travel of development and refinement of have been guided by such as he to many of the missions. In 1952 the programs and concepts he toward the Christlike life. O

Era, February 1970 19 People from all walks of life passed by the funeral bier, where President McKay's body lay in state in the Church Office Building

Tributes and Messages of Sympathy

passing to his wife beloved and to members and family Folloiving the announcement of the death his as a world the around and nonmembers him who accepted of President David 0. McKay, hundreds of great spiritual leader.

letters, telegrams, and other expressions of love and sympathy began arriving at Church Washington State Senate Resolution 1970Ex. 10, adopted

headquarters. Printed herewith are excerpts January 19, 1970:

from some of these messages: WHEREAS, David O. McKay, President of the Church

of Jesus Christ of the Latterday Saints, since 1951, and one

Senate Resolution 314: of that church's most distinguished leaders, died on Sunday,

January 18, 1970 in Salt Lake City, Utah; and

In the Senate of the United States, January 21, 1970, the WHEREAS, President McKay guided the church in its following Resolution was passed unanimously. growth from one million members to nearly three million

RESOLVED THAT the Senate has learned with great members during the period of his presidency; and

sorrow and regret of the death of David O. McKay, late WHEREAS, his leadership has been the source of inspiraPresident of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. tion to all the members of his church, among whom are

RESOLVED THAT as a token of its respect and admiranumbered many citizens of the state of Washington, who by tion for his long and dedicated services as humanitarian, their personal lives and dedication to the lofty ideals of the missionary, church leader and President of the Church, the Mormon church contribute significantly to the moral and

Senate hereby expresses its sincere sympathy and sorrow at spiritual vitality of their communities; and

WHEREAS, President McKay's exhortations and encourthose who have known him however fleetingly. My wife

agement to the formation of vital family relationships among and I join you in mourning the passing of a great man.his followers demonstrates his deep concern with this most—John Zoinis, Greek Ambassador to Turkey

fundamental of all social relationships.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the SenPlease accept my deepest condolences at the passing of ate of the state of Washington mourns the death of this David McKay. His memory will forever live on as a fearless

devoted and beloved leader of the Church of Jesus Christ fighter for justice and for peace between men everywhere.

of the Latterday Saints, and joins with the family of Presi-—Lt. Gen. Y Rabin, Ambassador of Israel, Washington, D.C.

dent McKay and the members of the church in their bereavement. Dear Mrs. McKay:

Mrs. Jordan joins me in extending to you and your famBe It Resolved by the Legislature of the State of Idaho: ily our deepest sympathies and condolences over the death

distinguished American of the most one of President McKay, works, David O. McKay his life and through WHEREAS, in devoted partner of your times leaders religious our and to all Americans; principles of Christianoffered an example

of this century. for marriage mostand will great receive from that of you flood messages The of the served the members O. David McKay WHEREAS, will reassurprove the world throughout people humble his and Saints throughout of Latterday Christ of JesusChurch testify great to esteem with will the which to ing you and guidance and provided years for nineteen years, andmany all in of stations people by regarded President was McKay

its expanding of the Church, memPresident the ascounsel faith. of your His life, church the without within both and

its millions, and to teachings of many carryingbership, word attitude, his his reasonable of bearing, his dignity warmth, of builddedication construction and continuedsupervising all as a dedication, his stamped eloquence, him simple its to work;ings and distinction. official of true Church Mormon The church

WHEREAS, all people of the world will mark with sorrow achieved its greatest growth in membership and influence the passing of this great leader and inspirational individual, during his administration, which began at the age of 77 so too will the people of the state of Idaho join in acknowlwhen many men have closed the book upon their public edging with sadness the death of David O. McKay. affairs. Len B. Jordan, United States Senator from Idaho

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the House concurSenate of the Idaho, state the of Representatives of first it to privilege meet 17 of was a young my As man Fortieth of Idaho the the members that therein,curring of the apostle and Church he an was Elder when McKay recognize memorito and this opportunity takeLegislature

I in called to been for I mission which had a preparing was lives by of our quality made to the contribution alize the all of favorite the at time that was Elder England. McKay of all citizens that urge and McKay,President O. David of the numerous in mission the home missionaries the to in observances States join comUnited state thethis and training twoweek during the us addressed speakers who contribution. thismemorate

I never time present had until have the 1931 period. From

occasion to question the inspired leadership of this wonderAll of Arizona joins in mourning the loss of your great ful man. Del Clawson, U.S. Congressman from California

leader, whose fruitful years were of such great service to his church and country. Governor Jack Williams of Arizona Alofa Village grieves the loss of its chief. Sauniatu Village Council, Samoa

Please accept my most sincere condolences at your own kindly of a and loss the to church loss thepersonal and of Presiat the death in sorrow join people Maori me My in with be you mercy love and God's leader.Godly May our to your Church convey accept Please and dent McKay. Premier, NukuaTuipelehake, of bereavement. houryour Zealand Atairangikaaho, sincere sympathy. New Te

lofa, Tonga Being much grieved to learn of the great loss the Mormon

I was saddened to learn of your husband's passing and Church suffered by the death of late President David Mcwant you to know you and your family have my deepest Kay, I extend to you sincere condolences and sympathy.

sympathy. von Nostilz, German Consul General, San—Siegfried

Words are certainly inadequate at a time like this, but Francisco

I hope you will gain solace from the knowledge that your

Edgar your in the FBI share friends husband's are those principles he exemplified and philosophies sorrow.—/. The

Investigation Federal of Bureau the of Hoover, director his of and influence for the strength only account not which church, but which are essential to sound societies and great

May I at this solemn moment express to you and through nations.

you to the members of your church my deepest feelings of The inspiration he gave to the membership of the Church sorrow for the loss of the great man that President McKay as a leader, and to those of us privileged to know him as a has been. My fellow countrymen in particular will never man of character and wisdom, is a legacy of unequaled

forget what through his relentless efforts he did for Greece value. General Lewis B. Hershey, former director of the

in times of dire circumstances. In him we have recognized U.S. Selective Service, Washington, D.C.

an outstanding American in the great tradition of the principles for which your country is known throughout the Be it a spiritual order of the National Board of Directors, world.—Basil Vitsaxis, Ambassador of Greece, Washington, in joint session, on January 21st, 1970. That in reverence

D.C. to our late member, it is so ordered, that the coming project

of the Scottish American Society, Inc. Home for our Aged,

Please accept and convey our personal sense of loss and when built within the area of our Nation's Capital, be deep grief in the demise of Dr. McKay. His was a towering herein stated and called The David O. McKay S.A.A. Home

figure in the field of spirit and a source of inspiration to all forever in his memory. Stanley Waldorf Mackenzie,

Era, February 1970 21 founder and national chairman. The Scottish American SoThe passing of your great leader David O. McKay saddens

ciety Inc.. Washington. D.C. all of us but reminds the world of his century of inspiring

service to humanity and God. To you, the council, and his

for our deepest send prayers condolences and we of followers sympathies the deepest passing our on We express will work. E. continue his noble HarriRoland those who lost a great hasPresident David McKay. The world Oman

religious leader. Bishop Kenryu T. Suji, Buddhist Churches man, American National Red Cross, Washington, D.C.

of America National, San Francisco, California

It was with a deep sense of personal loss that I learned

I join you in sorrow and prayer as we thank God for the of President McKay's death. His was a warm, perceptive

humble servant and the great leader with whom he blessed and inspiring spirit that enriched the lives of countless your Church. Archbishop Iakovos, New York, New York thousands throughout the world. It was my great privilege

to have known him, to have received his counsel, and to

I his in influence extend have felt to you and life. May my

in tribute great leader to a I join the multitudes paying family your sympathy. Lane Adams, my deepest W.

for fulfilled D. on earth. God's plans William manwho vicepresident, executive Society Cancer American

Cocorinia, member of the Archdiocesan Council, Greek

Orthodox Church, North and South America

The officers and directors of United States Steel join me in expressing our profound sorrow over the passing of President loss in a real suffered the has of Utah The University share assoour with David O. and you and many McKay

closely assopassing of President has been McKay. He ciates loss in friend spiritual the great of a true Utah and

since ever ciated University the as a student with he entered leader. inspiration His work life and were an to all. Edwin

I varsity football team. played in 1894 on the and U.S. Gott, the board, Steel Corporation chairman regard H. of

him as the University's most distinguished alumnus and we are grateful for his lifelong interest in the welfare of his alma mater. Our deepest sympathy is extended to you and your assoOur beautiful Pioneer Memorial Theatre will always be ciates, and to the members of his family, on the passing of

a monument to his interest and to his patronage of the fine President McKay. Richard P. Cooley, president, Wells

arts. It is entirely fitting that a portrait should hang in the Fargo Bank

lobby of the theatre.

Greater than all of these is what President McKay stood Few men of our day can offer such an example of obedifor. There has never been a greater friend to education ence to the principles of Christianity as did President

than David O. McKay. Every child born in Utah since the McKay. His passing will leave a void in the hearts of all

turn of the century has benefited from this. It is a legacy who knew him. We will always cherish his memory and

that—Jamescan C.neverFletcher,be measuredpresident,andUniversitywill continueof Utahinto eternity. thespiritualrealizationleader thatof a thisstrong,mandynamicwho stoodpeoplefor hasyearsleftas usthea

rich heritage. He stands as an example to us all. He was

I was saddened to learn of the death of President David a statesman, educator and spiritual leader, worthy of our

O. McKay. The Mormon Church has lost a distinguished admiration and respect. But most of all, his love of God

and great leader. He was loved and revered by all who and his devotion to his fellow man have set him out as one

knew him. His devoted service has left its mark upon the of the great leaders of our time. Henry A. Thouron, presiwhole world. dent, Hercules Incorporated

On behalf of the University, I offer our deepest sympathy—Williamto membersE. ofDavis,the president,Church Idahoand hisStateimmediateUniversityfamily. to Thethe memberspassing ofofPresidenthis Church,McKaybut towasallaofdeepthoseloss,throughoutnot only

the nation who had the privilege of admiring him. He was

I was greatly grieved at the news of the death of Presi- a truly great American and will be sadly missed. James C.

dent McKay. Christianity has lost a great and true advocate. Hagerty, vicepresident, American Broadcasting Companies,

His example of dedicated stewardship throughout his long Inc.

—H.life willL. Hunt,remainDallas,as a beaconTexas to those who come after him. Our sincere condolences on the loss of your late leader. I

am sure that the memory of his rich and full life will live for

Our hearts were saddened this morning by the news that many generations in the hearts and minds of those who our dear friend and great leader President David O. McKay were touched by his. A. W. Clausen, president, Bank of

had passed on to meet the Heavenly Father. The world and America

all of us will miss a great man and a great prophet. Mary

and Igor Gorin, New York, N.Y. Please accept our deep sympathy. I'm sure there are few

men in the world today more loved and respected. Few men

The members of the Philadelphia Orchestra, my wife and have ever had the widespread influence for good or so effec-

I are deeply saddened by the passing of your great husband. tively emulated the teachings of Jesus Christ as did David

It is an irreparable loss not only to the Mormon Church but O. McKay. He was a great man. Frank E. Barnett, chairto the world. Eugene Ormandy, director of the Philadelphia man of the board, Union Pacific Railroad Company

Orchestra Sincere sympathy in the loss of your great leader. NaWe mourn with you the passing of President McKay. In tional Council of Women of United States, New York, N.Y.

him we recognize an outstanding leader of his church whose advice and friendship to Scouting have been appreciated My deepest sympathy with you in the loss of a very wonthrough the years. Irving Fiest, President, Boy Scouts of derful president. Stella Reading, dowager marchioness of

America, and Alden G. Barber, Chief Scout Executive Reading, London, England

22 Era, February 1970 First 4 volumes cover the Presidents from READ WHAT THE PROPHETS

Joseph Smith to Joseph F. Smith. HAD TO SAY ABOUT:

Plurality of Gods Sons of Perdition SelfMurder Revocation of Priesthood "One Mighty and Strong"Capital Punishment Games of Chance The Law of Adoption Joining Secret Societies The Origin of Man Blood Atonement Thousands of Other Doctrinal Points and Official Pronouncements as the

Result of Modern Revelation.

Hundreds of thousands of Latterday Saints have never been exposed to all of the revelations, utterances, and official pronouncements of the leadership of the Church—past or present. Even well informed members will be

surprised at the wealth of material available on subjects for which they believed no official viewpoint existed.

There is no finer way to get to know the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints than by glimpsing its growth thru the official pronouncement of its divinelyled leaders.

Please send the following circled 270 book(s) for which I enclose check for: or money order in the amount of $ MUST

VOL 1 2 3 4 @ $4.50 each

WARD LIBRARIES! all 4 for $15.99 (offer expires April 30, 1970)

TEACHERS! BOOKCRAFT NAME

PRIESTHOOD LEADERS! 1848 West 2300 South ADDRESS

P. 0. Box 268

STUDENTS! Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 CITY, STATE, ZIP

Residents of Utah add 4'/z% sales tax.

mi J Photos on pages 2, 77, 87, 92, 94; upper right, page 20, and at left,

page 24, are by Jerry Harvey. The other photos on pages 20 and

24 and all three photos on page 73 are by Eldon Linschoten.

Sister Emma Ray McKay, in front of funeral bier, listens to funeral tributes

Memories of a Prophet Legion are the stories, incidents, personal exYoung University, I turned to him on the platform periences and observations, worthy of report, and said, 'David McKay, almost thou persuadest concerning President David 0. McKay. The folme to be a Mormon.'"The late Cecil B. DeMille

lowing are only a handful of many such remembrances that suggest in a small way the nature of "I recall a heartstopping moment when as the the man and his soul. aged President McKay mounted the platform to

address a group, he tripped on the stairs. There

was a gasp from the people. But he stood up and

"There are men whose very presence warms the faced the audience with that irrepressible smile.

heart. President McKay is one of them. I spoke 'It's awful to grow old,'he said ruefully, 'but I

from the heart when, in the middle of a comprefer it to the alternative.'"Norman Vincent

mencement address I was giving at Brigham Peale (Continued on page 72)

A Prayer for a Prophet, Simply

By Dennis Drake

"... I bare you on eagles'wings, and

brought you unto myself."(Exod. 19:4.)

Autumn fires out in glory, Orange, yellow, magenta on a wooded hill.

A breeze rustles precarious November leaves, and is still.

Winged vision tends to the flame burning low,

As the smoldering sun purples the sky;

An aging eagle spirals high into evening,

Outtopping mountains.

No obstacle can bar his sight;

The upward climb endows him light.

He looks far down on evergreen jade,

No further.

Great love can overlook the shade.

This eagle ages gracefully:

White heads can grow no whiter

And wisdom grows only wiser;

His eyes reflect a higher light.

Majestic, he soars in finer air,

Higher than most birds dare, Communes with clouds, confides in stars.

The years bring weakness with strength,

Give meaning to life, delimit its length.

... he grows old.

Yet is he truth and passion, He glows in everlasting burnings of eternal fire!

This eagle labors up his last ascent,

Treading time for our mere sakes.

For a brief century he was lent;

Thank God for that time and that life!

May he feel the love that flows

To him on that flight. He goes

More than an eagle; he is not all of this earth,

Yet less than an eagle, for much of him remains behind.

Oh, let him feel our faith, our prayers, our pride,

When his arc ceases to be bold

And the wings fold, and he dies.

Era, February 1970 25 Brothers and Sisters By Dennis Drake // ever you woidd hide your mind or heart

In hate or shame or misplaced fear

From all that I shoidd want to know of you—

Startled Awakening Oh, the loss to both of us;

By Mary M. Pronovost But dare reveal the depths of what you are,

/ dreamed my suitor would be Then words are more than words, tall, Can touch far deeper than ear and brain allow tell worlds on worlds of what it is ive share.A Romeo who would enthrone And

Me as his Juliet; enthrall

My very being with his own.

I visualized his classic look,

His polished personality, Which, like the hero's in the book, At this Valentine* Woidd make life radiant for me.

But I was kissed awake by one time of the year, a selection of

Who wore a comfortable face And spoke his words of love and sun With unassuming, split7ail grace. msoThe prince I wed has country

skies love of man and woman, And laughing meadows in his eyes. love of others, love of self,

love of country, love of God

Shall I Take My Degree in Theory?

Valentines By Evalyn M. Sandberg

By Virginia Scott Miner Scholarship is important.

A valentine to a young love—I've always felt it so.

This is a promise made, And, in the dealings of God with man,

Sure of itself and the years to come, it really helps to know

Unafraid. things past and present and future.

I'm certain, too, that we'll find

A valentine to an old love—continuing thought and study

When tears have all been wept, are vital to spirit and mind.

This is the flag of faith and trust, But what percentage of effort

A promise kept. dare I deploy that way,

anticipating the question that awaits on judgment day?

For I have an uneasy feeling the main query may be:

"And how did you prove your love?"of man—and, by extension, Me

Teleology By John S. Harris

A solitary man lives In a mediocrity of goodness:

A Note to Those Who Love Their HisWithoutsins arepartnersrare or victims,

Country But his excellence too

By Mabel Jones Gabbott Remains dormant, unexercised.

We have knoivn growing pains and freedom's anguish, Is that why God created man?

and the pull His universe was too lonely for His virtue, of individual rights With only stars to receive his selflessness within the nation's whole. And empty void to feel an overwhelming love.

We knew the lash of tyranny and chaos, felt the full unselfish measure of devotion, heart and sold, of men who fought to make us free, who sacrificed to keep us one;

Yet these unrests, an innate growing, were recognized, were won For One Beloved against the tensile strength By Jane Merchant of a country, right and good.

It is not strange, perhaps, that you should feel

Now, I have small need of you, since I have learned in the present turmoil, To live with wounds no balm can ever heal, can the past give guidance? And yet remain immediately concerned

Could not any nation, With laughter and intensively involved struggling to stay righteous, With all the little daily joys by which know: The heart must live, being stubbornly resolved

the road to peace is trod on bended knee, The narrowest life can be made full and rich.

ivith trust and faith in God? You are life's richness. But if you deplore

What I have learned of selfsufficiency

And wish that I relied upon you more,

You rob me of hardwon maturity.

I should not dare to keep your love, you know,

Were I not sure that I could let it go.

* February 14 is celebrated throughout much of the world as

Valentine's Day.

Era, February 1970 27 New Regional Representative

William Roberts, called from his homeland.

president of the Auckland Brother Roberts, a (New Zealand) Stake, retired New Zealand has been appointed to be a government officer,

Regional Representative is presently manager of of the Council of the the Church's translation

Twelve. Brother Roberts is and distribution services in

assigned to the Auckland the South Seas, as and Hamilton, New well as the Church's real TheLDS Zealand, regions. He is the estate representative.

Scene first overseas Regional He joined the Church

Representative to be in 1952.

YWMIA Centennial Balls Throughout Church Note Founding of Auxiliary

Centennial balls in honor of the 100th anniversary treats of a century ago, displays of YWMIA activities through of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association the years, costumed dancers and participants, have highlighted the 196970 MIA year in nearly all and the cutting and eating of large birthday cakes, stakes and missions throughout sparkling with 100 candles. From Australia

the Church. Thousands of Latterday Saints to Japan, the Philippines to Argentina, Johannesburg to

have enjoyed the festivities that have Hamburg, and London to Pasadena, generally included beautifully decorated halls, grand reports and pictures of the successful events have promenades of present and past Church leadership, come to YWMIA headquarters. The "Century of

floorshows featuring dance styles since 1869, Sisterhood"appears to be well implanted and centennial shops and eating nooks proffering well nourished for another 100 years.

"The Spoken Word"from The Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Spoken Broadcasting System October 26, 1969. 1969. Word

Australian Editor Military Wife of the Year By Richard L. Evans

Graham Edis of the Jeanine H. Acomb has

Payneham Ward, Adelaide been named Fort Riley "Has love lasted?"

(Australia) Stake, Military (Kansas) has in was most difficult / hen asked what A Wife of the \ Sister Year. appointed managing Acomb,been /marriage-"lt's the little things,"she said. \ /\

editor of Adelaide's wife of Lt. Col. Kent M. V wThe little traits and thoughtlessness, the

suburban newspaper group, Acomb, president of annoying and abrasive trifles all of us seem to have

Messenger Newspapers, the Junction City (Kansas)—and if we emphasize the little things, they may

Ltd. The chain publishes Branch, won the honor become overly large. When we see a happy marriage

12 weekly newspapers. for leadership in—not perfect, but a solid, happy, lasting relationship—

church, civic, and military we may well ask what the answer is. There is much

affairs. She is also a that makes a marriage. And always, as the years and

mother of three children. seasons pass, there comes the question: "Has love

lasted? If not,"wrote D. Willson, "if not, what has

lost it? What has been beautiful? What has been

difficult? What has... life together given these two,

... [what has it] taught them?"1 Well, it must have

taught that little things are often larger than they look: understanding, friendship, and companionship,

along with love—and a little praise and kindness and

encouragement. "Instead of saying to a bride, 'Hold

your husband,'... we should say, 'Love your husband,'"Margaret W. Jackson said. 2 And to a man:

Be faithful, patient, gentle, kind, considerate, and

Foreign Economics clean. And there are some other essentials: honesty,

Development Administrator truth, common convictions, character. In marriage one

Dr. Quentin M. West President of Council

can scarcely overemphasize character, for without it, has been appointed of Graduate Schools likely love won't last. "The most vicious enemy to

administrator of the newly John Boyd Page of home life is immorality,"said President McKay. 3 "I

created Foreign Economics the Ames (Iowa) Branch, think we are inclined to forget,"said Mrs. Jackson,

Development Service of Central States Mission, "that youth and beauty are [after] all... only lures.

of the U.S. Department of the and dean

are binders. not stress graduate They the too much We

Agriculture. well agency school as The new as

externals forget realities. too and the. much..... There

will plan and coordinate vicepresident for are greater hazards to marriage than attraction for all international research at Iowa State other people"2—quarreling, pettiness, careless appearagricultural development, University, has been elected ance, carelessness in money matters, carelessness in

technical assistance, president of the Council telling the truth. And virtue—always there must be

and foreign training activities of Graduate Schools virtue, many virtues—and always there must be forof the Department of in the United States. He giving on both sides. With these, with honesty and

Agriculture. Brother West will assume the character, a marriage can survive both the large and

has represented the presidency in July. Brother little things, and be the most satisfying, the most

United States in various Page has made widely lasting relationship of life.

world conferences. He is acclaimed advances in

presently a Potomac Stake soil physics and soil 'D. Willson, "Recipes for Happy Marriage,"Good Housekeeping, June 1934.

Boy Scout leader. chemistry research. President2Margaret W.Davidlackson,O. McKay,"MarriagegeneralAs conferenceIt Ought Toaddress,Be,"GoodOctoberHousekeeping,3, 1969. June 1933.

Era, February 1970 29

of the stimulants taken by the mothers.

Research ThereAmerica,areand6.5 theirmillionnumberalcoholicsgrows byin

year. million of a each a quarter nearly & Review

it is cities not unAmerican In many usual for millions of men to spend up to $7.00 daily for liquor. In Buffalo,

New York, a check showed that 55 percent of all accidents involve liquor.

Are you in the ropes yet? The Surgeon

General's Office of the United States

Health Department reports that smoking causes 125,000 to 300,000 premature deaths each year. Three hundred Of thousand coronary attacks, two million

new cases of chronic bronchitis and emphysema, and one million cases ofDrugs, peptic ulcers are attributed to smoking.

And still more—venereal disease is the

nation's leading communicable disease, and reports indicate that children asDrinks young as ages eight, nine, and ten are contracting venereal disease through promiscuous sexual behavior.

Brother Petersen, of course, does and And come up with the neutralizing blow the power and example set by the precepts of The Church of Jesus Christ of Morals Latterday Saints. He says, "'Thou

shalt not commit adultery'will forever

By Dr. Elliott D. Landau stand as an immutable law to all huImprovement Era man beings. This generation may

Contributing Editor rationalize itself into complete intoxication with sin and proclaim to high heaven that it is old fashioned to be clean, but it will yet wake up to the

Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve stern reality that God does not change

and that the moral laws are his and not man's to shift with every whim."3

One of my professors was fond of old son, we sometimes like to tussle In a series of drug crisis seminars saying, "A certain amount of fleas and pummel each other with makeheld throughout the state of Utah by is good for a dog—it takes his mind believe blows. Soon I become the the Division of Continuing Education

off being a dog!"In today's tumultuous fighter nearly hung up in the ropes, of the University of Utah, one could

times, there is an analogy that obliqueexhausted, beaten, and battered. Sudeasily extract the essence of the many

ly parallels—if such is possible—this denly, so the game goes, I recover and messages. Indeed, it is true that this is

saying. From the shocking array of from nowhere come up with a mighty a topsyturvy age; it is true that the

figures Elder Mark E. Petersen of the blow that ends the contest. Similarly, media and the computer have proCouncil of the Twelve has amassed in Elder Petersen's statistics nearly floor foundly affected our lives; it is true

his new and characteristically incisively the reader. A large hospital reports an that scientific knowhow has made it

worded, pungent assault on the Zeitincrease of 400 percent in the number possible for mountaintop and basement geist (the temper of our times) entitled of youngsters, ages 18 to 20, admitted laboratories to produce LSD, "cut"

Drugs, Drinks and Morals, 1 we are with serious mental problems resulting heroin, and dilute dosages of other made aware that drugs, drinks, and from the use of drugs. The Associated types of drugs. Still, when there is

morals are, like the fleas around a dog, Press recently reported that in one "love at home,"when there is constant taking the minds of youth off becoming community where 3,000 babies are born dialogue between parents and children "fit to enter His presence."2 annually, one child in every five will (contrasted with the usual verbal atWhen I am home with my tenyear- require mental health service because tention we give them when we talk

"at"them only for things done wrong) reverting of to drugs chances and the the E. Petersen Elder Drugs, Drinks Morals, by and The hook Mark of

perplexito solve the drinking as a way Bishopric Presiding selected the Council has been by the Twelve, and of the Unified Social Services department of the Church as a booklet that all ties of human existence are decreased.

parents and youth in the Church should be encouraged to read; hence, the All humans face problems. Some

booklet is the subject of this article. find it impossible to locate anyone who

will listen. Others can't bring them30

BOOK SAVINGS selves to talk it over with anyone. One also know the reasons for his behavior.

wife angrily said to her husband, "Why Lines are clearly defined, consistencies Free Books! Discounts!

can't you be my friend instead of my evident, and yet the rationality of behusband?"Similarly, merely being biohavior is a matter for all to understand. YOURS WITH BEEHIVE BOOKCLUB:

logical doesn't this parents guarantee that there family type of In is freedom will of restraint fair turn to in us as part our children measure. and Here 1. Discounts on many books!

the solution to their problems. Adochildren can explore their problems in 2. Free catalog of our books!

lescents, particularly, face conflicting an accepting atmosphere where "no"is 3. Free books for purchases!

emotions as they meet the problems of always accompanied by a sensible 4. Free Postage! Monthly reviews!

friendships, ambitions, sexual conduct, explanation. On measures of family 5. Free book for joining:

and social standards. On the one success, this family scores very high. "DRUGS, DRINKS & MORALS"

hand, they wish to be independent in 3. The permissive family. This is by Mark E. Peterson

their solutions. On the other hand, clearly the least desirable family style,

they want and need to be dependent. the one most likely to encourage drugs,

see only times a drinking, few immorality. what you canAt and There is no MffBOOM

years previous in this a little boy concept authority was now who home of any views himself through the glare of a lines. Freedom abounds in measures

hostile adolescent's eyes. Not being far beyond what children need. Inable to be cuddled, coddled, or comvariably drugaddicted youngsters face

pletely cutoff, too many young people these families with the cry, "Why seek a magical solution to the lumps didn't you stop me?"A tolerance for

of life, and they find it in drugs. This everything and anything breeds chilreversion to pharmacothymic "craving dren with no discriminatory powers.

for drugs, craving for magic"answers is Even the authoritarian home is more all too often symptomatic of the fact desirable than the permissive family that at home, for one reason or anstyle.

other, there isn't the kind of rapport Speaking at a stake conference just necessary to open the pathways to deep prior to becoming a member of the parentchild communication. ReadersChurch, I recollect saying, "The probbeware! I have not said that good lem with the Mormons who already

people can't raise poor children. I consider themselves peculiar is that

have said that even fine folks may not they are not peculiar enough."Latterrealize that despite their moral earnestday Saints have a clear message for

ness they may not have created a home these modern times. There is no ade24 CHOICE BOOKS ON

environment in which their children quate reason for changing this message. LDS CHURCH HISTORY

up."will willingly "open is of In fact, the dilemma modern man Hist. (36) of Comprehensive Ch.(6vols) 4.50

are general there In three types of precisely that of being chagrined by the Hist. (47) of Documentary Ch.(7 vols) 4.50

family cultures. These are: chaos of an undisciplined society yet (48) Essentials in Church History 5.95ea

1. The authoritarian family. In this refusing to obey eternal commandments. (72) Iron Trail to Golden SpikeStewart4.95

type of family the father is clearly at The dilemma of the modern Mormon (90) Life of Joseph Smith the Prophet 4.50

the head of the house. He is the absolies in his comprehension of the need (117) Outline Hist.of Utah & Mormons 4.50

lute authority. What he says is done for clearcut dogma concerning some (123) Presidents of the Church-P.Nibley4.95

(128) QuizEttes-Ch.Hist. Flash Cards 2.95 reasays andbecause he it. Rhyme of perennial man's of moralproblems

in (3 vols) ea Ch. Hist 4.50 Readings LDS it, it If says unimportant. are heson ity desire his not to and be seen ChurchBerrett Restored as one (129)(133) 4.50

it of is "the concept word."is law, The overly to accedes authority. who Stories (146) History from 3.50 Mormon

the priesthood in this family is here Elder Mark E. Petersen tells it as it

construed as divine authority. As a is regarding drugs, drinks, and morals. ORDER OTHER BOOKS IN ERA!

result of this authoritarian behavior, His answer hasn't changed because the children in this house learn not that answer is simply that the Saints how to communicate but how to evade particularly need to move closer to the BeehiVe bookclub the master. Authoritarian rule breeds fundamentals of the gospel of Jesus 626 "H"St.

submissiveness, evasiveness, dependence Christ. There is nothing we need look Salt Lake City, Utah 84103

rather than independence, honesty, and back to; there is no return to any

forthrightness. On all family success Camelot; there is only the resolution Please enroll me as a memberand send FREE:

evaluations, the authoritarian family to pattern our individual lives after a "Drugs, Drinks & Morals!"I understand

rates low on most items valued by the carpenter's simple ways. An old there is no minimum purchase; however I agree

standards noted above. In this family farmer once put it this way: "It ain't to return the "review card"each month or else

for that month. the "feature purchase are book"drinking problems waysdrug and I in, that 'twas done knowed what me

I will every books For of nondiscounted $20 tyranny.of escaping I I didn't that nuthin'do what knowed

is Enclosed B-OOK! $ a FREE this authoritative family. 2. In The about."O forreceive book(s): following the numbered positive there sense is a family oftype

of direction and authority blended with 1 Salt Lake City: Deseret Book Company, (Post paid; add 4V2% sales tax in Utah.)

participatory democracy. Here the 1969.2 Drugs, Drinks and Morals, p. 76. Print Name.

children know who is "boss,"but they 3 Ibid., p. 74. Address

City State. ZipEra, February 1970 31

LestWe Forget The Wilford Woodruff Journals

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

As one contemplates the Church, he apparently restoration of the gospel—did not understand that this

the incomparable revelations from habit of recording the words of on high, the counsel and the the Prophet Joseph Smith sermons of the early leaders of was a calling directly from God.

the Church, all of which But as he saw the subsequent have become a way of life for the history of the Church unfold,

Latterday Saints—one ponders

how marvelously it has been preserved and recorded.

Much of it came amid a backdrop of events that were tempered with oppression and fed by hatreds born of the misunderstanding of those who shared that American frontier.

In a reminiscent mood, Elder Wilford Woodruff of the Council of the Twelve addressed

Saints of the Southern Utah Mission, assembled at St. George,

on the Sabbath afternoon of June 10, 1877. There

he recalled that whenever he had heard the Prophet Joseph Smith deliver a sermon or a prophecy, or give a revelation, he had written it in his personal journal.

He believed that he had a Pure elegance of line, cut and

Special Session Dress is beautifully tradispecial gift from God, tional with lace yoke and cuffs. Expressly because even when he did not

created for both slender and full figures. have a pencil and paper with him,

Wear newly belted or flowing free. Adhe could, after hearing the

justable lace collar... hidden back zipper Prophet, go home and write the

... slash pockets. 100% Nylon tricot and Prophet's words almost verbatim;

lace. P,S,M,L,XL. No. SSD-E.

Matching Slip but after he had completed the to 38. *6245. $10.00 writing, the sermon would

$22.00 pass from his mind, as though he had never heard it.

Your See 9 At the time he did these Local 'A Consultant Le Voy's or things in the early days of the Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

Mail Check or M.0.

Postpaid in U.S.A. /*H

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 32 Era, February 1970

wherein many of the records was that, in substance, of the Church April 7, 1889.

were lost, sometimes through the President Young remembered He kept an accurate journal of his apostasy of those charged the sayings of the Prophet Joseph activities in the Church with the responsibility of keeping in a most wonderful manner, beginning in 1833. On

them, he discovered the while he, Elder Woodruff, August 31, 1898, he recorded importance of his journals. had written the sayings of in his journal, in one of its last

Where the Church did not the Prophet. entries, that he wrote three

have historical records, the Elder Woodruff was called as letters from San Francisco,

Wilford Woodruff journals proved a member of the Council of California. Two days later,

very serviceable as a substitute. the Twelve in April 1839. President George Q. Cannon, his

Elder Woodruff related He was President of the Council first counselor, penned in the that he had stood in the of the Twelve at the passing of journal that President Woodruff congregation as the Prophet Joseph President John Taylor in had passed away peacefully

Smith had eulogized King July 1887 and became President at 6:40 a.m., September 2, 1898. O

Follett, all the time recording the sermon.

Elder Follett had died in "The Spoken Word"from an accident at Nauvoo on The TempleKSL and Square,the ColumbiapresentedBroadover

March 9, 1844, and his funeral casting System November 2, 1969. SpokenWord

had been held the following 1969.

day. Then on Sunday,

April 7, 1844, during the general conference, the Prophet took "If something needs doing..."

occasion to address about By Richard L. Evans

twenty thousand Saints in what something needs doing, do it; the more plainly, directly, honestly,has become known as the If

the better."1 These words of David Starr Jordan suggest two facets of

"King Follet Discourse."

an insistent subject, namely, the remorse that comes from doing whatThe openair meeting began at we shouldn't do, and the frustration that comes from not doing what "quarter past three p.m."we should do. To look a moment at the latter: There are many reasons

The footnote on page 302 for not moving forward effectively: timidity, indolence, indecision, lack

of the Documentary History of the of encouragement, fear of failure. But foremost among them would

Church, Volume 6, says: "This seem to be indecision. And so the years go by, with many wishing to

was not a stenographic do differently, to develop, to lift their lives; but habits, obligations, inreport, but a carefully and difference, or sometimes simply not knowing how, keep many from

skillfully prepared one made by trying, from getting going. We all waste time in indecision. We all waste

these men [Willard Richards, opportunities, and if we would put a meter on ourselves, we would

Wilford Woodruff, Thomas find we waste much time in brooding, drifting, wishing, worrying. And

Bullock, and William Clayton] too often we seem resigned to settling for what we are rather than for who were trained in reporting and what we could become. And yet, all progress, all improvement in any

taking notes. Evidently, there process have come because someone assumed that something could be

are some imperfections better done and was willing to try to do it—often humble, unpretentious

in the report and some thoughts people who simply used a little common sense. On the personal side,

expressed by the Prophet we often excuse ourselves for delaying what we know we ought to do which were not fully rounded—delaying learning, teaching, taking time for our children; delaying the

out and made complete...."settling of quarrels, clearing up misunderstandings with our loved ones,

The sermon, as it was there being a little kinder; delaying breaking bad habits, meeting obligations,

written, fills 16 pages of the repenting, keeping the commandments, and finding personal peace.

Documentary History of the "... men should... do many things of their own free will"2—and life

Church. can take on new and solid satisfaction if we commit ourselves to facing

"The difference between facts, to doing what should be done. "If something needs doing, do it;

President Brigham Young and the more plainly, directly, honestly, the better."

myself,"Elder Woodruff told the members at St. George, 21 DoctrineDr. DavidandStarrCovenantsJordan, The58:27.Call of the Twentieth Century.

Era, February 1970 33 Teaching Conducted by the Church School System

By Seth D. Redford

Coordinator of seminaries and institutes in Western Oregon and Eastern Idaho

Goal setting has long been recogtheir goals high. The leaders who A short time ago, while riding to

nized as one of the marks of good are most successful are those who Boise, Idaho, from Salt Lake City, leadership. Such slogans as "Reach have welldefined goals, and it is the writer asked his traveling comfor the Stars,""Set Your Sights through a process of planning that panion, "What do you want to be

High,"and "Think Big"have been goal setting becomes a vital part of in life?"

used to encourage leaders to set any success formula. "I do not really know,"replied

the companion. "I have never really already reached the goal. thing like the following items:

thought about it. I get up in the 3. Don't let anyone talk you out a. I will prepare a lesson plan

morning, do my work during the of it. for each class taught during the

day, and go to bed at night. I have 4. Listen for the ideas from the coming year.

never really stopped to wonder just subconscious which will help you b. I will give each student my

what I do want to be."achieve your desired goal. personal attention.

Statements like this are startling LDS leadership would rephrase c. I will see that the class offito Latterday Saints. Most of them the fourth item of Mr. Jones'dishave been practicing goal setting cussion: Listen to the promptings

since their childhood. of the Holy Spirit, and it will guide "Monthly goal planning

A group of men were hunting you toward your righteous goals.

chukar partridge on the Owyhee Goals are set in five major areas: should answer

slopes of southern Idaho. Just as lifetime goals, annual goals, monththey left their car, a large flock of ly goals, weekly goals, and daily the 'W formula: what,

partridge took to the air. One goals.

hunter pointed his gun at the whole 1. Lifetime goals. Every teacher where,when,why, who?"

flock and pulled the trigger. Not a and every leader should set lifefeather dropped. What was wrong? time goals. A lifetime goal for a

How could he have missed? He Latterday Saint should be to somewas "flock shooting."Any experitime dwell with God and his Son cers are carefully chosen and

enced hunter has learned this lesJesus Christ in the highest degree trained and that they function in son: If you want to have partridge of the celestial kingdom. Such a their assignments.

for supper, you must set your lofty goal is not reached in a single d. I will live my life in such a

sights on one bird at a time, lead stride. way that I may have the constant

him, and then carefully squeeze "For he will give unto the faithcompanionship of the Holy Spirit the trigger. Goal setting is like ful line upon line, precept upon in preparation and in delivery.

hunting: if you want to accomplish precept; and I will try you and e. I will live as an example for

a task, center your attention upon prove you herewith. each of the students whom I teach.

the objective. "And whoso layeth down his life A few years ago, at a western

President Paul H. Dunn of the in my cause, for my name's sake, states convention for supervisors at

First Council of the Seventy has shall find it again, even life eternal."Denver, Colorado, the following

given a good example of bull's-eye (D&C 98:1213.) chart in human relations was disgoal setting by drawing three cir- 2. Annual goals. Annual goals played. It depicts the things that

cles, one inside the other. He said, point the direction for a single year. supervisors and workers think are

"In the outer circle are 'things that Teachers would do well to meditate important. With this kind of

are nice to know.'In the next for some time upon needs before knowledge, a supervisor may be

circle are 'things that we should setting their annual goals. Annual more qualified to set his yearly

know.'But in the center circle are goals for a teacher may read somegoals.

'things we must know.''Teachers

must first focus their teaching upon the things students must know. A Importance Importance

teacher who concentrates on the 10 Working Conditions as felt by the as felt by the pure doctrine of Christ (from the Worker Supervisor standard works of the Church) will Appreciation for good work 1 8 find his goals reached in the testiFilling in on things 2 10 monies of the lives of his students. Help with personal problems 3 9

Jim Jones, in his book If You Can Job security 4 2

Count to Four, states, "You can be Good wages 5 1 successful if you can count to four."Work that keeps them interested 6 5

He lists four keys to achieving a Possibility for promotion 7 3 goal: Personal loyalty to workers 8 6

1. Identify your objective. Good working conditions 9 4

2. Act like the person who has Tactful discipline 10 7

Era, February 1970 35 3. Monthly goals. Class officers

and teachers and the organizational leadership should sit down in a monthly planning conference, where the goals for the month should be set. Leaders should keep in mind

that monthly goals are part of the annual goals that have already been set. Monthly goal planning should

take into consideration the season of the year, the current monthly meetings of the organization, and the areas that need particular attention. Monthly goals should be

more concerned with specific events and conditions of the particular month. Such goal planning should

answer the "W"formula questions:

What, Where, When, Why, Who, for our Barbara Send for Quilting beginand possibly How. Leadership will Taylor Book on

experts. original ners or Mornif sufficient Our successful time more be ADDRESSis ing pattern included Glory with layigR is for the given planning monthly quilt designs. postOnly 28 500 made CITY paid. Write: TAYLOR BEDDING if all leadernecessary meeting and CO., EA70, DEPT. MFG. TAYLOR,

ITS BETTER MADE STATE..ZIP. 76574. TEXAS this is present. ship In meeting

annual goals are narrowed down to more specific action, and the bull's- eye of responsibility is identified.

The story is told of a great king!l ( who was teaching his three sons in

"Raise your bow to your shoulder h the forest. He said to the first son, tecw but do not fire."The son raised

his bow to his shoulder. "What do

you see?"asked the father.

"I see a great eagle against the blue sky background,"replied the son. "Hold your fire,"said the father.

Repeating the same to the second son, the father said, "What do you

HELP! see?"

This is when your insurance man "I see an eagle flying high in the has to for go you. to work To make

will, sure he sure he's sky."make now

an independent insurance agent. The father said, "Hold your fire."

is first His job to serve you when son, to the third "Raise your He said help you need most. We're

filmsTeach that will lessons with be long Call to pendent agents. time. shoulder not us your but any do indebow

instructor creative For theremembered.

there are now over 75 motion pictures fire. What do you see?"

Idealavailable. for leadership training, said, third the "I see the son And

class instruction, firesides. Plan and Independent'] your/ is conthe bone, wing where wingsoon an to provide outstanding learning. Insuranceg/agent YOU FIRST t SERVESexperience for your group. is a (This to the body."nected

vital spot on the eagle. ) The father

"Fire, son."said, my Inspirational HEBERGeneral Agents,J. GRANTSalt Lake&CityCO. or objective goal The

LDS Films during the BYU Educational Media Services

Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University 36 Provo, Utah 84601 monthly planning meeting must be Every son and daughter of God is Goals that are set upon the bull's- clearly defined if the leader would important. Our Heavenly Father eye of need, in the "must know,"

accomplish the task. loves us and wants us to live the "must do"area, will help teachers

4. Weekly goals. During the full measure of our creation. "And and leaders become successful in

weekly planning meetings, goals are this is life eternal, that they might their assignments. Students who are

not usually set. Rather, these know thee the only true God, and taught by teachers with an eternal

meetings are checkup meetings to Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."goal and a celestial plan are favored

(a) see if goals are being accom- (John 17:3.) in the sight of God. O

plished, (b) determine what items need to be rescheduled, and (c) make new assignments. Weekly

"The Spoken Word"from Temple sessions planning should be scheSquare, presented over KSL and all The a definite duled at time when Broadcasting System. Columbia of the leadership can be present. Spoken Word November 23, 1969 1969.

5. Daily goals. To keep in the

area of "must know"or "must do,"daily goals are set. Most generally, The world owes me a living...?

such goal setting is confined to the

By Richard L. Evans

individual. One great statesman

said, "I each morning sit down so is this—often said—or supposed: world "The owes me

"... to myself, say are the five 'What and Therea living."But earth gave he said, when man the God

most important things I must do subdue it."1 And subduing a world takes work. It was not

today?'"Then he marks them down intended that we should have all the earth has to offer, without effort.

in the order of their importance. As Work is a blessing, an absolute essential. But who or what is this world

he starts his daily work he concenthat is supposed to owe all of us everything? Surely parents owe chiltrates on the most important thing dren love and care and encouragement—providing for and teaching

first. This kind of daily goal setting and training. Surely children owe parents respect and love and kindly

keeps him in the area of the most attention, and care, as may be needed, especially later in life. No

important thing first. parent should be left in loneliness. And surely men owe other men

If we would reach exaltation and compassionate service and assistance. But if we are speaking of this

eternal life, we must know "of wonderful planet, it is very impersonal. And it will not produce everythings both in heaven and in the thing for all of us—or for any of us—without work. But if, when we

earth, and under the earth; things say the world owes us a living, we are talking about people, this is

which have been, things which are, all of us together. And all of us owe it to ourselves to make the most

things which must shortly come to of ourselves. And since there are always those who, in one way or

pass...."(D&C 88:79.) "The glory another, are unable fully to care for themselves, we need to produce

of God is intelligence, or, in other more than we consume, and everyone who can should do all he can.

words, light and truth."(D&C But it isn't reasonable for anyone simply to sit down and say, "The

93:36. ) "It is impossible for a man world owes me a living."There is no magic about it. Someone has

to be saved in ignorance."(D&C to think; someone has to plan; someone has to save; someone has to

131:6.) "... men are, that they plow and plant; someone has to manage. Someone has to do everymight have joy."(2 Ne. 2:25.) Joy thing. Everything has to be done. Nothing does itself. Someone has to

comes from achievement. We canproduce or pay for everything in one way or another. There is an exnot be satisfied with being medichange of values in all relationships of life, and instead of saying the

ocre. We must strive to be more world owes me a living, this could be a very good time to say thank

perfect. God for being alive, for opportunity, and for the willingness to make

When we teach, let us rememthe most of it. To cite part of an old poem:

.. For great and low there's but one testber we are teaching a child of God. ".

When we administer in the offices 'Tis that each one shall do his best;

all with strength the works he can, in to theassigned us Church, we Who in to die Shall never debt man."2 of inare acting the God. This name

earth is a testing ground for each 'Gen. 1:28.

individual in the human family. 2Author unknown.

Era, February 1970 37 of the American Revolution, told me she had never started work on a new line without discovering that there was someone already working on it who had "set the stage."Many times there is not just one

person; there are several at work. "The problem,"Mrs.

Inman, a researcher for many years, said, "is finding those workers before you go over the same ground they've discovered."

How do you find them? Most of the time it's easy.

The most widely used and most successful finding aids are the numerous genealogical publications on the market. There are national, regional, state, county,How to Get aGoin

city—you name it—genealogical periodicals available,

nearly all of which carry "query"sections. If yourFamily Organization

line runs into a particular locale, advertise that fact in the appropriate periodicals, and search the periodicalsGoing to see if other people are advertising for you.

By Bill R. Linder Provision will* also be made under the Genealogical

Society's new GIANT system for persons working on

Did you know that you can form a family association the same lines to make contact with each other. This

with as few as two or three people? Since in a wink will replace the former Pedigree Referral Service.

you can think of at least one or more others who are If, after considerable searching, you don't find anyinterested in one of your family lines, here's what you and a group can do and how it will help you in your genealogical research.. Bill R. Linder has founded several successful family organizaFirst, find out who are the others who are interested Worldtions andConferenceresearch onteams.RecordsHe andoriginatedserved theas ideaits programfor the

in the line you choose to work on (choose only one chairman until October 1968. Formerly publications editor

line). Not long ago Mrs. Anne B. Inman, then presiforandtheis aGenealogicalmanagementSociety,analysthewithnowthelivesNationalin Vienna,ArchivesVirginia,and

dent of Mississippi's largest chapter of the Daughters Records Service in Washington, D.C.

ing in one surname is a sound, logical way to solve "deadend"problems. The Taylors, the Williamses, the

Stephenses, the Hayneses, the Stewarts, and many others have such groups underway. These are united

efforts to squeeze out of the existing available records all the genealogical data pertaining to a given family.

Within a relatively short time, a cooperating group of researchers is able to become the research center for the family. Usually, central files are established and

indexes and crossreference files are made. Cooperation is the byword. Free sharing and exchange of information is the order of the day. The genealogical

one working on the line you select, you are not yet community benefits greatly from these groups. Everyto the family organization stage for that line. But if one does. So will you. Have fun! O

you do find several people, and if they live close by, the next step is to call a meeting in your home. If the

people you find are scattered from Falls Church,

Virginia, to San Diego, California, omit the meeting Getting Started and start writing letters. Either way, you and your EXAMPLE. Many members of the Locke family, descendants

are westward, Virginia, migrated Locke of who Thomasnew friends should decide on a plan of action. of

Jefferson Locke, living in Missouri. Bryan a young man from

At this point, how you go about organizing and the City, Missouri, for several months sought correspondents to his some of meet and to Locke family the out more aboutselection of officers are minor considerations. The find

file and relatives. a card of names compiled He Locke

foremost action items are to get together ( or in touch addresses of over 100 living persons to whom he was related.

interested very discovered about 20 of these were that Bryanwith at least one or two others, decide what you are very plan organization family seemed in family. The the

going to do, write it down, divide up the work, and logical to Bryan, and since he had discovered no such in was meeting a special existence, alreadythen go to work. organization

Bryan sent meeting, set called to organize. up the special To

Once your research team has started work, you detailed letters to the 20 vitally interested persons, outlining possible mentioned of organizing. some He advantages have planted the seed for an eventual going organizathe

of a his ideas sound could set and goals the organization tion. Now that you are underway, as you discuss plans organization structure. When all the arrangements were

file of in the appeared persons names all the whose and actually work with fellow team members, you'll made, persons Twentysix meeting. invited to the were addresses

find that ideas snowball. Officers, dues, a quarterly attended the special meeting, and a fully organized Thomas

newsletter, a family reunion—all of these will come in Locke Family Organization was the result.

due time. Over a period of months or years, your EXAMPLE. Several descendants of the Wimberly family of

official family organization will emerge. early Georgia were in frequent communication by mail, informing one another of family activities and assisting each

The family organization generally has as its major other in Wimberly genealogical research. These individuals

living in Texas, scattered widely geographically—two goal the compiling and recording of genealogical and were one and several in Georgia and Florida, California, one in

historical information pertaining to the common aneach in Idaho and Utah. Occasionally other individuals from

in The idea was the correspondence. areas would join cestors of its members. Cooperation in genealogical yarious themselves the Wimberly family. Among to organize put forth

research through the family organization is one of the and by mail, these corresponding individuals agreed on apnecessary. were that all felt offices to. fill the pointments most successful means of extending and proving pediin operasoon Organization was Family efficient Wimberly An

grees and compiling family genealogies. The family tion. With the pooling of effort and wise use of resources,

membership. and rapidly gained organization momentum organization promotes coordination of research among the a membership boasted organization the Within a few months,

individuals researching the same family lines, affords of 75, with a quarterly family publication keeping the memopportunities for specialization in research, pools time bers interested and informed, and yet none of the officers had ever met.

and money resources, channels wise use of resources, and fosters fellowship and understanding among its Success Tips members. Frequent association with other members in

1. Involve as many family members as possible in activities

family organizations, through both personal contact and research projects.

and correspondence, brings definite feelings of con- 2. Provide definite and worthwhile services for contributing

members. cern for family and greater appreciation of family ties. 3. Establish active communications through a quarterly

By working with others of the group, each member family periodical.

4. Acquire youth, enthusiasm for genealogy, and leadership

becomes family oriented and feels he is a part of a big qualities in leadership positions.

family operation.

The family organization or research team specializEra, February 1970 39

Now!

A $100,000 life insurance policy for less than $20 a month!

Beneficial Life's new Gold Leaf term series is a new idea in insurance. It enables a young man with a growing

family to beef up his coverage by $100,000 with a comfortable monthly outlay of less than $20.00.* Think

about it. You can easily spend that much in one evening's entertainment. Dinner. Show. Babysitting fees. Add it up. TheCostof

aside, the Gold Leaf term policy offers But economy Alcohol other attractive features:these

Convertible * Delegates to the United States Con- "Move Over"to level term at 5th through 10th policy ference on Alcohol Problems in Washanniversary ington, D.C., in the fall of 1968 were

"Go Back"to original amount on policy's 5th given the following data concerning anniversary man's relationship with alcohol:

Allin-one Family Plan option "Alcohol is the largest single factor

Double benefit option (accidental death) in the deaths of three Americans per hour on the highway."

Disability option "Alcohol causes at least half of the

Mail in the coupon for detailed information on 1,000 weekly auto fatalities."

Beneficial Life's Gold Leaf series. "Over 10 percent of the adult drink-

* Monthly premium for basic 10year term policy life Isinsuranceyour ing population are alcoholics."

at age 30 or under for $100,000 of initial insurance, Beneficial "Alcohol is the chief contributor to including policy fee. poverty which, in turn, drives men to

desperate and violent actions to acquire money or possessions."Life Beneficial

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH "Alcohol is a significant contributor to the more than $7 billion in industrial i losses per year."

i i "Even a little 'social drinking'can

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Dept. E 270 i result in a vast amount of brain dam47 W. South Temple age."

Salt Lake City, Utah 14101 At the conference, a former justice

Please send me detailed information on your Gold Leaf of the high court of Punjab, India, noted reducing term series. that the greatest contributors to the

Name alcoholindifferenceproblemof thearecommonthe "apathyman."(Reand

Address search Report, Number 20, published by

National Liberty Life Insurance Com

City State Zip pany, Valley Forge, Pennsylvania.) O

40 Era, February 1970 Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

We love you, minimoneyed students,

You maxihearted missionaries (No minispirits, you!),

You uptight, earthbound visionaries,

And you who pluck guitar strings,

As well as you who make the scenes;

You whose fingers boast ten rings,

You who work on cars and things, and you who sell and you who paint, or work on docks unloading freight, or hoe the corn, or sing the songs, or count the cash, or right the wrongs

Era, February 1970 41 We love you... every one!

All you who tend the stables, control cab]

Tell kids fables, paint old gables,

Sew on labels, read of Babel, Pitch the ball or just walk tall—

We love you... every one!

We love you best for your involvement,

You who care about your "neighbor,"

Whatever his race or type or status;

For his rights you're quick to labor.

Oh, we love your highblown idiom,

Oh, wow! you tell it like it is.

It's your syndrome, it's your fancy

Phrases earmarked hers and his.

We love Your penchant for authenticity,

Your sophisticated simplicity,

Your upwith-change, downon-duplicity,

Your joie de vivre felicity—

We love you... every one!

Though we weary being relevant,

Tire of dialogue and rhetoric prevalent

With words wellworn of vague define,

We send you all this Valentine—

We love you... every one!

Era, February 1970 43 Much energy and effort are expended by our modern civilization in penetrating outer space, plumbing the ocean's depths, exploring the polar regions, and investigating the infinite complexities of our nuclear world. While all of this goes on, a

multitude of social ills beset our society and pose particular problems for many of our young generation who are threatened by them.

How do wise young men feel about these various challenges?

What kind of "trip"most effectively captures their imaginations?

For those who get a fair exposure to Exploring (like the ones in the accompanying photographs), the answer is loud and clear: they'll take the lure of real adventure anytime—and

do so in preference to car, girlfriend, or other extraneous elements in their lives that can be set aside temporarily in pursuit of true challenge!

History, ancient and modern, offers its select list of heroes for rugged, rightthinking youth to follow, and two of the most significant of these heroes figure importantly in the Lake Powell country. John Wesley Powell explored the Green and Colorado

rivers in 1869, making a perilous exploration of the Grand Canyon

of the Colorado. Another man

named Powell—Robert BadenPowell—a general returning to

England from Africa in the early 1900s, saw a need for a program in Great Britain that would develop manhood and maturity in young men, and so he organized Scouting for boys.

Shortly after Boy Scouting came to America in 1910, it was adopted by the Church and has been a vital part of the

Church's work with young men ever since.

Explorer Scouting, a program J* withScouts,specialencompassesappeal for physicalmature programs of sports and outdoor activities, exposure to vocational pursuits vital in our technical age, social life, including wholesome association with young women, and spiritual development necessary in building good character and good citizenship.

Exploring for young men can mean challenging a wilderness I habitat, learning the ways of the wilds under the direction of qualified adults. As an example of the real pioneering involved, four national Explorer

landmarks have been located and named by Explorer groups within the state of Utah during the past 20 years: Explorer

Peak, 12,879 feet high in the midst of the Uintah wilderness area; George Albert Smith

Arch, centered in the new Canyonlands National Park; Explorer Canyon, through which

flows the lower Escalante River, highlighted in the July 1967 edition of National Geographic

Era, February 1970 45 magazine; and Shaw Arch, located in the Grand Gulch of the

San Juan River.

Since World War II, available leadership and equipment have permitted many thousands of young men to explore the Colorado River and its tribuINAUGURAL taries, and thousands more are regularly plying the great 186mile Lake Powell Reservoir, formed by the building of Glen

Canyon Dam.

How are adventure programs promoted and accomplished in Exploring? The blend

of challenge and effort and experienced leadership revealed in the answer explains the lure of true Exploring.

First, there is reconnoitering by aircraft. Research is done on

maps and photographs, and experts are called.

The Explorers are trained and equipped to enter the chosen area with a planned schedule of Exploring day by day. For

instance, in the recent initial investigation of unexplored Dark Canyon, on upper Lake Powell, Explorers traveled by bus 300 miles, by sheriff's jeep patrol 100 miles, hiked 30 miles with back packs, and were evacuated at the completion of the expedition by power boats for 15 miles. Aircraft checked

the group en route.

For young men with a yen for real adventure and a yearning for doing something worth remembering, something that stretches their brainpower, ingenuity, courage, and endurance, Explorer Scouting is a firstrate answer! O

'.'.

FellowCountrymen: At this second appearing to take the oath of the presidential office, there is less occasion for an extended address than there was

at the first. Then a statement somewhat in detail of a course to be pursued

seemed very fitting and proper. Now, at the expiration of four years, during

which public declarations have been constantly called forth on every point and phase of the great contest which still absorbs the attention and engrosses the energies of the nation, little that is new could be presented.

The progress of our arms, upon which all else chiefly depends, is as well known to the public as to myself; and it is, I trust, reasonably satisfactory and

encouraging to all. With high hope for the future, no prediction in regard to

it is ventured.

On the occasion corresponding to this, four years ago, all thoughts were anxiously directed to an impending civil war. AIJ dreaded it; all sought to

avoid it. While the inaugural address was being delivered from this place,

devoted altogether to saving the Union without war, insurgent agents were in the city seeking to destroy it without war—seeking to dissolve the Union and

divide the effects by negotiation. Both parties deprecated war; but one of

them would make war rather than let the nation survive, and the other would accept war rather than let it perish; and the war came.

One eighth of the whole population were colored slaves, not distributed generally over the Union, but localized in the southern part of it. These slaves

constituted a peculiar and powerful interest. All knew that this interest was

somehow the cause of the war. To strengthen, perpetuate, and extend this

interest, was the object for which the insurgents would rend the union even by war, while the government claimed no right to do more than to restrict the territorial enlargement of it.

Neither party expected for the war the magnitude or the duration which it has already attained. Neither anticipated that the cause of the conflict

might cease with, or even before, the conflict itself should cease. Each looked

for an easier triumph, and a result less fundamental and astounding.

Both read the same Bible and pray to the same God, and each invokes his aid against the others. It may seem strange that any men should dare to

ask a just God's assistance in wringing their bread from the sweat of other men's faces; but let us judge not, that we be not judged. The prayers of

both could not be answered. That of neither has been answered fully. The

Almighty has his own purposes. "Woe unto the world because of offenses, for

it must needs be that offenses come; but woe to that man by whom the offense

cometh."If we shall suppose that American slavery is one of these offenses,

which in the providence of God must needs come, but which, having continued through his appointed time, he now wills to remove, and that he gives to both

North and South this terrible war as the woe due to those by whom the offense came, shall we discern therein any departure from those divine attributes 'as AbraharrfShit born living ascribe to hope, Fondly believers in a him? always do which the we GodFebruary 12, 11 d assasof fervently this Aprilsinated away. that 1 * Y pass scourge soon war mighty 5. do With may we pray,

of legacythe on preCfflr it continue until all the wealth piled by the bondman's twoserved this Yet, if God will that from on, d toil shall every of be sunk, dropperhaps years greate unrequited and until hundred and fifty merican leftpresidents posterityA some with the sword; with another lash with drawn the shall be paid blood drawnof literature the truly noble of of

the ages. One of his most as was said three thousand years ago, so still it must be said, "The judgments

gifts is significant the adof the Lord are true and righteous altogether."dress he delivered his secat

ond inaugural. We reprint it With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right

withhere the hope and prayer as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in,that the inspiration genius and of it will reach Latterday youth to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle across world. a troubled It and for his widow and orphans, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just will thoughtread itcan if youfully. Please do.—The Editors "H a lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations. o

Era, February 1970 47

''-':. tl-',-:-..'. 'r'-i',;.-

one—he"He neverjustchastisedput his anyarm "Benot justreverenton Sunday."every day,The Date: of love around the world.""Pray together."

January 18, 1970 "When President McKay "Read good books."

died, we felt that we had lost someone in our ownThe Subject: "Study the scriptures.""Hate no one."family."Responses of young people

to news of the death of "We have lost a personal "Be pleasant and courteous

President David O. McKay friend."to everyone."

Fa- "Dress modestly—our "If only the young people in heaven is watchther today will remember his

ing."Question: teachings."

What influence did Presi- "Marriage: the temple way

What teachings of Presiis the only way."dent McKay have on your

dent McKay do you rememlife? "Contemplating where he ber best?

is now made me think of and thy mother "Love to be now how he feels"He just glowed with love.''''the father all days of the Christ, after our greeting

"He was like a partner in lives."personal relationship he's

our home at all times."iiBe clean in mind and had with him. It made me

"The older he got, the body, always."consider how my own relayounger he looked and tionship with Christ should

talked.""Smile."be."

President David 0. McKay Spoke to Youth:

My experience with the young leads me to divine, for when we touch the creative part believe that there was never a time when of life, we enter into the realm of divinity.

youth more sincerely sought the truthT when * * * they were more responsive to assignments Youth—conviction—courage make a commade in the Church, when they were more obbination potentially capable of determining

servant of the ideals for which this church the kind of world we shall live in.

stands. * * *

* * * Young men and young women, the future

Though not the wisest, youth is the best, the awaits you! It is yours! Whether it is better

most radiant time of life. to walk along the easy road of selfishness and

* * * indulgence than to strive through selfmastery and service for the realm of spirituIndulgence does not strengthen youth or manality, you must decide. "Whether it is better

hood; restraint and selfcontrol do. to serve God than man, judge ye."

Let us also teach girls that motherhood is Yours now the task to carry on!

Era, February 1970 49 Peop/e We Wont 7bKnowMoreAbout

Biographical background: Dr. College of Family Living, Brigham

Virginia Cutler was born in Park City, Young University. She served as a

Utah. She married Ralph Garr Cutler technical adviser in Southeast Asia,

in the Salt Lake Temple in 1929, and spending two years in Thailand and two years later, her husband died, five years in Indonesia. For the past Dr: V/rg/n/o

leaving her with two small sons. Dr. three years she has been a Fulbright

Cutler received her B.S. degree from professor and head of the Home Scithe University of Utah in 1926, her ence Department at the University of

M.A. from Stanford University in 1937, Ghana. Her honors and achievements

and her Ph.D. from Cornell University include many publications, magazine

in 1946. She has been professor and contributions, and being listed in nahead of the Home Economics Departtional honorary organizations. For

ment at the University of Utah, visiting many years she was a member of the professor at the universities of Washgeneral board of the Young Women's ington and Idaho, and dean of the Mutual Improvement Association.

Interviewer: We would be interested to know if there has been one

particular experience that helped to develop your testimony or that helped to crystallize your attitude toward the Church.

Dr. Cutler: I will have to go back to the time when I received a patriit a sacred documentarchal blessing. That blessing—I've consideredthat I've used all my life—has been a guide directed to me. The

promise was given to me that I would be a teacher, that I would teach at home and abroad, and that many people would be influenced by my teachings. It promised that the way would be opened for me

to get a good education. It also mentioned something about my

sons. Those things have come to pass. Of course, I think that

using it as a guide has helped things come to pass.

This blessing was really the guiding directive for me in deciding that I must go away to school after my husband died, that I must support my children and take care of them, and that I must have a home. All of these things have come about because of that

blessing.

I believed in the blessing so strongly that I went away to Stanford University, although it was during the depression and at a very difficult time. I had been able to pay for the house that we had

built before we were married. I had received a little insurance money

at my husband's death, but not very much. Two weeks after his

death, I started to teach. I saved and paid off the house. As soon

as I got it paid for, I decided to go to school.

I had only $100, so I borrowed $200 from my sister. I had a

little Ford car—-it was not even a Model A. I bought a gallon of

paint and painted my car so it would look real nice. I bought one

new dress, took my little boys, and off we went. When we got to

Stanford, I applied for a scholarship but was told it was too late, that everything was taken, and that there was no chance until the next year. They told me to add my name to a list of applicants if

I wanted to. There were six pages of names, typewritten and singlespaced, but I told them to add my name to the list anyway.

Two weeks later I received a call from the secretary's office. One

person had sent word that she couldn't use her scholarship because of illness in her family, so they had one available. It happened to

be the Henry Newell scholarship, which had been given by a very

wealthy man from Utah. He had specified that with all qualifications

being equal, a person from Utah should have the first choice. They

went through the six pages of names, and mine was the only one from Utah. So, the way opened up just as it was promised. And the

I went. all everywhere along the way

to how you handled the like you would comment onCut/er wayInterviewer:opened upWe

dual role of homemaker and professional person.

By Rich Boyer and Jim Jardine Dr. Cutler: When circumstances forced me to be the breadwinner

as well as the mother, I felt that I should get the very best education possible and that I must do everything I could for my family as well as for my church. I just proceeded on that basis.

My responsibilities often did not give me the quantity of time that I wanted with my boys, so I tried to make the quality as high as possible. We really tried to make the time we had together count

so the boys would understand that they had their roots deep in the

Church and in the community.

Wherever we lived we always bought a house; then we would

fix it up. The boys would paint it and put on the roof or do whatall worked toever had to be done—they had to do the work. We

gether. We had so many projects and so many things to do after

I returned home from my work that we were working together all the time.

Interviewer: You speak proudly of your sons. What did you do with

them? It sounds as if you had something like the family home

evening program.

Dr. Cutler: We had that every day! I felt that because the boys didn't

have a father, I needed to do everything I could to let them feel that they were secure and that their roots were really there in the community. Each of them seemed to have some special talents, and I

did all I could to encourage them.

About the time one of them started to learn to write, he also started doing some wood carvings. At first, he used soap—we had

so many soap carvings that we could do the washing with them for months. We made all kinds of animals and all sorts of things. I put

them on the mantel and made a special point of letting our guests know about these carvings. That encouraged him, and he's a plastic

surgeon today. I know that one of the reasons he chose that profession is because he developed a related interest with his carvings.

There were so many things the boys could do. They could

hardly wait until they got home from school to start working on some of the projects they had. I never had any problems with their

wanting to go other places, because all the other children in the neighborhood came to our house to see what we were doing.

Interviewer: You mentioned buying houses so your sons could sink

roots into the community as well as into the Church. Sometimes

members of the Church see the Church as the community, but it seems that you make a differentiation. How much of an involvement

do you think we ought to have in community activities?

Dr. Cutler: I feel strongly that we should be part of the community

around us wherever we live. I wanted my children to get acquainted

Photos by BYU Era, February 1970 51 with all the children in the neighborhood so that they could learn how other people live. I felt that we had our standards to take with

us wherever we would go and that we should get acquainted with everyone and accept them with their differences and do everything possible for the community. I've felt that way all my life.

Interviewer: What do you see as the role of the home in contemporary

society? It's not hard to tell that it's changing—and sometimes not

for the better.

Dr. Cutler: The family is the basic unit of society. If you have a

strong family, a strong home, and very close ties with the Church through the home, you will have a strong society. It spreads out to

the community and to the state and to the nation. I feel that it takes

great thought and planning to avoid making our homes like camps where we sort of live picnic style. Some come in, grab something to

eat, and are on their way to a meeting or activity.

Some people move about without really developing the type of spirit in the home that is absolutely essential. This spirit sort of

came naturally when most people were living on farms and everyone was taking some responsibility. But times have changed, and now

it really boils down to being good managers. We need excellent

management in the home today to develop good values and to work out worthwhile objectives for the family so all members feel that they are cooperating and sharing.

Interviewer: What specific advice would you give young women in the

Church as they look toward becoming homemakers?

Dr. Cutler: I would advise them to be prepared for a profession as

well as to take care of their homes. I think that having a profession

that serves both home and society is the ideal kind. My own, for

example, has been that kind.

We used to call it home economics; we now call it family living

here at BYU. We have different departments in this college that

prepare one to work in fields related to the home and children. For

example, if you are interested in nutrition, you can go into that field, and so on. Having some general background in these different

areas can help a girl be much more competent in carrying the responsibilities that she will have in her home. This can pay in two

ways. Everything she learns, she can use in her home, and she can

also'use the knowledge to earn a living, if necessary.

Interviewer: From your experience derived from being in many countries for extended periods and from your background in home science,

do you have any general advice for us and our generation?

Dr. Cutler: The world is getting smaller and smaller, and we should

be acquainted with what is happening in other parts of the world.

As it becomes smaller in terms of transportation and communication, the world can also expand for the individual. I think this needs to

happen to each one of us so that we can expand our knowledge. It

used to be that it didn't matter if you knew anything about what was going on in Ghana or in South Africa, but today we need to expand our knowledge as far as we can. Each of us needs to make his world

very, very big. O

By Susan H. Flick

Is your pattern choice in keeping with Church standards?

Have you altered yourself so that the gospel fits well?

Are you cut on the straight grain? Or on the bias?

Is all nap leading the same direction—toward the celestial

kingdom?

Do you "seam"completely overcast? flat felled? a little frayed? or

pinked and perky? Xxxx*

Do you stitch straight ahead?

back stitch? slip stitch? or cross

stitch?

Have you added just the right amount of trim?

Is the product (up to now) one you are proud of?

Era, February 1970 53 LDSSA Student association leaders from Boston to San

Diego and from Edmonton to El Paso met in Salt

Lake City to attend the Latterday Saint Student Association national convention. Lambda Delta Sigma,

Sigma Gamma Chi, and Delta Phi Kappa chapter presidents were also in attendance. Latterday Saint

students from more than 300 campuses were represented at meetings held under the direction of Elder

Marion D. Hanks, LDSSA managing director.

Highlights of the conference:

A Meeting of the Minds Church leaders listened to the concerns of the students.

Questions were asked and answered.

Ideas and experiences were shared.

The students were enthusiastic.

The wisdom and experience of Church leaders were appreciated.

All understood more fully that the Church is for the individual.

Leadership Opportunities

The Churchsponsored fraternities and sorority,

Sigma Gamma Chi, Delta Phi Kappa, and

Lambda Delta Sigma, elected new national officers.

Constitutions were amended.

Students accepted the challenge of leadership.

The students have a say in the programs of the

Church.

Latterday Saint students need to be leaders on campus.

Sacred Moments

A visit to the Church Office Building, and association with Church leaders, President

N. Eldon Tanner, Bishop Robert Simpson,

auxiliary heads, and others.

A view of the temple, visitors center, and

Christmas lights on Temple Square.

A concluding testimony meeting.

Elder Hanks'availability, concern, interest, and motivation.

A breakfast meeting with Elder Richard L.

Evans.

A very special spiritual experience with

Elder Harold B. Lee.

A written commitment to President David 0. McKay.

All these things—and knowing that there

are Latterday Saint students all over the world who are standing tall—will make this

conference a longremembered leadership training experience.—Frank Bradshaw

Era, February 1970 55 The PresidingBishopric's P&ge

TITHING FAST OFFERING BUDGET BUILDING WELFARE MISSIONARY F. OTHER SPECIFY TOTAL DONATION

50.00 2.50 10.00 62.50

15 FEB 1970 DONORS NAMEHICKMAN*JEFFERY*T no EIPT 011592 25 00296

THIS ACKNOWLEDGES A VOLUNTARY CONTRIBUTION BY THE DONOR LISTED ABOVE

THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

A HAYDEN WARD TUCSON NORTH WARD OR BRANCH STAKE OR MISSION

D. BP DAVID BEECHER PRESIDENT BY TEB BRANCH BISHOP OR

TITHES IN KIND

Sa OTHER DONATIONS IN KIND

Sample receipt of new tithing and donation forms

The New Tithing and Donation Recording Procedures By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

New procedures for recording currency or check that accompanies same way on each donation slip.

tithing and donations were implethe slip. He may list Brother and Sister

mented on January 1, 1970, in all 3. A requirement of the new Mark Smith, or he may list Mark

wards and branches of the Church system is for each donor to list his and Cathy Smith; however, once

in the United States and Canada. name exactly the same way on each the name has been listed it must

These new procedures are designed donation slip. Under the old manremain the same each time.

to reduce, through the use of autoual system, the clerk posted the 5. All donations should be mailed

mated data processing equipment, records and was usually familiar or hand carried to the bishop in a much of the manual processing enough with each family to know sealed envelope. All wards and

currently being performed at the that Johnny Jones, John Jones, John branches of the Church are proward and branch level and at Edward Jones, and Johnny E. Jones vided with donation envelopes for

Church headquarters. were all the same individual. Howthis purpose. If you mail your

From the individual Church ever, the computer does not have tithing and donations to the bishop, member's point of view, the new the reasoning ability nor the backalways send them by check or system varies only slightly from the ground information of the clerk, money order. Never send curpresent system: and thus each variation of a name rency through the mail.

1. The individual will continue will be listed separately as if each 6. A receipt showing the breakto fill out a white donation slip were the name of a different indown of the donation will continue

showing the distribution of the endividual. to be given each individual; howclosed amount to tithing, fast offer- 4. If the individual donor who ever, it will be a carbon copy rather

ings, budget, or other funds. is married wishes to have his donathan the original.

2. The individual is responsitions credited to himself and his Under the new system, the origble to see that the amounts shown wife jointly, he may do so, but inal is sent to Church headquarters

on the donation slip agree with the again he should list his name the for processing. O

Make Your College Experience Meaningful, Enjoyable and

Profitable at LDS HERE'S HOW LDS WILL ADD MEANING TO YOUR LIFE While some colleges offer institute classes, only the Church Colleges maintain the LDS standards and atmosphere on a campus wide, "fulltime"basis.

LDS is the only Business College where LDS

Devotionals, teachings, and leadership training are the rule, not the exception.

LDS insures all students rich religious experiences and surroundings with both a

Student Ward and complete Religious

Institute on campus.

ENJOY COLLEGE LIFE

Campus life at LDS will provide you with wholesome activities among those of your own faith. A

full schedule of dances, assemblies,

Changing of the Guard outings,pleasant reliefand athleticto studyeventsroutines.are

By Larry B. Sprouse Church fraternal organizations, and

It started in at midnight, MIA add even more excitement to

And then again at one, yourpursuits.recreational and cultural

And then once every hour YOUR BUSINESS EDUCATION

Till day was finally come. "1 WILL BE PROFITABLE

Business Careers, you will find offer the

I didn't really mind it, following advantages:

For he had been quite ill; A good starting salary

And he seemed too small for 1/ Early advancement medicine, Interesting work Far too small for a pill. A secure future

High prestige It wasn't his crying that got me, FOR PROFESSIONAL TRAINING YOU

Nor my feet on that bare, cold WILL FIND LDS OFFERS floor. Short term courses

It wasn't the sleep that it cost Reasonable tuition me, Excellent facilities Nor that diaperchanging Qualified faculty chore. Job placement services

CHOOSE FROM THESE COURSES It was that look of rested pleaFashion Merchandising, Computer sure, My mate's ever so cheery grin, Management,Technology, AccountingCourt andReporting,Business

As at breakfast she proudly Secretarial Science, Marketing.

queried me, "He slept through the night For more information write:

again?"Information Office

LDS Business College 411 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Era, February 1970 57 life are real.The best things in

The real things in life just can't be beaten. After Because you no longer have to dissolve the yeast,

all, what could be better than the real cakes you bake worry about water temperature or heat the bowl.

from scratch? Nothing. Now you just blend Fleischmann's Yeast with

But it does take longer at a time when life's a lot your other dry ingredients, mix—and bake one of the

more hurried than it used to be. best things in life. A light, tasty cake. The real thing.

That's why Fleischmann's developed the new For 70 real thing recipes, including the Babka

Rapidmix method. It makes baking the real thing below, send 250 for "Fleischmann's New Treasury of

quicker and easier than ever before. Yeast Baking", Box 61E, Mt. Vernon, N.Y. 10559.

Todays Family

By Carolyn Dunn Illustrated by Maurice Scan/on

What does the supermarket of the future hold for farout reports. By then we may be swallowing nuconsumers? How will the Space Age influence and tritionpacked pellets, and they will be taking care

perhaps change our foodbuying habits? of our daily food needs.

There is speculation that our foodbuying destinaHowever, for those of us who plan to keep two feet tions of the future will include commissaries in the sky on the ground, the future may mean simply raising and shopping malls on satellites. our finger to push a button at home and having a

At the present time food for munching on the moon hot meal appear, or eating our food in condensed food consists mainly of freezedried variations that fit all the specifications of space travel in a rocket and the Carolyn Dunn, a member of the Sunday School general needs and tastes of the men inside. Armourboard, isanddirectorCompany,of consumerChicago,andIllinois.customerShe wasservicesformerlyfor

In the future, for longer trips special food might be consumer marketing specialist, Utah State University.

grown in greenhouses along the way, according to some

Era, February 1970 59 balls, about the size used on the golf course, or taking always devour the dishes and utensils as well as the our foods home from the market held together by food, for at the table of the future, many will be edible.

invisible bagging. So will some food packages and soft drink containers.

We may order our food at home or anywhere in the The exact flavor is still speculation. So far, there is

world on our phone-a-vision, or if we wish the comno report on digestibility.

Vegetables and fruits will be stored in kitchen (, A rGC6nt SUfV6y ShOWGCl hypnoticdrawers ofinfluencetomorrowofforcontrolledsixmonthatmosphericperiods undercondithe tions. Apples are already experiencing this new long

that 42 Convenience fOOdS actually life and appear crisp and flavorful at the market during all months of the year. Some produce items are also

COSt leSS than the Same prOdUCtS going from garden to market successfully in this maQe If On) SCra LCn,, "trance"Also instate.the produce line, new variations of familiar

fruits are already in the developmental stages, such as a square pineapple that may be simpler to send through marketing channels and a round banana that panionship of friends as we shop, we may join them \ee s better, is peeled more easily, and has more nuin the TV room of a nearby supermarket. trition and fewer calories.

By inserting an identification card into the receiver Aerosol containers will continue to have interesting slot on the chair arm, our TV shopping tour begins, contents, such as peanut butter, cup cake and pancake

By pushing the food button, a parade of products is batter, liquid spices, whipped butter, jams, and inshown on the screen. A quantity button is touched stant pudding.

whenever the consumer decides to buy. Talk buttons While we ponder some of these food and kitchen

give an audio description of all products. Closedinnovations coming up, another report takes us into

circuit video sales presentations will be a major part the food markets of the next century, of newer methods of selling in the foodbuying world The long, tedious planning of a complete superof tomorrow. market will be no more. A computer is now available

With all the complexities, it is and will be an excitfor instant supermarket planning. Within seconds

ing world. While some futuristic ideas may seem this almost human phenomenon can completely design

tonguein-cheek, most of the innovations will have a a whole store, taking into account the store's ethnic trial run somewhere, and you may help decide just neighborhood.

how much a part of the future they will be. The long, monotonous rows of merchandise will

In case you think you will never succumb to this be broken up into decorative "little shops"throughmechanized computerpaced life coming up, remember out the store to give increased variety and interest, that you probably once vowed never to touch a cake Convenience foods and instants, both dry and mix, eat instant potatoes, or try TV dinners. frozen, will increase in number and variety, and microIf the present trend continues, we will not dare wave ovens in kitchens will be as numerous in toconsume anything that isn't completely and totally morrow's society as TV sets are today,

nutritious. There probably will not be anything Instant ovens will also be a part of supermarkets as

unnutritious on the market by that time anyway, well as allhour convenience departments, increased

Nutrition will literally be packed into food, and we gourmet lines, and larger delicatessens with the will need it as the demands on our energy greatly emphasis on takehome foods of every description, increase. A centralized or warehouse system for the buying,

The problem now is that when the future arrives, cutting, and packaging of meats for supermarket use many predictions will have already been replaced. So, is finding favor in some areas and will be a definite

when you think of the future, think of next week and trend in future meat marketing. While the tenderness

you may be momentarily ahead. of meat is of prime concern to producers and consumers

Among many other reviews of future trends, we alike, a system to determine the tenderness of beef on hear of kitchens with builtin, year-'round vegetable the hoof has been developed and is receiving favorable gardens in glass cylinders; dishwashers built right into acceptance in many parts of the country,

the dining table; computers that figure menus and Other new innovations in the supermarket will ininventories at home. elude everything from soft lights and carpeting, which

If dishwashing is a problem, family members can are already a part of some markets, to radarcontrolled

shopping carts that will follow customers around the ways to take away undesirable tastes in others. There

store, plus automated checkout counters. Shopping is every reason to believe that even the persimmon

carts will fit right into the automated checkout. A might someday lose its pucker and become a mild gem

new type customer credit card will activate the store's of a fruit—competing with the orange for popucomputer system, check the customer's bank account, larity. O

total up the price of the merchandise, and deduct the amount from her checking account in the bank. There

will be no need to exchange cash. Some futuristic

experts predict that we will have a cashless and check- "The Spoken Word"fromless society. "The Temple Square, presented

The invisible bagging or molecular force will then over KSL and the Columbia Spoken Broadcasting System Nov- "knit"or hold foods together from checkout counter ember 30, 1969 1969.to kitchen sink, where it will wear away, leaving the Word

groceries free for storage. Side trips may be discouraged for fear the transparent bagging will wear 'The insatiable demand for more"

off ahead of time. By Richard L. Evans

Honest shoppers of the future need not be alarmed that a subject: "The suggests is a phraseif their cars. their grocery carts the speak up on way to

for ever Thereinsatiable more."demand Who transistorized in of voice a hidden the handle newA

talking grocery cart is supposed to call out a warning heard of anyone who was happy, who to wouldbe cartnappers just before they vanish from couldn't be satisfied?—who always had to have more

the parking lot. and ever more—more thrills, more indulgence, more

As part of their concern for feeding an increased power, more possessions? Some overindulge by seekpopulation, some food researchers are focusing their ing to satisfy appetites that remain unsatisfied. Some

attention on imitation foods. Consumers havp almake demands, and when their demands are met,

ready seen the results of soybean protein made to make more demands. There are communities that

resemble meat, and imitation milk is available in some want more and moremore size, more reaching for areas of the country. comparative place—and in the process, complicate

Research scientists at colleges and universities have their problems. The comparative and competitive

been busy with their own contributions to the field spirit often enters in and insists that the curve, the of food development. One professor of food science graph, the record must be ever and always up—

has in the later stages of development a lowcalorie which, if for a good purpose, is good, but which, if butter and a frozen lowcalorie whipped cream never satisfied, even after the purpose is satisfied, product made of real cream. Another professor has may be merely the insatiable demand for more.

Even when there are more comforts and convenirecently intrigued the industry with successful experiments with raisins made from fresh cherries and ences than kings could once have had, often there it comes downwith freezedried sauerkraut. are still demands for more. Perhaps

While we may want to look with awe into the finally to a balance of contentment and purpose future of foods and the supermarket, the luster may and peace, with a little wholesome discontent to keep us learning, moving, reaching, producing, butbe somewhat dimmed by our concern for future costs.

not just more and more without limit, without peace It may ease the feeling to reveal the results of a or real purpose. "All the good things of the world

recent study made by the United States Department of are no further good to us than as they are of use,"

Agriculture. In a comparison study, 158 convenience said Daniel DeFoe, "and of all we may heap up we

foods were priced with their homemade counterparts. enjoy only as much as we can use, and no more."

Of this group, 42 convenience foods actually cost less That human wants are, in a sense, insatiable, is part than the same product made from scratch. Cake mixof what makes progress possible; but if we drink

tures are one of the best example. Other convenience without quenching thirst, if we rush and run without

foods are becoming part of this picture. knowing why we rush and run, we may merely be

The main decisions will still rest with the family pursuing the insatiable demand for more. In all our

food buyer, who will want to consider family tastes rushing, striving, struggling, God grant us gratitude, and demands as well as budgets. balance, judgment; a solid sense of values, an inner

And speaking of taste, that may change too. New peace, and an honest appraisal of our purpose.

flavordetecting machines are now in the process of determining the sources of flavor in some foods and 'Carnegie Quarterly bulletin, Vol. xvii, No. 3.

Era, February 1970 61 A SAVING IN TIME...

Afor ONESELFLIFETIME TEACHERS SPEAKERS GIFT! LEADERS

PARENTS STUDENTS MISSIONARIES other! We all have a necessary job, with

Buffs mutualanother, respectwhetherandour admirationposition is onehigh foror and low.Recently my children and I were

Rebuffs placedI knew insomewhata positionofofourneed.welfareAlthoughplan

before, now that help has been given us is filled love with of Mormon Towns andso unselfishly,gratitude. myI soulthink the thought

ingenuity, the and of service, many hours

I thoroughly enjoyed the article about of all the helping that and hands in the City of Zion West""The toMountain gether the clothes, produced wellmade is [December], an additional There bedding, to food, and warm wholesome point connected with the early Mormon say nothing of the extras such as soap settling recognize that period few persons toothpaste. and I must thank my broththat is the so—or at least I suspect—and ers and sisters throughout the Church

of a stone building custom common for letter giving so of themselves that family my letter repretown. near the The on a hill others like us and many can be helped

sents the name of the town or a local when we need it.

school, such as "M"for Malad (Idaho), I know that we are merely children, yet "P"for Panguitch (Utah), "BR"for Bear we have faults and individual problems;

River (Utah), "U"for University of Utah, if in this imperfect state we brothers and so forth. and sisters can run this divinely organized

I have long been interested in this ocChurch of ours, it indeed gives a taste currence, and in 1965 I wrote the New and a suggestion of heaven.

York Museum of Natural History about a most grateful sister

Build a Personal atthethesubject.museumI wasknewinformedof no placethatinscholarsAmerBaker, Oregon

Enrichment File for ica where such a thing was done, except On Children

I the printing in Era for wish to thank Gospel Talks and Lessons wasin thetherearea knownof earlybyMormonthese scholarsculture; anynor articles issue the that several December

place with to give worlds of encouragement in Europe where such a thing was would 1 SUBDEX done. any mother would filing read them: "The who This system facilitates rapid

I interthis sufficient of think would Is to Teach,"A. Elder Theodore by Home permits and relocation easy of any

it est asking that Churchworth would be for Tuttle, children,"time your "Take by specific article you need when report for to residents it. wide community L. especially Evans, Richard Elder and Its flexibility for unique provides if of to custom such any they know you fiction, for the Those Neat Thanks "And limitless in expansion both subject or in area established not founded an by Skippin'Hutchinson. Rocks,"Janis by

of areas your special interest own Saints. Latterday Irene H. Tukuafu

in the subject and provided. C. areas Carr Gallard Hawaii Hauula,

With its comprehensive index and Tremonton, Utah simple cross reference system the use of a card file is no longer necInterested readers may send responses

Era. the A tabulation and report will essary. to

later. given he Be Still

File Packet Contents: No Nibley By John D. Engle, Jr.

instructions simple to receive hardly I could wait the Decemstones // of discord file format and comprehensive article. to read ber Dr. Era Nibley's Hugh lay index ever It there! reading wasn't enjoyed I have

pressuresensitive labels for his important disclosures relative to the themselves upon 26 major papyri. rediscovery Smith categories and for Joseph The

440 subtopics of the papyri Dr. Aziz Atiya has been the path I plod, by

6 cross reference sheets CR-1 one of the most exciting and faiththese words 6 cross reference sheets CR-2 promoting happenings in my religious will sweep of 6 table contents sheets TC-1 experience.

The Era is to be congratulated on its them all away:

AVAILABLE THROUGH to response immediate our needs. We

is available, all that the "Be still, DEALERS and LDS BOOK want to leam

EVERYWHERE or by scholarly writings of Dr. Nibley open a and know

of world knowledge new using the convenient to us. We that I am God."soon. the series resumes hope order blank below!

Leona Fetzer Wintch DISTRIBUTORSHIPS AVAILABLE # Manti, Utah For this command

Enclose money order and mail to: possesses me

An Open Letter and lifts me 336 East 1864 South I am a convert of eight years. As I grew singing

OREM, UTAH 84057 in gospel, the and developed I came to a from the sod, fuller of Father, our Heavenly knowledge the with overcome keeps and beauty I was that of the song - ORDER BLANK—life filled of joy with to be God's one and spirit free: my

copies Please send 1 children. of SUBDEX still, in the working I began Church, Then "Be

for ($3.25 the respect organization each, postage paid) I learned and and know it. of it is! structured well How HowName fit into the smoothly programs anthat one he is God."

Street

City State Zip 62 Era, February 1970

The COIN operated railroad

Complete Operating INformation monitors operations over

UP's entire system in the Union

Pacific West. It records and can

report to the shipper the location of every car, loaded or empty.

You'll know for sure when you use COIN...and you'll save time

and money, too.

Plant sites in the Union Pacific

West can be developed with your operation in mind. Write in

confidence to Edd H. Bailey,

President, Omaha, Nebr. 68102.

More Ride ForYbur Money

y r*y Z+&A

m

!it'->-- * *"* '**..,>.-*. llffl"11""*":......

Hottest Brand Going 1968 Continental Oil Company

More Ride ForYour Money...Conoco.

means top quality products, service and value throughout the Rockies!

You get More Ride For Your Money... when you ride with the best... in everything from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the

latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment to your travels through America's scenic wonderland... and get MORE RIDE FOR YOUR MONEY... AT CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND

GOING I.

TARE THE

. NEXT STEP.

were accompanied by the BYU Symphonic Orchestra. The Church TOGETHER

This was the last weekend of 1969 MovesOn in which stake quarterly conferences were regularly scheduled.

The light opera Amah/ and the Night Visitors began its fifth Christmas season on Temple Square with its opening performance in the Tabernacle this

evening.

The reappointment of Richard L.

November 1969 Gunn to the general board of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association

New stake presidencies: President was announced.

Glade M. Sowards and counselors

Philip G. Watkins and Orlo Goodrich, Eul The annual Christmas message by

Uintah (UtahWyoming) Stake; PresiPresident David 0. McKay and his five

dent Ralph J. Western and counselors counselors, issued today, read in part:

Lee W. Leishman and Wayne L. Kup- "We glorify in the advancement of

ferer, Antelope Valley (California) Stake. knowledge and achievement as seen in

man's efforts to conquer space and the

The First Presidency announced the landing of men on the moon. This

reorganization of the general Church represents important advances in man's

Music Committee with Elder Mark E. understanding of the universe about

Petersen of the Council of the Twelve him, all of which is the handiwork of as the new chairman. Committee memGod. Acquiring such knowledge is in

bers are Elder Richard L. Evans of the full harmony with gospel principles. gentle walk and some serious talk

Council of the Twelve, Isaac M. Stewart, All truth, whether it pertains to the about the great financial and personal

Richard P. Condie, and Arch L Maduniverse, to this earth, or to the indirewards of a business of your own, a

sen. Alexander Schreiner is managing vidual and his environment, is a part of JER MARAI Distributorship. It could

director with Robert Cundick as asthe gospel of Jesus Christ."be the most successful step you've ever

sistant. Leroy J. Robertson, former The appointment of William Roberts, taken. It's worth looking into, isn't it?

committee chairman, Frank W. Asper, president of the Auckland (New Zea-

J. Spencer Cornwall, and Harold Lundland) Stake, as a Regional Representastrom are consulting advisers. Roy M. tive of the Twelve was announced. This Jep fflapai

Darley, Crawford Gates, Jay E. Welch, brings the total number of representa16203 WARD WAY

A. Harold Goodman, Reid Nibley, Ardean tives to 74. CITY OF INDUSTRY

Watts, Bernell W. Hales, Jr., and MarCALIFORNIA, 91745

garet Cornwall Richards are associates January 1970

A new computerized system for remore about aof the committee. U We would like to know

December 1969 cording and reporting tithes and offerJER MARAI Distributorship ings throughout the United States and

The festive seasonal lights on Canada was placed in operation today. Name

Temple Square were turned on this It is expected to be less work for ward

Address evening, illuminating special Christmas and branch financial clerks who will scenes. Four thousand junior and make out receipts with special typeCity

senior high school students—said to be writers equipped with special ribbons State Zip

the largest choir ever to sing in the so that the computer in Salt Lake City can process them. PhoneTabernacle—presented a program. They

IE 2-70

Era, February 1970 65 sixties. Providing instant answers

These Times for questions of war and peace, air and water pollution, the ills of the cities of man, can only sober those who are sincerely concerned with responsibility.

So the seventies will begin to demonstrate whether or not the young idealists of the sixties were really honest and knowledgeable. Tl If they were, and if they retain the

integrity and regard for honesty of them were so disinclined I many to view in their elders, and if their he expressed regard for truth, love, peace, freedom, brotherly and sisterly concern, lightened by hope, shines through in practical (including economic) terms—if so, the 1970s seventies can become quite remarkBy Dr. G. Homer Durham able. But if existential pessimism

Commissioner and Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education or amoral resignation predominates, the seventies could bring crises of

The twentieth century has seen gatherings, voiced in the Pledge of leadership unparalleled.

more revolutionary changes than its Allegiance weekly by their KiwaNo forecast of issues can apnumbered predecessors. It is unnian neighbors and others in Amerproach accuracy. But among the

likely that the pace will diminish ica who were asking God to "help wonders of space travel, biophysics, in the 1970s. But the need to exthem do their duty as such."The and organ transplants, the following

tend one's self, one's attitudes, and ideals had much in common. But will surely challenge the leadership

one's efforts to "hold things tothe elders inclined to the view that of the seventies:

gether"may not keep pace with much of what longhaired girls and 1. Readjustments in the world

the changes. Herein may lie the boys Were saying was a mask. political order among the three

challenge of the coming decade. Youth not of the Establishment great powers—the United States,

Will there be enough men and tended to view the elders'proclamathe Soviet Union, and China.

women of goodwill, with forbeartions as a pose, if not hypocritical. In world politics, there has been

ance, sympathy, spiritual energy, To reduce the "generation gap,"an apparent trend toward a kind and high leadership qualities, to recognition was needed that to err of "practical conservatism"in the keep things from "flying apart"? is human, and to forgive (and Soviet Union. This may present

Hope lies in the fact that the understand), divine. new opportunities for world staaspirations of youth and the longThe possibility that the gap can bility, less aggravated by ideological

ings of the middleaged and elders be reduced is augmented by the fact differences. Since the death of

of the world may more closely that in the seventies, 20year-olds Stalin ( 1953 ), there appears to have knit together than in the late sixties. will become 30, the 30year-olds will been less preoccupation in Russia

There was a curious feeling as the become 40 and fast approaching rewith ideology and political doctrine, year 1969 moved into history. The sponsibilities of grandfatherhood more concern with retaining the

young, idealistic "dissidents"in and grandmotherhood for the chilterritorial gains of World War II, their music, ballads, feelings, and dren of today's tenyear-olds, who and pragmatic use of militaryeco- expression were yearning for peace. will become 20. As responsibilities nomic power to do so. There has

Words like love, goodwill, kindlidescend on the youth paraders of been a decline in Communistness, honesty, charity, compassion, the sixties, weight and experience doctrine "conferences"in Moscow, concern were heard. The values will require aspirants to leadership, engendering world propaganda

were not too far removed from the in the seventies, to look back with schemes. Extensive activity in for-

"fourway test"repeated by the possible appreciation for the bureign aid (e.g., the Middle East), in

elders at their weekly Rotary Club dens placed on leadership in the diplomacy led by militaryeconomic

considerations (as in Hungary, ties. These burdens have grown

Poland, and Czechoslovakia), has steadily during the century. The

dwarfed the old "Comintern"and American nation, for example, is a its missionaryCommunism. The national economic community. Weldemocratic revolutions of the ninefare, once an individual, family

teenth century touched Russia, but concern, has passed from the left China relatively untouched. county to state capitols to WashingThe seventies find China evidently ton in less than 40 years. Milking

in the final throes of ideological cows was a household chore for the

Maoism—of doctrine. If technogreat majority of Americans as the

economists, albeit military, come to century opened. Today it is a

power in China instead of the revohighly organized, professional enPrices lutionary, doctrinaire, militarypoet terprise, guided by producingare LOW

Mao, there may be other oppormarketing associations supported by in Idaho tunities to reduce tension. This the federal government. The cheese

may be helped by the economic—factory in Parowan, Utah, ceased Scoresgraved,of styles,all thethermographedaccessories. Buyor directDuraand perhaps the return of some operations in 1969. No one is milkand save from West's leading manufacturmilitary—power of Germany and ing cows there anymore to bring erordersof mailordershippedweddingsame invitations.day received!Rush

Japan. milk to the little factory. But the

World politics has been "polarlocal stores sell cheese, as well as ized"by doctrinal differences, led the same nylon brushes and merby the U.S. -Soviet powersystems, chandise found in Macy's baseSend for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail

since 1945. There has been a growment. desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

ing tendency for "polarization"2. Readjustments in the ecoName -

along domestic lines in the United nomic order. Address -

States. Economic, racial, social, President Eisenhower called atCity, State, Zip

urbanindustrial, rural, and age ditention to "the industrialmilitary visions have continued political complex."The sixties expressed

overtones. In the seventies, there concern. Meanwhile business leadwill probably come a new if not ership of the nation was doing morefrantic search in America for "the of the nation's social work than ever nameless

middle of things."Spiro Agnew, as before. The country seemed genthe satisfied erally with vicepresident, Nixon'sRichard products Electric Heat its giants, industrial provided as 1969 drew to an of evidencegave

end that he believed not only that they would add more social work

it air, water, and that was and eliminate existed, butthe middle enis Pure sorts. of all it pollution could vironmental that "silent majority,"the

be rallied and brought to support And the country seemed to rest a republic that seemed polarized. content that if the corporations Comlort

The differences between such Redidn't buckle in and get the job publicans as Mayor Lindsay of New launched, people would use new-... puts a springYork and Governor Reagan of Califound political tools to force govlike freshness in

fornia and such Democrats as ernments, especially the federal

Senator McGovern of South Dakota government, to act and to force the every room.

and Congressman L. Mendel Rivers corporations to act.

will persist nevertheless. They symIn the seventies, the American

bolize political liberty. And liberty "political economy"may be inclined

and unity are not always in harto scrutinize the "communications mony. complex"—particularly the major

Whatever the realignments and television networks. People in popreadjustments, the tasks and burulous California, fairly populous

dens of political leadership—local, North Carolina, and sparsely popunational, domestic, foreign—will be lated Arizona have all discovered

heavier and not less in the seventhat the world (as they understand

Light Co. Era, February 1970 67 Utah Power &

Scientists Now Agree "Wheat"for Man!

Wfppw it) cannot be fully reported in rive from a concerned, supportive, living color. Moreover, people outprimary group. If not, the political

side New York City have become and economic orders are going to aware that tremendous political and have more social functions than cultural influence has gravitated to can presently be imagined. Child

the networks, A nation that uses care, mental, and Medicare institucommon brands of cereal, clothing, tions may only be beginning.

and household appliances is not Education for America's social ready to accept certain ideas in needs in the seventies will be under common. Yet, the weekly news renewed political and economic

MAY WE SHOW YOU HOW THIS magazines and the morning newspressure to close the political, ecoMILL CAN PUT MONEY IN YOUR papers do not speak with the fresh nomic, and social gaps between the

POCKET, AND HEALTH ON YOUR voice of yesteryear to those who races. The "black studies"of the TABLE?

The new Lynco Wheat Mill is an all saw the six o'clock and the ten sixties were only forecasts and

Idea, stones, using patented grinding new o'clock news the night or week besymptoms of efforts, strongly will that a powerful and electric motor, convert 5 lbs of wheat into cake flour fore "in living color."Those who backed by industrial and business

in 32 to 4 minutes. read may well hurry to the variety interests, to reorient certain aspects

being a bulky Without flour bag, and of printed pages, during the sevenof education to meet the disadvannf Dust, Mill good is a the Lynco FREE looking, and compact machine. ties, to see if the ten o'clock news taged nonwhite students at the

The Lynco Mill can be operated with really had it "right"(and vice level of their ability and underor without electrical power. versa). And so, people will grapple standing. Whether preschool or

FULLY GUARANTEED whits; with the political and the economic through the university, this apro moot iwoiMtrm

LYNCO NATIONAL orders—some to seek advantages, proach and not the effort to meet

Box 15 and some to seek the truth or the "standards"for either first grade,

Filer, Idaho 83328 way out of the confusion. fourth grade, or freshman year will

3. Readjustments in the social probably accelerate.

order. The public universities and high

All of this brings us to the social schools had to develop many

Big Savings on order. If present trends continue, "tracks"to accommodate varieties

the threegeneration American famof human ability when they ceased

Vitamins ily of 1900 will have become, in to be elitist institutions and adSafeguard many, many cases, a onegeneration mitted alongside the liberal arts your family in the seventies. More accurriculum the many arts, crafts,

family's curately, there may be more genand professions serving today's sohealth... erationand-a-half families, and ciety. As the larger public univerpart-time parents and parttime sities and high schools adjusted, so,

children. The challenge for heads as elementary and junior high

with a plentiful supply now and later of: of families will be to use wisely schools integrate and meet the

Multiple PermaPak's Vitamins and Minerals (Scientific blend of 14 vitamins and 6 minerals) those few precious minutes that can needs of the disadvantaged with tabs ppd. $7.99 1000

tabs 3.99 365 ppd. be snatched, under one roof, in wider varieties of entrance ability,

PermaPak's Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid) the evening. And it will be the elementary schools may have to de1000 tabs (250 mg.) $7.79 ppd.

1000 tabs (100 mg.) 4.99 ppd. CNJ early evening that will have to be velop several "tracks,"all leading to

Send your order now or visit our retail showroom, yd budgeted for this purpose—with the useful and serviceable ends. The

hope that the seven or eight hours traditional ascent through the first the family spends together in hopeto sixth grades to reach, after junior PIERIVIAPAKPIONEERS IIM PBEPABEDNEBB PRODUCTS fully quiet sleep, later that night, high school, the "tracks"in high 40 E. 2430 S., Salt Lake City, Ut. 84115 under that same roof, can have its school and college may require adsubliminal consciousness influenced ditional school ladders.

by feelings of secure family love. American citizens in the fifties

For when the individuals all go their debated federal aid to education.

separate ways between 6:30 and They were probably prepared by

8:30 a.m. the next morning, all will the tremendous outpouring of Acts

need the feelings of personal inof Congress in the sixties for what

this amazing 32 See how tegrity and development that demay well become substantial fedholds book to page the key your greatest success as a parent

Points the way to remove causes of harmful habits in children of all ages. If you want prompt, cheerful obedience while helping

your child advance in every way—send for Free Booklet now.

Parents Association. Dept. 1972, Pleasant Hill, Ohio. 4S359. 68

eral financing of educational systems in the seventies. This will

come not as a consequence of a desire in HEW, the White House, or the Office of Education to spread

It will itheir influence. come in refjjel*rJ. 1*4. v, n JWt ak* pitanw ess

ofsponse a national to the demands economy and as a consequence of Ast.rws Start |

an idea incorporated in the DeclaraorniKkwiv Education,tion of Independence. an i *Hi hnj v,h mm B m mlmm—H| hTtt\, U

in- U,wherever or however attained, dividually, privately, publicly, has become the necessary condition for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Otherwise there is the

-pursuit of welfare and relief roles, -.. 1 II 1 "mjf *

ending in squalor and slums. The ZZ ZZ '1 W ":;wuisami <Trnn rtiiiffftf&iW.w.nVirj: l,.v,; i / liii

airbus we will ride in the seventies will not be peaceful, comfortable—

and safe—unless it is maintained by

sturdy aviation mechanics who know their jobs and do them well.

They are taking their place with the lawyer, doctor, or dentist. The

cities will not be habitable, likewise, unless the nonwhite people who populate them (and elect their mayors) share the pride, economic Southern Utah Mountain Estates dependence, and social stability that have carried the educated vi '-M

American white community so far.

There are tremendous challenges ahead. The political, economic, and

social adjustment of institutions may be simpler than the adjustment of our attitudes. The world, surrounded by space platforms, in

which information is multiplying, organized, and used by integrated circuits and computerization, is a Panguitch & Navajo Lake Area new world with familiar scenery. If

your attitudes are shaken up in the Surrounded by 4 worldfamous seventies, it may be well to reread, frequently, William Cowper's great national parks

Airports available in a Mysterious Moves "Godhymn a acre month U>nr 1 Fishing "-er estates 5: especially verse smaWay,"u)/0 a Boating down $1995. * payment b\/from

fast, will ripen"His purposes Hunting

Unfolding every hour; Vacation

The bud may have a bitter taste, Wonderland MAIL COUPON TODAY

Country ESTATES UTAH MOUNTAIN SOUTHERNBut sweet will be the flower."Color

Dr., Salt Lake City, Utah 84118 Mt. Vista &229 Skiing

At least we hope the flower will Horseback riding withoutPlease sendobligationadditional information, maps, pictures,

Name Utah Southernbe sweet. O Address

Estates Mountain State Zip City Dr. Mt. Vista 6229

Phone City, Salt Utah 84118 Lake Era, February 1970 69 Letter of First Presidency Clarifies Church's

Position on the Negro

December 15, 1969 Church's deep and historic concern with man's free agency and our commitment to the sacred principles

To General Authorities. Regional Representatives of of the Constitution.

the Twelve, Stake Presidents, Mission Presidents, and It follows, therefore, that we believe the Negro, as

Bishops well as those of other races, should have his full constitutional privileges as a member of society, and we hope that members of the Church everywhere

Dear Brethren: will do their part as citizens to see that these rights

are held inviolate. Each citizen must have equal opIn view of confusion that has arisen, it was decided portunities and protection under the law with referat a meeting of the First Presidency and the Quorum ence to civil rights.

of the Twelve to restate the position of the Church However, matters of faith, conscience, and theology with regard to the Negro both in society and in the are not within the purview of the civil law. The first

Church. amendment to the Constitution specifically provides

First, may we say that we know something of the that "Congress shall make no law respecting an estabsufferings of those who are discriminated against in a lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise denial of their civil rights and Constitutional privithereof."

leges. Our early history as a church is a tragic story The position of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterof persecution and oppression. Our people repeatedly day Saints affecting those of the Negro race who

were denied the protection of the law. They were choose to join the Church falls wholly within the

driven and plundered, robbed and murdered by mobs, category of religion. It has no bearing upon matters

who in many instances were aided and abetted by of civil rights. In no case or degree does it deny to

those sworn to uphold the law. We as a people have the Negro his full privileges as a citizen of the nation.

experienced the bitter fruits of civil discrimination This position has no relevancy whatever to those who and mob violence. do not wish to join the Church. Those individuals, we

We believe that the Constitution of the United States suppose, do not believe in the divine origin and nawas divinely inspired, that it was produced by "wise ture of the Church, nor that we have the priesthood men"whom God raised up for this very purpose,"of God. Therefore, if they feel we have no priesthood,

and that the principles embodied in the Constitution they should have no concern with any aspect of our are so fundamental and important that, if possible, theology on priesthood so long as that theology does they should be extended "for the rights and protecnot deny any man his constitutional privileges.

tion"of all mankind. A word of explanation concerning the position of the

In revelations received by the first prophet of the Church:

Church in this dispensation, Joseph Smith (1805The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints owes 1844), the Lord made it clear that it is "not right its origin, its existence, and its hope for the future to that any man should be in bondage one to another."the principle of continuous revelation. "We believe

These words were spoken prior to the Civil War. all that God has revealed, all that He does now reFrom these and other revelations have sprung the veal, and we believe that He will yet reveal many

great and important things pertaining to the Kingdom Church is established.

of God."We recognize that those who do not accept the prinFrom the beginning of this dispensation, Joseph ciple of modern revelation may oppose our point of

Smith and all succeeding Presidents of the Church view. We repeat that such would not wish for memhave taught that Negroes, while spirit children of a bership in the Church, and therefore the question of

common Father, and the progeny of our earthly parpriesthood should hold no interest for them. Without

ents Adam and Eve, were not yet to receive the priestprejudice they should grant us the privilege afforded hood, for reasons which we believe are known to under the Constitution to exercise our chosen form of

God, but which he has not made fully known to religion, just as we must grant all others a similar man. privilege. They must recognize that the question of

Our living prophet, President David O. McKay, has bestowing or withholding priesthood in the Church

said, "The seeming discrimination by the Church is a matter of religion and not a matter of constitutoward the Negro is not something which originated tional right.

with man; but goes back into the beginning with We extend the hand of friendship to men everywhere

God.... and the hand of fellowship to all who wish to join

"Revelation assures us that this plan antedates man's the Church and partake of the many rewarding oppormortal existence, extending back to man's preexistent tunities to be found therein.

state."We join with those throughout the world who pray

President McKay has also said, "Sometime in God's that all of the blessings of the gospel of Jesus Christ eternal plan, the Negro will be given the right to hold may in the due time of the Lord become available the priesthood."to men of faith everywhere. Until that time comes

Until God reveals his will in this matter, to him we must trust in God, in his wisdom, and in his whom we sustain as a prophet, we are bound by that tender mercy.

same will. Priesthood, when it is conferred on any Meanwhile we must strive harder to emulate his Son,

man comes as a blessing from God, not of men. the Lord Jesus Christ, whose new commandment it

We feel nothing but love, compassion, and the deepwas that we should love one another. In developing

est appreciation for the rich talents, endowments, that love and concern for one another, while awaiting and the earnest strivings of our Negro brothers and revelations yet to come, let us hope that with respect sisters. We are eager to share with men of all races to these religious differences, we may gain reinforcethe blessings of the gospel. We have no racially ment for understanding and appreciation for such

segregated congregations. differences. They challenge our common similarities,

Were we the leaders of an enterprise created by ouras children of one Father, to enlarge the outreachings selves and operated only according to our own of our divine souls.

earthly wisdom, it would be a simple thing to act Faithfully your brethren, according to popular will. But we believe that this THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

work is directed by God and that the conferring of the priesthood must await his revelation. To do other- /SS/ Hugh B. Brown

wise would be to deny the very premise on which the /SS/ N. Eldon Tanner

Era, February 1970 71 (Continued from page 2U)

"Some years ago I was privileged to participate favor of an appointment with the President. Unin a meeting of President McKay and Walter fortunately, he was called to the hospital where his

Reuther, a very powerful labor leader in the brother, Thomas E., lay critically ill. The children

United States, who was accompanied by his wife were naturally disappointed. A member of the

and two daughters. The meeting in the President's Council of the Twelve greeted the class and talked

office was pleasant and informal with reference with them.

to a farm experience of his youth and how it re- "Many busy men would have considered the lated to principles of truth. There was no posturing matter closed, but the next Sunday morning found

or posing or declaiming or any effort at all on the President McKay driving eight miles to a small

President's part to appear to be filling a role. As chapel south of the city. Entering the building he

always, he was warm and friendly and natural inquired where this particular class met. Imagine

in his conversation and companionship. After we the thrill experienced in that little classroom when

had left President McKay, Mr. Reuther walked the door opened and the President of the Church

with me a few steps. He had a tear in his eye as walked in. After explaining why he was not in

he said to me that he had enjoyed the association his office when they called, he shook hands with of many men of great prominence in America and the teacher and with each one of the children and other parts of the world, but, said he, 'I never met left his blessings.

a man like that.'A few minutes later Mr. Reuther "'I want you children to know,'he said, 'that

said, 'I do not think our generation will ever prothe President of the Church keeps his appointduce a man like that.'At a luncheon held a little ments if at all possible.'"Story told by Glen

—Elderlater, heMarionrepeatedD. Hanks,thoseAssistantremarksto theverbatim."Council Snarr, Murray, Utah

of the Twelve "I remember being in New York when President McKay returned from Europe. Arrange-

"While attending the New Zealand Temple ments had been made for pictures to be taken, but dedicatory services in 1958, I was walking down a the regular photographer was unable to go, so in hallway in the temple when a friend intercepted desperation the United Press picked their crime me and invited me to step inside a room. I was photographer—a man accustomed to the toughest

overwhelmed to notice that the only other people type of work in New York. He went to the airport,

in the room were President and Sister McKay. My stayed there two hours, and returned later from

friend said, 'President McKay, this is one of our dark room with a tremendous sheaf of pictures.

returned New Zealand missionaries, Brother He was supposed to take only two. His boss immeSimpson.'The President extended his firm right diately chided him, 'What in the world are you

hand, and placing his left hand on my shoulder, wasting time and all those photographic supplies looked into my eyes and, more than that, into every for?'

fiber of my being. After a few seconds, he gave "The photographer replied very curtly, saying

my hand a friendly pump, my shoulder a squeeze, he would gladly pay for the extra materials, and and said, 'Brother Simpson, I am pleased to know they could even dock him for the extra time he you.'Not 'I am pleased to meet you,'but 'pleased took. It was obvious that he was very touchy about

to know you.'During the ensuing days and weeks, it. Several hours later the vicepresident called

the memory of this introduction kept recurring. him to his office, wanting to learn what happened.

Approximately three months later, while sitting The crime photographer said, 'When I was a little in my office in Los Angeles, my telephone rang boy, my mother used to read to me out of the Old and the voice on the other end of the line said, Testament, and all my life I have wondered what 'This is David 0. McKay speaking.'He said that a prophet of God must really look like. Well, today

based on our interview, he had felt impressed to I found one.'"Arch L. Madsen, president of

issue a call to return with my family to New Bonneville International Corporation—BishopZealand to Robertpreside overL. Simpsonthe peopleofI lovedthe Presidingso much.""I have loved President McKay for a long, long

Bishopric time—since the winter of 191213 when Brother

McKay came to Los Angeles to see us who had lost "In Salt Lake City one Thursday afternoon, a our homes in Mexico due to the revolution. He

Sunday School class had been granted the great came to Sunday School, and he took a glass of

Mourners wait for a moment's glance at the funeral bier

how clear and beautiful the water was, and then he General Authorities in their seats at the funeral dropped a drop of ink in the water, and it was clouded all through. He said to us little fellows,

'That is what sin does to a life.'I have ever since

—Elderthen beenMariontrying G.to Romneykeep thatofsintheoutCouncilof myoflife."the

Twelve

"In the dedicatory service for the Samoan Saints at the New Zealand Temple, President McKay asked Brother Lafe Poilupi if he could translate the dedicatory prayer to be given by President

McKay from English into the Samoan language.

Brother Poilupi answered humbly by saying, 'I can do it if you will bless me.'President McKay

answered, 'I do bless you.'Although Brother

Poilupi had not heard the prayer previously nor seen a copy of it, he interpreted the prayer perfectly, according to those well acquainted with "When we arrived at the cable office, the man both Samoan and English. He never hesitated nor was most concerned and asked, 'When did you

did he ever need to correct himself."Elder Delarrive?'We answered, 'Just this evening.''Oh,

bert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve you are the people who came through the hurricane!''What do you mean?'we asked.

"The phrase 'McKay weather'was not an un- "He took us to a large map of the Pacific and usual one in those years when the President was said, 'As you were going south a very severe hurritraveling throughout the world as the new Presicane that had caused the rerouting of all military dent of the Church. Typical of the stories is this planes was moving exactly in your pathway, but

incident when President McKay asked me to all of a sudden—and they haven't been able to

accompany him to the South Pacific. We were explain it—the hurricane veered out about 200

refueling at Canton Island, 1,800 miles south of miles to the west, stayed there for about two hours,

Honolulu. The President was up bright and early and then moved right back about 200 miles into its

and in his seat when I sat beside him. original pathway. That time allowed you to come

"He said, 'You see those black flags out there? through with no difficulty,'he said.

Word has come that there is a hurricane in our "As we walked to the hotel, President McKay pathway toward the south.'We were concerned, said, 'That was the hand of the Lord that reached

but we took off and landed safely 1,200 miles later out and made it safe for us to come through.'"

in Fiji that evening.—Franklin J. Murdoch, Church travel agent

Era, February 1970 73 At Church College of New Zealand dedicatory services, April 1958 In New Zealand with the Prime Minister, 1958

In Puketapu By Elwin W. Jensen

The bustling little town of Huntand potatoes must be gathered in A cablegram from the visitors, ly, New Zealand, nestles along the great quantity; provisions and Elder McKay and his companion,

broad banks of the lower Waikato preparations must be made to Hugh J. Cannon, had been reRiver, in a pleasant valley of gently house and feed the multitude who ceived, indicating an arrival date

rolling hills lush with grass, trees, would assemble. This was to be no of April 20. Since the Saints were

and the cool evergreen verdure of ordinary conference. A prophet of eager to meet a General Authority,

this pleasant land. On the west God was to be in attendance. The the committee agreed ( for the third

bank of the river once stood the first General Authority ever to visit time) to change plans, and the small frame chapel of the Puketapu New Zealand, Elder David O. Mcconference was rescheduled for

(Sacredmount) Branch of the Kay of the Quorum of the Twelve, April 23, 24, and 25.

Church, largest congregation and was expected to be present. AnticiExcitement was at its peak as

center of the former Waikato Dispation was keen. members and friends gathered at

trict of the New Zealand Mission. A number of revisions had to be the meeting grounds of the PukeHere, one cool autumn day in 1921, made in plans for the conference. tapu Branch. The conference sesoccurred one -of the greatest spiriWord had been received that the sions, held in large meeting tents,

tual manifestations in the history of visiting brethren from Zion desired were filled to overflowing. Out of

the mission. to meet with the Saints there. They courtesy, several of the leading

In that year, the little Maori vilwould not arrive by the date initialMaori brethren were invited to lage was all abustle with activity. ly set for the conference, April 6, so speak. They made only brief reThe Saints of the district and the the date was changed tentatively to marks, however, saying they had

local Puketapu Branch were busy April 15. However, some dock come "to fill their baskets."They

making preparations, as hosts, for labor troubles had upset boat were just an empty kit, with no food the coming huitau—the annual misschedules, and the definite date of inside. Long had they desired to

sionwide conference to be held in arrival was uncertain. Not until the feed at the fountainhead of truth,

April. Meeting tents and sleeping April 13 issue of the mission newsto see a prophet. Now that one had

tents must be provided; kumara paper was it officially announced—arrived, they said, "Let us listen,

(sweet potato), meat, vegetables, a new conference date had been set. and fill our baskets."

Stuart Meha, stalwart mission brother interrupted and said that Outside agitators had attempted to worker, had been selected to act an important point had been disrupt some of the conference proas interpreter for Elder McKay. omitted from the translated verceedings. Once Brother Elkington

He was well qualified, but he felt sion. Three times this happened—had been obliged to ask them to

the heavy burden of this assignthree times during the translation leave, but in another meeting they ment. He knew the people would Brother Meha was interrupted and rushed forward to the rostrum

want to hear every word, every reminded of a point he had overwhere Brother McKay was speakthought. looked. Suddenly he realized: ing. Uncertain of what to do,

Then the prophet stood up. These Maori members, though everyone was temporarily immobilHow he longed to speak to them they did not know English, had ized. But President McKay simply

in their own tongue. But he would understood, in detail, the entire straightened up, looked at the agiask that, through the Spirit, they sermon! The entire congregation tator, put forth his hand, and in the

might receive an understanding of had received the gift of interprequiet dignity of his majestic perthe things he would say. His overtation, and through the manifestasonality, bade their leader welwhelming love and dynamic persontion of the Spirit, they obtained a come. As soon as the erstwhile

ality seemed to bring the audience full understanding of the sermon. troublemaker touched the hand of

into full rapport. The entire conference was an unPresident McKay, he seemed to wilt

And then it happened: as the usual spiritual feast. Never had like a falling leaf. He ceased to

sermon proceeded it seemed as the little Maori village experienced speak, went limp, and quietly withthough the entire congregation such an event. For years afterward drew from the meeting, never to

understood. Brother Meha, taking the Saints would remember and return.

notes preparatory to giving the talk of that special conference, and Today the'slim spire of a sacred translation, noticed the unusual repoint out the spot where the meettemple rises from the green pasaction of the assemblage. He was ings were held. tures of the Waikato, only a few

startled. Even the older Maori One young Maori in particular miles distant from Huntly, a conSaints who could not speak English would never forget, for not only stant reminder and a tower of

were nodding their heads in full had he seen and heard the prophet's strength to the Saints in New Zeaappreciation. sermon that day; he was also inland. Perhaps it is understandable

Still uncertain of what had hapvolved in another unusual drama. why the Maori Saints have a spepened, Brother Meha arose to give This was James Elkington, who had cial place in their hearts for David

the translation. But as he spoke been assigned to patrol the village O. McKay and why they think

in the Maori tongue, one old grounds to help maintain order. of him as their own prophet. O

"Welcome into the Kingdom 59 By Ron Woods As a convert of only five weeks, the Tabernacle as inspired men deprivilege of being near the Prophet

I was thrilled with the opportunity livered messages for the guidance of God as did those who sat around to attend the general conference of of God's children on the earth. I him.

April 1963. At the Friday morning was struck with the thought that The next morning I left my

session I watched and listened in it must be glorious to have the apartment early to be sure to get a

Era, February 1970 75 seat again in the Tabernacle. It let such an opportunity go by, so said this, he stopped and turned to

was quite early, and there was with much anxiety for my boldness, me. Looking deep into my eyes, he

hardly anyone else on the street, I went up on his free side and said, reached out his hand for mine and but as I neared the Church Office "President McKay, may I walk with said, "Brother Woods, let me give

Building on South Temple, I saw you too?"His gracious reply, his you the hand of fellowship. Weltwo people descending the steps to bright eyes, and the very radiance come into the kingdom."

the street. The shock of white hair of his face all made me know that I had, in the process of my conwas what caught my eye first, and I was welcome. Any trepidation I version, gained a testimony of

I knew that I was looking at the had had about bothering such a Joseph Smith, but the idea of a

President of the Church. I was so busy man left me as he expressed a living prophet hadn't yet made a

startled that at first I hardly noticed sincere interest in knowing about deep impression on me. But as of

that he was leaning on the arm of me—where I was from, if I had that moment I knew that here was

an aide. They reached the bottom come for conference, whether I was a living prophet of a living God.

of the stairs and turned in front of a returned missionary. In answer I cannot now walk that street

me, going in my direction, and I to that last question, I told him without seeing in my mind those found myself walking five steps bethat I had just recently been bappiercing eyes and hearing his inspirhind them. tized. We had been walking slowly ing words: "Welcome into the king-

I quickly decided that I couldn't toward the Hotel Utah, but as I dom.", O

ht to Remember By Derek Dixon

When the glooms gather and the Saints. And what a night it was! ly he was there, shaking hands with

sad days come, and when, like The singing of the choir held us a few people.

Ishmael in Moby Dick, I seem to enthralled for an hour and a half, He was very tall, and his white be bringing up the rear of every and we felt as though we had been wavy hair was a veritable crown.

funeral procession, I remember a caught up to the glories of the kingIn spite of his size, there was about night at the Albert Hall in London dom of God. him an air of gentleness. And his

14 years ago, and my heart is lifted At the end of the concert, as the eyes! They had a depth and penein a moment. auditorium began to empty, we saw tration to them that I remember

In September 1955 my wife and a man standing in a distant box, even at this distance of time. I

I were new converts to the Church. surrounded by a little knot of looked into them and seemed to see

We had not yet fully caught fire people. He seemed to tower above eternity beyond. And my heart

and were rather remiss in many of them. burned, and I knew that he truly

the duties laid upon us. We knew "Look!"said my wife. "There is was a prophet of the living God!

the Church was true, but we were President McKay."He spoke to us and shook hands

having difficulty translating our And it was. with us; then he turned and walked

knowledge into energetic, positive A sort of madness seized us, and out into the night with the other action. we frantically tried to make our members of his party.

In that year the Tabernacle way toward his box. But, to our We stood there a very long time

Choir came to England, and we arsorrow, by the time we got there gazing at the door through which ranged to attend their concert at he had already left the box with he had passed. We could never

the Royal Albert Hall. his party. describe, never in a thousand years,

As the great night came, we took Frantically we rushed to an outhow we felt at that time; for the

our seats in the immense audiside corridor, searching as we went Prophet had gone, but the testitorium with several thousand other for a sign of him. And then suddenmony remained. O

Flowerbanked grave at the Salt Lake City cemetery

Thoughts on President David McKay By S. Dilworth YoungQ

Rise up, Huntsville, Let the valley He taught the

Bare your Lie warmer because Simple virtues:

Head. He was born Home—a shrine,

There. Parenthood—a privilege,

He received Motherhood—divine,

Your son, Of its strength. Purity—Godlike.

Our Prophet, He was of this land.

Has gone home. He did not

Spell out He lifted up his Exaltation—

Common clay, "We have it Lay his dust in Purified it, Here,"

The cool earth Made it fit, He seemed to say,

Beneath the Wasatch's Put eternal impress

Mighty gaze. On it. "In daily

Acts—What we are Be tall, Mt. Ogden, With loving care Here

And higher stand, Prepared it Mirrors what

Ben Lomond. To be We shall there

He loved your peaks. Exalted. Be."

Era, February 1970 77

His love for babies, sincere and beautiful, has been expressed in a choice gem that begins:

Sweet, innocent, heavenly treasure,

Spirit offspring of God from above,

Gift of an AllWise Creator, Expression of heavenly love!

Thou stirrest my soul with emotion,

I feel nearer God and the right;

For nothing is half so inspiring,

As a baby dressed in white....

President McKay called his younger daughter,

Emma Rae, his "ray of sunshine,"and when she left home for the first time in order to accept a teaching position at McCammon, Idaho, her cheerful laugh was missed very much around the house.

Her father wrote the following poem:

Emma Rae's Away

Lonesome seems the home today, yet four of us are here!

The sun is shining brightly, yet there's an absence,

Mother—tearful—stillsure, of cheer! is smiling, and the boys

at Brigham ride surrey an oldtime Enjoying play, to pretend studio, 1953 picture motion Young University's not the same—now that Emma's gone home is But

The Poetry of Yesterday,away! I thought I heard the front door open

wide, For a moment, I'd forgotten, and in ecstacy I cried David McKay "Back so soon, my sunbeam! We've missed you all Q

President David 0. McKay as a poet delighted the day!"

family and friends with his personal poems to Then the shadow settled o'er me, for Emma's far them. away.

In answer to a homesick son on a mission, he It isn't at the mealtime that we miss your features wrote a lengthy poem of comfort and advice, confair, cluding with (To speak the truth full freely, you were seldom there:) Old Time passes quickly—too quickly, my lad, Nor is it at the telephone where one must always

As into our lives he throws good and bad; stay,

'Twill be but a span ere your wish you'll possess, To answer friends and schoolmates, "Emma Rae's

And Mother and Bobbie you will fondly caress. away."

Be yours then to say, in that moment of bliss, It's in the mind, the thought, the feeling,

As loved ones you greet with a pure loving kiss; In every heartbeat an appealingThough waves of temptation around me did roll, For the merry voice that brightened all the day—

They but tempered my manhood; untainted's my Still remains that lonely yearning, for Emma Rae's

soul! away.

Twenty happy summers! why do years so quickly The affection, love, and devotion of David 0.

fly.'McKay for his sweetheart were expressed to her

Why do circumstances challenge our wish to have on birthdays, Christmas, and on other occasions you nigh? in words, actions, and in writing. Sister McKay

Your cheerful soul and laughter made home a expressed her joy in receiving from her sweetheart summer day, "heartpetals in rhyme"with which he continued

But now the leaves are turning—Emma Rae's to woo her.

away.

To My Sweetheart on Our Golden Anniversary

Hasten the day, old Hand of Time, when our children no more roam! Old Time leaves his mark by wrinkling the brow,

Bring back each as sweet and pure, as each left And by turning dark tresses to gray;

the childhood home! Many changes he makes between Then and the

Till then, pass, Time, like lightning: as arrows Now

speed the day! As he silently rolls on his way.

E'en then weeks move as oxcarts, while loved ones are away. But some things grow sweeter as years come and

go, President McKay's delightful sense of humor is For in essence they're really divine;

expressed in a poem in his beloved Scotch. The That this is a fact I assuredly know,

poem, to President Rudger Clawson, is entitled For these virtues transcendent are thine.

A Scotch Answer Your sweetness and love, refinement of soul,

Your letter's before me awaiting reply—Have been enhanced by each passing year;

The ane to the "Scotchman sometimes called With loved ones around you, yours is the goal

McKai."That brings heavenly joys very near.

I'm sure that you think I've neglekit you sairly

An'I'll no say myseV that I've treated you fairly. What I'm trying to say in this slow, limping verse

Is, you're fifty times dearer as Sweetheart today

I beg ye'll forgive this unseemly delay—That when you consented "for better or worse"

Ye ken weel that I've traveled for months far To be my companion for aye!

away; Then, besides, ye have been in this auld British land, On Mother's Day So ye realize truly hoo much wark there's in hand.

Our children, God bless them,Ye ask for a rug wi'good pattern an'brown, Are a credit and true—Wi'a bouncin'good discount for cash paid right

down: / marvel to think how

You mother'd them throughBut do ye no ken hoo the Scots lo'e the penny?

Measles and mumps,A discount! My word! It's gay hard to get any! Scarlet fever and cold—

But I found a true friend wi'rugs good and new, And the hundreds of rhijmes

Whom I telt 'twas a present I'm buyin'for you. And fairy tales told!

Said he: "Here's a tartan, the real, real McKai;

Since it's you, I'll gi'e discount."Said I, "It's a Ever patient, untiling, buy."Devotedly true—

Every virtue of mother Sae, noo, beloved brither, accept frae us twa, God has given to you.

This Scotch steamer rug. When frosty winds blaw, Oft alone, without husband,

Just wrap yersel warmly frae feet tae yer thigh, Your family to raise,

An'gie a kind thought tae yer friends called The world of your training

McKay.—David O. and Emma Ray Speaks only in praise.

Era, February 1970 79 At general conference in the late 1960s, with Presidents Hugh B. Brown and Joseph Fielding Smith

His Messa A Man and By Dr. Neil J. Flinders and

Jay R, Lowe

President David O. McKay was From his youth he grew and develthe world that his message as

a man with a message: a message oped "in wisdom and stature and Prophet rang out in greatest clarity.

from God for the people of the favour with God and man."(Luke A careful analysis of the addresses

world. From 1951 to 1970 he was 2:52.) His long life with his cherdelivered by him during his nearly

commissioned to deliver that mesished wife was an example in deed 19 years as President of the Church sage as the Lord's chief oracle on of the message the Lord asked him attests to this clarity. The message

the earth. Called and sustained at to deliver in word.

age 77 as presiding high priest of As chief administrator (1951Dr. Neil J. Flinders and Jay R.

Lowe researched this article, which

The Church of Jesus Christ of Lat1970) and longtime apostolic amviews President David O. McKay in

general conference light of the 106 terday Saints, President McKay bassador (19061970) for the gave from he addresseswas quick to admit that "when God Church, President McKay's inspired to April 1969. Dr. FlindersApril 1951is a

makes the prophet, he doesn't unand insightful influence was widely research analyst for the Departmake the man."( The Improvement felt. But it was during the annual andmentBrotherof SeminariesLowe isandan Institutes,instructor

University, Brigham where Young Era, June 1962, p. 405. ) In his case and semiannual conferences of the at

his doctorate. is pursuing he

this was particularly unnecessary. Church when he formally addressed

NOW!

is as moving as it is prophetic, and about the developing of the spirit it is repeated over and over in both within; to devote more time to the

provoking prose and touching real things of life, and less time to poetry. those things which will perish."

The will of God impressed itself (Era, June 1968, p. 112.)

on his mind; and, apparently, it The remainder of the content in

was during the April conference of his conference addresses fits pri1953 that this revelation settled into marily into three other categories:

the clearly defined themes that bearing personal witness of Christwere to echo and reecho over land (15.4%), warning of the antiChrist YOU CAN

and sea during the next two and his evil (14.0%), and witnessdecades. In his own words he aning to the restoration of the gospel LIVE IN

nounced to the world: to the earth in this dispensation

"... I have been impressed to (7.7%). SALT LAKE CITY

of functions greatemphasize President two a unique McKay saw at the

First, the puttingthe vital relationship Church: the in and between

order of our homes, and keeping home environment and attaining them in order; and second, the proand maintaining a living faith in NEWHOUSEclaiming of the divinity of the misChrist. He proclaimed that the

Center of City sion of our Lord and Savior, Jesus home was the key to establishing Overnight and Residential

Christ."( Era, June 1953, p. 400. faith in Christ among the people Free Parking

Approximately 47 percent of the of the earth. He substantiated this Family Rooms

total content of his addresses dealt position with realistic, practical, and Daily from $8.00

directly and explicitly with these persuasive evidence such as the everything topics. else following: averchild Almost spends antwo A MONTHLY RATE

in relationthat of to these 1 in the time 16 to age ratio of he said was topics, whether it be selfdiscipline, home over the school and 126 to 1 $190.00

free agency, Communism, crime, in the home over the church. Withchastity, unity, or charity. this link between Christ and the PRIVATE ROOM—BATH

Consistent with his role as a home clearly in mind, President ALL MEALS and SERVICES—MAIL FOR DETAILS—prophet was his effort to proclaim McKay committed himself to structhe divinity of Jesus Christ. He exturing the function of the Church in NEWHOUSE

horted all men everywhere to a manner that would insure its 4th South and Main repent and accept Christ—to acpractical implementation. The work Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

quire a faith in Christ. Sixtythree toward correlation, home teaching, Name

percent of his conference remarks and the family home evening are can be perceived as exhortations to prime examples of these efforts. Address

repentance, and the single scrip- "Home is the nearest image of tural passage he quoted most often heaven,""the family is the foundaPrint Name and Address was Acts 4:12: "Neither is there tion of the state,""our home joys

salvation in any other: for there is are the most delightful the earth

none other name under heaven affords,"and "no other success can COX'S DELICOUS in for failuregiven the compensate home"men, whereby we among to CreamedMoney saved."concepts are usedmust he be some of the

A marked characteristic of his emphasize the importance of the one of the best in the U.S.

message to repent was a spirit and home in an era when other minds GIFT BOXES A SPECIALTY famous for its flavor and quality feeling of kindness, love, and great are suggesting that the home be (Write for

Free Brochure) for individual. the This abolishedconcern as an institution. Trou.

COX HONEY FARMS honeyJ folfeeling discerned in the can As mentioned be previously, when US jfl Shelley, Idaho 83274 lowing sentence: "With all my soul, President McKay was not dealing

I plead with the members of the directly with the topics of faith in IN STEREO

Church and people everywhere, to Christ or the home, he was usually OriginalINDIANmusicRECORDof the ALBUMSLamanites think more about the gospel; more drawing attention to subjects he Go My Son—12 Songs From the Eagle's Bed—14 Songs $4.50 each—2 for $8.50

Blue Eagle Records Era, February 1970 81 Box Provo,330 UniversityUtah 84601Station felt were appendages of significant importance to these major themes.

A great deal of attention is given in his addresses to those thingsFor every that he felt were enemies of a faith in Christ and a healthy home.

The enemies he described are:

( 1 ) the lack of selfmastery—letting of the physical rule the spiritual;phase (2) the threat of Communism,

crime, and other forces that subvert free agency; (3) the lack of charity;

(4) the lack of unity; and (5) the

lack of reverence. The proportionperfect

of emphasis he gave each of these threats in relation to the others was roughly (1) 43%, (2) 29%, (3) 15%, (4) 10%, and (5) 3%.

is important to note that all ofpripflng! It

the enemies cited above except those in category number two are internal in nature, and they add up to 71% as compared to 29% for the external threats. President McKay

was not a prophet of doom, but an optimistic and hopeful leader who loved life on this earth. He recognized and explained that the greatest dangers facing an individual's

true welfare are within himself—not

from without. Apparently, he felt

it was much more important for individuals to correct self than to correct others; to be concerned

about what one needs to do to self as against what one needs to do to others. This is in strong support of

the conclusion that as a prophet, a large part of his concern was in calling members of the Church to repent.

President McKay loved the youth of the Church. He paid them great

tributes and looked upon them as children of destiny. He ascribed

DESERET JEWS the level of spirituality in the wards of the Church to the youth—as the

young go, so goes the ward. Many

Layout and design, composition, times he spoke directly to youth offset, lithographic letterpress, and counseled them to seek a faith fourcolor process separations bindery, shipping, and mailing in God and to approach the Lord call (801) 4861892 with that faith. If they would do

1600 EMPIRE ROAD this, he promised four great and

Salt Lake City, Utah 84104

a

immediate blessings would come to them—gratitude, guidance, confidence, and inspiration. He consistently lent his great energies to

programs in the Church that would develop character in the youth. It

was his conviction that "flabbiness of character more than flabbiness of muscles lies at the root of most problems facing American youth."

(Era, June 1959, p. 423.)

His main emphasis under the topic of "selfmastery"focused on the law of chastity and the Word of

Wisdom. Of all individual sins, he

most consistently warned of the dangers and destruction associated with unchastity. On this score he

stood unmoved in the face of accelerated social trends over the In New Zealand, 1958 world that condone sexual promispart of the foundation of a happy spirit of fellowship with all the cuity and increase tolerance toward married life and is the source of children of God was apparently felt infidelity. His position was clear, strength and perpetuity of the by those from all walks of life whom

unequivocal, and in full accord with race."(Era, June 1967, pp. 2526.) he visited and who visited with

his predecessors. By example as well as by word him. Repeatedly, he indicated that

"Ever since the organization of President McKay indicated that the the source of this love was his faith the Church, its leaders have raised individual characteristic that atin and relationship to Christ—

their voices warning that infidelity tached itself to all other virtues of faith that he acquired under the and sexual immorality are two the soul was gratitude. His spirit stimulation of a memorable home

principal evils that threaten to and expression of gratitude perlife.

weaken and to wreck presentday meated all his addresses—it is a conThe single topic that he emphacivilization."(Era, June 1966, p. tinuous theme. This characteristic sized in every conference—the need

477.) harmonized well with his magnanifor a great and universal faith in

"In this day when modesty is mous character. He felt and exChrist—was always prominent in

thrust into the background, and pressed a world view—a universal his thinking as it is expressed in

chastity is considered an outmoded brotherhood. In approximately 550 these addresses. No matter what

virtue, I appeal to parents espequotations that appear in his conproblems and needs were being cially, and to my fellow teachers, ference addresses, 384 were from considered, Christ was invariably both in and out of the Church, to the scriptures and 165 were from recommended as the only ultimate teach youth to keep their souls unnon-scriptural sources. A total of solution. "Without Jesus Christ of

manned and unsullied from this and 100 individuals other than writers Nazareth, the Crucified Christ, the other debasing sins, the conseof the scriptures are quoted in his Risen Lord, traits of the jungle will quences of which will smite and discourses. The preponderate mahold the human family in bondage."

haunt them intimately until their jority (91 to 9) were not members (Era, December 1965, p. 1099.)

conscience is seared and their of the Church. This need to bring Christ into our

character becomes sordid. A chaste, Standing solidly on his relationindividual lives and into our homes

not a profligate, life is the source of ship with Christ, whom he quotes that we might have order in our afvirile manhood. The test of true 225 times, he reached out toward fairs and an aura of true love surwomanhood comes when the womtruth in many directions and frerounding our relationships was the

an stands innocent in the court of quently called attention to the wismessage delivered by President chastity. All qualities are crowned dom and insights of men who saw David O. McKay—a man with a

by this precious virtue of beautiful and spoke that which would edify message from God for the people womanhood. It is the most vital and uplift their fellowmen. This of the world. O

Era, February 1970 83 "Christ is the way, the truth, the life, the only safe guide to that haven of peace for which men and women the wide world over are earnestly praying."

"The hardest battles of life are fought within the chambers of the soul."

"Horizon means something perience—butbounded by observationthe horizonsorwithex-

in us are limited only by the boundary of imagination and dreams."

"In all the problems and perplexities of human existence,

Jesus Christ is the one safe guide to whom we can go for guidance and comfort."

Speaking at a Brigham Young University preschool workshop for faculty and administrators "While we solicitously call attention to the tragedies in the stream of human life, let us not be unmindful of the muchThe Words of a Prophet greater group who move steadily and successfully along, avoiding "Today, as always, we need curtails or inhibits its free exerthe sandbars and rapids of sinmen and women who have the cise is wrong. ful indulgence and spiritual decourage to think right, to speak cay, whose noble lives confirm

right, and to do right!""There are things in the world and increase confidence in the

which we may and should degrowing generation."

"Love is the highest attribute spise, but we can condemn the of the human soul, and fidelity evil without hating the man.""True education—the educais love's noblest offspring."tion for which the Church stands

"No man can disobey the—is the application of knowledge

"To he the worthy son or the ivord of God and not suffer for to the development of a noble worthy daughter of noble parso doing. No sin, however seand godlike character."

ents is one of the greatest recret, can escape retribution."

sponsibilities of youth.""We are living in what may be

"Our children are our most the most epochmaking period of "Man's free agency is an eterpriceless possession. They are all time. Scientific discoveries

nal principle of progress, and the treasures of eternity. None and inventions, the breaking

any form of government that of them should be lost."down of heretofore approved

SALTZiLAKE COTTONWOOD OGDENI CM

social and moral standards, the guidance of God's inspiration.

uprootingings—all giveof oldevidencereligiousthatmoorwe aboutReal life,us."is response to the best

are witnessing one of those tidal waves of human thought which "No other success in life can periodically sweep over the compensate for failure in the world and change the destiny of home."

the human race."

"Parents are urged to gather "We must continue to declare their families around them, and that the gospel, the glad tidings to instruct them in truth and of great joy, is the true guide to righteousness, and in family love mankind; and that men and and loyalty, for the home is the

women are happiest and most basis of a righteous life, and no content who live nearest its other instrumentality can take teachings."its place nor fulfill its essential

functions. The problems of

"Man's chief concern in life these times cannot better be "THE ENVOY"should not he the acquiring of solved in any other place, by any gold, or of fame, or of material other agency, by any other TWO PANT SUITS possessions. It should not be the means, than by love and rever- a zcmi exclusive

development of physical powers, ence and righteous teaching and made especially nor of intellectual strength. His example at home."for missionaries

aim, the highest in life, should be the development of a Christ- "Choose good companions and $89.95*

like character."find among them those with anyYou'llotherneversuit!againOf thebe finestsatisfiedmiraclewith

whom you would like to go pressed fabric, The Envoy has an "The worth of man is a good through life and eternity."antee.unconditional"Mid weight'twoyearfor wearyear roundguarmeasuring rod by which we may comfort; does not spot under normal

judge the rightfulness or the "Acceptance of the divinity of overplaids;wear. Solids,regular,checks,longs,stripesextra longsand

wrongfulness of a policy or Christ's mission and compliance and shorts.

principle, whether in governwith the principles of his gospel ZCMI'checkBUDGETwith STORESus for ourMENSmissionarySUITS discountall stores ment, in business, or in social give assurance of immortality activities."and eternal life."

...

finest gifts "The most potent influence in "Truly, the holiest words my oneTraditionallyof the world's training youth is to cherish life, tongue can phrase, and the to have increased respect for noblest thoughts my soul can human kind, to keep their word claim, are unworthy of motherJEWELRY COMPANY of honor, to love justice, in the hood. It is a quality more prelife and personality of the cious than all others. 'In infancy

teacher."I saiv her lovely face. I came to 42TelephoneW. 2nd So.,(801)Salt3221039Lake City. Utah 84 10

manhood and find it still the "The true purpose of life is same. Reverently I breathe her FIBERGLASS

perfection of humanity through name, the precious name of MouldedBAPTISTRIESone piece construction,

Installed, 5 sizes, Economical.individual effort, under the mother.'"*"silypt delivery. Also, hot gas & electric

aters, fiberglass spires.

LITTLE GIANT

P BOX 518 MANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, TEXAS 77630CO. / 7 SEVENTH Era, February 1970 85

where the world registers "The dearest possession a man chance, but is a natural result has is his family."of continued effort and right

thinking, the effect of long- "Every member a missionary."cherished association with godlike thoughts."

"Many people, have lost the proper sense of values and have "To hold the priesthood of sought peace and happiness of God by divine authority is one wealth at the expense of spiritual of the greatest gifts that can come growth."to a man, and worthiness is of

first importance."

"A man's character is greater than intellectual attainments or "Temple marriage is the besocial privilege."ginning of traveling on a road IMPECCABLE SERVICE

that will never SUPERB CUISINE together—a road

"I appreciate with all ray heart end. Eternal joys may be TRADITIONAL

WESTERN HOSPITALITY the knowledge of Christ's plan glimpsed in the temple. These

A TOTAL HOTEL for the establishment of peace joys may be yours—together—if THE GRAND HOTEL MANNER among mankind. The assurance you will but follow the eternal

of the efficacy of that plan brings principles outlined for you on peace to the soul beyond the your wedding day in the house power of expression."of the Lord."

"Families who prayerfully pre- "A chaste life is the source of pare and consistently hold their virile manhood, the crown of weekly home evenings, and who beautiful womanhood, the conwork together during the week tributing source of harmony and

HfflfiH towillapplybe blessed."the lessons in their lives, happinesssource of strengthin familyandlife,perpetuityand the

ace of the race."

HOTEL "Meditation is one of the most

DENVER, COLORADO secret, most sacred doors through "All of us should take pride

Karl Gen. Mgr. W. Mehlmann, 303/8253111

Represented by Robert F. Warner, New York which we pass into the presence in making Mormonism a synoCity; Glenn W. Fawcett, Los Angeles. Or, contact your travel agent. of the Lord."nym for trustworthiness, temperance, chastity, honesty, justice."

"Next to the home, the Church IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS should be a dominant force in "He who seeks for happiness

Aids in treatment of simple sore safeguarding our youth."alone seldom finds it, but he

throat and other minor mouth and who lives, that is, who loses himthroat irritations. "What you think about in your self to give happiness to others,

HALL'S REMEDY fromsecludedyou momentswhen you willstand radiatein the findscome thatto himself."a double portion has

Salt Lake City, Utah presence of others."

GENEALOGISTS "Thankfulness is the beginFree catalog of over 300 items. Xerox copy- "A noble and godlike charning of gratitude. Gratitude is

ing 5c each. pictures Genealogy copied 30c acter is not a thing of favor or the completion of thankfulness. (each additional 5c). Mail orders copy

welcomed.

STEVENSON'S GENEALOGICAL CENTER 230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601 86

Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in

acts.

"i4It is your duty to teach that

Jesus Christ is the Redeemer of the world, that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God."

"Since love is as eternal as life, the message of the resurrection is the most comforting, the most glorious ever given to man; for

when death takes a loved one from us, we can look into the open grave and say, 'He is not Police escort hearse from Church Office Building to the Tabernacle for funeral here; he is alive.'"

"Selfishness is the root from which spring most human ills."

"We must continue to declare that the gospel, the glad tidings of great joy, is the true guide to mankind; and that men and

women are happiest and most content who live nearest its teachings."

President Joseph Fielding Smith reads his tribute to President McKay at the funeral

"The strength of any comSermons delivered at the funeral of President David 0. McKay, January 22, 1970

munity consists of and exists in the men who are pure, clean, upright, and straightforward, ready "OneWho Loved for the right, and sensitive to every approach of evil. Let such His Fellowmen"

ideals be, the standard of citizenPresident Joseph Fielding Smith ship."I honor and revere the name and the He exemplified perfectly the Old memory of President David O. McKay. Testament standard: "... what doth

"What you think about in For 60 years I sat by his side in the the Lord require of thee, but to do your secluded moments will camepresidingto knowcouncilshim intimatelyof the Church.and well,I justly,humblyandwithto thyloveGod?"mercy,(Mic.and 6:8.)to walk

radiate from you when you stand and I loved him as a man and honored As stated editorially in the Deseret history "If ever a modern News: a prophet. as man of him

in the presence of others."lived for better left his having world a true servant of the Lord was He

one who walked uprightly before his in it, that man was David Oman "A man's character is greater Maker;one whooneenjoyedwho lovedlife andhis fellowmen;rejoiced in McKay."Wherever he passed, men lifted

than intellectual attainments or the privilege of service that was his; their heads with more hope and courone who served with an eye single to age. Wherever his voice was heard,

social privilege."O the glory of God. there followed greater kindness among

Era, February 1970 87 men, greater tolerance, greater love.

Wherever his influence was felt, man and God became closer in purpose and Cod Makes 99 in action."

President McKay was called to the holy apostleship in April 1906 by my a Ciant Anions Men father, President F. Smith, Joseph who

inspiration of the acted under the Elder Hugh B. Brown

Spirit, and he became one of the greatOf the Council of the Twelve est and most inspired leaders of this dispensation.

In the early days of his ministry the "Here and there, and now and then, heart, that you will become.

Brethren used to go out on assignments God makes a giant among men."PresiPresident McKay has lived as nearly

two by two. Often President McKay dent McKay was a symbol of moral as it is humanly possible for any man

and I went together. We would travel strength to the people of many nations. to live a Christlike life. He found

as far as we could by train and then His life was an inspiration, his memory that the answer to the yearnings of the local brethren would meet us with a benediction. the human heart for fullness lies in

a white top or a wagon. Sometimes we He was a man who was tall in living outside oneself by love. He

continued on horses or mules or by character as well as physically. He proved the truth of Christ's paradoxical

ox team. Many times we slept out stood out, head and shoulders, above saying, "He that loseth his life for my

under the stars or in such houses or the crowd—a measuring standard for sake shall find it."(Matt. 10:39.) He

cabins as were available. manhood. He was known for his was a true servant of the Lord, one who

In all his travels President McKay largeness of spirit and the grace with lived as he taught.

was a perfect gentleman—always kind which he lived. He was aware that there are capaciand considerate, more interested in my The "Godimage"quality of Presities and powers within us beyond

comfort than in his own. dent McKay's nature was the root of comprehension. Our faith can bring

I shall miss him greatly. It does not his dignity. Those who listened to him us the wisdom to know what to do,

seem possible that he has left us. But felt there was something finer in the and the strength to do it.

we know he has gone to a joyous reman than anything that he said. Leadership denotes followship. No

union with his father and mother and When a great man dies, for years real leader finds it necessary to remind that he is now taking up his labors in the light he leaves behind him lies on others that he is the leader. He must

the paradise of God as he begins to the paths of men. The love, the teachso conduct himself as to inspire conassociate anew with his good friends ings, the life of President McKay have fidence. This age is calling for

who preceded him into the realms been an inspiration and a proud influleadership.

ahead, with Stephen L Richards and ence for good in the world. I would like to share with you some-

J. Reuben Clark, with George Albert As Robert Louis Stevenson said, and thing that President McKay once said:

Smith and Heber J. Grant, with Henry President McKay often liked to quote "If even the simplest principles of

D. Moyle and Joseph F. Smith, and this: "He has achieved success who the Savior's teachings had been ob-

a host of others. has lived well, laughed often, and served, history would have been

To my mind two statements made loved much, who has gained the respect changed.... The Church of Jesus

by the prophet Lehi exemplify the life of intelligent men and the love of Christ of Latterday Saints accepts as of President McKay. He was like a little children, who has filled his niche literally true the words of Jesus: 'I am

great river, "continually running into and accomplished his task, who has come that they might have life, and the fountain of all righteousness,"and left the world better than he found that they might have it more abunhe was like a mighty valley, "firm and it."dantly.'(John 10:10.) We believe,

steadfast, and immovable in keeping President McKay has done that. He however, that this abundant life is

the commandments of the Lord!"had the ability to inspire all whose obtained not only from spiritual ex-

(1 Ne. 2:9-10.) lives he touched. altation, but also by the application to

I thank God for the life and ministry A noted newspaper columnist wrote daily life of the principles that Jesus of this great man. He was a soul set of him: "President McKay is a man taught.

apart, a great spirit who came here to with a strong, friendly face, a coura- "These principles are few and simple preside in Israel. He did his work well geous smile, an amazing memory, and and may, if desired, be applied by

and has returned clean and perfected a deep understanding of his fellowevery normal person. The first of these,

to the realms of light and joyous remen.... I have met many of the and the foundation upon which a true

union. If ever there was a.man to whom religious leaders of the world but Christian society is built, is: 'Thou

these words of scriptural benediction none with a more contagious humor, shalt love the Lord thy God with all might well be said, it was President practical good sense and homespun thy heart, and with all thy soul, and

McKay: philosophy."with all thy mind.'"(Mark 12:30.)

"Come, ye blessed of my Father, inPeople are impressed by convictions He emphasized the latter part of that.

herit the kingdom prepared for you and earnestness, and the dignity and He loved God with all his soul, but he from the foundation of the world"simplicity that go along with being loved him with all his mind, too, and (Matt. 25:34), for ye did all things well honest. Religion gets into the blood because of that interpretation of the

that were entrusted unto thy care. atmospherically. meaning of the scripture, he spent a

I pray that the peace of heaven may We believe that the teachings of lifetime improving his mind, reaching rest with Sister McKay and their family Jesus Christ are not primarily theologiup, looking out, lifting up, and thus he and that the spirit of emulation may cal dogma, but a moral idea. His blessed all who met him.

abound in the hearts of all of us for kingdom is not so much a theory to be General Omar Bradley spoke truly that mighty prophet whose memory is believed as a goal to be sought. The when he said, "With the monstrous

hallowed to us this day. vision that you glorify in your mind, weapons man already has, humanity is

In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O the ideal that you enthrone in your in danger of being trapped in this

AROUND THE WORLD

with W. Cleon Skousen

world by its moral adolescence. Our London Cairo Holyland

knowledge of science has clearly outIndia Hong Kong Japan Expo stripped our capacity to control it. (We

have too many men of science—too few May 25 Departure

men of God.) We have grasped the JLSUUlJLGJLJLOJLQJULftJL

mystery of the atom and rejected the OTHER TOURS FOR 70

Sermon on the Mount. Man is stumEUROPE HAWAII SOUTH PACIFIC

bling blindly a spiritual through darkSOUTH AMERICA DOMESTIC ness while toying the precarious with secrets of life and death. The world CARIBBEAN SCANDINAVIAN

has achieved brilliance without wisdom, power without conscience. Ours MURDOCK TRAVEL INC.

is a world of nuclear giants and ethical 14 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

infants."3283161

We thank the Lord for leaders such Gentlemen:

as President McKay who help us to Please send me the brochure on your keep a true sense of values, to realize Round the World Tour and act upon the revealed fact that Send me your brochure on your man is a child of God: that, as the Tour for 1970

apostle Paul said, we are "jointheirs with Christ."(Rom. 8:17.) NAME

Dr. James E. Talmage, who for many

years was associated with President ADDRESS

McKay in the Council of the Twelve, sums up a discussion of the creation of the universe as follows:

"What is man in this boundless setting of sublime splendor? I answer BIBLE LANDS TOUR

you: Potentially now, actually to be. 15 days $749

He is greater and grander, more preDeparting August 13, 1970cious in the arithmetic of God, than all Pero Israel, Rome, Cairo, Luxor, the planets and suns of space. For him Cyprus, Athens, Corinth

created: arethey were they his handiHost: Duane S. Crowther is his son. thiswork: In world, man

man is given dominion over a few Author & Lecturer things. It is his privilege to achieve For information write or call:

supremacy over many things. Bible Lands Tour

'The heavens declare the glory of 191 N. 650 East, Bountiful, Utah 84010

God,'said the Psalmist, 'And the (801) 2921959 firmament showeth his handiwork.'

as are grandIncomprehensibly the THE NEW creationsphysical of the earth and

NONCAFFEINEspace, they into brought been have to publish Timeexistence as to a necesend, an means DRINK HOT nourishing and A delicious to start way the of realization tosary the the supreme day your book?

the family. whole Adults like children and in ofpurpose, the which words the forthe delicious flavor of the wholesome grains.

Simple just boiling add water religious,creator and himself academic to fix—and We publish

serve! Economical, too! for Look it at your fageneral professional books to exacting andis my work vorite market. ismythusglory—todeclared:bring'Thisto

pass the immortality and eternal life standards—within four months!

of man.'Distributed by Expert promotion for sales, adoptions.

But now, after quoting the poets, World Foods Free: Send manuscripts on any subjects

scientists,historians, philosophers, and editorial, for cost marketing apand Division of Inc. Holly Foods, World is others, really there onlyand one praisals. for booklets. Write helpful 7th South 2520 Westsource get inspirafrom our which we

Salt City, Press, Exposition Address Lake Utah Dept 84119 5B, 70tion of thinking the meaning when 50 Jericho Turnpike, Jericho, N.Y. Juillard life of Fancy purpose Foods death.and and That 11753. Division Inc. of Holly Foods, World scriptures. Firstsource is the In holy

Street 310 Townsend "If life this read: inCorinthians we

Francisco, San California 94107only of in Christ, are hope we have we

Inquiries Dealers Welcomeall is IS YOUR ENGLISH miserable. most But men now

Christ the dead, risen from and become HOLDING YOU BACK?

slept.the firstfruits I have helped thousands that For of men of them and women

since by man came death, by man came toandovercometo becometheeffectivehandicapspeakers,of poor writers,English also the resurrection of the dead. For and conversationalists. With my new C.I.

as in Adam all die, even so in Christ buildMethodup youyour canvocabulary,stop makingspeed mistakes,up your reading, develop writing learn all the alive."shall 15:19Cor. (1 be made

of "secrets"conversation. only skill,Takes 15

22.) in a minutes day your home.'own Costs tiny, of LARGEST SELECTION

little! or Send write coupon today! (Be ear, allin-theear, in the behind again the chapter, same And gA

to sure include zip your code.) eyeglass models. and pocket are celestial bodies, also"There and obliTRIAL. FREE No HOME Don FREE Bolander,; 2 BOOKLETS Career Institute

gation. guaranback Money terrestrial: ofbodies glory the the but Dept. Illinois Mundelein, 16969, 60060

. tee. Easy payment. down No

Please mail 2 your booklets me English. on FREE dealterms. or salesmen No k"1J

ers. Order direct for free and save catalog. Write 65%. Name

10947, PRESTIGE, Houston,, Box Tex. Dept. D-57 77018. Address

Era, February 1970 89 City. State Zip

celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another. There is one

glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory. So also is the resurrection of the dead...,"(1 Cor.

15:4042.) "So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in victory. "O death, where is thy sting? O

grave, where is thy victory?"(1 Cor.

15:5455.) There is nothing more inspiring than that account given in the four Gospels, where disciples, including some women, went to the sepulchre. You will remember, Peter and John ran to the

sepulchre when they were told that

Christ had been taken away. Peter was

more impetuous; John more fleet of

foot; but Peter ran into the sepulchre

and saw that the body of Christ was not there. The linen clothes had been

laid aside.

Mary Magdalene stood without, weeping. Then she looked in the tomb

and saw two angels in white, who said to her, "Woman, why weepest thou?"

She said, "... they have taken away

my Lord, and I know not where they have laid him."

And then as she stepped back she of presence the of someaware became WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES heart her bowed; head one. Her was

raise to MERCOTYPE dare did ENGRAVED not Rmercograph heavy. She was 7 7 R 7f f *l * FIRST 100 FIRST FIRST ** 100 100 U feet $19 at the eyes, looked$5 only $7 her and—steel finest—Printed die plain on engraved Genuine or paneled letters (thermography) Raised stood person of the ankles who and in plate sent with vellum your Engraving papers sharp, a wedding distinctive and beautiful and

clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery. there.

He said to her, "Woman, why weepNEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S. est thou? whom seekest thou?"She said,

Temples for your wedding stationery "If thou hast borne him hence, tell me

Over 60 styles from which to choose... and I will take him away."

including all the elegant vellums And then the Lord and Savior Jesus there her, to said "Mary."Christ And finest in silver and parchments

in her a whole complete change was pastels. gray and beautiful Also spoken. she her as heard being name

informals, enclosures, thank you of fact the the that aware She became notes, at home cards, napkins, living Christ had addressed her and photo albums, L.D.S. wedding called her by name. She raised from

books, and many accessories. agony to ecstasy and would have emtold her forbade and but he braced him

SATISFACTION COMPLETE WITH ORDER

WILL tell "I brethren: GUARANTEED CONFIDENCE.MONEY the OR to BE PROMPTLY her go and

CHEERFULLY REFUNDED.YOUR AND

Father, your and unto ascend INVITATIONS my ALL INSIDEAND INSERTED ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES. TISSUEDWEDDING INTO AND your God."God, Father; and and to my

(See 20.) she went. John And

FREE Gifts with every order difficult for It to underthem was stand the truth of what she said. Even

FREE CATALOG these who had been closest to him and FREE through his life could not comprehend

Etiquette Wheel Thenthe truehe meaningcame to themof theinresurrection.that upper

or (50c if airmail reroom. Ten of them were present. They

W quested) credited on fell back, afrighted. And he said, "Why

your order. are you troubled?... it is I myself:

MERCURY Name handle me, and see, for a spirit has

PUBLISHING CO. Address

139 EAST 3900 SOUTH 90 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 City State Zip a

not flesh and bones, as you see me have."(See Luke 24:3739.) It was aninspiring occasion, but even then they 'A True Exemplar

needed more to fully convince them.

And at a later date, 11 of them metagain. Thomas was present this time, of the Life of Christ

Thomas who had said, "I will not bePresident N. Eldon Tanner

lieve unless I see the prints in his hands Second Counselor in the First Presidency and feet."While they were there

meditating, He appeared, even though We have met here today as an exwhen most men have finished their the doors and windows were closed. pression of our love and respect for our mortal life, he was hale, hardy, and

And he said to Thomas, "... reach departed, illustrious, devoted, and bealert, loving life and the challenges

leader, before him. has presided over thehither thy He and thrust it into loved hand, McKay—

.".. years. prophet for 19 devoted side. Churchmy of God—andDavid toO. his

And Thomas said, "My Lord and my wife and family. Under his leadership the Church has

God."(See John 20:2528.) It is a real honor and a humbling enjoyed unprecedented physical and

He met with them on various occaexperience indeed to be asked by the spiritual growth. The missionary prosions, and with 500 of the brethren on family to speak at the funeral of their gram has made greater progress, and

one occasion. He met them at the Sea husband, father, grandfather, and we have seen more temple building

of Tiberias, and then he went out near brother, who was loved, respected, and than ever before. Priesthood programs

Bethany; a number of his followers adored by every one of them. and activity have been greatly enlarged,

were with him, and he was taken up in As I stand before you on this most a successful correlation program in- a cloud and ascended into heaven. solemn occasion, I feel so inadequate augurated, and Regional RepresentaThere were angels present, and they in trying to express my feelings, and tives of the Twelve have been called to

said to those who were there: "Ye men humbly pray that the spirit and blessassist in furthering the Church's worldof Galilee, why stand ye gazing up ings of the Lord will attend each and wide program. In response to a growinto heaven? this same Jesus, which is every one of us and that what I may ing need for an answer to some of the

taken up from you into heaven, shall say might be of some comfort and social problems confronting us, there so come in like manner as ye have solace to the family and encouragement has been greater emphasis on the imseen him go into heaven."(Acts 1:11.) to those who are paying homage to this portance of home and family relationIt is because of this promise that we great man. ships than at any other time.

bear our witness to the world that the He has spent his whole life in the His life of outstanding service and second coming of Christ is imminent. service of his Lord and Savior and of leadership has been acknowledged, and

We know not when—it has not been his fellowmen. It has been a signal great tribute expressed, by newspapers,

revealed—but we are sure that it will honor, privilege, and blessing and a radio, and television from all over the

come. most rewarding experience for me to continent, and elsewhere in the world,

May God's blessings be with us and have been called by the prophet as one and by telegrams, letters, and phone may we do everything in our power to of his counselors, and for six glorious calls from admirers far and near.

hasten the day when universal peace years to sit in council with him, to feel As one of the greatest prophets and will be established, when the gospel his great spirit, and to have been taught leaders of this dispensation, his counsel will be understood, when the Son of and inspired by the Lord's anointed. has been sought and his influence felt

God, the Prince of Peace, will come I have continually prayed and shall by leaders in all walks of life, includand rule and reign. When that time continue to pray and strive to be ing Presidents of the United States. He

comes, David O. McKay will be among worthy of this rare and wonderful was loved and respected and revered

those who will be with the Master and opportunity and blessing, which is beby millions of people who now mourn will greet us, if we can prepare ouryond compare. his passing.

selves to be worthy to see him again. I wish to express my appreciation for During his whole life he was a true

God bless you, my brethren and the opportunity I have had of becomexamplar of the life of Christ. He folsisters, all present and all who are ing so well acquainted with his sweet lowed and lived by the two great

listening, that peace may enter your and devoted wife, Emma Ray, whom I comandments which the Lord gave to hearts and from there radiate to all have always loved and respected, and the lawyer, who asked him, tempting, the communities where you live. May also for the close and pleasant associa- "Master, which is the great commandthe peace which Christ promised to tion I have had with Lawrence as ment in the law?

the world finally come, and it will superintendent of the Sunday School "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt come if more men will emulate the and in a business way, and with Edlove the Lord thy God with all thy wonderful example of our beloved ward, Robert, and with Conway Ashheart, and with all thy soul, and with

President. ton, and other members of this fine all thy mind.

The Lord bless you, Sister McKay, family whom I have learned to love "This is the first and great comand your family, and may you have and respect. mandment.

that peace of which Jesus spoke when I should like personally to express "And the second is like unto it, Thou he said, "Peace I leave with you, my my appreciation to the doctors and shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

peace I give unto you: not as the world nurses for their true love, devotion, "On these two commandments hang

giveth, give I unto you. Let not your and kindness in caring for his every all the law and the prophets."(Matt.

heart be troubled, neither let it be need, and which he appreciated so 22:3640.)

afraid.""In my Father's house are much. I should like to refer to one or two

many mansions: if it were not so I After a normal lifetime of service, instances that seem to depict the love

would have told you."(John 14:27, 2.) he was called at the age of 77 as a and harmony that existed in his home.

May his peace and blessings be with prophet of God to preside over The When he was 90 years of age, Sister all of us, I pray in the name of Jesus Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday McKay, his lovely wife, wrote the

Christ. Amen. O Saints. Though he had passed the age following tribute:

Era, February 1970 91 class to write out what each would like to be more than anything else. Little

Tommy wrote: "I would like to be

President McKay because he is a prophet of God. When he dies he will

go to the celestial kingdom, and that is where I want to go."

Then he finished by saying, "Maybe

I'll get there anyway."Such is the

faith of a little child, and I am sure his wish has been realized. The Savior

said: "Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not

enter into the kingdom of heaven."

(Matt. 18:3.)

Another little incident I should like to relate took place as President McKay's family were discussing the fact that he would be given a great welcome by the prophets and General Authorities who had preceded him, and by his father, his mother and brothers, and his many friends. His grandson Mark

spoke up and said, "You know, it would

Scene at the Salt Lake cemetery really be interesting to be in on that celebration that is going on in heaven "I am very, very proud of my husgreatly to our joy and unity and for Papa Dade. Boy! He's really got

band. He is just as lovely, just as progress. it made!"

courteous, just as polite, just as kind, His love of and devotion to the Lord How fortunate and blessed we are just as sweet in our home as he is anycannot be questioned. Another experito know that we are the spirit children

where else, and I am very proud of ence I should like to repeat took place of God, that God lives, and that his him. And I am very grateful for him. just before I was called into the First Son Jesus Christ actually came to earth

I cannot see a thing wrong with him. Presidency. We were sitting in a meetand gave his life that we might be

And I pray that our brethren will try ing of the First Presidency and Quorum resurrected and enjoy immortality and to follow his example in every way, of the Twelve discussing a very imeternal life. This will make it possible

shape, and form."portant matter, trying to determine for every one of us to go back into his

There are two experiences which I what would be in the best interest of presence if we will but follow the plan have had, and which touch my heart, the Church and acceptable to our laid down by him.

that I should like to repeat to you Heavenly Father. After the discussion President McKay has said much on

today. One morning, shortly after he had gone on for some little time, this subject, and I should like to read

had left the hospital following a slight President McKay said, "Brethren, I at length some of the things he has stroke, I was in his study with him, and think this is what the Lord would want said regarding life and the resurrection.

he said: "President Tanner, I had the us to do."He quoted John 3:16:

sweetest experience last night. About All of the brethren, though some "For God so loved the world, that he

II o'clock I got up to go to the bathstrong views had been stated, realized gave his Only Begotten Son, that whoroom, and had only gone two or three that we should do as the President soever believeth in him should not steps when Emma Ray was by my side, directed. I turned to a brother by perish, but have everlasting life."

holding my hand."And I wondered whom I was sitting and said, "I never Then President McKay goes on to

how this little frail woman could assist cease to marvel at the wisdom of that say:

this big man, but as tears came to his man, the keenness of his mind, how he "As Christ lived after death so shall eyes, I knew that she had helped him can analyze a problem and come up all men live, each taking his place in through love and consideration for his with the right solution."the next world for which he has best

wellbeing. He turned to me and said, as he put fitted himself. The message of the

At another time I had him in his his hand on my knee, "You are listenresurrection, therefore, is the most comwheelchair and was wheeling him out ing to a prophet of God."I was forting, the most glorious ever given

to go to the meeting in the temple. I startled and a little chagrined, because to man, for when death takes a loved

just got to the front door when he said, I too knew that we were listening to a one from us, our sorrowing hearts are "Oh, I must kiss Emma Ray goodbye."prophet of God, and that his answer assuaged by the hope and the divine

Here he was in a wheelchair, on his would need to be correct and what the assurance expressed in the words: 'He

way to a meeting, had only been marLord would want us to do. is not here; for he is risen.'(Matt.

ried for 65 years, and feeling it imporHe believed, followed, and under28:6.) Because our Redeemer lives, so

tant that he should kiss his sweet wife stood the gospel of Jesus Christ. He shall we. I bear you my witness that

goodbye. I turned his wheelchair knew and taught that death was just he does live, and I know it as I hope

around and wheeled him back through passing from mortal to immortal exisyou know that divine truth."

the hall, through the living room, to tence to a life hereafter. Further quoting from President

the bedroom, where he kissed Emma A little grandson of mine, eight McKay:

Ray goodbye. Then tears came to my years of age, who had leukemia and "Resurrection and spring are happily

eyes, and I thought what an example understood the seriousness of his conassociated, not that there is anything of love and affection, which, if pracdition, paid a great tribute to President in nature exactly analogous to the ticed in every home, would contribute McKay. His teacher had asked the resurrection, but there is so much

which suggests the awakening thought. been ours through righteous living in natural buoyancy but by the sincerity

Like the stillness of death, old winter this mortal stage, and the credit of of his Christian faith. During these

has held all vegetable life in his grasp, service to others."last months the King walked with

but as spring approaches, the tender, During the months and years in death as if death were a companion, lifegiving power of heat and light which he was restricted in his activities, an acquaintance whom he recognized compels him to relinquish his grip, and he carried on, giving leadership to the but did not fear. In the end death

what seems to have been dead comes Church, and never at any time did I came as a friend, and after a happy forth in newness of life, refreshed, inhear him complain. Last Friday mornday of sunshine and sport. After 'good

vigorated, strengthened after a peaceing as I called to inquire if he would night'to those who loved him best, he ful sleep. like to see his counselors, the nurse fell asleep, and as every man and

"So it is with man. What we call replied that he was not able to see us. woman who strives to fear God and

death, Jesus referred to as sleep. InThis Friday morning was the first time nothing else in the world may hope

deed, to the Savior of the world there in months that he was not up, dressed, to do."

is no such thing as death—only life and in his study. He was determined I wish to bear my witness that God

eternal life. Truly he could say, 'I am and valiant to the very end. He was lives, and that Jesus is the Christ, the

the resurrection, and the life: he that an inspiration and strength to all of Savior of the world. He has given us

believeth in me, though he were dead, us. And now he has gone to his great the plan of life and salvation through

yet shall he live.'(John 11:25.) reward. What a glorious welcome he his gospel, which, if accepted and lived,

"With this assurance, obedience to will receive from those who have gone will make it possible for us to enjoy eternal law should be a joy, not a on before him! Winston Churchill's with our great leader, President David

burden, for life is joy, life is love. It statement when speaking of the late O. McKay, immortality and eternal

is disobedience that brings death. King George VI applies so well to our life. May the Lord bless us all to this

Obedience to Christ and his laws brings beloved President: end, I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

life. "He was sustained not only by his Amen. O

"The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints stands with Peter, with Paul, with James, and with all the other apostles who accepted the resurrection not only as being literally true, but as the consummation of earth. divine ChristChrist's mission on Lighted the Lamps retfHe seal grave of thebroke the and

vealed death as the door to immortality and eternal life. He is real. He lives.God help us to believe in him with all of Faith"

our souls, and to make him real in our lives."President Harold B. Lee

President McKay then says: First Counselor in the First Presidency

"The important question with each and President of the Council of the Twelve of us today, as it should be always, is:

How well prepared are we to meet that eventuality in life, that inescapable To all of us who have been closely corner stone."(Eph. 2:20.) Anchored

experience called death? One man, associated with President McKay, we by that divine conviction, we have

contemplating this, tried to imagine have fervently wished that this day often heard our beloved leader pray, what we could take with us when the would never come. And so with hearts "O God, we pray that the channel of

end came. He wrote: filled to overflowing, and with a sense communication will be always open

of gratitude and responsibility, I yield between thee and us."That his prayer

"'Supposing today were your last day myself now to the spirit, in the hope has been answered has been continualon earth, that in these next few moments as we ly witnessed by those of us who have

The last mile of the journey you've close this service I might follow along labored close to him and have heard trod; as the Spirit has guided the brethren his profound conviction, "The Lord

After all of your struggles, how much thus far. has spoken!"

are you worth? I should like to take as something of This expression leads us to another

How much can you take home to God? a text the ninth Article of Faith: "We declaration concerning the exalted

believe all that God has revealed, all position in which he has served. In

"'Don't count as possessions your that He does now reveal, and we bethe position of President of The Church silver and gold, lieve that He will yet reveal many of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

Tomorrow you leave these behind great and important things pertaining he has been sustained as a prophet, a

And all that is yours to have and to to the Kingdom of God."seer, and a revelator. A prophet is an

hold, The distinctive characteristic of the inspired and divinely appointed reinterpreter of overIs the service which President God's and O. vealer David you've rendered manChurch mind

presided for nearly nineteen kind.'the keys to the has held and will. McKay has He

years as its President is expressed in kingdom of God in our day, such as

President McKay concludes: that Article of Faith which I have just were given to Peter as the earthly head

"When I first read that, I could not read. of the church in his day, there being

agree with him, nor do I today, unless Anciently when the church was esonly one man on the earth at a time he includes in that rendering of service, tablished, it was the apostle Paul who holding such keys.

theattainments—thedevelopment ofcharacterspiritual giftsthat andwe tiondeclaredof itthewas apostles"built uponandtheprophets,foundaexplainedThe meaningin reputableof the titlecommentariesof seer is

have developed, the virtues which have Jesus Christ himself being the chief and by an ancient prophet. I read

Era, February 1970 93 ter: "Though he were a Son, yet

learned he obedience by the things which he suffered."(Heb. 5:8.)

A prophet, then, does not become a spiritual leader by studying books about religion, nor does he become one by attending a theological seminary. One

becomes a prophet, a divinely called religious leader, by actual spiritual contacts. He gets his diploma, as it

were, directly from God.

Historically most prophetleaders were chosen from humble walks of life. David O. McKay came of the

pioneer, farmer family. He resided in

a small hamlet known as Huntsville, nurtured among the hills up Ogden

Canyon, isolated in a Bethlehemlike community as related to the larger centers of population. But like others

of those pioneers, he and his family, while living in log cabins, dreamed of grand temples of God. Our President

was a mighty instrument through

Scene at Salt Lake cemetery burial site which God moved to make that dream come true. During his lifetime as an

these to you that you may glimpse the accounting of his earthly stewardship. apostle and as President of the Church,

spiritual stature of this man. You Someone has written a summation most of our holy temples of today have

have been made aware of the outward that well expresses the feelings of all been constructed. "And by this vision

evidences of the greatness of this man, of us: "His love was pure and kind. splendid, he was on his way attended,"

David O. McKay. I would now desire Though he was gentle, he was firm. and like Samuel of old, he grew on, and

to give you an insight into that other Though he was humble, he was not the Lord was with him, and he "was in dimension of his great soul. The Enwithout courage. Though he was favour both with the Lord, and also

cyclopedia Britannica defines seer as forgiving to the truly repentant, he with men."(1 Sam. 2:26.)

follows: never condoned sin. Though he had President McKay once said, "The

"Seers create the expectation of indiseen many changes in the standards of poorest shack in which prevails a viduals in mysterious contact with God, living, and had seen many advanceunited family is of far greater value to standing in his counsel, knowing his ments in science, he never changed any God and to humanity than any other secrets, whose words therefore should principles of the gospel. He brought riches. In such a home God can work

have absolute authority in times of honor and respect for the Church and miracles and will work miracles. Pure

crisis."Kingdom of God the world over. He hearts in a pure home are always in

The prophet Ammon declared: was honored by all respectable people. whispering distance of heaven."He

"And the king said that a seer is He was genuine. He talked with God. should know, for the home of his childgreater than a prophet. He was and is a prophet of the Living hood and the one in which he was the

"And Ammon said that a seer is a God. That man and prophet is David father and presided were within "whisrevelator and a prophet also; and a gift O. McKay."pering distance of heaven."

which is greater can no man have, exHis preparation for this mission beIn the public press and by radio and cept he should possess the power of gan in the premortal world, where television during the last few days the

God, which no man can; yet a man Abraham tells us there were great and accomplishments of his life have been

may have great power given him from noble ones, from among whom God well documented and need not be

God. said he would make his rulers. To further elaborated, but his great love

"But a seer can know of things Abraham the Lord declared, as he did for people urged him to give impetus to which are past, and also of things to Jeremiah, as well as to others, "... the Cburchwide welfare movement,

which are to come, and by them shall thou art of them; thou wast chosen designed to give aid to the needy and

things be revealed, or, rather, shall before thou wast born."(Abr. 3:23.) the unfortunate to be uplifted in the

secret things be made manifest, and There is no doubt in the minds of Lord's own way. And in the beginning

hidden things shall come to light, and thousands who knew the life of David of that movement, I was called to be things which are not known shall be O. McKay that like Abraham and close to President McKay, and was

made known by them, and also things Jeremiah and others of the prophets, called to his office sometimes not once shall be made known by them which David O. McKay was chosen before but several times, as he directed the

otherwise could not be known. he was born. molding of what we call the Welfare

"Thus God has provided a means Joseph Smith, the first prophet of this Program of the Church.

that man, through faith, might work dispensation, once explained, "A man As he sensed the decline in family mighty miracles; therefore he becomis only a prophet when he is acting home life in this and other nations,

eth a great benefit to his fellow beings."as such."This enlightening declarahe directed the establishment of a

(Mosiah 8:1518.) tion doubtless holds true of all prophChurch-wide family home evening

In those words you have dramatically ets, ancient as well as modern men of program, as has been referred to, with portrayed the spiritual stature of this God. Very likely they receive their a welldefined program of weekly

great man of God who has now been polishing by the sometimes refining religious and moral teachings, an accalled home to report and to give an processes, as Paul declared of the Mastivity designed to draw parents and

children together. He said, "One of our My wife for eternity, my own Emma see God"(Job 19:2526), if I am

most precious possessions in our family Ray. worthy and hopefully to stand by the

home is the school of human virtues. You insist that I'm ninety? side of this noble leader, whom we

Its responsibilities, joys and sorrows, My limbs say you are right, have loved so much in life.

smiles, tears, hopes and solicitudes As I hobble along a pitiable sight; "In my Father's house are many

form the chief interests of life."But I shall always feel young mansions: if it were not so, I would

He was alert to the moral decline With the gospel that's true, have told you. I go to prepare a place

and mounting juvenile delinquency With loved ones around me, and for you... that where I am, there

and the everincreasing crime wave. friends like you."ye may be also."(John 14:2-3.) I can

He made it clear to all of us that the As I have witnessed the throng of imagine his wanting to say that to us world was in need of a unifying force, people waiting, waiting, almost around here today. There are many mansions

and such an ideal is the gospel of the entire block surrounding the in our Father's kingdom beyond this.

Jesus Christ. Throughout the whole Church Office Building, for the last "I go to prepare a place for you....

Church, in the family home, and in glimpse of their departed leader, I have that where I am, there ye may be also.

all Church organizations, these gospel repeated to myself: That person who And whither I go ye know, and the way

ideals must be constantly impressed, has lived best is he who in his passing ye know.""Let not your heart be

to minimize, if possible, these evils in has taken up most hearts with him. troubled, neither let it be afraid."(John

the world. This has required a lifetime Amidst the turmoil in all the world, 1:3-4,27.)

effort on his part to urge us to intewe lean upon the assurances that the And so as one who bears the responsigrate all lesson materials for all ages, Lord has given us, that when the devil bility of being a special witness, as was and thereby build a solid foundation shall have power over his own dominPresident McKay, and as we have of faith, that they become an anchor to ion, as he said he would in our day, we come one by one into the Council of the many who are floundering and in lean upon the promise of our Heavenly the Twelve, we have been enjoined to danger of moral shipwreck. Father that in this day he would reign remember that our greatest responsiNone of us will ever forget the touchin the midst of his saints. (See D&C bility is to bear a true witness of the

stone of his soul, which was the secret 1:3536.) divine mission of our Lord and Savior

of his nobility, when he declared, To you, his beloved family: You bear Jesus Christ. And so with all the fervor

"What you think of Christ will deterone of the greatest family names that of my soul, I join with my fellow memmine in large measure what you are. has ever been among all the children bers of the apostleship. We know, as

That man is greatest who is most of men on this earth. Teach your President McKay knew, that Jesus

Christlike."children and your children's children lives, that he is the Redeemer of the

As a special witness of our Lord and to the last generation to honor that world, and that comfort will come to

Master, he lighted the lamps of faith name and never defile it, that the you as a family and to you sorrowing of many by the intensity of the fire name of the McKay family might be friends, associates in the Church and within his own soul. His was the sure perpetuated through all time. out of the Church, to the extent that

word of prophecy that Jesus Christ was And to the Church: Cherish his you too can receive that divine witness

indeed our Savior and our Redeemer memory, you Church members, by livthat Jesus is the Savior of the world, and literal Son of God our Heavenly ing in your youth, in your marriage, in and that this life is but a schooling to

Father. your homes, as nearly to the perfection prepare us for the life beyond this. To

There could be no doubt but that that he has demonstrated. He has that I bear humble testimony and behis calling and election are made sure, been called home. New leadership will speak to you, our beloved Sister McKay,

and that he is a worthy recipient of carry on, not to take his place—no one to all of you sons and daughters, grandthe highest privileges accorded to those can take his place—but merely to fill children, you sonsin-law, you daughwho have lived the laws of the celesthe vacancy caused by his passing. If tersin-law, and all who have the blood

tial kingdom while on this earth. If I we look to the leadership that God of the McKay family in your veins,

were an artist and had been retained will place and will follow thereafter as God grant you peace, and may you to paint a picture of a prophet of God, we have followed President McKay, all go from here with hearts uplifted,

I could choose no more worthy reprewill be right with the world; and in strengthened with a new resolution to

sentative to stand for a picture of that the words of some, "stick with the old carry on as you know he would want prophet, past or present, than our own ship,"the kingdom of God, and trust in you to carry on.

beloved President David O. McKay. Almighty God, and he will bring us He won't be far away from you,

Someone remarked, with reference to safely through. Sister McKay. He will be waiting. I

his passing, "The world was left poorer There are evidences today of oppresthink he can't be long without you over and heaven richer when he passed sion to the Church and kingdom of there. He probably knows that you

away."I would say it differently: "He God, but like the apostle Paul we say, won't want to be long without him. He

left the world richer and heaven more "For we preach not ourselves, but will be waiting. Have no fear. Be of

glorious by the rich treasures he has Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves good peace, and that time will come

brought to each."From one of his your servants for Jesus'sake.... and that glorious reunion where time

"heart petals,"as he called them, on "We are troubled on every side, yet is no more, where there will be no his ninetieth birthday, when the Gennot distressed; we are perplexed, but tears, no sorrow. All these former

eral Authorities and the family gathnot in despair. things are done away in Christ. To

ered, he gave us this little verse, "Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast that I bear my witness to all who are

addressed in the closing words to one down, but not destroyed."(2 Cor. 5; present and to all who are listening,

who is dear and precious to him: 8-9.) far and near, and may we cling to that

Along with Job in the midst of his iron rod lest we in an evil moment fall "Family cares came heavy but not a suffering, we declare, "For I know that prey to the wiles of the evil one and complaint; my Redeemer liveth, and that he shall miss the golden opportunities that are

Fortyfour children now crown her as stand at the latter day upon the earth: ours if we remain true to the faith, for

saint; And though after my skin worms dewhich I pray humbly in the name of

Companion, counselor, adviser alway, stroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

Era, February 1970 95 End ofan Era

I give my closing remarks In the mission field

Life the choir ivill sing people often ask us, while

Among 'Let the Mountains Shout for we're tracting, if we the Joy.'"He paused, puzzled, are insurance salesmen.

Mormons as several persons in One of my companions, the congregation began to laugh; exasperated at being so

The stake president, then a slow smile started frequently questioned, hi conducting stake conference, on his face, and soon the finally said, "Yes, announced that he loould whole congregation ivas we're with Eternal Life!"

be the concluding speaker. convulsed with laughter. -Elder Elvin Frank Jones,

"Then,"he continued, "after—Kathy Peelerson, Provo, Utah Texas Mission

'End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

The best way I know of Each one of us is the architect "Doctor, I'm suffering from to win an argument is to start by of his own fate, and he is a pain in my right leg."

being in the right. unfortunate indeed who will try "There's no cure, alas. It's

—Lord Hailsham to build himself without the because of old age,"the doctor

inspiration of God, without replied. "You must be

Openmindedempty-headed—ifor depends realizingwithin, notthatfromhewithout.grows from mistaken,is as old asdoctor.the right,The left, leg

on ivhether you're—President David 0. McKay and it doesn't hurt at /all!"

defining yourself or someone else. Fireworks at Dawn

By Maureen Cannon Nagging wife: Wake up!

You're talking in your sleep! Our father, barricaded

Husband: My goodness, do you Behind the headlines, is

begrudge me those few words? Each morning whoUy shaded

From view except for his He that falls in love with himself Two hands which grasp the pages,—Benjaminwill have noFranklinrivals. Whiteknuckled, while he rages. It hardly seems the time for me to mutter

A reckless driver is one who "I wonder, darling, woidd you pass the butter?"

passes you in spite of all On days when Ships of State are plainly rudderless, your car can do. I'd better reach my own. Or else go butterless.

96 Era, February 1970,.,

j Y I mg3>

"u*./SPSS*

-.-.--i;- i

cWIio saidBYU

-"'--.*- 5V Wasjustjor

college kids?

I

I/;'i

Come summer, youth 12 through 20 BYU YOUTH ACADEMY COLLEGE PREPARATION from all over the nation make the June(Personal1526,DevelopmentJune 29 -forJulyGirls)10, June 22JulyWORKSHOP10, July 27August 14 summer scene at BYU. In fact they July 1324, July 2531 ARCHAEOLOGY CAMP

make the place hop! Hop with art, THEATRE WORKSHOP June 29July 17

music, debate, publications, speed (Drama) COMPUTER WORKSHOP

June 15July 17 July 6-10 reading, broadcasting, and theatriBOYS FOR ADVENTURE SPORTS FORENSICS HIGH SCHOOL cal fun, with boys'sports and sur10 -July June 29 June 1526, WORKSHOP vival aventures, with girls'personal (Debate and Speech) BYU YOUTH ACADEMY—July 2031 development programs. THINDERELLA

(Personal Development for Overweight Girls) SUMMER MUSIC CAMP

It's all part of BYU's 1970 Summer June 15July 24 July 27August 8

Youth Programs. Programs geared ART WORKSHOP BROADCASTING(Radio / TV)INSTITUTE

to fire kids up... to develop their June 1526 August 3-7

aesthetic and leadership skills... SURVIVAL ADVENTURE HIGH SCHOOL PUBLICATIONS

to strengthen their spiritual base.. FOR BOYS WORKSHOP

June 1827, June 27 - July 6, (Journalism) to move them now into new areas July 23 - August 1, August 1 -1 August 1014 of personal achievement—in an

unexcelled LDS environment. Write:

Take your pick of these thirteen SPECIAL COURSES AND CONFERENCES 242-E HRCB neverto-beforgotten summer Brigham Young University youth programs at BYU: Provo, Utah 84601

How to send funds SAFELY AND AT NO COST to missionaries now in the field

It has always been the policy of First Security Bank to provide free service to families sending funds to missionaries in the field.

Whether your missionary is in the United States or in a foreign country, we will be pleased at any First Security Bank, without charge, to provide you with a cashier's check or bank draft, which is the best way of sending funds to him or her.

First Security Bank Member First Security Corporation System of Banks

RESOURCES OVER ONE BILLION DOLLARS

First Security Bank of Utah, National Association.

First Security Bank of Idaho, National Association.

First Security State Bank.

First Security Bank of Rock Springs, Wyoming.

Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation