/MmprouemenfEra

Si

JULY, 1943 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT i; T A

IHoJtlfuj the platU $&i TOMORROWS GAS APPLIANCES

War has drawn the curtain on appliance tees devote lunch hours to discussion.

manufacturing. Only Peace can raise it. Models are undergoing rigid tests. *

Until then, new models must remain, Thus the stage is being set for star perheat-like new homes, "Blueprints of Tomorformance—by gas ranges, water

row."* Today the gas industry is deers, furnaces and refrigerators as new

voting its resources to war production as the postwar world, as modern and practical as your future home! Meanand wartime service. But lights burn while, buy more War Bonds and Stamps.late in drafting room and laboratory.

Designers and engineers find time to MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY confer on new ideas. Planning commitOffices in Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo

SERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES IN WAR AND PEACE

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

jDedbugstyphus,andcan lice,be destroyedthose carriersby a newof powder when dusted into clothing. The

powder retains its power even after the clothing has been washed.

4,, A lmostin buildingten millionthe hullrivetsof thewereQueenused Children Love the Distinctive Flavor of Honey Bee Grahams, Mary. If these rivets were placed end

to end they would extend three hundred For Between -Meal Snacks!

miles. P\URING THESE strenuous vacation months it's a good idea

to keep a plentiful supply of Honey Bee Grahams on hand—

in of the children worldThe ready instant in an a delicious to provide wholesome, betweenfor in X in 1942arrival the 589 United women for the children. snack meal easy bother. to fix without fuss or So

States, than hospitals, of a score in more was possible without labor pangs or the Serve with cold milk or milk shakes for extra nourishment.

usual suffering, with the aid of a new method developed by Drs. R. A. Hing-

- son and W. B. Edwards. According to Dr. Thomas Parran, Surgeon General m of the United States, "In the hands of GRAHAMSfcyPURITY

experts, this new method makes childbearing dramatically painless, and safer OvenFreshness Sealed In Frosted Wax for mother and child."The method

consists of using metycaine to continuously block the nerves concerned in mmm childbirth by injecting a few teaspoonmmm fuls of the anesthetic in the caudal region, at the very base of the spine.

Tf seeds are planted large soil with in a salts, of soluble amounts as Enormous Tax on Agriculture such there is in much of western U.S., the

soil is "thirstier"than the plant; hence, the seeds cannot take water from the caused by

soil and fail to grow. Seeds which

normally germinate in six days have been delayed as long as twentyone days in soil containing an excessive Noxious Weeds and amount of soluble salts.

'"Phe locations of well over twothirds Soil Insects the of in 622 places named the Bible Morning glory—hoary cress—knapweed the in of west Palestine River Jordan

have been identified. and other deeprooted perennials.

Nematode—wireworm—symphylids

that alterhas found ThompsonC P. sow bugs—mealy bugs and others. * fields, electric nating under some

conditions, actually stimulate the optic All these and many more ills can be nerve in that such a way a person would controlled by light. believe seen he had

"onmagnetic miniature radial ball

A bearings three thirtyseconds of an inch in diameter are now made from a CARBON bismuthcopper alloy. They are used in

instruments whose magnetism or resistance to corrosion may be important. BISULPHIDE

4 for our Send free circular 212P learn and from hayfever have a new C ufferers about more Noxious Insect and Soil Weed relief large hope of use if they ControL amounts of vitamin C (ascorbic acid) from results obtained by Harry N.

Holmes and Wyvona Alexander at WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAyFFER/636 California St., San Francisco

Oberlin College. The amounts used

It is milligrams daily. were 250 to 500 Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches (Concluded on page 388)

JULY, 194,3 385

7lmprooemenfEra 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

Heber J. Grant,JULY, 1943 John A. Widtsoe,

Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Marba C. Josephson,

William Mulder, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editors

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris. General Mgr.

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE. WARD Lucy G. Cannon. Associate Mgr.

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

(poqsLJJul dii&iL "Conspiring Men"Heber J. Grant 395

Peace—The Concern of the Church Albert E. Bowen 396... * <?Jtudy and learn,

Hearing the Voice Harold B. Lee 397

President Edward J. Wood C Frank Steele 409 and become acquainted with Evidences and Reconciliations: LXVIII—Why Do We Par* all good books, and with

take of the Sacrament? John A. Widtsoe 417

Conference Address Joseph L. Wirthlin 438 languages, tongues, and

Genealogy 406 Work of the Seventy 426 people....

Grandpa Gayler, Pioneer, Jack Aaronic 427

Northman Anderson 408 Ward Teaching 428 And as all have not faith,

The Church Moves On 414 Music: Hymns of the Month,

Priesthood: Melchizedek 424 J. Spencer Cornwall and Alexseek ye diligently and teach

NoLiquor-Tobacco 425 ander Schreiner 429 one another words of wis

SfiGJcioL JmIjUMJu dotn; yea, seek ye out of the

Pioneer Diary of Eliza R Snow—Part V 398 best books words of wisThe Gardener and the Currant Bush Hugh B. Brown 399 dom; seek learning, even by Brigham Young in Mendon, New York Preston Nibley 400

study and also by faith. Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California—Part

X Paul Bailey 402 D.SC90:15; 88:118

Sir Walter Scott, Genealogist...Archibald F. Bennett 406

The Two Unidentified Men A. L. Curtis 410

Missionary for the Church John K. Orton 412

Exploring the Universe, FrankEloquent Chairs from Zion CanEXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

OFFICES; Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. Wordlin S.Portrait,Harris, GoffJr Dowding....386 385 noldyon Country, Frank R. Ar405 50 North Main

The Arch and the Wheel in AnHoming: Never a Cross Word, Copyright 1943 by Mutual Funds. Inc., a CorImprove'Mutual Men's Young of the cient 418 poration America, Charles E. DibHelen Maring

Christ Jesus Association Church of of the ment ble Hints 418 387 Handy Subreserved. rights Saints. Latterday All of

Telefact 388 Cooks'Corner, Josephine B. scription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

Home Night at the Braun's 390 Nichols 4 1 single copy.

For Gardeners, Robert H. On the Book Rack 421 Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City.

for Acceptance matter. secondclass as Utah, from Daines the Camps 423 391 News

provided rate of special postage at mailing Index to Advertisers 439 Religious Attitude of Noted The 1917. in October. of for 1103, section Act

Men, Leon M. Strong 394 Your Page and Ours 448 authorized July 2, 1918.

confor manuscripts, but unsolicited welcomesfiditoucdsu The Improvement Era is not responsible tributions. accompanied be must All manuscripts

Sylvester Q, Cannon John A, Widtsoe 416 by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Sobering from the First Draughts of New Knowledge

Richard L. Evans 416 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

The Myth of "Honor Among Thieves"Richard L. Evans 416 REPRESENTATIVES

Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

Prudence Deone Robinson 404 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

Grandpa Gayler, Pioneer Jack N. Anderson 408 New York: Dougan and Bodle

Frontispiece: Pioneer Burial, Poetry Page 411

1847. Lisbeth Wallis 393 Unmitigated, Lorin F. Buder 431 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

My Wish, Mabel Jones GabScriptural Crossword Puzzle,..442 CIRCULATIONS

bott 399 JhsL fov&Ji* A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

The cover by Harriet Ellen Taggart symbolizes the hope of free men the world over for the democracy which assures security of home and loved ones. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

386 TH IMPROVEMENT ERA "X3>f JhsL '19 and theWHEELARCH

IT By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

HPhe sum total of our knowledge of WAIT I

American Indian cultures is increased with each new archaeological discovery. Some "finds"strengthen ex- m

isting theories and interpretations, whereas others call for a redefining of the problem at hand and give scholars a new avenue of research..

It is generally agreed that, with the exception of the igloo of the Eskimo, the "true arch"was not an architectural /"T> HE most important item in car care is lubricafeature in the New World. Mayan engineers roofed their ceremonial buildlubrication. Don't neglect it, even tion—proper ings with the corbeled arch. The corbeled arch was formed by placing a though you're using your car less.

stone to project beyond the one below it. The two series of consecutively Here's a safe rule to follow: Let your Pep 88Vico

protruding stones approached each other in the manner of a capital A. service man give your car a complete Specialised

It has also been a popular conviction among archaeologists that the Lubrication job and crankcase oil change every six

American Indian had no knowledge of to eight weeks regardless of mileage. This will assure the wheel. Smithsonian Institution

workers have discovered clay objects fresh, uncontaminated lubricants in every vital part in Southern Mexico which suggest that the early inhabitants were not entirely of your car at all times.

ignorant of the use of the wheel. A

small clay dog and a laughing jaguar were found with clay tubes piercing the feet. Associated with the animals,

eight small clay disks discovered. were Walk, to Church

that It is possible the Indians inserted car, gasoline and tires Conserve your wooden axles in the tubes and used the pottery disks for wheels. This recent for essential wartime transportation

discovery suggests that the use of the wheel may not have been entirely unknown to American Indians.

KEEP YOUR CAR

IN FIGHTING TRIM ***w7n***

Utah Oil Refining Company Stations and Dealers In Its Products

AMERICA'S FINEST O V ERA L L SINCE 1850 LEVI'S there's a reasonNo others Wear like LEVI'S!

LEVI STRAUSS. A NEW PAIR FREE

IF THEY RIP According to Ignacio Marquina scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

THE CORBELED ARCH OF THE MAYAS. UNLIKE THE TRUE ARCH, IT HAS NO KEYSTONE.

JULY, 1943 387

*- -Ar TEtEFACT VICTORY GARDENS We are Planning NOW for the School 3 MILLION GARDENS Year 194344 Faculty members are preparing and re- A vising courses in harmony with Brigham

Young University's traditional policy of 5.5 MILLION GARDENS

training for CHARACTER, as well as for military and professional efficiency. 1943

VICTORY Libraries, laboratories, and physical faGARDENS cilities are better than ever before.

Pictograph Corporation.

The breadth of the offering is indicated by the fact that the University organization includes thirtyeight regular departfunctioningments under the following EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE colleges and divisions:

COLLEGE OF APPLIED SCIENCE believed( Concludedthat the vitamin[com pageC 385reacts with denite,making asafetyjellylikeglass.material once used in

COLLEGE OF ARTS AND the disturbing, extra, irritating amounts 4

SCIENCES of histamine in the blood to relieve the A IR over desert mountains may be as itself. The totalCOLLEGE OF COMMERCE sneezingh* and wheezing. *r dry as the desert

COLLEGE OF EDUCATION /wls, the night heron, and the blue moistureChile, wouldin thegiveaironlyaboveenoughMontezuma,rain for

COLLEGE OF FINE ARTS crane, according to some naturalless than onehundredth of an inch. The

GRADUATE SCHOOL ists, have been seen at night with their amount over Washington, D.C., during

DIVISION OF RELIGIOUS feathers shining, to give a luminous summer may amount to about an inch of

EDUCATION glow. C.rain,G.accordingAbbott. to recent work by Dr.

EXTENSION DIVISION rTrHE weather in the eastern MediterThe work of these departments is supranean sometimes produces a rapid Tnsects form part of the diet of native air uplift theplemented, at to the additional of moist promotes cost which no in races places. Africa, In many

instudent, course a lyceum which by hail large dangerof of formation and termites, pineapplelike have a whichcludes world's of the year each many size. years, In recent sheep and ous taste, are eaten. in are served Ants personalities.most famous cattle the brained even have been by different: they be many made ways may

Second Summer Term Begins large hailstones which fall occasionally into a paste and spread like jam on in India the green July 26 incropsPalestinianhave beenstorms,cut to piecesand inbyEgypthailbreadweaverandantsbutter;are used as a spice Autumn Quarter Begins October 1 stones over an inch in diameter. In the curry; the same ants in Australiawith

For additional information address the Bible, one of the Egyptian plagues may be drunk when mashed in water 9:1834) and was hail (Exodus flavor. the to give squash In a lemon Asia

than The President Amorites had more killed by hail in fried butbees be plucked and may by the Israelites (Joshua 10:11 ). ter.

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah HPhe oldest parliament in the world is A taximeter has been patented which that of Iceland, which has been in **'automatically begins to register the ft ft continuous existence for 1013 years. fare when the passenger sits down.

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIII Tf the three million books in the New of type carborlamp made of TV new * is has patented been which undumIKE USE For OVER FIRY YEARS on Yorkmicrofilm,PublictheLibrarylibrarywerewouldrecordedtake

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple only as much space as its card catalogue supposed to use less current and be a better lamp. Crystals carborof made millistrip occupies. throat, sixteensore and other minor mouth now A

familiar abrasive, undum, produce as an feet long, meters one hundred wide and irritations.and throat

light a current runs when through them vest pocket, small in a put to be enough can record one thousand sixteen pages, without being in a vacuum or requiringHall's Canker Remedy the amount in five ordinary books. special transformers or equipment.

536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah 4

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiimiiiiimiiiimiiiimiiiiimiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiHiimiiiiiimiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiii HpHE surface of the earth on land is Tt is thought that after young salmon subject to tides just as the water is fish go downstream to the sea they in the oceans. The amount of this tidal go down to depths of between threeCniou the eJLona 3&mmmer vemn f6 movement at Austin, Texas, is two to to five thousand feet below the water's

By Reading three inches, as measured by Professor surface. Though there is no light, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A.4 E. Lockenvitz. therehence isnoplentyplant growthof animalat theselife anddepths,the

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City A waterproof fabric not affected by salmon feed on prawns and shrimps un-;: $2.00 a year heat or ordinary chemicals can be til time for spawning takes them back

"made by coating textiles with Hayup the rivers.

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bucket Brigade s Fire Hose

CHE OLDSTYLE WAY of distribution was like a bucket brigade... food items moved through many hands on

their way from the producer to the consumer.

THE MODERN METHOD of food distribution pioneered by Safeway works to eliminate waste motion, needless handling charges and inbetween costs. The greater efficiency of this method is today of vital importance to

farmers, city folk... and to a Nation at war.

in Ta.ake the saving in This represents a saving

manpower for instance: manpowerthe less efficientof 2,400method!men over

Under the oldfashioned food It frees these men to help handling system it took 4,000 build ships and planes, and people to get produce from to work on farms.

the farms to the retail stores Such manpower saving has of one great city. helped to reduce marketing Twenty - seven years ago

Safeway's modern plan of Safeway people began to imfood distribution eliminates prove methods of getting unnecessary middlemen and foods from producer to consumer.

Today, this more efficient food distribution system is a national asset. In war or

peace, everybody benefits by the straightest possible road between farmer and concosts and increase the farmsumer.

er's share of the consumer's You are a consumer as well crosshauling, extra trucking dollar. This helps lower the as a producer. We invite you

and labor. So to do the same cost of food so that everyto trade with your Safeway

sort of job takes only 1,600 body, especially the many for one full month... and

men. (Comparison based on low income consumers, can compare what you save.

report of U.S. Bureau ofAgribuy more. Thus the farmer's

cultural Economics.) market is made larger. SAFEWAY

JULY, 1943 389 at tfoL fthawik. HOME NIGHT

As told by uThe Family"

Home880 NightSouth atNortonthe BraunAvenue,House,Los terialample forsourceour fromWednesdaywhich toeveningdraw getma-

Angeles, has come about partly togethers. Our program ranges from

as a result of tire and gas rationing and musical treats, dramatic interludes, and..novie queues, and partly from a feeling folkdancing to exciting and deep

of a need for an oldfashioned family theological discussions. In fact, we

gettogether in the evening. have capable leaders in almost any acOur house is probably best described tivity which could lend entertainment

as a homeaway-fromhome, and has and interest to our Home Nights.

become the landing place for many young people who have converged on Tach Home Night is directed by a the "Southland"from the western boy and a girl, previously apstates, and occasionally from spots as pointed, who preside for the evening.

far removed as Virginia and West Vir We start out by singing a favorite

—Photo by j. M. Heslop

ginia. usually, to try come, have They AT HOME AWAY FROM HOME

first test flights their.heir wings on Latterday young These Saints

Angeles over to Los the country from all work is run This from by to home. home away who have come

in essential industries are boarders more Sister of the Brother G. A. and Braun roof under the congenial of and "Pop"living "Mom"than

are family."weekly affectionately "the "Home A Wilshire Ward, who are Braun—they

is their to of problems answer which the many "Pop"and called "Mom"beset people young from by their mightNight"home in away teeming family of about twenty young times. these

men and women. It might be looked

FinerFlavored upon as the typical big Mormon family. hymn. Then we kneel in a circle and

In our family are workers in almost have family prayer.

every activity of the Church. At the From then on the program varies. MORNING last ward conference Priesthood meetOne evening we thoroughly enjoyed

ing, the Priesthood of the family were listening to some of the records, "The the Fulness of prepared Times,"by in lined thirteen a row. up We MILK seen a denight Church. Another we had parents to love have our know would

we are active in the Church and enjoylightful time recording a complete ing abundant health under the expert dramatic program, which included skits a "spontalks from and even

Still advertisers."an- "our In the Gospel hand of "Mom"and "Pop"Braun. manysor"and

In the workaday world, we represent other evening a program on literature,

Aircraft into handled, cleverly gave us an insight Met... Lockheed,companies, Vega,Shell andOil DouglasCompany, Bank figures, historical of great the lives

by Dr. John A. Widtsoe of America, F.B.I., Civil Service, Compoets, and authors. Always there is a

An Inspiring True Story mercial Selling, Los Angeles Ship & great deal of discussion on religious

Drydock Company. We have among problems, and at these discussions we

Handsomely bound and us a Doctor of Psychology, a Master of feel free to ask any questions which

Illustrated—$1.25 Science, college graduates, chemical remight bother us as individuals, especialfourteen fact that ly of the student—about in view we have a

seven eligible young An Improvement Era publication bachelorssearchers, anda missionaries of returned number good 50 North Main Street women. in our midst, capable of giving us comSalt Lake City, Utah Hobbies and talents of the represenpetent information.

tative group are so varied that we have {Concluded on page 429) 390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA crops. the in ear about the tip of Don't depositing the vegetable able for3&l ahd&m/ibu in the garden which should be availworm can be considerably reduced by

of minwhite teaspoonful onefourth these saboteurs provide with a haven

By Robert H. Dairies in your garden. eral oil which carries either 0.2%

Associate Plant Pathologist pyrethrum or 2% dichloroethyl ether.

New Jersey Agricultural Experiment For best results this material should be

Station deposited in the tip of the ear from seven to ten days after silk exposure.

too application the is made the chief of July the Where problems Pouring will be of kernels early the formation vegetable gardener are usually concerned with the utilization of the prointerfered with, and where the applicaefficiency is the too much, delayedduce, the keeping insects, of weeds, and tion is treatreduced. of the treatment Thisdiseases in check, coping and with

oil can, with best be an can ment made shortage.water question of plantThe

applying to avoid care being exerciseding certain fall crops for table use and usually overdoses. can These materialsstorage should also receive attention.

be purchased ready for use.

Tomatoes Staked under the corn is being grown WhereUtilization of Produce It is conditions, dichloroeusually advised that all side cool atmospheric

This is the season of the year when shoots or suckers that develop up to the thyl ether should not be used since unmany gardeners are having snap beans fourth flower cluster, be removed from der such conditions it may affect th twice a day, seven days a week bestaked tomatoes. Side shoots that deflavor of the corn.

cause of an overplanting of beans. velop by or above the fourth flower

Where possible, surpluses should be cluster should not be pruned. Plant for Fall Use and

preserved for winter use. The time Winter Storage

gluts are suchwhen occurring in the Control Ear Corn Worm scallions radishes, sections, In many garden is usuallyhome the best time of this of the year season During sets, many greens and such onion and fromthe to this year buy for produce caninfestations their at insect peak. are chard, spinach, as Swiss salad cropsning purposes. of information methods on lettuce, Where conkale, endive, mustard, and

trolling injurious insects is needed, conbroccoli plants can be planted now

Keep Weeds in Check sult your county agricultural agent for (July and in some cases August) for

Weeds not only rob cultivated crop the best control measures for your fall use. Where the growing season

plants of needed water, but they also vicinity. does not end before early October, bush

use plant nutrients, sunlight, and room The damage caused by the corn ear (Concluded on page 392)

Women must work so that we all may win... and have

the boys coming home all the sooner. Not long after that,

will reviving the great American sport of taking a trip be No Workdays Off you may wager, plenty of reunited American families car. in the

What car?

last the duplicated prewar could models be Not even will (till that AfterWar instantly, the industry of auto outdo and those—all

which will take time. You'll find it hard to wait. But how

Car Trip) easilyopportunityyou cantogiveoutliveyourthepresentAxis. muchneeded car a great

First... now... shield your engine from acid. This unavoidable product of combustion was formerly rather

safely expelled in regular driving, at normal speed and heat. But your semioccasional, slow, short drives nowadays barely heat the engine. Chemists know that this invites strongest acid attacks, yet engines oilplated by

Conoco NM motor oil have proved able to resist remarkably, and you can see why.

In patented Conoco N motor oil, a synthetic of apparently "magnetlike"energy joins lubricant closely to inner engine surfaces, as if to stay—like any familiar

plating. In not all draining down to the crankcase,

even at a standstill, the oilplating "walls off"the inner surfaces from the hungry acid. And so you'll have

a good car that much longer... by oilplating... with

Conoco Ni... at Your Mileage Merchant's Conoco station. Continental Oil Company

CONOGO MOTOR OIL

JULY, 1943 391

growing season, and the gardener will "Fencing Out"Insects

For Gardeners be supplied with an additional amount Where one would like to avoid the {Concluded from page 391 of produce for fall and winter use. use of a poison bait, paper collars can

Where late plantings are planned it be placed around such plants as tomabeans, table beets, carrots, cabbage would be wise to consult county agritoes, cabbage, peppers, eggplants, etc.,

plants, cauliflower plants, turnips, or cultural agents for such information as at transplanting time. These collars exrutabagas can probably be planted in varieties best adapted to your location tend an inch or so under the ground and

early July and harvested for table use, and latest planting dates advisable. about two inches above the ground.

canning, or storing. By taking advanWhere home storage is contemplated, They provide the plant with a fence

tage of these late plantings the garden varieties that keep well in storage that effectively protects it against cut space can be utilized throughout the should be used. worms.

Diesel Lubricant FREE BOOK SHOWS SAFE WAY

Ends Stuck Rings Nowadays you just can't spare the TO PACK WHEEL BEARINGS time to tear down a balky Diesel It's not only easier to do the job right, nowadays it's essential. With

and clean stuck rings, or put in heavier loads and overtime use, wheel bearings need extra careful attennewliners. It's tion. That's why Standard is offering to those folks who can't get cars,

a lot simpler trucks and tractors to Standard Service Men, a copy of "How to Service sticking to cmos Rings with lubricateRPM and Lubricate Wheel Bearings."Byfullyfollowingillustratedthisbooklet,clearlyandwritten,using

the DELO, Bearing Standard Wheel RPM STICKSHOT SPOTSTOlubri- Diesel side, safe you'll stay Grease on the Hall will that cant ruinagainst insurance extra |fI Barrel MakeS have not gum or CUAN5 ENGINE stick rings, Handy Post Dipper

WONT CORRODE gives better Digging and planting fence posts

BEARINGS protection is one backbreaking job you can against off for simply by wear, put years—corrode stretching the life of your fence REDUCES SLUDGE won't minbearings, posts Standard with PreWood deposits. imizes and servative. dipping the handy With

is the used by sludgeDELO RPM it here, doesn't take vat shown it's its subs. in Navy know You of you're assured time and much

"pig to good, to those keep got be lasts. really job that a

boat"engines clean and troublebases. cruises free far from long on

THf TOP OFF SAW Of A WIHfCASK Diesel equipment jobs your The OR ANY LIQUIDPROOf OTHER 3s doing are war jobs too. Don't WOODEN BARREL

LEVEL Grease Bearing Wheel reguRPM DELO risk needlessRPMbreakdowns, use BETHAKABOUTGROVNO temperatures at high servIJ melt OF UOUIDONELEWI,FOOTSHOULDOFHIGHERPOST won't actual larly. In

or into your ice it frequently and sneak brakes—cuts GROUND LEVEL OF POST

high bearings leave and dry! Under overhauls IN HALF.

all all in kinds conditions, DIPPING USED Bf CAN FORTREE PROPS, it feeds smoothly weather, to ALLof

POLES.ETC HOP ORSTAKES, BEAN

it sticks surfaces. to bearing And Rust Eater Speeds CRAPE

.its job, provides a stubborn skin

Implement Repair In actual service tests, posts thatof tough,won't leavewearresistingbare spots.grease

bolts and save broken To stripped treated cars with Standard Prebear- Passenger need wheel Wood replacement threads, or to avoid servative condition every were 5,000 miles. service about ing in good

together: rusted of parts use a after of sixteen exposure. years can of Keep a RPM Penetrating of Standard drops few severely Untreated posts Bearing were Grease atWheel

Oil to loosen the rust. tacked by rot and termites. Keep handy. Order today

farmers Nowadays, many Standyour ask salvagor fixing machines, up old Representative are hand—orderStandard Woodnow.Preservative on ardand repairs. Standard for parts ing of free copy for your

ticket is just the Oil Penetrating spray these. like for jobs Just or "HowLubricate to ServiceWheeland

equipment. rusty brush it on Bearings."

Free RationBook Holder to Awarded for mileage folder handy STANDARD A CALIFORNIA STANDARD OF tire gas and coupon Refinery books—pluspocket Richmond

It's tips. driving record OF and forms CALIFORNIA

FREE—ask your Standard Man.

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pioneer BwiLaL, mi—By LISBETH WALLIS

ay him down tenderly under the willows,

Dampen the warm brown earth with your tears;

Then turn your face again to the prairie, E

Harden your heart to the lonely years.

We must relinquish him to this wide darkness,

Push toward the goal again, smiling and brave;

The willows will guard him, silent and weeping,

No one will know that they shelter his grave.

Lay him down quietly under the willows,

Lay him down gently, gently, and then

Run away quickly, softly, on tiptoe—'

We cannot come back to the willows again.

Photograph by Harry Elmore Hurd JULY, 1943 JhsL RELIGIOUS* ATTITUDE OF yioisucL Tn&tL

By LEON M. STRONG

'T'he great patriots of early American history were almost invariably students of the Bible and religiously inclined. Patrick Henry in those stirring days, in making his memorable

speech, shouted: "Men may cry peace,

peace, but there is no peace."This he1

borrowed from the prophet Jeremiah.

When it came time to inscribe a motto on old Liberty Bell the patriots used an appropriate verse from perhaps the least read book in the Bible:

And ye shall... proclaim liberty

throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto

you. 2 And Abraham Lincoln, in using that trenchant metaphor "a house divided against itself cannot stand,"borrowed from his store of the New Testament.*

It is wholesome to note that even in the cruel pagan days of ancient Rome, some of the leaders were not unmindful of the existence of Deity. Said JusYou've had your share of worries lately... what tinian, Emperor of Rome:

nohurt should live honestly, should We his every render to should and with shortages and soaring prices, saving 'points'body, man thou, vain dust then, art and Who, and stretching pennies... it's a fulltime job just due.

called, art thou ashes! name By whatever

to keep your family clothed and fed. state,whethera parliamenta king, a orbishop,anythinga church,else thator

Then there's the weekly wash. More than likely soulobtrudestof manthineandinsignificancehis Maker, betweenmind thinethe

concerns.....* you're doing it yourself. And now—the last own

can't always get your favorite in preparing him for the tremendous straw—you Columbus acknowledges divine help

laundry soap! task he accomplished, according to one

writer, by stating it thus:

It's hard to be patient about these things. But—The Lord was well disposed to my desire, and He bestowed on me courage and

please believe that the makers of FelsNaptha understanding; knowledge of seafaring He

gave me in abundance, of astrology as of geometry and needed, and as was are doing everything they can to keep you much. 5.. likewise. astronomy

supplied. Working day and night

And again, in writing to King Ferdiat it. If your grocer doesn't have nand:

FelsNaptha Soap in stock today of I thecameHolyto yourTrinity,Majestyto spreadas the theEmissaryHoly he will have it soon. So Faith,these forlandsGodthroughspeaks clearlythe mouthenoughofaboutthe

please keep on asking. Prophet Isaiah,8 where it is said that His

shall be proclaimed abroad from name

Spain. 7

Jeremiah 6:14

2Leviticus 25:10

'Mark 3:25 *A Review of the Decision of the Supreme Court, p. 19 BJacob Wasserman, Columbus. Little, Brown and

Company, Boston, 1930, p. 19

FELSNAPTHA SOAP banishesTattleTale Gray"Isaiah7Jacob Wasserman,24:16 and 65:17op. cit., p. 46

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

TKUHIFK

"(fimApvrinjc TPIasl"By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

thinking seriously of the economic condition excommunicated from the Church. As I stood

INof the world, I am convinced, without doubt, at his grave, I looked up to heaven and pledged that a revelation in the book of Doctrine and the best that was in me to fight these evils, as I

Covenants, known as the Word of Wisdom, thought of that stalwart young man, physically given by the Lord, the Creator of heaven and strong, mentally strong, far superior to me earth, to the Prophet Joseph Smith over one physically, having died in middle age an addict hundred years ago, would solve the economic to these things. I have seen smokers with their

problems not only for our country but of every hands shaking whom I knew when they were other country, if it were obeyed by the people of strong, vigorous, healthy young men.

the world. Another of my boyhood associates filled an

This Word of Wisdom teaches the Latterday early grave because of first smoking and then

Saints to refrain from the use of tea, coffee, todrinking. He was my bosom friend in childbacco, and liquor, and part of it reads as follows: hood. Again, at his grave, I pledged the best

that was in me to fight these two evils.

sent greeting; or constraint, not be by commandment To

revelation forth No greater thing was ever given to any people but and the word of wisdom, showing by the order and will of God in the temporal salvation of for their physical benefit than the Word of Wisall saints in the last days—... dom, direct from God. I hear some men who

saith verily, the thus Behold, In Lord unto you: well, it say, the conbreak "Oh, Word of Wisdom

evils will exist of designs sequence and and which do is not a it is only persuasion, commandment; by last in in the the hearts of conspiring days, I have men

warned you, and forewarn you, by giving unto you this etc."It says it is "the order"and "the will"of

word of wisdom by revelation—... (D. 6 C. 89:2, 4.) the -Lord, and that is pretty near a commandment,

it? isn't else does it say? that It promises What

Speaking of the evil designs in the last days, those 1 of keep shall have who Wisdom the Word what could be more evil and designing than to hidden treasures of knowledge. Why spend

show in advertisement the picture of a beautiful our money to give people knowledge when, by woman with a man, and the man smoking cigthe use of tobacco and liquor, they have ruined arets, the cigaret smoke making an engagement their capacity to comprehend it?

ring for eternity. Another man lost his high standing in the

I And all saints who remember to keep and do these sayChurch who was a "hail fellow well met."

ings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall remember one of the great financial men of receive health in their navel and marrow to their bones;.. America saying to me when I met him—he was

shall run be weary, not and and and And shall walk this a of dear friend and man, he was my dear faint. not in friend; his slept beautiful that I have home I, the give Lord, unto that the them And a promise,

destroying angel shall pass by them, as the children of must have cost fully a hundred and fifty thouIsrael, and not slay them. Amen. (D. &. C. 89:18, 2021.) sand dollars—he said, "Well, Heber, I am not

astonished that so and so lost his standing."

I recall to mind a lifelong friend of mine, who "Why are you not astonished?"I said.

died in middle age, and who filled a good mission "Because when he was out with me in the in Germany. When he was first called on a mountains fishing, he did not live up to your

mission it was found that he was a smoker of teachings."

cigarets, and the officials would not let him go, No man respects a person who does not live but gave him time in which to reform himself, up to what he preaches. Talk about prestige.

and he did reform. He went to Germany on a It gives any man prestige, I don't care who he

mission. The day he got his release he said, is, to stand up and fight for what he thinks is

"Thank fortune, I can now have a cigaret,"right, and no man is respected who does not live and so he bought some tobacco and rolled a up to his ideals and principles. The "evil design"

cigaret to celebrate his release, and he came home implied in the Word of Wisdom as it was given a smoker. a century ago has become only too apparent,

Smoking led to drinking. While under the and we must resist it, individually, and as a

influence of liquor, he lost his virtue and was later people.

JULY, 1943 395 a

'Av-.t... JJul fonce/ut, ofc.

THE CHURCH

I picked up Recently in magazine a national By ALBERT E. BOWEN a contributor, which

after noting the muddled state of Of the Council o/ the Twelve thought about the needs of the near future of the world, asserts: Delivered at the Tuesday morning sesOur need, of course, if we are to have sion of the \\3th Annual Conference,

peace after the war, is a passion for humanApril 6, 1943, in the Tabernacle ity and for the interests of humanity as predominant over all lesser interests whatsoever.

Very naturally he proceeds from that their collective relationships. To be efpremise to this conclusion: fective it must incorporate itself into

is the organized body. That body It after should be obvious, what saw an we through is the Church. medium That in the are already and what last war we

seeing in this war, that peace can never which religion has implemented itself come out of war itself. If it comes at all, in any civilization. And may I add in

it must be in spite of the war and not bepassing that so far as I know, no civilcause of it, and from a source altogether ization has ever developed that did not its influence. I find remote from such no itself of the the religion rear peoupon

itself. in religion reexcept source For

ple. this ligion has I speak. passion of which

is, as of religion influence If then, the

That statement might not be so arpostulated, the only source of hope for resting if it stood alone. But it does not. a world of peace, and if religion is made

It is merely typical of assertions coming effective through the organized body to be of almost daily occurrence. called the Church, then it would seem ALBERT E. BOWEN

Scarcely do we pick up a reputable that there is indicated for the Church a magazine nowadays that we do not find place of transcendent importance in the in it somewhere declaration of the view shaping of the future of the nations. living democracy without them. Thethat in the precepts of religion are to be This would seem to demonstrate the essence of democracy—its spirit—is by

found the principles and in religion itself folly of saying that the Church has no itself an intangible ideal, inert and unis to be found the spirit upon the adopconcern with the civil institutions of the fruitful, even though it burn in the tion and practice and influence of which day. If it is not concerned with them, hearts of individual men. Put that flamalone the hope of the world for peace then it cannot carry into them the ining spirit, that throbbing, pulsating ideal

and order must depend. fluence which it is its business to foster. into a mechanical organization comprisThis poses for religion a tremendous Furthermore, the Church lives and oping a constitution which defines the

task, and the question at once arises erates within the domain of civil govlimitations on the powers of governhow this task is to be accomplished. It ernments and to a degree under their ment; write into it a bill of rights which

means that somehow religion must control. Its members are so controlled. protects the individual against invasion

come to have a dominating influence in People and institutions, too, are always of his guaranteed privileges by governshaping the policies and practices of influenced and modified and more or mental authority; let it provide for the

governments, for, of course, it is the civil less molded by the thought and feeling making of laws to which all agree to governments which control in the wagwhich dominate the society in which render obedience; give it an executive

ing of war and the fashioning of peace. they live, particularly the prescripauthority to carry those laws into efHow is religion to get in? tions of governments. We are caught fect; set up a tribunal to interpret the

There is another manifest implication up and held in the web of their praclaws and resolve disputes between man in the premise, namely, that religion has tices and habits. With such powerful and man and between citizen and govnot been performing its rightful office, agencies in the shaping of our lives and ernment, and it will carry a nation

or the conditions which call for its inaffecting its own destiny, the Church triumphant from a narrow fringe on the tervention would not obtain. Does it must be concerned. I am not unmindseashore across six thousand miles of

have the power to do what is suggested ful of the fact that manv people profess continent, plant towns and cities by the and, if so, why has that power not been the conviction that no Church is necesway, set up in them local governments exercised? sary; that religion is a thing of the snirit by consent, establish schools, rear in-

I shall have in mind the Christian reaffecting the inner life of the individual; dustries, subdue the earth and give to

ligion as I proceed to consider these and that it has nothing to do with the one hundred million people more of questions. affairs of the political society commoncreature comfort, more of individual

In the first place, if religion is to be ly spoken of as the state. selfrespect, more of the recognition of

a potent factor in shaping the condiThat objection is not so formidable human dignity, more independence of tions of peace, it must have a medium as it sounds. So is democracy a thing action and consequent selfreliance,

through which it expresses itself—of the spirit. It does not consist in more liberty of thought and freedom of

mechanism of implementation. Of itself frameworks such as constitutions and action than were ever before known to

it is a spiritual ideal. But as a passive presidents and legislatures and statutes any people during the period of recordideal, religion is of little value. It must and judicial bodies and enforcement ofed history.

carry its message; it must get itself acficers. You may have all these comAs the political framework is to the

cepted, for it comes to fruition only as pletely democratic in form and not have spirit which is democracy, so the its precepts come to dominate the lives a democracy at all. But no one would Church is to religion.

and actions of men individually and in argue from this that you could have a (Continued on page 437) 396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HEARING the Voice *i"T said to the man who stood at the morning at Delivered the Tuesday year, 'Give of the a light gate B. me LEE sesBy HAROLD Conference, sion 113th Annual of the J- I safely into the tread that may Twelve Council of the in 6, the Tabernacle April 1943, Of the into replied, outunknown,'he and 'Go

the darkness, and put your hand in the hand of God. That shall be to you

better than a "light, and safer than the way.'take heed, as unto a light that shineth inknown

Those words were quoted by the a dark place, until the day dawn, and the

King of England in an Empire Broadday star arise in your hearts:

first, of this that Knowing no prophecy Britain entered shortly aftercast Great interpretaprivate scripture the is of any conflict. I presumethe present world

tion. the thought that he intended to convey For the prophecy came not in old time to his subjects was that they should by the will of man: but holy men of God

humble themselves and in supplication spake as they were moved by the Holy and in faith approach their Heavenly Ghost. (II Peter 1:1921)

Father for divine guidance and His proThis thought agrees in substance with tection. And it was well that they be that declared by the prophet Amos,

so counseled, for our Heavenly Father when he said:

is concerned about all His children and will but the Surely Lord do nothing, God "... that believe that hedesires they the servants his his secret revealeth unto is, he

that of rewarder is a them heand that prophets. 3:7) (Amos

diligently seek him"(Hebrews 11:6).

in revealed secrets have been Those this in Saints the Latterday To the in generation day, our when perils the of day,troublous when to the Smith said: Prophet the Lordthis Joseph

it us, that is well are aboutearth round we take stock as to how we may apWherefore, I the Lord, knowing the inthe calamity should which upon come blessour beproach and what may Him earth, called habitants of the upon myings. the of Savior Himself spoke The unto Smith, servant and spake Jun., Joseph said guide wouldComforter, which He from heaven, and him gave commandhim

into all truth, would bring all things to ments... (D. 6 C. 1:17) HAROLD B. LEE

our remembrance, would show us as the Prophet Just was Joseph all teach tothings us come, and would in culties finding for the adjustments called, called been so Brigham havethings the our Lord whatsoever God millions into out been had thrown who presided every has and one Young who there anButhad commanded. was industries, for the returning war and in this of the Presidency Church, down thing that ofother been spoken has by millions of our the boys from armed President to Clark, President Grant, light scriptures, guidingthe another services. the of desperation, spoke He President octoday and McKay, who I call attention like the tothat to should frustration, futility the the of and many the as high the mouthpieces place cupy this at time. Saintsof Latterday the in toils of thus those the of that found in this directing people. of God this in principle enunciated SaviorThe said, period. readjustment then he And willing to as a people to seem be inthe beautiful parable which spoke He We will only vocational "The group which accept the ancient of prophecies many as the the sheepshepherd,of Himself suffer not are the immediately farmers;

literally fulfilled, as but having been thefold as kingdom, as His sheep and raise they can need."they what Then fulfilled in see prophecies our when we people. HisHis words: These were that suggested he for need prepare we to question are prone and day own we in store.. teaching what. farming was by his the voice: he sheep hear and and the to doubts. express Master some As as subject,calleth his a compulsory to of get sheep he and hold name, own bv "... is said, prophet not without hon- A out.leadeth them land, piece that a of those with provided..."his our, in country, but (Mark own his forth sheep, putteth he when own And skill farming to should able thereby be

6:4) might he have added, and "Save the before follow them, goethhe and sheep the the keep "wolf"door. from so And his in time."his voice. for 10:3,him: they own (John know on. he goes

4) I like to should to bring some you set thinking, That the because me

The Apostle Paul said: observations for just a few moments. voice of the Lord was declared back in

I in a reflective because Today am mood 1894, that year, of that in October by it are, be, kinds of There so many may this at celebrating conference are we sustained as the then man we whom... in thevoices world, the seventh anniversary of inaugurathe seer, this prophet, revelator and unto I if the of Therefore not meaning know tion the been styled has of what Church said: Church.the I shall that voice, speaketh him unto be He

train program. Welfare a on Coming shall that barbarian,a and speaketh be he far temporal as matters are concerned So fall, last the east from I read from an (Ia 14:10, Corinthians barbarian me. unto to to for must provide ourgo work we editorial in the Chicago whereTribuneID selves. will all day as come, The have we in editors an commenting upon were told, that shall been the see of necessity we distinguish in this day So may we that article written a been promhad by making clothour shoes our and own own are to voices that babble the ofamong in inent the educator ing, School Review, providing foodstuffs, our and and own

side, the voice of heardbe on every uniting together to carry the publication out the of of a purposes Department the true shepherd, that we be not found Education of the University of Chicago. of the Lord. We will be preserved in the

into the barbarians need of our be day Israel of in the of days God's that in educator's statement This

I Re mountainsjudgments. thereforefor direction guidance. Apostle say and unto you, The my doleful picture of a very view was what

sisters, brethren and for that prepare which said:Peter that declared he when way to the to us after present happen was is to come, (Wilford Woodruff—Weber finished. had spoke World He War Stake, sure of have also more October a word 8, 1894.) We

prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye of the loss of world markets, the diffi- (Continued on page 444)

JULY, 1943 397

ELIZA R.

SNOW

PartV TREE COTTONWOOD TO HAVE BEEN At Winter Quarters 1—1 846 SAID

PLANTED BY BR1GHAM About this time a circumstance ocTERYOUNGQUARTERS—NOWWHILE AT WINcur'd which I would forbear to mention, FLORENCE, NEBRASKA.

but having omitted some of a similar nature to which I have at times wish'd to refer, I will take notice of it.

Without attempting to describe the cause, one night, probably after many of the Camp had retired—tho'it could uttered must have made it quite public some 40 or 50 rods to a creek, leaving

late for in the eve.not have been Sis. thro'out the the camp. Camp. Margaret Revenge & Olive with & refeeble at the time very wasMfarkham] taliation call'd spirits seem'd the ruling to see [me] of Here B[righa]m

(which circumstance would have preeach, & the pow'rs of darkness seem'd for the second time since our arrival.

to untimelyvented exposure an ill little the holding jubilee a us. with health continued around very My

air) place conversationnight took a the 8th of About Sept. [arkimprovement. br. M wife Col.between M[arkham] & his his 20. ham] mov'd alarm Sunday, September & Warren's wagons An

of nature; the disgraceful and a- most thro'out the in congiven was Camp

tones inloud it was which & fervent that of a rumor sequence was MISSOURI RIVER CROSSING a mob first Pioneers of The the arrived the at Missouri river during there, to winter crossing the us the during molest Eliza R, was Snow 1While

River on June later week 14. President A Brigham 4,000'so1846-47, Latterdayof about Saints were night. the ordered Young building the of large ferry a boat, built atjourning Quarters. had about Winter They

planks the for which from came an Indian mill; saw 22. log sod, of others 85 houses, mov'd September600 were and Tuesday, made We twentyone were required it. men to launch Only in hillsides; in lived even wagons. somedugouts it river, counsel'd the been near having three wagons could taken across be at a time. The Sister "I never wrote: knew Helen Whitney Mar

process was so slow that preferred risk to many the in until at the to for Quarters. intimately arrivedEliza compact be Winter we Camp

of dangers fording. I peculiar and acquaintance under herThere made general for the order Col. L. Thomas describes the Kane scene: moresafety—which "The sick lying fever withtrying a circumstances. was She

flatbottomed plied, scow with crowded wagons, winterfor appointed being place ourin beatblazing the sun covered with a wagon, poorly cows, sheep children furniture and of and the emiit. in similaring were more upon a down Many quarters. in Heber's place DiviOur grants. less cattle than No were the on 30,000 after the shelter, untilcondition other no had and

way. They had to mile the swim and wide half a sion. the nights rains us had become were onheavy and

river, its fierce rushing, current gurgling eddyand trials, in frosty, with these the but of midstcold and this the of October. 22nd About ing. forced they into As were the water and about susSaints in faith thetrusting the Almighty, were

carried to be stream down swift the current, by a invited Sisfter] month, Mfarkham] manifesttained comforted. His power was made and

fearless youngster, climbing upon brave bull some leaving astonishment. Before perfect to times ourmany Sis. father wife, [John Heber & 6 W. in front the rank, urged forth boldly into him the to able Eliza go around and Quarters wasWinter

rest stream; the followed until they landed the on to Smith] Smith mother a sup on & affliction; sisters in comforted she toadminister her

I opposite shore. have in seen youths, stepping like in need. stoodthose dropped words Her who pie veal of splendid pot &c, made from of hack back to struggling the monsters, or the heavens, whenrefreshing manna, from dews

in swimming their hoofs, battling among display of S[mith] Father reminded when me to giving the reviving hope needed, likenew andmost

I feats great bravery; of yet never heard or an oath soul."hungryweary and I for him. old write to promise an was the of quarrel."language

not able to write, but thro'the blessing of God, in a few days after I wrote the following

To The Patriarch, Father John Smith

Great glory awaits thee, thou father in Israel

To reward all thy toils thy labors of love;

The angels that guard thee—that watch o'er

thy pathway Are proud to report thee in councils above.

[4 verses follow] Wednesday, October 28. A com-

[pany] of 15 start with teams for St.

Joseph after the goods which Bishop

W[hitney] & E[dwin] D. Woolley

brought up from St. Louis. Whiting being one to go we were under the necessity of going from the wagon that he

mightblustering—thetake it. Thehouseday wasinto verywhichcoldwe&

mov'd was partly chink'd & only mud- ( Continued on page 434 39& THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the $jctJtden&L <i-tfo CURRANT BUSH By HUGH B. BROWN

Coordinator of Latterday Saints in the Service

Your place would have been taken by and knelt beside his bed and wept. He

another, for you would have been barknew now that he could never hope to ren and I would have lost you from have what he had thought was so demy garden. You must not weep; all sirable. He cried to God and said, "Oh,

this will be for your good; and some how could you be so cruel to me? You

day, when you see more clearly, when who claim to be my friend. You who

you are richly laden with fruit, you will brought me here and nurtured and enthank me and say, 'Surely, he was a couraged me to grow. Could you not

wise and loving gardener. He knew see that I was almost equal to the other

the purpose of my being, and I thank men whom I have so long admired? But

I then thought was now I have been cut down. I am in him now"for what

the early dawn, a young gardener cruelty.'disgrace among my fellows. Oh, how

this could to do you me?"his shrubs. trees pruning and wasIn later, this years gardener TEN young humiliated was chagrined and He and currant choice bush had one He in foreign land, a of himhe bitterness was and drop a in his heart, was fast, gonewhich, though had growing

self his growing. was of proud he was He to seemed when hear an echo from therefeared totoo wood. much He position future. for ambitious and past. the the In familiar words, memory it little, if any, thatfore produce would His companions popular were honand whisperedfruit. ored men. To be with them gave him "I'm the gardener here."

Accordingly, he and pruned trimmed expectation desire. hope and and his caught currant He it fact, breath—thethe In cut back. bush and when unexpected an enday One vacancy bush! should that longfor- But why little left finished, therehe was had titled to promotion. him to goal The gotten incident to him in the come midst roots. stumpsbut and which aspired he had almost was now of of his hour tragedy? And memory

Tenderly he considered what was within his grasp, and he was proud of answered with words which he himself left. It looked so sad and deeply hurt. the rapid progress he was making. had spoken:

On every stump there was a tear where But for some reason unknown to him, "If I had allowed you to continue to the pruning knife had cut away the another was appointed in his stead, and grow as you had started, the purpose spring. early of poor bush hegrowth to take The another post relwas asked for which I brought into you garmy

tearfully, to him, to ativelyseemed, speak and unimportant the under which den have would defeated. been You

it say: he heard circumstanceshe thought his friends caused to all this must not weep; will be for... your

"Oh, how could you be so cruel to feel that he had failed. good, and some day, when you see

me, you who claim to be my friend, who The young man staggered to his room more clearly, you will thank me and planted me and cared for me when I say, 'Surely, he was a wise and loving was young, and nurtured and encourgardener. He knew the purpose of my

to see notaged grow? I Could you WISH me being, MY I and thank for him what now "I rapidlythat to responding your was then cruelty.'thought was Jones By Gabbott Mabel

I the halfcare? large as as nearly was There bitterness in was no the young

I to onetrees claim mine, fence, wish the as might across soon and heart man's as he Had humbly again spoke life that not refuse, knew And would like them. of But onehave become to said, "I and God know now. You I it fancy be, what would now cut the back; branches you'venow my the are / gardener, You the and currant I hesitate to choose. do Nor attractivegreen, are leaves gone, and bush. Help me, dear to endure God,

I in fellows."disgrace among am my friends, I'd lasting earn a few, Of pruning, the to as and grow would You

share hopes, dreams, and my at the To gardener looked The young and fears, have grow; to allotted me place take my

talk to or laugh With or muse, whom its plea with bushweeping heard and life in and to say, will more 'Thy "ever alone tears. to see one And my voicesympathetic understanding. His done.'be

was full of kindness as he said, "What I would not waste my wish on love, So was it spoken in that other garden

I have done to you was necessary that For love must claim me as its own; called Gethsemane. The Father knew

rather than to wish fulfill destiny. might your were Andyou You

I'd walk weary my shelter givenot intended to shade or wayit alone.here, thetheremissionand knew,of thetoo,OnethatwhoGethsemanesuffered

l>y purpose your branches. when lead to My Calvary. But divine with precious But wish: would this—this thing—I I planted should you you was that heart with all at peace, omniscience the world that Calvary also knew He bear A

fruit. When I want currants, a tree, That knows no fears or vain regrets, would lead to the Throne of God.

regardless of its size, cannot supply In which all envy finds surcease; The Gardener permitted the suffering

the need. A heart that beats with sympathy because He knew the end from the be-

"No, my little currant bush, if I had For all mankind and all its woes ginning. He heard the cry to "let it

allowed you to continue to grow as And one that smiles and often laughs pass,"a cry which is wrung from each you had started, all your strength would And cheers the world as on it goes. one sometime in life. All who will add

to to that the cry roots gonehave would your humble words: wood; "Thy I it, this wish, ah, one were Had

will, firm hold, not will realize mine,"gained not have a the and abund- I it true right: count would and the And

I life into ant forpurpose, the brought which which promised you by was at to peace guide days, my A heart my garden would have been defeated. And bless my sleep throughout the night. Master.

JULY, 1943 399 Brigham Young

Brigham had been in Mendon about one year when strange rumors began to float over the countryside. These

rumors were to the effect that at PalmyHOTEL OLD THE AT ra, miles eastward, twenty a young man

IT APAS MENDON found a Smith had Joseph named PEARS TODAY "Golden Bible"in a hill near Palmyra,

7TBOUT twenty miles southwest of

ZA Palmyra, New York, in the rolling

L * hills of Monroe County, is the little village of Mendon. It is a very quiet,

oldlooking town, the intersection of two roads forming the business district, in which may be found perhaps a half dozen timeravaged brick and frame buildings. The atmosphere of the place

is that of a village slumbering, waiting for final decay and ruin.

About a mile, or a mile and a half to the west of Mendon is a modernlook- ing, wellkept farm, owned by two brothers named Hutchinson. They will

tell you that part of their farm, on which one of the houses is built, was owned more than a century ago by a man named Brigham Young. Tradition BRIGHAM YOUNG'S FIRST HOME IN PORT BYhas it, they will tell you, that he was RON AFTER HIS MARRIAGE TO MIRIAM WORKS

the builder of the house which stands before you, and that "yonder"in the 1863 there was published in the Milsouthwest part of the field, by a small lennial Star, a brief, crisp, but accurate stream, he erected a waterwheel and autobiography of the man, titled "Hisand that he had translated the ancient a small brick carpenter shop, where he tory of Brigham Young."I have turned record and had published the same in

made chairs and tables and other arto this account for further information book form. The book was known as

ticles of furniture, to be sold to the regarding his life and activities at The Book of Mormon. A few weeks

farmerfolk about the countryside. The Mendon. after the rumors began to circulate, a

father of the Hutchinson brothers, Book of Mormon came into Brigham s brother hands. Smith, younger Samuel field in hiswhile plowing years some of twentyeight years "Drigham was the of Prophet, sent out by been hadago, site brick the turned a of up on vilthis quiet to age he came when circulate the to of Joseph MorBookthe shop, carpenter been on which had lage; the father of married and he was in the countryside Palmyra. about mon itcut, evidently before burned, the was little four. Elizabeth, daughter, a aged the a sold Victor, of he had At towninitials B.Y. brother talked The who lived at years of he a For had number to Phinehas copy Brigham Young, us forto that brick several saved had Canal. the Erie Byron, on Port Here It this brother. Young's book wasyears. for waited, he hunted While we If married he Miriam Works. you had first introduced to which Mormonismit in his unable, after woodshed, but was little today, to the house Port go Byron it, Brigham. read pondered he he As it.diligent find searching, to will built there be he shown its relates teachings. upon Phinehas you—just

street, off the this neglected main and than Other house farm and now and this time, that brother, Brig- "about my mill site, there is no visible evidence unoccupied. ham, came to see me, and very soon

that the Brigham man Young that that convinced he was told me this leave to decided Brigham Why in this village. quiet laboredand in there once livedWe something Mormonism."was fiftyfive journey to Mendon, and home

shall histories turn to to the to old have it Little did he what would evenknow say, he miles west, I cannot nor does find a record of his residence here. anywhere inform us, except to state tually mean to him.

there. his resided father After some left himself Brigham has us that Young

first the of second 1830, June, a Onlittle his that his of searching of found early most I have history. not was He Vilate, to daughter, born named was sisters also residents brothers to werea look and backward; he looked man at This Brigham and Miriam Mendon. vicinity. believeforward. and of before Mendon was him was What We as the occasion, a have been happy in arrived he must thing that he of the Mendon,always concern. when immediate child arrived twentyBrigham's on set tract of small land after acquired a and heHowever, to Utah, somecame birthday. ninth

in as related shop, the carpenter did that a convince upone should him he dictate an account of his life, and in opening paragraphs. From this time until the autumn of the

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in mwclotL, Tkw y&dc

By PRESTON NIBLEY

following year, 1831, we have no in- I was at Brother Kimball's house one visited many friends on the way and some formation regarding Brigham's activimorning, and while family prayer was bebranches of the Church. We exhorted them

in ing offered theni up, Brother Gifford I spoke with and Alpheus prayed and ties. that he a dependwas know We in it genuine tongues. speaking and the tongues. pronounced commenced Soon Some faithful diligent able man; and

it I in his spirit of in others me, pronounced tongues, on and spoke the Lord, from and came in his business; appointments; prompt the of devil. only thought of Penteand the day we

reliable and trustworthy; a man whose cost, when the Apostles were clothed upon We proceeded to Kirtland and stopped at

word was as good as his bond; a man with cloven tongues of fire. John P. Greene's, who had just arrived

capable of doing a great work in the there with his family. We rested a few

world, should he be given the opportuThe experience of speaking in minutes, took some refreshments and started his father's to the Prophet. see to went thing tongues, We to unusual to an happen nity. to opportunity him came The

in the that he woods was house and strong, practicalminded carpenter, a in manner. suddenly, unexpected He the to immediately chopping. went learnedWe to testimony overwhelming was him it follows relates as the Prophet and found woods, where we

that in the the of he engaged was work fall Gifbrothers, his In the of 1831, Elders chopping Alpheus three and of or two ford, Elial Strong, and others, came to Lord. From this time on until his hauling wood. Here my joy was full at the

Mendon to preach the everlasting gospel, death more than fortyfive years later, privilege of shaking the hand of the Prophas revealed to Joseph Smith the Prophet, he gave his time, his energy and his et of God, and received the sure testimony, which I heard and believed. splendid ability to the advancement of by the spirit of prophecy, that he was all

to be, as believe a could that him any man his cause. chosen believed! found heard he and He He see to us and Prophet. true He was great joy in this man's There was other that there and out more was now to returned us welcome. made Wehappysoon life in while resided he Mendon; in the for important him to do work us. house, there his accompanying he

world than to make chairs and tables were also deep sorrow and bitter tears. In the evening a few of the brethren

for the countryfolk about Mendon. He The fatal malady of "consumption"had came in and we conversed together upon

the of kingdom. (Joseph) things the his seized He wife, in Miriam, upon and else, that leave to and could someone

I in prayer to pray; called upon my me 1 fall the of she 832 taken him from was his at higher a time working spend arose as in tongues. soon we spoke As in details death. funeral the of her Of task, kingbuilding the Church and up flocked around brethren the knees our from burial and have from no any word we of God. dom his the concerning opinion asked and him source. Brother months few ago John A told of that gift me. tongues upon was He

I in Giles vain searched through and it language. pure the Adamic them was trip to a Columbia, winter After little the at for cemetery Mendon expected to he said they would him Some ** visited Pennsylvania, he where grave. had, gift but the Miriam's Brother Brigham condemn

the the elders brought with had who will it is the time said, of and God, he "No, it to his turn Perhaps from mind was to for gospel him, Brigham ready was will Brother Brigham Young when come loss his the of set that wife Brigham tells latter baptism. us part this preside over Church."He The out, after death, a Miriam's weeks few

in this absence. conversation of was my visit of miles to a journey the on 250 14, April 1832, baptized... on I was by

Eleazer Miller, who confirmed me at the Prophet Joseph Smith in Kirtland, After this visit to Kirtland, Brigham returned to his home in Mendon. During the winter he undertook a short

mission to Canada, where he succeeded in establishing a branch of the Church at East Loboro. In the spring of 1833

he again returned to Canada and succeeded in baptizing twenty people and "BRIGHAM YOUNG organizing several branches of the

LIVED HERE"Church. Returning to Mendon, he beJohn D. Giles, digan preparations to sell out his holdrector of the Bureau ings and move to Kirtland where he

of Information at the could give his entire time to the Church. Hill Cumorah, PalmyGiles, Mrs. ra, and by He tells us: sign the at Port Bydirects ron which the In the month of September, in conformity visitor to Brigham

Young's house. to the counsel of the Prophet, I made preparations to gather up to Kirtland, and engaged passage for myself and two children

with Brother Kimball, and sent my effects by canal and lake to Fairport. We arrived

in Kirtland in safety, traveling by land, where I tarried all winter and had the privilege of listening to the teachings of the Prophet, and enjoying the society of the water's edge. We returned home about Ohio. He had never seen the Prophet, Saints, working hard at my former trade.

miles, the being cold weather two and fully his yet accepted he teachings had learn, far as able to been I have As before clothes and snowy, dry were on my completely. and account His to returned never own again of Brigham Menlaid his he orback hands and on me my visit this is as follows quiet the he scenes had where and don I elder, dained at an marveled. which me

Brother Heber C. Kimball took his horse first heard the gospel message. His de-

A few weeks after Brigham's bapand wagon, Brother Joseph Young and votion to the latterday work was to tism, there came to him this additional, myself accompanying him, and started for carry his name far beyond the borders marvelous witness of the Spirit Kirtland to see the Prophet Joseph. We of that little village.

JULY, 1943 401 Sowl (BhannmL AND THE MORMONS IN EARLY CALIFORNIA

However, President Young consistently had looked with disfavor upon place for gathering a California as the By PAUL BAILEY at the time nothing came Saints, and of this overture. The subject of land

purchase again came to the fore when those members of the Battalion who had reenlisted for an additional six months outfitted themselves at Williams'Chino Rancho in preparation for their journey to Salt Lake City after their final discharge from military service. As aforementioned, their journey Rich to the task of promoting such a

home was by way of the old Spanish colony, and volunteers were called to

Trail, which led through Cajon Pass, accompany these leaders to the coast.

Mojave Desert, and Las Vegas Springs. Apostle Lyman, in service of the

In addition to hauling the first wagon to Church, had spent some time in the

JEFFERSON HUNT Zion via the southern route, these reSan Francisco Bay region, though he turning Battalion boys took with them never had been in the vicinity of the one hundred and thirtyfive good mules chosen site. Charles C. Rich had acand other stock. companied Elder Lyman to upper CaliPartX In the fall of 1849, Jefferson Hunt fornia, but in addition had made the

consented to pilot a large company of trip to Los Angeles with Jefferson

California's of even temper Hunt. winterstranded goldseekers the downThe its climate, unfilled endless acres of California. Spanish to Trail snowfree in the of 1851, company Early March

fertile soil, the ease with which for that disExcept small group fifty strong who wagons hundred and—a tracts acquired,huge could be cheaply this fronregarded counsel of first hardy for rendezSalt of out pulled Lake

all impression deep the minds, made on tiersman, folly "shortcut"and whose President at Payson. Young vous

and hearts of the Mormon Battalion landed them in the lethal wastes of ited the colonists there, and viewedvismembers. On the 14th of May, 1847, Death Valley, Hunt brought his wagonwith considerable dismay the legion of

while stationed at Los Angeles, Captain train successfully through without seriSaints who had availed themselves of

Jefferson Hunt had broached the subject ous mishap. It was necessary to disthis opportunity to settle in California

of Mormon acquirement of California mantle the wagons at the upper narrows in preference to the chosen place. He

land in a letter to President Young. He of Cajon Pass and reassemble them on had visioned a colony of perhaps twenhad written: the other side, but by December 22 ty or thirty people. When his eyes beWe are in perfect suspense here. In two they were safely arrived at Chino held nearly five hundred of his beloved

months we look for a discharge and know Rancho. Doubtless land sales again Saints abandoning their Godchosen

not whither to steer our course. We have were topics of discussion between Wilheritage for California, he was so disoffer verya good to purchase large a valhis liams for Hunt, return and on them. address not to tressed could he Acley, sufficient to support families, 50,000 valley, Salt agitaconsiderable Lake south the Aposgroup companying wasconnected with other excellent country, tion manifest for the Saints by was tle Pratt, a P. with Parley number who mightwhich obtained. be conrancho The in fertile establishment the colony of a his missionaries other on of was way is thenected with valley thirty about miles

from this place, and about twenty miles valleys of southern California. to the south sea islands. The four

from a good ship landing. We may have A goodly amount of logic was marhundred and thirtyseven men, women,

the land stock consisting and of eight thouchildren generous included a tialed in and support of the idea. a Such

cattle,sand of the head increase of which sprinkling of Battalion and members to route the wagon coast was essential three lastwas thousand year and an pioneer families. their California imto the The growing empire. Mormon The quantity ofmense horses, paying by 500 three over them with took company southern route perpetually free was ofdollars taking down, and to our time pay

the remainder, if we only had the privilege the winter hazards which blocked the hundred cows, a hundred horses, and to buy it....* Sierra passage so much of the year. And fiftytwo mules. It was necessary to

it was extremely desirable that the move the huge train in two sections as tract, This so immense offavorably far as Parowan. Saints should control the southern end

fered, the del was Santa Rancho Ana of it, to tend to adequately outfitting the essential planning the At ParowanChino. the time of the At Mexican trains, of that they trip wagon not might the long desert for made. The was

it in possession of was AmerianWar find themselves at hostile the of captains of mercy established choosing custom can, Isaac Williams, married had who profiteers in stock supplies. fifties and tens captains of adof Then and was

itsthe of daughter former Spanish ownagain there in to. maintaining sections smaller was wisdom hered These

er. series a of Through personal misfriendly a for waystation rest as units forage to and conserve and moved

fortunes, Williams had disfavor earned of equippage converts Australia, the from great drain a place to not too on the aristocrats proud inamong whose isles the of the Pacific. facilities watering meager the which

circles he moved. and Discouragement deserts southern desolate provided.

ill health the sacrireasons for were so in the winter of 1850- A ccordingly, pioneered Their was one by Jefficial sale. tender of a President 51, ferson of appointed Young Mountain way routeHunt—by

Journal History, May 14, 1847 Apostles Amasa Lyman and Charles C. Meadows, the sandy bed of the Rio

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

Virgin, over the mesa to Muddy River, holding at least one conference, AposWith sublime faith in their venture, and thence to Las Vegas Springs. Their tles Lyman and Rich busied themselves Lyman and Rich left the Saints at

suffering ran the gantlet from blizzards with the huge task of raising the very sycamore grove and hurried north to and mud in Utah, to the maddening considerable amount of cash necessary the gold camps—visiting San Francisthirst of the desolate sunbaked deserts. to purchase the Lugo properties. Terms co, Sacramento, and Mormon Island.

Neither were they free of Indian atwere not nearly so advantageous as the The generous Saints in these places unhesitatingly shared earnings for the benefit of the projected colony, and within two weeks eight thousand dollars'worth of provisions and supplies were aboard the brig Fremont. Leaving

Apostle Lyman to continue efforts in behalf of the project, Apostle Rich and

Richard R. Hopkins boarded the Fremont with a substantial amount of cash.

In five days they arrived at San Pedro and were met by a group of the brethren with forty teams to haul the precious freight to San Bernardino Valley. Apostle Lyman returned some weeks later,

and by September 22 the first token payment of seven thousand dollars was made and the Saints moved onto the property.

The colony was tendered an en-—From the original, Ingersoll Collection

SAN BERNARDINO IN 1852

tacks. One skirmish nearly cost a group

its precious horses and mules. The

Pratt train suffered a particularly vicious raid of Paiutes between Vegas and Resting Springs which endangered lives and cost them numerous dead and wounded stock. Late in May the

pioneer group crossed the dreaded stretch between Resting Springs and the Mojave River, and June 9 reached the agreedupon assembly place—

sycamore grove near the south end of

Cajon Pass.

Here Apostle Pratt and his fellow missionaries bade farewell to the Saints and hurried on to Los Angeles. Apostles

Lyman and Rich, leaving their charges safely encamped at sycamore grove, rode on to Rancho Chino, to confer with Isaac Williams regarding its purchase. Here disappointment awaited

them. Williams now refused to sell.

This sudden reversal of Williams is difficult to understand. As late as December of 1850, in a letter to Apostle

Rich, he had repeated his offer of sale. FromAnnalsIngersoll'so[ San

"I make this proposition in consequence Bernardino of illhealth,"he said, "and not being is things,able as the country to manage 2 Disat present, wish."as I could

couraged, but not beaten, the two apostles commenced negotiations for other lands suitable to their purpose.

/\N July 5, the Los Angeles Star announced:

We learn that they [the Mormons] are negotiating for the purchase of the Rancho of San Bernardino from the family of Don

Antonio Maria Lugo, by whom it is held.

... This is the site of the old Mission of San

Bernardino.... Here probably this interesting people will make their first establishment on the shores of the Pacific.3

The prophecy became a fact only after considerable delay. While the expected Chino deal, and the sum finally thusiastic welcome by the Los Angeles

Mormon camp at the sycamores enagreed upon was $77,500. As the setStar:

itself in establishinggaged ortiers a stake in their little cash possession, had are an industrious comThe Mormonsganization, schools, temporary and apostles faced were the two with the munity, the resources of and will develop

Williams to Rich, Rich Papers. Salt Lake City dilemma of raising $25,000 before purthis country to an extent that will give it

3Los Angeles Star, July 5. 1851 chase contract might be entered into. (Continued on page 430)

JULY, 1943 403 Prudence

By DEONE ROBINSON A Young Writer

Xri.rudence lay prone on She put on her

the bridge catching "waterskaters."pretty blue party

For the most part, they eluded her dirty, dress. She stood begrubby, little hands, but sometimes she fore her mother. "I

caught one of the many longlegged feel silly,"she said.

little bugs. She would clutch it tightly The mother

"in her hands and feel it wiggling weakly,"around Whysmiled inside her clenched fingers. she said hastishe Then Then

would put her hand close to the stream very Illustrated by L. K. Parkinson ly, "You're

and open it, letting the bug go scootnice-looking, Pruing swiftly away on top of dence. the water. Now, here's "I'D LIKE TO WALK Her brown, scratched legs the present."waved HE YOU HOME,"

like flags, and her blue eyes were fasPrudence held it WAS SAYING.

tened on her bugs, when the hired man gingerly in one hand.came up from behind her. He grasped "Now, Prudence,her firmly.

it's far legs feel to Ellen's, not to but so cramped, Her began dawdle you "Your wants mama to you come and so! up. she stood the of out Someone cameget for ready Miss Ellen's birthday

I'll I'll fast. Ellen's. opposite house "No, mama, leave squared walk She Iparty, told and I'd her fetch I you. right get there in front her shoulders. of the and plenty opened She now letwon't of go unless you you promise time."gate the walk. rang went and up Sheto straight go in not and off!"run

right, "All dear. the loud front clapper the door Prudence, on And Prudence's eyes darkened menacingplease firmly. to polite act remember be andly, silly "Ole party!"she Then sighed, nice."Ellen "Hello, door. the opened Pru- I'll"Yes, straight in."go

in."Prudence her dence, recome knew mother was hired let The of man go her, and last the ''Lo,"time membering said to she Prudence. She a handed wentwalked away the toward orchard. The party. all got present. the Ellen She the to had boys golittle girl stood up. Dust dirt and and out the on thank you, "Oh, play and lawn Prudence."mumble pegleaves clung to the front of her faded, instead of until livingdancing, into horrified Ellen the the ushered herblue shirt shorts. and She sadly brushed little filled hostess burst into tears. room. had with The boys room washerself and in turned the general direc-

"I'll girls. be said okay,"gee, gulped; she Prudence. Prudence andtion of the house. She kicked rocks up 'okay,'late darling,"again. "Not called her wasthe path with her old, scratched shoes.

is despairingly. mother this Ellen speaking, was "And myShe stamped across the porch. The cousin, family stayWilliam. are Hisscreen door banged.

"Is that you, Prudence?"Jr rudence kicked a rock ing here until they find them a house."

"Yes, mama."along the sidewalk for nearly a whole Prudence saw a pair of brown eyes

hair. curly some brown, Her brow block she before "Well, she here, remembered had and darling. come in Your "out; said, she smoothed Xo!"is herbath best shoes ready. and wasn't on supposed You'll late if be you

at her smiled William her found and todon't kicking them. any hurry!"with do That was

chair. sat a Prudence down. the trouble, she gloomily. "Yes, thought mama."across She went the

PruLou Palmer sitting by Mary so muttering thingsroom There were to remember darkly to herself, many "Ole her, dence almost nudged "William's sillyugly, tried do. not to kicking party."the rock She

sixteen, he drive a car. Ellen can and heel, lost she her nearly her but "Did you say something, dear?"with

all see him. about you Did told me left balance,asked it lying her she so mother. the and on

at looked you?"way he is, sidewalk. yes'm. It would I don't be fatal to fall down the really "No—that silly,"said "Don't Prudence. be dress. her party thewant to go to I in old party, mama.want to stay home and play."She turned the corner, and there was The rugs were rolled up—so it was

The mother looked dismayed, "But Ellen's house just in front of her. She to be dancing. Prudence groaned indarling, you never want to go to parstopped and sat down on her heels starwardly. "Why do they want to dance?"

ties! I've gone over all this with you ing at the house. Probably she was she asked herself.

before. You have to learn to live with early. She hadn't better go in yet. She Then William was standing in front

peopledo—well,anddobeas friendly.others do. YouWhy,haveyou'reto didn'tShe lookedwant todownbe thetheonlyshadyone street.there. ofnerher,for "Wouldthe first one?"you carehe said.to be my partthirteen years old, and you should be Green lawns with sprinklers sparkled "Yes,"breathed Prudence. She felt

enjoying them."gaily in the sun. How she hated to go the other girls'eyes on her, and she

Prudence looked up into her mother's in and sit around stiff and awkward, or, lifted her head a little and ventured a pleading eyes, "Yes, mama."worse than ever, dance to a phonosmile at William. William tightened

The only time she looked in the mirgraph. Why, a person couldn't even his grip on her hand.

ror during the whole process of dresseat as much as he wanted to at a party, Then terror clutched her. What

ing was to part her black, straight hair. because he had to be polite and say, would she say to him? Would she have

Her mother always sighed over her "No, thank you!"It would be ten to say anything? Goodness, she couldhair, but curlers hurt, declared Prutimes more fun at home playing with n't say anything!

dence. her puppy. (Concluded on page 420)

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

puojfL fcfojqwwL CHAIRS

By FRANK R. ARNOLD

college boy once hitchhiked home from Utah rather than spend his father's money foraAticket. He used it instead for riding

boots and on arriving home he set them up in front of his father, exclaiming, "Cost me a lot, but aren't they eloquent! I had to have them.

Look as though they were going somewhere, even standing empty like that."

More eloquent than cowboy boots are the pioneer chairs of southern

Utah. You find them in the Union

Pacific Lodge on the north rim of the

Grand Canyon, in the villages along towns all my life, but now I'm too UTAH,UPPER MADELEFT: IN TWOTHE EIGHTEENCHAIRS FROMSIXthe Virgin River as you climb up to old to get around and I'm back here TIES AND NOW IN A NEW ENGLAND

all, Canyon,Zion and above chairs. the whole I do across making CHAIR LEFT: A TOQUERVILLE job. HOMELOWER

skilledthe river in Grafton, where in river botthe the trees CHAIR, RIGHT: RAWHIDEBOTTOMED Cut down

chairmakers on canyon ranches make toms and turn out the chairs. Native SKILLEDHURRICANE,CHAIRMAKERUTAH, AND MR. PETTY,

imitations for summer mountain cabash is best. Mulberry is good and

ins. I met them first in Hurricane so's black walnut, and ailanthus is

at the hotel some years ago and all right, too, specially to use green She told us her mother had given her wanted to buy one from the hotel around the chair rungs, shrinks so a dozen when she married, and for proprietor as the best possible souvetight around them. When Sam Gifover sixty years they had stood

nir of my trip to southern Utah. ford settled in Springdale, last vilaround the stove and drummers and

"Go across the street,"said he. "You lage before you get to Zion Canvisitors had sat on them tilted

can get all you want there. Old yon, he sent back to Ohio for ailanagainst the wall, but the rawhide

man makes them and sells them to thus trees. That's why you see them was still intact and tight, and the upthe strong. rights rungs Only andpassing the road as you tourists, who send them growing now along a little legs worn were downhome."I'd think use back You'd go into town.

I went across the street and met box elder. It holds chair rounds well from much tilting.

Mr. Petty, a man over eighty, sitbut won't wear as long. I guess I'm Some years later, after Mrs. Denting in a rawhidebottomed, ladderthe only chair maker left in the nett's death, I bought some of her

backed chair before his door while United States who makes rawhide old chairs, but I had to take them chair uprights were boiling in a brass bottoms. I take the hair off the hide, across the river to Grafton, a village

pail to soften the wood for bending. same as a tanner, soak it in water, of three houses, to get the seats reHe greeted me with a most unoctocut it in strips a quarter of an inch strung by a chair artist of today who

genarian enthusiasm. wide, and it takes only eighteen to supplies canyon houses with chairs

"Sure, this is a chair factory. I've twentyfour hours to dry. In sumbuilt on the pioneer model. He first

been making them since I was fifmer it will dry over night."wanted to know would I have the

teen. Learned to from Sam K. Gifhair on or off, and as I didn't know,

ford in Rockville. He made nothing [ bought some of the Petty chairs he made me some of both and I liked

but chairs and peddled them with an to send back to Massachusetts. the types equally well. Then he

ox team all over this intermountain And then when I got to Rockville, I took a soaked rawhide, cut it into country. His son, Alpheus Gifford, saw some Gifford chairs. The old one long strip, tied one end into one

made all kinds of furniture, all over Gifford chair is lower and broader of the back corners of the seat, startthe state, and many a pioneer bride and the uprights do not come up in ed weaving it across from side to was happy to own one of his bedknobs to torment your legs. side, and in two hours my chairs,

steads. My father went to RockWe stayed at the Dennett house seventy years old, were ready for

ville in 1 862. When I was nineteen in Rockville run by Mrs. John Denanother seventy.

I made seven hundred chairs to get nett, married in 1865 at fifteen and And as for eloquence, these chairs money to take violin lessons and I've mother of twelve children. We adtalk to me of ladderbacks all over

played the violin in Nevada mining mired her rawhidebottomed chairs. ( Concluded on page 422

JULY, 1943 405 SIR WALTER SCOTT tjsunsuahqL&L By ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT

Secretary, Genealogical Society of Utah "Bauld Rutherfords that were sae stout,"and the Swintons of Swinton in BerwickSirinWalterthe greatScottmodernwasmovementa forerunnerof outtrait ofof nationalmind, furnishedcharacter,merrimentwhich has,to timethe shire,ternal theside.twoAnnearestillustrioushousesold onwarriorthe maof

of the zeal the extolled Sir Scotch; but family, of Swinton, the latter John "turning the hearts of children to neighbours

himself, in is and the the rooted dramatic of Froissart, deeply hero pedigree was bytheir fathers."treat last it is to it with the Hill; sketch, not been and he have Halidon would He had all the instincts and all the serious disparagement. It has often been omitted, that through the Swintonsto Sirbe

interests of an upto-date genealogist. exhibited under circumstances sufficiently Walter Scott could trace himself to William

He wrote a brief autobiography which grotesque; but it has lent strength to many Alexander, Earl of Stirling, the poet and

was discovered in an old cabinet at a good impulse, sustained hope and selfdramatist. (Lockhart, Life of Sir Walter

Abbotsford after his death. He printed respect under many a difficulty and distress, Scott, 1:33, 8788.)

to bold and heart many a nerve and armed Haliburtons, thea helpful genealogy on Sir and Walter Scott knew That and independence; for struggle resolute

his thegiving ancestry of grandmother, of this relationship to the poet asprized act of generous also a prompted many

Barbara Haliburton. His pedigree he sistance, which under its influence alone an earlier generation is evidenced by

traced back on a number of lines; and could have been accepted without any feel- a note he wrote on his copy of "Recrehe delighted in the stories of ancestral ing of degradation. ations with the Muses, by William,

lives and adventures. At Abbotsford He speaks modestly of his own descent; Earl of Stirling, 1637,"which reads:

was collected every obtainable portrait for, while none of his predecessors had ever of character and situation the of sixth Sir Alexander, below Baron sunk William his frequently forefathers;of and he

four three or to Stirling, first go the but gentleman, a he had Earl of Menstrie, and their features sought tostudied and far they as as thence, back, generations and friend and of Hawthornden of Drummond characteristicsdivine had inhe what paternal either the eldest son, on could in 1640. be followed, died His Jonson, Ben

herited through his ancestral backor maternal side, they were to be found William Viscount Canada, died before his

years, fitted his later in regiseldest parish up, his wife, Douglas, he Margaret Lady the by Whenground.ments—deeds,Eagerly he searched old documoving in the highest ranks of our baronage. father, leaving one son and three daughters

carehall he first of Abbotsford, of was William, of Marquis daughterters, facts rebeautiful and more the like—forcontracts, forehis of bearings the armorial these the of ful to have second Douglas. Margaret, walls them.garding and Upon the

the in order comfathers of on Sinclair Sir due blazoned married Robert daughtersceilings preat Abbotsford, he had in its roof; there are few of and to she partments in the Merse, Longformacus whom the of coatsof-arms theserved proud titled nobility, the who Scotland, under Jean. Jean and bore two daughters, Anne

notable families through which he came. could trace their blood to so many stocks Sinclair, the younger daughter, married Sir

He familiarized himself with the perof historical distinction. John Swinton of Swinton; and Jean Swinton,

sonal history of those he knew to be his In the Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border, her eldest daughter, was the grandmother progenitors, and read such family hisand Notes to the Lay of the Last Minstrel, of the proprietor of this volume. (Ibid.,

tories as were then available. An early the reader will find sundry notices of the 1:88. footnote.)

and dear friend of his was Robert Surtees, the famous antiquarian and genealogist. But above all else, his magic

for us live againpen and all sucmade characters these generationsceeding of SIRAT WALTERABBOTSFORDSCOTT a former stirring time, in a sympathetic reproduction of their spirit and chivalry.

In the large sense, every poem and every novel he wrote was a genealogical interpretation, and very frequently of the lives of his own ancestors.

In his Memoirs he wrote:

Every Scottishman has a pedigree. It is

a national prerogative as unalienable as his pride and his poverty. My birth was neither

distinguished nor sordid. According to the

prejudices of my country, it was esteemed gentle, as I was connected, though remotely, with ancient families both on my father's and mother's side. My father's grandfather

was Walter Scott, well known in Teviotdale by the surname of Beardie. He was the

second son of Walter Scott, first Laird of

Raeburn, who was the third son of Sir

William Scott, and the grandson of Walter

Scott, commonly called in tradition Auld

Watt, of Harden. I am therefore lineally

descended from that ancient chieftain, whose name I have made to ring in many a ditty, androw—nofrom badhis fairgenealogydame, thefor Flowera Borderof Yarmin-

strel.

Scott's gifted biographer and sonin- Courtesy law, John Gibson Lockhart, makes this SaltTheLake comment on the above passage: Library

Sir Walter Scott opens his brief account of his ancestry with a playful allusion to a 406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

This Sir William Alexander, Earl Mary of Gueldres, queen of James II, The Warden's daughters in Lochwood sate, fair all gay, and both Were lines and the royal to of traces most of he greatgrandfather Stirling, fourthof

Margaret, the All save Lady Beauthrough of nobility Europe; Joan publicspirited andSir a Walter, was and wae. she was wan And derives from fort, of I, he queen statesman farseeing Jamespatriotic a man,

with ideas much in advance of his time, Edward III of England and good queen As she bemoans her fate she glances and endowed with talents which distinPhilippa, and thus again his lineage can up and sees her father's men bringing guished him as one of the most brilliant be followed to reigning houses in in the hapless prisoner:

Holland, Spain, France, Germany, seventeenth the of his countrymenof

And and Constantinople, Russia, reputation Hungary, early gainedcentury. He A shackledin the knightmidst thealong.troopers led of countries the Italy, Poland, and selection this to his led scholar,as and a

as tutor to young Prince Henry, son of Scandinavia. What is still more interThe poem fragment ends at this point,

James I of England and heir to the esting, perhaps, is that most of the but Sir Walter Scott tells the story as throne of England and Scotland. When characters who live again in his poems passed on by tradition:

Prince Henry died in 1612, Sir William and novels can now be demonstrated the custo (agreeably Murray Lady The greator greatgrandfather to Prince to tutor be a becameAlexander seated in ancient tales) was ladies of all tom another. or I. grandmother, of one degree Charles afterwards TheCharles, return the descried and battlements, the Sixth to the virIntroduction the In great influence,instructor by had imprisoner. his She with her husband Canonof

tue of his literary talents and personal to of Marmion, Scott has left us a pen mediately inquired what he meant to do with accomplishments, and substantial repicture of one greatgrandfather the young knight of Harden. "Hang the

wards soon followed. By royal charter Walter Scott, known as Beardie, who robber, assuredly,"was the answer of Sir

he was granted a vast territory in then vowed never to shave his beard until Gideon. "What,"answered the lady, "hang

Harden, of knight young the handsome throne the to restored includinglittle Stuarts the were America, North known daughters illfavoured I three have when United of the presentthe best clime northern linger in Still our force we'll Sir Gideon; no, unmarried? No, larger empireStates and time, old of the good remnants tradition Some portionsCanada—an our Meg."to Now marry him

than all the king's dominions elsewhere, And still within our valleys here says that Meg Murray was the ugliest womand in it was vested with almost absoWe hold the kindred title dear, an in the four counties, and that she was lute authority. Industriously he set Even when, perchance, its farfetched claim called, in the homely dialect of the time,

about to colonize this area; and in 1 624 To Southron ear sounds empty name; "Meiklemouthed Meg."Sir Gideon, like

deem, proverbs blood, our of course entered For father, tender and husband good a entitled, "An a brilliant workwrote stream. the Is than mountain to proffered warmer sentiments, and his wife's into not but to Colonies,"Encouragement still I hold Christmas his thus of becoming my And alternative the Sir William of colonizauntil theappreciated day of greatgrandsire came his carcase Where with decorating my or old, sonin-law,

Charles Intion I made 1635 dawned. hair flaxen beard and lady amber With The of Elibank. gallows the kindly

him Earl of Stirling; and in 1635 granted And reverent apostolic air, was so very ugly, that Sir William, the

him Long Island comprising what is The feast and holytide to share, handsomest man of his time, positively rewine, sobriety with mix days Three And hand. her of York, of the City the honour of fused part Newnow

thoughts mirth with honest and his mind, And to up make him allowed gift. divine: were helpful very not a thenbut

after his, time in thought Small the was rope of end an found it until he not was abilof no mean a poet Earl was The rhyme. into a hitched E'er to be knotted other the his neck, and to fast made adhis and readity, were poems boast and sire only could simple resolution his The that bough, oak to a sturdy

mired by Milton, Ben Jonson, DrumThat he was loyal to his cost, gave way, and he preferred an ugly wife mond of Hawthornden, and won the The banished race of kings revered, to the literal noose. It is said they werelater unstinted praise of Addison. DeAnd lost his land—but -kept his beard. afterwards a very happy couple.

courtier life scholar, asspite his busy another father of Beardie was descendThe the that remarks Lockhart remark- a produced he statesman,and married of Scott Raeburn, "inwho Walter large mouth the with of ants Meg with "weighted ofable poems number Bibliwere Isobel MacDougall. They characteristic of her something herited to dedicated werethought."Some Testathe read cal students he Old and himself poet "the that and feature,"and warning gave andKing James, they Later original in Hebrew. the ment rule."the to exception no was be princes"that "wickedcounsel may Quakers, the of doctrines the embraced which Minstrel, the Last In the Lay of never speech was "Manlierdethroned. visited Scotat Fox time George a when Scott the of stirring story reality is a in says him,"kings than to byaddressed subjected in were consequence land, and himself Sir Walter of ancestors clan, Nationauthority. (Dictionaryone of persecution. bitter He severe and to sigthe succession. At rapid in troop PeerScots'1:279280;al Biography, government and, imprisoned, by was hither came of Harden call nal "Watage, 8:170178) the taken from children his order, were Sir of father the was amain."He being in 1740, at died London He enwife, and himself of and custody a Murray, married Meg William who the his son, borepredeceased who by too, lest bethey, his brother, to trusted in celebrated raider, border notable thetitle Through Canada. of Viscount of errors the with "infected come of Hardas "Auld ballads border Wat Douglas, wife, Margaretviscount's her mother, when Quakerism."The to this note Scott wrote him en."Of of Earl Angus eleventh the ofdaughter folher, from snatched children were the Lay: accompany latthe Douglas, first of Marquessand but their was home, to new them lowed

their Scott, Sir toter Walter on passed are of) fell Harden (Scott upof she family entrance, even when denied The great house of the the blooddescendant, Laird the of son younger a from descended relatives. the Thus before knees her on of families. of. other of HardScottof Douglas, many Walter Buccleuch. of posterity his it and that Beardie was of reign Queen the.during of nobility, flourished Scottish and en, highestthe who Quakers. trained as not were In freebooter.... renowned a itself. was the Mary, Scott family wasthe royal

of RaeScott of father is to have Walter said glen this The he of recess the of greatgrandson King Jameseighth daily the for Sir William served spoil, his which Quaker, the burn, was kept fell battle at the Scotland, of whoIV prothe until retainers, his of maintenance Agnes married of Harden, Scott who offspring a the numbyof Flodden, and announced clean spurs of pair of a duction Sir Gilbert of daughter MurMurray, earlier sovereigns lines the from ofber for ride that must they band to the hungry his William youth In Elibank. of ray land. his native marriedof provisions. was of supply He a Sir Gideon's in a foray on engaged of Scott Philip of Scott, daughter to I Mary assurance, with speak In order to capand overpowered lands, was and the Flower in called song and Dryhope, utilizing the his pedigree, tracedhave the prisoner to carried a tured, and extensive very a possessed of Yarrow. He sources today authenticbest most and five his this expericastle. used divided Scott among estate, which Murray was of over include the namesavailable, to unfinished sons. early for an as theme ence

his progenitors, and ofseven hundred Reiver's Wedding,"called "The poem adds: Scott his seventyfive In Memoirs "My on tabulated themhave opening words: the with the old in youth of these whose charts. grandmother, shows studypedigree A

that certainly Scott did not overstate Or will ye hear how a gallant lord border depredations were matter of rethe case when he modestly said that his Was wedded to a gay ladye? cent tradition, used to tell me many

birth was accounted gentle. Through (Concluded on page 430)

JULY, 1943 the initial step. Finally, on March 13,

1894, they were baptized into the

Miller. Elder Church by Grandpa Gayler... been had They Mormons less than

one day when word got around that the missionaries were in town. As (pionsuuv dusk settled upon the Gayler farm, a

crowd of scowling, muttering neighbors '"Phe story of a Mormon pioneer who never crossed the were seen approaching the house. They

. plains but who blazed trails for the gospel at home carried whips of leather thongs.

Brother Gayler met them at the gate.

Mormon

... and heJohntwirlingthe hisBaptistcane forGaylera momentstoppedand By JACK NORTHMAN elders,""We camethey announcedto talk to the

attempted to balance it on his ANDERSON could see that they meant business.

thumb. of the Southern States Mission But Brother Gayler also meant busi-

"Yes suh,"he reflected, "many is the ness.

time I've sat and held a gun while the "You can come in and talk to them, elders preached."but it won't be healthy if you try anyDelighted by his own remark, he thing else,"he warned.

burst into a half cough, half chuckle As they filed in, he sat with a gun which convulsed his lanky frame. His on his lap to enforce his warning.

bushy white beard, protruding from his For several years those neighbors reface at an angle which lengthened his fused to have anything to do with him.

chin several inches, bobbed merrily. Later, several of them joined the

Presently he settled back in the batChurch. In addition to those he has

tered rocker and began another story converted, Grandpa Gayler proudly of the early days... fidgeting idly boasts that he has raised "three generawith his cane as he talked. tions of Mormons."Now living are

Here was an unusual character. I one daughter, eleven grandchildren andknew that after I heard him tell his first twelve greatgrandchildren—all enstory. To the casual passerby who rolled in the Gadsden Branch.

saw him lounging on the porch, he A hatter by trade, Brother Gayler looked like any other superannuated made hats by hand until the advent of southern farmer. But Grandpa Gayler the machine. Then he reverted to

was different. You could tell that. farming, which occupied his working

His conversation was alive with wit hours until two years ago when failing and rich with philosophy, reflecting a health confined him to the house.

full, contented life. In spite of the When he was active, he always dewrinkles which creased his face and lighted in mingling with the crowds in

the slight stoop which bent his back, town on Saturday afternoons and talkhe was not mired in the rut of old age. ing religion with all who would listen.

It was evident from his sense of humor Now that he is unable to wander the and the mischievous twinkle in his eye "GRANDPA"GAYLER streets, his old cronies often visit him that he had managed to maintain a fresh at his home to bring up a new argument perspective on life. "Deligious at heart but dissatisfied in their favor. But Grandpa Gayler

Grandpa Gayler—as he is known A with the teachings of the local dehas an answer for everything. Always

affectionately to more than five hunnominations, John Gayler grew up withalert and witty, he can wiggle out of a hospitality—neverdred missionaries whocrossedhave thesharedplains.his outuntil joiningfifteen yearsany church.after his marriageIt was notto dilemmaquoting scripture,witn easewhich., he. usuallydoes fasterby

While other converts were trekking to Margaret Elizabeth Reynolds in 1878 than most listeners can follow.

Utah, he stayed at home and blazed that he first encountered Mormonism. "If they can't keep up with me,"he

trails for the gospel in a hostile land. On a September day in 1893, he pointed out with a chuckle, "they can't

His farm was an oasis for early missiongreeted two elders—N. W. Miller of tell when I make a mistake."

aries who found refuge from persecuManassa, Colorado, and B. F. LeBaren One oldtimer asked him why it was

tion within his gates. It was not unof Mesa, Arizona—at his door. He had necessary for a person to join the

common in those days for a pair of harbeen warned by his neighbors that the Church as long as he lived a good assed elders to stumble upon his porch, Mormons were coming, but in spite of Christian life.

gasping for water which had been reall that he had heard against them, he Grandpa Gayler thought a moment, fused them everywhere else along the could not force himself to be unfriendly. pushing his weatherbeaten hat back

way. Often they quenched their thirst He shook hands with Elder Miller and, on his head and scratching his straggly,

while Brother Gayler held an angry with the same grasp, pulled him inside. white hair with a bony finger.

mob at bay with a shotgun. "Come in,"he invited. "The only ones who were saved

last, living in flood,"the at said from convert he Oldest Alabama, "were this lean, the point whiteAt... Baptist the those got ark."Gayler the born board on was AuJohn who

pride. old bearded with beamed man this story, 14, ingust After at 1858, EtoCherokee he looked (now up me

first I to a ever spoke words "The earnestly. has he County, Alabama, wherewah)

elder,"boasted, "were he Mormon life. all father, "life his hisresided "Son,"declared, he wouldn't be When

'in.'into burst another he 'Come And livin'It's that Gayler,Allen without the worth announced Church. he would

be called "John,"the hired worker, a chuckle. the one thing that gives me satisfaction

devout Baptist, hit upon a brilliant idea. Before those first missionaries conin my old age. I know it's true, and

If "John"was to be the name anyhow, tinued on their way, they explained the I have known it ever since the day those he reasoned, it might as well be "John Articles of Faith and left three tracts. first elders visited me fortynine years

the Baptist"in honor of the great BibliJohn Gayler and his wife were imago."

cal character. Old man Gayler was mediately interested, and stayed up unThen he paused, and the twinkle crept

impressed. So the new baby became til late in the night reading. Next mornback in his eye.

ing they decided to become Mormons. "The gospel is like a feast,"he said.John the Baptist Gayler—a name which

peculiarly fitted his later role as a foreFive months elapsed, however, before "It is laid out on the table for you.

runner of Mormonism in Alabama. they could contact the elders and take All you gotta do is he'p yourself."

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

(pAMidsnt. J. EDWARD WOOD

"(L 3j$sl. Jilted, witik.

good and faithful servant, dean of stake presidents in the Church, was recently honorably releasedAafter thirtynine years of continuous service in the president's stake office. By C FRANK STEELE is the unusual of PresidentThis record

Edward J. Wood of the Alberta Stake

of Zion, Cardston, parent stake of the

Church in Canada. The late Charles

Ora Card, venerable churchman and colonizer, founded the Mormon colonies in Canada. Edward J. Wood succeeded him as stake president at the

turn of the century and has seen the impressive growth of the Church in the northland as foretold by President John

Taylor and other Church leaders.

Now, relieved of the strenuous duties of his office as head of a large and busy stake, the veteran leader will be better able to discharge the duties of his continuing office as president of the Alberta

Temple. There in the quiet of its gardens and in the sweet solemnity of its

courts he will find a new peace in the midst of a wartorn world ministering to the faithful who come to the House of the Lord for worship and solace.

"Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on Thee because he trusteth in Thee."As expressed by PRESIDENT AND MRS. EDWARD J. WOOD

Isaiah, such is the peace, such the power President will find as dehe Wood he has the preached home gospel Beesley wife Adelbert and Elder and was full hisvotes ministry the temple. to his borne testimony. to the Navigatorcalled mission on a

It is time a has opportunity he and an first of the Islands. This was Samoan President born was some Woodlong anticipated.

filled three President missions Wood seventyseven in years Salt ago Lake Life has dealt kindly with President islands. in he the Often South Sea City. father His a William was Wood, if not is gently. still alwaysWood, He an person the on only white has been butcher trade, native of a by Englandenjoying unusually health; in fact, good of island, traveling thousands often and a veteran the of Crimean War. isone at the amazed his of smartness treacherous miles, through sometimes William able an preacher was Woodstep the and spirit. his of buoyancy

seas, native canoe. by fascinating and a storyteller. Likewise it is fine in hisPerhaps sense of humor It his missionary early during tell was few can forcefully a story morethat this; has to his had with do much President in that labors Wood Samoa than President reminisHis Wood.close contact the people, with especially StevenStevenson. Robert Louis met cences stories wellselected and alwaysthe its people, influence. has young had of the admirer outspoken son was an color lend his and to sermons warmth is little indicativeThere of about age practical missionaries'work fireside Mormon talks. and His mother washim except the his perhaps of maturity

natives. the among Elizabeth convert a Wood, alljudgment counsel the and and President of years Wood's many his as late the was President Gentryfather—of forembracing love his bears fellow he

early in islands, missionary the work latter's Charles during the Penrose W. ismen. vigorous, His a compelling

(in for 1890's) the considerable time a missionary in England. work That waspersonality, his living and broad and president, as fruitstand out the 'fifties. among in the parents, His sweetas religionconception of brotherthe and

ful that years his characterized have hearts, in sailing crossed Atlantic the a of hashood to endeared thouman him interesting in long Priestand the career ship the great plains Salt and to Lakesands both within and the without of the Church. hood in train. City a wagon friendChurch. has been a great He

his recalling President Says Wood, a his youth he for accompanied As parthe Church.maker

first mission ents mission of colonization a on to \I7hen his retirement was announced, Dixie, far south of Salt Lake. It was When I was set apart for my first mission

vv a friend remarked: "What a then Mexican territory. Later it beby President George Q. Cannon, he said,

things, other that Ghost, among part of the Holy Arizona, the came and todaylife to look back upon! A life filled

confirmed I was a member given me when spot the for lived wherewith gracious years."Wood family

comforter, the Church, a would be a five years is covered precisely to fit This seems Edward I if by Lake Mead of ofprotector, to that me, and and guide famous Boulder Dam. ministry has whose touchedJ.Wood, faithful the remained and worthy Tempter

lives in many lands and among many President Wood delights to recall would have no power over me.

races. He is one of the great missionhis youth. At twelve he was ordained I was also promised that the hearts of

aries of the Church and still retains the a deacon and with other members of evil, designing men, who would seek to missionary spirit, the spirit of changing the Priesthood marched in the funeral do me bodily harm, would be softened the influence they under come wouldlives, of winning to procession of God. President men At home Young. At when the of me. around Ghost Holyand abroad, the islands the of on Pathirteen a he was School teachSunday I in side of sat the councils Often by

cific the trade blow, where er. In 1888, winds he and ordained was a seventy chiefs strong adherents native were who

among the Blackfeet of his Canadian and with Elder William O. Lee and (Continued on page 436)

JULY, 1943 409 IhsLjwo Unidentified w.

By DR. A. L CURTIS

7TLTHOUGH the Church early stimu-

L\ lated the recording of events historian Bancroft wrote: "The follow-

J J* which later became history, and ing morning (July 22, 1847) the admany individuals kept diaries and jourvance company, composed of Orson nals, there were many things left untold. Pratt, George A. Smith, and seven oth-

A few sidelights on the entrance of ers, entered the valley and encamped the Pioneers into Salt Lake Valley on Canon Creek.""Canon Creek"

should be interesting and may afford a evidently was City Creek. The main

clearer view of the event. We are point in Bancroft's statement is that the

given a graphic description of the enexploring party established a camp.

Erastus Pratt and of Orsontrance the of memdivided. Some party The 1847. 21, on valley the July intoSnow others the site the at and remained bers them, between horse with one two,The report. to groups the main to returned comthe main of aheadproceeded Erastus Smith, A. Pratt, George Orson bad going was thepanies. Because MatJoseph and Pack, Snow, John steep a climbed they creek, thealong Levi and Curtis returned. Lyman thews Canyon. Emigration ofhill the at mouth reothers, possibly two and Jackman, full view. into burst valley theHere

They were overwhelmed and overjoyed. They waved their hats in the

air and cried, "Hosannah! Hosannah to

the Lord!"After gazing at the valley, the sky, the mountains, the blue waters of the LEVI JACKMAN lake with its islands, and range after range of mountains, they proceeded on their journey. They took a circuitous the scribe of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

course. We are told they first went He kept a daily journal of the Pioneer

north toward Red Butte. Later they journey. The Salt Lake Tribune for

must have turned west and then south May 7, 1897, records:

after few miles'a foror southwest, received Tribune addi- a The welcome "canyons"to sometravel they came to its in tion Pioneer in of Library the journal the valley. These were probably the 1847 kept by Levi Jackman, who faithfully

deep ravines in the east bench through recorded everything that came under his which the streams flow. In this region observation. This book is one of the most

.Erastus Snow missed his jacket and revaluable yet found as a historical relic..

turned to find it. Orson Pratt continued

Curtis Levi and Lyman Jackman rethen and distance short aon for in the great companions were Pioneer CanEmigration of the to mouthturned in the traveled They same wagon. retrek. and met men the two whereyon,

militia in the had been They at Far to camp.turned West, Missouri, and in the Nauvoo

Legion. afterward, the Years when under of nine party exploring men A n Canal been Salem had completed by** Pratt and of Orson leadership the efforts united the of Curtis and Lyman valley the entered Smith A. CURTIS LYMANGeorge his associates, thus possible making morning, Thursday day, next theearly for hundreds, homes Levi Jackman to object was main 1847. 22, TheJuly his and at came Salem, made home

city. future for permanent site camp site. mained at the a suitablefind a as neighbor. Utah, a

They took a westward course from They slept on the present location of that night on Salt and City were Lake reached until theyEmigration Canyon that seems during the Tt of day July their comrades to the welcome ground a followed they valley, where levelthe the 22, groups advancing did not their charges of was the day. next One the to northward coursemeandering the exact the of exwhereabouts know fire to maintain a build beacon to and favorwere Creek. They Cityforks of ploring turn, in and, party the exploring pilot site the to and the chosen mark region. this Neverwith impressedably did the party exact not location know groups. various the advancing of course tonorth farther exploredtheless, they various groups. the the of of At mouth returning the members sooner had the to No finally came lake and theward Emigration the division second Canyon a kindled Curtis left than them Lyman springs were hot springs. Thewarm first division. the caught with up The this burnfire sagebrush. of was soil When the since but them, to curiositya the emerged from as two one canyon

it green piled with high briskly ing he City to returned they here poorwas say, to left body. Strange they turned

it blueof rose sage. column a From that something did they HereCreek. traveled and southwest, probably over from that could seen be gray smoke usually emphais not historiesin the the bench south land of Emigration It welvalley. the a of parts was many possession actually tooksized. They attracted Creek. were here a They by all turned eyes to which beacon come, a camp. a established region. theof They beautiful level extended and of area

all hearts moved. were which by and brushless ground, of and covered with the of men 1888, many when In

the exploring party were still alive, the Levi Jackman had been, at one time, [Continued on page 420) 410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LAST DAY OF LEAVE OLD COWMAN ALL IN A DAYwm

By Gilean Douglas By Lydia Hall By Alice Whitson Norton basket I took mending down my Tonight sits, side the the of behind, look not house he shall red of at and socks with gazed awe And BYI sun; high the see to bared held head head with never But His and go brown

I is his bent; shoreline are His hands loved so back rough deep which haveThe toe, heel, in ankle, holes and jagged With that done. long; has work he From could these in soul pondered how And my eddies, truculent strong; current andThose grow,

city's sees the to dust beyond big rock a gray worldThat which He was yarn yesterday with but Remembering, lie lands that rockbound The me darn. to of socks I'd had batch Another the fill to the earth, sky touch shall seems not Where mind!These my

And the earth touch the sky. And then I thought of gay, capricious Anne,But, oh, do you suppose the sun has set

stride, skipping Dan, Joseph's and manly Of cliff island yet? of highUpon the my cattle, the sees of herds and He

all they fun the steps they made—the And trails ride, to used he The

i had, of forms the dark scented pines The to things countless did they me make The walls canyon are wide. Where glad, TIME'S INTERLUDE

strong, perfect bodies, specimens, Their and his to holds close heart the scenes He glad daily song. vibrating with house The Bigler Dariene By distills, That memory

I the bent joyously above mass Then Writer Young the sweetness splendor and of The A rent. patiently to began And a mend hills. the of meadows The

TIME flies on evermoving seconds;

It looks not back, nor does it hesitate.

For those who shirk work undone,

It cannot wait; HOMESICK

But speeds on and on Into the eternity (A Song of the Mountains)

Taking with it men who have traveled far

And who have the will to travel farther. By Brownie Underhill

They are the ones with happiness of in storeIndustry for them this briefNot for just interlude of time s THEhomewardmountains are calling me, calling me

But up to and including the prime of the With pictures from memory of cool canyons hereafter! deep

And the motion of trees in the pinescented breezes.

I LONGTEMPS THE SACRED GROVE Withkeep.a song in my heart a long promise

By Helen Baker Adams By John J. Shank

Odors of sagebrush are pungently drifting, cliffs ring; resound, Echoes rocky making in the sat time sun have such hour hundred one years ago a long one we TNFor is in again joyous the mountains fall the from pear blossoms * light sun Living held other Watching than Grove The

hills bring. only the Happiness can home that bough, he

': '. i till evening trees had in the the stood reaching doorwayLeaned among: 'Who

in Dear mountain peaks! There is strength see might come

i beauty. your theBringing pale wherein earth's children us starlight communion. Somehow Beyond

We always attended the migrant birds'grow, Gay splashing streams! You are near!. You

going, Might know the soil of Zion and the way are near!

Bittersweet's turning, the harvest's bright Of grace for careless generations here, Song of the hills, fill my soul with your moon. Experience God, exalt, and fear, music.

Too long we have busied with aimlessly And reinstate the Church of Jesus'day. Land of my dreams! I am here! I am here!

blowing Frostywhite fern on the window. At noon The Saints of latteryear, here met with

We watched the warmth of the low winter love sun Pale all our etchings. We lived but for AndPursuehonorthe forvirtuousthe earth'spromisedegreebirth ofbeganman, NO SKY SO LOUD

beauty Seasons in glory-—but... all that is done. OfAndlifeshatteredrisen highersunshinethan themottlesultimate gladesdove; By Eva Willes Wangsgaard

around to for time a duty, a could the not; tell whitened to walk we must lookNow while they, singing, tread on holy Yon guns The But gray to wardrums. timeMark drive ground.

shall cease firmly take roots hold the beneath How

And Eternal Beauty will shine through the snow;

Peace. How full of strength a seed is, how alive

it grow. this ice WHERE WINDOWS LOOK ToAndeveryyet, whenelementAprilthat penetrateshelps

SHOULD I EXPLAIN By Ethelyn Miller Hartwich AndCarnationspours willa liquidreleaseswiftnesstheir cloverichgutterward,spice

By Lucretia Penny Where now no petal blows, no leaf is

still they come some say, the that fret noisy wings the sky, Above come—andWhen Cliff dwellers had no windows, so they stirred.

little the house at edge of the Beneath the And citymen, craters blackened who live on a brickwalled with soaked To my hill way, pain, And say, "Nice view, but I'd think, my dear, May never gaze where greening valleys The seeds of peace, the roots of justice, lie

You'd find it frightfully lonely here!"roll; As through the darkness seeds have always

Should I explain—or should I not Yet eyes may claim the stars'cool diadem, lain.

That the rest of the world is the lonely spot, And each may choose the windows of his No sky so loud, no crusted drift so deep,

And this bit of earth I call my own soul But summer finds the small seeds where they

Is the only unlonely place I've known? Forever looking toward Jerusalem. sleep.

JULY, 1943 411 MISSIONARY M- CHURCH JIml dfaafutt jO. (bwthstiv "ajol'%swv

in Subscriptions 1933 all 20,000 led States Mission to [orthern By JOHN K. ORTON

the the stakes of in and missions Subscriptions 1943 80*000

Church in percentage of quota during Business Manager of the "Era"is the growth the record of of the the past year, and finally ended in the last Improvement Era percentThatThe with the remarkable campaign decade. The four hundred percent age of 637.3 percent of its quota. This

increase is the remarkable achievement mission turned in 2,180 subscriptions. dent of the Los Angeles Stake, which

of a vast group of loyal men and women The work in the Northern States Misis now the South Los Angeles Stake, who work unselfishly in the wards and sion was directed by President Leo }. that stake caught the spirit of Era work

stakes of the Church to carry the magaMuir himself, who for years has been an and has remained consistently at the zine into the homes of Latterday Saints ardent supporter of The Improvement top year after year. President Muir

everywhere. Era. President Muir has made it a was ably sustained in his mission by

It would be difficult to find in the matter of habit to lead in Era work. Elder Fred C. Wolters, who worked

Church greater loyalty and devotion to During those years when he was presiuntiringly and deserves a great deal of duty than that manifested by Era workers who have made possible the great advancement of The Improvement Era each year. Presidents of stakes, stake

high councilmen, bishops of wards, stake board members, ward board members, under the guidance of stake and ward Era directors, have all cooperated in an enthusiastic plan to reach the ulti-—"Anmate goalErasetin fortheverybyhome."President Grant

The record of the past year's activity JLs a success story which has few equals. Volumes could be written on

the initiative and accomplishments of individual stakes and wards throughout the Church. We could tell how many

wards and stakes used elaborate displays of charts and banners showing progress of the campaign, how other stakes and wards have put on parties and dinners and entertainments in order to create enthusiasm and enjoyment in their work. We could tell how

splendid ward leaders have had the vision to realize how helpful the Era could be to boys in the armed services, and how they have found ways to place the Era in the hands of every single boy leaving the ward. They have done this

with the conviction that the Era can and will be not only a great source of entertainment and enjoyable reading, but also a great source of comfort and strength. Thousands of subscriptions

have been received and the magazine is now being sent to service men in every part of the world.

The story comes back how a soldier walking into a barber shop in Egypt found an Improvement Era among the other magazines. Other stories have

been received telling how the Era is passed around from one boy to another and how the strength and vitality of the MISSIONS, PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA, GROUP "B"of lives over into themessage carries Leo J. Muir; Fred C. Wolters, Jr., campaign manager; STATES NORTHERN

Phyllis aides. Gene Jensen, Herman MISSION—PresidentR. Carpenter, June Jenkins, campaign alike. The and nonmembersmembers

missionary spirit, the loyalty and devoMISSIONS, TOTAL NUMBER OF SUBSCRIPTIONS, GROUP "B"

Whitaker; P. William Jack N. Anderson, publicity chairman; SOUTHERN STATES workers group of Eration of our large

Mortenson, Merkley, Y.W.M.I.A.MISSION—Presidentsupervisor; Leo C. manager. campaign stakes and Lucille andthroughout the wards

missions of the Church are responsible MISSIONS, PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA, GROUP "A"for this accomplishment. director;EASTERNEdith STATESLaub, assistantMISSION—"Era"Presidentdirector. Gustave A. Iverson; J. Robert Anderson, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"

Twenty stakes and four missions are

MISSIONS, SUBSCRIPTIONS, TOTAL "A"GROUP OF NUMBERthe citation winners of this year's camElijah Allen; President Rowley, R. Melviln CALIFORNIA Y.M.M.I.A. MISSION—supervisor; Emilypaign. Shurtliff, supervisor; Y.W.M.I.A. director. Vernie C. Swenson, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA credit for the success achieved. Credit 2,978 subscriptions. President WhitMortenson, and Jack Anderson ably dialso goes to the other missionaries for aker, whose energy knows no limits, rected Era sales in the Southern States

their support and cooperation and deorganized his missionaries, branches, Mission.

votion to duty. and Sunday School organizations into California Mission, among the smallSouthern States Mission, like North- a great group of Improvement Era er missions of the Church known as

ern States, achieved a record this year workers. And each missionary and Group "A,"led all the missions in that

almost beyond comprehension. This each worker in the branch and Sunday group in total number of subscriptions.

mission, under the direction of PresiSchool organization found joy and hapTheir final record was 961. The work

dent William P. Whitaker, turned in piness in their labors. President Whitin this mission, where Elijah Allen is

more subscriptions than any other stake aker is a true missionary and his spirit president, was conducted by Elder or mission in the entire Church and esof humility has been a guiding light in Vernie Swensen, a very capable mistablished a total number of subscriphis mission. Under President Whitasionary and Era director. Serving a vast

tions which has never been equaled ker's supervision, Areola Larsen, Lucille territory, the California Mission secured 363 percent of its quota. The

most remarkable achievement in the entire Church was made by the Barstow

Branch, of this, mission. With a quota

of four, this branch turned in 118 subscriptions, which is 2950 percent of its quota. Members in Barstow, with

President Lamarr E. Hadley at their

head, made the work a citywide project,....-> 5 | f.

Eastern States Mission led all smaller missions of the Church in percentage of quota and was second among all stakes and missions of the Church with their 449.2 percent. President Iverson

gave much of his time and effort to this splendid accomplishment, and Elder J.

Robert Anderson directed the work with great efficiency.

South Los Angeles Stake led all the stakes of the Church this year in percentage of quota. Each year South

Los Angeles waits complacently for the campaign to near its close and approximately thirty days before the end of the campaign an organization is effected which accomplishes almost unbelievable results. Their record for

this year is 407.5 percent, to place them

first among all the stakes of the Church.

Era work in South Los Angeles Is under the direction of George A. Baker, a

member of the stake presidency. John

M. Iverson is stake president. Brother

Baker is a master in leadership and organization and even though the campaign is carried on for thirty days only, this stake has constantly been at the top for many, many years. The organizing

effort behind the work in South Los

Angeles brings hundreds of ward members into service, and each one's part, while only small, is effective and enables them to establish this remarkable record.

Seattle Stake for many years past and again this year leads all the stakes in Group "A"in percentage of quota with 324 percent. The work in Seattle Stake is directed by Leslie Seal.

Brother Seal, like Brother Baker, is able to effect an organization in his stake which invariably carries Seattle to the top. The ward bishops and ward

members support him and take pride in

GROUP "B,"PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA placing the Era in every home.

this led year Stake all other Ogden Iverson; Ellsworth, LOS Reo superintendent, John SOUTH ANGELES Y.M.M.I.A.; M. STAKE—President

president I. Ord, Verda regional of Y.W.M.I.A.; Waite, manager; campaign Noble George A. Baker, in total of the of Church number

manager. campaign

final their recwas superintendent, L. LOS Wilford Mervin G. Edling; Saunders, ANGELES Y.M.M.I.A.; STAKE—President regionar subscriptions—1894stakes

of H. Kirkham, Mona director. acting Y.W.M.I.A. and "Era"ord. Stake The work in the Ogden

superintendent, President Cluff, Barnes; C. Douglas Y.M.M.I.A.; LONG Goldwyn Rhoda BEACH presidentSTAKE—directed L. Swenson. by Melvin president Hinckley, of Y.W.M.I.A.; Soffe, was director; Frances A. Andrus, Henry Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"

Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director. This splendid director worked conPresident superintendent David A. Butler; A. Palmer Y.M.M.I.A. SNOWFLAKE LeRoy STAKE—(no sistently from the day the Era campaign photo Flake, available); Melba president; Flake, Era"director for Y.M.M.I.A.; Y.W.M.I.A. James M.

Augusta it until closed April 21. opened on He

superintendent; Lucelle Rulon T. Shepherd, MARICOPAFlake, Wright; Lorenzo Y.M.M.I.A. his with workers, kept worked ward R. Taylor, president director; Newell, Ned Y.W.M.I.A.STAKE—Presidentof Y.W.M.I.A.;"Era"director. Helen E. Coleman, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"

Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director. (Continued on page 432)

JULY, 1943 413

Sylvester Q. Cannon Passes Dear Sir: Urgent: Winter Coal Supply

bill of for the a I herewith board send illness several a serious of"CollowingMtMCHMSMl is being urgent appeal by made An during guards which had and was months, death to came May 29 officials, coal government pro- I it Elder policetheir will a "V* in stay esteem Nauvoo.

Sylvester Q. Cannon, 65, of the Counfavor if you will dispose of it in such a ducers, the railroads, and coal dealers

cil of the Twelve. An article to be pubmanner as to secure me the amount soon, for all churches, schools, public buildlished in the Era will pay tribute for I am very much in need of it. I am, ings, homes, and all those who use coal

to Elder Cannon's long service in the dear sir, yours respectfully, as a fuel to store their winter's supply

Church as apostle, presiding bishop, Emma Smith. now. Immediate action should be

president,mission president, stake and taken. Historians the of Church A search into his distinguished the career enof the bishops, use concerned For is office other that there reveals nogineering civic profession numerous and fuel their chapel supply, with the Prein signature the of Church Smith Emmaappointments. also (See page 416.) siding Bishop's Office has prepared sugthis of archives, increasing the value

gestions storage. on coal Bishops may find. latestWashington Stake Good Will

request. receive copies on

letter in the collection is adAnother recently pre- a program A copy of

L. C. Bidamon, to Major"who sented the of members by Washdressed New York Stake Food Program the husband later became of Emmaington, at the D.C., Stake Cheverly

Community Church, Maryland, has Smith, from his brother. It contains HPhe following quotation from The

been received from Ezra T. Benson, some interesting facts relative to the Skyline, New York Stake bulletin,

stake president, as a sample of numergathering of the mobs who opposed the over the signature of the stake presious invitations issued the Church in Saints in Nauvoo. dency indicates what Saints in urban

the nation's capital to participate in the There is also an ivory whip handle, centers can do about food services of of other churches. Members said to have belonged to the Prophet Jothe proare facilitating As a group we

stakethe mission are found filling good seph. (bottles to are generally curement of cans

will speaking engagements weekly. Also included in the collection is a be had ), a few pressure cookers, dehydratAmong those who took part in the book of poems by David Smith, son of ors, containers, and a few grinding mills;

in the of wholesale purchase season andCheverly program Mrs. Reed was earliest noted date the Prophet. The

fruits for preserving, of vegetables and and the late of wife SenatorSmoot, Reed of is 9, 1865. Five April in the book wheat. the Council of formerSmoot, member as havare included the marked poems fall, this that the at of as hope end We the Twelve.of All published. of ing previously been will twice as a group, have homemuch we

complete. are the poems last food processed as year: had weO.P.A. Canning and Church

is at where space a premium we these items obtained Elder—that Wood of of the program Church Approval will in in have, envelopes, cellophane bags, of TenGermantown, Luce from Sara fruits or boxes, cartons utilize dehydrated to and permitting Welmembers nessee.

etc., to chard, spinach, suppledesigned periods canneries duringfare program

staples; diet otherwise of mostly a ment for facilities required the are notwhen Participation of the Air Church will in stored have congood we—that expressed has been by workWelfare tainers three or capita per bushels of two invitation the of Broad- "Dy Columbia for the Ivins, directorH. Grant Utah constaples other and fumigated *-* dry wheat will the casting System, be Church Administration.Office Price of sistent regulations; rationing with

net- 1 1, on the Sunday, represented July will colpoints ration In be families no will Utah making be much—that Air. of the G. Marion work's Church cereal; flour of use ground groups andlected home such community from more

the assistant the of Council to Romney, all to will that shifted have more their doing produceproviding and own—and

his will speak. adSubject Twelve, to eating practices careful designed mainwill availtheir sugar be work, and own

strength health tain through a and be, good Shall will dress Have "When Weof application individual toable them on period exfood protracted be when may Peace?"Tabernacle and The Freedom said: Ivins participants. the Mr.of at times to scarce and be pected somewhat will also heard on be Choir and Organ

line in is entirely the with program This so. provithe also counsel seriously We originate will the program, from which letter the of O.P.A. thespirit well as as to clothing of designed and bedding sion

home canning regulations. It is the desire the Tabernacle over radio station KSL withstand periods of fuel shortage with reof our government war agencies to assure in Salt Lake City at 10:30 M.W.T. imsulting cold homes and apartments.

maximum preservation of food.... mediately following the choir's regular

weekly national broadcast. As footnote, there may be added this

Church History Finds line from the stake Welfare committee, the to supply undertaken has which of. collecting the hobby Broadcast Tabernacle TimeThrough

for large labor vegetable farm and a Histhe Church C. Wilford Wood, choir and Tabernacle nP'HE weekly Island at Northport, orchard Long several received torian's recently Office

the heard over organ program hisin interest are of being of gardens unusualitems Church Welfare Dozens has Broadcasting System Columbia stake. the planted Shaking throughouttory.

will hour, onehalf and been advanced "blister rubbing on be hands Sunday may is: bill lodging for special a worth Of a.m., to 10:30 from 10:00 heard be now spirits high. will blister,"to be but in at the NauHouse Mansionguards effective change was The M.W.T. of Smith, wife out voo, by made Emma 6. June date letter the bears Prophet. the This Genealogical Memberships in or uniform Service women men the of martyrthe 27, 1844, dayof June desiring the attend be to broadcast must 7V Fielding issued notice Joseph by in Smith Hyrunl of and Josephdom fifteen beat minutes Tabernacle the president, F. Smith, Archibald and bill this Smith In Jail.Carthage Emma broadcast. fore time of the the secretary, Bennett, of Genealogical the Captain and General addresses Dunn

Singleton and sends bills for the Society of Utah, advises that every amounts of fortyfive and fiftythree Primary "Mail Convention"Church member desiring to become a dollars "for dinners, breakfast, supper, A "convention by mail"to replace member of the Society will hereafter lodgings and feed for horses of 40 men, the usual convention held during be required to submit with his applica46 men, 30 men, 10 horses, etc."To June, which has been canceled for the tion for membership, either annual or

this she attached the following note, adduration, will be conducted by the Prilife, a written character recommend dressed to General Dunn: mary Association during August. from his bishop.

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "RECREATION IN THE HOME"Students at the Star Valley Seminary, Afton, Wyoming, have planned and conducted their own social activities within the seminary during the school year.

They have frequently presented sacrament meeting programs and followed them with Firesides after the pattern of the M.I. A. Principal Ray L. Jones sees this

selfdirected activity as practical leadership training.

Student officers are shown here with the booklet, "Recreation in the Home,"Church publication, which they consulted regularly in planning their seminary social program. They are, left to right, Darrell Hoopes,

Dale Call, Delworth Gardner, Dawna Pringle, Phyllis

Chadwick, and Jeanne Stock.

*Y'President at Food Parley for Iran

JT\r. Franklin S. Harris, president of

Brigham Young University went to the international food conference at

Hot Springs, Virginia, in midMay at the invitation of the government of

Iran.

Other delegates representing Iran (Persia) were the Persian minister in

Washington, D.C., and two Iran trade

commissioners in New York City.

Liberty Ship "Joseph Smith"HThe S. 5. Joseph Smith was launched of the Parley's Ward as second counCorps Aviation Training Base, Kear>

selor. is Eldredge the bishop Jay new ney Mesa, at p.m., on 6:30 Tuesday at California, Richmond, on May of Parley's Ward. 7. Warehouse as 22, the of part observMaritime Day

in the Sugar Wards Stake House inances the area. Francisco San Bay Relief Society Board include Member the Edgehill, Wasatch, Sugar President Hilton the of Eugene OakHouse, Emerson, Bryan, and of president Mountain the Bolto, M. Agnes land President Stake S. and Howard wards. r* View Relief Granite Societies, Stake has the of Francisco StakeMcDonald San

in remaining Wards the Highland been to appointed the Relief Society represented the Church spoke and Stake are the Stratford, Highland Park, general board. briefly at the ceremonies. Music was Parley's, Imperial, and Park Avenue furnished the by Richmond Ward Bishops, Presiding Elders wards.Choir.

First "Durley Burley Stake, Ward, August 17, 1942, the S. S. BrigOn *-* Institute Logan Director Earnest R. Blauer succeeds Levi Earl another Young, Liberty Ship,ham was Oliverson. I"*\r. recently Daryl Chase was aplaunched in southern California. Springdale Burley Stake, Ward, Wesley *- pointed director Institute of the of L. Hurst succeeds Gareld S. Marchant.Sugar Stake House Religion at the State Agricultural Utah Willard Elder Stake, Apollos Ward, Box

Cugar House, one hundred fortyCollege, Logan, by Dr. Franklin L. B. Taylor succeeds J. Wesley Perry.

*-'fourth in the Church's roll call of West, Church commissioner of educaMcGill Ward, Nevada Stake, J. Leo

tion. sustained acting Beckwith to sucbishop succeeds Dr. He Thomas C.stakes, organized 16, was a by May ceed T. Lewis. Eugene is retiring Romney, after directing whodivision the of Highland Stake. Pocatello Stake, Inkom Ward, William affairs of that Institute for fourteen first Wheeler, Thomas former M. Keith succeeds Clark Cornwall. LaVern in years, it time which has the becomecounselor in the Highland presiStake St. Stake, Albert Joseph Ward, Eden largest Institute of Religion operateddency, sustained Carpenter as president P. succeeds was the of Walter Haggard.

new Sugar House Stake, with Mark E. by the Church. Fourteenth Ward, Salt Lake Stake, EdPetersen and Bishop Casper H. Parker win J. Cowley succeeds Joseph E. Richards.

ton Farming Stake, South Davis Ward, Diego Service San Men's the Centerof Edgehill as counselors. Ward Fleet E. H. Gordon succeeds Van JohnElder Petersen released was from the Diego Stake's reception Can new Walsh.

Sunday School general board to become center for L.D.S. service men was Eureka Ward, SantaquinTintic Stake,

first counselor. opened May 21 at the North Park Marvin Milton Witt succeeds Clarence G.

At the same time the Mountain View Ward, 3715 Tenth Street, San Diego, Hogan.

Victor Stake, Francis C. Ward, Teton formed from the parts of wasWard according to Chaplain Boud, John W.

Gillette Lauritzen. succeeds Delos J.Parley's the Edgehill and wards. Paul the of Jr., 11th District. Naval

Clifton Stake, Emmett Weiser Ward,A. sustained bishop. Newmeyer as was for Meetings service in addition men Isaac succeeds Beutler. Laney Heber President Stayner Richards was reto those in the announced are Era May Sixth Stake, Logan Aubrey Ward, Logantained as president of the Highland also being at now conducted the U.S. H. succeeds B. Parker Fred Baugh.

Stake, with Carl C. Burton, former secNaval Air Station, North Island, on Logan Twelfth Ward, Logan Stake, Wilond counselor, sustained as first counMonday at 6:00 p.m., Chaplain's Ofliam I. Owen succeeds J. A. Meservy,

selor, and Bishop Franklin J. Murdock fice, Room 2; and at the U.S. Marine River Heights Ward, Logan Stake, Leo

H. Barfuss succeeds Lewis J. Bowen.

Mountain Home Ward, Moon Lake vS:f Stake, Lorin Stevenson succeeds E. Rue

Miles.

Vermillion Ward, North Sevier Stake,

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY MAY HOME 17, SidneyEden BastianWard, OgdensucceedsStake,ClaudeLeonardB. Payne.Full1943, AND LEAVING 22, MAY

1943 er succeeds Charles Alex Hogge.

Left to right: Elizabeth H. Spanish Fork Fifth Ward, Palmyra

Clark, Director B. Don Colton, Stake, John F. Warner succeeds Arthur T. Eunice J. Hadley, James A. Ott, McKell. Frances and Jo Wadsworth.

Mrs. Clark and Mrs. Hadley

are going out join to their husIndependent Branch bands, in already field. the

Avondale Branch, Phoenix Stake,, jtA was organized on April 18.

{Concluded on page 447)'JULY, 1943 415 dihfiLaL in the minds of some who have once been ashamed

SylvsL&i&h. Q. QannofL of faith.

There is no one who has sincerely pursued the

Cylvester Q. Cannon lived a full life. That search for truth, religious or scientific, physical or

mitigates the grief of his apparently untimely spiritual, but who knows that beyond lie infinite passing. worlds yet to be discovered, and infinite truths

He was of noble pioneer stock. His clear and yet to be revealed. And so, great minds are becomvigorous intellect, operating in many fields, was ing proud of their faith and humble in their dishighly trained. His capacity and devotion were excovery of God. And when all the superficialities

emplified by his superior work in engineering, in of our thinking have faded away, when all of our business, and in Church work. quibbling about definitions has been settled, and

With his capable, devoted wife, and their sons when all of our confusion about terminology has and daughters, he lived an ideal family life. The been reconciled, we may come together somechildren were taught high ideals, and were trained where along the journey ahead, knowing that our

for worthy, effective living. seemingly fundamental differences are not fundaThe record of his Church service is enviable. As mental at all, as men, no longer vain in their gropmissionary, mission president, stake president, ing wisdom, humbly approach the Source of all

presiding bishop, and apostle, he was dependable, truth, and come to know the reality of the Lord progressive, always conscious of the great spiritual God, the Father of us all. R. L. E.

possessions and the divine destiny of the restored of Christ, Church JhsL TTbflL 4.

// life at many points and always well. He touched

The Church will miss his wise counsels, his "2b>nifL CLmofuj Jhiswsi&l steady pointing to the right, his fearless defense of truth, his kindly guidance of the helpless. '"There is an oftrepeated scene in the drama of

is over again that over played and human understand. not do taken he was we now Why often that been has the scene through of God. the question not affairsyears—a ways must We like something to a sequence through move find the known children his. wife that may and pray We for accomplishthe this: of combine group men A the Lord. from can that alone come comfort

Sylvester Q. Cannon, in that nearby world, still ment of certain questionable ends. It may be for

lives and labors> the exploitation of some unfair advantage; it may

political activities; of unethical pursuit for the Blessed be his A. W. be memory!—/. investfor of unsuspecting the swindling be it may

ors; or it may be conspiracy for the domination of

Sohstfanq, pwwL thsL Ji/t&t a country, or the perpetration of a war, or the subjugation of a world. Ofttimes the schemers swear

QjiaiijqhiA. >. Tbiw JtnowkdgsL themselves to loyalty and secrecy; they combine

with promises and oaths and bonds, and then set

Tt hasence—onesometimeswhobeenhadthoughtread inthatthe arocksman ofof scithe outof success.upon theirInevitably,way, sometimeshowever,to realizesoonera ormeasurelater,

earth, things which, to some, in our limited undersomething goes wrong. They overplay their

standing, have seemed to be in conflict with biblical hands; their victims become sorrier—and wiser; the statement—was a man in whom no faith could be house begins to fall; each one frantically endeavors expected—that he who probed into the unknown to'extricate himself by sacrificing someone else, and

realm of the physical universe was necessarily there ensues a climax of mutual distrust, and beatheistic or agnostic—a man who couldn't reconcile trayal.

the reality of a living, personal God with his obThe myth of "honor among thieves"may have servations as a scientist. It is true there are many some classic examples which would seem to prove

such who must plead guilty to having become enit to be true, but for every one such, there are a grossed in the design while forgetting the Designer million to contradict the theory. Fairweather con-

-—men who, having observed all manner of unexspirators soon become mortal enemies when the tide

plained wonders, 'have, focused attention on the of fortune turns and the saving of heads is the order creation, forgetting the Creator. of the day. We have seen much of it and will see

The investigator in the field of pure science is yet more of it. There is not and cannot be any

apt to go through many phases of doubt and belief assurance of loyalty where a dishonorable purpose in his groping for more light, but the mature conis involved.

victions of these searchersinto-theunknown inThere are no bonds or oaths or penalties, or evitably lead to a recognition of the power of God, secret orders or pledges or threats strong enough no matter by what name they choose to call it. And to hold any combination of men together for long

thoughtful and highly intelligent scholars, having in any unholy cause, in prosperity or adversity. The

sobered from the, drunkenness that came with the only unbreakable bonds in such cases are the bonds first draughts ofV new knowledge, have come to of fear and distrust, night and day-—a fear that

know again that, from the most minute measure of neither rationalization nor barred doors nor bodyenergy to the largest known structure of matter, guards can shut out. And this all men, both young

we do not and cannot understand what is behind it and old, should remember before they decide to set alltelligence—aexcept in termsconclusionof an whichallembracingstimulatessuperiorfaith eveninoutcompanions.upon a questionableR. L. E. course with questionable

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) ) a

this is my body. And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and

gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all of it: For this is my

blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the Evidences and remission of sins. But I say unto you, I will not drink

henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom. (Matthew

26:2629; also Mark 16:14; and Luke 22:1420.) reconciliations

Thenceforth, under the "New Testament,"this has

Jbcviu. (OJu (bo U)sl (pahiaksL d$. ihsL beenacceptancethe typeofofChristmemorialandofobedienceChrist's sacrificeto Christ'sand man'slaw.

It is the sacrament of man's communion with God—

ordinance. sacred Sacbcun&nt? U)ho Should* most

(pjcvdaluL oL ihsL SacJvcwuwL? The restoration of the gospel through the instrumentality of Joseph Smith clarified the use and meaning

A sacrament means a solemn, sacred religious ordiof the sacrament, which through the dark periods of 'f * nance. There are many of them. The sacrament apostasy had suffered many perversions. In the revelaas understood by the Church, and discussed here, is tion on Church organization and government it is dethe partaking of bread and water (or unfermented clared that "the church meet together often to partake

wine) as emblems of the body and blood of the Lord of bread and wine in the remembrance of the Lord

Jesus Christ. Jesus."Further, the meaning of the ordinance is made

clear in set the prayers the to be pronounced upon central figure The the of salvation plan of is Jesus, it is: follow. water which and the bread For is the Christ. the committed supervision of bread To Him

the Plan—from the making of the earth to the final O God, the Eternal Father, we ask thee in the name of

report of work accomplished. His atoning sacrifice thy Son, Jesus Christ, to bless and sanctify this bread to the

makes possible the eternal possession by the spirits of souls of all those who partake of it, that they may eat in reof the membrance of thy body Son, thee, witness and unto O their of bodies. All earthwon things pertaining men

the God, Eternal Father, that are they to willing take upon the to of welfare the earth and its inhabitants are done the them of thy Son, name and always remember him and is through for salvation Him. Every commandment his keep commandments has which he given that them; they

administered by Him. Therefore, all petitions to God, may always have his Spirit to be with them. Amen. (D. & C.

every prayer, should be offered in the name of the Son 20:77.)

Christ. of God, Jesus sacrifice the remember To of Jesus, to accept Jesus divine person accepts for the plan Every who human the as Leader; to keep His are commandments—these salvation accept leadership the must of and Jesus, covethe covenants made; the and is reward the guiding to the nant is of plan. the laws keep Christ acAs companionship the of Spirit. Holy This the of makes

all the cepted attendant the obligations of with gospel, partaking the of sacrament a renewal the of covenants spirit in in deed, salvation and so win man (Moses may at the made time we of into baptism the Church. Thus,

, is ) there: 8-9 5 other and no way. the sacrament by declare repeatedly, we ordinarily

this All explained to was first Father the Adam, man; weekly, allegiance our to the plan its of salvation and

it has and been explained whenever a dispensation new obligations. Thus ourselves keep as we with one Christ

the of gospel has been earth. opened on was Adam our in Elder Brother seeking to the consummate purfurther that taught to constantly keep alive the knowlposes the of Father with respect the to children of men. of edge Jesus His and gospel and man's covenant under sacrament should The taken be sincere with acthe gospel law, offer he should in sacrifices "similitude all it ceptance that of means. partaker should The seek of the sacrifice (coming) of the Beqotten Only of the to cleanse himself all evil. from Otherwise the exFather."(Moses 5:7.) blessings pected realized. not be In the may of words

that time until From onward, Jesus Himself came on Paul, earth, the wherever Priesthood present, was men

But let himself, a examine let man and so of eat that him offered sacrifices in their of acceptance memory of bread, drink that of and cup. that eateth he For drinketh and the Jesus, their of Son and of God, covenants with God. unworthily, eateth drinketh and to himself. damnation ( I Cor. ritual law Mosaic built The and were the offeraround 11:28, 29.)

ing of sacrifices, which were the most sacred parts of the system. (Leviticus, chapters 7-9; Exodus, chapThe statement that "the Church"meet together often

ters 29, 30. to partake of the sacrament, implies that properly it

After the coming of Jesus and His sacrificial death, should be administered in authorized Church gatherings.

it to continued be important to keep alive among men Theor threemeetingare metmaytogetherbe smallin myin name,number,... forthere"whereI will be."two the of the meaning gospel of Christ Jesus and man's

obligations to God. Yet, since the "sinless sacrifice"(D. & C. 6:32; Matthew 18:20.)

authority to administer The the sacrament is posaccomplished, had been the partial old and and law had sessed all holders of by the Melchizedek Priesthood and been superseded law, complete the more by a form new also priests lesser of the Priesthood. by It is customary to of witnessing Christ's place supreme man's and acceptance of Him and His law was instituted. for two persons to officiate, one for the bread, the other

President Joseph F. Smith said: for the water. However, one elder or priest may bless

both emblems, if necessary. (D. & C. 20:76.

It was instituted by the Savior in the place of the law of Early in the history of the restored Church, the quessacrifice to which given was and Adam, continued which tion of in the of the use wine sacrament discussed. was

his children with to the Christ, of days down but which was it revelation "it learned that By was mattereth not what fulfilled in his death, the being sacrifice for great he shall eat shall or sin, ye what drink ye partake ye when sacrifices of the in which enjoined the to given law Adam it if the of sacrament, so that be ye do it with an eye a similitude. edition, were Doctrine, (Gospel 1939 p. 202.)

single glory—"27:2.) Consequently, to my (D. & C.

Shortly before His crucifixion, in an upper room in the uses instead of water Church wine. Should wine be

Jerusalem, ate Jesus His last supper with His chosen used it should be "made new among you."(D. & C.

first tell three evangelists the Twelve. The story. 27:4.)

Matthew says, While only those who have entered the Church can

And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, renew their covenants, yet to avoid singling out children and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; (Concluded on page 447)

JULY, 1943 417 CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

life constantly; our and

in the home. centeredNever a Cross Word were our pleasuresWe dewhile.they willAshavetheythatmarrysameandspiritgo fromin theirus,

By Helen Mating cided our children were the most worthown homes, and live happy, useful lives.

while works of our lives; we concenTn viewing the strange results of some trated our time upon them."

A of the modern misapplied child "But there are several traits your psychology that assures the individual, young people have, that so many are first of all, of having no inhibitions, lacking. How did you train them reone is sometimes appalled by what he ligiously?"Payment for Handy Hints used will be

the event publication. In dollar one upon too. selfasser- did that of over talked extreme "We We discovers—the submitted. idea are with the same that two rights of laws, parents no respects our something done: that had tion no we will receive earlier the postmarked the one

let 'grace'individuals, the said outspoken table; at the but a too other and we returned, ideas the dollar. be can of None

frankness, not infrequently rude and child say it. Each child said a simple but each will receive careful consideration.

selfish. We have seen this happen little blessing. It did something for occasionally to the children of our the child—it gave that child a responsifriends. bility to fulfil, and poise as well as a Why not have Sonny help you grate a

In contrast, when we find a family of deeper religious feeling."dozen oranges and lemons while making

newly grownup young people who are "But how did you keep your children punch? Then dry the grated peel and store

all splendid persons, as well as delightso kind to each other?"in a glass jar. It will be ready for instant

G. M. H Cedar City, Utah. ful collectively, we want to talk to those "Oh, that was something else my use.—Mrs.

parents responsible, and ask them husband and I planned, and discussed. A drop or two of vegetable coloring

what? how? and why? My friend has From the time our children were tiny added to cream as it is being whipped—or

surprise a delightful to cake the "children,"letthree such quarrel lovely grown never one of them tots, we for Rid- N. H. L in their I the others nineteen, other.youngest the with explained to children'sicing—provesdesserts.—Mrs. them

twenties. As a sensible parent, she is that home was all the place in which dle, Oregon.

worthy of notice. we had to live—that daddy and I A lump of sugar placed on cheese will

rear such a charming couldn't it spoiled for cross did you have us by "How and prevent mildew keep it fresh.—/. S.,

If thoughtful quarrels. family?"there Canada. a Sherbrooke,and Quebec, words and was

"My dear, I believe it was not much spat, I stopped it before it had a good For grease spots in light material rub in different from the raising of many other start; and the one to blame had to apoloeither cornstarch or clothes starch thoroughfamilies. I fed them simple nourishing gize to the other. Sometimes they ly and then brush it out. The grease spots

food at proper and regular hours; I didn't want to say they were sorry, will come out with the starch.—Mrs. /. T. /.,

saw that they were sensibly clothed; but I always stuck to my point and Monte Vista, Colo.

and I kept them clean and well."saw that the apology was made. And To mend a small hole in an aluminum "That isn't what I mean—I'm speakthen they were happy again. Somekettle or pan use a silver colored dress clasp,

ing of character development. How times, after the one at fault had said, placing the insert part through the hole and

did you shape and strengthen the thing 'I apologize,'they would take hands the clasp on the opposite side. Heat the

slightly, place on a panthat laugh dance as though around and becomes the individual—the perand clasp the tap the flat withsonality?"piecehammer.—Mrs.of wood and lifted been those a burden had from

"Yes, I did think of that, and so did very young shoulders. It helped them E. R. F., Firth, Idaho.

my husband. We planned it together. to be unselfish, to consider the feelings Dip the thermos bottle cork in paraffin

it absorbing to prevent from odors which others, babies into to kind."build of our wanted to grow and upWe

other might milk or that liveindividuals "I beverages.—Mrs. to speak noticed they never be ready have would who

City, Okla. W. taintK., Oklahomain other, as with other people. sharply a so to each world many E. many

First of all, we made companions of our brothers and sisters do,"Clever inside window boxes for flowers children. We didn't leave the rearing "No, we never have a cross word the year round can be made from onepound

the or boxes. fivepound cheese botTo that third toof are house. party; they our stayed in a them And now we

the nailed large are of thread tom box reared, of ourselves. are thoughtfulclose deeply they to them

legs. to act as spools Painted or cream

all let as at times, as other well each thereby fun, and them be our "We stenciled transcolorful green and with darkgrew very close to them. We took thoughtful of their father and me. It fer design, or covered with discarded bits

walks with them, played games with used to take time, diplomacy, and very of bright wallpaper, they make attractive them, and talked things over with them. much patience when they were small; flower containers for any room in the homeWe didn't take ourselves off to movies but I know now that it was most worth—Mrs. D. L. S., Coraopolis, Pa.

/ //rM/VKS, P#l/

MAKE ALL YOUR WASH LOOK

Abso/ufelyfAULTLESS

5*-10*-25*-AT YOUR GROCER'S

LIFE MATH '4(/MOR'/by&4 the Borden Cow

By Josephine B. Nichols

HELLO, POP.'- I'M HAVING AN OLD

Cervefrom the"Healthfor-Victory"garden as suggested bymealsthe HOSPITAL CHUM FOR DINNERfollowing menus and recipes: PICK UP A COUPLE OF CANS OF

Breakfast BORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILK, cantaloup jelly omelet WILL YOU/"whole wheat toast butter milk

Lunch potatoburgers sliced tomatoes enriched bread butter peanut butter crunchies iced chocolate milk

Dinner combination salad, French dressing ham and noodle casserole buttered beets cornon-thecob "90minute"rolls butter peppermint ice cream

Potatoburgers 1 pound hamburg 2 cups coarsely grated, unpeeled potatoes 34 cup grated onion \ x/j teaspoons salt 34 teaspoon pepper Yi cup chopped green pepper 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 34 cup shortening Combine hamburg, potatoes, onion, pepper, and seasonings and mix well. Shape

into patties. Fry patties in hot shortening

until brown on both sides.

Ham and Noodle Casserole 2 cups chopped, cooked ham 1 4-ounce package noodles 1 egg, beaten 34 cup evaporated milk J4 cup water butter 1 tablespoon no shortage noodles in boiling, salted water unThere's Cook til tender. casserole in Grease put and QUALITY

layersalternate of noodles and ham. Top on A-1

with noodles. Combine egg with milk and

-water and pour over noodle mixture. Dot

hotwith butter. moderately in a Bake

(375 F.)oven minutes. for about 30 It is sfiictly A-1 in every respect.

Peanut Butter Crunchies

shortening cup 34 may sometimes Youyou butter peanut cup 34 this of out grocer your find sugar, firmly packed cup brown 34 keep But item. tablespoons 6 honey popular

1 egg well beaten watching! Your grocer

milk teaspoons134 share! his have enriched 1 cup to shortcut flour iUJ will for a And salt teaspoon 34 shortbiscuits, lightest soda teaspoon the 34

Blend shortening and peanut butter until cake, or meat pie topping the well mixed. sugar gradually. Add Add

Stir well. in slowly, blending honey the vouit's everGlobetasted—be"Al"Biscuitsure

flour, Sift milk. measurebeaten egg and

and sift again with salt and soda. Add to Flour.

creamed mixture. Drop from teaspoon onto 1

greased baking sheet, placinq two inches apart. Bake in slow oven 325 F. for 1518

minutes. Makes 3J4 dozen cookies.

Peppermint Ice Cream 2 cups milk GLOBE 1 cup chilled evaporated milk candy peppermint pound Yl sticks BISCUIT FLOUR 1 gelatin unflavored tablespoon 2 tablespoons cold water Soak gelatin in cold water. Scald milk

(Concluded on page 420) JULY, 1943. )

Cooks'Corner Two Unidentified Men

gelsticks. peppermint grass. and dissolve like distance the Add it looked From

it thickens whip LINENS FEWER atin; (Concluded from page 419) (Continued from page 410) and then cook until field grain. a green of waving But

chilled until fluffy. evaporated Whip to be milk proved marshland, unsuitable as

mixture. stiff fold into peppermint and FOR DURATION until it for the site a city. freeztray place in freezing into and Pour

ing compartment. Stir at 30minute interThey camped at 4:30 p.m. within

vals for the first two hours. Requires about two or three miles of their final destinafive hours. tion. Had they known, they could easily

have completed the last lap of their

Prudence journeythat he "found"that day.theOrsonwagons,Prattapparentlyrecords

( Concluded from page 404 to his happy surprise, encamped in the

Her heart pounded. Then she found valley.

she didn't have to say anything. She The explorers'camp, according to

just looked at him out of big, blue eyes Lyman Curtis, was located near the

AVOID THIS EFFECT OF IMPROPER BLEACHING fringed with black lashes, and that was present Temple Block, probably just enough for William. east between the two forks of City

linens used, properly keeps PUREX, for indebted to Creek. him thought. bad, she wasn't so Dancing We are

last as long as yet snowy, lets them the information early that the it, next oh, just a liked rather fact she if no In bleach were used; or longer because little, of course! morning, July 23, the main body of PioPurex saves rubbing. When refreshments were served, neers arrived in two divisions. One

PUREX is the ControlledAction William sat down by her. And, strangedivision came about an hour ahead of

other. the first, Apparently life the or first time in her for the enough, Bleach—Gentle to linens ly

smaller, to the vanguard camp, came with you,"thank she could say, "No,

Made by the exclusive Intrafil Process, no regrets, to a second offer of ice and the other one camped a half mile every bottle has the same strength, cream. or more south on one branch of City

same bleaching speed. This Controlled Creek. There seem to have been two

Action means Purex, used as directed, JLhe party was over. Prucamps established from the first. Presiis never too weak or too strong.It's safe! dence said her "thank you's"easily. dent Young and party arrived the secThere was no constraint on her part. ond day, July 24, shortly after noon.

The boys and girls walked out on the His party seems to have turned to the porch. right at the mouth of Emigration CanThen William was at her side. "I'd yon, and to have taken a course directly

like to walk you home,"he was saying. toward the chosen site. They seem to

Prudence smiled at him, and they have located at the south camp. Howwalked side by side down the sidewalk. ever, on July 27, President Young and

A "BEAUTYBATH"THAT DISINFECTS, TOO! A rock lay just in front of Prudence, some others moved to the north camp.

see it. she didn't even to tile, but sparkle surprising Purex gives according camp, The first to Lyman

the reached They linoleum. porcelain and Removes Sanderson front Curtis, seems near to have been made William and Prudence gate. Both the tile! stains. between Cleans even the reasonBlock. This seems Temple

gate. leaned on the William it acpaused. leaves things important, More able. that this It is unlikely exploring

smoothtell that a lot "I could you were after daily hospitalclean. tually Use

as as soon er than any of them Disinfecting cleanup, following easy I saw partylocationwhichwouldhadleavefoundit anandacceptablego elseDirections on label. At your Grocer's. you."to establish where a camp. Howard Prudence swallowed hard. Then a "After 1847): (July 24, Egan writes

tearing white little black dog came and leaving the canyon about two miles, we tail frantibeat the house. His around sight of the other a came in camps

sight on of Prudence cally caught as he the to miles uses the west."few He PUREX gate. CLEANSER DISINFECTANT side other of the the plural term "camps."Wilford Woodlittle felt of nos- a BLEACH THE wave Prudence tZM&/-7&te?C ruff light subject. this throws on some

her. over sweep GENTLE TO LINENS talgia location, idea us of the an He gives

said William, "Well"small or streams""maybe I can which upon "two was call you later?"City Creek, and the time the first camp

ears. in looked her She exploded.. at us."follow: His words mit Prudence felt as though a bomb had was made, which was "two days before oiter little for reassurance. the Then puppy COMPLETE A

After gazing a while upon this scenery, to William, turned "Well she back SERVICE ENGRAVING

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest maybe,"she said. we moved four miles across the table land,

Catalogues to the valley the of our encampment she into as gone William soon was As Attention Prompt Mail Orders Given before arrived brethren who'days had two

I didn't in mind house. the raced "And of us. pitched the had upon banks They CO. UTAH ENGRAVING all,"told mother; at her she party St. City, Salt... 113 Regent Lake Utah the of water. streams pure two small

"of course William got a little silly at the last, but it was all okay—I mean It seems that both forks of City

all right."Creek were camped upon. On July

The New Edition of She pulled on her faded blue shirt and 28 Brother Woodruff speaks of the shorts and tore out of the house. "north camp,"and on July 29 he states

Prudence was perched on a high that the members of the Mormon BattaTHE WAYTD limb of her favorite tree thinking, when lion, who arrived that day, made their PERFECTION her mother called her in to the evening camp "between our two camps."The

now off the press meal. "I guess parties are kind of fun,"streams played an important role. City

$1.25 she admitted to herself as she climbed Creek divided at the mouth of the candown out of the tree. yon into two streams. One flowed west

THE BOOKCRAFT CO. Just before bedtime, Prudence went along North Temple Street. It crossed

P. O. Box 63 into her mother's bedroom and borand recrossed the street three times

Salt Lake City, Utah rowed her curlers, and painstakingly and emptied into the Jordan after wound up all of her straight, black hair. uniting with other streams south of the

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TWO UNIDENTIFIED MEN Fair Grounds. The other branch of T'he story of Lyman Curtis and Levi and devotion typical of all that vanCity Creek flowed south (or west of x Jackman, who lighted these early guard of pioneer men. Certainly Brigfires thesouth) diagonally valley, through in the only episode an down forms it. are told recognized Young ham We

Statetier of blocks in Street and Pioneers. between the the of moving drama this thereafter did that they meet never

Street. fitting Street It crossedMain that But should they Main it was have great man but he held out a warm hand rannear the building Post Office that for early tended and beacon, they were

west and south, joining Emigration and themselves examples of warm friendof affection, or encircled them in his

Parley's creeks after their merger. ship and loyal devotion, a friendship strong arms in brotherly love.

OyLthsL&ooL flcudc RELIGION AND HEALTH FINDING YOUR WAY IN LIFE THE DAY MUST DAWN (Seward Hiltner. The Macmillan (Edited by Sidney A. Weston. Associa- (Agnes Sligh Turnbull. Macmillan ComCo., New York. 1943. 292 pages. $2.50.) tion Press, New York. 1942. 134 pages. pany, New York. 1942. 483 pages. $2.75.)

$1.50.) first half of this a book is clear and its locale Pennin western story, withThe This

discussion in comprehensive religion of in the 1775 year sylvania and followThis symposium from the pens of the the field of mental hygiene. The latter half great men and women of our generaing, becomes a dramatic episode from

is devoted to the methods of applying this tion has great value for the youth who are woman's life in the early days of our counknowledge by the ministers of the several casting about for their places in the world try.

theirChristian churches. Dr. Hiltner believes that places. for those preparation and centers story Murray, Martha around Thethe is contributions religion of health criticism to are could only one which There son, Violet, her daughter her adopted and

the significant refunctions fine of offered offered most theamong material be very the of dreams Martha McConnell. Hughligion, thesis is is that here, content, the criticism that of and not a upon and book will she her daughter send when day away

itwritten. is in suggestions Valuable In of discussing emphasis. merely one appear to frontier softer the the harddriven from

all of the chapters. friend, eleven the matter of chapter keeping a on making and The life this plots east. the of she and end To healthmental education Slattery and impormakes quotes Margaret a young woman to events plans, take unexan only have

alltant for reading that that with certain concerned says reason a one who who turn. pected

the of is the welfare will friends that he coming not A, young man make W. arerace.—/. story runs concurrently romantic The will drink. the not quotation Concluding

MEN BEFORE ADAM the author says, "And she is right. The with the history of the part the frontier

(Anne Terry White. Random House, young man will be obliged to change his played in the winning of the Revolution:

New York. 1942. 305 pages. $2.50.) standards if he desires to seek friends and the activities of Daniel Boone and George

There have been many finds in recent win popularity in that particular office Rogers Clark.

years, skulls, jawbones, teeth, pictures group. Such stories as this awaken in us a deep

in caves, etc., that lead to the conclusion "The present generation of youth finds appreciation for the heritage that is ours.that manlike beings lived before the present the struggle between personal standards and—M. C. /.

desire the natural finds, forraces friendship of men. the history a and These constant THE ART OF WORLDLY WISDOM strain their aside thoseof standards puts discovery, in and often are here described

most readable style. The story of the men in favor of the opportunity to make friends. (Balthasar Gracian. Translated from the

Jacobs. Spanish Macmillian by Joseph finds, that friendships the has experience their labors, proved Yet struggles,who made

1943. 196 York. New neither Company, successes, standardsand give based are on lowered a delightful touch human

pages. $1.50.) satisfactory norto every permanent."the of page book.

Readers who are interested in this phase Some young people may read the first Balthasar Gracian expounded these bits of man's search, will find here a brief but part of the quotation and feel that the of wisdom three hundred years ago.

feels question that the authorcomprehensive of the survey young man in is stable that his reflecSo human nature his should standards, ofhaps all needed change which for a general knowledgesubject—perof tions applicable are as today as they were

the subject. One does not need to accept course the author does not mean at all. when he gave them to his compatriots. So

the conclusions of the author—they are not More careful editing would have safeguarduniversal is the truth incorporated they arewell supported—but the facts are reliably ed this mistake which might prove serious pertinent to peoples of other languages andpresented. The book is beautifully printed for many young people.—M. C. /. ideologies. For quick pickme-ups in the

and this field of philosophy, is an ideal book illustrated.—/. A. W. HALF A HEMISPHERE companion. C. M. J.DAVID (Delia Goetz. Illustrated. Harcourt, pocket

(Duff Cooper. Harper and Brothers, Brace and Company, New York. BRAZIL UNDER VARGAS 1943. York. 292 pages.New $3.00.) 278 pages. $2.50.) (Earl Loewenstein, Macmillan Company,

the greatest in characters history writtenA mong book was by a woman who 1942. pages. $2.75.) 381 New York, This** that of shines David with is unquestioned staff the of the on Washington

of political professor book by alustre. of the statesof most capable One the of reau BuThis Policy Foreign Association and

men, he combined the seemingly contrawho has lived in many of the Latin Ameriscience and jurisprudence at Amherst dictory qualities of poet and soldier. Duff can countries whose history she has so College gains prestige as an unbiased, thorCooper, who has proved his ability in precapably written. Beginning with the story ough study of the great country which reviously published biographies, does excelof Columbus, she relates the fascinating cently became our ally. The author has

fair in his tried to be absolutely and stateslent in maintaining the Biblical work of "half in story story a hemisphere"more than "... if this claim introduction, author can creatingand a deeply satisfying, stimulattheir struggle against despotism toward

ing biography. While it is true that nothing freedom. Young and old alike will find anything for his book it is that he was neithcan reach the magnificence of the Bible in this stimulating, informational reading. er corrupted by the courtesies of the governits beauty and force, this story will give M. C. ]. ment of Brazil nor prejudiced by the pro-

a fresh impetus to a rereading of the oriTHE LITTLE PRINCE groupstestationshe ofinterviewedits opponents,"carefully.both of whichginal.

SaintExupery. (Antoine De entirely not agree the with Some may

Hitchcock, and New York.Illustrated. carefullyBeginningtraceswiththe earlybackgroundBrazil,ofthethe writerBrazilvindictiveness gives the Reynal the author which to

Prophet Samuel in his making and unmak1943. 93 pages. $2.00.) which we would like to know better.

ing of King Saul, but they will be pleased ALTHOUGH ostensibly a child's book, most The author has treated the material under with the careful delineation of the Prophet grownups will feel that there is gentle five headings: Looking Backwards, The

Nathan. One cannot help wondering also irony and deliberate malice in this story of Constitution of the Estado Novo, The Deif the phrase "a certain impudent selfcon- the little prince who knows that "children fense of the State under the Vargas Regime,

fidence"can be entirely vindicated in speakshould always show great forbearance toPublic Opinion Management and the Dying of the youthful David. ward grownup people."namics of Social Life under Vargas, and

But the book itself is gripping reading This is a new kind of Gulliver's Travels, The Balance Sheet of the Regime.

and will be a welcome addition to those for in this one, a child travels to show up This book, by a trained person, is a welwho love the story of the shepherd lad who the various kinds of adults who have clutcome addition to the books on the South became a true statesman.—M. C. J. tered earth. M. C. J. American scene.—M. C. /.

JULY, 1943 421

Eloquent Chairs from S&Jwsl iPdbu di&alihfyuL Zion Canyon Country ( Concluded from page 405 ICTORY Europe and America. I even found / one with arms in the Anne Hathaway cottage near Stratford in EngERAGE land. I found them in Italy with

four sections in the back. When I

asked Dorothy Canfield Fisher in

Today's strenuous activity wartime demands good health health... good steady Arlington, Vermont, for the best demands

nerves... so drink MAID-O-BARLEY. absosouvenir to carry away from her nalutely of free caffeine and other harmful intive state, she told me of a factory

... gredients of your precious Takes none

ration stamps. in the town that made good reproductions of Vermont Windsors and

Vermont ladderbacks.

MAID-O-BARLEY seumsIn Rockyyou areMountainconstantlypioneerrunningmuAT YOUR GROCERS across ladderback, rawhidebot- tomed chairs, side by side with solid

WISDOM FOODS woodseated rockers. In Grant's

150 Pacific Ave. Salt Lake City Pass in southern Oregon last summer I found ladderbacked, rawhidebottomed chairs that must have been

"&. -lV & broughthundred overyearstheago.OregonIn thetrail littleone

town of Toquerville, Utah, I found rawhidebottomed chairs that had had their rockers cut off as the chil- "MILK WHITE"EGGS... dren grew up and were in danger

of running into them.

... are recognized standards of dependable, choice All these chairs have the ladderback family resemblance and the quality from coast to coast. They are especially imrawhide bottom, but none the hyperportant now... at home and at the front... for good durable rawhide bottom made by

food is vital to victory. Sam Gifford, whose chairs were a

wedding present in 1865 and lasted

Look for until 1935, when their bottoms were wMILK WHITE"EGGS replaceduprights byanda Graftonrounds wereartist. apparTheir

at your grocer's. They're always ently eternally strong and solid

because an Ohio artist made them

Top Quality and a Utah woman had loved them and given them pioneer strength and pioneer beauty. Now two af them

Utah Poultry Producers'Cooperative Association still stand by a Franklin stove in a 'New England livingroom and are——--————- tr -fr ir ---it—not out of place.

If You are Waiting for someone somewhere to repair or recap your tires or find new tires or tubes for you, bring or send us your tires or certificates immediately.

We have tires for sale and we have rubber for recapping, and we are giving prompt service.

O. K. RUBBER WELDERS

CARL OLSON LKecappmg and LKepatring

Operator 780 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 5-7967

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WBOK*SmU.S.S. Ballard called that some twelve years before, at the

San Francisco, Calif. dedication of the chapel, one of the general

Jt's just over a year now since I heard or authorities foretold that the time would fill this edifice to overwould come when the in of pictured the conone saw men... history flowing. in the makHere wasference forgets issue the of so Era. One

.. ing..eacily, of slips into the existence humdrum

a ship at sea with nothing but memories. In a few days my heart again swelled

colonel approached, who was to I belonged who observed. (they've.. It's notall sobeenmuchsaidthemanywordstimestheybefore)spoke withina strangerme. butA

but the little things one remembers about the corps which inspects the food for the he, "I said "Lieutenant,"a not army. am this seeingthem: emotion break with one

I interested these in but boys am Mormon telling affection for the things ofwhen it Is to possible get from Utah. them more life hishe's rather given which have histo—or to drink? to refuse absolutely They life his togiven the time him; with milk rode one

coffee."the in the help touch missionthat one field, and

feeling to be a MormonIt was atindeedthat moment.an exultant... others the advice gave; knowingand he

through a lifetime of looking to them for Hilding M. Marlowe, Major, V.C.

* * *leadership—and finding it. Those are the

things one gets away from and so learns Hawaiian Islands the to they him. what Era mean And

advice: of brotherly are a bit you it the wise and thanks JUST make who men—onejust to find going or less are more that you it. is Itthe thoughtful brother sends who

your on can and you do what you now own contact. only needfor many our We "The Way Will that are to find are going you want You English, Robert U. S. Navyit. W.

* * * going to be faced with many types of temptations; some are going to be hard to overprivilege the of going through had are going associated the come. to be You with Be Opened Up"I Salt induction]. [before Lake Temple fellows the haven't background had who

Never in my life had I even dreamed of such and religion that you've had. So step The heavy hand of discouragebeauty and wonder as I encountered there. lightly at first until you chase things down ment had settled on Cache Valley.

... The memory of this will remain with and be careful to pick the right friends. Farmers and townspeople who had

me forever. I have acquired a feeling of Don't mind the kidding that you might rehopefully subscribed for stock in the

security that will aid me wherever I go. ceive for not going on a binge or to a redproposed milk condensery had beDunford, A. Rex district. pessimistic. U. S. Army light in find that to the You'll wanted end come Many

* * * will the fellows doubting project withdraw, that the really respect and what you c/o Postmaster you stand for.... would ever succeed.

San Francisco, Calif. Jack McBwan, U. S. Air Corps A mass meeting was called. It

Nineteen hundred and fortytwo for me * * * was a gloomy affair until Marriner

Merrill, apostle ValCache and W. travel, of adventure, has year been a Field, Randolph Texas leader, ley stood up. have had places, "We of learning; of meetgoingand new

first relike to relate briefly would my said. discussion,""I enough heing people, learning and from them new I flying. of actions Frankand impressions build.. that the. plant and move we ofteaching them. some

first to scared the time death I was up that break ground tomorrow. The we allied the of nations put must We

off the the of being ground, of but will opened be it and way up there. we shalltruth side the—notly, our keep and on The

allied nations as well as the axis nations numerous instruments, the various controls, have an industry that will be a great the of roar the motor. powerful and In benefit to people."the indiindividuals; therefore ofare up made

I brief, fly the afraid ability of to was my I their side. truth asviduals keep must on of tone the meeting The changed.

I ridplane. flying didn't just consider as I likewise. individual do mustan know to deterDiscouragement gave way

ing, flying as actually myself. but the plane I, if time, that are thingsthat at do any built. the plant was mination—and I first the over, half Before hour was was I right, allying to extent thatnot myam forty years ago. Since That was inferiority sick developed and had coman side,self force the the opposite very with this that pioneer time evaporated of plex proportions. second immense The is It I fighting against. our only by am plant, at milk the plant Sego Milk third times the and about were same up its of truth practiceadherence and and milRichmond, returned has many let that the instructor addition with me my posiprinciples in shall that placed be a we lions of dollars to of the people it bit. fly flying of a around minutes Ten of to the designated champions be in Valley milk Cache cream and I tense exhaust me. so would and was foundationfreedom—individual freedom—theas in checks salaries wages, and and strained, cold sweat out come would on metion of democracy. local of supplies purchases and ma- I to take over. glad him have was and S. U. Owen, Lavawn Army is, still terials. It been, has and until fourth day, which This went on my * * * in leader the the a of development I things climax, got brought to a when

Dutch Harbor, Alaska thoroughly sick. At this point I was ready dairy industry in this region. Its

products, Sego Milk, improved in I to up. really give didn't dehave much of [at close the leave a home took my light the of little left fly. sire to instructor a had My I*["service evening Christmas was Day]. latest scien- I talk told to with and would have me me spirit the of the withso Lord overcome tific knowlrelax. that said with anyone common He feelthe the occasion, comfortand and and e, in- e d g sense, ordinary judgment, brains good and cleanminded, ofing associating such with cluding enfly. rest that could of night and day The I faith,cleantalking hardly of own men my ric h ent.. m I lot a thinking. of did powerful Many I in subzero weather, andknew was my with sunall experiences.mind, passed through my the soul sweet andmind were on and God shine Vitathe will to the with a same do moral—that feelingpeaceful Parley pervaded had which irmin by D is in factor the thing biggest perhaps being

... littlePratt's home. is radiation, it. I to able into next got do morning The S. L. Black, Denzil U. Navy in used the plane firm with but with knees a weak * * * homes all I it. that fly determination to going was

Adair, Camp the out"one over "washed my instructor When

Corvallis, west. his students Ore. of able for not being to profirst the following morning Sunday gress referred fast enough, he to myselfTHEarrival in of the contingent from student another comparison. camp and as a He Sego Milk Products Company

Utah, our chapel in town was crowded to told the fellow that it was almost miraculous Originators of Evaporated Milk in the capacity with hundreds of cleancut eager the way I had developed and progressed Intermountain West young men anxious to partake of the sacraafter such a bad start. It will be a long Plants in

ment. Standing room was at a premium. remembered lesson in faith to me. Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

It was a momentous occasion, for it was re- J. Spencer Neff, U. S. Air Corps

JULY, 1943 423 MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOODCONDUCTED BY THE COMMITTEE OF COUNCIL OF THE THE FIELDING SMITH, TWELVE—JOSEPH CHAIRMAN; A. WIDTSOE, A. CALLIS, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES JOHN AND HAROLD B. LEE

SialuL QdwiwuHjul day,Butthouremembershalt offerthat onthinethis,oblationsthe Lord'sand Ss)sdoL&Vnh&dlonsu)XJiA.

thy the sacraments unto High, conMost quarter requorum and group Cecond travel often "Restricted of wartime fessing sins thy brethren, thy unto beand *"* ports collected should after be soon brings A disadthan advantages more fore the Lord.

close the of the of Since June. month vantages. are quorum members Many this shalt thou on other day none And do all changes rebeen have some made, thrill enjoying the of thing, making let now homes only thy food be prepared with

for ports the second quarter should be singleness their heart of that fasting their thy houses, of and making be homes may all the forms, on quesand made new or, perfect, in other that words, thy joy in livable other more ways. Additiontions answered. may be full. al hours spent at home create new actiVerily, this is fasting and prayer, or in vities and new joys of a permanent

other words, rejoicing and prayer. (D. &. nature. Here are a few suggestions:

C. 59:9-14.)

* I 'o maintain the standing committees 2.1. TakeImproveprideyourin homegrowingand yourgroundsWelfare

"* of the quorum, frequent assignments QIoml. 9ndJjujudiofL garden

should be made and reports required. 3. Hang awnings to shade gathering

places around your home of during most "Decause the time a "brief invital contains handbook"The 4. in the joy Take companionship of your meeting activity formation quorum the diwill under comes quorum and on wife family and rection of the class leader, free the sent request to ofbe upon member new 5. Intelligently proper attitudes develop

ficers. often forms his opinion of Priesthood and character in your children

Make assignments which will insure activity by the manner in which the 6. Promote talents of the family members

friendly, helpful letters going to all abclass is conducted. This places serious 7. Invite the guorum to hold a lawn party

sent members of the quorum at least responsibility upon the teacher who at your home quarterly, and monthly to those in the must present the outlined material in an attractive way. Furthermore, he armed forces.

indicate practical must application of TbJbA. pwwL ihsL J>hlcL

the truths of the gospel to the daily life "Pasadena Stake has approximateof the individual member. Supplemently forty acres under cultivation in

al material illustrawell as serve may besides community gardens many home the Sabbath"Remember tions. cease class to the impress Never gardens,"reports Pettit, A. presiWm. to It Holy"Keep Day is that real the a brotherhood quorum dent. has publicity been given Much

is interested in and first each member's welactivity listed for the Per-"HpHE large one thirtyone-acre plot garden fare. sonal department is "LabWelfare the by of Los Angeles 23, Times May

or with quorum members to induce them 1943:

full tithe payers, prayerful, obbeto in thrifty Out East Los Angeles Mormons SstiwksL QIwmPl of the servers of and Wisdom, Word and employees from factory at a Belvedere.".. the (Era, Sabbathobservers day of is started Gardens have believed what is to project that no give HThere would

1942, 730.) p.November, the largest be in Victory garden the United greater satisfaction personal or

this atof year, the season At States. when

is greater of in which importance the at meetings a has sacramenttendance in the Three the of of upbuilding wards Christ Pasadena Stake Church than fall off to the desecrationtendency and are using in to this acres twenty of large for temples the dead. our do work is all universalof but a the Sabbath day garden. Welfare are are yet in the Belvedere There temples thousands They are not thosepractice with making who

, ) ( Bishop Orlin of F. to of receive service the Montebello names men Lamb effort in "valiant the to testimony bean (Bishop that Herbert only living. given Bingham), the be can and by J. it for Personal wellof be Jesus,"would

priests (Bishop Eastmont high E. Paul In one Richardeach quorum visit to committees eachWelfare memis is the Vandershuit undertaking to the secure son ). John garden member effort in to theber of win an quorum adviser. for of one a endowment person week practice the of the observing tohim

either further Times The year one mention of makes actually doing the by day.Sabbath the utilizing is of himself method Mormon employing work what or by someone holy Keeping the Sabbath day raised: it. is to do retain surest of the andone ways to get

Last the year their purchased Mormons Spirit If this suggestion Lord, the ofthe adopted were by which we need plant canning all own and canned 40.000 cans in sorely these Priesthood Satandominated of theso Melchizedek quorums fruits of vegetables. and This year

times. The Lord instituted the sacraChurch, the male names that have long expect to double that amount, or more.they

ment and directed us to meet together lingered there, waiting to be worked for Nothing will be wasted.

often and partake of it in order that by the living, would soon be used up.

our minds might be drawn to Him and Joy on earth and in heaven would folthat we might "always have His Spirit low the labor of the small sacrifice. By "Dride in quorum membership may be

to be with"us. To the members of His this means we might help fill our temmanifested in many ways. For exChurch in this generation He has said: ples to overflowing; and the Lord in ample, the Fifth Quorum of Elders of

answer would shower His blessings the at Stake have placed, Los Angeles that thou mayest keep more fully And people. upon His sheets, of their correspondence the head thyself the world, unspotted from thou shalt

go to the house of prayer and offer up thy Since the names of females are in large letters, the word "ELDER,"in letters the smaller and onsacraments holy somewhat day; upon my it for scarce, necessary be the may

is this verily appointed a For unto day side "Fifth right sheet of the Quorum, brethren the to to without temple go rest labors, to to from your andyou S. Angeles."Manhattan, 1209 Los pay their there wives; but should be no obdevotions thethy unto High; Most

is in jection pride the that, to since comthey quorum are Such engaged shall offered Nevertheless thy be vows up in righteousness on all days and at all in sacred work, essentially a Priesthood mendable. It might be followed profittimes; labor. ably by others.

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Melchizedek Priesthood

Outline of Study, August, 1943

Text: Teachings of the Prophet

Joseph Smith Liquor, Tobacco, and Flying I don't smoke and don't drink and I don't swear either.... In this game, split seconds

LESSON 64 "Clying Officer George F. (Buzz) count.... Smoking and drinking, etc., slows

ace, air reactions are to * Beurling, Canada's and bound your mind has up KingdomThe of God

I've slower. ideas about got be own fighting in my than 1000 hours flown more o/ the Prophet Teachings Joseph Read fighting. Voice, March, 1943) (The at stationed he Malta while was 5156, 271274, 256, serviceSmith, 101, 254, pp.

air fighting in In Mediterranean. the 65:5-6; 367; 105:32;332, Progress D. & C. in are forbidden and Liquor tobacco for 87. 473; there Doctrine, twentynine accounted p. he Gospel p. Man,of

it athletes. college to eneAmerica Would 1. constitutes the of kingdom God visited What planes. he weeks ago Some my

alsoif flyers not all our were be well earth of set up a. Kingdom on God fields in air training Alberta, Canada.

from the days of Adam to present In his visit to the flying schools at total abstainers?

(271): Wherever there is a righteous Lethbridge he delivered a "strong adman who has authority from God to dress to the Air cadets and urged them Why Avoid Liquor?

minister in the ordinances of the to abstain from smoking and drink if are prohibition not Total abstinence and airmen. to is they there good gospel, become hoped the of kingdom God

efin a sane themselves, but and end an neither liquor uses (271,273) tobacnor ace The of the fective attainment towards means If b. oracles the they of not have God co.

fitness, decent spiritual physical and a the are not people they of God this letter his In to young a mother of living higher of plane standard a and (272) his for indicated reasons President Malins, is there of kingdom no God Canadian c. Where abcivilization.—Joseph

: Federation stinence Prohibition World is there salvation no

d. Difference between the kingdom of

God and fruits of the kingdom (273) e. The kingdom of Zion is in very

deed the kingdom of our God and (D. His Christ C. 105:32) &

of and the kingdom f. The God kingVt S HARP fO VELtlVt (Progress of heaven o/ Man, dom

p. 473; Gospel Doctrine, p. 87; D.

65:5-6) & C.

of the kingdom -THAT HES SUCH A SUPE'R VATR/OT 2. Laws

Discuss: 1. Point out the need for laws in the

kingdom of God.

2. Justify the declaration that "all good

and wholesome laws emanate from God."

LESSON 65 The Kingdom of God (Continued) 3. Requirements for admission and advancement

Discuss 1. Show that obedience to these laws

will produce peace, order, happiness, and the maximum personal development.

2. What are the requirements for (a)

admission and (b) advancement within

God's kingdom?

LESSON 66 Man and the Animal Kingdom Read Teachings o/ the Prophet Joseph

Smith, pp. 7172, 291292; D. & C. 77:2-4;

49:1819, 21; 89:1215, 17; Moses 2:2028,

30; 3:5, 7, 1920; 5:20, 33; 6:9; 7:13; Abr.

4:2022, 30; II Nephi 2:22; 30:1215; Isa.

11:6-9; 35:9; 65:25; Hos. 2:18; Ezek. 34:25,

28; Rev. 5:13.

1. The creation of animals

2. Man's duty toward animals

Discuss 1. Does man's dominion over animals entitle him to hurt, be cruel to, or kill them?

2. Explain: "And they (the animals and

fowls) were also living souls."

3. What caused the ferocity of beasts?

When will they again become gentle?

LESSON 67 Man and the Animal Kingdom AMERICAN BUSINESS Mtrtfc (Continued) RESEARCH FDUrtDATlpnOtaao- f00

3. during the millennium Animals

4. Animals in heaven (291292; Rev. 5: "PATRIOTIC"LIQUOR ADVERTISING

13; D. & C. 77:2-4) The millionaire manufacturers of booze know that their business must always have

Discuss: the air of respectability, and in wartime the appearance of patriotism.

1. Interpret this passage: "The spirit of And so they are buying advertising space to tell us how to be patriotic—buy bonds,man in the likeness of his person, as also avoid absenteeism, etc.—but The American Business Men's Research Foundation suggests

the spirit of the beast, and every other creathe simple way to do these things is "just close the saloons for the duration."What da

ture which God has created."you say?

JULY, 1943 425 SEVEnTYTHEWORKOFTH

"Go Ye into All the World."

"\T7hen"the First Presidency sent forth the decision in thirtyeight years in studying the book of Exodus, and many "1936 that every stake of Zion should maintain an ormen have spent a lifetime in studying the Book of Job.

ganized mission, the message was received by all the stake Think what it is to study the First Book of Nephi in the presidents as a clarion call. It meant that many hundreds Book of Mormon. One student has spent many years on

of our brethren would accept the responsibility, and with a the first chapter alone. There is a glorious compensation

more sublime faith in the word of God, would go with the in studying the Church works. They stimulate thought of

divine Light to friend and stranger alike. Like the disciples of the highest order. You missionaries should stir up the gift

old who were sent out into the world after the resurrection within you by transcendent thinking and activity which will of Jesus Christ, so the missionaries of today are sent characterize your lives as high and noble. It is the gift of

forth to share as widely as possible the greatest joy and the Priesthood alone that will make you true Christians.

benefit that God has to give. While they do not leave home Turn your thoughts forward. The gospel has been given

and friends and comforts to wander in strange lands and to the earth again, and the missionary work is the most imface hardships for the sake of communicating the gospel portant activity by far in the Church today.

message, their call is just as divine and just as important.

The splendor of their spirit and the nobility of their achievements have already become known, for thousands of souls pVERY mission president should call his brethren of the have been brought to a knowledge of the gospel. """'mission together on stated occasions for discussion and

advice, and to inspire them with zeal, for it is not only the "matter but the manner, not only the doctrine, but the man,[T[7hen a missionary accepts a call for a twoyear mission that has power. Refer to the sermons which the Prophet

v "at home, it is a sacred promise to God that he will go Joseph Smith or President Brigham Young gave in the early forth with joy and faith to explain the message of eternal days of the Church, and then the sermons of our beloved life. He may fear at first, but at second thought, he recalls President Grant. How they stirred the hearts of men who

the words of Paul the Apostle when he wrote to Timothy: listened to them! When read, one wonders just what it

It that carried people. the voice the was that moved I call faith thee is in was that the unfeigned to remembrance When swift, turbulent, overthe the heart tone of it, in every first thee, dwelt which thy in thy grandmother mother Lois, and

Eunice; and I am persuaded that in thee also. whelming utterance, which aimed to leave no soul unWherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift touched, unillumined, or unmoved. They gave the word of

of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands. God, and the greatest and most enduring satisfaction comes

For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and in one's influence upon individuals; in guiding them, mouldof love, and of a sound mind (2 Timothy 1:5-7). ing them, helping them, saving them. There is no person

help; the living at time not such and need does some who calls to certain during nights of the you go out make As

tact, patience, conadministering with of with it by lies in that week, the value the gift your remember of work mightiest viction, effect of the enduring with and is one spirit it is in gifts done. opportuniwhich your With and

that express. being can a human ties, all classes, converse with you of and men and women

show them how to glorify their lives through the gospel of

Christ. sight,"old teacher, "In Jesus an wrote God's so, the called, missionaries are properly stake and by HThe

is "no or illeducated one stupid or so to unable as weak be * efis just calling as stakes. of divine presidents The

life."find to call the of is key accepted have you The

it if the President ficacious of the as Church were made by something ethical bigger than be can met much any by direct. point in this true kept mind. must This be From or is code of call teaching philosophy. any answer an Your

is ideal, there noble, of something view, somesomething it to love, the giving of God's and nature means your whole ineffably to magnificent, thing rich can even one and who to readiness sacrifice Him. to to The make any make you

it afar. are missionaries All only divine from you who that of capable giving service will worthily characterize

duties at are into to the other called have no home work as "true disciple a the of bit you of Master."work Every meetings, at meetPriesthood except attendance the quorum

is it the doing to best you do of worth your because powers is ings, meetings. important too sacrament and work The will blessed of lives. that dignifies be God. your And You the energies. scattering teaching to not out be your When teach the lesson to meet. teaching In same whomever you

this will intently studying, study gospel, should and be you Israelites, the telling there that began Moses them by was that of time take hours every your week. Remember many in glory the perfectness service of the which gave a man faith anything. in accomplish Christ with can Jesus work in fixing even the relation of tent in a the peg to Tabernacle, and saying that the craftsmen and carpenters were

inspired by the Holy Ghost when they did their best work.

TUfY fellow missionaries, as you accept the call, do so with

L 'A prayerful hearts, for if you are to understand the true "Vou are capable, my fellow missionaries, of doing better meaningspiritual ofpowerthe gospel;that isifwithinyou areyou,to discoveryou mustandpray.releaseJesusthe

work than you have ever done before. To be a mislived a life of prayer. At every crisis, before every decision

is sionary is to teach to be study hard a teacher. To to and that one His disciples came Him He prayed. He made,

think to see. is often over Learning and you read what to pray."us "Lord, teach word: the beseeching day with

very laborious, but you will find that by hard work you Prayer will enable you to submit your own will to God.

will improve and develop your minds from day to day. No Through earnest and constant communion with Him, you

gifts of God can be of avail, without hard work. can rise on steppingstones to higher things. You will be

* * * * blessed with strength for the great work you have to do.

One of the most noted scholars of the Bible, who once "Be loyal to the royal truth within thee,"was Tennyson's taught Old Testament literature at Oxford University, spent fine line to Queen Victoria.—L. E. Y.

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WMHIICPMSIHM—CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY AUGUST, 1943 Should iBsl KsJxL S&pwvalsrfi

held, even be of meetings or reasons the group men rum why young in are present only one though or two Priesthood to attend care not Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS /"\ne do

Chapter VIII: Winning the Older Boy meeting, in many instances, is the teneach group. Some of the finest Priestare being reported group meetings bishops hood to have ward of some Group dency

atboys only one or two elders, the held when the priests with the or meet all tend. should any young who man the deacons, or meet with WhyQuotations from the Text: teachers there are only resides where toin a ward Priesthood of the Aaronic meet

1. If younger boys are difficult to handle gether, or some other combination when two or three of his age group be denied

"Youth—thedue to restless muscles, the older boys there are only a few present in each the opportunities and care he would Group"-—require many group. These objections are registered enjoy if he lived in a larger ward? times as much understanding.

contenthe themselves. Their boys

2. the by heart mother's aches as Many a

is right, in tion be borne and should their forces worldly begin hammering certain way into the life and affections mind by all Aaronic Priesthood leadof her son. ers. Qholknqinq. dbu&idd.

3. Youth is naturally revolutionary. For, The Presiding Bishopric recommends

just as the voice changes, so have that, without exception, separate quocome far more important changes as well. NORMAN FINLAY, a

4. Why do we react with so many obShoreTeacherWard,in theChicagoNoeth

has a this of vious shocks to boys 100% age? Why

at record little is natural so understood growth xjcqL in* (pMJi&tlwDjcL Stake,attendance meeting, Priesthood sane thinking people? and by School, and Sunday

meeting 5. you, a mature man How would

three or Sacramentduring past the feel a with suddenly woman, brand is years. Norman

new set of physical and mental sensavoted to the Churchdeits for and is grateful tions obligations and a cartload of new servfor opportunities thrust and responsibilities you? upon ice.

And you and I have developed minds and know how to evaluate things. The

boy can call neither upon a mature mind nor years of experience. In con- T)riests, teachers, and deacons, having

sequence he is frankly and tragically a one hundred percent attendance bewildered.

record for three at Priestyears or more 6. desires can a boy subdue wrong How meeting, hood meeting, sacrament Sunthis strength gain mental to meet and

newly changed world into which he day School, or Y.M.M.I.A. are invited

has been reborn? The argument is to submit their records and their photoreadily presented. Now a boy needs graphs to the Presiding Bishopric, 40

a Savior, an Elder Brother, a Guide, North Main Street, Salt Lake City, a Rock of Ages.... You can help Utah, for publication in this column. In-

a boy to think through to God as his formation submitted should include:

Maker and Christ as his Savior. full name, age, Priesthood held, and at-

7. You'll fall in love with boys, once you tendance records at any or all of the

inside of see soul one boy's very by HBB9R9&G& or meetings, organizations and above personal contact. apwhat was And of other information which any may be AARONIC PRIESTHOOD, W00LF0RD WARD, will turn parently suddenly a DUTY

interest. ALBERTA STAKE you'll into thank and a PRIVILEGE

God for it! Bishops will be glad to assist young

HPhe teachers and deacons pictured men in submitting their records and to

A above with the ward bishopric, certify their accuracy.Helps [or the Class Leader:

have established an excellent record in 1. Discuss the essential differences bePriesthood activity. According to a rethe teaching techniques tween em- "William submitted M. by Bishop the older in teaching ployed and port

Basil counselors and Glines Barrus and the younger boy groups. Qhsudc SiondoAxL these Pitcher, A. young men Leroy

2. In the light of the above discussion filled an average of eightytwo Priestpoint Qjwuutl GwcUuL of havadvantages out the many

relatively ing ages hood assignments each during 1942. of groups the same

study together. (These will be among They established a one hundred percent fou&idA, Tbiv

the reasons why boys of the deacon's attendance record at quorum meeting, age should not be asked to study with payment of tithing, observance of the /\ne half of 1943 is history. We canthe priests'age group, etc.) Word of Wisdom, and participation in -* not now change the records we

3. Discuss how class forums and discusthe Church Welfare program. have made. We can, however, make

sions assist the older boy group in Each of these young men was a thorough check of them with a view making sound personal decisions. awarded the individual Certificate of to improving upon them in an attempt to

Priesthood their the qualify quorums Aaronic groups received and Award assist these young may leaders 4. How This for the Standard Award. Quorum Standard Award. The deacons Quorum the light of effectively in men most

their own innate characteristics and have earned the latter award for seven matter should receive immediate attenthe problems of the present day? consecutive years. tion.

JULY, 1943 427

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.mmnmm

A WARD TEACHER FOR FORTYFIVE YEARS WARD TEACHERS

The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.

FOR WHAT DO WE LIVE?

Tt is reported that a Latterday Saint father was once asked what his oc-

A cupation was. He quickly replied, "Raising nine sons."His questioner,

thinking the father did not understand, asked again—"But what is your

real occupation?"The father answered, "My occupation is the raising of

nine sons in honor before the Lord—I make my living at farming."

D.HARRISROLLA Contrast the above attitude with that expressed in the following comment written by another Latterday Saint father:

As a tin worker I enjoy my work, and believe that others in different trades get pleasure out of their work even as I.

rjxcEPT for the time spent on three From time to time the Church has contacted me, and tried to get me interested,

I ability talent to in the or but have Church. not the that I have work my'L'longterm foreign missions, Brother

I of that out and I should keep Church do what agency and feel am best own I freefeelHarris has served continuously for for. qualified

fortyfive years as a ward teacher. He

has served in this capacity during the To the former, his chosen method of making "a living"served only as administration of seven bishops. At a means to the end. To the latter, his occupation is both the means and end.

seventyfour years of age he is still enThe former has the "set of his soul"adjusted to eternal values. The latter's

thusiastic in his work among the Saints. kingdom will crumble at his feet with the passing of his life. He will face

His own account of his activities as eternity emptyhanded, with a vacant soul and an aching heart unless he a ward teacher, certified by Bishop experiences a change of heart.

John W. Stoker, Sugar Second Ward, A consuming desire for material wealth and earthly fame blights the

Rexburg Stake, is so full of inspiration soul and corrodes the spiritual intellect. It teaches man to get all and give

that we quote it below and recommend little or nothing. It disarms his potential powers for good. Jesus asked:

its careful study.

For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his

During the fortyfive years I have served own soul?

as a ward teacher, I have never been asked Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul? (Mark 8:3637.)

for my report either by the bishop or ward clerk. I established a rule of doing this The soul which projects itself into constructive usefulness, with vision

work on the second Wednesday of each fixed only on eternal horizons, waits upon the future with breathless antimonth, and have followed that as closely cipation. His day of progressive life is never overtaken by the night of

as conditions would permit. I have never spiritual death. Ever forward and upward doth his trail lead.missed a family-—notwithstanding the fact

that I have been required to make three Latterday Saints: For what do we live?

calls in some cases.

Most of the time I have been given young Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth teachers as my companions. In several corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:

cases I have had Aaronic Priesthood memBut lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth bers over twentyone years of age as my corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal:

companions. of these Most have made

good, expressed and have appreciation for For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also. (Matt. 6: 1921.)

the opportunity.

Before going out on our calls, we have met either in my home or theirs and have gone over the subject matter carefully. his work and to be accepted of our HeavenThis is a very simple and obvious rule,

Afterwards we have gone before the Lord ly Father. We need only do our full duty, one which should not be misinterpreted.

in it prayer, be, in humility asking to inspire whatever and do it our minds may Him inUnder no circumstance is any other heart. bringing to our that honest withby an remembrance which visit in of a ward teacher's the of say, All terpretation us seeking honors have bless men. would not the and toHe I am

people we were to meet and prepare their I want is to do my duty in whatever I am keeping with the rule governing this achearts to receive us that we all might be asked to do, and to trust the Lord to protivity.

mutually benefited. vide the harvest. Some brethren with good intentions

I can say truthfully that although I have > i are still taking credit for a visit when greatly this enjoyed callmission work, my calls residence, at given are a two made

Visit Teacher'sing a Reporting as teacher the greathas Ward ward given me is at either time. but where no one home

thrill life. Iest it of consider a very my that is respectfully suggested infractions reported, are other ward Various Tt I calling.high this holy to and have come "visit rule the credit for given but simple should untake above a teachers noconclusion: does not hunto need go One

dreds or thousands of miles away to enjoy less a visit is actually made in the home. be carefully observed in each case.

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA either at a piano or organ, and note how much more life and buoyancy you will achieve with the rest replacing the dot after each halfnote. This procedure

is correct even for the final note, of

trial there course, is a both ways. OfHYMNS OF THE MONTH Hymns for Churchwide Rehearsal which you may convince yourself by phrase, the last close of retard at the

During July, August, September but the last note is actually held only

HELPS FOR CHORISTERS twoEachbeats.of the four phrases is slightly

By J. Spencer Cornwall PRELUDIAL MUSIC—AN cut in its center with what is technically

Director, Tabernacle Choir and ENDORSEMENT FROM THE called a caesura. The organist is thereMember, Church Music Committee PRESIDING BISHOPRIC fore obliged to observe a "catch"

places. these at breath, short breath, a issue of the Progress recent of Died! Redeemer the GreatJuly: He the is holding about brought by This bulletin directed Church, P.B.O. Careless Isaac Died, Watts, George A their half only notes quarter involved presidents, stake to bishops carand 247, School Songs Deseret SundayNo. cor- a ries following value, by them for the notable and a recommendation

Several of our Latterday Saint official support it lends to the camresponding short rest. This is one of

hymn writers used texts of foreign oripaign quietly but insistently being the secrets of the art of organ playing.

gin. Verses by Isaac Watts, Wesley, carried on to make sacrament meetLet it not be a secret any more.

and others are to be found in many of ings increasingly devotional:

effort to "In an the tone improve of wellour hymns. known The music of of God Our Fathers the service, sacrament the meeting this lovely is well sacramental hymn indications mentioned for the The general Church committee music sugsuited to congregational singing. The gests that during the preludial music above two hymntunes likewise apply

chorister and organist should endeavor at least two members of the ward in this one. Play the music with a certo guide the congregation so that breath bishopric be quietly seated on the tain awe and reverence and majesty to

as to will the at an example of stand taken only the congregaends be powerful of these the grandeur match tion, to preparatory of the beginningphrases. also should a slight be There be the Kipling. sound of Let words the sacrament meeting. PresidThe at the retard phrase. end of each Do it is if pray- a fairly loud bold even and inq Bishopric heartily this endorse thisnot but hurry avoid number, any solid it is a er, for fervent one. a Use It recommendation. is not conducivedragging. sugmarkings dynamic The rethe for legato bass, except played to the best for atmosphere worship

gest an effective interpretation. when the bishopric and speakers are peated notes.

August: O God, the Eternal Fanotplayingfoundof inpreludialtheir placesmusic. during the

ther, W. W. Phelps, Mendelssohn "The playing of soft sacred music

192, DeseretNo. School Sunday Songs Home Night at

of our words The own poet, W. W. ningfor a offewsacramentmoments meetingbefore theshouldbeginbe

vital the part of very a considered for Phelps, responsible so many who is the Braun's leaders service. showing ward With finestof are our hymns, here adapted (Concluded from page 390) will acthe proper example, be much

to great the hymnlike a number from impressivethe to improve complishedmaster Mendelssohn—-"Farewell to the ness of our sacrament meeting."There is an abundance of good music

Forest."To give an effective rendiat our house, judging from the number

tion of this hymn it is quite imperative of recordplayers. Many of us have

that it be sung with all four parts. The started individual collections of classiarrangement of the last three measures HELPS FOR ORGANISTS cal and semiclassical libraries. Our

requires a well sustained alto. The By Alexander Schreiner song fests around the piano are deto ratherMendelssohn music seems be those enjoyable. lightful have and We Organist Tabernacle spirit suitedwell the to of and meaning in leading singing, in talented are and who Church Music Committeethe text. chorister see to Member, should The violin, trumpet, the playing music and

it that the singers keep and several who accompany going—that no He Died! The Great Redeemer Died accordionappreciable pause between be made on the piano.

phrases as is recommended in the This hymn tune is to be played very Many times we invite our investiGeorge Careless hymn for July. When legato. Nevertheless lift the fingers gator friends to enjoy our fireside chats.

it first that so the playing after this chordwell sung impressive. is very hymn will which programs try prepare to We

at neatly. the Breathe repeated be may fine of opinion for basis a give a themSeptember: of Fathers, God Our all singallow phrases, the of ends and sufficithem impress and our Church Kipling, Isaac B. Rudyard Woodbury the breath length of the ers determine to to learn more. to want 283, DeseretNo. Sunday School Songs stanza. in Organists of the the middle retrust the and of mindful are entlyWe for impressive the more will words pedals instruments with play No who us, in is and placed sponsibility which

conditions of today are to be found than find their basses more musical if played as the fire flickers out we ponder the these of Rudyard Kipling, who wrote near the center of the keyboard. The words of Bishop Stanford G. Smith,

this caution to England when she debottom E Flat an octave lower is too uttered on one occasion when he joined clared herself ruler of the seas with her low, and booms too much for a quiet with us in one of our nights at home.

magnificent navy. devotional hymn. Try it both ways and "I feel that this house, just as the

Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet, convince yourself. church house, is blessed and hallowed.

Lest we forget, lest we forget! As long as you live up to your testiThe somewhat simple hymn tune of O God, the Eternal Father monies, the teachings which you know

Woodbury is a splendid medium One important way to make an organ to be true, walking in obedience to the through which the powerful words of sound as if it were a living organism is wise counsel and supplications of our

Kipling may be expressed. It does not to allow it to breathe as singers do. OrSavior, I feel that this family and this

in any way overshadow or obliterate ganists, perfect yourselves in this valuhouse shall never know the havoc of their meaning. The chorister must make able technique by playing this hymn bombs and shrapnel."

use of the divided beat in a most skiltune correctly. Let us say there are In the dimness of the room by our

ful manner to keep the singers together four phrases in this tune, each ending in fireside, we sit and ponder over his and the song moving. The final three a dotted halfnote. These four dotted words, and pledge in our hearts to be

measures must maintain and sustain to halfnotes should each be played as a examples of truth and righteousness, to the end the impressive words "Lest we halfnote followed by a quarter rest. be bearers of this gospel and to live to

forget."Please try it in both ways right now, merit the promise of our bishop.

JULY, 1943 429

SIR WALTER SCOTT, GENEALOGIST

{Concluded from page 407) both slain in the battle,"writes Sir he seemed never to weary of perusing them.

faithCavalier of The "with gentlemen Walter, hundred two of tale Killiecrankie—brave,a of Harden."Through Wat

ful, "Beardie,"romantic old learned a and of of the Douglas. aged his his The father name he motherboth and was countenance determined melancholy but

earl, calamity of at the brokenhearted lineal of "Auld descendant Wat."a repetition of without a never surveyed was

into his retired a country, house and also his de- a mother he wasThrough his of Latin the solitary rhyme Vow. He

scendant of Sir Walter Scott, of religious house, where he died about a had, of course, no portraits of the elder

Buccleuch, Knight, known as "Wicked year after the field of Flodden."heroes of Harden to lecture upon; but a

Wat,"being his tenth greatgrandson. In concluding his summary of Sir skilful hand had supplied the same wall with

the delineation fanciful of of rough a wooing baron, powerful brave a and was character, Scott'sHe Lockhart Walter."

.. "Meiklemouthed Meg. in of streets a inkilled the Edinburgh says:

of sagacious ardent but "goodman The ( also Scott's the Kerrs with feudborder father's father) (Scott's Sandyknowe". all delighted, ) above perhaps Scott himself is to referredancestors death His father, his side the of hangs "Bearded by the to in other approximate as such books,in Minstrel. the the Last Lay of his often in moralizing and when Wat"; for family of character good histories-—as latter his the of condition doubtful over day of and Godscroft's example, Douglas House of the of Branksome Lay Lady The fortunes, Sir ultimate point would Walter Somervilles; the of the Angus, Memorie and third Scott's wife, his pronot andwas 'will to say, "Honest Robin,""Blood and of the his of reprint the "Memorials and."sister. of another agenitor,. but she I was out. yet,"heard him once "And gathis to dust he Haliburtons,"whose now to his the likeness staid say, glancingforefather. of own indications ered, of thousand but a one was

"it father, calculating a wonder, too was his his realize to ananxiety of own own It is Scott that wrote small I wonder for of the in thread attorney have me."a

his imagination. cestry testamentary to No so, Sir for the Field. "elements"doubt, had, he no Tale a Flodden AndMatmion, of in entry a contract, or of instrument deed,

in curiously, as well mingled as were him at fought Buccleuch of ScottWalter him, to register, valueless parish seemed.".. "gently. his lost of kinsmen andFlodden many it if obscure in manner, bore however any

first last ambition worldly His and was I field defeat. bitter have that of history of distant, theon or any personal on distinct himself the to founder of be a dihis ascertainable predecessors. others, of of The twelve thecounted names lasting root, desired to branch; he a plant

fireside furnished the the chronicles of race fell at poet,rect of the ancestors who of of personal fame, not but long dreamt and... talk infancy. to in listened he which 9, 1513, aroundFlodden, September distant in of generations rejoicing the name

their king, James IV, Scott's eighth These studies led by easy and inevitable "Scott of Abbotsford."By this idea all

his province history of the of links to those his his his states notegreatgrandfather. His own reveries—all aspirations—all his native kingdom. generally, then of and efforts, plans and and were overshadowed Scottish battlethat in the that army brighter zeal his and burnt of on lamp The controlled. ambition worldly His was thus ten to eight thou-"lost, perhaps, from his the brighter parchments; dust of amidst grafted feeling that ardent for blood and on the included very that butsand men; vivified pride he hung love whatever and the elegreat kindred redeeming which was

prime of their nobility, gentry, and even over in these dim records, and patient antiment in that social life of what we call the clergy. Scarce a family of eminence quarianism, long brooding and meditating, middle ages; and it was the natural effect

but has an ancestor killed at Flodden."became gloriously transmuted into the of the studies he devoted himself to and

One of Scott's progenitors, Sir David winged spirit of national poetry. rose by.... I suspect that at the highest

Hume, led his seven sons into the battle, Whatever he had in himself, he would elevation of his literary renown—when

his for. princes to nations hereditary claim fain out a and name, bowed have made rest. Archibald the with perishedand

thrilled sportively at considered seriously often both have would and spoke He it—he the "Bell old of Angus, EarlDouglas,

all at the that losing wind, of subject. the as assembled about a change had on He of was not Matmion, DouglasCat"his place parlour,"with nothing, parting to as in great his compared he called him "own

himself in the fight, but two of his sons it—the room in which he died—all the picas a Cadet of Harden and Clansman of—one Scott's ancestor—commanded tures of his ancestors that he could come Buccleuch. (Lockhart, Life of Sir Walter

the old earl's followers. "They were by; and in his most genial evening mood Scott, 9:235242)

.

SAM BRANNAN ( Continued from page 403 that region. The new colonists were to contain a total of eighty thousand

an importance second to no county in the confronted by Indian hostilities from acres. The Saints, and apparently the

state. It is said that the Mormons now the start, and construction of proper Lugo heirs, labored under the assumpwill raise enoughlocated Pass near Cajon fortifications was pursued day and tion inthat the consummated deal now southern to the supply wholewheat pornight until completed. tract entire the cluded described in the

.. flour. Californiation of with moun-. The

tains near are covered with pine sufficient to This urgent matter delayed someMexican grant of 1842. A Spanish

supply with lumber all southern California what final negotiations with the Lugos clause, unintelligible to the purchasers, for years.... We understand that a flourfor full possession of the property. As made the tricky provision that eight

ing mill and several sawmills will be erected soon as the fort was completed Apostle leagues (a little more than thirtyfive there during the rainy season.4 Lyman hurried again to San Francisco thousand acres) were to be selected

'"Phe warm hopes of Californians as to intionalan heroicfunds requiredendeavorforto theraisedownthe addipay- byFor theyearsgranteesthe Lugofromfamilythe hadlargerpasturedarea.

Mormon industry were not misment. Meanwhile the settlers themstock over the entire San Bernardino

placed and were amply rewarded, but selves raised six thousand dollars by and Yucaipa valleys without ever havconstruction of a fort became the most selling their precious oxteams to a ing confined their selection to any parserious and immediate problem conparty of drovers. Their loss was only ticular eight leagues. In the arrangefronting them. The lands they were a temporary one however. Wild horses ment by the Lugos for confirmation of

acquiring stood in the direct path of were the cheapest of commodities in the grant in order to give sound title to the devastating incursions of Indians southern California. Shrewd purchases the Mormon purchasers, their attorneys

from the Mojave Desert which had and the effort of breaking the animals filed a petition for clarification with the plagued the ranchos for many years soon filled the need. Apostle Lyman United States Land Commission, which

toprevious successful. equally after the purof approximately one year A total

thesavages to for the claimants the to Mormonsouth—manyarrival. bandedRenegadeunwas$25,000 the chase confirmed and a note was paid,

carried longder white leadership—had of land. remainder extent executed, eight of leagues only was By given. A deed

raids against stockout systematic herds Saints less this act the Saints posand the Latterday than given were were and homes of the great landholders of sessors of the Rancho San Bernardino. half the acreage they supposed they

*Los Angeles Star, Oct. 4, 1851 The great tract had been represented were purchasing. And worse, anything

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SAM BRANNAN beyond the eight leagues thus confirmed ment in honor of the men who built it was To the indolent Spanish natives, who erected land, the public automatically their ranching from and became conducted in 1932,7 at a point where this crosshad occurred. there person locating under must saddle, the industrious any no ing was Mormon

obligation to purchase from the MorThis road tapped one of the finest of have been something of a novelty. For

mons. mountain forests. In an incredibly decades the raising of beef and horseUnfortunately, these ugly facts were short time Charles Crisman had a secflesh over vast landed estates had been

not disclosed until long after a city had ondhand steam sawmill in operation. the accepted form of wresting a living

commenced rising, the land subdivided from the soil. The wealth of the landed

lots into farms, and and splendid crops and measured by leagues gentry was the of lumber, problem every ma- T ike rich soil. in the growing to witness hoofs. an odd scene It was * jor colonists task confronting the

extract, a with newcomers hardy in true the solved community was and littlethese laid wealth as plat out, the city sweat, much and and Tntil brawn was spirit. brotherhood completion With ** soil easeacre as the the of an from colonists surveying completed, the the to the necesof road timber came

all derive with could loving fort. Californio lived the within a hundred Over sity for grain caring crop of a bumper twenty Indian menials from of help the into families to forced a were crowd in the extensive from acreage sown

land. report of the Los the feet times three The space sevhundred wide and spring. labor, storethe united a With

first Bernardino's it feet is Srar long, Angeles on hundred San hard not en and thirty feet long house one hundred by generously indicates feast harvest the discomforts how imagine congested to feet a constructed wide soon and was its returned soil place fertile of that the until log houses they endured and adobe grist mill First threshing commenced.

relieving situation. upon the the Mormon husbandmen Cencommenced strictly 7 blessing August was by hand. On colony. the city and their ter stake for driven was mill flour rolloperation, on the and was in

Pioneer Park). Block""Temple {now

ing from its stones. Saturday, September 4, 1852, was deStreets running east west and were

entire this as in Harvest a durpeople absent Apostle voted Rich Utah was by those north running numbered; and feet sixty building by Feast. a Imagine first that harvest. ing neighborly The typically given south such were Moris their public held usually thirty, in which is his act cutting of thus recorded wheat Inas Far names Nauvoo, West,mon assemblies, business schools, worship, and in letter the to a Desevet News: Salt Portdependence, Utah, Lake, and in formed shrubbery in green decorated

land. At the close of the morning service [Sungroups and devices upon the walls, and in

grapes, of clusters with interwoven arches it day, of agreed 4], July a by was show April reared is In our Bowery, which we beets, onions, cabbages, squashes, corn, in the the 5th celebrate to of place hands feet thirty; building sixty in adobean by in etc., tastefully arranged melons, were 4 the th of occasion July. day worthy The

... held conference our 6th.which April we entrance. at the parts, within and various the in the ushered of sounding was by

is during the occupied BoweryThe week insix-foot Grief's Bishop's (Uncle horn large in inscribed the stand was Over our School of one hundred andby Day, entire the strument) at signal which capitals, LORD, HOLINESS THE scholars, twentyfive TO the direction of under strength at the together of our came camp everletters of this in formed beneath and wellqualified teachers; the two and on for Field, of the bars every armed Big man specithe green, Feast. Harvest Among after service, theSabbath, morning our by patriotic the short occasion. but After a stalk a of nature the bounties was of mens class."BibleSabbath School and

it the the of orator appeal conday, was by the to feet nine inches nine of corn Indian

The Saints were willing enough to cluded to commence immediately the festifirst ear, eleven feet four inches to the

Incorporate sundried adobes into their vities of the glorious 5th. With the patriotsecond ear, and sixteen feet to the top; four

citizens, love brotherly ism and of American pounds; onehalf nine and weighing onions buildings, public they but andhomes

their hearts, of in Saints Latterday burning onetwenty-four and weighing a cabbage Calistubbornly shied the from away living attack, the furious a commenced and in etc., squashes, melons, half with pounds; roofs.fornia architecture flattopped of at that of sunrise thousands heads bowed... proportion

split shakes a necesandTimber were that the to as a zephyrs gently welcome sity for the peaks and gables of Morfloated over us, measured their length upon A song of thanksgiving opened the servmon dwellings, and one of the prime their mother earth. No accident happened ices; then followed an able and appropriate

their leading Mr. man, Lyman. prayer by of the festivities the there day; and to marnecessities the forested retapping was

short followed song, another a by Then in cessation the scarce a somewhat was thesources of steep to the mountains [just re- P. Pratt P. Mr. from speech entire until the dusty General of crop worknorth. bring timber, roads down To IsPacific his the to mission turned from cut, Rich's up. put and wheat bound was

first necessary. thewere And of Mormon approving America], South lands and if first it holiday, the such ended Thus may

road to timberline was through the prebe called, that we have had in San Bernarmerry-making, feasting, dancing, and other sent Waterman Canyon. dino.8 innocent amusements, provided the whole

were conducted in peace, good will, and help being struck asby the One cannot 8Deserer that thesertion timber on top the mountain 'Ibid., p. News,197 Sept. 4, 1852 withbrancethanksgivingof the giver ofandall agoodlivelythings.rememreach. to drivewould be easy Those who

violins then a lively commenced The the presentalong Drive Rim of the World the center while of the room was at the it crosses pointand pause the tune where for the set cleared, couples with soon andline the old of realize that Road, Mormon

Rich, Pratt, Messrs. dance. CapLyman, toonly the conquered almost had men who UNMITIGATED of others tain Crosby, Bishop and Hunt, difficulties trailinsuperable the of from Utah

off leading led dance. the men, and the aged Californiato the road proposed would seem

6 this, Lorin F. Butler old married and After young, By andsimple.

single, grandsire and child, mingled in turn

A letter to Salt Lake about this time con- s gentle showers with the dance, each taking the floor as their tains that numbers the statement cost the road about were8 called, and the others in turn looking on. labor. thousand days ofone... It ran from A Traversing sunseared fields on elfin

the base of the mountains around, or posfeet sibly the knoll over, through which the cut Seek to restore the withered flowers hardTheirone,yearfraughtin Californiawith discouragement,had been a for Pacific the present Electricwas made railway to Arrowhead Hot Springs and conLaid low by wind and heat and heavily packed with drudgery. But

tinued later through upward what became in clung as one they had a people because they fail, as And mourn to the steepWaterman mountainCanyon their efspirit and brotherhood. Nowside or a mile a mile half a the and below in forts their stood bounty; rewarded traces Remorse It difficult thissummit. pitch, ascended

rich their future with hopes established; linecrossing the of the present highgear

been San Bernardino had itroad before the top. reached A monuThe wanton steps of anger with bowed head promise.

And weeps for many trampled places born, had thrived, and God had smiled.

*Letter, Lyman to Richards, Millennial Star, 14.

491 Where buds of love lie dead {To be continued) eBeattie, George W. and Helen P., Heritage of the

Valley, p. 1% And withered in its trail. BLos Angeles Star, Sept. 7. 185Z

JULY, 1943 431 MISSIONARY FOR THE CHURCH (Continued from page 413) achievement under the leadership of cent. The work in this stake was ably

them enthusiastic and steadily on the Melvin Westenskow. directed by Mona Kirkham and Mervin

job until they finally led every stake in L. Saunders.

citation the In winners "B"Group total inthe number. Stake Church

in total third Stake placed Inglewood follows: as were his genPresident gave G. Samuel Dye in third of and number inthis assistance toerous and work subscriptions Angeles Stake, secpercent of placed which Los subscriptionsquota—1013spired throughout encouraged and them

in percent. sixth 282.2 percentage quota ond and and dynamo human The also of the year. bishopsthe wards The in total in this of stake his workers spurred number who subscriptions—theirof until content notcontributed and were

fine subscriptions veteram Sorensen, record 851 Brother of gave was E. J. subscribe which hadevery would home the high percentage of them per282.6 director. Era magazine.the

'"Phese are the leaders among the group

A of citation winners, but their remarkable records were possible only because they were stimulated by the outstanding work of the other citation winners, who pushed them hard throughout the year. In Group "A"

these are as follows:

Moapa Stake placed second in total number of subscriptions, and third in percent of quota. Their total

subscription, 683, gave them a percentage of 264.5. The work in this stake

was under the direction of A. L. Riddle

and Eva Perry, who with their workers were energetic in their efforts to work towards the goal, "An Era in every home."Portland Stake placed second in percentage of quota achieved, with 297.3

percent, and third in total number of subscriptions, with 610. Work in this

stake was carried on under the able leadership of Wilford W. Hardy and

his fine coworkers.

Phoenix Stake, under the leadership of L. L. Driggs, achieved fourth place

among the stakes of the Church in total number of subscriptions and fourth place in percentage of quota. Their

556 subscriptions gave them a fine record of 262.4 percent.

Lethbridge Stake placed fifth in the

Church in total number of subscriptions, with 549 as their ultimate achievement. Reed C. Ellison ably directed the

Era sales in this stake.

Juarez Stake, with Bryant R. Clark

and LaPrele Bluth as Era directors, achieved fifth place in percentage of quota with 238.9 percent—another outstanding record.

Taylor Stake came in sixth in total number of subscriptions, having sent a total of 521 during the year. Work

in this stake was under the able direction of Donald E. Wilde and Emma

Dahl.

San Diego Stake, also among the citation winners, placed sixth in percentage of quota, with a fine record of 217.7 percent. The enthusiastic leaders

this in stake of Kenneth were Era work "B,"OF SUBSCRIPTIONS GROUP NUMBER

Fitzell. Calder and Mary

Bates, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Lulu P. Child, G. Dye; A. Parley Samuel OGDEN

director. Swenson, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"Y.W.M.I.A;STAKE—Melvin PresidentL in president, seventh Stake placed East Jordan

superinformer Y.M.M.I.A. Rulon E. Rohner; Alfred W. Stevenson, INGLEWOOD

superintendent, E. J. Sorensen, of Y.W.M.I.A.; total number of subscriptions—5 1 4 was tendent; Y.M.M.I.A. Elva D. Cusworth,STAKE—Presidentpresident their fine achievement. The work in "Era"director. and

this stake was under the direction of SAN FERNANDO STAKE—President David H. Cannon; David G. Watts, superintendent, Y.M.M.I.A.;

J. Haws, G. Ernest Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director. Greenwald, Erma Jenkins. Albert and Black Mary

Fetzer, K. Natalie superintendent; Percy Towler; E. Y.M.M.I.A. Thomas WELLS

Alice Parsons, Y.M.M.I.A. Coombs, Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director; presidentSTAKE—PresidentY.W.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A.; president; iA, Y. Stirling, is Stake also among Union

director. the cita- "Era"

tion winners with seventh place in REXBURG STAKE—President Peter J. Ricks; J. Wendell Stucki, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Conpercentage of quota—231.7 was their stance Brown, president, Y.W.M.I.A.; Xenia Nelson, Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director.

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MISSIONARY FOR THE CHURCH San Fernando Stake placed fourth in A. Soffe, also is a citation winner with percent of quota with a fine record of

total number of subscriptions and fourth fifth place in percent of quota and tenth 210.8 percent. James Flake and Augin percentage of quota—985 subscripplace in total number of subscriptions usta Flake were the very capable Era

tions gave them 279 percent of their 820 subscriptions gave them their fine directors.

quota. Work in this stake was capably record of 263.6 percent. Rexburg Stake placed seventh in

of leadership thecarried under fifth on in total Stake placed numWells total of subscriptions a number with his fine cowork- and C.Ernest 874. goal of Haws a of subscriptions with ber final goal subscriptions. of 841 The

ers. A. Y. Stirling and Alice Coombs diwork in this stake was under the direcLong Beach Stake, under the able rected the work in this stake. tion of J. Wendell Stucki and Xenia

direction of Henry Andrus and Frances Snowflake Stake placed seventh in Nelson.

Maricopa Stake, under the leadership of Ned Newell and Helen Colequota—man, placed193.1 percenteighth inwaspercentagetheir creditof

able achievement.

The goal of 80,000 subscriptions has been reached. Of 156 stakes and missions, 142 reached or exceeded the

quota set for them. Fifteen hundred

wards and mission branches secured a full quota. This year's Improvement

Era activity has been a delightful experience. The close harmony between

ward and stake Era workers and the office has been most gratifying. May

the "Voice of the Church"carry into 80,000 homes each month a lasting influence for good.

CITATION WINNERS

Group "A"

1. Seattle Stake

First Place, Percent of Quota First Place, Total Subscriptions 2. Moapa Stake

Second Place, Total Subscriptions

Third Place, Percent of Quota

3. Portland Stake

Second Place, Percent of Quota

Third Place, Total Subscriptions

4. Phoenix Stake

Fourth Place, Total Subscriptions

Fourth Place, Percent of Quota

5. Lethbridge Stake

Fifth Place, Total Subscriptions

6. Juarez Stake

Fifth Place, Percent of Quota

7. Taylor Stake

Sixth Place, Total Subscriptions 8. San Diego Stake

Sixth Place, Percent of Quota

9. East Jordan Stake

Seventh Place, Total Subscriptions

10. Union Stake

Seventh Place, Percent of Quota

1. California Mission

First Place, Total Subscriptions

Second Place, Percent of Quota 2. Eastern States Mission

GROUP "A,"NUMBER OF SUBSCRIPTIONS SecondFirst Place,Place,PercentTotal ofSubscriptionsQuota

Brown; Stanford Bean, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Mabel W. Alexander SEATTLE

"Era"director. Tucker, president,STAKE—PresidentY.W.M.I.A.; Leslie Seal, Y.M.M.I.A.

LaVerne Group "B"superintendent; B. Earl, L. Bunker; Y.M.M.I.A. Bryan Marion MOAPA

director; N. Perry, Y.W.M.I.A. Eva L. Riddle, "Era"Y.M.M.I.A. Whipple, president,STAKE—PresidentY.W.M.I.A.; A.

"Era"director. 1. South Los Angeles Stake

LETH BRIDGE STAKE—President Asael E. Palmer; Reed C. Ellison, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent and First Place, Percent of Quota

"Era"director; Caroline Lee Pitcher, president, Y.W.M.I.A. Second Place, Total Subscriptions

TAYLOR STAKE—President T. Georne Wood; John L Allen, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Fannie H.

Walker, Dahl, Y.W.M.I.A. president, Wilde, "Era"director; Donald E. Y.W.M.I.A.; Y.M.M.I.A. Emma Stake "Era"2. Ogden

director. Subscriptions Place, First Total

superintendent; J. Burgon; P. Cannon, Y.M.M.I.A. Hyrum Heber EAST JORDAN Place, Percent Sixth of Quota director; Black, Mary Jenkins, E. Milne, Albert "Era"president,STAKE—PresidentY.W.M.I.A.; Y.M.M.I.A. Mary

Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director. (Concluded on page 434)

JULY, 1943 433

MISSIONARY FOR THE CHURCH

( Concluded from page 433

3. Los Angeles Stake

Second Place, Percent of Quota

Sixth Place, Total Subscriptions

4. Inglewood Stake

Third Place, Total Subscriptions

Third Place, Percent of Quota

5. San Fernando Stake

Fourth Place, Total Subscriptions

Fourth Place, Percent of Quota

6. Long Beach Stake

Fifth Place, Percent of Quota Tenth Place, Total Subscriptions

7. Wells Stake

Fifth Place Total Subscriptions

8. Snowflake Stake

Seventh Place, Percent of Quota

9. Rexburg Stake

Seventh Place, Total Subscriptions

10. Maricopa Stake

Eighth Place, Percent of Quota

1. Southern States Mission

First Place, Total Subscriptions

Second Place, Percent of Quota

2. Northern States Mission

First Place, Percent of Quota Second Place, Total Subscriptions

GROUP "A,"PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA

PORTLAND STAKE—President George L. Scott; A. R.

Standing, superintendent, Y. M.M.I. A.; Rose D. Hardy,

Y.W.M.I.A. president; Wilford W. Hardy, Y.M.M.I.A.

"Era"director.

PHOENIX STAKE—President J. Robert Price; Wallace

E. Broberg, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Ethel R. Peterson, president, Y.W.M.I.A.; L. L. Driggs, Y.M.M.I.A.

"Era"director.

Claudius ClaudBowman; JUAREZ

ius Ella R. Y.M.M.I.A.; Bowman,STAKE—PresidentJr., superintendent,

Farnsworth, Y.W.M.I.A. president; Bryant R. Clark,

Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director; LaPrele Bluth, Y.W.M.I.A.

"Era"director.

SAN DIEGO STAKE—President Wallace W. Johnson;

Kenneth T. Calder, superintendent, Y.M.M.I.A. and "Era"

director; Idonea T. Crandall, Y.W.M.I.A. president;

Lawrence Crandall, campaign supervisor; Mary Fitzell,

Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director.

P. Nephi George A. Bean; UNION

presiMetcaif. Kate Combes, Y.M.M.I.A.STAKE—Presidentsuperintendent;

dent, Y.W.M.I.A.; Melvin Westenskow, Y.M.M.I.A.

"Era"director.

PIONEER DIARY OF ELIZA R. SNOW

{Continued from page 398) tation of this unfortunate family? They for our comfort, as the weather, which

ded on one side & only covered on one are & have been as kind to me as their had been very comfortable & fine for side, the other having the tent thrown circumstances would admit; but the this season of the year, became very

over it, & no chimney. Lord knows I have done them more cold and blustering towards night & is

Friday, November 20. Whiting regood than all the; trouble I have made piercingly cold today, yet sunny &

turn'd. them, be it ever so much. otherwise pleasant except the wind.

Sunday, November 22. My health I am reminded of the feelings of Job I will here make honorable mention

quite ill, the day very fine. when he exclaimed, "Young men have of Sis. Green, whose kindness to me

Monday, November 23. This morrisen up against me whose fathers I from time to time since my sickness

[ning] Warren getting quite irritated at would have disdain'd to have set with shall never be forgotten. May the

bis father, threw out an insinuation that the dogs of my flock."Yesterday the blessing of the Lord rest upon her; yea,

/ had been talking to Elder Kimball father & son separated, so that W[arshe and her family shall never want for against his wife, which is as false as ren] is to have his living charg'd by friends to sympathize in trouble & to hell. He call'd no names but said, "It weight & measure until he can provide administer in time of need.

is one that we have been supporting his own. Mother Chase, Sylvia, & Sis[ter]

all the while & one in the family."Is Wednesday, November 25. YesterGreen visited us—we had an interestsuch the grateful return which I am to day br. M [arkhaml topp'd the chimney ing time.

receive for sharing the disgrace, & for as high as the roof & finished chinking Thursday, November 26. The atall my exertions in upholding the reputhe house, which prov'd very fortunate mosphere a little modified, Warren

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PIONEER DIARY OF ELIZA R. SNOW

coming into the room, I could scarcely look out a location for the Indians of Who, thro'all their long absence desir'd avoid fastening my eyes upon him since the Omahaw tribe who have become them to come, with shouts of hosanna they welcom'd home. themthe—hetimeinquiredof his insultingwhy I look'dme on asMondaytho I quiteLastanThurs.annoyance.this ward held its first And

would look him thro*. Understanding meeting, which is to be attended weekThey are gone—they are gone back again

the spirit which prompted him I thought ly, an order being establish'd for each to pursue wisdom to keep silence. He said it was man to give every tenth day a half And accomplish the work there appointed

to do; for imposition benefit the at of of the cordan him wood for me to look

Crown'd with blessings & honor they yet Iso the that having widows, understood been town & had poor & also he will return accused him of accusing me of talking divided into wards for that purpose.* And rejoice with the friends they have left

to Elder K[imball] 6c. which he said Yesterfday] Cathferine] gave birth here to mourn.

was a lie as he call'd no names. Poor to a daughter. Sis. Leavitt inform'd me

foolish young man, I wish he might be of the death of Eliza P.'s child. O Thursday, December 24. The daybetter cultivated. When he first was Lord, comfort the heart of the mother delightful—Sis. Green sent for me

so impudent, his parents both sat silent, in this sudden bereavement. It died on spent the evening very interestingly

but this time his father reprov'd him. the 12th inst. with Sis. Chase, Sessions & Markham.

Loisa & Clarissa visit me with kindThe Omahaw interpreter who had Friday, December 25. Spent the

ness. The day very fine. gone up to the hunting ground on an afternoon at br. Woolley's with the

Sunday, Nov. 29. Yester[day] & express to ascertain the truth of a resame com[pany] as yesterday.

today I have renewed tokens of sis. port concerning the massacre of several Sunday, December 27. Yestferday]

Leavitt's kindnesses which have been of that tribe by the Sioux, return'd with spent at Sis. Sessions'—came to Pres.many since her arrival. The Lord bless the report that he counted 73 dead Y[oung]'s in the eve—enjoy 'd this eve

her & all others who have administer'd bodies. the pleasure of supping on a bak'd

to me in sickness. Br. Benson arriv'd on Wednesday, and Thursday, Decemturkey in comfpany] with B[righam

Friday. ber 16 and 17. Last eve. after getting Young, Jfohn] Young, br. [Ezra T.

Last eve br. Mfarkham] ask'd me asleep in bed, I was awaken'd by an Benson, f father] >m[other] Chase Gcwhat I had written in my journal that unpleasant conversation (if it might be 6c.—after having a chill of the ague in

W[arren] was scolding about so much. so call'd) between br. M[arkham] & the forenoon.

I gave him the journal to read after wife which was preceded by one of Wednesday, December 30. Yesterwhich he said it was truth. Br. M [arkthe same nature last Sat. morning. Beday] had another chill—spent this

ham] said he did not think of W[arfore they ended, he propos'd "burying afternoon very agreeably at br. Pierce's,

ren] meaning me at the time. I told him the hatchet & being better natur'd to in comlpanyj with Prest. B[righaml

I thought strange that he was silent each other"—said she might live with Y[oung] & lady, & Loisa. Br. P fierce]that I never was so abus'd in my life—him or not, only so as to be more pleasconducted Lfoisa] & myself home very

had always treated W[arrenJ as a ant. politely at the end of the year, 1 846.

br[ other] & what he said was without Sunday, December 20. The weather Quarters—1847the least provocation—that I always very fine. Yest[erday] I walk'd with At Winter

held myself above such insolence, & Sis. Leavitt to Bish[op] Whitney's Friday, January 1, 1 847. This morninsulted Johnson me, whoever & br. Pierce was Luke sis. call'd on me visit Sessionsit—thatshould never condescend to contradict which is the 3rd time I have walk'd out. ing take leave of the female family & with Loisa & Zina

. yest[erday] for their mor[ning]planting thorns future path. pleasantly. Young] [D. H. very Last After making the before mentioned Tuesday, December 22. Br. M [arkeve we had a very interesting time to

insertion, I let sis. M[arkham] read it, ham] & Whiting start for Missouri. close my five day visit with the girls,

after which she said, "Do you think Heard of the death of my Mother, in for whom my love seem'd to increase

I feel consolation, inassweet a disgrac'd in whichyou have been by living with day's every acquaintance. To

freedthe family? she is the ills of the not think I should from much as the Lord describe alluded the scene be to would

liv'd to to live a goodwould require you where you present life—having old beyond it to the say, my pow'r—suffice useful all If days. herwould disgrace yourself. She age, & been W[arren] spirit of the out and Lord was pour'd

has insinuated anything that you are not sleeps in peace & her grave & father's, we receiv'd a blessing thro'our belov'd of,guilty it died I think a year right he will who make ago the 18th of last Mother Chase, & sis. Clarissa by the

Oct., I are side it."shouldif you by side. him make know gift of tongues.

she a hadsaw wrong no made & 2. Saturday, Stop'd overJanuary are are to a gone kingdom They gone—theyreply to she whatever indeed sis. night said—andspirit visited in with forethe Green, of rest—

lips not silly polluted I have the with my are to the are the gone part of at They Kimball's, home H[eber] day C. gone—theysubject I except said br. to what blest the of satisfaction to spent the much eve & my

last eve. illsMfarkham] this of the from Far lower abode away sis. br. at Winchester's with Sessions &

reside in 9. to have of gone a night mansion Last Wednesday, They December Loisa [Decker]. God.the Indian Chief, had Omahaw who 4. Monday, Yes[terday] January living in tent inbeen for a a our City to are resiare a gone They br. to return'd gone—they M[arkham]'s—spent in or two,week bed was some when dence where this at sis. br. Smoot's day withIndians spirits shot their rejoice guns, or in 5 presence 6 Noble to came up—fired [Phoebe] and Woodruff Markham share,the off in the Chief twice head—shot last night to the snow'd cover ground his of otherone three shot thumbs and quarters our winter extensive was 2At encampment the will for winter. pass weather todayIndians, that into so meetings divided wards, organized of and one a has an squaw, whom,

8. Friday, in the several for attended wards. worship January went were Yesfterday] Aarm today. amputated carcheerfully established general order was and to the Store dress for a pattern which Thursday, either out, should ablebodied that December each man 10. The ground ried

for br. contribute an give tenth each of the labor or day, I have in exchange one whichhas not been with covered snow. On equivalent, for of the the destitute, support and dispos'd of for me, to Woolley which was littlethe 4th or 5th a very families in aid hail was the battalion, those were whose men

Battalion] present and widows were [Mormon from br. a those whoperceptible flakes have a few of snow & Yearsley—call'd

bishop K. Newell since, time to time but indeed.fallen from fickprivations Whitney's—he cameinto caused and Our exposures much

in the ness, destitution; in increased sickness but after the and business day's close of his notic'd.scarcely to be

of this, portion of all a great midst we enjoyed sis. myself W[hitney] had a & & he, Monday, December 14. The day of refreshing of seasons the spirit and God, many

rich with of the interesting from His presence, at least conversation, very of sheet thin the andwarm & sunny life, as well gospel. gifts of the power and manifestationsMy as it fell in of night the afternoon the for the first so to me. Spent wassnow which others, the lives preserved the by was of many

time to cover the ground is melted power of God, through faith in Him, and not on this day at br. Pack's, in com[pany]

wherever the sun shines, naturalEliza principlesR. Snow, asquotedcomprehendedin Womenby ofman.Mormonwith sis. Whitney & sis. Markham. A com[pany] goes up the river to dom, (Tullidge), pp. 317, 318 (To be continued)

JULY, 1943 435

PRESIDENT EDWARD J. WOOD

{ Continued [com page 409 model, one of the show places of the does not do this. We very respectfully

to the church they had belonged to all their country. lay away our dead and that is all we do

allotted for time them."they had The lives, their told white been had recalls by and who often President how Wood visit the to for the themselves temple was to bitterlymissionaries our Church oppose of the blessing having honor and a temfifteen minutes, they but remained deeply it getting prevent foothold fromand a in of the Latterto in ple the midst the Lord edifice in interested beautiful the viewing the islands. native councils are These very

in settlements Saint Canada was day for fortyfive minutes. certain organized,well each having member

left the in they temple other than a none impressed upon him we stood by As all their toauthority respect and paying due file in the court outer in double and body British the a representative of Crown It I first chief. inhead one met when was

of these councils that I remembered what in Canada, Lord Willingdon, then received a warm handshake from Their left the Excellencies they temple as said.President I waited had Cannon until GovernorGeneral of Canada and later

visit their after grounds. weeks we A few they that noted had and were spokenmany of India. Viceroy large received of photos Their autographed meeting,strongly to holding opposed a my He relates: their personal indicating Excellencies apto express while themyetand others had

selves, I saw that they hesitated in order Some years ago, I received a telegram preciation of their visit to the temple.

to get a lead from the head chief. from Lord Willingdon asking the privilege Very close to the heart of President

visiting the of I finally Alberta along with the Temple edged head toward way my in is his service In temple. the

their staff they Wood as Willingdon to him, andchief seat Lady next given a and and was is Siswife. his joined he by tour a all of western Canada. atwere listening making theywhile thought I was

faithful ter temple been a has this Woodwork the larger included they had only their againsttentively While to arguments and me my mission, I was praying with all my centers, it was made clear that His Excelworker for many years and throughout heart that the heart of the chief would be lency desired very much to view the Morthe long and varied ministry of her softened toward me. mon temple at Cardston, the only one of husband she has been in every sense a

British in Empire. kind the celebrated that Recently over helpmeet. they change him came was its The

I President the Grant, telephoned and the council atmarvelous. were retheir Many anniversary. Golden The Wedding for granted of guest Willingdon Lord was his at suggestion agreed andamazed it was of Authorities the General numbers visit the to the viceregal temple. party publicto meeting. hold a allow Most me to officials of the other from and Church It in the indeed outstanding an was dayof the council attended.

The natives entertained me several days history of Cardston and a great surprise headquarters she has welcomed and enand ever after that memorable council the to thousands of people from miles around tertained in her hospitable home are lady His Excellency and his when and legion. village. friend in the bestchief was my

their respective at the great staffs arrived I visits of baptized numbers severalAfter One story of his temple activity workers, temple. the temple of gates Our instruthe toconverts Church and was delights President to tell. He Wood suits in sixty white about and men women I branch. Often in a organizingmental it calls and Kept Word,""I Have My inside the just dresses, waiting and were the of council of to the one housewould go it for truly has every a message member distinguished the to greet entrance main sitting after to me, and opposed waswho president: the the of Church. into temple visitors Says to the usher them and his to allowing mind and him speak himby

event, historymaking proper. This a was feel Ifreely, over him could change a come in frequently the Quite past had have we first it of English for time the a member was is strange certainly "It say: would heand to junior the excursions the temple from of nobility the of a House and member I differently since things see you camehow different in the three reof stakes wards our temple. visited ever Lords had a Mormon visitto me."gion. are of people up made young They in assembly room, our temple met vilWe visiting native the while day One in to twelve ranging sixteen from age and Thee, God, sang, where Thank we "We O the I place poputo wherelages one came are regular genealways accompanied a by anthem, for our Prophet,"Canadian and a vilto to another preparinglace go were is alogical for worker. meeting arranged A in presidency temple Canada."Our "O I I that with sea. might golage asked by in folk the the workers'temple room. young brief welof their order messages gave I consented, that they while noticedthem. sit girls circle half in the a boys and The felt at the expressed honor and come weI entirely welcome. However, not we was circle. in the half other a appoint visit. viceregal We the soon journey ourstarted and out we on significance secretary then the explain and

It gale. fierce blew throes in of a thewere his in visit Willingdon, their to the temple, the Excellency of baptismal Lord His

that could not boat our heavilyso we upon his sincere voiced cultured manner, will for the to dead, try they and very work and do to threatened capback.turn waves The at to admitted a pleasure being impress the exthem Church upon Mormon what

us.size see. desired to older. temple, of pects they long as he them which had grow the of the in boat chief seated end One if their interesting other he remarks of they ask them have any many Among We the thirtyfive party in about were—there ill, said: relatives friends or and might be who the in boat missionary the Mormon—said if all in praykneel together they have we I that be suggested he and Jonah, awas friends, "I apesteemed you, hope my the er those suggested remembering by the swamped. before boat overboardthrown in preciate the honor bestowed upon you I people. then impress them upon young they chief before the but agreed withMany I like to here, should temple a having and their to pleasure worthiness our at come while boatfinally our decided, was and it to peoof your what more means know it will great that temple, the to adding be a

I by furiously, workedrocking way my ple."if, their to parents disappointment when

I to close until nativesthe hardrowing was I to to Excellency then speak asked Her fail to age, the they proper they reach

I so chief. to said himthe wickedlooking hesisisters. GovernorGeneral our The I the married. then to temple to be come

all hear couldthat me: finally for tated but approved moment, a all will call for of a of hands do show who overboard,"throw not would me "You lovely, request, Excellency, a and Her my their in the temple. married best to be replied: all of surprise to the heand in humblest the motherly manner woman, after these pleasant years of Seven one

feel I you that toward not way do "No, of possible, gathering to her the spoke in gatherings helpful peoples'and young now."in serving in the meeting pleasure women the to couple the temple a came young this village, the at arrived we When unselfishly the the of so and Lord House at to kneeling married. temple be When his and house to chief took native mesame recompense. devotedly without and altar, to the with proceed about as were we Several there. meeting to holdinvited a me surto bride, in joined the singing, the ceremony, young Save then "God my We the joined Church afterwards hemonths

I prise, ofher raised the what hand. the her asked benediction King."was When family. his all of the with membersalong replied: all the beautiful "Brother to she fered, happened and had on moved we

I the word."of kept stood have edge on that Wood, my We President Joseph 1901, the yearTn I anunderstand, she font, the I said oppor- F. baptistry.finelysculptured and did not had and

to sent * Smith Edward J. Wood of a years the viceregal swered: to one explaining tunity of "Seven I was ago

Canada on a special mission for the party that most of the baptismal work company of young excursionists to the tem-

Y.M.M.I.A. He was so impressed performed was for our dead kindred as had ple; there were about forty of us. During

with the country that he eventually been done in the apostolic Church when the meeting you asked us to do our best, to married, this to vicarious old of the enough were Paul Apostle wrote when we estabto Cardston, his familymoved our temple. in letter gave the Corinthians. his in married to the be work Webe In there. hislishing permanent home

I word."kept for have the Biblical dead and promise references to baptism my now are a grounds andthe his home summer all in the assemof in given the eyes Tears explanations necessary were were and

bower of lovely flowers and foliage and, very much surprised and seemingly bly; truly the spirit on that occasion was

while his sixhundred-acre ranch on the impressed, Lord Willingdon remarked: "I heavenly. After the ceremony I menfamous Cochrane Ranch block is a have often wondered why our own church tioned that this is what the Church desires

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—also what our families, our communities, enterprise, home beautification, a fuller the Latterday Saint settlements in

and our governments desire—that we keep appreciation of home life, moral purity, southern Alberta. His is one of the

our word. and patriotism. During two world wars strong voices in a troubled world, a

President Edward J. Wood "kept his he has given leadership to his people voice that links with the realities of the

word"with his people thirtynine years and his blessing to the boys who have present the divinelyquickened hopes as their stake president. He has been responded to the call of duty, and no for tomorrow. His is the victorious

a wise and courageous counselor. He section of Canada has given more of life, a life indeed "filled with gracious

has preached faith, thrift, community her sons to the armed forces than have years."

GENERAL CONFERENCE, TUESDAY MORNING SESSION

ALBERT E. BOWEN spiritChristianfosteredChurch.and kept animate by the objectsmaterialistic,and materials.and the idealistic,Their fruitsintangare

(Continued from page 396) We are now prepared to ask why ible things of the spirit fell to low esforgetting the teachers, Religious teem. position lost its former Church has the for means by which rethe So much

.. It that life is \ teaching leadership. of the Master would of influence and itself into governments. get ligion is to

Please notice that I have not said, nor require a volume to answer that quesmore than meat, and the body than raiforgetting that (Matt. the I the time nor neither 6:25); tion. ment"have I believe, that the Church should try do

their to discern task. premission for the learning and of was needed sweep the government. to manage

spiritual tried to values; I serve which, accomonly a conclusion can venture

for conpurely prepared, I am now their to the fortified of teachings I find modate to be comfort, to by mood my into Church venience, use the word validity time the others, capable and to give them of opinions more by the as religion the term with terchangeably scientifthe to I, submitting not only to them consideration given than have who in I religion ask: have to Does proceed ic test, test the basely, but, to of limits time of more compel subject. the The

it is it suggested to what the do power likes the of practices habits oversimplification. and and to an me

it alone that do? must is their adherents. teachers that or the developed conclusion They The

I that questo best answer know The itself, tried religion, called might to a the develop be have of what Church it is in already past has tion that times instead flesh in their of the the of the conviction of theology weakened own it. conditions the same Givendone spirit. the science their practice of the doctrines truth of and ultimate Thus

it canthat is to assume there reason no convicthe the place prescribed condiprofessed. without market creeds Being

of course, be It must, again.not do it religious teachings, taught tions of with the and the tion, they have not

as the that the Church, admitted at once teachers themselves their following instead of being of authority, voice and agency through which religion makes has floundered in uncertainty. The spired interpreters of spiritual valuesinfor is itself greatly effective, weakened the of the echoes complex, mere are causes among became men many and

itself. its unity within of task by lack industrial of their conof science and the profound being doubt, them, no

Jesus, the fountain source of the rechanges that have resulted from the extemporaries. As an editorial writer

ligion of which we speak, selected some tending of the frontiers of learning and has phrased it:

message. His taught disciples them and living of in habits changes consequent Christian leadership has passed from The spread told and go out them toThen He In external of value. and measures the of the the of hands Church to the hands

after Shortly it everywhere. He left settings there has probably active a been and practical statesmen laity—the

the zeal through andthem, on one day, educators, the columnists pundits, and and generagreater transformation in one fervor of their conviction, they added tion than in a thousand or two years the scientists and great men of action. And

is this that there only of saying another way three thoutheirto by baptism body It largepreceding. about was brought

true Christian at all. leadership no souls. Ignoring the commandssand strides the is in of ly tremendous by the

their rulers, they continued chiefthe giving such unphysical sciences man as a parting warning he deAnd filling so itteaching, Jerusalem,: nature. mastery over was dreamedof It clares

charged, with their doctrine. To all inpaved the way for the glamorous interdictions Peter answered, "We ought dustrial age, the age of invention and So far as the record goes, the American

their to well as souls do would by than men."to obey God rather mechanization which people and production,

industrial of the the follow advice leaders as proscriptions the condiIn defiance literally revolutionized of the of the has the spiritual to follow leaders. the of advice

emperors, the Church projected itself tions of physical existence. Tools and Thus the flock is leading the Shepherd.

into the very heart of the empire, and gadgets and mechanisms assumed a... So long as the Church pretends, or

by the third century had raised itself dominant place in the life of the nation, assumes to preach absolute values, but acfrom a position of despised ignominy to and we came to regard them as of first tually preaches relative and secondary the position where its worship had been consequence to our welfare. We came values, it will merely hasten the process of

accepted by the majority of the people to be so obsessed with the importance disintegration. We are asked to turn to

of the empire, and it had won for its of material acquisitions that our vision the Church for our enlightenment, but when find the the that voice do so of we we toleration, the right religious spiritual of values almost completemembers was inspired. voice the is not of Church The the office, ly inhimselfto obscured. hold public and for itself became Man is find, today, the echo our Church of we

restoration of its previously confiscated flated out of all proportion in his asown voices. And the result of this experiproperty. It was ever in the forefront sumptions of selfsufficiency. He looked ence is disillusionment.... This is a proof the struggle against tyranny and opat the work of his own hands, and he found and absolute spiritual disillusionment,

pression. Through the long black night called it good. He believed that he held arising from the fact that when we consult

hear the Church only ourselves what we we Christian theof the of the the to the Church world, Ages, mastery key and Dark said. this effect of experience have The lighted flickering torch that the hiskept and could create he power own by the present has generation upon probeen

battle for the long, the his hardfought to being according of a state own is It effect found. the vicious spiral, of a

rights of man. The Christian religion, heart's desire. Bigger and better and like that the economists talk about that leads

embodied in a physical organization, greater and more were the goals of his into depressions. But in this spiral there

led certain dissenters to Holland; it took ambition. Through the discoveries of is at stake, not merely prosperity but civilthem across the Atlantic and gave science and its methods of investigaization.

is of only spiral. out the There one way in intion, the fashioningstrong leadership ancient notions found were many

is the out of a voice, sound our not The waystitutions that up. to untenable; errors rehere old grew be were we What voice, voice but from a coming something

it lately of as talked so theories vealed, heard exploded;have and much was ourselves, in the existence of not which we

the American system could not possibly believed that anything which laid claim cannot disbelieve. It is the earthly task of

have been conceived in materialism. It to intellectual respectability must be the pastors to hear this voice, to cause us to

was the solution of the problem of the able to meet the test of the scientific hear it, and to tell us what it says. If they

age and was born of the travail of the method. Science and industry deal with [Concluded on page 438)

JULY, 1943 437

revealed the reveal of and does way ALBERT E. BOWEN

life alone lead to can which peace on AN APPRECIATED GIFT {Concluded page 437) from will earth and men. good among There

it, fail to tell us, hear or if they cannot we, will unless enduring be no peace and /I it utterly are lost laymen, BOOM Without we until the the of accept men way LawSoldier For the irom home as away the are of capable saving more world no It is giver the for of universe. to us try the Missionary For

it than creating of in capable the were we the of Friend For every persuasion by pospower we first place.

For Father Mother and sess get to nations to and adopt men

THE HILLS UNTO L. Evans $1.50 This is a scorching indictment. But that way and to stand resolutely against By Richard

THIS DAY—AND ALWAYS the words are not mine. They are the every influence and power which tends

L. Evans By Richard to lead I yield from it. to no profoundly of one away 1.50 words moved man by the STANDARDS GOSPEL

it. in love 2.25 of country to and devotion of the confusion Grant Heber bewilderment J. and By

IN NET GOSPEL THE Dr. Widtsoe 1.25 times, and crying aloud for help, one I have spent much of my life studying John A. By

I its institutions. its history and that the recognizes TIMES must OF THE SIGNS Church who And

Fielding By Joseph SmHh that the of patriotism say, say never others demands not follow and relay what IN RECREATION THE HOME 1.25

By L. D. S. Auxiliaries 25 be they high or low, but must lead by require us to endorse what is not moralPERFECTION THE TO WAY

Fielding Smith 1.25 declaring the voice of God. I have not ly right. Joseph By

used these words for the purpose of It is for us not to be deceived by

Order now.... bringing under rebuke any church or slogans and smart sayings but to put the

religion. of of teacher of the Savior Neither the world has teachings CO. any THE BOOKCRAFT

I teachings that other above all anything been with and have said make P. 63 O. Box

the intent. It will standard that that clear to them be by which you we meaCity. Salt Lake Utah

its sure all allacts for action, in that used the term and plans I have Church Please send the checked above. Books

Send C. O. D. inclusive sense and not in reference to His righteousness might be made fruit-

$ Check or money order enclosed. any particular church. Nor has my ful in the earth.

purpose been to raise any quarrel with May God grant us the power and the

NAME or to depreciate the value of the gloriwisdom to do it, I pray. In the name of

ADDRESS ous discoveries of science, or the inJesus. Amen.

Your orders will receive immediate dustrial benefits that have been born of attention. them.

Indeed science itself has become rath-

L JOSEPH Its great rather exponents generseem SYRUP4g&*SOt*%T- er humble, if it has not always been so. ally recognize, to as Langmuir's Mr.

! makes them Better recent broadcast the to American AcaWIRTHLIN

for the of Science delicious Advancement demy SERVE Southern with hotbreads butter in that beOf the Presiding Bishopric shows, the field of human and syrup! Goldenhavior, which is, after all, the chief

at ses rich Delivered the Tuesday morning Syrup. Mapleine factor in science has government, very

1 glorious It's a 3th Conference, Annual sion of the in limitations. that guidance treat! narrow For

< we must look elsewhere. April 6, 1943, in the Tabernacle

I do not say that the Church could the of things world shall come weak The the forth break and and strong mighty down makes them Better! haveciencypreventedand arrogantthe waveprideof andselfsuffi-gross ones. 1:19) (D.6C.

PERK up puddings with materialism that has swept over the syrup topped with land. I think that probably arose from hundred and thirteen years cream. Grand for cusforces beyond its control. But the misOneago on this day, April 6, Joseph

too. tards, the of Make the take lay in its abandonChurch Smith, a young man twentyfive

with syrup Mapleine! its of ment own convictions five other and its years of age, met young men

< docilespiritualacquiescencerealities andin intheits floutingfailure toof inin theFayette,humbleNewhomeYork,of Peterand accordingWhitmer hold fast to its faith in the reality of a to divine instruction organized the all reof the wellspring God, 5 living Latterday Christ of of Church Jesus Better makes them ligion, and without be can whom there Its Saints. membership numbers now this quick sundae TRY no religion. 917,715. Syrup, sauce—Mapleine

hot or cold on vanilla, We have tried getting along withIt has missions, stakes, wards, and or fruitnut chocolate out and religion, and see where we God in of city branches practically every ice creams! Perfect! it tried us to. has brought have We in the world. consequence any size or

following more or less blindly the scholIt has developed from a local organizaars, the writers, the men of affairs, and tion to one of international proportions.

and here's how to make the political leaders, and we view with Its missionaries have carried glad tidMapleine Syrup in a jiffy: theyconsternationhave broughtthe sorryus. plightThe universalto which ingsfor overof greata century.joy to theIts racesofficersof menand

pour... 2 cups Boiling Water cry for spiritual regeneration gives the teachers number a quarter of a million,

over... 4 cups Sugar Church another chance to save the serving willingly without thought of,

add... 1 teaspoon MAPLEINE world and humanity, and offers a basis or desire for, compensation. A great

Stir, and you have 2 pints of delicious syrup! for hope. missionary system has been developed

Make it just as you use it... or ahead of time. The early Church made its phenomewhich affords the opportunity of misIt keeps. Mapleine gives you better syrup... so nal advancement and attained its great sionary service to some twentytwo

easily and at a saving! Mapleine also flavors influence because those who bore its hundred young men and women each

desserts and dainties. Free recipes with every message believed devoutly in it. My year. A religious educational projbottle. At your grocer. Crescent Manufacturing purpose in speaking of these matters is ect has been set in motion which inCompany, 657 Dearborn St., Seattle, Wa<;h. to—theurgemembersupon youofwhoourareowngatheredfaith—thehere thirteenvolves oneinstitutes,university,and threeone colleges,hundred

leaders in your respective stations, to and eight seminaries, manned by three teach faith implicit teachers, sixty fulltime without in hundred wavering andMAPLEINEIMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR the living for thirtythe course provides religious education God who shapes and destinies of nations and who has five thousand young men and women.

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Seven temples are now in use for the John the Baptist, the forerunner of performing of ordinances for the dead the Christ nineteen centuries ago, again and the living, and an eighth is soon to appeared, bestowing upon Joseph Smith be dedicated and opened. A Welfare and Oliver Cowdery the Priesthood of

plan has been worked out designed to Aaron, which gave to these men the assist those in distress, anticipating, authority to preach the gospel of repenthowever, that those receiving assistance and to administer the ordinances ance shall contribute of their energy of baptism by immersion for the remitand time on a production project. This tance of sins. Peter, James, and John

program has in operation agricultural, appeared later to Joseph, conferring manufacturing, and processing projects, upon him the Melchizedek Priesthood to provide ter. A wheatfood,storagefuel, clothing,programandis sponshel- orSontheof PriesthoodGod, authorizingafter thetheorderconferringof the See Your Agent

sored by the General Authorities and of spiritual blessings and privileges for TIPS that the Relief Society of the Church whereupon the faithful. Other divine personin three elevators are now used to store ages appeared, those who had lived in IMPROVE TRIPS

approximately four hundred thousand former dispensations. Moses returned, -k Avoid heavy crowds and have a better

bushels of wheat against a day of need. bestowing the keys of the gathering of trip by traveling in midweek instead of

Elias to Israel addition him the gave home, inHospitals, Joseph; a boys'upon adyour weekends. See bus agent—in cultural, recreareligious, dispensation of the gospel great and of Abraham;a

early. tickets Travel light vance. Buy auxithe appeared, bestowElijahtional sponsored the prophet by program

ing upon Joseph the authority to inand be on time—it's a patriotic dutyl

augurate the work for the dead. Joseph

Smith received direct revelations from on high, instructing and directing him in the restoration of the gospel in its fulness and in organizing the Church exactly as it existed in the days of the apostles, with Jesus Christ as the chief with apostles, cornerstone, priests, seventies, evangelists, high prophets, union pacific elders, bishops, priests, teachers, and deacons. All of these offices in the STAGES

Priesthood of God existed, according to biblical authorities, in the days of the BUY U.S. WAR BONDS

apostles and were restored through

Joseph Smith, which effected a complete restitution of the Church organization, which is recognized by the THE ADVERTISERS world's foremost authorities on organization as being the most perfect of Beneficial Life Insurance Comits kind on earth today. Bookcraftpany Company 420,Back438,Cover442

Who was Joseph Smith? Whence Borden Company..419

came this man? He was the son of a Brigham Young University 388

farmer, born in the backwoods of VerContinental Oil Company 391

Manufacturing Company scholCrescent for mont, with no opportunities ) 438 ( Mapleine or personal developastic attainments

JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN ment from an academic viewpoint, perDeseret Book Company...Inside Back Cover

secuted and prosecuted by foes and Deseret News Press...442

even by officials of the law who should Faultless Starch Company 418 liary organizations of the Church, are have protected him. He lacked the FelsNaptha Soap & Soap Chips..394

of Insurance Company friends or General of riches the without world, place all taken that have developments 447 America in places. high prestige those of Will years. thirteen in the hundred last one 443 Glade Company Candy his claims the stand declarations and Latterof Christ of Jesus ChurchThe 419 Milling Grain Globe 6 Co analysis? of anaThis a minute X-ray is that is not organization Saints an day 388 Hall's Canker Remedy

in financial bondage to any man or set lysis can be made from four viewHotel Temple Square 443 of creditors. points: first, comparison of Joseph Hotel Utah 444

441 Smith's achievements with claims Business and College L.D.S. the to world declared Smith Joseph 387 Strauss Levi religious leaders; the second, great other appeared the Father that Son and the 440 Linda Loma revelation; fulfilment of prophecy and inprayerful in the to to answer him Pectin Inside Back Cover M.C.P. third, the of the authenticity of Book orreligious all these quiry, of which 422 O'Barley Maid all his fourth, leaving of and Mormon; as designated the one 390 Milk ganizations Morning was

works, the Book of Mormon, DocMountain Fuel Supply Company Christ. of was his the Jesus Church He

trine Pearl and Covenants. of Great Inside Front Cover three join them; and to forbidden any of

Bible, Price, for future revised 422 Tire Welders critical O.K. calling later personage years a divine

Limited 420 Purex, alone. in this he stands and telling study, to him, appeared himself Moroni Biscuit 385 Purity Company

Joseph that the Lord had assigned to First permit me to compare him with Royal Baking Company 441 him a great and marvelous work and Martin Luther, a great, courageous and Safeway Stores, Inc 389 that his name would be had for good sincere man who was born under very Salt Lake Tribune 445 423 Milk record the nations. evil of a Sego son and among A circumstances—the

California Oil of 392 Standard formerly inhabitants the the ancient steppingstones of the of to who miner—onehumble Pacific Stages Union—....439 incontinent, the father lived American the gospel. His restoration of upon

Company... 420 Engraving Utah plates of scribed gold, was entrusted on and religious devout mother were and 387 Refining Utah Oil Company

translation for to ability and pubSmith people. Luther's mental Martin Joseph 446 Sugar UtahIdaho Company

lication to the world, for within its won for him recognition of an individuUtah Poultry Producers'Coopercovers the gospel of Jesus Christ in its al wealthy enough to finance his scholative Association 422 pure and complete form would be astic training. He soon received the Wheeler, Reynolds and Stauffer..385

found. (Continued on page 440)

JULY, 1943 439 JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN ture when Moroni appeared to the boy

Joseph Smith and four years later en- (Continued from page 439) to trusted inscribed a record his care

Influential plates of gold, giving the recof Master. church upon the I like this degree

authorities became interested in him and ord of Joseph and Ephraim and all the the office of priest was bestowed upon house of Israel, combining the stick of him. He held the chair of philosophy Judah, or the Bible, and the stick of

in the University of Wittenberg. Later Joseph, or the Book of Mormon, as one

he received the degree of Doctor of witness for the Lord and His Son Jesus

Theology. Shortly thereafter he beChrist.

came involved in a bitter controversy I wonder what the emotions of Marwith the authorities of the church over tin Luther were as he read that scripthe proposed sale of indulgences and ture of Amos which indicated that a courageously affixed his ninetyfive great apostasy was to take place as theses on the door of the Cathedral predicted in the book of Amos, chapter known as Schlosskkche (Castle 8, verse 11:

Church). He was excommunicated, his

life was endangered, but there came to Behold, the days come, saith the Lord

I will in land, the that send a famine God, his princes noblerescue and German for of bread, famine water, not nor a a thirst men. forced during a period of Hence

... hearing of the the of but Lord: words

exile, the into translated the Bible he

German language, declaring the ScripAnd again there is a prediction in tures should be free and open to all the first chapter of Paul's epistle to the men. He demanded general reformaGalatians, verse 6:

tions of the dominant church, stating, that are I marvel so removed soon ye in interested deeply so purifying "I am called of that into the grace him you that every church all men may gospel. another worship fromChrist unto Jon,. God as they see fit. As to organizing

fourto the given desire neither church, the was The answer I have new 1 years winning a in the teenyear-old of westthe woods authority nevernor boy so."1 But to do

FAVOR through theless there came into being a church ern New York when the Lord declared, its FLAVOR bearingtions ofhisfaithnameareandfoundin whosemanydeclaraof the but"Theytheirdrawheartsnearareto farme fromwith theirme; theylips,

You bet he likes it and so does doctrines of the church he bitterly opteach for doctrines the commandments the entire family. For Breakposed. His greatest contribution to his of men, having a form of godliness, but

thereof."they (See the deny power to the the people docworld and was fast Cup, from made roasted Isaiah 15:8.) 29:13, religious trine and transof Matthew the freedom and soy beans, cereals, figs and lation into the the Scriptures of tongue carefully Luther Martin doubt no is honey, for good you and is It interesting people. of his to obscriptures to the perused do which had

tool GOOD, it for Try breakstudied, read, that serve although he all rerestitution things as the of with fast, lunch or dinner... or and translated the Bible word by word corded in chapter 3, verses 19 to 21, of

for the hot drink just before from cover to cover, he failed to see, the book of Acts:

retiring. understand, or advocate the gospel of

Jesus Christ as it is therein recorded. Repent ye therefore, and be converted,

out, the sins that be blotted your when may the his translations process of I have NOT RATIONED In shall the presof refreshing times from come often his reaction wondered was what of the ence Jesus Lord; send he shall And

concerning such scripture as the folChrist, which before -Was preached unto

REAKFASTOJP lowing: Malachi, chapter 4, verses 5 you: Whom the heaven must receive until

Contains no and 6: theGodtimeshath ofspokenrestitutionby theof mouthall things,of allwhichhis

caffeine beforeBehold,the Icomingwill sendof youthe greatElijahandthe dreadfulprophet holy prophets since the world began.

Made by the day of the Lord: And he shall turn the In Revelation, chapter 14, verse 6, we

makers of heart of the fathers to the children, and the read:

RUSKETS heart of the children to their fathers, lest

I come and smite the earth with a curse. And I saw another angel fly in the midst

of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to

Joseph Smith, unlearned of men, preach unto them that dwell on the earth, * A NATION'S HEALTH chosen by God, had the interpretation, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people. for Elijah to appeared gave him him and IS A NATION'S STRENGTH

the that turned of heart the keys had of the prophet the again humble And the children fathers, their to inauguinterpretation the actual received Lord rating for the salvation of the gospel in reality the of visits of the and Moroni dead.

the divine other personages whereby everlasting for the restored gospel was Principles of Progress tinI Lutherwonderwerewhatasthehethoughtspaused overof Marthe benefit nations, tongues kindreds, of all tested on life's proving statement of Ezekiel, chapter 37, verses and peoples.

grounds 16 and 17:

may be found in Moreover, thou son of man, take thee one ganizingMartin a Luthernew church,declared,I have"As neitherto orstick, and write upon it, For Judah, and for the desire nor the authority to do so."

Israel the children of his then companions: GOSPEL desire, personal Smith had no Joseph

it, stick, take another write For and upon but to of under mandate proceeded God all stick of the Joseph, for Ephraim, and STANDARDS Christ. the organize of Martin Church the Israel his of house companions: And Heber J. Grant by fact that the recognized Luther he did join stick; to into them another one one and

384 pages—$2.25 they shall become one in thine hand. not possess the authority to do so.

An Improvement Era publication Through the restoration of the Priest50 North Main St. Again the meek of the earth rehood, Joseph Smith had the authority

Salt Lake City, Utah ceived the interpretation of this scripfrom on high to inaugurate again among iAdam S. Bennion, What It Means to Be A Mormon the children of men the plan of salva440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

. )

tion as given to the world by the Savior, Consider section 61, verses 14, 15 and possible for Joseph Smith in 1831 to and again to authorize men to act as 16: forecast a situation in the future

His servants to bestow upon the Lord's Behold, I, the Lord, in the beginning wherein the waters of the earth would children all of the blessings involved in blessed the waters; but in the last days, by be unsafe for man? His answer is the

I cursed the mouth John, the only plan as of my servant the gospel of revelation from God, given ordinancesthe one—a

will waters. Wherefore, the days come that servant. dispensations. to His former done inwas

shall the flesh safe waters. be upon translation of the BibleLuther's the first it Joseph Smith was among in shall to said that be days come susAndno the doctrines and orditains wholly

is the religionists the to declare able of land to to Zion none go American up nances of the gospel as restored to the upon the waters, but he that is upright in Constitution of the United States came earth by the Lord through Joseph heart. into being because God suffered its esSmith. An examination of daily events upon tablishment. Read the words of the

in the to Prophet found Lord Joseph of earth the the well might oceans test of is the viewpoint secondHpHE section 77: 101, verse indicate are the that here days whenA revelation. but and prophecy Time flesh shall safe the be upon no of constitution to the laws According and of to a pointing outpermits few you of of thousands waters. Hundreds I esthe suffered people, to have which be the propheciesthe made by many the sent to tons of shipping been have tablished, for the should maintained be and I attention yourProphet draw Joseph. sea, the loss involving of the all flesh, rights bottom protection of accordand

the Doctrine section of and Cove87to just principles; ing to holy lives. and questhe of of thousands Again

givennants, verses 2 and 3, a revelation tion comes to our minds, how was it ( Continued on page 443 25, 1832, theto Prophet December wherein the Lord revealed to His servant:

The time will come that war will be poured out upon all nations, beginning atthis place. For behold, the Southern States Ask Your

shall be divided against the Northern States, and the Southern States will call on other nations, even the nation of Great Britain, asit is called, and they shall also call upon Smeller other nations, in order to defend themselves nations; otheragainst and then war shall That FreshBaked Aroma

nations. out pouredbe upon all

Is it not singular that this man, with few opportunities in life from a scholastic and statesman's point of view, would declare twelve years before his death that such an event would take place, which event actually occurred after the years prophecytwentynine delicious is really tell this bread can You the the to given world, Conwhenwas

Its wrapper. the instant open you firedfederacy Fort Sumter and the upon

things to your does freshbaked aroma Britain involved? becameGreat Thus

it brings you remember, appetite—and fulfilled, statewhichprophecy was vitamins of value food added the extra

is history. facts the of out bornement by health. better for iron and

is to the quesone only answerThere tion, whence came this advance inRoyal Baking Co., Salt Lake & Ogden Fresh every day

formation to Joseph Smith? It came to Over 50 Years of Service & Progress at your grocer's

him from the Lord, as a revelation.

Section 97, verses 22 and 23, affords provocative thinking:

For behold, and lo, vengeance cometh speedily upon the ungodly as the whirlwind;and wh shall escape it? The Lord's scourge Professional Business Trainingshall night pass day, and over by by and Excellent buildings and equipment all shall yea, thereofthe report people; vex

it shall not be stayed until the Lord come. Competent faculty

The question arises, what is meant by Pleasant, stimulating environment scourge, pass tothe Lord's a "scourge the re- * *over day, and by night and by port thereof shall vex all people"? As

we observe the events that are occurring in the greatest war of all time, the scourge spoken of by the Lord might fortresses of flyingwell squadrons be raining death and destruction upon peo- & # ples, cities, armies, battleship fleets, the merchant marine—by day and by night.

Think, if you will, of London, Coventry, Rotterdam, Stalingrad, and now

Berlin. Surely the inhabitants of warfcring sorely are nations vexed by the &

L. D. S. Business College thispassing of scourge over them by... where.. individual welfare comes first. night. the I submit Againday and by

question, from whence did Joseph Call in—or dial 3-2765 for our booklet.

Smith receive the information that suchan event would take place? There is but L. D. 5. BUSINESS CDLLEGEone answer—his own—a revelation 70 North Main Salt Lake City

from the Lord.

JULY, 1943 441 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—The Lord's Prayer

For that Special Gift "But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, to FriendorLovedOne pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward

This Day—and Always thee openly."Matthew 6:6.

By Richard L. Evans - $1.50

Unto the Hills By Richard L. Evans 1.50

Order now...

THE BOOKCRAFT CO.

P. O. Box 63

Salt Lake City, Utah Please send the Books checked above.

Send C. O. D.

$.. Check or money order enclosed.

NAME... ADDRESS.

Your orders will receive immediate attention.

>o< >o< >o<

Jorth t oLcovem OSridie HORIZONTAL I "... when ye pray, use not vain repetitions"Matt 34 and 38 "Thy will be.. as in heaven, so In

6.7..."Luke 11:2

4 "and the..., and the glory, for ever"Matt. 6:13 36 "of your Father which is heaven"Matt. 6:1

9 Scold 38 See 34 across

... 11 right "what hand of Matt. doeth"Unit 6:3 40 work in the stock We have.."12 thine Is the "For 6:13 Matt. Last of prayer 42 word

. I.. 14 "If I should thee, will.with thee"not deny ".. do'hypocrites the 6:2 Matt. 44 stasmartest wedding new 14:31 Mark

.. is for his earth; Matt. footstool"the 45 "nor. by 16 South Dakota

5:35 to carry tionery ever 17 a Man's name

secret "unto which 46 47 thy Father and 19 Hawaiian lava 6:18 Matt. in "I 20 Father's 5:43... am John bride's name"my prospective happy

3:2 to hospitality, teach"to I Tim. 49 "given... call 22 Dove's

I Chron. ft: Chapter 50 12 in Matt, beginning "And he entered into

I a obtained ship"message,... Many 2324 City"Withof a Benjamingreat... this freedom"Acta

22:28. 6:9 this Matt. therefore "After 51 manner ye"select styles to from.,.. 25 Doctor. evil"6:13 deliver Matt... from "but 53

... to 26 is "pray Father Matt. in secret"which "in 6:9 art Matt. 54 "which..... 6:6

in that 7:22 to will Matt. say day"57... "Many 'jhe 28 that the doeth 7:21 Matt. Father"of my sparkling type and New into temptation"Matt. not 6:13 us 58... "And 29 thine "That alms in Matt. 6:4 secret"may......

... our 6:12 Matt. debtors""as 30 59 surprise of Exclamation we

.. faces.. Prices mod31 Yard

32 Daughter of Zachariah and mother of Hezekiah Our text is 11. 12, 20, 26. 28, 29, 34, 36, 38, 44, 45.

erate. II Kings 18:2 46, 47, and 54 combined

Prompt, courteous attenVERTICAL tion to all orders. Call in

number of them is to be re-, 3:48 person or write. 23 Rodent"standingof inWest...Indiessynagogues* Matt. 6:5 30 "wherewithdeemed"Num.the

5 Correct 33 Jesus the Savior of Men (Latin initials) 6 "he shall in no... lose his reward"Matt. 10:42 35 Eldest son of Judah Gen. 38:3

7 "the harvest 8 Right Guard is the... of the world"Matt. 13:39 3937 "itNorthhathAmericabeen said,... eye for... eye"Matt.

9 Back, a combining form 5:38

10 Amount 41 "... us this day"Matt. 6:11

13 Destiny 43 One who makes friends easily 14 "Give us... by... our daily bread"Luke 11:3 44 An arched roof

Jhe <JJe5emt r/eu/d j-'rete 1518 "This"... isFather"my belovedMatt...."6:9 Matt. 3:17 4748 A"HallowedBenjamitebe I thyChron...."7:12Matt. 6:9

20 Coquettish 49 "shall bore his ear through with an..."Ex

29 Richards Street 2221 AncientCut Scotch or Irish monks 50 21:6Three fifths ivory

24 Cunning 52 "your Father knoweth what things... have need

Salt Lake City, Utah 25 "And forgive us our...s"Matt. 6:12 of"Matt. 6:8

26 Though 54... kf is handkerchief

27 "Whatsoever things are..."Phil. 4:8 55 Africa

29 "shut the doors, and... them"Neh. 7:3 56 No good

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Smith JOSEPH L WIRTHUN leftTheall hisfourthworks,viewpoint—Josephthe Book of Mormon,

(Continued from page 441 Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of Great

May I be permitted to digress long Price, revised Bible, for future criticalenough to say that any member of this study. He stands alone in this. Joseph WHENEVER

Church or any citizen of this great Smith, unlearned in the ways of men, the Occasion spoiled disillusioned nor by the that neither the idearepublic that advocates calls for men, theories or science of was selected States Constitution of the Unitedthe should be relegated to the past is on and foreordained before the creation of Something dangerous ground, for such a proposithe world to bring forth the gospel of tion destroys one of the fundamentals the Lord Jesus Christ for the second upon which true religion and democratime, hence his works will stand forever tic government are founded, namely the and ever. This is the only answer to JoGIVE

principle of free agency. Free agency, seph Smith and his work. Possessed

so far as the Church of Jesus Christ is neither of friends nor wealth, without concerned, is the foundation upon the protection of kings and noblemen, which the whole gospel plan was formwith no opportunities of worldly trainulated in the preexistent world. ing, yet regarding him and others, one

deShibley, American, Fred noted W. also of stands The Wisdom Word the the clared, and country "What ofas example revelaprophecy an and

is resurgence a needs DELICIOUS today world tion, health, of sustained God's law by taught the philosophy by Conof in science, themodernday which davs Smith. fucius, Jesus, and Joseph

little theof Prophet but done had and work PINK will appallinq an have Otherwise COLD we scientific point offrom a as view Josiah decadence."of to period human

for not andwhat good was good man CHOCOLATES is "It declared, means no by Quincyphysically.

improbable that some future textbook

From the point of view of prophecy, for the use of generations yet unborn compare Joseph Smith's declarations will contain a question like this: 'What

with the statement of Mosiah found in historical American of the 19th century chapter 8, verse 17 and 18: has exerted the most powerful influence

But a seer can know of things which are upon the destinies of his countrymen?'

past, and also things which are to come, and the answer may be"'JosePn Smith, "If It's and by them shall all things be revealed, or, the Mormon prophet.'

rather, shall secret things be made manifest, It is intensely interesting that Fred Glade's It's Good'and hidden things shall come to light, and Shibley and Josiah Quincy, men not things shall are not which be known made faith, classify Smith's of would Joseph also things shall and by them,known be teachers, greatest of the Jesus with him otherwise themmade by could which known a give Confucius, him Christ and andnot be known. has provided a Thus God

means that man, through faith, might work place among the world's and America's mighty miracles; therefore he becometh a greatest. As Moroni declared to Joseph

great benefit to his fellow beings. Smith, his name would be had for good

evil the nations. and among Today it Please Make n ever stopped to consider men Have for than evil. more good had

that of all the ecclesiastics great since is

I stood in old Reservationsthe days of Christ and His apostles, A few years ago stairs the Jail, up and walkingthere has but been has one the Carthage used who to occupied and by Joseph the room saithterm, the "Thus Lord"? Joseph his In Advance

in meditathere standing friends andSmith, directly speaking for the Lord, tion, to suppose thought the me, came first this right. that thewas one had He

last anguish, of in the moments Joseph, for the asspoke did Lord Moses, Jeredisap- LIKE to DON'T the WE certain death, confronted facing hadmiah, Ezekiel. and point visit you -when you this with bloodthirst Carthage Grays

the authenticity Salt of the Third, Lake. Tremendous warBook I "I not did of statement: an imposter. am

traffic time this in area given should consideration. beMormon the the see Father Son. and The Book that operating means are weHistorians, of science, doctors men and creation."is of of The own my Mormon to capacity. next time So religionof period of over a one hundred responded Carthage have Grays would you wish accommodationsthirteen critical years a have most made Salt at to return voice, Lake's hotel, with one "Joseph, newest Nauofanalysis the Book of Mormon, won't you please write us failvoo.

ing to find inconsistencies or contradicWe promise to permit you to live well in oi your advance in peace."

in trip?tions the doctrines in of Christ, Your Jesus trip will be more could not Smith any make Joseph

enjoyable fact,history you when In or know geography. research for, "I he, said the statement such saw definite you have reservain Centralwork acand South America I that the Son, and Father and knew tions at the sincecumulated the the of martyrdom it, it, I not could and deny knew God

sustainsProphet the of Book Mormon it; I I at that least neither dared do knew

its origin.as that, to More than so doing I would offend God men by and Hotel for themselvescan through study know rather condemnation,"under and come

and humble supplication before the than deny his testimony to the world, is that theLord, Book of Mormon is in sealed it his blood, with inhe which Temple Square the last Lord.deed of the Moroni, the scripture in accordance With found

inwriter the Book 9, 16, chapter verse of Mormon, leaves Hebrews, "For Salt Lake Citywith the this promise: reader is, also of there must where a testament

And when ye shall receive these things, I necessity be the death of the testator."

that exhort yewould would ask you God, of Smith, the death what Joseph With

CLARENCE L. WESTthe in Eternal the Father, Christ, of name to the of authority mantle happened and

Managerif if true; things these are shall not and ye in that held? he the keys were They

heart, intent, a sincereask real with with the the possession of of the Council in faith Christ, willhaving manifest the he truth of it unto you, by the power of the Twelve because the revelation of the

Holy Ghost. (Moroni 10:4) ( Concluded on page 444

JULY, 1943 443.

JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN hadthat subsidiesseemed toandworkcontrolsat crosspurposesof every kind (Concluded from page 443) with that which the prophets of the

Lord to the Prophet indicates the Lord were guiding us to do.

Twelve are equal in authority to the The spirit of all this Welfare activity

First Presidency (D. & C. 107:23, 24). throughout the Church and the meanThe Council of the Twelve selected ing of all this preparation seemed to

Brigham Young, through revelation and have found expression in a dedicatory inspiration. From the martyrdom of the prayer offered by one of the Presidency

Prophet Joseph until the present day, all of the Church in August of 1940 when of his successors have been so selected the elevator down on Welfare Square until today the same mantle of authority was dedicated. Here was a statement

rests upon the shoulders of President from that beautiful and inspired dedicaHeber J. Grant and the same keys are tory prayer:

vested in him for the furtherance of the work of the Lord. May this be an edifice of service, a conThere is but one answer to Joseph ittributionto theeofandlove,askandthyasblessingssuch wetodedicateattend

Smith, and the answer is found in his all who may have contributed to its erection, story, his life, and his achievements. It and all who may contribute to the keeping

is also found in the lives of those who of these bins filled with the wheat which is have accepted the gospel of the Lord considered necessary to be preserved pre

Jesus Christ and have been blessed with paratory foe the judgments that await the a testimony of its divine origin. Joseph nations of the earth. (David O. McKay,

Smith should not be a man of mystery August, 1940) to the world, but a true servant of God, Then came 1937. The voice of the

for as the Savior declared, "... By their Lord again spoke through His mouthfruits ye shall know them"(Matt. 7:3) piece from this place to Israel. Indi-

I am grateful for the witness with viduals were told to go beyond Welwhich the Lord has blessed me, confare production, putting storage in their sufficient places for sup- a needed own all that vincing doubt beyond Joseph me ply. sat Oh, there were some who the apostle of an Lord Another Smith was Jesus

Christ, a prophet, seer and revelator, back in that day, just like the scorners WAR FRONT? and through him God's greatest gift to who sat in the house of Lehi's dreams,

man has been made available to all who and pointed fingers of scorn at the LatTHIS MIGHT BE a scene in Casa accept His teachings. This gift is known terday Saints who heeded that call, Blanca, Tunisia or Melbourne—as the gift of salvation, and there is no and came to a point after the declarabut actually it is a familiar scene in greater gift. tion of war when all such were dubbed

as hoarders, of being accused and were of the Hotel Utah. the lobby Smith, humble, a Joseph unknown unpatriotic the that great to urge was

privileged are fisherFor boy, as Peter we to be of farm the lowly was this great being of naAmerican made service to members of the armed man—and yet in the hands of God he tion. But shortly after that finger of

services who make the Hotel Utah became the mightiest and the greatest scorn was pointed and those epithets their headquarters while in Salt in this, the dispensation of the fulness of were thus hurled, we had a letter from

Lake. times, for he definitely reaffirmed the a state consumer officer in connection

existence the actual of Father and office the the His with asked O.P.A. who because comes country our And Christ. "the beloved Jesus Yes, Son its stimulate to to Church membership

first, because first thought our things shall of the world weak come store, to to produce the very and do

Victory, can to hasten you be must the break forth and mighty and down for five that thing six the years and understand why we are no longer strong ones."May our obedience to Church had actually been doing under

able to accommodate everyone as and compliance with the gospel of the the direction and by the counsel of the we would like to do, and have done Lord Jesus Christ as restored through leadership of this Church.

instrument, His Smith, increase Joseph past. in the there Again came counsel in 1942; a testimonies of our Smith's divine Joseph change made. was Please make reservations well calling, ask, in of I humbly the name

in advance of your visit, so that Jesus Christ. Amen. We renew our counsel, said the leaders

we may have the pleasure of servof the Church, and repeat our instructions:

ing you, too! Let every Latterday Saint that has land,

HAROLD B. LEE producethereon andsomethenvaluablepreserveessentialit; or if foodstuffhe cannot produce an essential foodstuff, let him

(Continued from page 397) produce some other kind and exchange it for essential foodstuff; an have who again the voice of Lord was The

their land of own, knowland letwhothemhave again in 1936, heard were when we of farming told noedge try to and gardening, by our leaders that there should be a some, either by themselves or with others,rent production of all the things needed by and produce foodstuff thereon, and preserve those who would otherwise be unable it. Let those who have land produce enough

to provide for themselves. For seven extra to help their less fortunate brethren.

years the Church has been schooled in (Message of the First Presidency, April, the methods of production and distribu1942.)

of them before year the present rationing prolished—eightysixtion. Storehouses have been estabIt was as though they knew fully a today—grain

erected, elevators have been and yet in that to gram was inaugurated there had the face of all that anxious, feverish be a change from the previous activity activity that has been directed by the if we would be sustained in this time.

Presidency of this Church, there have Let me ask you leaders who are here been contrary voices, there have been today: In 1937 did you store in your

contrary philosophies of spending ourown basements and in your own private selves into prosperity; we have had a storehouses and granaries sufficient for

subversive economic program; we have a year's supply? You city dwellers, did

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you in 1942 heed what was said from hail, rain, thunders and lightnings, and fearthis stand? Did you go out and proful destruction.

cure that land a year ago in preparation And it is a matter of record that hardfor that which came last fall in the way ly had the last missionary been called i&t t?s

of a rationing program? If you didn't, home until all hell seemed to break

in fulfilment veritable loose find Europe, in rather yourselves anxiousyou now that given. WE BELIEVE IN the of situation, prophecy present had been theabout because

land this year is much more difficult When likewise the missionaries were called island the of the missions obtain. from to costlyand more much

Salt Lake years, the Sunday the Through criticissea, the clamor, heard same we I else that something remember was its in readers served many Tribune has ing these brethren they because were It said. this also declared from was

is complete, first to present Its a duty ways. things to that seemed some memthat pulpit vidoing interpretation the of the

it adds the of To this, report news. factual of the bers to necessary, not be Church thesion of Pharaoh by boy Joseph when

authorrecognized of such the comment disgreat the yet see and wisdom we the the seven leanhe seven and saw

Mallon, Paul ities in Lippmann, played already has as Walter done. been what fat the reverse, the seven fat kine—or

Root. Constantino Brown, and Waverly the lean sevenand up I think learn lesson could a from we kine—coming

find you will coverage This news complete the paralout of not water without was the in that story the read of book we lel in our own day. Of this parallel our Exodus (17:6-13), in the life of Moses only in the Sunday Salt Lake Tribune.

leaders reminded us in these words: the prophet. You will recall that Ama-

"We have had seven fat years,"(and lek had come upon Israel, and Joshua this marks the end of the seventh year was commanded by Moses to go out since the inauguration of the Welfare with his army. He said to Joshua, "I

plan). "We are warned that scanty will stand upon the mount with the roddays lie ahead."As I have thought of of the Lord in my hand, and you go HOME

that statement of the brethren, I have fight the battles of Israel."And as long

wondered if we may see a shadow also as he stood with his hands upraised, in the fact that the eleven brothers who Israel prevailed against the enemy, but were unguided by the spirit of the Lord his hands became heavy and he could FAMILY were forced to come to the one pronot hold them up, and when he would vident brother who listened to the word drop his hands, the enemy prevailed of God. I wonder if we are likewise over Israel. And so they set him upon Beyond the news, the Sunday Salt Lake

to see that parallel in Israel today. a rock upon the Mount, and Aaron and Tribune, through its complete feature secYes, there were some other things. Hur stood holding his hands upraised, tion, brings carefully prepared material on

May I just speak of one more? On that Israel would prevail in that terhobbies and interests in which all memJanuary 17, 1942, a letter was sent out rible day. bers of the family join. Society and sports

to all the Church urging and instructing That also is not without its shadow—homes and gardens—art and literature

that they discontinue stake meetings; to today and its lesson to Israel. Here and music—foods and fashions are among

restrict the travel by stake board memsits today on this stand the man as the many subjects thoroughly, intelligently bers, to cut down on other activities President of this Church who holds covered.

where otherwise they would not be able in his hand the rod of the Lord;

to conserve. And when you rememhe is sitting upon the mount, and as

ber that all this happened from eight long as his hands are upheld by obemonths to nearly a year before the tire dience to his direction and his counsel, and gas rationing took place, you may Israel will prevail against her enemies.

well understand if you will only take But whenever we come to a time when thought that here again was the voice we allow his hands to fall, and we as thisof to people, trying to the Lord fail the living Priesthood of the God forprepare the conservation prothem just to his hands, in that uphold day we JDYOF gram that within a year was forced may expect our enemies to come uponupon them. No one at that time could us and to destroy us. LIVING

surely foresee that the countries that had been producing certain essential I was down in Kelsey, Texas, last

I heard and of anx- a groupcommodities to be overrun were and we November, Sunday and the Tribune "funnies"are asking, ious people the day "Is now for synonymous throughout intothereby shortage. be forced a the Intermountain

this is newspaper regularly Tribune delves deeply Yes, you remember when the misuscometo cometo theup mountainto Zion, whereof theweLord,can read.West Sunday'swheresionaries into of the movies, taken out were Europe the stage, personalities of a where be protected from our we can folk. famous there ago,few years were many who I enemies?"that question, I pondered

said:sat in the seats scorners'who ALL THESE the THINGS, Sunday it. Tribune prayed should about say What we

in. believes is silly. is result The that last the During a completely"Why, to those in their people anxwere who engrossing newspaper, carefully edited, all did the not haveWorld we War I it iety? I bit, studied for have designed a have reading and enjoyment by out."missionaries taken those But who all the family. the Only Salt Sunday Lake learned Spirit something of the what

Tribune thatthus spoke forgot Brigham Young extends this complete reading taught, has that the and I know now enjoyment. ofhad voiced the Lord some the word is place in of safety in this world not

years ago when he said: any given place; it doesn't make so

Do you think there is calamity abroad much difference where we live; but the

now among the people?... All we have yet allimportant thing is how we live, and

heard, and all we have experienced is I have found that security can come to scarcely a preface to the sermon that is Israel only when they keep the comgoing to be preached. mandments, when they live so that they

Now, mark you this: can enjoy the companionship, the direction, the comfort, and the guidance of

When the testimony of the Elders ceases the Holy Spirit of the Lord, when they to the given be to says and them, Lord listen are willing to THE to these SUNDAY SALT TRIBUNE, LAKE men whom

I will home; preach"Come now delivered either with own the my daily Salt Lake set to has preside as here His God to the or nations Tribune earth,"Salt the of Dailysermons Telegram, the Lake all mouthpieces, and obey when we greatest the West's / newspaper buy, called scarcely be canyou know now /

costing each counsels of the Church. Sunday only iisfar to will preface the thata sermon preached be A

with fire and sword, tempests, earthquake, (Concluded on page 447)

JULY, 1943 445.

.. Here's Tour Job

FDR A FAMILY DF FIVE

For an average family of five (like Improvement Era families) OPA will allow enough extra sugar, in addition to the regular ration allowance, to put up 500 quarts of fresh fruits, or 400 quarts of fruits and 25 pounds of sugar left over for jams and jellies.

Home canning, on this scale, is both a privilege and a duty in this foodshort year.

Stamps Nos. 15 and 16 for HDW TD GET THE SUGAR: Spend * PMOVtT OF

five pounds each at your grocery store for home canning sugar. Then:;f$EmtM FARMS

make application in writing to your local ration board for additional sugar up to fifteen pounds per person... and take or send it, together with War I

Ration Book One for each person involved. om

GRANULATED AND I u SUGARH D M E PROCEE HOME Q R D W N -

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I sit presiding councils that the those thus in one of speak not are now who HAROLD B. LEE

of that in the the speaking Church, the of the and remember Lord mind and (Concluded from page 445) days gone by there have been those voice of the Lord and the power of God

When a decision has been reached who have fallen by the way because unto salvation.

by the presiding councils of the Church they went out in contradiction of the God help us to follow the light. May

and a majority in these councils has majority decision of that body. And so we be guided unerringly through this

decided on a certain policy, and then that places before you a safe guide. day of grave uncertainty, that we may

there comes a minority voice contrary Should there be those, even though be kept upon Zion's hill and be not to that majority decision one may know in high places, who may come among strangers and barbarians to the work of with a surety that that minority voice you not speaking the policy of the the Lord, but may be ones to listen to is not speaking the will of the Lord. I Church as declared by these men him who is our shepherd, whose voice

tremble when I think of the truth of that whom we sustain as the prophets of we know, I humbly pray, in the name of statement. I am greatly concerned when the living God, the Church may know the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS {Concluded from page 417) announces that the sacrament will be ance is as necessary to our salvation who may be present, and to accustom administered to members of the Church. as any other of the ordinances and comthem to the ordinance, they are taught without further comment. There mandments that have been instituted in

to accept the emblems of the sacrament. should, however, be no attempt to order that the people may be sanctiwithhold the bread and water from nonfied."(Discourses of Brigham Young,

The sacrament is intended for the members. If such persons partake, it P. 171.)

members of the Church. The covewill be upon their own responsibility; Members of the Church should denants in the prayer of blessing are those and to some extent at least they then light in the privilege of partaking of the

made when entrance into the Church is accept the meaning and covenants of Lord's sacred supper, thereby affirming consummated. Where there are many the ordinance. their faith in Jesus the Christ and their

nonmembers present in a sacrament President Brigham Young, speaking allegiance to the Church of Christ.-

meeting, the presiding officer usually upon the sacrament, said, "Its observ- /. A. W.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Concluded from page 415) training in R.O.T.C. and is now stalished fortnightly, and from that date

Mormon Distinction at Harvard tionedbridge, atTedCampfoundLee,timeVirginia.to act as InSundayCamweekly.The present change was caused by

difficulties local of of rising production, superintendent cost of in the School Jr., son

Russell restriction postage, branch, packing, of his wife, Janeth and where of theJhDwinL'PresidentQ. (Ted)EdwinCannon,Q. Cannon

Ensign Stake, was one of ten men at Cannon, was also active. supplies, and shortage of labor.

the Harvard Graduate School of BusiPresident Andre K. Anastasiou, actness Administration to receive the "Millennial Star"Now Monthly ing president of the British Mission and

George F. Baker scholarship award in The Millennial Star, one of the oldest editor of the Star, plans a sixtyfour

June, considered the school's highest of Church publications, became a page publication, "with an extra sixteen annual distinction. Along with his monthly magazine beginning April 1, pages as circumstances permit."

M.B.A. degree, Ted received a commis1943. From its inception in 1840 to Since 1840 the Millennial Star has

sion in the quartermaster corps of the 1845, the Star was published monthly. published almost one hundred thousand

U.S. Army as the result of four years'From June 1845 until 1852, it was pubpages.

"I'M S&virtfy 20% ON MY FIRE INSURANCE n—and getting the strongest and safest

capital stock insurance that money can buy, at the same time. That's what I call a good

buy! The GENERAL of AMERICA writes insurance on "preferred risk"property only,

which explains how they are able to make GENERALINSURANCE CO these sayings."QFAMERICA

Wom&Qffice Ask your GENERAL Agent—TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE... AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE OF AMERICA

SEATTLE H. K. DENT, President... Home Office:

Utah - Southern Idaho Service Office, 201 McCornick Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY, 1943 447 nounpkunaanusLet's Say It Correctly Bright Boy "Drom congenial Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr., youthful instructor Jimmy giggled when the teacher read the story of a man who * in physics who, through omnivorous reading, monthly "exswam a river three times before breakfast.

plores the universe"for the Era, there comes the following item "You do not doubt that a trained swimmer could do that, do—theStar—whichresult ofmightsomehavediggingappearedin an asolda issue"Let'sofSaythe ItMillennialCorrectyou,"No,Jimmy?"ma'am, but I wonder why he didn't make it four, and get

ly"nearly a hundred years ago: get back to the side where his clothes were."

Notice: Persons procuring postoffice orders to send

us are requested to be particular in giving our name Still Followed correctly. orders to have payable come Some "Horse to reporter: advice Twain's Mark a "Get your facts first,

Ide."and Hide"—-some to "Horson To avoid giving then 'em as you please."may distort you an incorrect pronunciation of the persons our name,

wishing to procure an order for us had better write our name on paper, in a plain legible hand, and present it Dog House Gossip to the Post Master issuing the order. This will save Beryln: "Your husband told Fred he led a dog's life."trouble. Remember that our name is—ORSON Madge: "Yes, he comes home with muddy feet, makes himself

HYDE.—Millennial Star, 8:143 (1846). comfortable by the fire, waits until he is fed and often growls."

in case And just the Best Method is magazine Improvement The some don't Era—notknow, theArea,officialEara,namenorofIraour Not

neither Improved nor New Era, although we hope the adFarmer: "I thought you said you were going to plow that

jectives fit! tenacre field?"

Hired Man: "Oh, no. I just said I was thinking about plowProofing the Proofreader ing it."

Farmer (grimly): "I see. You were merely turning it over in reference other things, gave "Decause, among a wrong we

in your mind."*J the scriptural puzzle, crossword misspelled and a name, and

an anachronism, committed and were inconsistent in punctuation—forand gave incorrectthesepagesinsnumbers,we are Undecided

awarding a copy of Gospel Standards to the following readers, "But you cannot withdraw your plea of guilty after the case first from their respective regions to report errors found in the has been heard. How is it you wish to reverse your plea now?"

May Era: "Well, you see, judge, dat speech ob mah lawyer done

Donald K. Barton, Iowa City, Iowa; George M. Bergman, 'vinced me I'se innocent."

Salt Lake City; Mrs. Thurman Burch, Oakley, Idaho; Mrs.

F. M. Henderson, Raleigh, North Carolina; William W. MorLittle Difference

Caligan, Palmyra, A. and Schow, York; Modesto, J. New to "Come, Madam: John, are ready we fornia.

Milliner: here's "Pardon, madam, the hat you go."bought—that's fling"errorto "last invited of in are indulge a Readers the wearing."box you're will finding, this close for of the "proofissue the Era's mark

reading invitational,"which for six months has been leading us a merry chase. Other readerparticipation features are being Confidence Personified

planned, however. Watch for them. The gogetter, hearing of a position open in another city,

will in the Proofreader"be announced "Proofing awards June the wired following "collect"message: to accept "Am on way

for in since redeadline September, winners month; next July the position (stop) deduct first cost of this telegram from my

is late for errors 25, porting too typographical August July salary."week's job. got the He

issue, errors this reporting in adIn found announcement.

dress a penny postcard to 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake The Modern Trend

City, Utah, indicating nature and position of the error. For

the last time, may you heed while you read. Farmer: "Hey, what are you doing in that apple tree?"

Small Boy: "Believe me or not, mister, but I've just fallen

Newberry, Florida out of an airplane."

Editors: have been reading The Improvement Era and I really enjoy Cagey Fellow

I it. I learn the the I read more and more more The to said the want grimfaced know,"woman, "how much it it. to I carried of to the read one I want more of husband my Iclasseslearn money"I drew out the bank my last week."to said read. teacher grand a the book it was and that "I cannot give information, the you madam,"answered

Pvt. Perry E. Hodge, Jr. man in the cage.

Camp Lee, Virginia. "You're the paying teller, aren't you?"

$ "Yes, but I'm not the telling teller."

Wigan, England Draft to Dodger could pass you might Era word you The Improvement IF its arrival here. tell appreciate them much how we "What did the squirrel say when he came out of the forest

it live. Long may fire?"

(Clifford Hartley, branch president, Wigan, England, in a "I have been defurred."

letter to Archibald F. Bennett, secretary, Genealogical Society

of Utah.) $ Kind to Dumb Animals

Franklin, Maine It was cleaning day at the menagerie, and the animals had am writing to thank you for my book, Gospel Standards. to be shifted into fresh cages. Patrick was assisting with the

I... Although I have been a subscriber to the.Era only a short transfer of a hyena.

time, I have read it quite a while through the kindness of the "Stiddy, there, lion,"he quavered.

missionaries and have always enjoyed it very much. It is "What's the idea,"asked an attendant, "calling that hyena

so nicely printed and in my humble opinion contains so few a lion?"

errors that I feel apologetic in calling attention to the slight "Have ye no tact? Can't ye see I'm flattering the baste?"

ones I do find. However, with such an incentive one can

hardly refrain.... Again I thank you for the book, which I Confidential

know will be a source of inspiration always. "How many of your girl friends are in on our little secret?"

Sincerely, "Six, all told."

Mary D. Wilbur "They would!"

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!Strengthen JAM and JELLY MAKERS

Powdered M.C.P. PECTINHome Ties BY SWITCHING TO

* YOU "* WHILE YOU DEVELOP M faith and Character!

with good books like these:

Articles of Faith 85c and $1.25 r *>i

Book of Mormon 60c and 1.50 MAKE THESE 3

Doctrine and Covenants 1.00 SIMPLE TESTS M C.P;JAVE fru. too. for

Pearl of Great Price.50 and You'll 1 -"** Can Tested rL*". y"Always Use W-?*cr P**geWay To Perfection 1.25 evX are <?* M.C.P. *,d PECTIN 'o Usemake easy jam. 1.25 of the TimesSigns d ie"ies <, ( haPionSCaua ODOR.25 inRecreation Wtexturedf the Home "yc,e.n With Let your f'* flavor

your nose be emphasized.emth 1.00 FunRhythm T guide as to

Musical Adventures 1.25 whether

your jams Presidents of the Church 2.50 and jellies

will be better when madeReturn To Religion 1.00 with M. C. P. PECTIN or e %%&*

Essentials in Church History 2.00 strongsmelling "oldfash-

ioned"liquid pectins.

Gospel Standards 2.25 COLOR

Joseph Smith's Teachings 2.00 The pronouncedBrigham Young, Colonizer 3.00 brownish J*

Brigham Young, Man and His -color of "oldWork 2.50 fashioned"

liquid pecJoseph Smith, American tins will startle you when

Prophet 3.00 you compare them with

the pure whiteness of Daniel H. Wells 2.50 M. C. P. PECTIN. (NOTE. For Sl, "'"'h P"to.

Add 2% Sales Tax in Utah TASTE

i:;:-:::"Please send for our price list. '.'i Comparethe strong,

K< disagreeUnable flavor of liquid pectins with the pleasing, faint lemonDESERET BOOK taste of M. C. P. Think ** t-'tii aF

in premeans what this '"fruit flavor. true serving '!- - TTW WS COMPANY

44 East South Temple Street TottdL ClutftOUtie* OUfAC'ams and jellies are rich, healthful foods. The Government sends large amounts of powdered pectin

Salt Lake City, Utah to our Allies to make them and help relieve shortages in other rich foods.

"The Book Center of the For this same reason, make all the jams and jellies YOU can, too... now!

Intermountain West"rHE IMPROVEMENT ERA RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

U/kat do25 the M&G mean?

LIBERTY—for the builder, plowman, prophet, and child.

JUSTICE—for the widow, orphan, rich.and poor.

SECURITY—in mansion, cottage, town, and farm.

PROGRESS—for the scholar, artist, and workingman.

HOPE—for the weary, oppressed, hungry, enslaved.

FAITH—in self, in neighbor, country, and God.

Buy Life Insurance for personal protectionLi. S. War Bonds for national security.

LJr2 a p jl m in s mram e m jf&b

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Uke City, Utah