FEBRUARY, 1938

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

HERE... ON THE SHELL CHEKCHART FOR

YOUR MODEL OF CAR... ARE SHELL'S HYPOID

VP01D GEARS? SURE THEV TAKE GEAR INSTRUCTIONS. SHELLUBRICATION

FECIAL LUBRICATION. WHENEVER MAKES ME DO THAT HYPOID JOB RIGHT. AND

CAR COMES OUT WITH NEW EQUIP- I GIVE YOU A SPECIAL COPYRIGHTED RECEIPT

IENT, SHELL SENDS ME COMPLETE OPE ON HOW TO LUBRICATE IT

orlour Shellubrication receipt is an ironbound guaranYtee of errorproof, thorough service. When your car is

delivered to you it couldn't be in better condition if its maker did the job. Upholstery vacuumed

For every step in Shellubrication is governed by recor brushed out. Tires

ommendations made by the men who built your car. Methand running board

ods of lubrication... proper types of oils and greases rubber dressed. Body

... correct lubricating equipment... all developed by squeaks silenced.

Shell for your particular make and model. All lights checked.

There is a Shellubrication dealer in your own neighborLenses cleaned. Body wiped off. Windows polished.

hood. Talk to him today about lubrication. Chromium shined. And many other extras.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

ff "ifllg TJfnm? ta ("katle! i%

% --:*-- *z

Those now historic words were uttered nearly two centuries ago in the British House of Commons by William Pitt, Earl of Chatham and champion of the

American colonists'rights.

Pitt's words were the ideal of the first American,

George Washington. The remains of the Father

of His Country now rest on the estate of Mount

Vernon, which was built entirely of wood 195 years ago, and stands today as a magnificent symbol of the cherished ideals of Pitt and Washington.

Is your dwelling your castle? You can make it so through our new easypayment, homerenovation plan.

Remodel Your

Home Without

It!Mortgaging

NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED

SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER & HARDWARE CO.

M. O. ASHTON, Manager Phone Hyland 555

//Mmprooement Era (b0*1}!)JUL JtilDlV—

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'What the current Priesthood instructions are from the Council

Heber J. Grant, of the Twelve and the Presiding FEBRUARY, 1938 John A. Widtsoe, Bishopric? Pages 104109

Editor Managing drink? 122 and Page THE CHURCH''THE VOICE OF C. Josephson, Marba

stake place to undertaken has What Associate Editor OFFICIAL QUORUMS, PRIESTHOOD ORGAN OF THE in every Page an Era 67 home? Morris, General Mgr. Q. ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTGeorge IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr. In what European village a MorTEACHERS, AGENCIES OTHER OF THE CHURCH AND SAINTS. ). K. Orton, Business Mgr. mon meeting was called by a OF JESUS CHRIST LATTERDAY OF Town Crier? Page 68

What the First Presidency has to say about young people who leave home for education and employment? Page 70

A Message from the First Presidency 70 Whathave assurancesfor fulfillmentLatterdayof allSaintsthe promises of 71 Page God? Victorious The Articles of Faith—XL God is Always Ignatius was of Antioch and A. Widtsoe 71 Who John does what to Church he mean

The Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 82 history? Page 72

Building Good Will in Britain Through Sports How the hand of God has been

Parry D. Sorensen 86 demonstrated in United States

The Flying Squadron John D. Giles 93 history? Page 74

Outward Bound Richard L. Evans 97 What is one couple's solution to

Some Notable "Era"Records, 67; When a Town Crier the marriage problem when finanCalled a "Mormon"Meeting, Leslie C. Coombs and Thomas cial concerns are discouraging?

L. Boyle, 68; Church Moves On, 98; Church Security, 103; Pages 7677

Priesthood: Melchizedek, 104; Aaronic, 108; Ward Teaching, What is the "Olive Branch Peti110; Department of Education: Repentance, A Principle tion?"Page 78

Progress, of 111; Mutual A. West, Roy

ecutives, Secretaries, 112; 113; Seniors, 114; Messages:M Men, 114;ExWhosend?was Joseph Longking TownPage 82

Gleaners, Explorers, 114; 115; 115; MenGleaner, M type have our Juniors, What of humor 115; 116; the Herald,"Hive, Bee Record Says "Montana

leaders Church produced?.—Page 89 Let's 118; Giles, 92. Mutual, D. John Go to

What did the Era's first editor, Joseph F. Smith, say about debt?

Page 92 The Protestors of Christendom—II. Ignatius, Bishop of What is "the Flying Squadron?"

Antioch James L. Barker 72 Page 93

The Hand of God in United States History How much less does a man weigh top of the on State BuildEmpire 74 R. Driggs Howard ing? 95 Page Petition 78 Branch The Olive Elbert D. Thomas

mission of Pacific the What has 80 for Guidance....Lane Statesmen Prayed Adams When W. never visited been the any of by

Pioneer Humor Daniel Harrington 89 General Authorities of the

Puppetry, A Profitable Hobby....C. F. GreevesCarpenter 100 Church? Page 97

Pop Warner Says "No,"122; Exploring the Universe, FrankWho is the new president of the

lin L. Harris, Jr., 95; On the Book Rack, 99; Homing, 100; New Zealand Mission? Page 98

Index to Advertisers, 125; Here's How, 127; Your Page and What new books by Church writers

128. Ours, are available? Page 99

How can puppets be made at home?

fcdii&dolA, Page 100 "The New Outpost"Richard L. Evans 96 What does the First Presidency say

the condition of our meet- A Girl's Valentine Marba C. Josephson 96 inghouses?about 103 Page

Jkiion, (pDsdhij., jwA&w&i (pu$$tsL EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Beckoning Roads (Chapter 1)....Dorothy Clapp Robinson 76 50 North MainOFFICES:Street, Salt Lake

City. Utah Anniversary Lola Diaz 81 Dinner—A Copyright the 1938. by Young Men's Mutual of Navajo The Outlaw Improvement Association Corporation the of ShortMountain—(Conclusion)Short Story Church of Jesus Christ Latterday Saints. of Albert R. 84 Lyman All rights reserved. Subscription price. $2.00

Old Brooms Jay Y. Tipton 90 a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office. Salt City, Lake 69;

as Utah, secondclass matter. for Acceptance AFrontispiece:Prayer, L. WhoN. Smith,Makes93;a Home,Poetry AlicePage, Lee94; Eddy,Scriptural at mailing special rate of postage provided

Crossword Puzzle, 126. for in section 1103. Act of October, 1917,

authorized luly 2. 1918.

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes JPUL The Improvement Era is not responsible confojU/L tributions. All manuscripts be must accompanied rockfirm of all foundation in ideals to our basic symbolized American seems be for by sufficient postage delivery return. and The

this of mountainsized conceived head Washington, George and created by NATIONAL ADVERTISING international sculptor Borglum, of eminent Idaho fame. Gutzon This Washington REPRESENTATIVES

head is one of several figures of patriots that are being hewn out of the rough rock Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

of nature under the direction of Mr. Borglum, at Mount Rushmore, near Rapid City in George T. Hopewell 6 Co., New York

E. it, Hills traveler the Black Dakota. of South beholds of those it is one who To the Hil.J. F.PowersBest. &DetroitCo., Chicago

rare the creative brain of the works hand with where combined and have man magnificent provisions of nature to bring to pass a breathtaking experience. Permission

to reproduce this dramatic photograph of the Rise Studios of Rapid City, South A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

Dakota, was secured for us through the courtesy of Mr. John A. Boland, Treasurer of

the Mount Rushmore National Memorial Society. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

SOME NOTABLE RECORDS! Many Stakes Achieve Success.

Los Angeles Aims to Place an WAS I SURPRISED!

"Era"in Every Home—I couldn't believe you

T AST year Los Angeles Stake chalcould make good panlenged to lead the Church in the cakes with a prepared matter of placing the Improvement pancake flour until I

Era, the Churchwide missionary, changed to Globe "Al".

its people. in the of That homes

I suprised! Was Now I idle threatthis not challenge an was

it's the buttermilk know of the close at the apparentbecame season last April when Los Angeles in Globe "Al"Pancake MfiwuSfMitii.tJm-L***23

Stake reported that 1064 of its Flour that gives that "- homes were now enjoying the inextra richness.

fluence of the Era—which figure

was a new alltime Church record for total number of subscriptions.

This year Stake President Leo J. Muir, Y. M. M. I. A. Superintendent George A. Baker, Y. W.

M. I. A. President Geneva Langlois,

Stake Era Director Arnold G. Morris, and their zealous associates have

held a "council of service"again, and have taken into account the permanent slogan "An Era in Every created by President GrantHome,"GLOBE "Al"several ago. years

Stake so out Angeles of Los FLOUR PANCAKE And & WAFFLE m; fIthis the and \ year has come avowed found You're if you haven't missing something

publicly announced determination "SUvmtL out how much better Globe "Al"Pancake and to be the first stake in the Church Waffle Flour is. Try a package. Taste the differto place the influence of the Era in flavor,ence thatrichnessoldfashionedand tenderness.You'llbuttermilkbemakesglad yonin

homes equivalent to the total numbought Globe "Al".

ber of families in the entire stake, which is more than fifteen hundred.

And in this distinguished missionary endeavor the stake officers have 'L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS"

the full and active cooperation of the stake presidency, stake highcouncil, ward bishoprics and the Trained Men and Women Get entire personnel Priesthood whose The Jobs!official also is. organ the Era

in the field of business? Many other stakes are also reAre you prepared for YOUR opportunity

porting outstanding records and the following stakes and missions have already reported subscriptions in excess of their quotas:

San Francisco Stake, Snowflake,

Kolob, Cache, Big Horn, Maricopa,

Raft River, North Central States,

Idaho Falls Stake, Bannock, Bear

Lake, East Central States Mission,

St. Joseph, Juarez, New York,

Montpelier, Moapa, Franklin, Ensign, Union, North Davis, Rexburg,

Star Valley, San Juan.

These stakes and missions have not yet stopped in their campaign toward "The Era in Every Home,"nor have other stakes, nearly 75 We offer professional training in per cent of which it is expected will Stenotypy Business English Machine Calculation reach their quota before the April Gregg Shorthand Typewriting Salesmanship Penmanship Accounting Walton Law fiftydeadline.20th hundred Four

other subjects.—andCommercialmany their quota, are also oversix wards

dates are The next registration February 28 7 and March the cent per eighty of than moreand wards and independent branches of Information will be gladly furnished on request.

will in all probabilitythe Church yet L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE this goal bereach muchcherished

70 North Main Street Wasatch 1812 Salt Lake City, Utah close. season'sfore the Era

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 193 8

A TOWN CRIER CALLED A HEADQUARTERS \\WHEN

FOR ALL L D. S. MORMON"MEETING

By WriteMUSICfor sample copies of the following publications new LESLIE C. COOMBS

version of the popular light Condensed opera and CHIMES OF NORMANDY Adapted by THOMAS L. BOYLE J. Spencer Cornwall

and W. O. Robinson Of the French Mission

NEW BOOK OF ANTHEMS By B. Cecil Gates

CHORUSES FOR MALE VOICES HTucked away in the Jura mounNew arrangements by tains of Switzerland not far from

J. Spencer Cornwall lies a verdant border the French

Also all music for Mutuals, Relief Solittle surrounded completely valley, cieties, High Schools and Community

Performances. by low hills covered with pine and

Largest stock of Sheet Music called valley Val "Le This and Mumaple.

sicians supplies in the Intermountain in longest of the is one de Ruz"West. this T0WNMORMONCRIERMISSIONARIES.OF FONTAINES AND THE

mountainous region of beauty.

Daynes Music Co. ed Mormonhere aboutmissionariesfortytwofirstyearsappear-ago, rious team. Watchmaking is also a

to Successors Consolidated Music Company senbach,the first beingwho isPresidentnow presidingO. F. overUrverythe largestflourishingwatchindustry.factories suppliesOne of and

Daynes Beebe Music Company the French Mission. Since that date work to nearly everybody in one

47 South Main Street no Elders have worked here for any of the towns.

Salt Lake City, Utah length of time until last June when These villages, rapidly being

Elders Leslie C. Coombs of Fairmodernized by the introduction of

view, Utah, and Thomas L. Boyle the dial system telephones, and the

of Preston, Idaho, were sent by invasion of other modern conventhe to reopen Ursenbach President still iences, cling to that customs date B H LIS of lapse after ED such a long valleyESTA in centuries. events Important back ONE CHARGE TWO GUESTS—time. are the advertised yet the town by center the Broadway, Seventh andLOCATION:

COMFORT: ofForshopsyou andin furnishings,shows. atmosphere Tracting was at first very strange oldtime town crier, who stops at

and service. and interesting because the houses, strategic points, rolls his drum until

POLICY: One

price. or Notwodoubleguestsrate.in room. Same being halfhouse and halfbarn, it the populace gathers round and

RATES: Rooms with bath. Choice was difficult to find the correct door nearby windows are thrown open,

Double Bed—Double or Twins to some of the homes, and more and then in a loud voice he reads

$2.50 $3.00 $3.50 than once we found to our surprise his declaration. Last October 27 we

"No thrilled beyond words when FrankBargaining—NoR. Wishon, PresidentWorry"our insistent knock answered by the were

HOTEL LANKERSHIM horse.lowing of a cow or the whinny of a nouncedthis characterto the frompopulaceoldenthattimesat eightanLOS ANGELES Scattered the length of the valley o'clock that evening Mormon misare twentytwo villages ranging in sionaries would hold a public meetpopulation from fifty to one thouing in the schoolhouse and would

sand persons. In most of the towns present an illustrated lecture on

first It the perhaps, time was, Utah. still MOBEGOO0S stands fountain public old the

1 ANO SOLO ABE R.LPolk&Co. in history that such an announceBOUGHTTHBOUWTM little church Protestant the near

USTS cussinED nemcss Directory Publishers little in this been ment had made tip of the on weathercock a with. DIRECTORY Established in Utah village Fontaines. of This system evethe its spire. and In morning 1890

District Office ning the air rings with the sound of advertising, although ancient, 405 Dooly Block—Salt Lake City of cowbells, as the herd is being was very effective, and our hired

driven from the fragrant pastures. hall was filled to capacity. Sixty

Most of the populace are farmers people were present, not one of and the methods used to till the soil whom was a member of our Church.

1 1 It.. modern. In one field a tractor may tracts to everybody and we hope Wt Ol are a curious mixture of ancient and After the lecture we distributed

A COMPLETE be seen pulling a plow, while in the to follow up these leads with visits

SERVICE ENGRAVING is crackfield adjoining, the farmer portraits to the largest From Missionary of his the backs ing his whip above catalogues. toWethearehomesvery muchof the encouragedmost interested.with

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. plodding yoke of oxen or cows. the success of our first public meetUTAH ENGRAVING CO. Sometimes horses and oxen are ing and hope to duplicate it in all

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah hitched together, making a very cuthe villages of "Le Val de Ruz."

WlaJieA. jCL diomsL 1Who

HO makes a home needs patience for the years

And courage for the hazards they may bring. w

It cannot be a hasty, shoddy thing.

It must evolve, emerge,-a tree that rears

Its great crest slowly, steadfast. Though it fears

The storms, it stands against them. It must cling

To the sustaining earth; so home must spring

From love's deep soil. If there be pain and tears,

There will be comfort too and joy and pride.

He must be strong and not afraid to grow,

And growing, glory in the surging tide

That's all of life. Who makes a home must know

That home is more than persons, time, or place,—

A home's the noblest flowering of the race.

Bi CUksL 3&SL ddi

THE SNOWCOVERED COTTAGE

From a Painting in Watercclors by Rachel Grant Taylor

*** \ f

<0<)0<)0<!CX>0<>C)0<<>X>XD<>0<)0<)0<><><)0<>0<>0<0<>0<)0<)0<>0<0

i

I 5 I

B i 5 (L VYlsLL&aqsL 5 pWSTL 55

I J

i THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

I

i OF THE CHURCH i (Concerning the Welfare of Young People Leaving Home for Study 5 or Employment.

HPo ALL Church Members:

Many of our young people are leaving the intermountain country and 5 going away to distant and generally to larger communities, for the purpose

J of further study or employment. In too many cases the parents and the

ward bishoprics fail to take the opportunity to advise these young people 5 to associate themselves promptly and actively with the ward or branch in the place where they expect to locate. The spiritual welfare and the

temporal safety of all young people are always greatly enhanced by making themselves acquainted with the bishopric or branch presidency, giving them their addresses, and keeping in close touch with these officers. Some

sad stories could be told as a result of the failure of young Church members to seek the counsel of Church officers in localities where they are strangers, and to take active part in Church activities.

We take this occasion, therefore, earnestly to advise all families having sons or daughters who are away from home for study or employment, and all ward bishoprics who know of such young people, to write these young people promptly and impress upon them the importance of affiliating themselves actively with the Church organization in those localities; and of keeping closely in touch with the Church officers, who can give them safe

counsel and encouragement.

Furthermore, where the bishoprics know of such young people in any 5 such localities, they are urged to write to the ward bishoprics or branch I presidents in the cities where these young people have gone, giving to these officers the names and, if possible, the addresses of the young people and encouraging the officers to seek the young people out and do what they can for them.

Realizing that the spiritual progress of all the young men and women in the Church is of the greatest concern and value to all of us, we remain, with cordial wishes, Sincerely your brethren,

The First Presidency.

f

5L < <=x xzxxrx xzx xzx xzxxrx >CXX=X!<3><><0:> XZXOXX>CXX3Kx=xx=x xzxxxo

The articles of faith (Read the Tenth Article of Faith) xi. tfotL jll. dhvmjA. (JjuJ&uojua,

Theconceivedplan forand humanput intowelfare,execuBy DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

tion includes the Lord, by a Of the Council of the Twelve of events,program indeed by which the progress of the plan may be observed. Many of these predicted blessings are those who possess the

"ministry and Priesthood"of Abraevents—such as the coming of man,

the episode of the Garden of Eden, ham. "As many as receive this Gosthe sacrifice of Christ, the restorapel shall be called after thy name,

tion of the Gospel in the last days and shall be accounted thy seed, and have already occurred; others, as shall rise up and bless thee, as their

mentioned in the Tenth Article of father."The question arises whether

Faith, are yet to transpire. the redemption of Palestine will be

These events, despite man's freaccomplished until the Jews and quent failure to accept the conditions their brethren yield obedience to the of the plan, have been steadily realGospel and receive the Priesthood.

ized throughout the long periods of The promise has also been made man's occupancy of the earth.. That that in the last days the lost tribes

is but an evidence that man does not of Israel shall be found and return have the power to defeat the purto their brethren, the Jews, to win poses of the Lord. Endowed with the blessings of their great ancestor.

free agency, man may accept or reThis promise seems also to be in ject truth, may abide in the faith or ARTICLES OF FAITH process of fulfillment. A worldforsake it, but the God of Israel, He Of the Church of Jesus Christ wide study, still in full operation, has

who slumbers not nor sleeps, moves of Latterday Saints shown that the blood of Israel is scattered the nations 1. in widely the Eternal believe God, amongirresistibly We to forward the destined

Christ, Jesus in Hia Son, and that of earth, perindeed so widely defeat only can in Ghost. thegoal. Man Holy his own Father,and

believe 2. We possibilities.high

for their ownthat sins,men willand benotpunfor hapslocationno ofnationthe mainis devoidbodyofof it.the Thelost transgression. In the faith of the Latterday ishedAdam's

that, believe through We all Christ, of mankind themayAtonebe tribes is not known. Some believeSaints there is the certainty that the ment3.

it is to in that and lawa obedience the northern the saved, hidden by lastforetold the events of dispensaGospel. the of it is earth, that of others minwastestion will of first the principles surely 4. Gospel believe that the come ordinances We

first. are: Gospel of the ordinances and of gled northern the nations withto pass. eternity speaks, hears, God second, Christ; Jesus the in Lord Faith

It matter. In not Europe. does third, immerby Baptism Repentance; all in creation theand end obeys!

; fourth, sins of remission for the sion lost tribes the or another one way I is Jehovah, and name know"My the gift of for the of hands Laying on

will returnthe beginning; thereHoly the from end be believe must that a man 5. WeGhost. their ancientfore shall called prophecy, of by the and God, by be over thee."hand my or privilege—theare returning toGospelclaim

The Latterday Saints look eagerly layingin authorityon of tohands,preachby thethoseGospelwho andare and the Priesthood.

the thereof. of people gathered Lord ordinances the in administer The fulfillment theforward to of the

in the believe same organization 6. We organized, the be under Gospelprophecies promises pertaining and Church, will in the Primitive existed that

to the last days in which we live. viz.,evangelists,apostles,etc.prophets, pastors, teachers, plan, over the face of the earth.

will cen'administrative be There gift of tongues, the in promise been has to The made 7. We believe

healing, visions, revelation, prophecy, chief the of ters, the which will be faithful,the true the children of etc. interpretation of tongues,

to believe Bible be the *Zion. word city center, the foremost of ThisIsrael, despised, often who have

it is cortranslated as far 8.GodWe the of the from which Lord word arebeen and of also the ofrectly scattered among believe the MorBook; weas

God. of the be word mon issue, the will be built upon that in of the earth,nations last the rewill believe that has God 9. Weto continent. western, all reveal, American vealed, and Anthat shall now Healldoes todays they be gathered form

peoples of power and influence. The wgreatbelieveand thatimportantHe willthingsyet revealpertainingmany other such important center will be

to of the God. Kingdom continent, eastern Jerusalem, the on ofhistory the Latterday Saints

10. literal gathering in believe the We will issue the law based from which fulfillment the restoration of the Israel of this promise,shows of the and in

a fulfillment which will become more thisTen Tribes[the;American]that Zion willcontinentbe built; uponthat upon the word of God. An underwill naturalness will the reign personally order standable Christ and uponlargely accomplished with the adre- earth will be earth that the and, first days. last as the mark the years.vancing its glory. receive paradisiacal newed; and

Such a promise was given to ing11.AlmightyWe claimGodthe accordingprivilege ofto worshipthe dicAbraham of old, respecting his detates of our own conscience, and allow "\\7hen the last days approach the

scendants and the Holy Land. This worshipall men how,the samewhere, privilege,or what theylet themmay. end, the true Ruler of Earth

subject believe in being to will 12. We take in topromise possession process seems appear of fulof His now

rulers, presidents, magiskings, and fillment. said, to Let Christ the however, own. it be Jesus trates, in suswill come obeying, honoring, and

that the present return of the Jews taining13. Wethebelievelaw. in being honest, true, reign personally upon earth. To

virtuous, in dobenevolent, chaste, their andto the task of committed only ancient homeland may Him was to all say ing good indeed, we may men the asbuilding chapter a temporary, preparatorybe was earth; to Him of that follow the admonition; Paul we

in the story of Jewry. The promise Wethings,believewe haveall enduredthings, wemanyhopethings,all signed the labor and pain of humanwas made to Abraham and his seed; and hope to be able to endure all things. redemption; He has ever been the

but in modern revelation it is made ofIf theregood reportis anythingor praiseworthy,virtuous, lovely,we seekor mediator between God and man, the clear that the seed of Abraham who after these things.—Joseph Smith. advocate of humanity before the

have a claim upon the promised (Continued on page 118)

JhsL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM A STORY DEALING WITH THE WRITINGS AND TEACHINGS OF THE

APOSTOLIC FATHERS AND WITH THOSE NOTABLE CHARACTERS OF RELIGION WHO THROUGH THE CENTURIES HAVE PROTESTED AND WHO

HAVE BEEN PROTESTED AGAINST.

TIEit difficultLACK of tohistoricalascertaindatathemakesexact By JAMES L BARKER extent of the Church at the end Head of the Department of Modern Languages of the first century; however, there at the University of Utah, and a member of the

were groups of members in various General Board of the Deseret Sunday School cities of Asia Minor and Greece, at Union.

Rome, and at Alexandria.

From about A. D. 33 to 44, Jerusalem was the center of the church.After 44 A. D., Peter did not reside II. QtpwJtujbbu, (BiaJwp o drdhdv

regularly in Jerusalem and little is known of his activity; other than of them to be on their guard against the Protestants and Catholics generally

Paul, there is little or no authentic heresies which then for the first time consider seven of the letters as information concerning the missionwere beginning to obtain, and exgenuine.

ary travels of the Apostles. From horted them to hold fast to the tradiThe importance of the testimony

44 to 68 A. D., Antioch in Syria was tion of the Apostles.... While he of the Ignatian letters concerning the

the center of missionary work for was in Smyrna where Polycarp was, constitution of the early church is

Paul. In the period from 68 to 100 he wrote one letter to the church at difficult to exaggerate. "The mar-

A. D all of the Apostles except Ephesus... and another to the tyred bishop of Antioch constitutes

John were probably dead. John church at Magnesia... and an- a most important link between the

made Ephesus the church center. other to the church in Tralles. In Apostles and the Fathers of the

Clement's First Letter to the Romans addition to these he also wrote to early church. Receiving from the

was written during the time Ephesus the church in Rome, and to it he exApostles themselves, whose auditor was the church center of the world, tended the request that they should he was, not only the substance of or the Teachingand Didache The for of deprive of not the hope him their revelation, also but own inin Patrithe ( discoveredthe Twelve off him he longed which by it; dwelling, interpretation of spired begging1 at library ofarchal Jerusalem Conhis from martyrdom."fountainhead at as the it were, very

in Bryenniosstantinople 1875) by truth, his testimony gospel must of letters Igof the of forms Three this period. date from Themay it greatest necessarily the with carry short, long, are natius a a known:

letter ofletters the Ignatius of and serious most weight the demand and form. abridged a probably and The

2 in followthe writtenPolycarp were consideration."letters the contains long form seven

1 10ing D. decade, around A. in addiand, Eusebius mentioned by certain records of Clement Rome

is In to addition contained what tion, six others. curform This was the facts concerning traditions andin little letters the Ignatius, of very in short rent the Ages. Middle The of the constitution doctrines and

is him. about the Besides known restored Archbishop form was by letters of in in the the church West;Latin Ignatius, sec- a name, he had in Latin aid of the a 1644 by Ussher conmaterials are Ignatius found

ond name, Theophorus, meaning version made in 1250 A. D. from a cerning conditions in the church in

tradition"borne says of God,"and original. lost In 1646, Greek time East, at that Isaac the the church's3 of the childrenhe one was took Jesus incomplete an published Vosius center. important world most

in blessed. His arms and was He text at Florence. Later found Greek

probably born a slave. If so, his an Armenian version was published "The Catholic Encyclopedia, vol 7, Igmaster secured a good education for in Constantinople. The short text natius of Antioch.

later set him free.him and He beis in pure form. found nowhere The "Philipp the Schaff, Apostolic History of of Antioch, bishop thecame second later of theatre discovered form, John's abridged p. probably 427: "The Church,

to hold the office after the founding by Dr. Cureton in 1845 in a Syriac labors was also the main theatre of the

apostolic close the the life at Christianof the the church Peter. of Apostle by letters only: text, contains three

first Chrisseat the principal of period. At to Eusebius,According sent "he was Polycarp. Ephesians, and Romans, thence tianity Antioch; then Jerusalem; was to Syria tofrom eaten be by Rome.".. it westward moved Ignatian of authenticity Uie Thebeasts Christ. in testimony of He the Apostolic Schaff, Philipp History of letters Calvin disputed by and was the fixed 399: permanent p. taken through Asia "John Church, under mostwas

careful guard, and strengthened by his followers, and defended by seat of his labor in the renowned commercial his speech and exhortations the Catholic writers. At present, both cityimportantof Ephesus,of Paul'sthuscongregations.in one of the mostThis

local church of each city in which he 1Eusebius, Ecclesiastical History, III, fact is placed beyond question by the unanistayed. He particularly warned xxxvi. mous testimony of antiquity; and from the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

The agreement of Ignatius, Clemof the Savior, and Ignatius places the bishop,"but he clearly distinent, and John the Apostle is espewhat they give on the same footing7 guishes between himself and the cially significant: (1) as to the as the teachings of the Savior. Apostles."He writes letters to

prevalence of dissension Ignatius also and aposas, secure unity would indeed, other did churches11tasy, to constitution the to Ignatius the bishops (2) as Irenaeus of by Polycarp.u and and obedience8

) as church,the elders. to the importance to the churches of wrote to two ( 3

of the spirit and revelation. which the Apostle John wrote in the The Constitution letters the of the seven 13 of Revelation: 14those Dissension Church Philadelphia, but of Smyrna and

A ccording to Clement, there has '"The bishop was the highest auhe does not, nor does any other been a rebellion in the church thority having immediate superbishop, write them as their superior at Corinth; according to John, false vision over his church and the highadministrative officer in the church:

doctrines and apostasy are prevalent est authority present of any kind. there is no record of Ignatius or of

in the churches in Asia to which he John, the last of the Apostles, had in any other bishop acting in a manner writes; according to the letters of all probability disappeared. Ignatius comparable to that of John the AposIgnatius, false doctrine and lack of admonishes the faithful to obedience tle:

obedience are so common that the to the bishop and the elders, but he "He (John) used to journey by request

Gentiles, districts the of the neighboringsupreme his of extending thought no need of the churches is for had in others autoin places bishops, to appoint some unity.* thority of others admonition beyond others in to regulate churches, whole

Freedom from error and unity are and the supervision of his own local among the clergy some one man, it mayto be,set to be secured by following Jesus and church; he does not regard himself of those indicated by the Spirit. He came

the Apostles: they were prophets as the successor of an Apostle or of then to one of the cities (in which there

and, as such, were in a position to the Apostles. No one could demand [Continued on page 121)

judge of the genuineness of any and greater respect than he, a bishop, for was united to the Father and did nothing all revelation, public purported5 and6 upon the foundation of the apostles and withoutthe Apostles,him, neitherso dobyyouhimselfnothingnor throughwithoutprivate; agents the direct they were

prophets (ton apostolon kai propheton), the bishop and the presbyters (elders)."

article the the of the omission before second 1: "Ignatius the to "For VI, Ephesiansepistles the Revelation of (1:11. c. 2 and 3)

that the substantive as in shows two ideas, the of the master house everyoneit that whom of supervision appear would he had parallel the 3:5, be closely passage must his receive to business to sends.. ought do wethe in general. churches of Asia Minor

to as together, joined at are so mean, who it is clear sent as him. Therefore himIt the who probably. the of martyrdom was

the time prophets."same that the the regard bishop as must Lord we the in of Gentiles 64, theApostle atand

tendant dangers and distractions long an- "Ignatius to the Magnesians VII, 1: "As himself."

ticipated by himself (Acts 20:29, 30), that then the Lord was united to the Father and "Ignatius to the Trallians III, 3: "I am

to take this importantled John post, and him, neither did nothing without love, I might though by himself sparing you in my..."his structurebuild on the foundation own nor the Apostles. in bishhis (the through sharply more write you

laid Paul."by behalf: think I did myself not com- 1 op's) 'Ignatius the to XIII, Magnesians

like petent, convict, to give as a orders you 'Ignatius to the Ephesians IV, diligent therefore confirmed in the to be 1; XX; "Be

Apostle."an to theIgnatius VII, 1; Ignatius Magnesians the ordinances of of the Lord and Apos-

3: to the Ignatius IV, not "I do Romans..."to the Philadelphians, address; tles. IV.

did order as Paul; they Peter and were you Bardenhewer, 35: "the Patrology, p. op-

1:..."the XIII, to "Magnesians Apostles. subject "Be theponents of letters authenticity of the

... bishop as Christ subJesus even was 1.. xx, "Eusebius V, thatargue neither heresy imso was

ject Father, to the the and Apostles wereportant fully.matter. a nor so in developed 6: xx, "Eusebius wrote V, "Polycarp.". to subject Christ the Father. andthe Ignatius."of time either to individually Christians or 'to neigh-

1: all VIII, that Smyrnaeans "See. you boring churches'to to admonish some, "Schaff, History Apostolic of the follow the bishop, Church, as Christ follows Jesus."

.. others. strengthen "the 518: Apostles themselvesp. are to the the Father, be (elders) presbytery and as

considered prophets. When it is said of if it were the Apostles.""Revelation II, 8.

Christians (Eph. 2:20), that they are built Magnesians VII, 1: "As then the Lord "Revelation III, 7.

THE COLOSSEUM AT ROME, WHERE TRADITION SAYS IGNATIUS WAS MARTYRED.

JhsL in HAND OF GOD UNITED STATES HISTORY By DR. HOWARD R. DRIGGS

Professor of English Education, New York University, and President of the Oregon Trail

Memorial Association.

OUR WHOLE COUNTRY, THE SPIRIT OF GOD

HAS MOVED, DIRECTING THE aWERDESTINIES OF THIS NATION. YOU CANNOT TAKE

RELIGION OUT OF AMERICA AND HAVE ANY AMERICA OR ANY FREEDOM.

liberty throughout proclaim "And gifts. these knows that when English He The people, our Angloall all the and unto toil inhabithey struggle and work and and forebears, Saxon the out worked tants 25:11. thethereof."—Leviticusland for themselves that anything spend fundamental principles whereby

you have ever looked closely at is precious, they will appreciate what man might have a hand in his own

IF that treasured relic called the they win. government.

"Liberty Bell"you have seen inOur forefathers had to strive, "Eternal vigilance is the price of price that has bescribed had to thereon: "Proclaim liberty"—a liberty we all throughout struggle,have—representativeand fight for this thinggovernthat paid the years. all the land."I cannotthroughout The

think of a more satisfying line that ment where we can express our will AngloSaxons cherished, even was ever written, to go on that bell. through those whom we choose to though seemingly conquered, that

Whoever put it there certainly was stand for us. These men who carry great thing which had been vouchinspired by God. The story of that out our desires represent a nation safed to them by their forefathers.

bell reaches backward and forward. comprised of people from many naKing John had to be backed up

History always has its forward as tions. In the dome of the Congresagainst the wall and forced to sign

well as its backward look. I do not sional Library in Washington, D. the Magna Charta. Charles I, who

know just when liberty first budded C, are some beautiful paintings, claimed the "Divine Right"of kings in the human heart but I feel deeply each one symbolic of the gifts of a to rule, lost his head. The people

in my own that God put it there. great nation. demanded their right to govern.

the are Here people Hebrew strings held the purse They to keep Milton's Lost Paradise John to that the Bible, great us tyrantminded kings in check. picture beautifulgives of handing a concrete,

the struggle for democracy in heaven witness and testimony of God's gifts to men. HThe English people, in laying—Satan, leader of the hosts on one

side, and Christ, Master on the Here are the Grecian people handdown the principles of freedom other. These are the two basic oping to us the dramatic arts, literand representative government, had

posing principles of life. Satan ature, music. constantly to contend with leaders

would save men and bring them back Here are the Romans, handing to who returned from France to try to to> heaven if he might have command us basic law and military science. rule with dictatorial hand. Those

over their lives. Satan was the first Here are the German people men were finally set in their places,

great autocrat, the wouldbe dictator handing to us scientific research in and again we had a new document of the souls of men. But the Savior which they have so excelled. that we call the Bill of Rights.

of through lead them mankind would years into the wrote English the English are people givThose Here strife, thing to thatstorm, and trial, into hearts and practices the English representative ing us government.

called salvation. The hosts who certain things which became basic

stood for that great plan of democfoundations in their lives, and out racy won in that first great fight. of that great struggle came America.

all are, people, of of America We America transplanted from was inthe perhaps ones who inherited shores of England and other #> the fruits of the therichest agemeasure long struggle for liberty. It was not parts of Europe because people will have freedom. They wanted togiven to us at the time that our forefathers fought, bled, and died for extend the principles of English

freedom along these historical liberty to this continent.

shores. That was only one chapter The Puritans and Pilgrims seekin the great struggle that had raged ing freedom of religion settled in

throughout centuries. We have to New England. After these people

go back into the dawn of history to came the Quakers to Pennsylvania.

learn of some of the inceptions of The French Huguenots came out that precious gift from God. God of France. Maryland was settled

gives to men when they work for by the Catholics, who were per74

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

secuted in their own country and certain basic problems to solve, but sought freedom of worship in this the questionwas, how were they new land. going to get them accepted by all

These varying types of people groups.

were given a home and refuge in It was then that Washington this land of the free. For nearly arose and uttered a brief but imtwo centuries they were here exermortal speech which ought to be

cising the principles of English freeblazoned in letters of gold on the dom, learning how to govern themwall of every American assembly selves, learning the great art of selfthat is met to nominate a candidate direction in their affairs. or decide a policy or pass a law.

Finally when England found Rising from his president's chair, his the colonies growing in power and tall figure drawn up to its full height, strength, she began to meddle in he exclaimed in tones solemn and their affairs and another dictator with suppressed emotion:

Georgearose in George III. When

his being reared,III was mother willIt isbetooadopted.probable Perhapsthat no plananotherwe proposedreadsaid to him: "George, when you ful conflict is to be sustained. If to please

get to be king, be king."He atnot only preached God and liberty the people we offer what we ourselves disafterward our approve, defend can how we the folly of King to repeattempted their led them to to people but

raise the to standard us Let a work? which colthe in AmericanCharles. battles. fight While Washington, the is repair; the honest event wise and can

onies did not openly rebel at first, the snows at Valley Forge, prayed the hand of God. in

they warned George and Parliament, to God for help. All through our

but George did not listen. He simply history instances of this kind show These men had been struggling

Franklin days, Benjamin when in people the orders, to for willing andgave people—selfreliant, that offer a proposed somebody rebelled. colonies For the Higher relyingAmerican upon the thesefight—still divine blessing prayer. the After During raged. the yearseight give inspire them war to and Power

that time the "Declaration of Indestrength for the cause of right. of God had been invoked upon that

pendence"was given to the world. After the struggle had left these assembly they began to make more

Thomas Jefferson was chosen to do people masters of their own destiny, substantial progress. They finally

the writing. This document simply, there came the period of uncertainty brought forth a document, the Conyet fully, expressed what was imand doubt. They were unbound, stitution, which an English statesplanted in the hearts of all libertydisunited. The war had drawn them man declares is "The most wonderloving men. It begins: together as a magnet. But with the ful work ever done at a given time

When in the course of human events it war cause removed they became disby the brain and purpose of man."

becomes necessary for one people to disordered. The colonies had no My faith in things divine makes

conpolitical the have which bonds solve place; in to keep inspired. divinely them feel magnet that it was and me

to assume, another, and with nected them their temporarily the went of people out a thouthe blossoming It was earth, separate the the the of powers among reunited. Practically be had to ways. struggle. of years They sand own of the laws to station which equal and

Nature and Nature's God entitle them, Such leaders as George Washall of the basic principles in our Con- a decent respect to the opinions of manington, who had led the armies to stitution were in the unwritten Condeclare that should requires they kind Franklin, it the victory, lasted Benjamin and who stitution, could not have but separation. the to impel which them the war, platsuch an aid during a written not had been down if we had selfevident, truths to hold these be causesWe

that all men are created equal; that they saw that the Articles of Federation form to guide and sustain the people

are endowed by their Creator with certain were not strong enough. They and throughout stormy days that were to

rights; that unalienable among representing leaders farseeing these are other come.

life, happiness; of pursuit liberty, the and to decolonies gathered the various rights governments these that to secure Our people even then were a

are instituted among men, deriving their termine what to do. There probably diverse group. Virtually all the

the govthe of consent just from finer powers assembled. group a never was religions in world the

of that governform erned; whenever any present. radicals were no There men. guarded A outstandingwere by those We of these ends, destructive becomes ment practical type of men soberminded, would which law it is alter have some had to to to right the the people or of

abolish it, and to institute new government, were representatives at that convenprotect the religious freedom of all its principles, such laying foundation on to worship people, the right of them. They had these

its as tion—fiftyfive in such organizing form powers and fit. Roger Wilthey saw God as likely their to effect shall most to them seem

safety and happiness. liams annunciated that each man has

a right to worship God according to

HThe men who wrote that document, the dictates of his own conscience.

I am sure, were Godinspired. That is the basic principle in AmerThey called upon God to assist ican life. We may persuade, adthem in drawing it up. Libertyvise, influence, but we cannot force

loving people have always been people into the kingdom of heaven

Godfearing people. Libertyloving or into a mold of belief. Each one

people recognize the great source of of us has to act for himself. That

their liberty. The whole history of is the American principle.

America proves that. Columbus said

that he was Godinspired. The MayJames Madison was the secretary

flower group knelt in their cabins to who reported the Constitutional give thanks to God for their success. Assembly. In later years, after

All through the war of the RevoluMadison had passed away, they tion, those who stood in the pulpits {Concluded on page 124) and the muscles about his mouth relaxed. With one finger he touched

her cheek. Beckoning "There's a freckle,"he said.

"Too early for them."Then as she

still waited, "Love me enough to trust me?"Her eyes darkened with sudden roads apprehension. "Pete, is something

NEW NOVEL OF OUR GENERATION, OUR wrong"No. again?"Nothing wrong, except—A PEOPLE, OUR PROBLEMS, OUR YOUTH "Except you want to put it off

LIFE BECKONING AND FORWARD ECONOMIC WITH again. you, Pete? It is can How

... STRIVING IT BACK. INSECURITY TO HOLD planned."spring and had we

With an arm over her shoulder By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON hindhe turnedthem. herHe topointedface theto adesertroad thatbedarted in and out of the sage.

I was comChapter One "See that road? Once ing here for wood and with my

else I on something took it. ive stretching into the distance, mind blue me your "G. on I went and on getting nowhere, with you."miles from the now, of up dulllooking, hand. There

"Oh, boy. What a climb."aromatic sage, came an insistent broke my reach, lamed my best

horse, to turn then and back. had it. challenging "It is worth Look."magic of awakening

days'besides."And I lost work two they Together stood life. Under her on a crag sweater old brown

that rose sentinellike above an Nancy's heart leaped to a delirious "Meaning what?"

"In life of tempo. rock.avalanche Emotions, broken dormant The new

back. A mistakeit isn'tis sohardeasyto pickto turnup. under to find security of winter, groped the hard hand girl's hand sudlost Time is—lost."in denly her. the clamored of the beside for expression. palm man

I "Yes. give have heard that men "Pete,"she their faces breeze whispered. struckA buoyant for off excuse putting marriage."not "Yes."chrysalis theand suddenly hand The that lay over brown

if she spoken, hadn't As he went tightened.that winter, had opened, been and hers

spring was there. Spring, soft and "It's spring. Our spring."on. "I don't need to tell you what

new and warmscented! From the The man drew a deep breath. this winter has been. Spuds have

canyon below, from the broken lava "Our spring, Pete. I always gone down to nothing. Oh, what's

wanted to be married in the spring."the use of explaining. You do understand, Curley?"man's gaze The had strayed to

But are I know? far a horizon. brought it back He prices so decisive?""Yes,and—thingsdon't to the blue meet eyes in turned

eagerness to him. His own softened "I am afraid they are for a while.""Pete,"one hand stole softly to

his cheek. "Isn't it a girl's privilege

to share?"He moved the hand to his lips;

then held it tightly in both his while his eyes sought again the far horizon. She stirred restlessly.

"Yes, later,"he said at length.

"But I would not let a bride of mine marry into debt. There will be

enough to do without, even then."

"If you cannot sell your potatoes what about your sheep? You have

some.""A few. You will have to take

my word for it."

N;I ancy drew herself

away. She turned and on the edge

of the cliff faced the canyon. For

the first time she was conscious of "GIVE HAND. YOUR ME WE biting that cut CAN a breeze her through

IF MAKE IT FROM HERE WE ARE chill clothes a cold over her. sent and CAREFUL."THE BROKEN DOWN

CANYON WALL PETE PICKED She saw, too, traces of snow under THEIR WAY.

the sage and on the north slope of the tumbled boulders. Her hopes

were doing queer cartwheels, but her head was high.

"Very well, if that is the way you feel about it. I hope it isn't just an

excuse.""Nancy Porter."The tone of the

spoken words was her answer but she was young and heartsick with disappointment.

"Oh, I know. But you postponed

it before. I don't believe in marrying on hopes entirely but you have

a start, Pete."

The man started to tell her something but changed his mind and asked, "Do you want to live, always, like you are now?"

"No. I refuse to do it."

"So do I, my dear. That is why

I am waiting. I couldn't cheat you

of the right beginning. A bride hasa right to new things—

"A right beginning doesn't always count. Look at Dad and Mother."

"Yes,"he conceded slowly. "It

often happens that way. It depends

on the man more than on conditions.

Given a little time I can make it.When this slump is broken—

She laughed harshly. "When the

slump is broken, if it ever is, and PnS'tHr prices go up, if they ever do."

"Besides,"he went on unruffled. WHYUP? WASTHENIT SHESO MUCHHAD HARDERSCARCELYTHANNOTICEDGOING"I never saw a case yet where ex- "Take it back or I shall-—THE DANGER IN THESE JAGGED ROCKS.

penses didn't increase after mar- "You shall what?"FOOTHOLDSNOW EVERYBECKONED,STEP WASBUTA THEPERIL.MAN CHOSEMANYriage. There are—With a little laugh he took hold CAREFULLY.

"Never mind saying it."She of her with both hands and drew her

heart near. his to girl yielded her to lookturned at him and emThe Pete picked their way. was Why

hers, eversoftened. face doubt brace. His she bent to then Could it so than going much harder up?

him, this hardmuscled man, who suddenly he straightened. His arms Then she had scarcely noticed the

had such threatening black eyebrows dropped to his sides. danger in these jagged rocks. Now

and inconsistently tender mouth. "Let's go back."every step was a peril. Many footHe must know what he was doing, The girl made no move. "You holds beckoned, but the man chose

still—are a lovable mule, Pete Holverson, carefully. When she might have

"Couldn't you get work?"she and a darn stubborn one. But just slipped and fallen, his strength held

asked hopefully. laugh this off if you can."her steady.

"Possibly, though I doubt it. I "I'll try."At last, flushed, glowing with exam having my brother Jon with me "I am going to work. Somewhere, ertion, they reached the boxlike

this summer. He hasn't been able anywhere. I know if one wants canyon. Walking apart now, theyto get anything."work as-—as terribly as I do—they turned upstream. About some

"But you are older and trained."can find something. Then in the springs that trickled from the can-

"I might if I tried but I'm not fall I am going back to school. And yon wall, a group of young people

trying. I am a farmer and intend if I do, I shan't stop until I am watched their approach. Down here,

to stay one."through."sheltered from the wind, it was

Her quick temper flared. "If you "Is that all? Don't go without spring again. The air was demandstarve in the attempt?"saying goodbye."ing. Nancy's discontent became in-

"Watch out."He reached and Exasperated by his seeming lack sistent.

drew her back from the edge of the of concern, Nancy whirled to climb "Pete,"she said suddenly, "Incliff. "We haven't money for funerfrom the rock on which they were stead of putting off our marriage we

als right now, either. Moreover"standing. He caught her roughly will call it off."

there came into his eyes a twinkle by the arm. "What do you mean?"she well knew—"if you should "If you break your neck you will "Just that. There is neither rhyme

marry into this debt and make yournot get to school nor to work. nor reason in being bound to a

self old and haggard at the start, I Wait."dream."

might soon be prowling around for There was not time to say more.

a handsomer gal."If the girl had been less They were nearing the group and

"That's probably the reason absorbed in her own problem she a small blackeyed girl called, now."might have noticed the tension in "My word, you are slow. I am

"Take that back."his voice or the grim set of his mouth. dying to tell you something but Lynn

"I will not."He crawled down to a narrow shelf insists I wait until you get here."

that clung to one side of the cliff. They approached a sandy bar

Reaching up he took her in his two near where the spring water rearms and lifted her beside him. solved itself into a small stream. On

can the bar a young sat running man fingers. his sand through ILLUSTRATED BY make"Giveit fromme hereyour ifhand.we are careful."We Beyond

FIELDING K. SMITH Down the broken canyon wall {Continued on page 120)

JPuL(phinxdfdsLi>f THE OLIVE BRANCH PETITION By THE HON. ELBERT D. THOMAS

United States Senator from Utah

of Independence and later the ConNow this theory expressed in the stitutional reason which the colonOlive Branch Petition became the friend of mine who knows ists used for justifying the stand theory of the Declaration of Indemy respect for things Constiwhich they took against the mother pendence, the theory of our Concountry, was in substance that the stitution, the theory of the Tenth tutional has just presented to of the the the Virtheory laws govern which colAmendment, were of what, copy a photostatic withme in ginia colin- Resolutions, a onies the to most be and were by made sentence, greatsince Adams'John teresting the onies theory themselves Parnot which on and by way in olive one branch the have"We in British liament, the that of turn Parliament and Commonwealth Nain other,"the the sword andhand rests. tions of veto the the not have should League power today When called Olive Branch the beenhas

set up, the laws. of over these covenant Nations was

Petition. The essence, then, of the petition different dominions were given repWhat is the Olive Branch Petiis exactly the same as the essence resentation in the Assembly of the

tion? In 1775, after the battles of of the Constitution itself, and what League along with the mother counHill, Pleasant, ConBunkerPoint this in teachers Constitutional felt that and the America try. We while Lexington,cord and Washunfair to the Constituseem- because Tenth England was Amendment

ington was with troops in New tion call the reserved powers; that ed to have seven votes where we

England, members of the Continentis, the government under the Conwould have only one. It was, though,

al Congress drew up a petition to stitution shall be a limited one, and in the League Covenant that the

King George III asking him to use the government shall exert only British Empire became conscious of his influence to have Parliament rethose powers which have been the fact that their empire had ceased peal those acts which the colonists granted to it. When the Tenth to be quite that and had actually

so objected to, and promising as a Amendment was adopted, this funbecome a commonwealth of nations.

result of such action a lasting recdamental theory of our federal syscolonists the andonciliation between literally of part the tem Conbecame 1921, or years from two "Prom petition land. wasthe The mother it is stitution, the reserved from and after the was Covenant League and Penn Mr. to bysent England Constitution that idea our powers British set up, representstatesmen descendant the being Lee, PennMr. all different the from so out stands ing the the domother country and patritwo Penn.of These William of world. the Constitutions other differminions at together counseled to petition the deliver to triedots is, in the American nowhere That for as ent ten times years over and to unable king, they werethe but in states or either the government, a result of there consultations those left Secretary the it with so anddo is there complete nation, power the in the 1931 of Statute came West- 1 September Colonies the onof it to for whatever government do is, in reality, the minster which1775. is rewishes. complete power The British of written the Constitution

Petition, Branch Olive thereThe people. to the That, signserved of Nations. This Commonwealth

as it by thoseed who became was governthe American fore, makes statute, of the like the Constitution Indeof Declaration of thesigners to seeking a not government ment is it is States, long; not not United great the same itself, headedpendence, by itself perpetuate justify to and it lays but cumbersome; down signature, the John same and justify to thename needs seeking one but principles. brief three mighty The Inof Declaration the asHancock, serve to those of people the and representing great these paragraphs

is forethe later was,dependence needs. constitute principles a probably law things eventful ofrunner many is It in great reality these from in significance great of econas the

in world, the place taken havewhich that the Supreme reserved powers as great of time Constituour omy principle political a containsand its justification for using gets Court tion principles become. has These insisted fathers upon the hadwhich its judicial review, of great theory follows: expressed as be may in country the"motherand which strikes for laws the on Court down

the course of one hundred and fiftythe theory that they are incompatFirst, the expression "Dominion"six years learned to respect. ible with the grants to government is to mean the Dominion of Canada,

That principle, which became one that the people have given in their the Commonwealth of Australia, of the reasons for the Declaration Constitution. the Dominion of New Zealand, the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

Union of South Africa, the Irish been retained in the permanent law spirit, a union of hope, a union of

Free State, and Newfoundland. which went into effect May 1, 1937: aspiration; a dream of a Bolivar

Second, no law made by the ParThis resolution shall not apply to an come true; a dream even better than

liament of a Dominion shall be void American republic or republics engaged in Bolivar's, for Bolivar thought in or inoperative on the ground that war against a nonAmerican state or states, terms of a political unity. To us that

is an anachronit is repugnant to the law of Engprovidedoperating thewithAmericana nonAmericanrepublic is statenot coor thought seems and land, and the Parliament of any Dostates in such war. ism, for we know today a better and

minion shall have the power to a surer unity. It is the bond of the

amend or repeal any act of the The reason for this pronouncespirit, a bond of mutual endeavor,

British Parliament made a part of ment is this: Every thoughtful man a bond of mutual helpfulness. I

the law of the Dominion. knows that America is not going to shall leave this thought by referThird, no act of the British Parbe neutral if some nonAmerican ence to the question, shall we live

liament shall be deemed a part of state should attack some American on our neighbors or shall we live the law of a Dominion unless it is state. We have had a hundred years with our neighbors? If we turn that

expressly declared in the act that of various kinds of thinking about changed attitude into a positive the Dominion has requested, and what we call our Monroe Doctrine. peace program for the Americas and

consented to, the enactment of the Latin American states did not recontinue to hold open the invitation law. main neutral after we went into the for Canada to join us as an AmeriLatter-day Saints, always acceptWorld War. And if for no other can republic, we have a positive, acing the theory of purposefulness in reason than to be responsive to that tive peace policy for the Americas.

creation, have seen that in the esidea, it was right for us to make the tablishment of this nation, princideclaration we did in our neutrality Thus, we may have a key to betples closely related to those which act. ter world conditions built upon the

we call divine became part of our spirit of the Olive Branch Petition fundamental law and, therefore, we 'T'he Monroe Doctrine, whether which actually provides for cooperrevere the Constitution and the considered as an altruistic exation between state entities without

Declaration of Independence and pression, a defensive measure, a destroying their independence and in turn, too, we revere the principles reciprocal relationship, or a regionindividual actions. It took Great

upon which these great documents al understanding, is still of our makBritain one hundred and fiftysix were based. Probably no people in ing and depends upon us for its years to learn a lesson and to appreciate the which political wisdom will recognize It static more perpetuation. worldthe whole never a was

if fathers expressed. the I wonder it the Latterday than do will be,strongly never but proposition and

Saints the significance of the Act the suggested concept of allowing world will take one hundred and of Westminster. Great things init to evolve into the sisterhood of fiftysix years to learn the simple

deed come from smaller things that American republics and making it lesson and this simple principle of are deemed insignificant. just that, gives it an allAmerican bringing about cooperation without

destroying of national independence fact. ideal this in very subject I canWith this changed while on And -.. action.

for its responsibility attitude this the carrying refrain fromnot thought a little further. In the Neumaintenance no longer rests upon Is it not the essence of the Gostrality Resolution of 1936 there apus; it rests upon the whole of North pel that the cooperation of the many

pear these words, and they have and South America—a union of is attained in the seeking of a given

objective but at no time is the individual agency destroyed in the accomplishment of that objective? As

with nations so with individuals.

You can have the great democracy of the Gospel theory and the American theory. The liberty of the individual entity is stressed and his

rights and his agencies never destroyed; or you may have the

totalitarian state or the forced theory that the whole is greater than any of the parts, and the individual, either person or entity, can only be thought of as a fraction of the whole. Democracy is a combination of individual entities. The

totalitarian state is a whole with each person merely a fraction of

WAR FOR INDEPENDENCE PLAQUE COMthe whole. American political theMEMORATING THE ory as expressed in our federal sysBATTLE OF HARLEM

HEIGHTS WON BY tem is one made out of many, but

TROOPS WASHINGTON'S 1776. the one still retains its entity. It is SEPTEMBER 16,

supreme in the spheres in which the people wish it to be supreme and the national government is supreme only in the spheres in which the people have allowed it to be supreme.

statesmen When PRAYED.

GUIDANCE M A STORY OF THE FRAMING OF OUR CONSTITUTION, AND A YOUNG MAN'S VIEWS ON

PRAYER TODAY.

BY LANE W. ADAMS

inlittle partial, local our divided be by did until prayer a the was offered years ago it was Not will terests, and confounded, be our projects significant assemthe of most one family hold aNotcustommanyto prayer a shall reproach a and ourselves become we circle and men in high places blies of all time hit upon a common byword down to future ages. And, what is

this hereafter, from worse, time Benjamin that mankind at may purpose, and favor, for divinepetitioned His God of establishing despair instance, unfortunate fifth of the last the day Franklin on late getting ofbut to be seem we leave and government wisdom by human George addressing arose, and week it or conquest. this war, to chance, Christian ennobling fromaway

principle. Prayer is a source of Washington and the wise men as- I therefore beg leave to move:

power; all truly great men have been sembled in the Constitutional ConThat hereafter prayers, imploring the

prayerful men. Nothing of lasting vention, said: assistance of Heaven and its blessing on

in deliberations, this assembly be held ourvalue has been accomplished, except proceed every morning before we Mr. President, the small progress wethrough prayer. If prayer were a have made after four or five weeks'close ness, and that one or more of the clergyto busiof

special gift only to be exercised by attention and continual reasoning with each this city be requested to officiate in that our priest or bishop, how eager we other, our different sentiments on almost service."

is, melancholy a methinks, question, every it privilege, that for but bewould underof the human of to proof they began on from then And that pray. all should meantwas feel to our own indeed standing. seem Weimperfection in the framing of our progress make

since prayerful have unpolitical is seldom wisdom, of we man want A Constitution. it. of all in search about running been We in hisethical relationships his with

fellow men. No man can habitually haveof governmentgone back toandancientexaminedhistorythefordifferentmodels Perhaps this procedure will helppray with a sincere heart and at the forms of those republics which, having been us today in our gropings—in the

same time be guilty of unchristianlike originally formed with the seeds of their affairs of our nation, and in our perexist; longer dissolutions, no now ownconduct. the habit has lives. man who and sonal A From the Youth Eduall states around modern viewed have we is charitable.of honest prayer and Series. cation constitutions their of but find none Europe,

He knows how fallible is the reasonsuitable in our circumstances.

ing of man alone. If one will acquire In this situation of this assembly, groping,

this habit and throughout his life be as it were, in the dark to find political truth, religious in its practice, he will not and scarce able to distinguish it when presir, that it happened, us, has to sented how cannot an if he bego far wrong—he of hitherto thought once not have weindividual conscience. with a And Light of Father to the applying humbly

yet the habit is difficult to acquire. to illuminate our understandings?...

So many times we would rather jump I have lived, sir, a long time; and the

into bed without first kneeling to longer I live the more convincing proofs I pray, unless, perhaps, there is serisee of this truth, that God governs in the ous illness in our family or for some affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot

other reason we need the assistance probablefall to thethatgroundan empirewithoutcanHis risenotice,withoutis it of a Power beyond our own. Then His aid? We have been assured, sir, inwe are constrained to pray with all the Sacred Writings, that 'except the Lord

in that labor they the vain house, souls. of fervorthe our not build Why

it.'this, I I also firmly believe build andtravel continof the avenue prayer

aid concurring that believe without His we inually, then of darkness an hour political in this shall building succeedwe will know the way to God. better than the builders of Babel; we shallno

ANNIVERSARY DINNER By LOLA DIAZ

A SHORT SHORT STORY

past months; would make them forget the drabness and frets that

might, in time, weaken a man's love J-H.heir honeymoon had His key in the lock! Elsie dashed J-/LSIE set down the dishbeen spentTin New Orleans. Memout, her smock revealing a blue—heavily. Her cheeks burned. Her

ories of that enchanted month hovchiffon dress. This was to be a throat felt dry. She had not exered around Elsie tonight as she dressup affair. pected that Steve would remember

peeked into the oven; beat eggs to Steve was hugging a green parcel. offhand their amusing pact. But

a golden froth in preparation of this, Oh, happy day that brought that neither had she looked for this comtheir first anniversary dinner. light into his brown eyes! He lookplete blankness. For a memory

It was like pictures in her mind: ed younger; less driven than usual. wiped so clean that not a ripple, not

Steve opposite her at a window "I've two surprises for you, El."a stir of emotion answered her direct

table, flowers between them. MaShe'd arranged they should offer reminder. Suddenly she saw Steve

dame Barbier, genial owner of the their gifts at dessert. A tiepin in a new light. He was not the

family hotel, was herself bringing waited for Steve in the living room. young husband she had frolicked

their dessert, a pineapple souffle. "O-o! Your things are all set out, with in New Orleans, this self-

"So you will not quite forget us, dear. Dinner'll be ready when you centered young man who had let

little bride, here is the recipe for this are. Got our tickets?"They were worry crowd out days of laughter

souffle."to hear a famous visiting singer. and beauty. Life would go on as

"Your favorite dessert, Steve. Contrite silence, then: "I could usual outwardly, but in Elsie's heart

We'll have it often. But no. Better kick myself. We've been so rushed, there would be a withdrawal. She

all day. I'll phone."But the hall couldn't help it.keep it for a great occasion—our

first anniversary dinner!"was sold out. Silently she set crackers and

"Okey, honey. She's full of "Never mind, dear. We'll go cheese before Steve.

whimsies, Madame, but I like 'em."somewhere else,"Elsie said, noting "No dessert, Elsie?"

"It will bring back so much, the tired lines around his mouth. "It's spoilt. See?"

Steve!"During dinner, she talked gaily. She took the flattened souffle into

Madame Barbier's shrewd eyes Steve, festive with the daffodil she'd the kitchen; dumped it into the sink.

softened, "Oh, beautiful, gay pinned on his gray suit, praised the Now, the gifts. Elsie brought

youth!"lace and flowerdecked table. "And Steve's pin; exclaimed over the suede

They had youth, yes, but not alwhat a cook!"and silver handbag he'd brought

ways was youth beautiful and gay. Now, he was laughingly reaching her. She dutifully returned his kiss.

Elsie shook her curly head. Hadn't for the green package. Elsie darted But everything was flat. Flat!

the past year brought unexpected into the kitchen; to the stove. Had "Don't go, El."Steve's arm was

family burdens? Hadn't Steve she turned it too high? No! Frotharound her. "Behold Steve Merritt,

feared for his job? She looked back ing deliciously in its pyrex dish, the head accountant of our firm! Mr.

to dejected homecomings from the souffle promised a rare treat. Holt was grand. Said I'd made

office; to brooding silences—irritaAn embroidered cloth around the good during a hard year—"tion, even—instead of the lively dish, an impatient foot at the swing- "You did. You deserve promochatter that was their right. Elsie ing door, Elsie's breath came short. tion."

had tried to tune her moods to Childish? Of course, but enchantHe laughed none too steadily. "I

Steve's. It hadn't been all gloom, ing! deserve it, you say? // How long

of course, but there had been too At last, the dramatic moment. would I have lasted without you to

much of it. "Steve, this souffle—New Orleans bolster me up? To put heart into Tonight, she would forget all—Our table by the window."Not me when I felt like flopping? Anddreariness! Tonight, a new mood what she'd intended to say, but I so often bearish—

would be theirs. She'd say, bringenough to quicken memory. "Why, Steve!"

ing in their dessert: "Remember, "Sure. That dessert looks won- "If I could tell you!"He held herSteve, a year ago—"The magic derful, honey, but—-"Steve grinned closer. "It's meant everything, comwould work. Gay days, gay plans sheepishly, "I'd rather wind up with ing home to you. Talking things

recaptured, even for one evening, crackers and cheese, if you don't over. Resting when I was played

would offset the stern reality of the mind."(Concluded on page 116)

.

The story of our

KIND WORDS ARE SWEET HYMNS TONES OF THE HEART

Joseph L. Townsend By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent the Deseret of

First Sunday School Union and AssistLeteachus other,oft speak kind words to ant Chairman of the Church Music At home or where'er we may be;

Committee Like the warbling of birds on the heather, The tones will be welcome and free.

They'll gladden the heart that's repining,

The names in parenthesis are those Give courage and hope from above, of the composers of the music: And shining,where the dark clouds hide the

"Beautiful Words of Love,"(Edwin F. Let in the bright sunlight of love.

Parry); "Choose the Right,"(Henry A.

Tuckett); of Israel,""Hope Clay- (Wm.

son); Thee,"F. Chorus. Remember (Edwin "I Do

Parry); "Kind kind words are Sweet Words Tones we give shall in of O the

live, JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND the Heart,"Beesley); (Ebenezer memory "Let Love

Abound,"(Evan Stephens); "Little LisAnd sunshine forever impart;

pers,"(J. Hosier); "Nearer, Dear Savior Let us oft speak kind words to each

to Thee,"(Wm. Clayson); "O Thou Rock other,

of Salvation,"words are sweet tones of the Our Clayson); "O, Kind (Wm.xxv. SonqA. 0$, heart. of the Heart,"Songs What (Wm. ClayJJul

Stephens); Iron "The Rod,"Clay- (Wm. QDAQpk. son); "That the Lord Will Provide,"(Evan 3bmqldjn the of Like the sunbeams morn on ( is son) Breaking,"; "The Day Dawn Wm. mountains, Clayson); Prize Shall Be "What Your

soul they to The awake good Reward,"(Ebenezer Beesley); "When JownA&ntL cheer; Shall in Jesus Glory,"His Come M. (J.

the Like of cool, murmur pleasant Chamberlain) fountains, fall of near. in sweet large number cadences

oft, our most The Author Let'sThey in then, kindlytoned popular Sunday School voices, in Canton, Bradford County, in "Born songs, them sung many of friendship mutual Our renew, a heart Pennsylvania, meets with heart August 9, services, religious 1849, Till and reour regular were joices, Joseph Longking spent written Townsend and L. Townsend by Joseph

friendship that ever is true. his boyhood days on a farm. His In set to music of our comby a number

posers. education at the West Side High

One writer has said that "there School of Cleveland, Ohio, Girard, is no better viewpoint to study the Kansas, Kidder and University of High School. He is a devoted Latdevelopment of the reactions of Missouri, included algebra, physics, terday Saint and fulfilled a mission

Christian belief than that offered by rhetoric, drawing, architectural and to the Southern States. He is the

hymnody;"and another, writing spemechanical drawing, Latin, Greek, author of many beautiful poems and

cifically of Mormon music, already and landscape gardening. At his songs will keep him in reverence

quoted in this series, says, "Mortwenty-one he was the initial student for all time. He is now in his 88th

mon history reads more like a at the Agricultural College of Misyear, living with his family in Los romance than a reality, and the hymn souri, was offered a professorship Angeles, California.

book presents almost every phase there, but on account of illness was Of all the authors credited with and important event of that history prevented from accepting the posisongs printed in the Deseret Sunday as embedded in contemporaneous tion. A change for the benefit of School Song Book, he and Sister

hymns and songs". It may be adhis health brought him to Salt Lake Lula Greene Richards are the only

ded that there is probably no phase City on August 8, 1872, and six two now living.

of Mormon history or theology that months later he joined the Church. Brother Townsend is one of those

has not been developed in songs He taught penmanship at Morgan's who seek retirement in home life and hymns. This tendency is noCommercial College; became prinrather than publicity but at the

where more strikingly shown than in cipal of the high school of Payson, solicitation of the writer, he very the songs of Joseph L. Townsend, and there married Miss Alta Hankindly furnished the information

for they cover the subjects of love, cock by whom he was blessed with concerning the origin of a few of his fealty, valor, rewards, reverence, eleven children. songs,—the motive for writing them.

restoration, the Lord's bounty, adorBrother Townsend conducted a "Let Love Abound"was produced ation of the Savior, and other drug and mercantile business at Payto counteract too many frivolous and themes. son for fifteen years, then served two critical groups in our villages.

The following songs, written by years as teacher of penmanship at "Nearer, Dear Savior, to Thee,"him, are published in Deseret Sunwhat was then called the Brigham Brother Townsend calls his own day School Songs except "ReverYoung Academy, at Provo, and later heart song.

ently and Meekly Now,"which is accepted a position as manual train- "Beautiful Words of Love"was found in Latterday Saint Hymns. ing teacher in the Salt Lake City the response to the good sentiments

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

O THOU ROCK OF OUR

SALVATION Joseph L. Townsend

OThou Rock of our salvation, Jesus, Savior of the world, In Weour poorthy bannerand lowlyhavestationunfurled.

Chorus Gather round the standard bearer

Gather round in strength of youth;

Ev'ry day the prospect's fairer,

While we're battling for the truth.

We a war 'gainst sin are waging.

We're contending for the right,

Ev'ry day the battle's raging,

Help us, Lord, to win the fight.

Onward, onward, we'll be singing,

As we're marching firm and true,

EBENEZER BEESLEY Each succeeding battle ringing WILLIAM CLAYSON

Earnest of what we can do.

expressed and beautiful songs sung When for all that we've contended, ed all conversation, and our group fight of faith won, the we've When at intently gazing of brethren wasat of a conference the Latterday battle's strife ended, the and When brilliant clouds of great masses theSaints. here is done, labor our And horieastern the from approaching large Actual a work in Sunday

Chorus this pageant wondrous zon. When ofSchool suggested the need salvation, our better LastThen, Rock of O of zenith, our group the reached of the partaking Sacrawhileorder of the world, Savior Jesus,

ment and "I Do Remember Thee"Take us from our lowly station, brethren saw Angels and Saints of vapor, this glorious sheenand "Reverently Meekly and Now"Let our flag with Thee be furled. within

till just settled above while it down written for the expresswere purpose of quieting the nervous disorders of us.

many pupils. Edwin F. Parry and and produced a kindlier feeling in "Then, one whom we recognized

Ebenezer Beesley were happily inthe town where he lived. by His glorious and majestic appearour joined and descended suitable to setspired write musical of ance, Iron word Rod"—the officers of the were all group who fortings the words. songs These or the based dream upon God—is"The Priesthood. holy feelcreate a reverentialhelped to in vision chapter of recorded Nephi

ing, and had much to do in creating two of the Book of Mormon which "The longexpected King and the beautiful atmosphere now uniwill be studied by 100,000 Sunday Savior greeted us. He called by

versally maintained in the SacraSchool and Mutual Improvement name and embraced and gave a holy ment services of our Sunday members this year. kiss to the brow of each brother,

each the boon of while He gave toSchools. Brother was Townsend When of assurance the the Comforter, the to give the writer by "O What Songs of the Heart"is asked

an inspiration intended for a light origin of "When Jesus Shall Come Celestial glory.

at some of our doleful funerals. in His Glory,"he hesitated because "This was our reward of approval.

filled with an "That the Lord Will Provide"of its sacred import to him. HowMy brethren were

was suggested by an old hymn from ever, he left it to the writer's judgecstacy of joy, and from the heavEngland entitled "Though Troubles ment. It is so lovely that it is reenly Host above came the songs of

again, 'On that announced joy in hisAssail language: Dangers here produced and own Affright"—setmen.'peace, earth good will towardting the of our a in modern theme "Since I same became member

thought. Church, in January, 1873, I have "The wondrous vision closed.

sphere in mortal the Awakened in instructed faith with Shall been Prize be ReYour my "What thrills of superb the again I felt Spirit, gifts of the and to appeal Holy as formed an manyward?"was

ever that have happiness few men been have many reamong thesethose of our faith who are not acin life's prog- a lesson attained. As visions. and privileges. dreams their markablecepting

in retained been ever it has vision of ress "It after a wondrous was are of Sweet "Kind Tones Words blest it has comforter a as memory; that Savior the I wrote of our advent of the popular the most Heart,"one half for a over sustained and me lines in the the events describing the of appealing Brotherand Towncentury."therein presented. order whilesend's songs, composed was rendered has L. Townsend Joseph

he was laboring in the superintend- "The vision placed me on a wild a distinct service to his Church and or prairie with School. open no buildingsency of a very large Sunday people by his Gospel messages given in view. improvements of faultfinding The time a numberHe heard in song.

remarks among the people. It ocseemed to be early summer, for the

curred to him how much finer it abundant flowers were in bloom. Ebenezer Beesley

would be if he could hear kind words With me was a group of Church J isted eminently among the pioneer spoken oftener. With this thought officers, all in the usual apparel of composers of the Latterday

in mind he wrote the song which has present fashions, and without banSaints is the name of Ebenezer been translated into many lanners, flags, or insignias of costume. Beesley. Many popular and praiseguages. Some have called it his best Yet we were all aware of the great worthy compositions came from his

sermon. It is said that it stopped events soon to be displayed. tuneful pen and will be treated in

the gossiping tongues of the people "A solemnity prevailed that hush- (Concluded on page 119)

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN cJhe Story of [Posey, JLast By ALBERT R. LYMAN

[PahLite d/utlaw

in the wild region rT'HE Fourcorners, where skirmishes FAR: and lawless of posses, THUS with Down STORY to Posey returned

*- Utah, Arizona, Mexico, together, night than Colorado and to discharge half a century Blanding by come more New a costly ago Kit Carson rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Fe, New Mexico, promise to the tribe that he would effect the to keep them there in the "bullpen"for three years. While the Navajos were being thus escape of his captive tribesmen, but found

harshly disciplined, a disaffected handful of PahUtes broke away from their tribe north them safely stowed away in the basement of the San Juan River and took possession of Navajo Mountain in Navajo territory. When of the schoolhouse with heavily armed

the Navajos came back, these PahUte renegades refused to vacate the Navajo country guards at every entrance, and so was forced and bad blood resulted. Sowagerie (Posey) the central character of this story was a to return to his tribesmen in humiliation;

child of one of the PahUte renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy. Bitseel, a but they, in the meantime, with rattleson of the ousted Navajo, was Posey's most bitter enemy. In the midst of this tense situbrained generalship, had permitted themation in 1879, a colony of Mormons was sent down to settle the San Juan country, largely selves to be maneuvered into a precarious

for the purpose of improving relationships with the Indians. Thales Haskel was their position, and in the skirmishes that attended

chief interpreter—a man skilled in Indian dialect and psychology. But the Navajos and Posey's rejoining his people he was woundPah-Utes continued to prey upon each other and upon the Mormon settlement. During ed twice in the hip and Pahneab was killed,

one skirmish when cowboy avengers scattered the tribe, the renegade son, Sowagerie, was after which the posse returned to Blanking momentarily separated from the tribe with Toorah, little sister of Poke, the PahUte leader. for reinforcements. Posey, wounded, reThis brief interlude marked the beginning of the smoldering romance that caused Sowagerie joined his mutinous people and with a fresh

bravely to change his name to Posey and vainly dress himself in fine clothes, braid his hair, snowfall revealing their every movement, and put on war paint. This interest in his little sister, however, was relentlessly disap they sought a place of safety on Comb

proved by Poke, who looked upon the "apostate"Posey as "Skunk,"and so referred to reef. Morning found two groups of twenty

him. During one period of tribal disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, disappeared horsemen each, one from Blanding and one

with her brothers, and all Posey's searchings for her were in vain. Posey finally secured from Bluff, approaching the PahUtes, who

vague information concerning Toorah's whereabouts, and these two lovers madly dashed hastily abandoned a much needed breakto freedom. Their new found freedom together was soon interrupted, however, when fast and scattered in disorder leaving their

Poke accidentally stumbled upon their hiding place. But he was in trouble and his ugly food and other belongings behind. Posey

threatening gave way to surly compromise. Posey now entered upon the most recklessly was separated from his people, most of

happy part of his life. But shortly later, in an act of playfulness, occurred the greatest whom the posse captured, disarmed, and tragedy of Posey's life—the shooting of his beloved wife by his own hand. His unreturned to Blanding after pursuing them

bounded sorrow was made more terrible by the avenging pursuit of Toorah's brother, for two days over cliff and mountain withPoke. But the two met under circumstances which enabled Posey to save Poke's life, out meat, drink, or shelter.

relieved wherefore Posey was further vengeance of high indemnity to agreeing and by marry another of Poke's on thatsisters—ascore', by disagreeableagreeing to superpay a Conclusion annuated maiden—which circumstances began another career of heckling evil. Later a

handful of Mormon settlers from Bluff captured Posey in a humiliating manner, put him in irons justice the brought peace, a before and him to appear he where over bound of was fifth J Hhis the was of day at the session court. district next the later ruse into escaped a Posey and went of By T the fight. The people of San Juanexile at first his experience shaken Mountain. personal Navajo white with was by He had been compelled to finish the job justiceman's to inhabitants their sent asking and the forgiveness word Bluff, of andpledging to mend his ways. The charges were withdrawn and Posey returned to the themselves—no time for anyone to

community on temporary good behavior. But as terror of his exile began to fade, the help or interfere from the outside.

humiliation in greater his took steps to see that it loomed of he mind not it would and distracted The situation left had the to to again goinghappen purchase Colorado gun, long by a range by learning and how people no alternative but to proceedthe installed recently telephones could could separated used be communities be and how on their own understanding wires. cutting hisby prepared, returned to with old the he Thus vengeance. born a In ways

midst of this situation Poke's son, Tsene-gat, was accused of robbing and killing a sheepof forty years'experience, and to herder. Peace officers came to arrest him. In the skirmish that followed, both PahUtes

and whites were killed. Posey had treacherously used a flag of truce to protect himself

while he gained shooting position. General Hugh L. Scott was sent out from Washington

to represent the government in this tragedy. Poke, Posey, Tsene-gat, and Jess Posey

were taken to Denver for trial. Royally treated and exonerated, they were released by

the government and sent home. This generous treatment they interpreted as an, act of

weakness, and began to plan further misdeeds. With an increasing belief in his own

immunity from all punishment, Posey acquired another long range gun, traveled a long distance to purchase a horse that was superior to anything in the San Juan Region, and in other ways prepared for the inevitable conflict that was destined to come. His preparations, however, were interrupted by another gambling affray with Bitseel in which Posey's

prize horse was involved and from which he extricated himself by striking Bitseel withthe butt of a revolver and dashing for freedom—thus postponing another final meeting.

Then Posey's activities were spent in organizing and firing to violence the hoodlumelement of the tribe—an element, which having been inspired to violence proved

embarrassingly difficult even for Posey to control. Finally Pahneab, a young leader of

the hoodlum element, was arrested with Dutchie's boy and brought to trial for holding up a sheepherder at gun's point. Posey entered the schoolhouse courtroom and during

the noon recess aided the defendants to break for liberty, with Sheriff Oliver in full pursuit.

Quickly organized posses rounded up many PahUtes whom this quick explosion of events caught unaware in Blanding. Posey hastened to organize his tribe for flight, but

POSleadership accepted. not that his reluctant fullyfound the to take was Big SCOTTY, Many were ING FOR THE

their in Blanding, heldTrail while captive kinsmen were to others refused and move AUTHOR.

without notifying Poke, who was living aloof from the tribe at Recapture. These embarrassments to Posey's position caused costly delays and damaging concessions on hisvart. After the tribe was finally under way—stilt without Poke—and after several light

do what they knew was necessary for the permanent settlement of the old trouble. The Mormons had

raised a generation of men there in

San Juan who knew the rocks as well as the PahUtes knew them, and it became their privilege and their duty to do what had often been attempted but never done before.

State and federal officers were due to arrive in Blanding that day, but it was too late for any outside interference to upset the wholesome lesson already delivered to the Indians.

They had learned more in the last five days than ever before in their history.

While the roundup waited in the

Comb for the trucks, they allowed some of the squaws to hunt lost goats and other things left in the A NAVAJO CAME RIDING OVER THE T stampede from the island. It was WITHRINCONEA FOOLISHFORD. HELITTLEWAS HATA BIGSTRAPMAN MIft

HAIR. RODE HIS GRIZZLED ON HE PED to considerednot necessary watch

QUIRT, RAISED HE K* FAST AND WITH take they went, nor to anywhere ELK GAZED EAGERLY TOWARDS THE precaution about their return. They MOUNTAIN AHEAD.

knew when it was mealtime, and they wouldn't be absent then for the price of a horse.

Two squaws tracking goats souththe sandy wagon track and took all angry blame from the tribe: Posey

west of the island heard someone the PahUtes away, leaving the reby his insistent cajolery had wheedcall from the cliff to the south, and gion empty and silent. No one stayled them into the most distressing

climbing up they found Posey in a ed at the Karnell ranch, and no huand humiliating experience of all little cave near the top. He had man being, red or white, lingered their history as a people. He had

been hiding there since he parted between Posey and his dire, jagged made more bad medicine than with his black mare. He drank horizon. Aside from the plaintive Bridger Jack and Kane and all the

from a little seep in the ledge and cry of cedarbirds, winging their other witches put together.

soliat intervals his over wide waysubsisted salvaged what he had on to led not only them He had tude, sigh of only the he heard pretentious butfrom that unhappy disaster, but and defeat and the shame the trees over through winds fire and left his thebreakfast near by his cast extra medicine bad had cliff it the him. above heard topeople. too lame He move was He spell devilish over a which them

still it every day, he heard and place, when hisfar hiding from he and to shoot powerless rendered them in listened for in torture he sounds stick. heavilyleaned a big on to straight, powerless shoot then and

night. the in to listened torture acthe He all. If their freeat got they ever

count of the capture of his people. dom again, he would pay the price

Dark, dark prospect! Yet of the When those truckloads for all this evil. Possibly he would

darkest phase of his predicament the of renegades reached Blanding they starve to death or die of his wounds two women had said nothing to him, joined the rest of their people in the before they could reach him. Let

though they talked of it with each "bull pen"surrounded by armed him die!

other as soon as they got out of his guards. Inside that closelybuilt

hearing. They could hardly wait to barbwire fence, eight feet high, they That little handsized cloud had

tell what the men of the tribe wanted could indulge as much pride and come in big and black and bristling so much to know: where to find selfrespect as a herd of steers in with lightning from the distance,

Posey, the bad medicine man. a corral. No such humiliating comebut Posey could not hear its thunder

The trucks came sputtering up down had ever been known to them or see the depth of its gloom. He

before, nor to any of their ancestors. lived his wretched hours of banishThe news of Posey's whereabouts ment in fear and trembling for

went through the tribe like water dangers far away and never to come.

through a dry sponge. They disThe second wife, annoyed that

cussed it during their fiftymile ride she had not been one to hunt goats in the trucks, they told it to their on the island, represented that she people in the "bull pen."They had had lost a vahiable milch doe, and

it on their tongues and in their thus obtained permission and a horse cryptic idiom, even while they swore to go hunting. She went straight to

JACK FLY AS in pidgin English with the next her illfated lord in his solitude.

HE LOOKS TObreath that they knew nothing at She left with him the little sack of

DAY. all of what had become of their grub brought along for her dinner,

general. but she didn't by any means fail to

The second wife and the two remind him that his disaster had grown sons heard the murmurs of {Continued on page 124)

Building good WILL IN BRITAIN THROUGH SPORTS

PRESIDENT GRANT SINGING WITH THE ROCHDURINGDALE GREYS CON- "Daseball, basketball, and other THE CENTENNIAL

FERENCE. EVERY BEFORE TEAM THE GAME

MEMBERS GATHER AT PLATE HOME SING recreational activities win favor ANDTHEIR TRADITIONAL BATTLE SONG WHICH for the Church with press and

GOES: "AND OUR BASEBALL TEAM IS RARIN'PEOPLE...."TO GO.

BY

successof the the impetus D. With PARRY SORENSEN wryiiihese Latterday Saints

ful in on, season 1935 spurring them Associate Editor of the "Millennial neither drink nor smoke, the National Baseball Association Star"condition and their shows to professionalize decided the Lonit."Millions of radio listeners heard don and North of England Leagues

this statementDick Cartwright make in largest of Six 1936. London's sional leagues, the London Major last nightone a team March when in stadiums teams sponsored what of leagues, and North reEnglandof Latterday Saint missionaries the dubbed was London Major spectively. four, other comThefrom played London Hoylake in Stadium, League. SouthCatford of prised missionaries both and M A., ofY. C. Engchampions M. east the Lattersponsored London, in participated amateur Men,land, in that a basketball was game in Saints the day League, Major and leagues. are Hull, the BradTheybroadcast the over London the Saints. Catford Regional ford, Rochdale, and Birmingham

British Broadcasting theProgram of the M theyLast yearbecamethey played under Men. Era, Improvement (See TheCorporation. October, 1935, for the story of the same name, under the sponsorship

"Do you know that the Rochdale part Mormon missionaries played in of Mr. F. C. Benstead, manager

train our 'American Speon the Stadium. CatfordM Men Up north, the organization of baseball in Great of

cials'?"in in sign says a a milk bar the again entered Rochdale the team Britain.

Rochdale. The same milk bar also In their first year of baseball comNorth of England League and, like

Saints, Catford only thehas a drink called the "M Men Spewere petition the misthe London (1935) cial."in their circuit. amateurs of team A sionary team, the Latteras known These are two examples of many day Saints, defeated the Rochdale missionaries and M Men was also

that could be cited to illustrate the missionaries for the National title, organized to participate in the widespread publicity for the Church and thereby became the country's amateur league as well. The former

and public favor that has been gainfirst baseball champions. In addied in England during the past three tion to the national trophy, the Saints THESE FOUR MISSIONARIES WERE CHOSEN TO

PLAYyears ON ALLLONDON AN through of misBASKETBALL TEAM cups. two London won The players AGAINST AN ALLBIRMINGHAM TEAM. THEsionary baseball and and B. C. GAME BROADCAST WAS OVER THE MtheMenactivities received individual replicas in all LEFT A. TO RIGHT ARE ELDERS DELOS B. ROWE,basketball teams. naAmerica's

M. A. EVANS, instances. three EDMUND WILFORD KOWALLIS,

tional winter and summer games are AND PARRY D. SORENSEN.

becoming more popular with every passing season, and Mormon missionaries have been playing one of the major roles in bringing these sports before the sporting public of

Great Britain and popularizing them. It has proved to be an effective means of making friends and

spreading the Gospel.

Last year six Latterday Saint teams played baseball in regularly organized leagues in England. Two

of them, Catford Saints and Rochdale Greys, composed entirely of missionaries, competed as the only amateur teams in otherwise profes86

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

team is called the Greys and the latter the M Men.

During the 1936 season, Catford

Saints reached the finals of the National Cup competition for the second successive year, only to bow to

White City, 5-9 in the final, thereby LATTERDAYBASKETBALL SAINTSTEAM relinquishing the John A. Heydler rightFront: Eldersrow, 0.left Merto

Cup they had won the year before. edith Wilson, Dean W.

The Heydler Cup is named for its andFrancis,FrankDelosA. Martin.A. Rowe,

donor, the former president of M. BackEvans, row:Parry EdmundD. SorAmerica's National League. The ensen, and Richard S.

game was played in the huge White Tanner.

City Stadium, scene of the Olympic

Games in 1908. The Saints reached

the national quarterfinals during the past season, being ousted by the

Romford Wasps, London Major League champs. Typical of the newspaper articles

Rochdale Greys have been North which appear regularly in the press of England champions for the past 5;.;.:'.-,: is the following excerpt from one in

two years. They won the North of the Kentish Mercury alongside of

England League title from the Oldwhich was a full length picture of ham Greyhounds on August Bank Elder Dean W. Francis, coach and

Holiday of 1936 in a match that was captain of the Catford Saints:

broadcast over the Northern ReCatford Saints are the only amateur gional Program of the British Broadteam in the League. They are composed

casting Corporation. Last year they of Latterday Saint missionaries from the

are in Engpart of America, who to theagain beat win Western Greyhounds are of for They period two years. a land Indiof Cup. Englandthe North life temof and every from walk drawn

vidual replicas of the Cup were porarily desert their work at home to perawarded each member. The Greys form missionary service for their Church,

also reached the semifinals of the entirely at their own expense. They play

National Cup last year, losing to baseballmaking friends.as a recreation,All of themas alearnedmeans theof

Hull, ultimate champs, by a score of game in America, where it is played in the 3-5. Incidentally, Elder Charles W. schools much the same as cricket in this

Hailes,a missionary laboring in Hull, country.

played shortstop for the champions. The coach and captain of the Saints is

But the Catford Saints and the whoDean W.runs Francisan orangeof SantafarmAna,in California,America.

Rochdale Greys are not the only Delos Rowe, third baseman, hails from titlewinning aggregations among Idaho, where he is a cowboy. One member

the Latterday Saint teams in Eng-,'%>;fov/..'.- of the club, Brigham Young the Fifth, is

direct descendant of the famous Mormon aland.

leader. PITCHING BALL PRESIDENT THE FIRST GRANTBradford For Mthe Menpast twohaveseasonswon thethe GREYS ROCHDALE BETWEEN IN THE GAME

Leeds Amateur League laurels, and TENNIALAND LIVERPOOLCONFERENCE.CALEDONIANS AT THE CENFrom London's Daily Mirrorthe Hull M Men accomplished a comes the following clipping:

similar task in their league. Although only four members of the crack

Rochdale Greys baseball team of last season remain to battle for this year's honors on the diamond, the North of England League pennant holders are not downhearted by a long chalk.

No sir! New talent has come in to fill the

vacancies, and to use a line from their own battle song, "Our baseball team is rarin'to go."This ailAmerican side, which, besides being a team of champion ball players, is also a team of Mormon missionaries, has been robbed of a number of last year's star players who have returned to their homes in Utah after doing their term of missionary work in this country, while others have been transferred to other Mormon centers.

New men have crossed the Atlantic to

SOFTBALL IS BECOMING POPULAR IN ENGLAND,

TOO. THIS IS THE NORTHAMPTON M MEN

TEAM, WINNERS OF THE PRESIDENT'S CUP FOR

THE PAST TWO YEARS.

Front row, left to right, are Elders William W.

Rainey, Le Roy B. Skousen, Branch President William G. Bennett, Elder Howard D. Anderson, and

John Drennan. Back row, Nat Sepinwall, Ted Rose,

Albert Lloyd, and Ted Lord.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

London and Rochdale, entered the

National Basketball Association which was formed in 1935. Rochdale was handicapped by lack of

suitable playing accommodations and therefore played only two games, which they lost by close scores.

The London team was composed of missionaries in the London District and Mission office, plus O.

Meredith Wilson, faculty member at Brigham Young University, who did graduate work at the University of London. He acted as playing

coach after the departure of Elder

M. Neff Smart in February.

The Saints played a total of twentyfive games, stretching from the first Saturday of October until the first Tuesday in May. They

were victorious in 23 out of 25

LATTERDAY SAINTS BASEBALL TEAM called in England. matches games, (CATFORD SAINTS)

contests, League friends of the team, hardly any of Eight left Ffont row, were London to right: Duffin, Elders Max

J. Marvin of the Church. Ashton, Christian J. are members Draayer, Bruce whom playoff Central with a was one Hanks, Adrian Cannon, Richard W. S. Tanner, John of three almost hundred were There F. title Kimball. for league the C. A. Y. M.

row: Elders Back Dayton Ivan Hughes, Voorat in the supporters attendance 4314; of a score they by a which won hees, B. John Hoge, Brigham S. Dean Young, W. social at the the team sponsored by Francis, coach captain; and and D. Parry Sorensen. that four matches,""cup were

end of the season. The social was competition in the National playoffs,is,

theirtake places as missionaries prayer, closed with and players opened and exhibitions rest the and were and and theand to Greys look ripsnorting have a of consisted the speeches program British "friendlies,"to term. the useoutfit all to ready to work. go of the team, members by several the old timers, in Of exhibition slugger back was held row game One

led Elder singing community by A. theVernon Cooley, Lancashire County Baths the spacious Romford Road

; S. lantern aplayer Richard star is shortstop, and Tanner and this coach inspectators, before 1,000 aboutyear will and probably the don guards and slide lecture scenic beauty. Utah's on of cluding the Mayoress Lady Westcatch. club regularalso holds a dance The similar exhibition was Ham. A ly the each evening month. During concrete For evidence reof the at a at A., Central given Y. C. M.

is the held of a holder drawing andsults accomplished through sports, carnival physical members in which ticket the receives a winning baseone look farther need no than Roch- A.'s all of the from C. London Y. M. ball the or a bat autographed bydale, of the home Greys, the and part. sevIn the audience took were members.city where sessions of the team most

Softball,British Mission Centennial were too, is becoming popular eraltheirMembersfirst glimpseof Parliamentof Americanwhobasegot held. Rochdale is a comparatively in Britain through the activities of ball. These and other matches

the past Church. For two yearssmall of town about 90,000 populathe with ended the Saints on the long

I. the A. has sponsored Mission M.tion, the and members of the baseball the score. end of

interdistrict competition andteam are to more the district or less known 1937, in January, One day E. W. as the "President's for a cup known city.entire street "Bobbies"on the secretary of Browning, the London

for opportunity Cup."making Ancorners ask the them prospects how office at to the mission League, came

is Softball friends afforded throughfor the look; next drivers bus game to inform us that Square 5 Gordon

activity, misonly as inasmuch two similar inquiry.make town The the arrangements he with had made

sionaries team. are each allowed onpaper, three which years ago to British Broadcasting Company typical cited example be can Awouldn't accept a paid advertisedescrip- a fifteen minute in broadcastment from the "Mormons,"last year the case of the Northampton M tion of the last half of an "internaPresident's of the winners Men, Cupdevoted an entire page to the team tional the exhibition match"between

for. years it has been competed its activities.and In less than a both Saints Latterday of the A. U. S.

year there have been almost fifty The team membership was comand Hoylake Y. M. C. A., holders

new members converted to the posed of two missionaries, one memof the national championship. It was

Church in Rochdale. Friends and ber, the branch president, and six set for Friday, March 19, in the Birinvestigators became so numerous M Men who are not members of the mingham "Y."

at the meetings last year that it beChurch. It was interesting to hear how Mr.

came necessary to buy a new Branch Cuch is the story of baseball's deBrowning had secured the British hall. A baseball dance sponsored velopment in England, and how Broadcasting Corporation to broadby the team and held just before the it is winning new friends and favor cast the game. When he first apfirst game of the season drew more to the Church. Equally interesting proached the officials with the idea,

is basketball, of the part the talethan seven and to the people hundred they turned him down flat—weren't

it in missionarieslargest played making city dance by hall in the a and interested. next breath, in the But

masquerade ball held at the close the country's national winter sport, he told them that he could arrange of the season was similarly attended. just as baseball is taking its place for a game between the Latterday

A "Catford Saints Supporters as the summer pastime. Saints and the British Champions.

Club"is composed of three hundred In 1936, two missionary teams, {Concluded on page 117) the of jury twelve, Pioneers of a being Utah who, when if those immediatelyWhile1 847 with to join asked and he had agreed following were a seriousthe others in bringing in a verdict,minded people, yet on occasion they PIONEER answered, 'B'jabbers! I can agree

dealt with and enjoyed many fine with meself but the other eleven are phases of humor and repartee. so stubborn they don't see the point.'

There is the story told of a person For that reason, in this same waywho got the impression that PresHUMOR the committee is deadlocked."

ident the had Brigham Young of are related accounts |M"umerous gift by JUDGE DANIEL interpreting indiof dreams. This of the late Heber C. the humor

vidual troubled with quite had been that the writer Kimball. now One

fantastica the HARRINGTON throughout dream his recalls is told son, by J. Golden

night. So in the morning, he Kimball. It is stated by Golden

told of his exciting dream and that at one time his father had a very asked President Young if he could nice looking black horse, and being give him an interpretation of always earnest in the principle of it. The President listened to his tithing, President Kimball decided

statement. After the dreamer had to turn the horse in on tithing.

finished, Brigham Young asked, After deciding the matter, he said "What did you have for your supper to Golden: "I want you boys to

last evening, Brother Jones?"The take that horse over to Bishop

party answered: "Well, I had Hunter and turn it in before my soul

quite a hearty dinner. I had some crumples up!"

pork chops, some vegetables, and I Another example of fine levity and ate half a mince pie for dessert."wholesome wit is shown in the

The President looked at him in a following illustration. In about

quizzical way, and said: "Brother the year 1865, President Brigham

Jones, you go home tonight and eat Young and his counselors, as was the other half of that mince pie and their custom, called all the Mormon you'll get the interpretation."BRIGHAM YOUNG members of the legislature and the

President George A. Smith was 1S39 bishops of the different wards in the

known for his dry wit and humor. territory in and around Salt Lake

One wellknown witticism of PresCity to a meeting in the old Social ident Smith has been currently Hall. On one of these wellremem-

known for many years. In sermons bered occasions President Young

on several important occasions in called on Bishop Edward Hunter, telling the causes of the Latterday could show this claim to be absurd, who was the Presiding Bishop of

Saints'coming to these valleys, he at one public meeting handed up to the Church, to give an account of was wont to say: "We came here him on the rostrum a folded blank his stewardship. The goodna-

willingly because we were obliged sheet of paper. This the Elder untured bishop proceeded, among other

to."It is also said that at one folded meticulously and after pausthings, to give a biographical sketch

time he had an appointment to ing a few moments proceeded to of his life. He recounted that he

speak at the Church in American deliver an address with the paper had been born and reared in Chester

Fork. At that time, owing to the before him. This he did in a very County, Pennsylvania. After he sat

large amount of alluvial soil near apt way by saying that he was glad down, Bishop Woolley was then the timber lands on American Fork to receive the paper in that it showed called on, and he too stated that he stream, abundant yields of potatoes the infirmity of a great many of his had been born in Chester County, were common. It is said from 400 critics who insisted that they believe Pennsylvania. After Bishop Woolto 600 bushels per acre on some in a God without body, parts, or ley sat down, Bishop Weiler retracts were produced. On Sunday passions, "so this is very typical of ported, and he also was pleased to

morning when President Smith arose their oracle."say that he was born in Chester

in the meeting to speak he said: President John Taylor also had a County, Pennsylvania, and was get-

"As I came into town last evening, fine gift of humor and repartee. ting along well with his ward.

I heard a rumbling noise coming This is partly shown by an incident Bishop Evans of Lehi then stated from the ground as it were, and that occurred when he was a member that he had one of the best wards since I had heard about these poof the territorial legislature. It in the Church and was very proud

tato crops, I am impelled to believe seems that he was the head of a that he too was born in Chester that it was simply a call of one bunch committee to wait on the then goverCounty, Pennsylvania. After Bishof large potatoes against another, nor of the territory to come to an op Evans, Bishop L. E Harrington

'Move over there"and give me more agreement on a pending measure. of American Fork was called to

room to grow!'The committee and governor were report. He stated that he was getThose who knew the late Presunable to come to an agreement so ting along first rate with his ward

ident Jedediah M. Grant, especially when the House of Representatives and couldn't account for it in any

those who knew him in his missionof the legislature opened the next other way unless it was because ary work in the Southern States, reday, the speaker asked Mr. Taylor, once when he was a boy, he passed

count several anecdotes and bon the chairman of the committee, if through Chester County, Pennsylmots which added to his prestige they had come to an agreement with vania.

and his popularity. It was currently the governor on the submitted quesPerhaps it was the Pioneer humor

stated by the friends of Elder Grant tion. Mr. Taylor replied: "Mr. which lightened Pioneer hardships

that he was able to speak at least Speaker, we are sorry to say that His—and we who follow the Pioneers

thirty minutes on any given text. So Excellency, the Governor, reminds are glad for the leaven which they

some of those who thought they us of the one Irishman who was on developed.

\\Old brooms

JLhe story of a lovable deception.

BY JAY Y. wireand onemeshdoor,to catchwhichstraywas inbaseballs;an outconnecting side wall. no There was

of the buildpart to the main TIPTON passage ing.

In December, you know, it gets had changed, that any of us really dark about five o'clock, and "Old began paying attention to his talent. Brooms"usually didn't finish bankOne Saturday, I remember, Don ing the fire for the night until six.

and I went uptown. We each had So just after dark that night, Don

a quarter to spend, and there was a and I went to the boiler room, pushed swell "western"at the Bijou I wantopen the door and walked in, blowed to see. But Don couldn't be ing on our cold hands as if they were

persuaded. He wanted to go to the nearly frozen.

music store. "Old Brooms"welcomed us cor-

"There's a new Caruso record dially.

just out,"he said. "Come on. Let's "Yoost coom in, boys,"he said,

go in and listen to it.""und get varm, ja!"

I pointed out that we didn't have enough money to buy a Caruso'recWefE thanked him pro-—whichord, evenI ifhadI chippedno intentionin myofquarterdoing. changingfusely, grinningsly winks.to ourselvesDon motionedand ex-

"bunch of keys YoJLoou have heard him a gued."What's"We don'tthe difference?"need to buy. heWe'llarwithI sawhis"OldeyesBrooms'toward the door, andhundred times. Everybody who just pretend. We can listen to rechanging there. I nodded and went

listens to the radio has thrilled to ords all afternoon."over toward the janitor, keeping bethat golden tenor voice of his, singWhich was precisely what we tween him and Don while Don walking from the heart, sending little did! Don always seemed to have ed casually back and forth, puffing

chills up and down your spine, puthis own way with me. I resented it on his fingers and swinging his

ting a funny hurt right there where at times, but I've come to believe arms.

you swallow. that it was simply his natural win- I didn't actually see Don do it, but

And you've heard that signoff ning personality which even in those soon I knew he had put the bunch phrase he always uses at the end of days was beginning to mark him as of keys in his pocket.

his last song on each program. one of the choice souls. We stayed a few minutes more,

"Goodnight, Franz,"he says. He Don't get the idea, however, that then told "Old Brooms"we had to

says it softly, reverently. Sure. I his genius ran only to singing. As go to'supper.

know you think he's saying, "Good- a matter of fact, he could usually be "Going to have roast leg o* mutton night, friends."But he isn't. Listen depended upon to think up more tonight,"said Don maliciously.

closely next time, as I have listened mischief in five minutes than any "Mmmm! boy! I don't want to miss

closely so many times. It's "Franz."other one of us could all afternoon. that. I'm hungrier 'n'a horse."

I It you'll into of his excursions as night,"wonsaid was one "Veil, gootAnd "Old

.. practical of jokery thatdered,. the until wonder—justI remembered. realm in again you ven Brooms.""Coom

We sort of grew up together, Don really led to the turning point in his vant to get varm, ja."

Norris and I, down on the south side. life. So there we were, outside the

That was before the land was chopOne raw December day, as I redoor, softly closing it and locking it, ped up into building lots, with corcall it, Don thought it would be fun and nearly splitting our sides with ners reserved for filling stations. to imprison "Old Brooms"in the silent laughter.

We had to walk a country mile to boiler room of the schoolhouse. "Old But I guess it wasn't so funny,

school, and, since we were in the Brooms"was our name for the janafter all, for later that night Don same class, and since Don's house itor. He was a queer old codger, a and I were trying to get our lessons

was just across the road from mine, Hollander, and, as kids will, we used and found we just couldn't put our we used to prepare our lessons more to tease him and mock his broken minds to them.

or less together. Yes, and get our English. So far as any of us knew, "Aw, nuts,"said Don at last.

eyes blacked and our backs sunhe had no family; he lived alone in "Maybe I'm a sissy, but—aw, well,

burned pretty much at the same time, a little shack near the school. So let's go let him out."

too! the imprisonment, argued Don, "I'll bet he's hungry,"I said.

As a lad, Don always seemed to would not cause anyone to worry So we walked back toward the have a good clear voice. I used to although it might cause "Old schoolhouse—and straight into a

kid him about singing to the cows Brooms"some little inconvenience. surprise.

and chickens while he was doing his I readily fell in with the plan. The It was pitchdark, remember, and

chores. But it wasn't until we were boiler room had just one small winwe were just a couple of youngsters.

in the eighth grade, and our voices dow, which was barred with a heavy When I first heard the strange

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

soul. of sensitive trumpet, a his far tormenting sounds sure he could good long I was makesounds—

plaintive, toning a melaway, softly to stayed as close before him as I could, Brooms'and "Old "money was ancholy melody—I had a queer feel- I really think we were closer then, gone.

ing, I can tell you. I thought all spiritually as well as physically, than Truth to tell, I agreed with Don.

sorts of things. Gabriel and such ever before or since. I knew he had something. And I

things. You can't forget a moment Naturally, he became calmer as wasn't the only one who had conlike that. the weeks wore on; and naturally fidence in him. We had a farewell Anyway, the two of us, whistling he turned to his music and to "Old party for him—and he left with the

bravely, kept on until we reached the Brooms."Once again I began to good wishes of the entire neighborboiler room. There, through the see less and less of him—until one hood.

window, we saw "Old Brooms"day he came running over with a I'll never forget the first letter I playing his trumpet. Yes, it was he. beaming smile on his face. received from him. He said he had

Neither of us had suspected that "What do you think, Jim?"he tried to find "Old Brooms'"brother

"Old Brooms"had any music in his cried. "I'm going to New York—but must have made a note of thesoul—but we stood out there and after all!"address incorrectly, for the place

shivered until he finished the piece. I wanted to know what had hapwas only a vacant lot away up in

That, of course, was the beginpened. He told me, breathlessly, the Bronx. He wondered if I would

ning of the friendship between "Old excitedly. call on "Old Brooms"and find out

Brooms"and Don, I was more or It seemed, according to Don, that about it.

less an outsider, but I did learn "Old Brooms"had a brother in New I did so. I told "Old Brooms"

visits for, infrequentduring with but I had come brother who had recently what he was my York—a

that evasive. to met success. shack, get suspicious Brooms'"I began "OldDon to

the janitor had been a trumpeter in "I was at 'Old Brooms''place,"when he started rummaging through the Queen's Guards band over in insisted Don, "when the letter came. some old papers. At last he said

Holland twenty years before. I saw it with my own eyes. It was he had lost the address.

Music was meat and drink to Don, from his brother. There was a "Look here,"I said sharply,

and he confided in "Old Brooms"his moneyorder in it for a thousand "Have you really got a brother in ambition to be a great singer. "Old dollars. He read the letter to me. New York?"

Brooms"encouraged him, tried to It said his brother was happy to re- "Ja, ja. Mein brudder stay by

coach him a little, but admitted his pay the money 'Old Brooms'had New York."

inability to train a voice. loaned him years ago, and wanted "I don't believe it,"I said. "That

In his broken English he told Don him to visit him in New York was your own money you let Don it would take money—lots of money wanted him to live there with him."have."—and lots of hard work to develop "Well—what did 'Old Brooms'He couldn't go through with it.

his voice properly, Don knew that, say?"I asked. He confessed. He begged me not

and looked confidently forward to "I tried to convince him to go to tell Don. He implored me to let

his high school years ahead—bebut he said no. This was his home. Don stay there and train his Godlike big noisy cities. So given voice. He said he had no useyond them to college—then a trip to He doesn't

New York and expert training under then I told him to put the thousand for the money anyway. It was givone of the masters. in the bank."ing him pleasure—real happiness—

Large ambitions. Boyhood But "Old Brooms"had a better he said, to know that he was helping

dreams. Illusions of youth. How idea. He wanted Don to take the in "yoost a little vay"to give the

as voice. glorious go to "vorld"a suchbeautiful they a loan—and can be—and somemoney—just

train his voice. could Well, cruel! I do? what I had totimes New York and how

During our high school days, Don Even at that time, young as I was, write Don and tell him that "Old and I saw less and less of each other. I could appreciate what a turmoil Brooms"had mislaid his brother's

We made other friends. We had must have seized Don's mind. Here address.

other interests. Occasionally, howwas an offer of a clear path to his

1? after that time long A or life start. least a good talkedever, together got and we ambition—at I nothing heard from Don. Then it old still other hand, a poor was times. keepold On theabout was He

I It thrillclipping. a got newspaper man's probably more money in Brooms,"touching with he "Old—

first to that read ed he had me won at than ever he one seen had money visited the said. a he week Once

in prize radio a contest. time. security comforts and the fellow's of What shack andold two

history. the rest of his You know it not purchase for "Old shook the rafters with trumpet wouldthem

air. after triumph on the Triumph Brooms"? voice.and

don't the reason he But you know just after suddenly, surely I think Then, day one dewould have Don flying trip that a here out school, offer clined graduation high from theour Brooms"let his a substitute take winter—andmade off his his father hadn't Don's out thrown got was Don iftrumpet—as"Old I'll his place program week. on onehorse and was killed. He had been told me he did—and let the silvery tell you.

fairly wellto-do; his cause. long to notes he plead Before knew how that winter program His on was

little left profitably; inobli- singing to clear the but he was nights, remember. you Thursday 'I little to his practical too self send melted Donsurance—farfarm Dongate*—and to over to used Brooms'go "Old

let college, his to through alone the study of genius under warmth own listen to radio the shack and had Don voice. irresistible his the of surge and amsince sent to him. long had Don

bition. repaid the thousand dollars.

I tried my best to console So it came about that a week later This Thursday night "Old my friend. It didn't seem to do Don left for New York. He was Brooms"was bundled up in a heavy

much good those first few days, and impatient to begin. He dropped all blanket when I walked in. His voice

from the strange vacant look in his thoughts of college. The radio was was quite hoarse. I became alarmed

eyes I believe horrible thoughts were just beginning to attract notice. Don {Concluded on page 116)

<&&$> bo Wkdiml By JOHN D. GILES

Field Supervisor of the Y. M. M. I. A.

AT ONE OF THE REGULAR TUESDAY EVENING reports of truly remarkable attendWhen,greatin Centennial1930, as partcelebraof the THISEIGHTEENTHINSPIRATIONALWARD MUTUAL,GATHERINGENSIGN ISSTAKE,THE From numerous other wards come MEETINGS.

that ance. as the evening same On the tion the of Church of the Eighthe upon photo which

I. rallying the of songepochal M.

I. teenth taken A. was M. Ward in introducedA., "Carry On,"was In outstanding. wards, many M. in the Francisco attendance San

it Salt Tabernacle,the was Lake equals attendance or exceeds I. A. of Francisco Stake was San Ward outstandrealized that an many by that meetings. of Sacrament total at reported a with 308, ward

to contributioning made had been expression in the Notable of of this population 50% of 640—nearly that Sincethe M. I, A. cause. spirit gratifying is characterwhich the entire population of the ward.

time, "Carry On"has been sung in izing the present M. I. A. season, Unfortunately, reports are not

many parts of the world and in many and, in response to the suggestion available of all the associations with languages. of the "Let's Go To Mutual"idea, unusual attendance records. If they

1937 has produced another rallyis the Eighteenth Ward of Ensign were, there undoubtedly would not ing call which in less than a year Stake. Since the opening of the be sufficient space available to menhas carried motivation of M. I. A. season, attendance and participation tion them all. Available reports do

work to many nations. "Let's Go gains have been consistent, with indicate, however, that noteworthy

To Mutual,"introduced Churchseats in the chapel at a premium at attendance is being recorded in wide at the M. I. A. Conference last some sessions. Waterloo Ward of Wells Stake

June, has, in the opinion of many At one meeting in December, as and the Seventeenth Ward of Salt general, stake, and ward officers, not indicated in the photograph reproLake Stake.

only furnished our associations with duced on this page, even standing Stake superintendents and presi- a muchneeded rallying slogan but room was exhausted and a large dents are requested to send reports has probably been the most imporgroup stood in the doorway throughof unusual attendance and activities tant single factor in establishing out the entire session. Attendance in wards of their stakes in order

what is probably at the present time at that meeting totaled 651. Atthat proper recognition may be given

the highest attendance record in tendance of between four and six and that further motivation of M.

M. I. A. history. hundred has been the rule, with I. A. work may be developed

Reports from stake and ward ofmore than four hundred attending through even wider application of ficers indicate the morale and enon January 4th, the first meeting our new rallying call "Let's Go To thusiasm manifested this season are following the holidays. Mutual."

JhiL FLYING SQUADRON Thecarried"Flyingthe messageSquadron,"of Scoutwhich ing and its relation to the Church into practically all parts of the West, inaugurated what promises to be the outstanding event in

M. I, A. history in recent years.

The campaign which began in October will reach its climax at the coming June Conference. At that

time the Silver Jubilee of Scouting in the L. D. S. Church will mark the

twentyfifth anniversary of the date upon which our Church leaders adopted the national Scout program and assigned it to the Y. M. M. I. A.

for its junior boys.

The "Flying Squadron"conducted largely attended meetings in fourteen centers throughout the

Church with a total attendance of more than six thousand stake and ward leaders. The distance traveled

exceeded four thousand six hundred miles.

Headed by Elder George Albert Smith, advisor to the M. I. A., memTHE FLYING SQUADRON, LEFT TO RIGHT:

ber of the Executive Committee of OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, MELVIN J. BALLARD,

the National Council of the Boy BY JOHNGEORGED. ALBERTGILES. SMITH, GEORGE Q. MORRIS,

Scouts of America, and one of the few persons in America to have the JOHN D. GILES tives of Scouting throughout the endistinction of having received both Field Supervisor Y. M. M.I, A. tire Church in the Jubilee program.

the Silver Beaver and the Silver

Buffalo awards, the squadron inSpecial features already approved include great a Scout Jubilee meetvisits of "Flying the SquadThe Eldercluded Melvin ing in the Tabernacle on Sunday first in the ron"a camwere move toadvisor I. A. andJ. Ballard,member the M. evening, 12; special recognition June to as paign the arouse never Churchof the Executive of ReCommittee

gion Twelve and of the Salt Lake before to the values of Scouting and of twentyfive-year veterans; parCouncil, Elder George Q. Morris, the desirability of having all boys ticipation of troop representatives

General Superintendent of the Y. participate in the program, as a preupon a basis yet to be announced;

M. M. I. A. and member of the Exliminary to the special features of a motivation plan under which all

ecutive Committee of the Salt Lake the Silver Jubilee anniversary of the stakes and wards may win achieveCouncil, Oscar A. Kirkham, Exacceptance of the national Scout ment recognitions to be awarded at

ecutive Secretary of the Y. M. M. program by our Church leaders. the celebration.

I. A., Associate Regional Executive While the actual anniversary date Special recommendations are beof Region Twelve and member of is May 13, the celebration will occur ing sent to all troops throughout the

the Executive Committee of the Salt as a special feature of the annual Church, urging that organizations be

Lake Council, and John D. Giles, M. I. A. Conference, June 10, 11 completed in all wards and stakes

Field Supervisor for Scouting in the and 12. as outlined by the "Flying Squad-

Y. M. M. I. A., member of the NaScout and Explorer committees of ron"and illustrated in the special

tional Council and of the Executive the General Board are completing charts in the manual, "Scouting in

Committee of the Salt Lake Council. details of the celebration, which will the L. D. S. Church."It is also

involve participation the purpose of The squadron was.. of representabeingcial attentionurged thatto recruiting,all troops givereregis-speto reestablish the of relationship

Scouting to the Church and to the A PRAYER tration, and advancement, as these

Y. M. M. I. A., and to stress the By L. N. Smith features are being considered in the

religious and spiritual phases of the thank Thee, Lord, for each new day, achievement plan for which recogprogram. The new organization I For song of bird nitions are to* be given during the

rain, of sound And celebration. Jubileeplan stake under which and ward

to strength For work and time to play, diPlans are being considered to inassume A. officers M. I.Y. M. fields sunlit For

rect leadership of Scouting was And even pain vite the participation of national and given special prominence, as was That I may know sweet joy again. regional Scout leaders and to proalso the desire of Church leaders to I ask Thee, Lord, with humble heart vide for proper recognitions to

have every L. D. S. boy active in the To guide my feet Church leaders and others who have

Scout program. That the desired And teach my mind contributed to the outstanding recin theresult was achieved is evident from ThroughTo love, faithbe patient,alone, and to know ord made by the Church

comments of stake and ward officers Without a sign, quarter century since Scouting has since the meetings were held. Thy word and wisdom are divine. been a part of the M. I. A, program.

RAIN THREE BLESSED THINGS THE OPEN DOOR

By Herbert H. McKusick By Genneva Dickey Watson By Clarence Edwin Flynn

is full river the rain the blest repose: things assure FTER me Three

carries shipping the of a morning again on its And The coolness rose, Oneon canearth,keep courage while, somewhereA breast. The warmth of sun to search me through, Though it may be upon the farthest shore

days And earthsweet planet's the of this vast reach marks I walked with you. That

hull in theAfter the storm the seed girth, rest. dreamless from and its dormantAwakes

is door, at least there one open He knows MAGIC LOST

After a sorrow that makes the heart bleed One door where roses climb and robins sing,

One life can comfort another in pain; By Maryhale Woolsey One door that hides a hearthside never dim,

in welcoming swing would wide happy And words remember don't many we said; for the him. night strength give or hour At any I need courage of day andGod

drifting fragments back come now for rain. I Just to pray pray for rain... nowTo

then. and This weary race that stumbles down the

... where it was our aimless footsteps Nor street,

BENEDICTA led, This race, of dulleyed, listless souls comBy Leah Sherman I doNorrecallif thehowhoursConsciencewe spent werenaggedtwoatorme,ten. Movingposed,along on everrestless feet

left I'd tasks of undone Reminding me is all are the ones silenced AIR on doors whomnpHE—They wilfully precious time so waste To my * closed. have little a thousand songs Of

.. for. just idly you, wandering With all of grace, give each once and Oh God hands sung. haveHer

fun. more, It very so much, was more much

Than just piano music But never since, Beloved, was the blue Somewhere upon the earth, an open door.

she played.When in all the so fair. years Of sky No day

It was those blossoms Brought as sweet you

Young lovers in the moonlight me to, led "CROMWELL, I CHARGE THEE—"

the lake's treeborderedBy shore; Nor held such songs or laughter for my By Helen McMahan vastly peopled desertA ears.

Illumined with a million glowing eyes

Miraclemaker!—WhyAcrossA hushedthesweetnight.tremolo The power you had,—beforecould II notlet youknowgo? Ambition'sThen whya motorshouldthat wedrives"Throwus aheadit

Of adoration away"?

In a newold lullaby; AIR CASTLE It contributesfear to progress and conquers the stormsAnd

That lash out at creation By Cristel Hastings Of the eagereyed youth of our day.

So—In their roaring, angry might. built a castle in the air—It inspired the poet who followed the plow

the spreckled turned mouse;"up "wee I And it stood, high, Fair and little, but a withWeep me;

It the heartened in the drab homespun man minarets gleaming roof and With this quiet Cut with a cry;

suit into the sky! reached That Songs silenced were

his the out for logs house. he hewed As In the nightfall

I of romance! dreamed And how her stilled. handsWhen were It the the cheered shores bard of young on dashing knight bold and A

Who'd ride that way and offer Avon

ON THE WING His heart to me and gold! WhenIt strengthenedhe countedthe theprinterpenniesand he'dhelpedmade;him

thing strangest to live has happened! By Bernice Anderson The

is the Forgotten knight while learning his trade. On porridge,

OH,dawn,wild geese, cleaving the still gray WithAcrossjewelledthe moorpalfreyat night.dashing It fired a youth as he ceaselessly toiled

his great Polonaise On MHitaire; lilting the could that Spring you knowHow

It Instead one to constant brought morning the you came Prophet hope freed the waters whither Has wing, you feet, eager found of and old till battled triumphant winter has With And in a garden he builded his temple prayer. with As Me dreaming gone?

things around! humble With geese, wild steadily sailing. on, Gray read, "is "Ambition,"we've a merciless

Does the beckoning urge of the northern And so I found my castle cheat foam Not high where spires rear! That to failure and sorrow will lead,"

Call forth from you your winter home, a little valley But in better efforts for But are forth put we not filling of Cadence marshes wide sometimes hearts our often its song? You though bleed? must walk, my dear! Even

Did the south wind whisper a message to Attempts to achieve make us strong to you, endure Filling your heart with a longing pain, As we walk on the pavement of dreams, vast blue, Out of the of expanse our beacon of courage, set high on a And

Calling side, your mate again? to your hill

Oh, wild geese, cleaving sweet air to wing For others, will scatter its gleams.

Beyond the mountains where waits the

Spring!

RETROSPECTION MASQUERADE By Rita Miller By Queena Davison Miller rpHE words we utter, -* chatter, smile and you things do The we You like laugh that and flowers you fade You singAre

Of what? But no matter When summer is through.

It means not a thing:

A gay little bonnet Though they seem as dead,

You wear for disguise, They'll bloom again,

With bright flowers on it As beauty or dross,

To shadow your eyes.. In the souls of men.

xpl&imt ihsL lAnwQJibJL By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

f\xYGEN is usually thought necessary by heating phosphate rock in an electric by weaving with cotton and woolen -'for life, but there are certain bacfurnace to about six thousand degrees yarns, then carbonizing out the cotton teria which live on nitrogen and have Fahrenheit; the resulting phosphorus or dissolving out the wool by caustic

no need of oxygen. vapor is then purified. soda to leave open places in the fabric.

> 4 4 r\e over 14,000 Eskimos in GreenCteel is apparently not much affected land, by the last census, fewer by temperature changes or forces than 300 had ever seen a snowhouse. applied within its limits of strength in

small sections, but when the steel is f* ARLicEATiNG cows make better piclong, these small effects become notice-

V* tures. By eating wild mustard or able, as in the new long bridges. The

garlic the cows produce gelatine conGeorge Washington bridge across the taining the one part in a million of the Hudson River measures sixteen inches complex sulfur compound essential in more in length on a hot summer day very sensitive photographic emulsions. than on a cold winter day. The Gold-

—en Gate bridge at San Francisco, it

is calculated, mile under a hundred an that turbines so improved have Cteam midspan, broadside, at wind, hour * the of get double they amount now feet to twentyone out might swing coal, as with from compared power side. the bridge most This under one

fifteen ago. years from one Roughly loading combinations of severe and equal coal of they can ounce do work will or raised temperature lowered be

for of hour. to that one an working man

its feet elevaten normal from about in the United energy steam from The lie snore, their in down tion at midspan.

is million equivalent the of States 300 "pLEPHANTSL'sleep, have nightmares and which > day. every 8 hours working men To cause to them noistrumpet bellow and is rebuilding of roads method new A efficient this the exget steam power ily. After the of shock they nightmare ** in patent. recent described a Comoriginal its volume, times 1,000 pands are given bales of hay. air drills chisels pressed break up and in to temperature 79 from 900: drops 4 of larger road, old the cement pieces the the pressure Fahrenheit, degrees and

to 1,200 drops pounds from less than *"piVEing yearsat theofMelloncarefulInstitutestudy offorshavIn- aremachineput underneath,gives two toandfoura thousandvibrating mountain. highest that of the the top on

dustrial Research found that water is shakes a minute to pack the pieces.

the greatest hair, softening for agent of cement, layer containing grout A electrons, smallthat the showing "pOR hair's reducing the is strength hardand sand, top spread and water and on like particles matter, est act of ness elastic cent per 60 properties and vibrated. the again road packs This

light in out being of spread bywaves is cent. per 90 Softening necessary is betightly so material the the that road

crystals, of P. G. London Thomson is cause hair lead, dry harder than for immediately, almost as use ready the were awarded Davisson C.and J. or aluminum annealed copper. as the of well being having advantages Washthis in prize year. physics TheNobel ing the face with soap as hot as strong and cheaper than and much in for givenprize chemistry was work water, least lathering at or once, concrete highway. deAnother new of Zurich, vitamins, to Karrer Paulon better twice, is lathering rubbing plasticized and sulphur velopment which the his for formSwitzerland, on work to 2 minutes, from 5 a to diagonally has and superior found roadbe a been discovered vitaminula he of which A, directed it stroke advised. are difin building material that not does Men

is ionone, basic related closely the to fer 1 in 4 in than hair to by more the the hot weather. In "sweat"West violet perfumes. for Sharermaterial skin Indies, and shells shaving removed are by and conch broken and by up ofof the Haworth N. award was W. 1 in to their over 8 dull to for capacity roads. used

for out working England,Birmingham, is blades. razor effect daily of There no

B. ofthe vitamin formula shaving hair the either in on growth the tests ac- r\ELiCATE with made

"rate, coarseness, or thickness of the in the celeration to gravity due the aniare only beings notTJuman beard. that State Building Empire found a sickness. sleeping to mals have

street level at 150 weighing pounds man resulted of losses horses fromHeavy of onequarter ounce an weigh would lastthis year. the during disease Beless in the observation tower. the mosquito, tolieved spread a be by

epidemic stopped with cold weather. A new helpful method for the treat-

4 * ment of cancer is refrigerating the

A RE babies nearsighted or farsighted? body to a state of semihibernation by

"V* Recent studies show, as opposed special cooling devices applied to canto the usual notion, that babies'eyes cer areas, or by X-ray treatment of are farsighted at birth, and become pituitary, thyroid, and sex glands.

more farsighted up to the end of the seventh year. After the seventh year Tf a substance has a bad smell or

the eyes become less and less far- * "stink"it could probably be used in sighted, the change practically stopping perfume. At least the three most imat about 20 years. portant perfumes of animal origin,

chemical important has of the most processes. \T7ool two new smell in the pure state.Ane musk, civet, and ambergris have a dis- A gusting Two

of the past year isdevelopments of cleaning vv cheap smelling method of the worst wool compounds a new process for the manufacturing of by freezing is being used, wherein the known ( skatole and indole ), whose phosphorus. Phosphorus, familiar in wool is cooled to forty below zero smells are recognizable to most, though

matches, bones, fertilizer, baking powFahrenheit and the burrs and twigs their names may not be, are used in der, is now being made in tank car lots drop off. Drawn work can be imitated some of the betterclass perfumes.

fcdihfiiaL and then emerges, through the leaven of her youth, n 99 to study, to serve—and to teach. Her stakes multiTbuv Oirtport: ply from coast to coast, and beyond; and the JJul Tt is well within the memory of many now living Church of the inland west becomes a Church

when the first of our Mormon youth left the whose counsel is sought, whose leaders are trusted, valley lands of the inland west, to go east to study whose beliefs are respected, and who, from being the sciences and the professions. Those who so a majority people in a few communities, have

went out were thought by many to be in great come to be a vigorous and influential minority danger. "Mormonism"socalled, was not popular, people in many communities and societies, with a

and it was not an uncommon thing for a Latterday welcome in all lands of enlightenment. Thus the

Saint student to be subjected to hateful prejudice purposes of the Lord are finding natural fulfilment and social isolation. Then, too, in that day Gospel in this worldwide movement toward an ultimate

truth had not been so thoroughly tested against destiny.

scientific truth as is now the case, and there was Hence the urgent need and pressing timeliness some fear for loss of faith. But our youth went of the message of the First Presidency of the

out with the blessings and good will of the General Church. Hence the responsibility of parents to

Authorities of the Church. Frequently they were keep their children in touch with the pulse at the

set apart as missionaries, and they duly returned central source, by letter, by counsel, by prayer, and to serve the cause of truth and enlightenment in by sending to these youth of "the new outpost"our own communities. the current literature of the Church. Hence the

With the passing of years the number of those responsibility of those who go out, to affiliate with going forth increased until today there is scarcely Church groups and to keep open the channels of a university or community of note or size that does influence and instruction wherever they may go.

not number among its students or its citizens Wherever Latterday Saint youth may be, foredeeply-respected and highlyrated members of the most in their hearts must rest the realization that

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. And the world judges their Church and their people by now many do not come back, but continue to serve the acts of their lives.—R. L. E.

where the opportunities for service are more frequent and seem to pay greater rewards in terms of this world's goods. (LbiHiL, UakniinsL

Of urgent timeliness and deep significance, therefore, is the statement by the First Presidency f ACEY, pastelcolored, a valentine is delivered, of the Church (see page 70) concerning the welconveying its message of affection. With

fare of those young men and women who have left quickened pulse, the girl divines who sent it and her the home fireside and the communities of the dream of love begins to weave itself into her conChurch to seek education and opportunity elsescious pattern of living. That this should be so

where. The statement forcibly reminds us that is the nature of life. Without love, the world

thousands of our youth each year leave the realm would be an uninteresting, drab place. Without

of our immediate influence for one cause or another, the result of love, children, earthlife would soon to become, temporarily or permanently, a part of become nonexistent.

other communities, other societies, in which they Love itself should mean more to a girl than a find many ideas and practices in common, and quickened pulse or a pounding heart. It should

many beliefs and ideals with which they have mean a quickened mind and spirit, a keener eye nothing in common. and ear, a more intense understanding and response

This, in the opinion of many of the thinking men to all of life. True love is the sharpener of wits,

of the Church, is not a situation to be discouraged the enhancer of morality, the awakener to all things where circumstances and personalities are favorgood and beautiful. Love, however, must be guardable. A Latterday Saint young man who lives his ed jealously for it to remain on its proper plane and

religion and cherishes his ideals in a nonMormon lead upward.

community or society, and thereby gains recogni- A girl should ask that her valentine come from tion and promotion (which is invariably the case), a young man whose ideals, ambitions, desires contributes more to the cause of truth and its worldparallel hers; that the laceyness of his gift is chosen

wide spread than can well be estimated or stated from a genuine appreciation for beauty; that the

in measurable terms. Those who are true to their colors, delicate as they may be, are true ones,

principles and teachings, singly, or in groups, are neverfading when the strong suns of prosperity an asset to the Church anywhere, and are safe or the fierce rains of adversity alternately play over from the bypaths and the detours. them; that the sentiment is based on a solid foundaThe only people who are not an asset to themtion of truth.

selves, to the Church, and to the Gospel cause, in In return, the girl's valentine should be no less outside communities and societies, are those who than that she receives. When she sends her valthink they must compromise their principles to win entine, the colors should be indicative of a cheerful

good will, or to gain acceptance—those people who disposition and a sturdy endurance; of a love of

feel that they must lower their own standards rather beauty and a sense of harmony. This harmony or

than give cause for the raising of the standards of sense of wellbeing, will originate from a knowledge others. And such people are not safe anywhere that always to the best of her ability she has lived

at home or abroad. according to the truth that has been taught to her;

This writer finds it difficult to believe that this that her sense of values is a true one, derived from whole pattern of things is not part of the Lord's a growing understanding of the meaning of life as ordained plan. "Zion", driven into the wilderness, planned for her by an AllWise Eternal Father. remains in comparative isolation to gain strength,—M. C. J.

OUTWARD BOUND

C\n a journey of peace and good will to the people of the lord on the islands of the

Pacific. ties of the Church has visited these islands and South Pacific land bodies since the memorable visit of

President David O. McKay, accom-

—whichpanied bywasHughthe J.initialCannonvisit inby 1921any

of the General Authorities to these places. 'T'he purpose of the present Pacific tour is to review temporal and spiritual conditions among the missions and their people, to meet with them and inspire them to a greater love of the Gospel and its worldwide mission, to encourage the missionaries in their labors, and to bring back a comprehensive picture of the Church of Jesus Christ in the

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH RUFUS K. HARDY lands of the Pacific.

Periodic radio programs will be

ThePacificpeopleswillin thesoonislandsexperienceof the becomeSamoa. McKayan annualDaydayin ofSamoaworshiphas presentedStation KSLfor underthese menthe directionover Radioof

again one of those rare and and festivity since the visit there of Richard L. Evans in cooperation

longlooked-for opportunities to see President David O. McKay in 1921, with Earl J. Glade.

and hear and fellowship with memas the first of the General AuthoriElder Smith sailing aboard the bers of the General Authorities of ties ever to visit Samoa. Hugh J. S. S. Lurline January 22, is accomthe Church. By appointment of the Cannon was also present on this panied to Hawaii by Brother and

First Presidency, and in accordance initial occasion. Sister George Q. Morris, Brother

Sister Williams, and and Rex W.with plan of a promise longand it If is to Tahiti reach possible Sister Brother and Matthew Cowstanding, Albert Elder George schedule boat from any by Samoa

{ ley. details. for See 98 page of the ofSmith the Council Twelve to as undetermined, yet TaSamoa travel to plans to Brother Hardy of the Elder K.and Rufus Hardy hiti will the next move. probably be 5. the 5. Hawaii aboard MariposaFirst visit will Council Seventy, of will to Tahiti be Otherwise have sailing 1st, at point February which Australia,Hawaii, Zealand, New point farther reached from some join will Brother ( Hawaii) he Smith. Tahiti,Tonga, probably and Samoa in case journey, along the which his In of speaking forthcomingin trip, the order a named, on and visit trip a will the include return travels, Elder Albert George Smithwhich, indefinite while to date as to probably back thence Hawaii, and all said: loves has Lord men; "The will,of termination, the navery by to mainland. the (Concluded page on 119)ture things, six of require perhaps

months or more, depending upon With the exception of Hawaii, ELDER GEORGE ALBERT SMITH AND PRESIDENT

RALPH OF STAKE OAHU PICTURED visited, frequently has been whichsailing schedules and connections. THEE. WOOLLEY OCCASION ON OF ELDER SMITH'S of the General Authorino member IN VISIT HAWAIIAN 1936. NOVEMBER, itinerary calls for The tentative

a first major stop at Australia, with port calls at Hawaii and Samoa en route. As much time will be spent

visiting the branches of Australia as is consistently possible. The next

move is to New Zealand with a hopedfor jump to Tonga, and back to New Zealand for the fiveday

Hui Tau ( General Conference which will be held at Ngaruawahia,

April 13 to 18 and which it is expected will attract visitors from the entire South Pacific region.

Following this conference the travelers will board the first boat from New Zealand to Samoa where they plan to attend the McKay Day celebration (May 31) which celebration this year will also commemorate the Fiftieth Anniversary of the introduction of the Gospel into.

1oimOn

NEW ZEALAND MISSION of a much larger unit to care for the (Nov. 16), Thomas L. Martin (Nov.

PRESIDENT APPOINTED children who need care. 21 ), and Wendell J. Ashton (Dec. 21 )

The care for crippled children by the Elder Colton, former U. S. Congresswas appointed CowleyIatthew recently returned in has 1911 through Utah, began from Church the man

Mission L 'A New Zealand hospital States the presiding present Hospital, over the Eastern from president L. D. S.

by the First Presidency on December being in operation since 1922. A $3,000 Mission. Elder Berrett is connected

gift from Hyrum Petersen of Spring with the Church Department of EduCity, Utah, will be donated to the new cation. Elder Hinckley is engaged

hospital. with the Church Radio Publicity and

The missionary home movement beMission Literature Committee. Dr.

gan in 1923 when missionaries were Martin is professor of Agronomy at brought to the home for a two day Brigham Young University. Elder

period prior to leaving for the mission Ashton was formerly connected with fields. Later the time was extended to publicity work in the British Mission.

ten days; at the present time seventeen

days are used in the training course. WILLARD T. CANNON PASSES

\T[7'illard T. Cannon, sixty years of

NEW MEMBERS FOR THE vv age, son of George Q. and Martha

SUNDAY SCHOOL GENERAL Telle Cannon, died December 29, 1937,

BOARD at Balboa, Canal Zone, while he was en route with his wife to Cuba for a five several the past P\uring weeks cure. rest at the time Mr. Cannon MATTHEW COWLEY M. CHARLES WOOD have been new members added his of vicepresident passing to of was

30, 1937, to succeed M. Charles Wood, the General Board of the Deseret Sunthe UtahIdaho Sugar Company. He

follows: School as Union, Don president as of the Netherhad served in that mission for day has servedwho

B. Colton (Nov. William E. 16), 19021905. Berlands Mission from years. threeapproximately

Elder Cowley has served in the New rett (Nov. 16), Gordon B. Hinckley [Concluded on page 110)

Zealand Mission previously for a fiveyear term, beginning in 1914. Since

his return from the mission field, Elder

Cowley studied law in Washington,

D. O, where for four years he was in

the office of Senator Reed Smoot. For

the past nine years, he has resided in

Salt Lake City, Utah, where he has practised law, serving for two years as assistant county attorney, and two years as county attorney.

His wife, Elva Taylor Cowley, and their daughter will accompany Elder

Cowley on this mission.

M. I. A. EXECUTIVES TO

VISIT HAWAII General Superintendent George Q. Morris of the Y. M. M. I. A.,

and Sister Helen S. Williams, First

Counselor in the General Presidency MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME of the Y. W. M. I. A., will represent the ARRIVED JANUARY 3, 1938—DEPARTED, JANUARY 22, 193S

to right, First Left.Carl Follinger, P. G. Freeman, Clinton Langton, Row: D. Jesse Gerald Moench, at Associations ImprovementMutual

Pres. J. Claudell Johnson, Sessions (Instructor), Patterson, E. Moffatt. W. Wilford M. Oren in Hawaii Stake Conferencethe Oahu Bishop, Verdell R. Second Dees, Row: Johnson, Martin Milton Arthur Madsen, W. Ried

Petersen, Brigham Y. Paul Card, Fay E. Sorensen. Bergeson, 0. Johnson, Dale Dennis Stumm,on K. two 29 and January 30. The M.

Alfred Call, Burton, Third C. Darley, L. Row: Aileen Ashhaker, Don Sarah Dorothy Falkner, Mrs. executives, accompanied byI. A. Whitehead, Angelina Leslie Terazawa, Allen. Chiya Marian Preston DeVroom, D. Andersen,

Morris and Mr. Williams (Rex W.), Fourth Row: Arthur E. Johnson, Francis L. Burnham, Edna Madsen, Margaret Ririe, Betty Perry,

engaged passage on the S. S. Luvline BeulahFifthHutchinson,Row: FrancisVirginia0. Saunders,Boyer, GladeMontR. Neilson,Willis, NolanEdris T.M. Blaisdell,Williams.Phoebe Jensen, Anna L. Hansen,

from Los Angeles, January 22. Aloa Dixon, Anna Saunders, Rex R. Funk, Ivan Miller, LeRoy Smith.

Davenport, Volgardson, Cycil Corneilus Barton, Bennett, Hanna Stanley W. Glass.

Hortley, Seventh Richard R. Selley, John A. S. Bastion, Merlin Row:NEW BUILDINGS TO Sixth Row: Charles P. Johnson, Andrew B. Horsley, Rexford B. Howard, Ruth Whitehead, Phyllis

Charles Thaddis T. Later, Campbell, Hill, Jesse Artier S. Hawkins. S. A. Lyman, Truman

Palmer,BE ERECTED Paxman,Eighth Theodore L. Hansen, Beth Gerald Beutler, Grover, Albert Martel Row: Clyde Edmonds, M. Vernon Moon,

Hillam, Lee F. Palmer, G. Fielding. Willis M. Boyden, Herman for Clark to care order more adequatelyTn

Ninth Herbert Sterling F. Kunkel, F. Johnson, Manwill, Robert G. Callahan, Carl C. Row: DonA course, missionaries'preparatory the Briggs, Ellis Cluff. H. Andersen, L. Tribe, Cleon Forsgren, Royal Lamont Adare, Bruce G. W.

Harris, Elggren, F. Olsen, Ivan Tenth Eugene Nelson, Wilde, Row: Don D. Lynn Raymond W. built building threestory will bea new

Ariel Lester Charles Kimball, R. Johnson, C. B. Chatterton, F. Austin Whitmer.

the presentnear Mission where Home L. Eleventh B. Louis Athel Beck, Douglas Blood, Row: Hymas, Brammer, H. Max W. Wayne

Fitzgerald, Crane, Kest. Lynn A. James Langston, J. Strange, Campbell, B. A. Robert John the Firststands, announced by it was

Jr., Twelfth Flechser, Cannon, G. H. Bill Seare, Ellsworth Row: Chamberlain, John D. Edwin Don 1937. 29,Presidency on December J. In Andersen, Eldon Ivan Jensen. H. Card, Jordon, Hutchings, C. Ray

the same announcement came the word Thirteenth Row: Fred P. Mason, Jerald Rowan, Leroy Adams, Glen Meyers, Elon V. Smith, Mark

that the Primary Children's Hospital Hammond,FourteenthHorace Row:E. Smith,John KedricY. Merrill,Raymond,JamesMelvinV. Barber,D. Rogers,HaroldJ. WendellMathews,Skinner.Dale G. Hardman, Alma

would be razed to permit the building Evans, Robert L. Beesley, Sherman L. Park, Claire Barlow, Willard Anderson.

Source Materials Concerning Muir's Thesaurus of Truths The Importance of Living

The Book of Mormon (Selected and classified by Leo J. (Lin Yutang, Reynal and Hitchcock,

(Dr. Francis W. Kirkham, Zion Muir and George Muir, Jr. 404 New York City, 1937. 459 pages.

Printing Press, Independence, pages—Deseret News Press, Salt $3.00.)

cents.) City,Missouri, 1937, 1937. 50 $2.50.) Lake

understands both - Yutang, who collection excellent of the truth Y)R HPhis I intiforty years"Cor have known minds, Eastern the and Western A ages, selected of the and wisdom the personally mately author and this in presented the Oriental has book the compiled President capable and by I this treatise. hisof of have known in living understandable of manner an

his colthe of Stake Angeles Los and all interest delight in things andkeen formula, fashion. Occidental His

late laborator, the arrived for too to the ofpertaining Book Mormon, classifies pseudoscientific, as he which as well as this sacred volume itself. Christmas book page but was noted is stimulating to contemplate:As a missionary with him, I know him on page 792 of the December Era. We

often of formulas thought I have by to since opportunity peruse had have an student greatto expounder and be a the of progress mechanism human find the leisurely it to which and book more contriof theof Mormon. The Book historical expressed. can change and be distinguish of elements note which have is in brings hebution which now my as follows: to be seem They collections the of usual it from aphorone. valuable It has a veryjudgment Reality being. equals animal minus dreams

taken years of research and close isms and quotations, and we therefore Reality plus dreams equals a heartache study of the physical evidences and take pleasure in commenting on this (usually called idealism).

materials published prior to, at the volume again. It represents the leisure Reality plus humor equals realism (also

time of, and subsequent to the publitime of thirtyfive years in the pursuit called conservatism).

cation of the Book of Mormon. of an enjoyable hobby. It contains Dreams minus humor equals fanaticism.

All the things surrounding the nearly five thousand cogent quotations Dreams plus humor equals fantasy.

Reality plus dreams plus humor equals all ages, all nations, philosfrom all to 1820 from Smith JosephProphet fifteen into ophies, divided unwisdom. books light. forth in brought 1830 are a new

For the first time since their original der titles such as "The Philosophy By working out a combination ofprinting, the newspaper articles written of Achievement,""Character—the these symbols, Dr, Yutang interestingly

at Palmyra, Rochester, Kirtland, and Universal Reinforcement,""Faith enough analyzed nations, writers, and vicinity prior to and immediately folThe Infinite Motive,"etc., each book states that we can make additional

lowing the publication of the Book of of which is arranged in symposia. In combinations to study men and women

Mormon are now made available to other words, Muir's Thesaurus of in different walks of life.

the investigator of this sacred volume. Truths is not an index of quotations, On first thought we might feel that

Students of this book will be thrilled but "a study of truth"which will be Dr. Yutang is too materialistic in his

with an opportunity to read what Dr. found useful by speakers, writers, stupoint of view. Yet when it comes to

Kirkham has prepared and now predents, and thinkers. R. L. E. a final analysis, his theory is wholesents. New strength and added testiChristmas Bells some because in his materialistic way,

has to the positive of will he emphasizes value every soul who comemony (By E. Cecil McGavin—Meador In this missionary. the the spirit of of the His advocacy Chinese Co., Publishing 1937. 85 pages. goodness.

skeptical and doubting age, when men $1.00.) theory of leisure is not so far a cry

have no source of evidence of immorfrom Dr. Overstreet's Guide to Civil*

tality or the power of God made maniCtrongly reminiscent of the method, ized Loafing. This perhaps is the secret fest among them, surely the perusal of mood, and characters employed by of the fascination the book has, for

this little volume cannot but bring conDickens in his Christmas Carol, this Dr. Yutang makes us feel the imporfidence and assurance that the Lord brief volume of two companion stories, tance of excluding much of our modern

lives and that He has brought forth briefly referred to on page 792 of the haste, worry, and unhappiness. Once

the Book of Mormon in a miraculous December Era, need not be confined again, quoting from Dr. Yutang: "Figyet logical and natural manner, proto the Christmas season for reading or uratively speaking, we... are so

claimed by the modern Prophet, Joenjoying its contents. It contrasts two cramped in our life that we cannot seph Smith. merchants—a "Scrooge"type, and a enjoy a free perspective of the beauties

sort lovable of person, humanitarian of By K. HARDY, RUFUS our spiritual life. We lack spiritual both of time Christmas whom die at Council First of Seventy. frontage."Of The

and go to vastly different rewards, in There is something of smugness and

The Recovery of Ideals vastly different states of mind, and with dogmatism in Dr. Yutang's analysis of

(Georgia Harkness, Charles Scribner's vastly different "mournings"by their our way of living contrasted with the

Sons, New York, 1937, 237 pages, fellow men. R. L. E. Chinese, but there is also much of

$2.00.) stimulation that may come from hearty

disagreement with some of his points youth taken Harkness hasT\R- as the of view.—M. C. /. interest the world of fundamental

todav and has stated that "what ails Paradise Revisited youth fundamentally—and to a large (By E. Cecil McGavin, Meador degree their elders—is that they have Publishing Co., 1937. 88 pages.

no center of stability in their lives."$1.00.)

In her analysis of reasons for this lack, she stresses one that Latterday Saints HPhis fanciful account of a visit to the have long known: the banning of rerealm of the departed, blasts away

ligion from the schools. The author, at Jonathan Edwards and his "hellfire"

who is professor of philosophy at Eltheories, and, by inference from ancient mira College, stresses the need for and modern revelation, builds up a more cooperation between church and story of conditions prevailing in the school. hereafter, with some pointed references

Dr. Harkness has gone a long way to the "high and mighty"of the world

to restore some of the lost ideals and who find their good and humble neighwill make her readers feel her capability bors to be exalted above them in the hereafter. R. L. E. in this field.—M. C. /.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C JOSEPHSON

UPPETRY <pho$iiablsL &

By C F. GREEVESCARPENTER

easier to make if it is cut out separately and glued on the face. Imitation eyes can be bought for a few

cents and these, too, can be glued in position.

Next the hands have to be carved out of soft wood. A block, 8x2x1"

is long enough to make both hands, but be sure to have both a left and right hand. The hands should first

be sketched on the wide surface of

DESIGNING A HEAD

ed to cover not only the glovelike

Hobbies figures, but miniatures which can that are both lots of fun be operated by strings from above and profitable are few and the stage. These latter figures are

far between as the saying more technically called marionettes.

goes, but in puppetry one has just Let us start by making a few real that happy combination. The puppets first, and with them we can

greater one's dramatic ability and give shows and have loads of good showmanship, the greater will be times, for there's nothing more comthe return from operating a puppet ical, or more interesting either, than show. a good puppet show well given.

First try to get together a group And so to the puppets. Make

of your own age who are interested a drawing 15"tall of the figure you in dramatics and with them as the wish to make. For the head a piece

nucleus form your company. of soft wood, 5x3x3", which is

Let us not be carried away with easy to carve, should be obtained.

enthusiasm and attempt to make the Bore a hole large enough in diammore difficult puppets first. It is eter to admit your index finger

far better to begin slowly with the easily, and about 144"deep. On

ones which are easier to make, to the block, sketch the profile of the learn to manipulate them, and head and an outline of the puppet's gradually work toward making real face and neck. Cut or chip away

miniature people and animals for the all wood not included in the design stage of a first class show. so that the head and neck gradually

A real puppet is a painted wooden take on shape. For rounding surfigure which fits over the hand, faces like the chin and head, a wood

glovelike, and is operated by the file is excellent. When finished the

fingers. The word puppet, howentire surface should be well sandever, is a term quite loosely employpapered. The nose will be found A MARIONETTE "SKELETON"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

the block, wrist to wrist, and then clothed, and painted so that in no carved out and sandpapered. The time at all you can have a full cast

fingers can be made to stand out by for any play you wish to give. Of

cutting narrow but deep v-shaped course, you may wish to branch out hollows in between them. Now cut farther afield than the mere making

out two pieces of stiff wrapping of replicas of people, and manufacpaper, 2x6", and fasten these to ture animals instead. This will rethe wrists with good strong glue, quire some little ingenuity and a

binding them on with adhesive tape. close study of the particular aniThe next important thing is to mal's anatomy and habits of movemake a body. This resembles at ment, if it is to be a realistic minfirst a threefingered mitten made iature.

linen, calico, material.from other or or less difficomes the more NowIt suffibe should long enough and task the puppets of making youciently to fit completely over cult wide

the hand and forearm of the operhave created move across a stage, properly gesture be natural and andator the (termed puppeteer). Put

in all their graceful and movements. your leftthis on placing the hand,

patience are Practice and the two finger middle and in thethumb armessential requirements. has If one

in finger the indexpits, and the dramatic, the the ease a sense of In thathead. position put the pupfull control with which manipuand rightpet's the thumb, hand on your THE FINISHING TOUCHES ON A PUPPET CLOWN

left hand on the middle finger, and the head on the index finger. Now,

using the same good grade glue, affix the cloth "body"to the various wooden appendages and firmly bind them in place with adhesive tape.

All that now remains to be done is to supply the puppet with a head of hair made from yarn, or a doll, and to dress the creation in whatever costume you may wish it to wear in order for it to be correctly dressed for the part you wish it to play in the show. \yS7"iTH a little practice many puppets can easily be carved,

A "LADY"ON "STRINGS"

THE MAKINGS OF A MARIONETTE RODEO

lation of the puppets can be obtained will be amazing. and closes easily before each perDetails for the construction of a formance. For background, any

simple stage for the handoperated piece of suitably colored material puppets will be made to suit indimay be fastened to the sides and vidual requirements. It may, for back of the box, which, in a sense, is

instance, be more practical not to the theatre. Gray is a good allhave a stage high off the floor, but purpose color and the cloth should

to have one too low will necessitate be long enough so that it reaches the puppeteer kneeling in order to below the platform. Ingenuity can

stage his show and himself remain be displayed in the making of unseen. The drawcurtain is better scenery from colored scenic photothan the drop curtain, and should graphs, to cutting out cardboard and

be made of heavy material. Care drawing and painting one's own

should be taken to see that it opens scenic effects on them. Whatever

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

is used, though, has to be fastened and feet, and trace these on a piece any doll or other miniature charto a piece of board over the top of of folded muslin, so that you have a acter.

the stage and in front of the backback and front piece for each secNow comes the stringing of your ground. tion. The pieces of muslin should marionette. Get five thin, but

It is a good idea to have your be sewed so that each section of strong, pieces of string and two 8"audience so seated that they cannot the body is done separately. These long by y%'thick sticks to act as

see up through the top of the stage, should then be turned inside out so controls. Attach a string behind

or too far down below the 6"wide that the seams are on the inside. each ear, and one between the pupstuff the body and head with pet's shoulder blades; the ear strings platform. A desk lamp should be Now

fixed on a bracket in such a manner cotton, leaving 1/2"unstuffed to reshould be fastened to the ends of that it does not throw undesirable semble the neck. The hands and one of the sticks, with the shoulder

shadows. Usually it will be better feet should be stuffed with sand, as blade string in the center. Strings

to have it above the stage, shining they need to be fairly heavy. Tie should also be attached to both

downward. with thread for the wrist; add sand hands and knees, the other ends of

fill to affixed strings the being knee tie again; balance the and to elbow art the conquered one has Once stick. other ends of the hand shoulder, 1"of The of within arm to this puppet manipulating type of of equal fastened strings an should be stitch to shoulthen across sew and in experience some has had and

fill the feet, distance halfway about between torso. the the der of For in step next the pupgiving shows,

this fill of center the tie ends second ankle; at and lower with and sand of the making petry be would stick. tie for leg of with sand part and manipulated by marionettes—figures 1"fill task of the makcommences to within of balance knee; Now portions the of to strings attached will, creation ing your obey stitch leg, to your across, of and top sew control to a puppet's and anatomy acting, gesticulattalking, bowing, stitched, unstuffed All torso. these

in puppeteer's above the hands held all in ing, with do accord you what portions, are those as as well which the stage. merely tied, allow for flexibility in at the controls.

very can be Marionettes made in achieved success having Once figure. the the completed Assemble

stuffed with sand and simply and will figures, the manipulating you hair, for the yarn sew add five body, only operated cotton with and puppeteer, an enthusiastic to for become face buttons or black brown quite complistrings, be or they can diffito the will wish and make more cated handcarved ones operated by eyes, and then paint the parts of cult marionettes of wood. Puppetry

strings to every movable section. the body which will show after the furnishes a tremendous amount of

figure is dressed, except the neck, interest and fun, as well as being an

Aake the scale drawing for your ankles, and wrists which should be activity in which every member of figures. From this, cut paper unpainted to allow for easy movethe family can do his part or her

patterns for the head, torso, legs, ment of parts. Dress as you would part.

(BhXXJL Standi thsL J&aLdJwul DURABILITY...

Ancient man recognized the durability of Brick. And though crudely fashioned,

as they were, his monuments stand today as proof that Brick stands the test of time.

BEAUTY...

Through the ages man has sought to further beautify his community, to make his surroundings more pleasant. Brick is the answer to his search for beauty. Brick

construction today is a thing of magnificent beauty.

ECONOMY...

Scientific production has brought Brick within the reach of all. Whether it be

the skyscraper, chapel or modest home.

When you build, check these three points: Durability/ Beauty, Economy.

Interstate Brick Gompany Hyland 630 Salt Lake City 3180 South 11th East

GENERAL CHURCH SECURITY COMMITTEE IMPROVEMENT & BEAUTIFICATION COMMITTEE ADVISERS

HENRY D. MOYLE, Chairman M. O. ASHTON, Chairman HEBER J. GRANT,

CLARK, JR.. REUBEN Presiding ViceChairman SMITH, DAVID A. JUDD, ROBERT L. O. McKAY, Bishopric J.DAVID

B. Relief Society B. LEE, Managing KNIGHT, Director JENNIE HAROLD First Presidency.

MARVIN O. ASHTON GEORGE A. HOLT, Sunday School MELVIN J. BALLARD.

MARK AUSTIN AXEL A. MADSEN, Y. M. M. I. A. JOHN A. WIDTSOE,

E. BOWEN, I. A. ALBERT M. BENNETT, W. Y. W. M. ROSE CAMPBELL BROWN Council

Primary JACK, E. RYBERG WM. MARY Q. SYLVESTER ofCANNON,the Twelve.

A. Landscape T. Committeeman IRVIN NELSON, STRINGAM STEVENS A. SMITH. DAVID

J. FRANK WARD HOWARD J. McKEAN, Building Committeeman JOHN WELLS,Presiding Bishopric.

'THE 6040 PLAN OF THE CHURCH"OUR CHURCHES SHALL BE BEAUTIFUL

HPhe aim of the Church through the Improvement and BeautiHPhe appearance of Church and community buildings fication Committee, is to encourage throughout the Church the and homes mirrors the pride and industry of a "harnessing"of labor that would otherwise go idle, in the repair people. We urge that Latterday Saints become conand the beautification of Church buildings. Nothing is more emscious of the need for improvement and beautification

barrassing to the Church than to have dilapidated, tumbledown to properly reflect to the observer the ideals and high churches, when at the same time ablebodied men and women in the standards of our people. Such a program will stimward would be delighted to improve them. ulate industry and independence and improve the

Stake presidents, investigate the situation in each ward; apappearance and utility of Church edifices and indipoint a competent committee to give the work intelligent and vidual homes. Every stake president and every

immediate direction in your stake. bishop should be responsible for the activity of each

Bishops, investigate! See what can be done! Call in your officer and member in this program.

Ward Church Security Committee, which consists of a member of The First Presidency.

the ward bishopric as chairman, chairman of the welfare committee of High Priests, Seventies and Elders quorums, leader of adult Aaronic Priesthood class, ward Relief Society president, and ward work directors.

Now, Bishops, add to this committee representatives from the

Sunday School, Young Men's Mutual, Young Women's Mutual, and Primary. Make a careful survey. Decide what you are going

to do and divide the work. In some small wards a committee of

this size may be too large and cumbersome. In this event, Bishops,

use your best judgment. Sometime you will find a worthy man or The First Presidency.

woman in your ward who has a hobby of raising flowers, someone who is apt at interior repair or decoration. Put responsibility on

them and let them carry it through. One of the most outstanding

examples of leadership in our Church has been shown by a member of the Relief Society, whom the Bishop chose to carry the responsibility. Our women have leadership! If a bishop is handicapped

in a ward for want of a person who is adapted for this type of work, feel free to call on the president of the stake for assistance and suggestions. Some of the colleges and universities of our

state have special courses in landscaping and the beautification of grounds. The professors and teachers in these schools will assist

us if we will but contact them. A little "touch"by someone

schooled in this work is sometimes the difference between harmony and discord in the surroundings.

Several members of the Beautification Committee are experts in this line of work and are delighted to be of assistance when requested.

Let us wake up to the opportunity before us.

BEAUTY OUT OF UTILITY

COMES WHEN FINE OLD STRUCTURES SUCH AS THE ONE ON THE LEFT, ARE REVAMPED BY THE WILLING

WORK AND DONATIONS OF FAITHFUL MEN AND WOMEN AND BY THE SKILL OF A PROFESSIONALLY QUALIFIED ADVISER AS SHOWN BY THE ARCHITECT'S DRAWING ON THE RIGHT.

Edward O. Anderson, Architect.

.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WiDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

THE NEW PLAN IN OPERATION Needful to this purpose is the orEvery family should attempt to proits food, of possible as of the four ganization standing as comduce much in that most report to pleased are\X/e proIn- help Class should Welfare, every quorum and mittees—Personal * * of the Church of the wards its the struction, Service, members. Miscelfood the and needed by Church duce

full in is already plan Priesthoodnew this, its as unlands large as accomplish work now may To laneous—each is being the programoperation. Where untilled lots desirable as or with vacant used, and one such and more make results carefully, encouragingfollowed if if cultifields, subcommittees, necessary, and, under brought should be

obtained. beingare activity. needed, coone temporary Such vation or more comquorum by meetthe Priesthood wards In some are for special mittees projects apagricultural be operative work may the it follows in others precedes,ing In financially, help case, pointed. profitable in every usually any and quorum

will Experience show School.Sunday a the as four standing committees be greatly to should cement the quorum

satisfactory will be most methodwhich in active. great kept organized a brethren fully engaged of Acand body

It is requorum. Priesthoodto the is tivity the to progress. cause. key common Priestthe in that few wards aported in cities, the also larger In the and shall these do? committees What night. a meets on weekhood are there numerous smaller towns, Priesthood Manual, See Handbook A to relative quorum Communications lots, quoPriesthood the vacant which the Melchizedek for Quorums of various plans these underexperience fruitful into well convert could rums the of 1933. Priesthood, names The the Melchizedekwill by welcomed be unitdone labor gardens. Such when their indicate duties. also committees the Council of CommitteePriesthood is small, but edly quorum members by is instructed to Again, every quorum South Temple, East 47 the Twelve,of will benefits spiritual material the and related projects or carry one on more City, Utah.Salt Lake underproject could large. be This be to the program. Security Church Which

as well as in urban quorums taken by is optional project? the with This MELCHIZEDEK STAKETHE localities. rural the the of with quorum and knowledge COMMITTEEPRIESTHOOD

local Security Committee. Program asked on been have howQuestions FUNDS is QUORUM infor opportunity Here quorum

function. shall this stake committee itiative. does Security program Church HPhe again read please connectionIn this let Finally, realize that every quorum the relieve from quorums A not Era, Improvement 768, page Theon it is called activity, into ACTIVITY—for caring finding responsibility of and is said under 1937, whatDecember, its feature. distinctive which should be high in need. are The members who"5. Supervision."Stake

It is again recommended that the ideal of the quorums should be to care, stake committee meet monthly with the QUORUM CENSUS REPORT as a quorum, for all members who find conditions. in unfortunate themselves quorumofficers and the quorums of

issue of ImproveJanuary the Tn The if the comaccomplished be This may problems, reports, consider togroups that the its request Era, ment was made welfare does personal mittee on etc., that eachactivities, and programs,

all Priestof the Melchizedek quorums faithfully. work in visited be quorum andgroup

a of the conditions census its hood make are Priesthood quorums quarleast Melchizedek a once at meetingweekly its of needs (page and membership 39) all derived that from funds of advised the memberster or more one by

It is this that urgent survey be comprojects, assigned after the stakes, quorum In few a committee.stake

earliest date. the possible pleted at the to contribution has scattered, been made are widely the wardswhere

it may be wise to attempt to hold only The information is probably availChurch Security program, should be district monthly meetings, and stake able in the census made by the ward retained and disbursed by the quorum meetings only quarterly. These are Security Committees on which all for the benefit of quorum members who

matters for each scattered stake to Priesthood quorums have representamay be in need.

work out for itself. The objective is tion. However, if the information has Quorums will shortly be advised of

to secure results in a feasible and econot already been secured by this Com- a plan by which their quorum funds mittee, the quorum way.nomic loss until such protected be from should take steps may

to complete the work. from the Council of for time disbursed as be A questionnaire they may

the Twelve and new quarterly report Each quorum should report its own quorum purposes under proper authorforms will be sent to the stakes early census as a quorum project whether or ity.

in February. not the Security Committee has made

QUORUM COMMITTEES itsthereport.same asThethoseblanksused forby thisthe purpose,General TEACHERSELECTION OF THE CLASS

Security Committee, obtained be may PROJECTSAND Instruction Class '"The Comrepresentative the stake from ward or quorums Priesthood many"LJow for the A mitteestandingshould be responsible are of the Security committee. General

progress satisfied* * fully with their in of acceptable manner census completed be sent presentation The may and accomplishments during 1937? directly to the Church Security comthe Priesthood course of study. Every

Which quorums are they? Certainly mittee, 312 Union Pacific Building, quorum and ward group, where the

the great majority of them were not Salt Lake City, Utah, which committee, quorum is divided, should have its class satisfied. Why? Chiefly because there in this matter, acts as the agent of the teacher or leader, serving under the

was too little activity. Melchizedek Priesthood committee. direction of the Class Instruction ComBut 1937 is past and gone and nothmittee.

ing can be done to improve its record. AN IMPORTANT PROJECT The quorum or group teachers should

Its lessons, however, may and should FOR ALL QUORUMS be selected by the quorums upon the be most helpful to us in 1938. Failures, recommendation of the Class Instruclike successes, have their causes. Shall Among the activity projects that may tion Committtee, in consultation with

not each quorum decide that successes, "be taken up by the quorums none the bishop of the ward. Observance of

rather than failures, shall characterize is more important than that of producthis method of selecting the class its course during 1938? ing food stuffs. teacher will prevent misunderstandings.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

BISHOP'S TIME IN THE WEEKLY PRIESTHOOD Jjwwl JhsL J>iaajL (phJLbJudsmo—

MEETING 3 April 26, 1937.

President Rudger Clawson and Members of the Council of the Twelve.

T Tnder the heading "The New PriestDear Brethren:

* hood Plan"The Improvement Era In your communication of March 18, 1937, you say that you have given consideration for December, 1937, pp. 768771, outto methods of combating the increasing trend toward the use of alcohol and other inlined this plan. Relative to the "Weektoxicating beverages even among members of our Church, and, as a result of your study,

ly Meeting,"p. 768, the statement is you offer eight definite recommendations which we approve as follows:

made that "this meeting should occupy 1. You may proceed to organize a campaign throughout the Church against the use

against attention of alcoholic that suggest, however, beverages. your while major you We least at more. preferably minutes, 50

evils the particular, special that in emphasis lay alcohol to of the continue use upon you It parts, consist (a) of should two tobacco. that cigarette the of other the of forms use and

the presiding opening, and the bishop all this for Priesthood 2. the project to a plan campaign your make commend followWe nature, general apresenting matters of of responsibility the charging Aaronic, the quorums, both with Melchizedek and quorums

to last about 15 minutes, and (b) the (a) keeping their own members free from the vice of using alcohol and tobacco, and (b) separation into quorum meetings,"etc. assisting all others to do likewise.

Reports have already come in indi- 3. Consult the Presiding Bishopric with a view of securing their cooperation and that

in Priesthood the of the of proposed program. carrying the out Aaronic thatcating take bishops more some

4. the to organizations Auxiliary the give help in Priesthood should such quorums minutes only minutes,than 50 15 though of as requested be consistently quorums. Priesthood campaign them may by

for available parts (a)are and both distribution to 5. preparation the report blanks various and of upon quorums The (b). We strongly advise that bishops which shall be recorded, at times designated, the progress of the quorums in the elimination

do not infringe upon the 35 minutes the of drinking among their members, will be a helpful and contributive factor in the success plan assigns to the quorums. Their of this project.

program requires at least 35 minutes. 6. Regarding officers of quorums disciplining weak and recalcitrant members who

If part (a) requires more than 15 minpersist in the use of intoxicants, we suggest that you emphasize the importance of getting recalcitrant activity into these they through gain strength to which members some may utes, should the time be secured by arskill is of true leadership their weakness. in disfellowshipment not The shown that ranging than 50 minutes more excommunication, be overcomeor conversion. but in

given to weekly meeting. 7. Providing the quorums with literature, moving and sound pictures and production

Will bishops please be governed by machines, and any other facilities and material, we most heartily endorse. We commend

these recommendations? you for taking advantage of the moving picture and sound production machines as

educational factors in this project.

8. We cannot think of the nature of the campaign you propose being anything else

MISSIONARY CLASSES but educational and spiritual. This it should be in the truest sense of the word. It should

not and must not be tinctured wih political or partisan issues.

Ceveral years ago missionary classes Slogans are battle cries, and are truly effective when the heat of a campaign justifies *-* in the Sunday Schools of the Church their use. When repeated listlessly without spirit behind them, they become worse than

ineffective. that suggest consider carefully very advisability the you of choosing We instituted prefor of the purposewere

slogan. a areparing young and women men who for desire to effective you your to adopt commend measures counteract the We the missionariesprospective fundwith evil cigarette of intemperance growing particularly smoking, and the among people young

First the of Gospel.amentals The is of best abstinence Total the our Church. securing, of means maintaining enforcing and

Presidency gave their endorsement to prohibition of intoxicating liquors; and abstinence and selfcontrol are fostered by educathis movement and requested that these tion and true enlightenment regarding the evils of alcohol and tobacco.

classes be supervised by the stake May the Lord bless your efforts to the good of the young people of the Church, the presidencies in the several wards of State, and the Nation, we remain.

their respective stakes. A twoyear Sincerely your brethren,

course of study was prepared, but for THE FIRST PRESIDENCY, some reason in many of the stakes of By Heber I. Grant,

the Church this class has been permitted David O. McKay.

to die or has been indifferently held.

It is imperative that this course of study be given, and prospective misPresumably each Priesthood quorum Delaware 1.233

sionaries be invited to take the course has already planned and organized District of Columbia 3.793

Florida 1.141 instructions. to theaccording former for to the project carry the forward

Illinois 1.493 presidencies please take stake theWill liquor parallelnon-use of tobacco, and Indiana 779this in can see matter and what hand the the of of study Wisdom. Word Louisiana 1.045 of efficiency the increase tobe done this along urge promptly be done ingWe Maryland 1.177

classes?these article, lines in the the indicated Era Massachusetts 1.018

and that the work be energetically prosMinnesota 1.1 14

LIQUOR AND TOBACCO butecuted,wiselynot hystericallyand persistently.and offensively,Seek the NebraskaNevada 3.3191.164

ABSTINENCE—A QUORUM cooperation of the Church auxiliaries New lersey 1.184

Mexico 1.068 New that other agencies sympathetic andPROJECT York 1.182 are New assist. willing to Rhode Island......1.247 Improvement(\n page 770 of The official following information The South Carolina 795 1937, - Era, December, office we read unthe State of the from Liquor Utah South Dakota

der the heading of The Quorum AcControl Commission will indicate the Texas..,.741891

tivities: "6. Two lines of activity each magnitude of the liquor problem: Wisconsin 1.258

quorum—to secureis requestedabstinenceto makefrom theprominentuse of CONSUMPTION OF DISTILLED Monopoly States

liquor and tobacco and to help develop SPIRITS DURING 1936 Idaho 1.038

Security program."the Church Then 15 Monopoly States and 23 License States IowaMaine.861440 relative remarksfollow and suggestions

to these projects. Gallonage Michigan 1.002

License States Per Capita Montana 1.531

Concerning the liquortobacco proArizona 1.307 New Hampshire 958

ject the following copy of a letter by Arkansas 1.076 Ohio 929

the First Presidency will be of great California 1.539 Oregon 1.034

interest: Colorado 1.018 {Continued on page 106)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

Liquor Sales Number County (Dollars) Permits Sold Beaver $ 43,935.83 1,057

Boxelder 74,445.98 2,054

Cache 148,519.23 3,352

Carbon 173,669.55 4,870

Daggett 4,221.45 147

Davis 30,669.17 729

Duchesne 21,418.48 554

Emery 35,287.11 1,018

Garfield 33,422.88 596

Grand 21,150.19 469

Iron 76,092.15 1,732

Juab 67,019.45 1,316

Kane 19,357.24 500

Millard 45,654.75 956

Morgan 11,103.43 204

Piute 18,314.78 379

Rich 6,669.53 195

San Juan 10,822.87 356

Sanpete 89,514.54 1,734

Salt Lake 2,017,942.22 43,289

Sevier 89,165.51 1,770

Summit 68,590.29 798

Tooele 63,228.39 1,406

Uintah 67,747.57 1,744

Utah 263,919.95 6,178

Wasatch 24,565.63 675

Washington...... 46,922.78 1,322

Wayne 7,193.58 207

Weber 467,168.36 9,518

Totals $4,047,832.89 89,185

Utah has a population of about 550,000. Approximately threefifths of

these are minors to whom liquor cannot legally be sold. On an average

therefore every adult in Utah pays about $20.00 per year for liquor. Can

Utah afford four million dollars a year for liquor? Remember this cost does

FLOOD TIDE not include that paid for beer. How

much is paid for tobacco? Suppose

is in state (Continued from page 105) states are the those which the paid liquor, for money beer, in Utah 1.075Pennsylvania either legal the wholevendor, only tobacco spent to were remove.953Utah sale only, as both or wholeWyoming, build bless the up and peo-.659 poverty—toandVermont retail, sale Utah, Washington, as and ple. Results? 893Virginia

etc. states, that wholesale Monopoly is 1 in the state only Utah.047 the UnionWashington

West Virginia 977 only, issue licenses for retailing. Liwhere the majority of the people are

Wyoming 1.372 cense states have virtually the old members of the Church. How does it

system. saloon feel to us learn that make nine there areSummary following table is most informThe liquor states other (not those 1.182 States23 License

: ative partially15 or States 964 wholly Monopoly dry—Alabama,counting

It will be noticed that four of the TOTAL LIQUOR SALES BY COUNNorth Carolina, Kansas, etc. ) in which

license states and five of the monopoly TIES IN THE STATE OF UTAH FOR the per capita consumption of liquor states have a lower per capita conTHE PERIOD OF ONE YEAR is less than in Utah? Let all the Priestsumption than does Utah. Monopoly December 1, 1936 to November 30, 1937 hood get busy in the campaign!

MELCHIZEDEK OUTLINE OF STUDY FOR MARCH

Text: The Word of Wisdom—A Modern Interpretation, by John A.

Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe.

THE 1938 MANUAL LESSON VII III. How Much Alcohol Is Consumed?

HPhe 1938 study course for all MelAlcohol IV. Alcohol Is Not a Food.

a. Define food. A chizedek Priesthood quorums, The (First Part of Chapter 5)

InterpreWisdom,Word of A Modern if it is I. What Is Alcohol? b. alcoholContrastandthefood.differences between only fill its missiontation, can

read and studied by all Priesthood II. The Use of Alcohol Is An AgeOld V. There Is Danger In the Temperate

members. Hence every member should Evil. Use of Alcohol.

have a copy. This fact should be a. The evil of it has long been recVI. How Does Alcohol Affect the Mind?

urged in every quorum. While every ognized. a. The first effects are like those of

one will want a clothbound copy, yet b. There have been many movements any narcotic.

we are pleased to announce that a against the use of alcohol. b. What happens to the brain?

cheaper paperbound edition has been c. Antialcohol movements culminated c. Give the testimony of Dr. Hugo

printed and can be secured from the about the time the Word of WisMunsterberg, worldfamous psyDeseret Book Company at 50c a copy dom was given. chologist.

or six for $2.50, plus sales tax in Utah. d. Note the legislation against alcohol. d. What is the final effect?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

Questions, Problems, Projects. statistics as to diseases resulting from the Manti, Utah

use of alcohol. December 20, 1937.

the alof financial value is the 1. What his family. Nielsen, injures Dr. Otto drunkard To 3. The

neighborin your drinkscoholic consumed it justifiable to prevent of extent South Sanpete Stake Mission then is President what hood? him from securing alcoholic drinks? Ephraim, Utah.

2. Why may we not class alcohol as a 4. What is the best method in your localfood? evil? to alcohol Nielsen: President Dear 3. Why is the temperate use of alcohol ity 5. the danger from alcohol in Howcorrectmaythe

dangerous? behalf of the Stake Presidency I this On controlled? be age speedmad

4. Alcohol is a narcotic. What does that want to take this privilege of wishing you

themean? missionaries loyal force of your and MISSIONARY STAKE WORK

of mental disturbance foltype 5. What Greetings. Season's from the by the reports of alcohol? the use A s indicatedlows of your missionary the work As we view 6. Why was not the prohibition experi- ** First Council of the Seventy which force the past year, we are aware of the

ment in the United States completed? In are being published monthly in The most gratifying results. Our Father in

what manner is the nation "paying the Improvement Era, the results from Heaven must also look with pleasure upon price"today/ stake missionary activity have been the results of your efforts in our Stake.

this labor result of noticeable new very One degree. These to extreme gratifying an

VIII missionof the testimony is increased theLESSON startlingly apparresults more become testimonies have Their aries themselves. (Continued)Alcohol in of one terms considered ent when faith their made strengthened and been

it ( Latter Part of Chapter 5 has stake. meant Think what functional. for more

I. How Does Alcohol Affect the Body? example, to Liberty Stake, to be able Through the work of your mission, the

a. It causes lack of muscular control. to report that during 1937 they have Sterling Ward especially has been trans-

b. It diminishes endurance. had 94 missionaries active who have formed into a real organization. For years

c. It makes motorists and aviators uncontributed 4,926 evenings or parts of they have been on the bottom of our Stake

safe. days, devoting 8,579 hours to the makbut due to your efforts they have led our

last six months. of the alcohol. injured d. three Athletes are out by Stake calls, including 4,742 ing of 11,099

Sterling e. of the children of drinking first Bishop women Ward The Chapman revisits. 4,133 invitations And and they of injured. credit the force are which gives your

held this activity they have during the of centers brain are higher deserving. well f. The are

numbed, giving ascendency to the 9,464 Gospel conversations, distributed I feel our people at home are worth as lower impulses. 120 books, 7,337 tracts, and held 122 much to the Lord and His work as are

II. Alcohol Leads To Disease. cottage meetings, the grand and inthose out in the world. And I am sure

a. The bloodstream is tainted. spiring result of which has been 258 that God is pleased with our efforts in re-

b. The stomach and digestive system persons brought into the Church claiming many of our local loved ones.

efforts for the combless your God injured. are May 161 of baptism and the waters through

to faith your wisdom and give ing year and c. liver diseased. becomes The into again brought inactive members cause, this soulsaving in great brethren d. circulatory heart system and The is cause there In activity. such reports all. is for prayer you are weakened. my

for rejoicing. sincerely yours, e. resistance drinker has reduced Very The

to infection. Think what it has meant to the misLeland E. Anderson,

III. Much Social Injury Is Due To Alsionaries and to the wards when such President, South Sanpete

cohol. letters as this can be written: Stake.

a. The moral sense becomes blurred.

criminality. b. increases Alcohol L. D. S. MISSIONS STAKE OF THE REPORT MONTHLY

is c. of alcoholism. a result Poverty Apostles to Council the Twelve of the Seventy First The Council of The by Made d. accidents. increases Alcohol 1937 November, the of For Month

e. follows misery the use of Human Activities Missionary

alcohol. - - 6,041 missionary in 1. work or part spent days Evenings f. its families victims. are Innocent

- 13,804 in missionary 2. work spent Hours is IV. Alcohol Poison. Racial a

- 10,642 - - tracting calls while of 3. made Number of Indictment Against V. Summary The 3,350 tracting in first while invitations—4. of -—Number Alcohol.

- - - - 3,175 5. revisits of Number—- It a. injures mind, especially and body - conversations 6. of Gospel Number the brain. nerves and

-... distributed 233 7. of works standard Church Number is It—-—11,955 b. the of cause misery human

- 627 distributed 8. of other books Number -—drinker. the other than among 14,703 distributed 9. tracts of pamphlets and Number life. It c. shortens human

- - 161 sold of 10. of Books Mormon Number d. Association Medical American The—-- - 234 held hall of meetings 11. Number it. against declared has

750 12. of held meetings cottage——Number

-the Evil Alcohol CorBe May VI. How - 2,738 attended hall meetings 13. of cottage and Number rected? 2,573 hall meetings at investigators cottage present of 14. and Number

a. First education. by 85 of result missionary 15. as a of baptisms work Number

it b. will against debe must The into activity the 16. brought of inactive of Church members Number veloped.... the service during 299 missionary—month through stake

it. c. Substitutes for must found be

d. Obedience to positive aspects of Additional Information

Word of Wisdom helps overcome Number of stakes in the Church 118 alcohol habit. Number of stake missions organized 1 14

e. is better Prevention cure. than Missionaries Actively Engaged

f. set parents the right must and Home

- 101 reporting of stakes—No. example.

363 of Districts Number is VII. of The Confirmed Word Wisdom 258 - Elders - -

in Its Statement. 1,158 Seventies

VIII. Wine Should Not Be Used in the High Priests -- 261

Sacrament. Women 263

a. The meaning of Bible "wines"is

misunderstood. Total - 1,940

b. Under divine revelation, water may Special Items of Interest

be substituted for wine. Interviews were held in the office of the First Council with three Stake Presidents

Questions, Problems, Projects and elevenThirty Stakevisits Missionin connectionPresidentswith duringStake Missionarythe month ofworkNovember.were made by members of

1. What means would you take to prethe First Council to Stakes and Quorums during the month of November.

vent drinking in the family? By the public? The First Council of Seventy,

2. Secure from the local Board of Health by RULON S. WELLS.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

just sion in are they temof as completely should be the separate ward which OFFICERS CONTACTQUORUM credit apart residing stake other from as and be given on work may MEMBERS AWAYWITH the FROM visorporarilythe are missions the of the records quorum. Northern home allabroad—in PRESIDING BY URGEDHOME It is in States, or or Southern the of every through duty quorum, England in GerBISHOPRIC its officers, the supervisor and the bishopmany..."

ric, to in touch with keep members which under plan of aPxtension go. PRIESTHOOD AARONIC ADULT they quorums wherever may Manyall Priesthood of Aaronic*—'members regular maintain correspondence abwith STUDY COURSE

in kept are from homequorums away sent reports sending members, and news for course recommended TThe study activities and with quorumtouch activities, to retain thus helping of quorum

Church affairs in general, is recominterest in the quorum and in Church work adult Aaronic Priesthood classes is mended by the Presiding Bishopric coin general. the Priests'Manual for 1937. This

incidentally with the issuance of a We trust that this procedure will, in manual contains the fundamentals of special request by the First Presidenthe future, be followed by all quorums in Priesthood practice and is ideal for full that order redischarge our may we this purpose. price cents, is ten The from all people away young thatcy

all sponsibility aid and quorum members for the as other guides. lesson same for exor for work, school, athome in possible. reevery are Bishops way remittance Orders sent with should be enafter and visits be lookedtended this to discuss quested plan all suwith

office. to the Presiding Bishop's actheir continue Church tocouraged its pervisors urge immediate adoption. and

branches or intivities the wards brethren, in Sincerely your BE REPREGROUPS TO temporarily. residing Sylvester are Q. Cannon. ADULT theywhich SENTED MELCHIZEIN STAKE Smith, A. David It has been by the recommendedPresiding Bishopric for several years John Wells, DEK COMMITTEE MEETING

that quorum officers and members The Presiding Bishopric. T Tnder the provisions of a new stake

maintain correspondence with absent FEATURES OF THE AARONIC *>"1 supervision plan for the Melchizemembers. In order further to encourPRIESTHOOD PROGRAM dek Priesthood, which will also proage quorums to look after members FOR 1938 vide cooperation with the Church Seaway from home and to encourage ab- 1. Gold Star Standard Quorum Awards. curity program, a representative of the

sentee members themselves to continue 2. Campaign for One Million Assignadult Aaronic Priesthood is to become

in quorum activity, the Presiding Bishments to be filled by members under a member of the joint group to meet opric has announced that effective im20 years of age. with them when matters of participamediately (January) such members 3. The Restoration Anniversary Celebration in Security program projects are

who attend meetings and engage in tion featuring "The Lamanites"as the being considered.

central theme. or activities plan in the This which prepared wards was byquorum

the of emphasis 4. Renewed Aaronic the reside in Priesthood tempoMelchizedek they Commitwhichbranches

Priesthood Correlation plan with emtee of the credit of the on the Council be given torarily are Twelve and leadership, activphasis on program, records of their home quorums. In ity, and missionary correlation. the Presiding Bishopric, provides that

order to secure the credit, the member 5. SemiAnnual conventions in connection periodical meetings are to be held

is to report his attendance and activwith General Conferences in April and jointly by the stake Melchizedek Priestity to his own quorum officers, the reOctober. hood committee and the stake Securport to carry the endorsement of a 6. SemiAnnual leadership conferences ity committee to plan quorum and

member of the bishopric of the ward in during April and October General group projects under the Church SeConferences. curity the plan. resides or a repsuch meetings temporarily At hewhich

7. Leadership Training in Conventions the resentative Priestadult with of of the Aaronic supervisor quorumquorum stake groups. (Completing the program assist will affiliated. attend is in planning and hood temporarilywhich he under October Conference.) way since

The statement of the Presiding 8. The Churchwide campaign against projects to be conducted by the adult

Bishopric is as follows: liquor and tobacco. groups in the stake.

9. Projects under the Church Security A similar plan is recommended in

January 3, 1938 Plan. each ward with the ward adult AaronTo Bishops and Counselors. 10. Yearround social and fraternal activic Priesthood supervisor representing

Dear Brethren: ity program, correlated with the Y. that group in the joint meetings in the

it of the M. has been one For many years M. I. A., Sunday Schools, and ward.

Seminaries. of the Presidingrecommendations Bishop11. Special participationric that members from quorum home in stake quarterly FIRST away QUOSTANDARD

Priesthood conferences.at school, visiting for working, or extendGOES TO RUM AWARD1937 12. Grading Priesthood Quorums.ed periods, in be kept touch with quorum BALBOA WARD

affairs, letters of means from by quorumofficers and members, by reports, and in ADULT AARONIC PRIESTHOOD "D alboa Ward of San Francisco Stakeother ways, and that they be urged to AND STAKE MISSION WORK receives the honor of having the BEassociate visitors TO themselves KEPT SEPARATE as with quofirst for Standard Quorum Award therums in rethey wards in are which statement appearing below is 1937. TpHE This being consecuthe secondsiding temporarily.

tive reprinted qualified for has the year this from quorum Improvement the with In harmony suggestion now the is also the first award, 1938 quorum for January, (page 39). The thebeing the First made by that Eta Presidency,

special. efforts be made by parents and instructions given therein have the full to be awarded the Gold Star.

others to maintain contact with all young endorsement of the Presiding BishopThe report was signed by the people who are away from home, and to ric. In instances where stake missionpresident of the quorum, Arthur W.

further encourage quorum officers to acaries are assigned to labor with adult Sadler, endorsed by the quorum suforcount every of the member quorum, pervisor, the stake approved inAaronic Priesthood and these members, by it is all atwherever possible, it has been of the structions will Priesthood. special chairman Aaronic application. havedecided that where attend members quois of the of statement follows: is as quorum The record The inrum meetings and acengage quorum

note. procedure quorum Ativities in the or in effort wards branches to the lounusual which missionaries use in Any

they are temporarily residing and report cal or stake activities must be abandoned, program and a social and fraternal such attendance and activity to their own for to use them so would completely deactivity program were set up and quorums with the endorsement of a memmoralize the stake missionary work. Let followed throughout the year. The

ber of the bishopric or the quorum superus quote from letter No. 4. "The Stake Misaverage attendance was 65 per cent.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

The record in tithing, observance of the Word of Wisdom, and filling assignments was 100 per cent in each case. Seventyfive per cent of the flaronic Priesthood

members engaged in two quorum projyear.ects during the

Reports on Standard Quorum Standard Quorum Buiard for 1937 should achievementsAward

Bishopric to the Presidingbe sent as This vJlliiird ofis issuedJesus Christby theofPresidingLatterdayBishopricSaints toofthethe Church soon as possible. Stake chairmen of

their with com- * PriesthoodAaronic for checking responsiblemittees are +4 - with each quorum and reporting those of the SsaAUuj Ward of CUc&avt&Uw\ Stake in commendation which have earned the award. for meritorious achievement in

PRESIDING BISHOPRIC URGES frfothood Quorum HclMty

This 192 S the year Quorum has reached the recommended standards to recognition quorum. as a standardWIDER USE OF MANUAL duringand is entitled

'T'he following circular has been sent -*- to all bishops and counselors: *&<

C.ty, Utah Sah Lata January 3, 1938. Dated at

aamasTo Bishops and Counselors. /$ - /#3f <r*&? L

Dear Brethren: With the longer period of time now

provided for Aaronic Priesthood Quorum meetings, the use of the lesson manual by things In connection activity work. that we desire especially to call to sons and increasinglyall becomes members quorum

attention: of ward matter important the therewith It is therefore your desirable.important and

urged that all quorum officers and memFirst. In view of past unsatisfactory exteaching should be followed up.

bers provide themselves with the manual. perience in having the Priesthood meet We feel certain that, if the instrucIt is suggested that each quorum appoint either conjointly, or at the same time, with tions previously given are carried out, and

a manual secretary, who will secure the other organizations, it is now decided that if the above items are kept constantly in orders from quorum members and that suthe Priesthood shall meet each week sepmind, the coming year will show great pervisors encourage the use of the Manual arately from any other organization. improvement in the Aaronic Priesthood

activity. possiblein way. every

is this to Second. meeting weekly That officers, acfirst of quorum duty The and for a successful wishes best With all Priesthood—-Melchizedek and 107, (Section revelation to Docthecording are, Year, we happy New the prefershould, ward, and includeAaronic—in is to each teachtrine Covenants) memand brethren, Sincerely your ably, as general gathering a under meet outline manuals his duty. quorumber The

direction the of the bishopric to consider Sylvester Q. Cannon, prosuggest quorum duties of members,the

grams and procedure, offer suggestions to briefly any matters, of general concern, David A. Smith,

receive instructions and any from the bishsupervisors, andbishoprics, quorum officers, Wells, John opric; to into separation followed be by principles apply Priesthoodmembers, and Bishopric. Presiding or lesThe for the quorums groups Priesthood lessons. specially preparedthrough the No

quorum can function to the best advantage unless the members have manuals.

The subjects for 1938 are: Priests,

Priesthood Studies; Teachers, Priesthood, THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW

Religion and Success; Deacons, The Deacon's Responsibilities. The lessons cover A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

the entire calendar year of 1938—one lesLord's Law of Health

son for each week.

If manuals have not already been orit is that ascereachdered urged quorum of the campaign are now Details entire the present the year T\uring officers desiredtain the and number by its several committees developed by is great edbeing in a to engage that the ** Church covering order one andmembers needs of all quorums of the Aaronic Priestucational campaign for the purpose of and are expected to be announced hood be sent at once. The price is 10c a encouraging Latterday Saints better shortly.

remitshould with Orderscopy. be sent and of to the observe Wisdom Word SET FOR RECORD office. this totance NEW all abparticularly members have to

brethren, VIOLATORS Sincerely your LIQUOR LAW toalcohol of use and stain the from Bishopric, Presiding The to referring reports, VS7ashington bacco. Sylvester Cannon. Q. By * * Attorneyof report the annual

is to to requested be quorum Every that indicate more General Cummings, plan the in join the campaign. BEPRIESTHOOD MEETINGS When TO federal for to prison sent persons were

it is is hoped of campaign announced ORSEPARATE FROM OTHER in in than violations 1937 liquor law Priesthood quorum that PRIESTevery AaronicGANIZATIONS. BOTH the of In year. view prohibition any to will support give wholehearted GROUPS TOGETHERHOOD prohibition that made charges made leaders. request our by every made citizens and of violators out good law letter sent following has beenHThe

to all bishops by the Presiding BishProbably the most definite point of that repeal would result in better law opric: attack by the liquor and tobacco inobservances, these figures are of unJanuary 3, 1938 terests is within the age groups repusual interest.

To All Ward Bishoprics. resented in Aaronic Priesthood quoPrison commitments for liquor law

Dear Brethren: rums. This is particularly true of violations in the year ending June 30,

As you are informed from the letter of cigarettes. It is therefore among the 1937, were 5,390, a record figure. The

President Rudger Clawson of the Council young men of the Church that the highest number of convictions during of the date under of October Twelve, Officials fruitwill in 1932. prohibition most 5,045 be campaign 28th, proposed was

ofthe shall Priesthood henceeach ward this during results. offense beneficial and ful of the chief said For nowforth at suitable a time meet each week

sale of possession of and prohibition the the reason, support campaign was at the the ofto chosen Bishopric option be and Priesthood of each ward, with the should be wholehearted on the part liquor on which the federal tax had approval of the stake presidency. In conof all leaders and members of Aaronic not been paid, which, of course, is

nection with this change there are two Priesthood quorums. what we call "bootlegging."

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

A Test of Love: Is it not reasonable for

us to suppose that the test of our love for

disclosed in the conversation as found WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, MARCH, 1938 Peter,the Lord will be the same as it was with 21 they had dined,: 1517, "So when in John

FAITH IN THE SERVANTS OF GOD Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of

Jonas, lovest thou me more than these?

For unto you [the Twelve] and those [the First Presidency] who are appointed He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest

with you, to be your counselors, and your leaders, is the power of this Priesthood that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed

given for the last days and for the last time, in the which is the dispensation of the my lambs. He saith unto him again the

fullness of times. Which power you hold in connection with all those who have second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest

received a dispensation at any time from the beginning of the creation; For verily thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord;

I say unto you, the keys of the dispensation which ye have received, have come thou knowest that I love thee. He saith

down from the fathers; and last of all, being sent down—D.from& C.heaven112:3032.unto you. untohim thehim,thirdFeedtime,my sheep.Simon, Heson saithof Jonas,unto

lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because

TThe keystone of the restored Gospel is the fact that God the Father and he said unto him the third time, lovest thou

His Son, Jesus Christ, appeared in person to Joseph Smith and in me? And he said unto him, Lord thou

subsequent years, through him, restored to the earth the Gospel of Jesus knowest all things; thou knowest that I

Christ, and organized again on the earth His Church; that Brigham Young, love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my

F. Smith, Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo and sheep."Snow, John Taylor, Joseph properly the of great duties perform To successors, his true succeeded have been Heber have and lawful J. Grant requires: of the authority the Teacher ward

to the keys mentioned in the quotation above, and have been appointed Priesthood; a knowledge of the Gospel; a

to lead and guide His people in all the world. love for the work, and a determination to

In times like these that knowledge should bring great comfort to do one's duty.

members of the Church. In all the years since the Restoration never have Some Things Necessary: Among those

the people of this Church been led astray. duties, as I view the matter, are:

Whenever the counsel and advice of our leaders have been followed. To pray in secret, and with the comour faith in them has been vindicated. Now, when divine wisdom and panion appointed to labor with you.

guidance are needed as never before, the safest course for Latterday Saints To get acquainted with those assigned to to follow is to have faith in the servants of God. your watchcare.

Note: Teachers are urged to read Section 112 of the Doctrine and To visit each family at least once a month,

Covenants in preparing to present this message. carryingsuch furtherthe monthlyadvice, exhortation,message, andcounsel,giving

and comfort as the spirit shall give you utterance.

A NEW YEAR'S VIEW that there is no iniquity in the Church, trouble,Be whereor deathmost neededamong inyourcaselittleof sickness,flock.

other, neither hardness with each is reIf assistance nature of a temporalOF WARD TEACHING neitherlying, backbiting, evil speaking; nor and quired, fully the and report make requisition

Tt is, probably, still early enough in see that the Church meet together often and circumstances calling for it.

all see that members do their duty."- at the Attendance meetings of monthly to suggest some also Year the New

20. Cov., and Doc. to teachers ascertain ward is wanted what consideration for thethoughts of ward

I the unto is this give the bishopric Again Lord says, under "And by work whom unique, important, that andteachers, that done, teach one report as shall a commandment, you and such be to makeinvaluable corps of workers who for. the the of doctrine teach called do anotheryou kingdom;

more than they realize to maintain the ye diligently and my grace shall attend To get imbued with the message to the stability and growth of the Church. you, that you may be instructed more perward, the topic for the month, and study

There is no more important, helpful, fectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the scriptures, to be able to properly carry it. all that gospel, in of things the the teach law and all in fruitful thenecessary, and work

full that pertain the are unto of written and God, report kingdom prompt of Make teaching. other than wardChurch No for activities expedient failures. your and you to understand."-—Doc. in satisfaction, returnsassignment more 78. Cov., 88:77, and in the Continued be (To "Era") March

real understanding, anddevelopment, joy to those who engage in it in the proper spirit and determination to fully obligations involved. thedischarge THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Felt, leader in a B. longElder Charles [Concluded from page 98)

successful a organizations andChurch teacher and supervisor of teachers, NEW RELIEF SOCIETY LIFE MAGAZINE FEATURES wrote the following suggestions for EDITOR APPOINTED L. D. S. CHURCH

are especially teaching.ward They

of all "Delle Smith Spafford has been ap- ["ife of December 31 carried a feature consideration to thecommended ward and branch teachers throughout pointed by the Relief Society presispread of pictures of the First Presthe Church: dency and approved by the First Presiidency of the Church, the Quorum of

dency to act as editor of the Relief the Twelve, some temple pictures, and

The Word of the Lord: The Lord has Society Magazine, succeeding Mary some pictures of the Churchwide Sedecreed that His people shall be brought to Connelly Kimball whose death occurity plan,

a unity of the faith, has restored the Priestcurred recently. Mrs. Spafford has

to as the instructions given andhood many >—:>. Society the Relief of s—s. been a member

others Priesthood; thatexercise of among

f years. for the three past General Board

it teach, "shall J preach, that those holding in school both taught formerly She.. a the exhort, house and visitexpound, > XXa

in Provo. and City Salt Lake to the people exhort and. member, of each Q

pray vocally and in secret, and attend to all She is the wife of Willis E. Spaffamily duties; and strengthen them, and see ford and the mother of two children.

CHURCH BOARD OF EDUCATION EDITING COMMITTEE

CALLIS CHARLES A. GRANT HEBER

S. HARRIS WILLIAM E. BERRETT, CLARK, JR. FRANKLIN J. REUBENJ.

Chairman. WINTER, O. ARTHUR McKAY DAVID

Secy, and Ttcas. CLAWSON F. RUDGER LARSEN, VERNON SMITH FIELDING JOSEPH D. BRYSON EUGENE L. WEST, L. FRANKLIN RICHARDS STEPHEN

R. Commissioner MERRILL of Education. HARRISON R. LYMAN RICHARD

A. WIDTSOE JOHN T. EDGAR LYON

F. MERRILL M. LYNN BENNION. JOSEPH

Seminary Supervisor. S. BENNION ADAM

THEcreatedpreachingdispleasureof repentanceon the parthas of many people. An attempt to

answer "why"would lead us away from the main purpose designed in this discussion. Erroneous conRepentance

ceptions arise in the minds of men and discourage the use of the principles of progress. Those who have been de- a, (pMnjdpLi o@,

feated by misguided conduct have an uncomfortable shudder come over them as they hear the word "repent."They

shrink in bewilderment at the gruesome picture of a dissipated life. Inspirationdoes not come from gazing down upon PROGRESS

the dark shadows of wasted opporhimself."resolved: to "he came Hetunities. of repentance preaching If the

father."arise will A. WEST "I and He go to my that only which a ROYbrings back to view

that lonely back road which led George L. D. S. walked is strugglingperson may Director, St. to forget—it Institute It must home. love and to a father's splendid purposedefeat the for which

it was designed in the eternal plan of have been a painful task to acknowlprogression. servants of my father's have bread edge to himself that the road of "freeenough and to spare, and I perish with dom"had led to disappointment and

Recognition of a New Life hunger."He had become dissatisfied failure. But one of the essential steps

principle of repentance the in applying his desired physical poverty with and is principle of prog- a efforts. is perone's This organize to father's house. the of comforts a At is It ress. of recognition a a way"Oepentance life's into activities to a evolve mits least there that convinced was he was life. enterto a conception a Such new found systematic purpose. newly The desire for him. better something The life in. live recreates theof world we failures the to obscure objective tends blessings, enjoyed, to to return once fail past the of to grim shadowsThe the only the emphasize past of and new life's redirecting of process a became living the of hopesdarken a more in individual attainments. moves The direction. activities in right the life."livobjective of "abundant The eternal values. direction of the to returning of phystask home The turnsing sunrise of the opportoward

ical climbcomforts than be easier maytunities. have been lulled Those who Social Application attainment of the a spiritual toward will arise inactivityinto inspired with ing

renewed faith in a nobler aim of life. life. Men may struggle through the 'T'he impression is often given that

fail to of heat but for food the day the achieve individual each may of repentance becomes The principle sufficient richer effort exert for the ideals. highest But there be many may life's force in redirecting ac-a positive

desire to create experiences. a To ordering personal the outside obstaclestivities. aspect negative becomes The

atspiritual for sincerely labor as the progression. that hinder things of Man the ofsubmerged renewed hope by

is sign of progression. tainments Re- a life, desire to recognize a a new may is ideals.realizing vitalized Life new

is to leads the pentance which way his in course attain, even change and principle leads a fundamental whichby realities. eternal life unfriendly then discover an and horizon.to of enlarged range an The

isperception extended and reveals new Repentance, a Changed Course welcomeple. Jesusin revealsthe societya livingof "good"story whenpeolife. enrichexperiences which Oany decry the idea of change. But He pulls the curtain aside and we gaze

Desire to Attain LVA repentance implies that we change upon the "elder son"coming in from the activities. It field. require outside the house our course of stopped may He

reorganization of the dancthe'T'he recognition of all these splendid a music and complete "he heard direcwhen attainments becomes fruitless untion in which we are traveling. This ing."One of the servants was hurless there is a propelling desire to attain process will require time and consistent riedly called and "asked what these

them. The vision soon fades into effort in reshaping our personal and things meant."And he was informed,

oblivion without a conviction that it social habits. The endeavor may be "Thy brother is come; and thy father

may be achieved. rather discouraging at times for old hath killed the fatted calf, because he

The process of creating within men friendships may of necessity have to hath received him safe and sound."

desirethe blessings the rich to obtain this In broken. broththe elder event there be are startled with will We

It is task.of life is often a difficult loneliness. of hours angry, for and come er's attitude Walking "he was

worthy of the noblest efforts of those alone becomes a courageous task for would not go in."The scene suddenly

insight into the divinewho possess forreceived been have with love the and see those who changes and we living.purpose of human in their pleasure group. But to out as father and he of a the giveness went

Jesus reveals a story of a young man recreated individual that becomes a "entreated him"to come in. But "He

who "came to himself"while herding sign of victory. answering, said to his father, lo, these

swine. "He said, how many hired The young man made his plans after {Concluded on page 118)

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M. I. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY.STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON Q. MORRIS GEORGE

WILLIAMS HELEN JOSEPH CANNON Offices A. General Y. M. I. W. K. W.S. GODDARD VERNA BURTON J.FARNSWORTH BUILDING

A. BEESLEY. A. CLARISSA KIRKHAM. OSCAR CITY, LAKE UTAH SALT33 BISHOP'S Secretary Executive Executive to Direct General Offices to Committees Secretary Send all Correspondence

11. Develops courage and selfconfidence. make an announcement of the Tuesday

Activity in Mutual destroys fear and is a evening meetings. (3)—We aim to place

sure cure for an inferiority complex. the official organ of the M. I. A., the Era,

and of in our members the ward homes personality. per12. Develops A good

into study the read and the people urge asset business is a good in New this in magwholesome found formation are so are ThereFIFTEEN ADVANTAGES IN sonalityYork. many people who

first let to apazine. our aim in city the in raised lacking personality so (4)—We IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL

or neighbor to a friend we proach whom traits personalities at that are a goodTRAINING street abdut the something be on premium. the comes York Stake"Prom New that hear sure and as—"Be characteristics of develop 13. Helps you meetMutual,—such Ira report, submitted this """following by in the assembly program play oneact It is leadership. to essential training have

J. Markham: in accepting responsibility and developing evening;""Don't miss that musical treat toIn New York City and vicinity we are initiative. "Be anxiously engaged in a night in Mutual;"or "I believe you're goversion of the Nephite ing to hear a new comwell-organized and withcompeting is a slothful good servant who work—he

etc. tonight,"class in the It Adult barges activities. recreationalmercialized to in all things."is has be commanded

friend with someyour address not the in build to try thatessential up Why we 14. to increase Helps income your and

"fine of instead to pertaining thing Mutual that Mutual of our membersconsciousness the promotions ability developing win by like isn't it?""looks today, "cloudy it day,"will that training is andtraining valuable to people. handle Rockefeller once D. John this for comin'"hot up,"a storm individual the help personality anddevelop "I said, will ability for the to more pay

etc. to the year,"time of aim efficient more progress become andmake (5)—Weweather for people other handle ability than any lighted, building church our have world. thein business the sun."under

officers clean, time.""on and of fifteen advantages Muare Following ventilated,(6)—Our 15. the physical, Develops mental and to extend and teachers a welcome and aim that training Associationtual Improvement

spiritual in nature the of proper proman all. to feeling fellowship of a publicity and in stressed ourcould be (7)—Our portions to thus tends and a broader make sincere are teachers are and humble andadvertising campaign.

well individual. a balanced and their to the teach give prepared Gospel feet. and 1. your to think on Trains youBusiness executives are required to speak Let us all cooperate to make our Mutuals class members an urge to carry on. (8)—

extemporaneously at business conferences, as interesting and beneficial as any Mutual And last but not least is the method,—let

clubs, organizations, and at socials and Improvement Association in the world. those to whom M. I. A. has been sold sell

dinners. Let us make our programs more valuable it to others. Archie Brockbank, Palmyra

2. Trains you to become an executive. than any offered by any commercialized Stake.

activities us Let surround our to gravitate him organization. naturallyResponsibilities

will friendly cheerful smile and word A with such inducements of a nawholesome is training executive prepared. Thewho of will hold help gladly people a group who ture that will decide our they members canactivities the direct in to helpingreceived

carry "Let's slogan Mutual."on the Go To afford to single not miss meeting. a trainare valuable organizationof a Mutual

friendship. Get with membership your Keep responsibilities. for businessing

it activity.- classwork with good and polish 3. poise. obtain Increases "LET'S You MUTUAL"GO TO Stake. Sacramento in with often poise meeting personaland

last fall in all conventions held Tn our in activities. partpeople and taking is really inintensely The officer who

friends. art of making The this stakes the 4. Wins slogan of the Church satisfied terested unless is never he brings

is business. infriends valuable your Muit spirit the keynote; the of perwas into fold feel that the the doesn't one who

the intual with places companionship you all desire the difficulty to come, session. he of the and more followvaded The

city. in to the getbest elements know You the feels encounters, joy he he more when extracts ing are of from the a few many pleasant right of a peoplethe kind under his task. has accomplished excellent addresses stake by made and environment. developand wholesome You sisters reof our at our Hawaiian One this officers theme. on ward lifetime. last will thatfriendships a cent the conference farreaching showed

5. physically. Develops gymyou The I. effects of the work. A. She gave M. all familiar are the of story with You

facilities offered of the to ournasium men for credit her the to conversion Mutual tried to Ralph perEmerson Waldo who cost of $33.00 aMutual would minimum sister to invited to her Church. go calf to a suade enter the A barn. wayward at at theper or Y. year A. $75.00 C. M. her. Mutual the with to responded She its placed a rope around pulled neck and He athletic clubs. activof the Physicalany after invitation deliberation. She some his while behind. son from pushed Theities to to are health maintain necessary due the impressed that so with was done calf, work its It ideas however, of had own. offices here.the in of type do work we again. she again time and each went its stiffened And legs to refused and budge.

6. of English Enriches your command the her to appealed more. After work two the kitchen from maid the The analyzedand improves your Extempomemory. years baptized a she of was our member situation the strategy and with of a matoraneous notes reference without speeches "I to the Church. song The See finger, ternal Want the calf to induced follow

class in discussions part taking acand Rising High,"Temple had Towers With obediently inside.

this.complishes inspired her longing to see the with a special to need influence inducements We 7. read and worthwhile books more You visit this desire Utah. and Temple And our people, young our and middleaged discussedhear people them views whose by visit satisfied to her Conferon was June old to and to people go Mutual. Parents authoritativeare worthwhile. and ence.- Mills, Stake. Summit Martha officers push, the can the of Mutual can 8. entertaining a conmore become You pull, is unless but there special insome

isversationalist. in valuable business This

'assembly under capable programs The the will ducement, majority not go. Ira in relationships also social outside ofand leadership increased the have membership Stake. Markham, York J. NewChurch. in the wards. Stake. Teton

9. Inspires ideas. methods build with Gives our which you The by new we memyou the opportunity to learn and discuss bership and which are used to keep our It is important in the growth of the enmodern religious, ethical, social, and inattendance as high as it is are: (1)—Anyrollment of members that the place of

dustrial problems of the day. thing of an extraordinary nature which we worship and recreation be pleasant. Every10. Develops your latent powers. Proare going to have in our Tuesday evening one enjoys a lovely place to work or play

fessor William lames declares that the meeting or in our Sunday evening conjoint, because the spirit of the occasion is rich average man develops only 10% of his we advertise in the local paper. (2)—In and enhances the desire to glean the most

latent mental powers. Sunday School and Sacrament meetings we from the meeting. Unsigned.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

The Stake Boards visited every ward in the stake before classwork started with a program to stimulate interest and to advertise the year's work. Later on, they

gave special recognition to the wards having the highest attendance during the months when attendance generally falls down.

Unsigned.

The best leadership of the ward should be made available to M. I. A. In every

department with a real live leader, we find growth, development, education. Idaho

Falls Stake.

People like to be made to feel that they are important, that there is a place for them, that they are needed, and that someone knows and cares about them. In fact,

they like to feel that they are alive and that their fires are burning. Alpine Stake.

SJudcUtisiiu MY METHOD OF GETTING THE WARD HISTORICAL SKETCHES COMPLETED '"Palk given by Harriet J. Kalmar,

. Stake Secretary, Wells Stake, in

the Secretaries'Department, June Conference, 1937.

None are so important as secretaries.

From the beginning of time until now records have been kept. In the Nativity

of Christ—Mary and Joseph traveled from

Nazareth to Bethlehem because it was the census headquarters or the quarters for record keeping. The Book of Mormon is

just one mass of records and particularly historical records. The history of our

Church reads just like a romance. It is our

duty to help continue those records.

Secretarial work is most interesting. We

take the minutes of meetings; we may offer

valuable suggestions; we must remember

everything—dates, important memos; we

must be attentive and observing; we may

remind the president of this matter and that one; we must do the small courtesies

demanded in a happy, cheerful manner.

Sometimes we may think we have a great deal to do, but that is our work—record

keeping, records of all kinds.

If you cannot attend every meeting or social and get the information yourself, ask the person in charge of that particular social to write it up for you. He will be

gladWetoalldolikethis.a little praise and encouragement, and if given in the right spirit, it will

go a long ways. If you set a definite time

for reports or records to be completed, and anyone fails, get in touch with him. THE SOUTHERN STATES MISSION

Records must be neat, tidy, accurate, inACTIVITIES ARE MANY AND

AS EVIDENCED BYteresting, THESE wellwritten. of and us VARIED Some PICTURES: FIRST THE THREE atare gifted writing. Others only can WERE AT THE PIONEER DAY

facts.write the events in the Write most CELEBRATION.

interesting and systematic manner. You 1. MASTER OF CEREMONIES, J.

W. MARCHANT, DELIVERING itpossibly in also that write a can manner

THE ADDRESS.will philosophical have a of explanation REAL PIONEERS.

the events writing are which about. you 3. 2. THREE PIONEER MAIDENS OF

I secretaries in asked the THE SOUTH. beginning my

4. BOY SCOUTS AT AT CAMP THE theof their to records, Mutual keep Year

CATAWBA INDIAN RESERVAroll, minutes, historical recreational and TION CAROSOUTH IN WEST records date. at up to the LINA. end of Then

5. FIRST I BASKETBALLthe year CHAMthe gather would books up and

PIONS FROM THE SOUTHERN thisgrade them. Possibly rather sound may MISSION, STATES FROM GREENitchildish to you. But worked, one for not VILLE, CAROLINA. SOUTH

secretary failed me, and furthermore I have some very good books. have gone. Being a very new stake we In order to get the secretaries out to

In my own book I have developed a only have had two presidents to date. Union Meetings for their instructions we

Personality Section which is incorporated The writeups also have a picture of the have had book reviews, we have studied with my Historical Sketches. This Perpresident, making it a most interesting secjournalism, we have had lectures on our

sonality Section is devoted to writeups of tion to read now, and will be more so in particular secretarial and record keeping the lives of our presidents as far as we years to come. (Continued on page 114)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

{Continued from page 113) and giving special features of timely inment is somewhat exaggerated and work. We find that when everyone comes terest in this manner. represents a very extreme case, there

there is a better spirit of cooperation and All activity being carried out has been is much truth in the statement that themselves. class suggested members by will.good joint activities should be which many

all them. find can Avoid counSorensen, manual We Gladys Miss Girls are put the Gleaner ones with far this so stake I. of A. Y. M. The alibis.W. presiNielsen, selor, Violet and Miss entirely them. almost These over by in the Church record the holds know,as we write: I. A., of Y. dent M. W. activities: joint Gleaner and Men all of in M Sketches Historical the havingof

the in Senior Department suggested ball, As programs, youth and Girl banquet date. to stake the upthe and wards

of the November Improvement Era, we conjoint Sunday programs, and the brief Senior report are submitting a on the of the Third of Department Ward Cache classtivities,workandTuesdaythe readingnight, summercourse, areacStake.

the give and both to designed Men the M progress of justly are proud We opporGirls the the maximum Gleaner class, of this accomplishments which and chairmen; Brockbank, Hazel and Daines L. L.Dr. this together. In to tunity is way work the in stake. the best the of Under one Polly R. Hansen, H. Dr.<George Merrill,H. R. only leadership friendship of Brother can able D. P. which Woodland wholesome Wetiel. Vella H.Hardy,

the his wife, Blanche Woodland, and H. social intimate and such through come rethe to two have happy are fine the class missteadily grows, through developed. will religious contacts beWE perhope are doing sionary follow. they which by work ports which We is activity scheduled, coman When should contacting those sonally be as who receive more to many going arewe should organization each mittees from class. in the enrolled the at action into round Seniorsthe the of in well advance appointed be interest in great shows member Every Year. this ofbeginning New its production. for The date Men Is text the Progress. High The The Road M Committee, Senior as a hope, all We and the of is heavy text that the the declares should leader assume most take entirely will not reviewsthat book that interesting lifting, gathoutstanding has climbing, one and he tasks, strenuous

the place of the reading of the books ever had the privilege to teach. ering of properties, and contribute to

of reading the of The especially is to It class anticipated the one haveand by artistic cultural, intellectual, and the feel that every month. of given each review Religion. book OneReturn To We needed. talents are his effects whenever given. these already has the been Sunbenefited One will by be class member responsibiliIn committee assuming after the regular evening Sacrament day detail. in Some that book of reading of wholeheartedly giving in ties and all in class the the meeting ward, memgiven well be could books other theof successful the comfor effort time and enrolled should those bers be and who reviews. of the in form not activity, invited an the to hospitable pletion of were an Man Woodland M direading has any the way, By the his splendid review a in Here on home. fine book development realizes a only ideas on good any up thought rector given Religion Return a was by The To his abilities; but personality and own the of reading the encourage class to refreshments Light member. werehow eyes in the is enhanced greatly worth like have to felt served. that the should If so, Everyone had Sunday we books? he ladies with these of whom young

it that greatly ending conhad a good andthem. feeling and of joy is laboring. The socializing the tributed of the to group. The symposithe enter upon classes As to one comes that satisfaction always is class being read members. book by now to hear glad shall be lectures, weum done or having achieved having from socialized Seniors a Pasadena The those inaugurated by activity of any its bring own worthwhile something bit hunt. treasure of a means by suggested out any carry to charge in reward. class the of Senior Pasadena The builders the are Seniors projects. The all, is, the above age Man The enunusual held and an Mutual M shall Ward be therefore, we and, Zion of galpracticing and developing for age in tertaining party outdoor November, activitheir building of learn to glad said: writer has prominent lantry. One writes: secretary, Williams, Venice beautificaculture, of fields in ties the

to (the sure road to the of playing Gallantry women party commenced by The James, education. spiritualization, tion,

the is appearance but nothing of tennis table their winners favor) and horseshoe—the Saints the to lett a ago, wrote long all their and to the points wants wintoward devotion each of making extreme game that fact the emphasized in he which satisfaction, their for the and in the best best conprize of ning delight wishes, a

is dead. works faith without;:..,. to testant. able as being in yourself confidence a

In reports. the to two indifferit. slightest treasure enjoyed. now hunt Next, And a was toward contribute The Two

them you will find activity. couples were given the same numbers and ence with regard to them, or distrust of

Rosalind Hale, Phoenix Second each number designated a car. When all yourself is equally fatal.

four, into separated they of groups were writes: leader, activity Senior let's gallant, let's be fair,Ward be Men, insealed envelopes given and were were

well. let's job major trek do our was our Canyon AV Grand startto the structed drive blocks from two

carfor October. activity Two outside try ing point, the envelope then open and

loads left Phoenix noon Saturday, arrived to find the clue for the next stop in the at South riirfin time to attend evening lecsearch for the treasure. After finally figursteak enjoyed formation, ture on the.cyon VmfwiA

service sunrise supper, had 'impressive on ingand rushingthe hiddento themeaningspot, theyin theweremessagegiven the rim; then Mr. Mauritson, Senior another letter of instructions more compliKatie C. Jensen, chairman; Freda Jensen, Grace

of pictures Larson. Helena Stewart, moving colored W. took teacher, first. this cated the than deNixon was When

trip by made way was Return group. the still the location found, ciphered and anleaders, kindly Gleaner you, Thank canyon. Creek of Oak other instructions of envelope given was This reports. questions for and your preof part as later run films were The until finally the at startparties arrived the a the has.Era become of department a with along program liminary Mutual rolls ing point wienies and where were

it is place the delightful because trip. one of our report toasted served with marshmallows, along

On December 4, sixteen members of our the wienies and marshmallows being toastwhere one Gleaner leader talks with class enjoyed horseback riding in the South ed over a bonfire. another. The reports coming from all

pictures were Motion Park. Mountain groups Gleaner the over Church from

the off picnic topped desert taken and a interesting pubwant to are so that we evening. will all not perbut of space them to lish Mauritson of Mr. It is the desire

shall give mit. to time from So time we activity all Senior of record a film keep

of that field those to of seem the some film to complete a to this make year and

S. chairman; Dr. Franklin Frank McGhie, W. interest. following general season. of the most The close at the be shown Harris, Floyed G. Eyre, Homer

are: moonlight help contemplated should stake report from Utah Trips Hales. Kiepe, B. Dr. now Werner C. WayneWarner,

hike into the Superstition Mountains, and materially with the Camaraderie cere- a threeday trek to Carlsbad Caverns in COOPERATION mony, since we have many inquiries

I. spring. stake the conven- A. a recent M. At it: concerning

after Sun- * at twice homes met have Girl We tion goodnatured- Gleaner a Leader Gleaner of Stake Program Utah informals these service. At evening day last did said, year ly "The Men in Institute 1937, 21, held Provo October M reviewed was Religion the Return To book their for putting us over thank not even chapel. First Gleaner Stake Sharon Ward Hygiene."'Mental given lecture on a and

atofficers this statefor Y. A. Leaders and them."M. L While program W. books reviewing to many on plan go We

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

tended as guests. Mary Hafen, Utah Stake in many of our wards, especially on opinion that the "Flying Squadron"

Gleaner Leader, was in charge. Anthem, the first Tuesday night of each month. movement was one of the most helpful

quartet. Psalm,Twentyfourth mixed by a is leaders class interest credit plans motivating in the of our due Much

Prayer. solo. Violin Talk, Meaning "The this since the supervision of adoption Scouting for the wise naand encourtheof in Camaraderie ConnecCeremony

ofin to given 1913. agement tional program MenGleaner Church by the Mtion of Gleaner Story Work."With The

Ruth, "The Gleaner."ficers. May you continue to give youth Following up the visits of the squadFollowing the story of Ruth lovely string its share of leadership responsibility, ron, reports on the conditions in Scoutmusic was played during which the girls thereby living up to one of the most ing in the various stakes have been

were escorted one by one into a room preimportant objectives of this departrequested from Scout executives and pared for the Camaraderie and taken ment. special survey reports are now being

following thethrough ceremony: this all the inventory not requested stake superintendfrom Why

is girl to presented Gleaner The Asleaders? the will reports MenGleaner of be month as the used ents. These makeMsistant officer Stake Leader Gleaner by an

it profitable this is quite year, field of basis extensive time supervision of any At girl calls the name.who by

Gleaner Leader: "(Gleaner's name), do to take inventory of one's self and one's program to cover the entire Church,

you desire to become a Gleaner Girl and work. In order to get a true picture of which is expected to strengthen the

accept the Gleaner Sheaf as your code of one's progress as a leader—it might be program and still further increase the

living?"very helpful to take ten minutes, a excellent result secured through ScoutGleaner: "I do."pencil and paper, and answer as acing in past years.

this Leader: perfect Gleaner take "Then possible the following curately as quesof the "Flying Squadron"work The

life the of as a perfectwheat symbol you the along others tions, or the same line of beginning a longterm was mowill fields glean the four from spread before you in this Mutual work."(Four little Has the membership of the class intivation and supervision plan which

sheaves of perfect wheat.) creased materially since October? Have will reach its climax at the Silver JuGleaner accepts the four sheaves premost of the members taken part in disbilee of Scouting in the L. D. S.

sented and takes place in the circle surcussions or assignments? How many Church at our coming June Conference.

rounding the table. young people of this age in the ward At that time, at least for a part of the

all girls Gleaner have been When I. in are enrolled the A.? conference, will take Scouting the cen- M. How

into thebrought the room, stake Gleaner I personally of have conter them of the stage many with Explorer Scouting

I. the givesLeader A. "M. with Theme,"Gleaner tacted? the its and celebrating tenth anniversary. Do M Menviolin as music a background.

Gleaners then repeat the "Gleaner officers share equally the responsibility Several new features of the ExplorSheaf"in unison. of the first Tuesday night of each er program will be given prominence

Then Gleaners all lay grain in a large month? Are plans and arrangements during the conference and jubilee.

bundle on the table, and as the Gleaner being made for the very best M MenPlans have already taken definite form

Leader she binds it with green ribbon and Gleaner banquet ever held? Are we and will be fully developed in ample

says: using as many of our young people time.

the treasure of "From which each you as possible committees? on for What the championships Vanball eninhas gleaning garnered your bind we attitude of the people a the young tire region intermountain are held being allgreater sheaf of for beauty see who liquor and tobacco? this toward ward issue as press. of the to inHowmyis Era goes thatour glorify they works good may

God."many times have we gone to SacraFull details will appear in the March

Girls join hands and sing the following ment meeting in a group? What are number. For the first time, the chamGleaner Song written for the occasion by the activities we have enjoyed most pionships are being conducted on an

Miss Anna Smoot: as a group of M MenGleaners? Have interregional basis by the Scout counTune (O Sole Mio) I made the young people feel responcils of regions eleven and twelve with

Each hour of girlhood in the fields we nesssible offoreachthe other?developmentHow manyand happiof the theSixteenGeneralteamsBoardare competing,cooperating.includgather

The sheaves of wheat there left by the group have read the reading course ing the Snake River Area Council repreaper. books? Am I moderately happy over resentatives which are entering the

As Ruth did garner up her season's gleanmy contribution as a leader? Where tournament for the first time.

I strengthen to shall endeavor my socials, of ExplorerJunior many bind with truth our sheaves all goldWe ing, on? leadership from now social events outstanding in the them

gleaming. and will the leader cause questions Such various communities, held during were

Chorus seriously. his position to So consider season. the holiday are Others schedin our gleaning eachAnd coming day the year of active season very the of uled between and end now sunshine, us reapLet pray. God, we Oh lives in of the this time important socials, the idea of March. While in—inthis in Serene mind and spirit Keep us alway! our young people—let us pause and parties, and dances for young people

Keep us alway! take inventory with a fervent prayer of these ages (1516) is comparatively

Closing prayer. in our hearts, a willingness of spirit, new in the M. I. A., careful surveys

(Girls wear prettiest dresses. Flowers and a determination to perform the have indicated their need and desirand music add a colorful atmosphere.) tasks just a little better than ever beability. The 193839 program of the

This ceremony would be fitting for fore. Our pay check in the service of M. I. A. will include more definite

the April Camaraderie night when God is written in such words as these: suggestions and recommendations than

more Gleaners will have made applicaIn this life we are but brothers; in the past.

tion for pins, and the three gleaning None goes his way alone.

to lives of others the that All we give periods of October, January, April and into our own. back Comes will all surely in gathered the of have Anon. w Mfjmiou girls If in the ward. has obany ward

tained 100 per cent membership and Marba C. Josephson, chairman; Lucile T. Buehner,

is ready to bind the Ward Sheaf, Emily H. Bennett.

please notify the Gleaner Committee.

Good luck and happiness in your Junior Committee Members work. John D. Giles, chairman; M. Elmer Christensen. We should like to introduce you to

Your Gleaner Committee. the new members of the Junior Comof reports /hurchwide results of mittee: Lucile T. Buehner and Emily

"Flying Squadron"Sister V- 1 the visits of the wellis a Buehner H. Bennett.

of Scout leaders to the central areas known dancing leader as well as being of the Church in October and No- a successful mother. Right now she is

vember indicate renewed interest and engaged in writing suggestions which

Tt has been most delightful to see the activity in all phases of Scouting. will prove of very great benefit for the

A fine leadership of the young people Leading officials have expressed the {Continued on page 116).:..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

(Continued from page 115) verses, memorized thoroughly by Beeshivers chased themselves up and joint ExplorerJunior activities of next Keepers and girls.) down my back as his voice came in year. Prayer—BeeHive girl. through the magic of the ether

the of author the Bennett, Gatherer's Song''Sister Song—"Honey (3 I waves. sat with back and relaxed is an Light, verses, well Your prepared). and You Manual feeling closed, that a pride my eyes having gifted of woman, or Y. exceptionally Words Welcome—Bishop told. cannot be also and agent president. as I. A. an advertising served M. W.

being an especially capable mother. Talk or demonstration—Filling a cell Neither of us spoke during the

She has the added recommendation which I have enjoyed, which has been program, but when it was over I that she is the daughter of Emily H. of great value to me—BeeHive girl. roused myself and asked "Old Higgs whom most of you know and Song—-"BeeHive Joys."Brooms"how he liked it. There was love. Choral Reading—Builder's Purpose no reply.

will prove ( young ); women Builders Guardian's two These Resolve course, in of reSo Don, came department ) in the Junior help great of ( Guardians to sponse wire. at the sang my He they as to you glad meet will offers be and BeeHive young Talk—"What'services, tears streaming with sang work. 'Board ) their General girlhood. on carry ( BeeKeeper

I could hardly see ExplorerJunior Activities Candle Lighting Ceremony—The down his face.

myself. anything Spirit the Hive. stakes comGrant and Cottonwood afterward about I told him And Song—"Twilightof Shadows"(Mem22, of December evening the on bined

. "fictitious Brooms'brother orized) "Old Explorer- a delightful to have 1937, Junior social. The big hall of the Grant Bugle Call—Womanho—Girls reply how the thrifty old fellow had drawn

Stake Tabernacle was crowded with by singing Womanho. his savings out of the bank, gone toyoung people who enjoyed the music, Song or Bugle—"Taps". a neighboring town, purchased a

dancing, and program which were ofPrayer. moneyorder, and mailed it to himused. All or iVo notes be books must stakes Liberty and Angeles fered. Los letter self with to written a he had talks be songs must memorized and past the two during success hadhave himself. course, of That's why, he any. notes with very if brief acgiven of this kind in conductingyears letter read in his to the had Don meeting. onehour a recommend We tivity.

broken it English, rather than let Don foreign items not spoil by having those Do to hear of shall be happy We it himself. read its message. detract to from BeeHive or to either ward hold of others you who

stake joint activities. If you will send Confer with the Bishop and Y. W. Don was silent a long time. Then

these reports in to the general offices, M. I. A. President. he said simply: "But I think he's

we shall be glad to compile them as See The Improvement Era for April, happy."

a guide to our recommendations for 1937, pp. 251252. And now you know why Don

years.following signoff Norris that uses always ACTIVITIES

redefinite no had have yet As we last his just after phrase song all on the to three teach BeeURGE \T7e in accomplished is being ofports what ""air. the over each program folk "Gooddances. Hive (The Hunthese activities tor jointthe drama

Grief night, garian Listen for Dance, Seven Franz."Jumps, it next The eager groups find the yougroups. Do

Spirit the of Hive Dance.) and The time. for Listen softly those spoken, activity? this in togetherto work

little their will to costuming add A reverently spoken are They I Forget Story, LestMy charm. his tribute to "Old the words.Brooms"—Franz. delighted with naturally are is serito think time the very This We

response to the project of My Story ously about tests and the completing during this past season. You leaders of the BeeHive activities. See The Anniversary Dinner

have taken hold of the work with so Improvement Era for March, 1937, pp. (Concluded from page 81)

reorder to that interest had wemuch 180181. out, instead of to being dragged at available arecovers. now These you, again with plead year This we like parties fellows. of the some Bishop's Office, 34 Boardthe General desert to Beenot your BeeKeepers, it I all different! planned so We'd those for City, Salt in LakeBuilding girls during the months. summer Hive for that the best you; wanted made them. haven'tof who you in contact Please a once them week

it harder."

it planning careful activity. some By will not be a burden. The girls will "So long as we have each other—

enjoy summer activities and you will "If anyone had told me when we have no trouble with their attendance married that I could love you more

Ethel S. Anderson, chairman; Margaret N. Wells, in the fall. If you are going on a but I do. It goes deeper, somehow.

Bertha K. Tingey, Ileen Ann Waspe, Lucy T. vacation, get someone now to help you, Oh, gosh! A fellow can't explainAndersen.

MARCH CONJOINT M. I. A. thatHivesheactivitiesmay becomeand befamiliarable towithcarryBeeon these"I understand,"things."Elsie said.MEETING for you. fixed been eyes had bubon Her to night has conjoint are been given forTHhis Suggestions Summer work bles, childishly blind their imto

in the for 1936—Department * your BeeHive 1937—May, Eras—March,

time, the All permanence. Steve activ1937. presenting of BeeHivepurpose May,

ities to the membership of your wards. Swarm day Suggestions—Era, and she had been handling the

planning are and working hope youWe March, 1937.. i.—,—andthreadsbrighttinted,of life, softtogetherand harsh,weavingdark that it carefully detailsthe very out

may be attractive, instructive, enterthem into durable beauty. She was

taining, and enjoyable in every feature. Old Brooms no longer Steve's pampered bride.

opportunity; page (Concluded 91) golden from make theIt is your wife! She was his helpmate—his

of it. BeeKeepers and BeeHivemost to Later, out for a carried dishes they into the at once go and wanted

girls should be in uniform (wearing the doctor, but he persuaded me to wait kitchen, before setting out.

band) until after broadcast. Steve bad,"said, nodding Don's That "Too suggestions are a few The sink. of dessert or less the program toward more "That was at the of weekly head Two followingBuglers—one I us, ritual stayed. topnotch."looked so with a Call the aisle givingeach Womanho

girls march to the stand, some up each Don never had been in better Elsie slipped her hand into his.

aisle—remain standing. Song—"BeeHive Cheer Song"(2 voice.on a frostyHis night.tones wereThoseclearqueeras alittlebell something"It was good.better."But I can give you

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

BUILDING GOOD WILL IN BRITAIN {Concluded from page 88) The words seemed to have effected On the following evening, a part October. In attendance at an early-

a magical change on the officials. of the description of the game was season game between the Latterday

They immediately became interested rebroadcast from a recording over Saints and Central Y. M. C. A. were

and before "Bill"Browning had the British Broadcasting CorporaArmy officers and London County walked from their offices, he had the tion's "In Town Tonight,"which is Council School officials who are conmatch and broadcast arranged. released over the national network. sidering the adoption of the sport

As a result of that broadcast, the into the curriculums of their re- "Baseball has had to fight against B, B. C. asked for permission to spective organizations. Sir Noel

the prejudice of those who looksponsor commentaries of future CurtisBennett, honorary president ed upon it as simply another version games. The first of these was held of the National Basketball Assoof the old English game of "roundon September 17, when allstar ciation, was also present at the game

ers."Basketball is experiencing a teams from London and Birmingham and expressed the hope that basketsimilar barrier because the majority clashed in a game broadcast by Dick ball would become a main factor in

are prone to associate the mention Cartwright over the National netthe present "Fitter Britain"camof the word basketball with a school work of the B. B. C. Four Mormon paign, for which he is one of the

girl's game called "net ball."But missionaries played for the London directors.

much of this prejudice was wiped out allstars, and Elder Paul S. Howells, The London and Rochdale misin those fifteen minutes on March laboring in Birmingham, was chosen sionary teams staged a game in the

19, 1937, when they heard a breathby the National Basketball AssoRochdale Territorial Drill Hall on taking commentary by Dick Cartciation to referee the game. During October 21 before a large crowd.

wright, wellknown commentator. the broadcast, the announcer told his Proceeds of the game were donated

Let this clipping from the Birmaudience that the "big Americans"to charity. Soldiers who use the

ingham Gazette of the next day deof the London team were Latterday drill hall want the missionaries to scribe the game. It was entitled Saint missionaries. teach them the game, A Birming-

"Mormons'Basketball Victory!"In a letter addressed to the writer, ham missionary team is playing in

There was a thrilling duel before the J. A. Clay, honorary secretary and the Midlands League this winter.

Latterday Saints Basketball Club, United treasurer of the National Basketball With the Catford Saints baseball

States beat Association, Basketexpressed A. Hoylake Y. M. C. well southeast so the thanks of team known in

ball championship winners) Club (1936 by as follows: the Association backer, the Benstead, Mr. London, points to at 21 in28 an international game

the Birmingham Y. M. C. A. last night. I feel I should like to record the thanks decided that basketball was an excelfor the the very to Association your team to lent the opportunity keep name Latterday as of known Saints—better excellent basketball given display of this in on 'round. country a misthe public year the at beforeMormons—areThe the C. Y. A. March Birmingham on M.sionary campaign. the Accordingly, Camberhe leased 19th.

scarcely old a minute game The was the for season, and well Hall Baths reports received various from From first the theirbefore obtained Americans basketball Saints the Catford now it this that sources, unevent appears was<joal, over, the before half and 18 was points had been collected by that side, doubtedly the most successful one yet held team, garbed in the familiar white

Hoylake were then ten points behind. in connection with basketball, and the inand red of the baseball team, plays

certhis has has aroused which game reterest the Throughout, Americans showed its there league and games home effort while. tainly the well worth made abilities. excellent speed,markable and practically the as crowd draws same

I reports Furthermore, understand from the level then took Hoylake and drew baseballers. did the that the B. the running B. comfrom C. first half, in the the oflead second period

and points stood at 2118 in their favor, mentary was successful in every way. Basketball opened up new chanbut although they battled hard to maintain Will you therefore please convey to all nels for preaching the Gospel, bethe ofthis lead the Americans forged ahead the your team very members best sides making many new friends for sacrificeagain. for the Association thanks of the

they made in coming so great a distance the Church. Several lantern lecIt was the closing minutes, when to give this event, and for the fine sporting tures were given at the clubs where

played. spirit in which the game was played. sumwere During games Saintsthe to score behind from came

sincerely, Yours months, coached members team points,ten that the out over went A. Clay. mer J.

air, and the announcer had plenty boys'teams at various clubs to help of cause to get excited and give a The story of last year's basketball the game gain a great foothold and vivid description of the proceedings. season could have a happy ending, get the youngsters properly drilled

A crowd that jammed the Gymindeed, but, after winning three in fundamentals of the sport.

nasium to capacity saw the game. straight games to reach the finals of Now, at the beginning of a new

At one end of the hall the American the national competition, the Saints century for the Church in Great BritStars and Stripes and the British had the tables turned on them and ain, new fields are opening for the

Union Jack were draped side by they lost to Hoylake in a thrilling spreading of the Latterday work.

side. Programs, bearing the names overtime game played in the spacious Sports are affording a golden opporand numbers of the players were Liverpool Y. M. C. A. before sevtunity for missionaries to make

sold at twopence a copy and the eral hundred people. But there is friends and to preach and teach by

game was widely advertised in still the everpresent threat of "wait example as well as by word. The

Birmingham. Members of both till next year."surface has been only figuratively

teams autographed the ball used in Basketball seems headed for scratched in this new method of the game and it was displayed for greater heights during the current proselyting and presages the advent several weeks, along with pictures of season. Hoylake Y. M. C. A. repof greater things to come in the openboth teams in the window of the resented Great Britain at an intering of avenues of approach heretoSpalding store in Birmingham. national tournament in Paris during fore unopened.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

Department of Education The Articles of Faith ( Concluded from page 111) (Continued from page 71)

I thee, years neither serve domany right, to Father. comes Of Hetransgressed I at time thy any

the comMONTANA preside the over earth and human yetmandment; gavest never thou and

me a kid, that I might make merry with family when the program of themy friends: But as soon as this thy RECORDtemporal earth shall approach the

son was come, which hath devoured thy end. To this joyful association withliving with harlots, thou hast killed for HERALD our Leader, our Elder Brother, every

him the fatted calf."In contrast with \TS7hile the following editorial Latterday Saint looks earnestly

the stormswept face of a hating from the "Montana Recforward.

smilebrother, the radiant behold we earth at length 28, chapter the of ordHerald"Then of September father loving pleadinga a and with will of the eternal plan to an in all de1937, is not correct come art says:voice ever "Son, he thou

with me, and all that I have is thine. tails, it is typical of the perend. Every spirit who accepted the

It was meet that we should make sistent press comment that plan in the Great Council will have merry, and be glad: for this thy brother greets the Church Security been born to earth into a mortal

was dead, and is alive again; and was activities throughout the civbody and will have passed through

—welost, andare isalmostfound."persuadedThe curtainto askfalls ilized world: thein readinesschange calledfor thedeath.next chapterAll will beof SECURITY the prodigal?which son was MORMON in joy, of enduring the plan—one

this Doubtless same "plot"has been Perhaps no other estate, the first the spirits of religious denomiwhich repeated many times. That "elder son"nation in this country has been as clothed with the resurrected puriin the completely successful conduct enriching exoften thehas prevented fied estate, shall the of bodies second its financial as Utah's affairs have of is If he not repentance.perience of

in forever, estate, their third with (better Saints Latterday as known at gate thecareful, often stand he may also exerThis Church Mormons). in increasing power, endless works his brother's footsteps turn backand cises important an influence—both likeof righteousness, the approach life receives he before a wastedtoward directly the and indirectly—upon their ness Father. Eternal of God, father. forgivingthe of reception a its followers. economic affairs of The

Repentance requires a social applination took appreciative note when So great is the glory of that last cation. A way must be provided which the Mornlon elders counseled their estate, that no mortal man can beleads to an enlarged life. This will people against acceptance of federal hold it, "and afterward remain in

relief to kind and proceeded any of process a personal a social andbecome flesh earth."the the upon their "care for own."possibilities. richestin the obtaining of race, the These members * * * human

enter to desires a individual whoThe thus have upon, been who added living in the Because socialricher experience must Church Mormon will the earth possess their as abidauthorities fear depression new a disappointed those guardnot be by who the welfare of society. Broken stanwithin the next few years, "far more ing place. To be fit for the presence

than are the one we ecclesiastialized now of such beings, the to the serious guideposts hideousdards become finishing,"the members of Church itself earth a glorious must undergo returning to a recreatedperson who is abstained a week ago meals two from purpose in life. Great responsibility and gave the monetary equivalent transformation. It will be of the

rests upon those who erect the guidetoward construction of a regional same order of glory as of those who posts along the spiritual pathway. warehouse for storage of crops. shall live upon it.

125,- officials estimated that Church people that held has idea been The is of possible, the use earth This single000 the observed members punished. the should be break lawwho in the because of the Lord, economy meal Sunday. the producing ofTherefore, method it is living organism, a one which observe a Although Mormons suffering, of onerepentance becomes the donate fast and monthly day has ever obedient been to the law best the separation fromdisgrace, and this to the needy, saved was money it. placed upon This revealed was life. in procedure aexperiences Such in years. first special fifty fast the day

does not inspire a loftier conception of In conjunction with the fast, Church to Joseph Smith, the Prophet, in what human living may become. It members were requested to pray and noble words: "Verily I say unto

only stagnates the spring of life within. work for advancement of the security you, the earth abideth the law of a

relief to take designed program off celestial will lead filleth repentance of for it kingdom, view the A new there. rolls any Mormons now to the group the individual andboth creation, of its measure transand the services on regular Sunday At

in possibilities real thecomprehend it gresseth not the day, worshipers fast heard law—wherefore, Mormon

using a principle of progress. All the this message from Reuben Clark, shall be sanctified; yea, notwithpositive will first presiposts to have theguide first counselor signs Jr., it it shall die, standing shall be

Saints Latterday the will and inspire dency them, ofwritten which upon again, shall quickened abide the and to Mexico: ambassador former tread to high as well the asthe lowly

it is quickened, which power by the next years and "Within we few "fatted spiritualthe highway. The

in shall, the course, suffer normal a the it."inherit shall righteous fellowship We of calf"a symbol becomes serious, depression affecting more far love to do well Earth from Mother society. "dancin reorganized The a intimately greater far numbers of

ing and music"inspired toward higher people, than the one we are now whom the substances of our bodies and richer attainments. The discovery finishing. To prepare for this comcame, who shall care for them to

of these new possibilities for enriching ing disaster we must avoid debt as the day of resurrection, and who plague. Let avoid a would we reality living life in a new a become us shall place throughour abiding be

strictly live within incomes our and principle society. opens which The of eternity. out unutterable ages every head a little money. Let save is reprogress to enduring the door earth, for rightprepared the The household have on hand of every

pentance. enough food and clothing and fuel eous, who have won celestial glory,

for at least a year ahead. Do not will become like a paradise, the garspeculate."

If there is a note of pessimism in den into which our first parents that Mormon message, there also is were placed—a sinless abode of <5-"o) a note of practical selfreliance in God. It will perform functions of

the face of expected adversity. great consequence to its inhabitants,

best set forth in the words of a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

The Articles of Faith THE STORY OF OUR HYMNS revelation to Joseph Smith, the (Concluded from page 83)

Prophet. "This earth, in its sanctified and immortal state, will be made other articles. He is mentioned here soul raised up, the writer sincerely

like unto crystal and will be a Urim particularly because of his lovely believes, by the Lord, especially to and Thummim to the inhabitants musical setting to Joseph L. Townfill the niche he occupied so efficientwho dwell thereon, whereby all send's friendly and peacemaking ly; and the fine work he did is being

things pertaining to an inferior kinglines, "Kind Words are Sweet Tones carried on by a numerous and taldom, or all kingdoms of a lower of the Heart."Brother Beesley cerented posterity, even unto the fourth

order, will be manifest to those who tainly caught the spirit of the song generation.

dwell upon it, and this earth will and fitted to it a melody that has More specific details of the life of be Christ's."reached the hearts and stirred the this great man will be found in JenWith unshakable faith, knowing emotions of many Latterday Saints. son's Biographical Encyclopedia

that God is always victorious and Ebenezer Beesley was born De- (Vol 1, p. 141 ) local magazines, and

will secure the fulfillment of His cember 14, 1840, at Bicester, Oxthe Deseret News of March 24, plan, Latterday Saints look forfordshire, England. As a child he 1934.

ward, without doubt, to the coming developed great musical talent, events that will witness to the truth showing that tendency even at two William Clayson theof of message Smith, the Joseph years age. of the of meeting The the of praise is due meed warmProphet, to the presence of and also at of the Choir home Wesleyan his A of pioneer the composers Church

lastthe of the story of earth. days at parents the in the time aided delegacies for to the the musical given

velopment of the boy's natural gift. people. Among those deserving

Outward Bound At the age of six some influential mention is William Clayson, who (Concluded from page 97) ladies offered to have him trained as composed six of the music settings they are all His children, and His a choir boy at St. George's Chapel, for Joseph L. Townsend's hymns.

commission to His Apostles was and Windsor. Being their only living Like many of the early hymn writers

is to 'go forth and preach the Goschild his parents refused to part and composers, he was an Englishpel to all the world.'That is our with him. That refusal, which we man by birth, having first seen the

mission, and our joy in it will be believe was inspired, changed the light of day at Wilby, Northamptongreat indeed if through any effort whole course of the lives of that shire, England. He worked on a

of ours we can help to show these family. The parents soon after farm when only ten years of age and

children of God in the lands of the joined the Church of Jesus Christ there received an injury which rePacific the way back to their Eterof Latterday Saints. Ebenezer was sulted in lameness for life. At the

nal Home."And this lovable and baptized September 22, 1849, and same tender age he learned the first

kindly man, who has made warm emigrated to Utah in 1859. rudiments of music by practicing on

friends for the Church among the Brother Beesley, after living in a tenpenny whistle. At sixteen he

great and influential of many lands, Tooele for a short period, moved to received instruction on the flute and will surely be blessed to accomplish Salt Lake City, locating in the became an efficient performer. He

this purpose. Until now his activities Nineteenth Ward. Leading the embraced the Gospel and was baphave been confined largely to the singing in the Sunday School, retized on May 26, 1885, by Elder

American and European continents, vising and preparing music for the Mark Lindsay. In 1 859, he was orexcept for one visit to Hawaii in Juvenile Instructor, directing the dained an Elder and presided over

November of 1936. ward choir, studying the violin unthe Irchester Branch. Two years

For Elder Rufus K. Hardy this der Professors C. J. Thomas and later he was released and sailed for

journey in many respects is a trip George Careless, composing Sunday America on the packet ship Manback home. While he has never been School music, compiling song books chester, arriving in Salt Lake City

to these lands before as a General for Sunday Schools and Mutual Imin September, 1861. He settled in

Authority, he has spent nearly ten provement Associations, later directPayson where he married Susan years of his life among the Polying the production of the Latterday Moulton, his English betrothed, and nesian peoples on three missions to Saints'Psalmody, were some of his lived there the remainder of his life.

New Zealand, 1897 to 1901, 1907 busy activities until August, 1880, He studied thorough bass and harto 1910, and 1933 to 1934, during when he was appointed director of mony from the works of Dr. Lowell

the last two of which he presided the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir. Mason and others.

over the mission; and he is received For more than nine years he directed In 1877, Elders Clayson and

among these people as a father and the destinies of that great organizaTownsend became associated in the feels toward them as his children. tion. He was a member of George Payson Sunday School and there

"No visit,"he says, "or no people, Careless'Salt Lake Theatre orcollaborated, Brother Clayson comhave ever touched or thrilled the chestra and directed it in the conposing the music for his friend's hearts of the Polynesian races as ductor's absence. At the conclusion hymns, as before mentioned. These

did David O. McKay, and his comof his period with the Tabernacle have been printed in many lanpanion, Hugh J. Cannon, on the Choir, Brother Beesley taught again guages, and on account of their simoccasion of their visit to these lands at Tooele, then at Lehi, after which ple harmonies have been sung at

sixteen years ago."he returned to Salt Lake City, where home and fireside in many counAnd so these two brethren make he died March 21, 1906. tries of the world.

their way to the islands of the sea, There are nineteen of Brother William Clayson was an enthusiunder divine commission to visit Beesley's compositions in the Desastic worker in the Church, an ar- "other sheep"who, in common with eret Sunday School Songs and sixdent civic patriot, and much beloved all men, are "begotten sons and teen in Latterday Saint Hymns. by all. He passed to his reward July

daughters of God."—R, L. E. Ebenezer Beesley was a musical 28, 1887.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

BECKONING ROADS (Continued from page 77) "Why not get the little place what about the something somebody him another boy and girl were packnow?"Pete asked. said about long engagements and

ing the remains of their lunch into "You would bring that up, Pete the natural age for marrying? Must

saddle bags. Nearby six horses Holverson, just when we have we wait indefinitely? Or would you

grazed on the dried grass of the steeled ourselves."have us do like some stories we

chasm floor. "That is what we were going to read? And how do you know

fall. last can't get places fall will do on Nance want you when We are. they "Here Boy, Big Now, entirely,"promises bitterLynn's Girls comes? been have and menspeak piece."your without Then spirit of riot ness his ran through to change."knownwaiting she on, went the have "We rent words. paid be must "Even girl his to the Pete turned eyessnickiest all plan. are going We I until after won't have and much loved. softened he a with They with you.down you saw we When harvest."great tenderness. "I gambling am therestanding about up nothing and in struck me,"pose, a "And Mark her love as constant being as ontwofifths eternity, from decided we is the see that "you sheman going mine."to to climb wanted toheightswe to be KEPT.""If to going are someyou havegether. isn't car Lynn's but much laughed uncertainly They and fall,"in thing countered, the it will Mark six in hold pinch. a we Or Phyllis his put her arm. on hand "getting isn't married to going now inmight truck, go old your Pete. will "It for long. will be not You It's turn over. the tossup a world sit of could in usFour the back and work."get either way."hold over—umbrella an

into her laughed serious down He "I think you are entirely right, "What are you trying to say, will face. "I sure if my ability is as

Pete, I think—"Vera?"faith."strong as your

"Your climb didn't make you "Oh, no, you don't Lynn Conway.

dumb or something did it? As I was If he would only keep It is June conference or nothing."plainly and painfully telling—work when he got it, Nancy thought. Lynn turned to face the black

"Hold it, Chatterbox. Let a man Her heart warmed to them all. They eyes that were snapping at him. A

tell it,"Mark, the one with the sadwere trying to be casual about this moment he hesitated, then, "Okay.

dle bags, began, but Vera cut him thing that was a real problem. She You are the doctor."

short. turned to Pete. They were all wait- "I think it is time to go home,"

"So we are all going. It will be ing for his sanction. Surely he Phyllis said crisply. "Hadn't you

cheaper that way; and that should would stay by his original plans better saddle the horses?"

be an incentive to this crowd."when he was so much more able to They snatched at her suggestion.

"Going where?"go than they. When they were gone she put an

"Going where? After all my ex- "How's the plan, Hans Peter?"arm over Nancy's shoulder. "We're

plaining."Mark asked when the silence was sorry."

"What is she trying to say?"becoming uncomfortable. Nancy laughed shortly. "You

Nancy appealed to the boy on the "Sorry,"he turned his steady gaze need not be. I am through."

sand. Lynn rose. He brushed the from one to the other. "We are not "Serves the old Sourpuss right,"

sand from his clothes and when he going until fall."The words struck Vera declared emphatically. "He

spoke, the hushed quality of his like an overcharged shell. would find a way if he wanted."

voice made the girl's nonsense more "The dickens you say."In their saddles they turned their

apparent. "What's happened?"horses single file up the narrow trail

"We decided to get married when "Well, of all the mindchanging that led out of the canyon. Vera

you do."men."was the first to reach the level above.

"Oh!"Nancy's hand went to her Phyllis had sensed something She looked back at them.

throat. Phyllis, serious ends the so Day. "And who was quietly: as amiss. spoke She "You

trailthe other leads This to for the spoke us was gay, Perfectthings—and certainly best. It does seem know

first It if others. time. a Easter was happy but foolhardy waited so have we

it.""You know we have been waiting long. Surely there is a solution for Pete did try his best to spoil

waiting for conditions toand get us somewhere if we can only find it."( To be. continued)

better, for something to turn up, but there is nothing more in sight than "Maybe you are not foolhardy,"bright. i Pete's eyes "Perhaps werethere ago. a year decided was < We I courageous enough. Maram not married take would and whatwe CALIFORNIA FRUIT ii is riage a propopermanent mighty

< shallcomes. with to go you Weget

i I it sition to seeand want go into Conference."June <

for ing a clear ahead, a road while i afterwards?""But

i least. at fellows in are not You < fruits finest into the over hush fell sudden candy, CANJDTThe made A

I all their containing flavor debt; natural am. I havegroup. thought—and tossed head. her Vera and << healthful

floor. tells the walked My judgment afterward,"her terse "Darn was PearApricot Prunes Peachproperties.——to wait."me etc..comment. PeachApricot—Fignut, Pear—

or Milk sweet chocolate coated spoke. a For one moment no Each live until the folks with can "We $1.20 U. S. in per prepaid pound his at or looked her companion.fall,"again. spoke Lynn "When i $2.00 pounds Two older. Pete 4 thought was a They inthe are crops can—we

i great his deal of judgment. Then "If reare there i any,"Nancy FRUIT ROWAN'S

< hysterical laughter jarred Vera's him.minded CONFECTIONS

< them. will be. to have "There can St., 173 Douglas Jose San We i

get a little place somewhere.""That is all right in theory but

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM {Continued from page 73)

set the he. After had a bishop). office;was there ) originally the same ( 3

.. rest mattersbrethren at.. other. when on authority having bishops were no

for the set in matters thehe sake order had etc. will not elders, the over Space.."1S.of which he come. had

In this passage, also cited by permit the development of these and theories. facts, however, other TheEusebius, is seen appointing John restored should with the harmonize directing authoritativelybishops and

bishops in the affairs of their own organization of the Church today, elders are always they do agree: andchurches. Clement and Ignatius do but Priesthood in possession of their not bishops, appointnot do make its administrative funcexercise

visits, not may not claim and and do do tions or so directed, only when directsupervisingexercise the and of at branch; the a placed head when as ofing authority Apostle does an

administrative not in an and when to authe succeeded oneJohn. No to position, be they appear maythority Apostles, of the and "The

title "elder,"elders"the "lay and title will of usurped Apostle not be 18 exercising honor; of only one when only our Igto (According anyone."by

functions, they administrative seem authority )natius of the Apos- "The in with authority to coordinate be tles privileged evidently and was bishops. the.""

..incommunicable. Ignatius, bishthe letters of In the

lists with of bishops an AposThe is presiding over as I \Aj O represented in optle their alleged at might head be eldincluding the local church, the that bishops the succeededevidence is ers. authority so His

lists office. apostolicto the These great that Preserve in bound volumes expression the rise to it has given late too to possess anyare however episcopate."However, "monarchical of valuable the vast amount arose proof: as soonvalue "There

it that these who exwas necessary tradition that the themApostlesa Era. in your reading the this great authority ercised meet in sevbishops appointedselves had

the support approval have and cloth binding, durableeral of Handsome, hence communities, came and presided. they Not those over whom episcopal ofthe drawing custom up

first the stamped in gold, $2.00 per volume. bishops met the only hadlists in Asia, Lyons. But Rome, and

stood and Apostles of the that approval year 220 before theit was not

Spirit,"but "the testing by the the SPECIAL PRICES FOR TEN OR set themselves wereApostles down rights of the had individual members VOLUMES MORE listsin bishops these a comas of that the requirement secured been by is "It not probably muchmunity.'

its approval. give local the church himself that Peter wasbefore 21 BRING 354 THEM IN NOW 2; VII, to Polycarp"In "Ignatius set title of bishop thegiven and

XI, the "Ignatius to Smyrnaeans"of in position of indefinitely the head19 Philadelthe in "Ignatius to 2;

line episcopal (in Rome)."the

1; in the Didache phians"X, XV, Ignatius'at in writing Polycarp,

II in in 23; and XIV, Acts and 1 The Deseret IgPhilippians, therequest to and

natius in writing to the Romans, do Corinthians VIII, 19; the members

as apare represented the church is exof This bishop. a mentionnot

or officials representatives proving Philippians in the JNews Press of theplained case by the assumption that there was no by voting with [Concludedthe raised onhand.page The123) 29 Richards Street

Elsewhere yet at Philippi. asbishop

the bishop portrays as pre- "Clement's First Letter to the Corinthians Salt Lake City, UtahIgnatius siding with authority over the local 44, 3; Battifol, L'Eglise naissante, p. 153.

church. At that time and before,

certain churches are known to have had an elder20 or a group of elders at their head, and others a bishop.

This variety has given rise to themost varied hypotheses, for in7p;&aaelfo*i*aHZ'stance: ( 1 ) there were two kinds f0U*

of elders, lay elders and elders having administrative authority; (2)

elder and bishop are two names for

15Clement of Alexandria, The Rich Man's Salvation, ch. 42. CONOCO GERM "Battifol, Etudes d'Histoire, p. 263. SgP

"Battifol, Primitive Catholicism, p. 138.

Church"Harnack, 18Adolf "The Christian in Religious EnIf PROCESSED OIL SchaffHerzog the New cyclopedia, vol. Ill, p. 266.

10Shotwell and Loomis, The See of Peter, 710. p. OILPLATES YOUR ENGINE

""Acts xi, 30; xiv, 23; xiv, 30; Clement's

First Letter to the Corinthians.

SAYSwPOP"WARNER uNO football eminent Here is what America's coach says about alcohol and athletics.

"\X7hen "Pop"Warner talks footdrink misses anything worth while THE ball people listen, for it is genin life.

erally conceded that the "Old Fox"He has never heard an athlete REFRIGERATOR knows more about the game and say: "I wish I'd learned to drink

its players than anyone else in the when I was in high school. It would you hear about

world. have helped me so much."

isn't often a heard given talking boy say to "Pop"much. He has reBUT "If I'd gretfully: liquor is him, action the what important knownWith

thing. A perfectly timed pass, a can do to a fellow, I'd never havesuccessful interference, a ball sent touched it!"NEVER HEAR!

squarely between the goal posts, a This canniest of all coaches exsubstantialtack—these doublewingtell more aboutbacka teamatplainedmakes a thatbig teamnot everybodylearned to whosay

than all the sports writers'columns. "No!"to alcohol back in high school.

It is significant, then, that this There are always a few boys who great veteran of the gridiron, known have tried social drinking on a modwherever football is played, should erate scale before they come to unipause on the eve of the season's bigversity or college. But then they

gest clash for his team, to talk about have to decide: Athletics or liquor.

youth and the matter of drinking. There is no possible compromise.

"Athletics and liquor don't go toWarner believes that as a general gether,"'Pop'Warner said, as he rule young people who may themsat in the office of the Athletic Diselves drink, respect those who do rector at Temple University... not.

"A boy has to leave it alone Sports writers refer to Warner completely alone—if he expects to today as the "Old Fox,"because

be a successful player. No coach he is keen and clever and wise. His

would bother with a boy who success as a football coach is acthought so little of his body. No credited largely to his analytical

team would tolerate him."mind—an asset that many say would

"Pop"Warner knows what he is have assured him of top position in talking about. For fortythree years any field he chose.

he has produced great football The boys on his teams gave him teams. He has worked closely with his bestknown nickname, "Pop,"

some of the greatest athletes Ameribecause he was concerned about ca has produced—has watched their welfare and treated them like

thousands of young men rise and sons rather than ballcarrying fall in the sports'world. And he brutes.

isn't a hasbeen, talking from a comHe has contributed more to football coach,fortable fireside. largely than other any HAS NO * * the because emphasized has he comPA*TS "Pop"Warner's interest in bination of mental alertness withAmerican youth is not confined to physical strength. Under his guidW0VIN6

the keenminded, fleetfooted, hardance and direction, football has bemuscled huskies on his teams. He come a science rather than a mere

looks on life as a great game in clashing of teams. It is this fine

which physical and mental alertcorrelation of mind and muscle Silence. Thriit. Year after

ness are important assets to every around which winning teams are year. You enjoy both with

young man and young woman. built that is first affected by alcohol. Servel Electrolux. For this dif-

"If you are interested in your For hundreds of outstanding ferent refrigerator has no movphysical and mental welfare,"he young men through his fortythree ing parts in its entire freezing said, "you ought to know what alyears of coaching, "Pop"Warner's system, nothing that CAN cohol is and does."word has been law. When he says, make noise, nothing that can

For a moment he became remi- "No drinking for youth,"they wear—now or years from now.

niscent. know that "Pop"knows and means See the new 1938 models at our

showroom. Ask about convenithat. in athjust boys—not

terms. thousands of high school ent necesFor thought itletics—who"I have seenhave

sary to celebrate their team's vicboys and girls who need strong bodtory with a good deal of drink. The ies and keen minds to pile up winexcitement of the game has made ning scores in their own particular

them reckless—and thoughtless. fields, this direct word to AlliedThere have been accidents on the Youth from the world's greatest MOUNTAIN FUEL

way home—other happenings that coach is worth hearing: "For lifelessened the brightness of vicat its best, leave liquor alone!"SUPPLY COMPANY

tory...."From an exclusive interview for 36 South State Salt Lake City

"Pop"Warner scoffed at the idea "The Allied Youth,"with "Pop"Serving 21 Utah Communities that a young person who refuses to Warner, by Nettie Allen Thomas.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 193 8

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM (Continued from page 121) Ignatius is corroborated by EuseOn the day of Pentecost, the

Greek verb xeitotoneo (literally, bius as to the continuation of the testimony of the Apostles was auxeiro, hand, and toneo, raise) which gifts of the Holy Ghost: "for the thenticated29 by the testimony of the

is used in these passages, means "to Apostle ( Paul ) grants that the proSpirit, and were it not for disobevote by stretching out the hand, to phetic gift shall be in all27 the church dience, this means would have enchoose by vote, to appoint."And until the final coming."dured; but through disobedience, the

"in the case of a real grievance, the The gifts of the Spirit ceased testimony of the Spirit was lost.

community could remove whosogradually, in all probability as disNow, as in the time of Ignatius event grew; in any office of an Apostle the Clement, Proandever was23 entrusted with the bishop's obedience

alike accept Catholicsoffice."testants and is disessential, unity is unique; and

Importance of the Spirit and manifestationsthe early historicalof theevidenceSpirit thatdid notthe obedienceapostasy; theand Spirittransgressionof the Lordlead tois

Revelation cease in the Church suddenly38 on the essential for members and officers

HHhe angel of the Lord instructs death of the last Apostle. alike; and through the appointment

and commands John; Clement ""Ignatius to the Philadelphians VII, 1, 2. of officers by those in authority, aidrefers to the "testing"of those ap- "Eusebius, Ecclesiastical History V, ed by the "testing by the Spirit"and

pointed to office in the church "by xvii, 4. with the consent of the members,

the Spirit"and Ignatius prophesies Qualben (Protestant), A History of the the rule of the best and the rights extraordinary 82: "The p. Christian Church, visions, the gift of the liberties are secured. of all and hasand did and prophecy gifts working and of miracle to indispensableSpirit to him secure such Smith Did apostles. Martyr Justin Joseph with the cease not seem33

a bishop. (A. D. 103166), Irenaeus (died about 202 agreement with the constitution of

testify D.) (185254 A. D.), Origen and letters A. Ignatius of and the From in as found and Clement the church

in the performed miracles name that were conevidence, early must oneother chance, Ignatius by supreme by gift of time, their the in and the of Lord it that the thatclude was intended revelation? divine genius, or by regular in the worplace a had prophecy

gifts of the Spirit should continue in ship in a number of churches."

the church until the second coming. Battifol (Catholic), L'Eglise naissante, the Spirit and of the extraordinary gifts

in beChristianity extraordinaires) (voies des (Die Wirkungen "This work p. 264: at rethe Polycarp, who wrote the the middle of fore (about Montanism Geister, Weinel, der H. Geistes und by that of Ignatius,quest knew God century)."of second least at the merit has Freiburg, 1899)

"hath given (the Holy24 Ghost) to showing the continuity of the influence of Acts 5:32, 2:38, 39.

them that obey Him"and he warns against evil: "Keep from avarice,

and be pure and truthful. Keep

yourselves from all evil. For how

may he who cannot obtain self-

I'M SAYS HUSBAND AN MY incontrol 15 these matters enjoin it on I give some "Al "COOK—butanother."

Widespread disunity and disof the credit to Globe "Al"obedience were indeed serious. IgFlour. It's so dependable, anynatius regarded the gifts of the one can get good results with

Spirit as indispensable to the bishop. And it's honestly priced,He had been guided by the Spirit: it."I cried out while I was with you, M too. I'm glad I changedI spoke with a great voice—with to Globe

llllllGod's own voice,—-'Give heed to the "Al'

bishop, and to the presbytery ( elders) and the deacons.'But some

suspected me of saying this because

I had previous knowledge of the sedition of some persons; but He in

whom I am bound is my witness that

I had no knowledge of this from any human being, but the Spirit was preaching saying this."'

"Battifol, L'Eglise naissante, p. 144.

""Ignatius to Polycarp"II, 2: "'Be prudent as the serpent'in all things 'and pure

as the dove'forever... pray that the invisible things may be revealed to you, that

you may lack nothing and abound in every gift."H. Monnier, cited by Lebreton et Zeiller,

L'Eglise primitive, p. 332: "Ignatius and

Polycarp... are all inflamed with the fire

visSpirit; they prophesy have the and GLOBEof FLOUR nM"M-Pu*f*se

..."ions. in Milled suit the west to western conbaking lOBE MILLS Zeiller, primitive, et I'Eglise Lebreton p. ditions. results. Doubletested for perfect HighCRflMENTCOGOENUTAH gifts spiritual to332: seem him "These est quality, honestly priced. bishop."for (Ignatius) indispensable a

24Acts 5:32.

"Polycarp to the Philippians XI, 1, 2.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

THE HAND OF GOD IN UNITED STATES HISTORY (Concluded from page 75) found his notes which told of the We have seen the operation of the had come from the Eastern states.

struggle they had framing the Constitution in the far corners of our Utah was founded on the fundaConstitution—a document which country. The forward movement mental principles of free American

would govern, unite, and yet grant of our history from the shores of government.

freedom to the people of the United the Atlantic to the shores of the The Divine Spirit has ever been

States. The great Bill of Rights Pacific has exemplified all that it the directing force in shaping the

came first as an amendment, but guarantees. When the pioneers destinies of this nation. You cannot

afterward was made a part of the crossed the Alleghenies into the take religion out of America and body of the Constitution itself. The northwest and southwest territories, have any America or any liberty.

first article reads: "Congress shall they took the Constitution with Our nation was founded on remake no law respecting an establishthem as their basic law. The ligion. The closer it keeps to rement of religion or prohibiting the state of Texas, which recently celeligion the more surely it will carry

free exercise thereof."Other Arbrated its one hundredth anniverforward to its great destiny. Our

ticles in the Bill of Rights gave us sary, was born almost exactly like country needs a rebaptism in the otherlaw:—freedomprecious privilegesof speech,beforefreedomthe ourwentowndownnation.there Americanand laid peopledown be"Faithcarriedof OurbackFathers."to the Itfirstneedsandto

of the press, trial by jury, and so on. the basic principles in the Constifundamental principles. We need

The Constitution of the United tution of Texas. When they wrote to recognize our dependence on

States has been operating for good their Declaration of Independence, God. We need to appreciate whatone hundred and fifty years. We it reannounced those principles of His inspiring and sustaining influall know that the wisdom of the freedom. The first law Oregon adence has meant in our lives and the

fathers has been a thousand times ministered was made by men who life of our nation.

exemplified in a thousand different ways in the history of America. The

Constitution made the Declaration of Independence a living thing in lives.our ConstituWithout that THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAINtion the Declaration of Indepen- (Continued from page 85)

dence might well have become a mere scrap of paper. resulted from ignoring her advice to would have nursed him to health

wait for her invincible brother. unless she had been tied up and unShe made no effort to hide her der strong guard.

lord from the wrath of her people, tell did nor she him and how why all the jtVmong white men their anger flame a red against was fight been in who had the or who him. She had no thought of nursing had supported it from home, not one

him to health as Toorah would have of them felt bitter enough to leave done at the peril of her life. the old NavajoMountainite there

Instead, the second wife left him alone to die like a coyote. But the

clinging to his guns in fear of being PahUte law knew no mercy, not found by the white men. She knew for the very best man ever born

his greatest danger was from his among them. If it were Posey to

tribe find to own where knew transgress who the law, the penalty wasI not him, and from the white people exactly A REQUEST ever what been: it had death. FOR HISTORICAL who had no idea where he had gone. The matter of Posey's witchcraft INFORMATION His also sons got permission his to and place of confinement were of The Cart comHand

left hunt and also panies, they tribal the food storiesand of are, secrets. and Pioneers theMormon revealing one Any

in opinion, the heroic things in most my blankets at cave, the they told but traitor. them would be a the all history. During For I years, as hobby, a

have fancibeen engaged in weaving a the old sufferer nothing of the plans better part of a month while the ful tapestry, is the theme the of which history of the West. against him. Neither the sons, the prisoners sat there in the "bull pen"

The threads of romance, of tragedy and second wife, nor the brother Scottie awaiting their judgment, the wife of devotion, concerning these epic events, appeal to me more than all else. dropped the faintest hint to the and sons and brother maintained

Through that my hands have passed Posey Mormons was alive and their many the silence along with rest of Mormon diaries, pioneer fragments and desperate attention. of kind need of their people, in diaries, that alone from knowing which inciin copied I have

dents which I have woven into my tapes- A little help might have saved him his solitude their loved one suffered try.

It's a wonderful story this tale of the from long suffering and death. And an ugly wound, and that if he surCarts Hand and the Trek, and I tell of it not one of them dared disagree with vived it would be only to meet the from the Mississippi to the Coast.

the verdict popular against fate of I the the bad will medicine bad Posman. appreciate very learning much

of other incidents stories and about these medicine man. sibly they in expire hoped he would pioneer events. Stories and memories

will If the in pencil, be welcome in clippings, dead been Toorah had on there alone honor instead of meetin or diaries, and material to loaned me the scene, she her fate. would have ing a made worse for carefully cared be sent and back

registered mail. bywill if to that cave even she way in had took refuge the Posey When

to been the compelled go in night cave, vigil he preserved a constant P. THOMAS WILSON tied. with her wrists to forestall She would any surprise from the "THE TAPESTRY OF THE WEST"

Box 316—Pueblo, Colorado have fought his enemies even though men of the dread posse. He held

they were her own brothers, and she to his guns every hour of the day

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

The Outlaw of The Advertisers and Where You Will Find Their Messages

Navajo Mountain Beneficial Life Insurance Company Mountain Fuel Supply Company 122

Back Cover Naylor, H. W 126

and night, resolved that no one Brigham Young University 125 New Lankershim Hotel Company.... 68

should drag him out to answer for Colonial Poultry Farms 126 Polk, R. L. & Co 68

this whole sorry affair. He lay beContinental Oil Company 121 Quish School of Beauty Culture.....127

for hours rocks great and twotween 120 Fruit Confections., Daynes Music 68 Rowan's Company the counscanning time at ahours Shell Oil Company....Inside Front Cover Press 121 Deseret News of the Mule mouthtry around

.......125 Brands, Standard Inc

Creek, and the plain imprint of his Globe Mills Company 67 and 123 Sugarhouse Lumber and Hardware weary old bones could be seen there Interstate Brick Co..102 Company 65

for months afterwards. KSL Radio Station....Inside Back Cover Utah Engraving Company 68

After their short visits his sons L. D. S. Business College 67 Wilson, Thomas P 124

came no more. No one came, not

even the second wife to tell him why he was in such a sorry mess.

Fearful and apprehensive at first

.that someone would find him, he DISTINGUISHED MEN OF AMERICA..

fearful that equally to bebegan no and THEIR SGHOOLING no one come, would andone would find him at all. At first he refrained (From Who's Who in America)

from making a fire lest the smoke should advertise his hiding place, With No Schooling but later he longed to see anybody, Of 5 million persons, only 31 attained distinction red or white. With Elementary Schooling

By painful efforts he climbed to Of 33 million, 808 attained distinction the top of the cliff, and in the open space there he lighted signal fires With High School Education signals of distress. During the long, Of 2 million, 1245 attained distinction.

long hours while the March winds moaned through the cedars, he made With College Education these fires to give out a smoke by Of 1 million, 5768 attained distinction.

day and then to give a light in the Graduates of Brigham Young University are occupying posidarkness, that any hunter or wantions of leadership in education, sciences, arts, businesses and derer might be guided to him in his industries all over the nation.

distress. he reduced time dragged on, As UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG for at his of food, daily allowance Provo, Utah the limited supply he of the end saw "Scholarship—Spirituality—Character"of starvation, even spectrethe dark

if he should survive his wounds to meet it. He poulticed those wounds

with soft pine gum, for though they had healed on the surface, he had torturing puspockets on the bone.

In, his silent world of agony he fighting disease andsaw starvation for first right each otherwith to Is YOURS a claim him as their own. He labored

back and forth, feeding his fires and praying that their smudge or their gleam would lead someone to deliver him from the monster whose "ROYAL"teeth sank deeper in his vitals every day. His signals were his prayers to all the world for a helping hand FAMILY?

that he might live.

On a little elevation he improMillions of American women choose Royal Desserts not merely because vised a seat accommodated to his they happen to be fit for a king, (or queen) but because they please every wounded body where he might member of the family.

watch the distance for any indicaMillions prefer the seven delicious sparkling, gelatin desserts made with life. All that of tion around three of real fruit seat, flavor homelike smooth and the Royal puddings—bereach while could as his armas far to nutritious, they're prepare. easy to easy cause digest and

he sat, he patted the earth with his heavy stick, patting and rubbing and Make yours a Royal family—today. Ask your grocer for Royal Desserts!

.scratching trie cold sand to beguile

(Concluded on page 127) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

Solution to January Puzzle Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Joel Talks of Judgment (Joel 1:15)

Save up to 3c per cluck, no matter what state you live in! All leading breeds of chicks, also sexed

and hybrids, at LOWEST PRICES made possible because MORE COLONIAL CHICKS ARE SOLD

THAN ANY OTHER KIND! Why pay more?

Send for this BIG, FREE chick raising guide today!

Chock full of pictures and facts. Tells about

Colonial's new breed record and championships!

CustomersCOLONIALreport upPOULTRYto 270 eggsFARMSflock average!

Box 932 Florence, Colo, ACROSS 1 "Put ye in the sickle,... the 36 Southern state

TO DAIRYMEN 4 "wakeharvestup is..ripe". mighty men"3738 RussianGrandsonclover;of Benjaminlore (anag.)1 Chron,

it shall this issue, come to pass in 6 "And Dr. Naylor's products 7:8With.".. that.. the day of the Lord is near"40 ". initial their appearance make in The

Improvement Era. The Era will welcome 9 They help you solve puzzles 41 "and who can abide...?"

inquiries from its readers for further in10 Fabric made in Bombay 43 "for their wickedness... great"

formation on these quality products. 13 "the... that is in thine eye"44 "As if a man did flee from a lion,

14 Fishers with long, hooked lines and a bear... him"

16 "and repenteth him... the evil"46 Song

f-Dr. Naylor 9&—\ 1817 "let"turn. unto.. weakthe. say,.. yourI am God"strong"4748 Hebrew"..., Judah'smonth firstborn"

MEDICATED 2119 Printer'sPertainingmeasureto 46 across 49 Genus(anag.)of plants; retain Anna

is.. Lord 1 Chron. 7: 7 52 "The TEATonly dilators. softDILATORSsurface The

that Fit 2224 AFemaleBenjamiteanimal call upon him". unto all them large or small not overteats, do

or tear. stretch dilators Dr. Naylor state in. 27 Western 53 "enter

sterilized, are medicated, saturated in 29 can.. thestay windows"his..."names Hebrew God "and none 54 healing with ointment. carry They

31 day that "and the... shall burn the medication teat canal, INTO

teat keep heal. tissues while up"OPEN them Text is 1, 6, 4, from 16, Joel Our

Safe dependable for Spider, and.. 32 "let 17, 40,. the men of war draw 52, 18, 31, and 41, 43, 53, Teats, Teats, Cut Scab & Bruised

near"54 combined insert. Obstructions. to Easy Stay

in teat. the Accept only genuine 33 An acid salt; meet a car (anag.)

dilators. Dr. Naylor

LARGE PACKAGE (48 Dilators) $1.00

TRIAL PACKAGE (18 Dilators).50 DOWN

the saint 1 "When Female enemy shall come in 26 UDDER DALM..."like a 28 Seaweed Soothing, healing ointment

for udderand teats. Possesses 2 Equipment 30 Note; state

the same softening, absorbing 3 Portuguese money 34 Coughed (ref. sp.)

properties as the ointment in 5 Epoch 35 "in the eighteenth year of king

Dr. Naylor Dilators which Grief 6 to reign"began Jeroboam...

are packed. 9 ozs. 50 cents

... 7 a nation come United States 39 "For upon my

8 of length Measure strong, land, without and numLINIMENT UDDER of Measure 9 hymns ber"

OIL OLIVE WITH MADE 11 certain a Like bird 41 Notion liquid application penetrating A Left 12 side is to "there stretch 42 forth none my relief for swelling, the inflamof 14... Hot any more"mation, Quickly congestion. ab15 Assemble again Sea eagle 45 greasy. sticky or Of sorbed—not "like a 19 drunken is like a man, this and in part 46 the Bible Joel of particular value to producers of..."man hath wine City whom Levites to 47 of given the Judah certified milk. PintcanSl.00

orator 20 Roman 21: 16 Josh. reliable dealers At

or by mail postpaid. 23 Holy City of Hindu pilgrims in 49 Silver

H. W. NAYLOR CO., MORRIS. NY. 25 EldestBritishsonIndiaof Japheth 5051 NewRain beginsEnglandthisstateway

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1938

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN {Concluded from page 125) cK&ulL diow—

the anguish of his monotony. And When the skunk looked up in coldTooforwarmno fireforataall?big What'sfire andto toodo

that mute record, made by a hand hateful surprise to snarl, "Coyote,"about it? No, you don't have to go

which could not write a word, told he would answer it with "Puneeh!"to bed. Cunning gas heaters which

like just grates which and may in of lookhis story pleading eloquent that supreme a moment And at if in grates, inserted have you be afterlong time the old put on the sweet revenge he would stick had fill bill. offer just the the them, They

fallen from his palsied fingers. skunk's face the same kind of mark needed heat, add attractiveness to

In that little area on top of the he had carried in his own cheek the home, and cut down the fuel rock above his cave, he burned since the yabetchi. bills for the inbetween season.

everything available for his fires And then the coyote would hurry WhySupplynotatgo36toSouththe MountainState in FuelSalt and his smokes. He made no less away with raised quirt, leaving the Lake City, or to the office in either

than thirty fires, that is, fires in skunk dazed and outraged to fight Murray or Bountiful, if they are thirty places. And what did it bring? the miserable little remaining of his more convenient, and see what this

wretched struggle. There would be company has to offer.

no last word and no report of the -$- had PahUtes JLwo marmeeting. pall to breakfast on Has begun theried out of brought tribe and

this the year, time of About The coyote came down from that you?their consorts home. A squaw had rim exactly as he had planned to housewives are sick of preparing

married a a Navajo man, and Pahdishes old breakfast the and same do, leaving consternaanguish and if they eat yet are going must men married a had NavajoUte man quirt tion raised him. behind With this Let's to try recipe work. new It tribal resulted leak of in asquaw. the he rode and back Mills down the cookbook: Globe from Comb

secrets, for the though Mormons into the crossed Rincone by Ford far thus fromgot no enlightenment the reservation. ROLLED PANCAKES—SAUSAGE Posey's about whereanybody is differentl the title why, even assuage the agony of that Toabouts, the whispered among it was

1 c. in panBuckwheat old "Al"Globe savage the dent his cheek that medicine aNavajos he was bad flour cake half with blind NavajoMountainite, evil spell cast over an had 2 eggsman—he anger, with crazed a and made oil tbsp.his 2 brought people to pain "Al"Globe them and

shame and disaster. They had depoultice of what little flour he had 1 c. water

link sausage remaining. shakit with bound V2 lb. He hills in alone theserted to die him oil liquids Beat eggs, and add his face. ing fingers bursting on He the report travofwest Comb. The thoroughly. pancake mix Add and his started to cool parchseap for the until smooth. to flour Bakeeled from from beat and hogan hogan and

camp to camp. ed tongue, but he sank in a stupor on a moderately hot griddle, makand never again regained any uning cakes about 5 inches in diThen away off there on the derstanding of the mad world ameter. When browned on both

the reservation, ofboundary away around him. sides,one sideplaceanda cookedroll up. sausageServe atatoff there the dry waterwhere

course of the Comb Wash joins onceSoundswith maplejust thesyrup.thing for jadwith the San Juan river, a Navajo /\fter weeks had passed, ed appetites of spring, doesn't it?

riding the over Ford. Rinconecame for man, ample time a wounded - with a foolish a big manHe was his alone, neglected to die from and

little hat strapped on his grizzled injuries, Posey's sons got permission By the way, for those same jaded hair. He rode fast with raised quirt, to hunt again, and they brought appetites, don't forget your Royal

If gelatin. haven't obtained you he gazedand their that father dead, eagerly towards the word was of booklet, the "Royal that your copy ahead.Elk Mountain they buried they him had where to trail hot your the Desserts", make

In the upper valley of the Comb found him. neighborhood grocer and get one.

out help suggestions you expectantly the towardshe watched part taken had who Men they in the Theof are a many tight spot—andwill side till risingwest he saw a smoke fight perplexed been than had more to prepare. follow so and easy

from the distant rim. at Posey's mysterious disappearance,

"O-a shipinicky,"he purred to and they tracked the boys back to himself with great satisfaction, and their father's grave, removed the laid the quirt along his horse's shallow covering and lifted the poor thigh and quickened his trot into the old corpse out to the light of day. INDEPENDENT BE hurCreek. hemouth of Mule On It possibility of was Posey—no Vocation So Profitable Other Noried, that the guided on smoke by mistake. had him These known men ENROLL NOW left rim. hishigh arm he Under for years. looked him over They

carried a Colt automatic, a trick carefully, found the two bullet For a Complete Course at the he learned in a card game at the wounds in his hip and knew when big yabetchi. Also he carried an and how he got them. Quish School of Beauty Culture

in the West The Best left in his bone. dentugly cheek that poultice But of hard dough Bldg. 304-9 Thompson Ezra eagerness nervous urged he With it his face? on and removed They CITY, UTAH LAKE SALT lope,his to he reviewed a and pony imprint the bloody saw hard of a Information Further For framingthe program he been had a gunbarrel. as from blow Catalog and They

for two days past. No act from took pictures of his poor dead featWasatch 75C0Callor

ures, could but as yet they only guess Fill Couponin Thisundercraving—theycover wouldmustappeasestand hisfacefierceto last of his the real tragedy day.

face as they had stood by the black mare after the big ducki. The End

IxmcwdcGiMi

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY ANOTHER WORD OF WISDOM ARGUMENT is said old the there story then the of lady dear who "Let's requested once AND again—review Maintenance—was true that the because of she was knew Wisdom Word let's use in the September Correctly"Era. Now, Say It

in the to involved look were happened what the men who is which the maintenance"in "ward talking about the word part of our conversation this time of the year. Teapot Dome scandal.

Baderis pronounced the same as if it were simply spelled, "A BLESSING WITH A PROMISE"bad.

syllable; this the accent is on the, the in eve; e as Theatre THEtheyoungappointedfather Fasthad askedDay tohis assistfriend himto goin withnaminghim hison the a); this of tee, e as pronunciation (please note in sofa a as

in maker. baby. The occasion came, and the friend, being voice, and

spelling, the and pronounce Forehead—forget

being spelled: pronounced as in the wordit as ifodd,it wereand havingconclusionexhaustedand finallyall readypromisedwords,thewaschildgropingthat forit shoulda suitablebe fored, the o

the e as in the word end. "known for good and evil in all the world."

CORRECTION AN INVITATION TO READERS FOR scriptural 1937, the in of December, the Era CHARACTERISTIC MORMON should have a son of Hur,"and ONreferencepage 760to "Joshua HUMOR read, "Aaron and Hur."Thanks, Glen T. Crandall, for invitfield, in communities, the mission and Mormon ing this to our attention. IN

is of the meet, there Church wherever members no

FROM GREAT BRITAIN doubt an interchange of fine humor, which, by allusion, inference, in significance particular has innuendo and 1, 6, 1937 C. Oct. Square, London, 5 Gordon W.

its its light of the people, history, the Church, practices, durespecially I that to Era, say Improvement The you doctrines. peculiar those are Typical and examples May is, outstanding opinion, the in most last year, the ing my pertaining to of the quoted above and Word Wisdom

it I find to a possible in wish the publication were Church. to the the the of and child, naming Dome, Teapot which

British it all the in the Saints the of in homes have to way little in general, understood be but might hold which a

I it all investigators. in the of place hands to am Mission and glint for those of genuine are close the humor to who

I talk those about to to with a proud hand copy always whom is anxious to Church. collect Improvement and Era The

to are associates of the your and Mormonism. message You stories this publish incidents and humorous of and being through the done oustanding congratulated on work be will for printed. $1.00 each one pay cannot we Wenature the Era. return to the undertake to manuscripts, nor acknowledge

I best greetings wishes always, and am With for that editorial them, but each one our secommittee cordially yours, Faithfully and lects publication, will for remit will $1.00 indiwe and B. Brown. (Signed) Hugh the cate contributor, the of unless name otherwise British Mission. the President of requested. #

44 should of the JSra the editors be complimented J BELIEVE on A NEW SOLUTION in the magazine. * the general... It is cerimprovement

tainly less difficult now to keep abreast of changes both in the Church and the world in general through the pages of the Era."(Signed) Dr. C. Douglas Barnes,

Long Beach.

FROM IDAHO FALLS Sometime during October, 1897, Elder B. F. Grant recommended that I subscribe for the Era. I subscribed and paid

for Volume No. 1. With the exception of one year (then

my son subscribed, as he was living home) I have subscribed for and read the Era. I take pleasure in recommending the Era

to all people for wholesome reading and good counsel.

Yours truly, Mahonri E. Brown.

FROM WEBB, ARIZONA of success This the Era. magaon the Congratulations

the rough, into his ball a Calito locate it goes order when the zine occupied Contributor, have and IN attracts it solution in golfer chemical which fornia a is their inception. since in a place Era The myits librarypredecessor,

with the ball to butterflies. soak plan be would A bettersoaks welcome. always

Sincerely, accuracy. Boston Transcript.

A. S. Porter. ADVANCED GRADE <$>

yet?'learned to talk your baby Albuquerque, Mexico. New tparhinnteaching vps.yes. himhim tnto kpkeep quiet now."We'reWe're 4t And"Oh'Ohhas my,mv.

is that the labors in missionary find here our ""\T7*E Era Advertiser. one Cornwall

faith of interesting of our the not of best people means and bringing the Gospel message into their homes. The WUSS, WUSSER, WUSSEST

splendid photography, the inspiring articles, and the attractive appearance of the magazine, invariably arouse favorable comSambo, a Southern darkey, married Liza. In about two weeks

ment. We have found the articles showing worldwide he came to the reverend gentleman who had tied the knot,

recognition of the unusual and outstanding accomplishments looking as if he had lost his last friend in the world.

of the Church always stimulate further investigation. "What's the matter, Sambo; aren't you happy?"the preacher

"The Gospel message as carried by the Era makes it an inquired.

indispensable companion to us in our work. "No suh, parson. Ah wants a divorce."

"Sincerely, "I'm sorry to hear that, Sambo, but you must remember that "Verona Williams and Enid Poulson, you took Liza for better or worse."

District "Missionaries Mexico of the New fo.'of the States Mission.""Ah"Newsknows Bureau.dat, pahson, but she's wuss dan ah took her Western

CBS NAMES

MAKE NEWS!

It's an old newspaper adage that "names make news". But there's a

new twist to this truism... because

in radio it's the CBS names that make BIGGEST news! The Columbia

Broadcasting System presents for your entertainment the brightest stars in the radio firmament.

And throughout the West it's KSL, Columbia's 50,000 watt affiliate, that brings these stars and their many hours of pleasant entertainment into your home.

Columbia and KSL bring you such names that make news as:

Top Left—Eddie Cantor and Deanna Durbin, heard on Wednesday evenings at 9:30.

Top Right—Lawrence Tibbett, America's

great Metropolitan Opera baritone, heard with Andre Kostellanetz'orchestra on Wednesday evenings at 7:00.

Center—Kate Smith, "The Songbird of the

South,"in a candid camera picture as she sings on her Thursday evening Columbia show. It's

heard over KSL from 9:30 to

10:30 o'clock.

Lower Center—One of the brightest daytime

names is "Carol Kennedy."

"Carol"is Gretchen Davidson, who has the title role in "Carol

Kennedy's Romance", heard Monday through Friday at 9:15

a. m.

Lower Right—Comedian Joe Penner makes

millions laugh as the "Blacksheep"son of the very social, but povertystricken Park Avenue

Penners. It's a Nine o'clock Sunday evening feature.

For radio entertainment at its best, set your dial to

THEKSLVOICE OF THE WEST Congratulations to Arizona's Water Projects!

CONGRATULATIONS to Arizona, the mighty Roosevelt Dam AGENTS IN ARIZONA

Federal Irrigation and Power Project and the Salt River ALLEN CAMERON, General Agent

District!Project Agricultural Improvement You and Power

fertile proArizona Office, 502 Title & Trust Bldg., Phoenix of the Southwest a vast section andhave made

gressive. Your Mighty Roosevelt Dam, 70 miles above Phoenix, J. W. Greenhalgh H. L. Peterson

makes possible an irrigation system embracing 242,000 acres Elnora Shupe Gilbert Udall of highly developed agricultural lands in a compact area Henry L. Smith Hollo R. Norton

surrounding the capital city. Your marvelous dams and J. Berry Brown Frihoff N. Allen

water system have resulted in a value of products and inThos. T. Schofield R. M. Johnson

dustries amounting to $493,547,335 over a period of 20 years. Raymond H. Slade B. Franklin Birtcher

Your Salt River Valley has been turned from a desert land Franklin P. Cheney Robert C. Magnusson

to a region of fertile plenitude. Morris D. Riggs

This is one of a series of advertisements in compliment to sections of the west served by Beneficial agents.

The pictures show: top, the mighty Roosevelt Dam and Power plant in Arizona. Below are the date, cotton and citrus farms

mhhmalivein the irrigated district near Phoenix, Arizona, resulting from the extensive water projects.

Home Office- -Beneficial Life Building. Salt Lake City. Utah

HEBER J. GRANT. President