feJW

1836—One Hundred Years gi Temple

Service—193V

, **. IN THIS ISSUE—

PRES. HEBER J. GRANT

: r '% ""\"v> F. RICHARDS;*,,, GEORGE

l JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH "I"MELVIN J. BALLARD

/,jTV: JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Hpfc LOUISE Y. ROBISON

s RUTH FOX MAY J. M. SJODAHLSill4*!;5

": "'"'V '-:. '.'A, F: BENNETT

JAMES M. KIRKHAM

%, R. B. SUMMERHAYS

II Jr\A DDr i\ I Imf iqqI 7 O The Summer Session at the Utah State Agricultural College

visiting Several educaSPECIAL LECTURE AND CLASS WORKtors of recognized scholarship and teaching ability: Dr. Noel Keys of the University of California; Dr.will be added to our resiEDUCATION

dent faculty. A broad and Burton K. Farnsworth, State Department of Education; Principal

varied program will be ofArthur Peterson, Jordan District.

fered during the period in graduate and undergraduBAND: The fifth annual Intermountain High School demonstration

ate courses. band under the direction of Professor A. R. McAllister, of Joliet,

Illinois.

CHORUS: Superior vocal students selected from high schools in the

Intermountain section for a demonstration choral group under the direction of Dr. Hollis Dann of New York University.

PHYSICAL EDUCATION: Glen O. Grant, Director of Recreation, Los Angeles; Paul E. Washke, Oregon University; Bernice Moss, State Department of Education.

COACHING: Two nationally known coaches in Football and

Basketball.

ETHICS: Dr. John A. Widtsoe, formerly president of the Utah

State Agricultural College and the University of Utah.

LITERATURE: Professor Edward Davison, wellknown poet

and critic.

GEOLOGY: Dr. Richard Foster Flint, Yale University; Annual

scenic and scientific expedition to northern and southern parks region under expert supervision.

LECTURE PROGRAM: A diversified and interesting lecture program has been arranged, and this will be one of the features of

the Session.

The Session Begins on June 8 and Continues

For Six Weeks. Registration Fee $20.00

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH G/1

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936 /,

Experienced Management

Complete Financial Facilities Helpful, Friendly Service

provided by First Security Corporation banks are enjoyed and appreciated by thousands of men and women in the intermountain section*

MAY WE SERVE YOU?

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

National Association Salt Lake City

With Branches at FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham, Magna, With Branches at

Park City, Richmond Boise, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding, Hailey,

Idaho Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain

FIRST NATIONAL BANK Home, Nampa, Payette, Pocatello, Preston, Rupert, Shoshone

Salt Lake City With Branches at FIRST SECURITY BANK

Sugarhouse and Tooele Rock Springs, Wyo.

ifiiPMtti

Members of FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

. 193

eres a eason

or The Rapid Progress and Accomplishment of Some Musicians

Those who Study Theory of Music Greatly Increase Their Musical Knowledge

f

Private Instruction in all Branches of Music,

Dramatic Art, and Dancing Given all During the

Year

SUMMER SESSION

JUNE 15th to JULY 25th

Send for Summer School Announcement

McCUNE SCHOOL of MUSIC and ART

TRACY Y. CANNON, Director

200 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing EditorMarba C. Josephson, Improvement

Associate Editor George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

AssociateClarissa A. Beesley, Mgr. APRIL, 1936 Business K Orton Mgr.J. VOLUME 39 NUMBER4

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH""The Glory of God is Intelligence'

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD EJRA

TEACHERS AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. COMING

IN MAY CONTENTS sbditoriats Beginning Life Together Heber J. Grant 198

The House of the Lord John A. Widtsoe 228

cJemple QJeatures All May Be Saved George F. Richards 200

The Mission of the Kirtland Temple Joseph Fielding Smith 204

Progress of the Temples Under the Presidents of the Church 209

As Kirtland Stands Today Melvin J. Ballard 210

President David 0. McKay MarriageThe Growthfor ofEternitythe Temple Index Bureau ArchibaldLouise Y.F. RobisonBennett 218214

A TRIBUTE TO PRESMOTHERS BY and Temples Ruth Youth Fox 224 May

IDENT DAVID APPREMcKAY—AN Presidents 229 Temple CIATION OF MOTHERHOOD0. BY ONE Ancient Temples Sjodahl 230 J. M. OF FIRST THE PRESIDENCY.

(Illustrations: Temple of Solomon, 230; Temple of

Herod, 231; American Temple Ruins, 231234.)

BEGINNING THE "STORY OF OUR Activities in the Missions M. Kirkham 236 James HYMNS"BY D. PYPER. GEORGE THE Temple

the Living Richard Helps B. Summerhays 240 Work How Temple SERIES, FIRST OF THE FOR THE

MOTHER'S MONTH, DAY WILL BE THE of Temple Work Archibald F. Bennett 244

"0 STORY OF ELIZA MY Genealogy—Partner R. SNOWS

FATHER.""IN AND OUT OF BOOKS,"BY DR. cLatteraat/ Saint cJempies

N. A. PEDERSEN, DEAN OF THE Kirtland Temple (Illustrations: Cover, 205, 211) 247

SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES, AND (See also "Temple Features") PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH AT UTAH

STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE. A Nauvoo Temple (Illustrations: 212, 236) 212

DELIGHTFUL JOURNEY INTO THE The Endowment House A. William Lund (Illustrations: 213) 213

OF FINE REALM LITERATURE WITH GOOD AS TRAVELING BOOKS COMLoganSt. GeorgeTempleTemple (Illustrations:(Illustrations:208, 216, 217)222) 217222 PANIONS.

Manti Temple (Illustrations: 223, 243) 223

Salt Lake Temple...(Illustrations: 196, 197, 199, 200, 201, 202, 203,

A DISCUSSION OF SIGNIFICANCE THE 206, 211, 247 215, 216, 225, 226, 237, 238, 241, 242, 243, 244) OF LATTERFROM MOTHERHOOD THE (Illustrations: 227) 227 Temple DAY SAINT POINT OF ANNIE Hawaiian VIEW BY

WELLS CANNON OF THE GENERAL Arizona Temple (Illustrations: 207, 239) 239

BOARD OF (Illustrations: THE NATIONAL WOMAN'S Alberta 235 235) Temple RELIEF SOCIETY.

(Illustrations: Dedicated 247 247) Sites Andrew Jenson

"EXPLORING THE STRATOSPHERE A. WITH CAPTAIN ORVAL ANDERSON,"

C. WEST. THIS IS THE (church QJeatures BY WILBURN

STORY OF THE UTAH BOY WHO TOOK

BALLOON WORLD'S UP Aaronic Priesthood, 248; Ward Teachers'Message, 249; THE LARGEST

TO A NEW ALTITUDE RECORD—TO Mutual Messages: Executives, 250; Adults, 250; Seniors,

THE "CEILING OF THE SKY."250; M Men, 250; Gleaners, 251; Explorers and Scouts,

251; Juniors, 251; BeeHive Girls, 251.

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Street, Salt Lake CJiction, [Poetry, ana miscellaneous 50 North Main

City, Utah The next installment of "Moving Mountains"will appear in the May 1932, Copyrght by the Young Men's Mutual issue of the Era. Improvement

Association Corporation Improvement in a Sacred Place, of the Thoughts 197; And This is April, 251. Latterday Christ Saints. Jesus Church of of

All rights reserved. Subscription price, Our Advertisers., 25

$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for at rate promailing special of postage cJhe Ciover in for vided section October, 1103, of Act of their of Kirtland the restored testimonies Because Temple. the view of

1917, authorized 1918. 2, July WEST spite of Gospel, truthinspired but persecutions in a small and privations, and is responsible not Improvement Era The religious built holy of the the Lord heeded community a house and command for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes

to in Kirtland, County, His Ohio. Lake name will in care exercise and all handling

its historic structure this connection "Historic In with on commenting contributions.

issue of Buildings Architectural Survey,"1936, pubAmerican March, Forumin The lished by Time Inc., says in part: "The workmanship, moldings, carving, etc.,

show unusual skill in execution. Many motives are used in the various parts,

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY varyingprobable inthatoutline,all of thecontourworkmenand design,engaged buton theblendedbuildingharmoniously.were skilled...artisansIt is andnot

MEMBER OF THE FAMILY yetinspiredthe resultas wereis sotheharmoniousbuilders of asthetocathedralsraise the ofquestionold."if they may not have been

THE SALT LAKE TEMPLE AT NIGHT the house of the lo.rd in the tops of the western mountains, built to the glory of god and the salvation of

man. This monument to the cause of Truth and the eternal

permanence of all good things stands witness within the shadow of the everlasting hllls, at the crossroads of the

WEST. See Table of Contents for further references.

::.'::.::::; ':'

in aThoughts SACRED PLACE

FATHER, God of every land, Bless Thou each rough, foiling hand

That to build this Sacred Place

Thought no labor mean or base.

Bless the overflowing heart That bestowed a generous part Of his meagre, scanty share To build this hallowed House of Prayer.

Bless this building; may it grow

More sacred as the seasons flow;

May feet that on its floors have trod

Go treading quiet paths to God.

Bless the strains of reverent praise

That in this House we meekly raise;

May the organ's solemn roll Ennoble and exalt the soul.

May the simple Truth be dear To every heart that worships here;

May Thy true faith all nations span

Through love of God and love of man.

Remain Thou ever near the side

Of those who, called upon to guide

Thy children in the path of right,

Need, most of all, Thy holy light.

Bless the wicked and the proud,

May their hearts be touched and bowed;

Within these precincts may they find

Harmonious union with Thy mind.

Father, God of every land, May we, Thy children, understand,

By Thy heartawakening grace, Thy purpose in this Holy Place.

By LESLIE DERBYSHIRE

EGINNING

LIFE TOGETHER By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

"Example sheds a genial ray Of light, which men are apt to borrow; have waited until some later and seemingly more

So first improve yourself today, convenient time.

And then improve your friends tomorrow."Some years ago the General Board members of

the Young Women's Mutual Improvement AssonpHls VERSE from a hymn, which President Grant ciation were traveling throughout the stakes of *- often quotes, expresses briefly the attitude of Zion speaking on the subject of marriage. They

mind which has been responsible for his long and urged the young people to start their lives together vigorous leadership in Zion; and in speaking of in the right way by being married right, in the

temple service and temple marriage, President Grant temples of the Lord.

so established as does one an who has example I was out in one of the stakes attending a conpatterned after to Latterday worthy be by all

Saints, young and old. As a leader he believes in ference, and one of my daughters, who was the

saying "Come"rather than "Go."For many years, representative of the Young Women's General

in Salt he has has he Lake, been when made grateful said: "I at conference, the Board am very

least to at the night going temple one of a week—a point born, that under the born Lord I was properly as a to married sometimes more. he many When

young man, he traveled far to a house of the Lord the covenant, born of parents that had been propto begin life with his bride in an eternal partnership. erly married and sealed in the temple of the Lord."

President Era,"Grant, Editor Improvement of "The into eyes, her mother because Tears came my counsel offers here the gleaned wise from completed, Salt the before rich died Lake Temple was his life, experience directed to conof own all who template "Beginning Life Together."and I was grateful that I had not listened to the

remarks of my friends who had tried to persuade me not to go to the St. George Temple to be married. I was very grateful for the inspiration and

determination I had to start life right.

shall always be grateful, to the day Why did it come to me? It came to me because

I ofsomemyofdeath,my friendsthat I when,did notas listena youngto myordinancesmother believedof the temple,in the taughtGospel,mebelievedthe valuein theof man not quite twentyone years of age, I took the them, gave me a desire to get all of the benefits of trouble to travel all the way from Utah County to starting life right and of doing things according

St. George to be married in the St. George Temple. to the teachings of the Gospel.

That was before the railroad went south of Utah I believe that no worthy young Latterday Saint

County, and we had to travel the rest of the way man or woman should spare any reasonable effort by team. It was a long and difficult trip in those to come to a house of the Lord to begin life totimes, over unimproved and uncertain roads, and gether. The marriage vows taken in these halthe journey each way required several days. lowed places and the sacred covenants entered into

for time and all eternity are proof against many of Many advised me not to mae the effort—not to

go all the way down to St. George to be married. the temptations of life that tend to break homes

They reasoned that I could have the president of and destroy happiness.

the stake or my bishop marry me, and then when We know that on an average the percentage of the Salt Lake Temple was completed, I could go divorces among those who are married in the temple there with my wife and children and be sealed to is less, because the sacredness of the covenant her and have our children sealed to us for eternity. causes us to overlook little weaknesses in each other

Why did I not listen to them? Because I wanted and put up with shortcomings, and because the to be married for time and eternity—because I everlasting covenant is a constant reminder of

wanted to"start life right. Later I had cause to virtue and chastity and godliness.

rejoice greatly because of my determination to be It has not been at all times and in all places that married in, ->.v<ithe. temple at that time rather than to the Lord has seen fit to bless men and women with

(i COUNCIL ROOM OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY AND THE TWELVE APOSTLES, SALT LAKE TEMPLE (.Copyright by the Trusteein-Trust—All rights reserved.)

temples sacred to Him in which they could begin cause or other, have neglected their opportunities.

life together under the everlasting covenant. DurThe blessings and promises that come from being many centuries of recorded time, no sanctified ginning life together, for time and eternity, in a

temples were available. In most lands this is true temple of the Lord, cannot be obtained in any other

even today after a century of temple building. But way and worthy young Latterday Saint men and

the fact that many have not been and are not now women who so begin life together find that their privileged to enter the marriage covenant for time eternal partnership under the everlasting covenant and eternity in a temple of the Lord will by no becomes the foundation upon which are built peace, means serve as an acceptable excuse for those happiness, virtue, love, and all of the other eternal who could have done so, but who, for some verities of life, here and hereafter.

COUNCIL ROOM OF THE TWELVE APOSTLES, SALT LAKE TEMPLE (Copyright by the Trusteein-Trust—All rights reserved.)

LL MAY

SAVED By GEORGE F. RICHARDS

Of the Council of the Twelve President of the Salt Lake Temple

recommends from their presiding officers who certify to their worthiness. Many thousands of members

of the Church go to these temples during the year, their recommends expiring at the end of the year, some going to receive their own blessings, and others to do work for the dead. A person must have received his own blessings before he

can act for the dead. The dead who

in life attained eight years of age or more and died without baptism are entitled to receive by proxy both baptism and endowments. It requires from three to four hours for

MONBRIGHAM YOUNG the to be taken through a company

UMENT AND in each one SALT temple for endowments, SPIRES, LAKE TEMPLE

SILHOUETTED AGAINST the company representing one dead

THE NIGHT SKY. person, men representing men, and

women representing women. Children born previous to the time of the

sealing of their parents as husband of Zion, and for the glory, honor, and enand wife are sealed to their parents.

dowment of all her municipals, are ordained A great many attendants, recordby the ordinance of my holy house, which ers, and other workers are required build to commanded are always people Saint temples are my this important to work.Latterday carry on

holy name. unto my of the Lord. built by command of faithful womHundreds men and this let unto you, verily I say "And

They are not intended to be house be built unto my name, that I may en of the Church give their services, used as auditoriums in which to hold reveal mine ordinances therein unto my as missionary work, without moneunto to reveal deign my for I people; to large their consideration,public or to lecture while meetings and hid tary kept been things have which church fact to the as strangers a sameaudiences, has from day to day work world, of the foundation the from before

might suppose, but for the performthings which pertain to the fulness of ness, they, as a rule, are untiring and ance of special sacred ordinances. times."happy in it. Temple work is desIn a revelation given to the ProThe Church has completed and tined to continue as long as there

phet Joseph Smith at Nauvoo, Ildedicated nine temples in order as are souls to be saved.

linois, January 19, 1841, the Lord follows There is no work of more imindicated some of the purposes for Kirtland Temple, March 27, 1836. portance in which men and women

building temples to His name. ReNauvoo Temple, May 1, 1846. may engage than temple work, either

corded in the Doctrine and CoveSt. George Temple, April 6, 1877. to themselves or for others. The

nants 124:3841, we read as folLogan Temple, May 17, 1884. Prophet Joseph Smith has left on

lows: Manti Temple, May 21, 1888. record a saying which verifies this

\ "For, for this cause I commanded Moses Salt Lake Temple, April 6, 1893. statement, as follows:

they that tabernacle,'that build should a he in this responsibility greatest world "The 1919. Temple, Nov. 27, Hawaiian

it wilderness, in the withshould them bear after seek that has laid upon us is to God 1923. 26, August Alberta Temple, promise, in land of the;and build to a house our dead."

1927. 23, revealed October might Temple,:that ordinances be Arizona those in the Doctrine read and We the before world hid from beenwhich had first these of the All except two 18, verse Section 128, Covenants, I you, verily unto say;was. Therefore, present at in the are use temples follows: as washings, anointings, your and that your

and your baptisms for the dead, and your time. They are regarded by the "It is sufficient to know in this case

solemn assemblies, and your memorials for Latterday Saints as the most sacred that the earth will be smitten with a curse your sacrifices by the sons of Levi, and and holy places on earth. unless there is a welding link of some kind

in most holy places your your oracles conversations, receive and Not all members of the Church ordrenotheruponbetweensome subjectthe fathersor other,and theand chilbe-wherein you.your statutes, and judgments for the beare admitted to the temples. Those hold what is that subject? It is the baptism

ginning of the revelations and foundation who are worthy are admitted by for the dead; for we without them cannot

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

be made perfect, neither can they without work, and in both is seen the spirit us be made perfect."of Elijah.

The Gospel of Jesus Christ is the ()N the 3rd of April, 1836, a verprescribed law by which all men are itable Pentecost was had in the to be judged and by it to be conKirtland Temple. It was on that demned or justified according to

occasion that Elijah the Prophet merit. Justice demands, therefore,

appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver that all men shall have the privilege

Cowdery and conferred the keys of learning and of receiving or reof the turning of the hearts of the jecting the Gospel and its ordifathers to their children, and the nances. God has graciously made

hearts of the children to their provision through the Gospel that fathers, saying: the "Therefore, in case. such shall read be the We of this dispensationkeys are comlaw, until the 5:13: "For Romans

mitted into your hands; and by this sin was in the world; but sin is not

ye may know that the great and imputed when there is no law."And

dreadful day of the Lord is near, in // Nephi 9:25, we read as foleven at your doors."From that GEORGE F. RICHARDS lows: "Wherefore, he has given a

time, the spirit of Elijah moved upon law; and where there is no law given

the hearts and minds of men and Tn this article Elder George F. Richthere is no punishment; and where

women throughout the world, caus- * acds, a member of the Council of there is no punishment there is no ing them to seek after their dead the Twelve, and President of the condemnation; and where there is

briefly Salt scans Lake Temple,ancestors genealogical research by the the mercies of condemnation the no first hunaccomplishments one of the histories. familyand to make Genclaim have Holy upon One of Israel this in years dred work of temple

ealogical libraries sprang up in large dispensation. Herein the author inthem, because of the atonement; for

numbers in this and other countries. vites particular attention to the signithey are delivered by the power of

truth that "All May Saints Latterday access ficant haveThe Be him."

living the the dead, both Saved,"and librariesto these in their genealogThose who have died without Scripwork. ordinance by temple

ical search for their kindred dead. tural citations, both ancient and modhaving heard the Gospel taught will

The Church has established a ern, are called in review to clarify have it taught to them in the spirit genealogical library in Salt Lake theto bepurposesbuilt andforusedwhichand templesthe obligaare world. The ordinances necessary

City where thousands of volumes of tions of all men in the fulfillment of to their salvation will be adminisgenealogical histories are made acthose purposes. "It should be retered to them vicariously in the temcessible to the Saints. Genealogical membered by all members of the ples of the Lord, which are built

responsibility that the doof for that purpose. This temple workresearch temple and work work genealogical go Church,ing temple for and work

trefor is carried on at a the dead certain since hand,hand in and living devolves the the dead upon genealogical data concerning the relatives of the deceased, and that mendous cost to the Church and to dead by which they may'be indentiresponsibility is very great."its members both in money and effied are necessary before temple fort.

work can be done for them, it follows WEST VIEW, TERRESTRIAL ROOM, The Gospel to be preached in that the genealogical work is on a SALT(CopyrightLAKE byTEMPLEthe Trusteein-Trust. the spirit world and its ordinances to

par in importance with the temple AH rights reserved.) be administered for the dead here

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

EAST VIEW, TERRESTRIAL ROOM, SALT LAKE TEMPLE by the Trusteein-Trust. died law; without also are they and whoin are the flesh not new doctrines rights reserved.) spirits of in the prison, the kept men whom scriptures. of thereaders We readto All(Co'pyright visited, the gospel preached unto and Son

in/Perer3:1819: "For Christ also and by the spirit are here made, by them, that they might be judged according

hath once suffered for sins, the just the Savior, a condition necessary to to men in the flesh; who received not the

for unjust, that the bring might he salvation. man's also are So all the wardtestimonyreceivedof Jesusit."in the flesh, but aftertous the to being death in put God, ordinances of the Gospel adminflesh, but quickened by the Spirit; istered in the temples of the Lord. The people of Noah's time of

also and preachedby which he went ask: the about One might how bebeen speaking, have we milwhom

Spirits in prison."theunto Also lions have and of men women who their cause of wickedness and their

/ Peter 4:6, "For, for this cause was died never having known of the rejection of the Gospel, suffered

the Gospel preached also to them Gospel? The answer is simple: the death by a flood, and a spiritual imthat are dead, that they might be Gospel is to be preached to them in prisonment for centuries, and are

judged according to men in the flesh, the spirit, and the ordinances are to finally denied place in the Celestial but live according to God in the be administered unto them by their kingdom, even though they receive spirit."relatives or others here on earth by the testimony of Jesus while in the

Dummelow's Commentary on the proxy in the temples of the Lord. spirit.

Bible, page 1046, commenting on These ordinances when administered Following is a statement of the / Peter 3:1820 says: "The whole for the dead become effective for Gospel ordinances administered in

clearly that Christpassage their salvation only after means they to have the temples of the Church down spirit.as to certain a Spirit, in the spirits accepted preached the Gospel including the 31, 1935, December

that applies class to the disobedient to been This hadwho done of spirwork in the Endowment House life. its their earthly did not opportunityend of an have This who in earlier days.

preaching took place between his of receiving the Gospel while in life death and resurrection, and its purand whose lives merit salvation and Baptism:

living the 37,062 For that hearing the Gospel celestial of menpose was by glory. With spirits

9,740,433 For the dead like the Antediluviansthese might an opportunity have men who lived in Endowments:

of repentance."the days of Noah, and rejected his For the living 275,362

For the dead 7,104,659 of the Gospel, message and whoTt is evident from the scriptures it Ordinations gave themselves wickedness, unto living the that the administration of 3,437 Gospel Of is different. receive they Should the 3,021,797 dead Of ordinances for the proxy dead by spirit, of the testimony in the Jesus sealed: Couples in practiced understoodwas and

... Living 136,514 they only unto the Termay attain

the Primitive Church as will be seen restrial kingdom and glory. This Dead 1,305,612

referring to sealed to Children parents: / Corinthians 15:29,by in principle is explained the DocLiving 116,272 shall are"Else they which do what trine 76:7174, Covenants and 2,156,648 Dead if for the thebaptized dead, dead

to foster as follows: parents Children reads adopted whichrise not at all? Why are they then "And again, we saw the terrestrial world, Living 2,338

baptized for the dead?"and behold and lo, these are they who are Dead 13,923

Jesus said, John 3:5, "Except a of the terrestrial, whose glory differs from Sundry other ordinances:

man be born of water and of the thatreceivedof thethechurchfulnessof theof theFirstbornFather,whoevenhaveas LivingDead. 14,7776,208

spirit, he cannot enter into the kingthat of the moon differs from the sun in the dom of God."Baptism by water firmament. Behold, these are they who Total 23,935,044

1HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

ealogical research and temple work.

The increased patronage of the people has made it necessary from time to time to increase the capacity of the temples by new construction work, modification of the old, or change of arrangements. Much of

this kind of work involving a large expenditure of Church funds has been accomplished during the past year.

It should be to a 1 1 Latter - day Saints clear that the responsibility of EAST VIEW CELESTIAL ROOM, SALT LAKE TEMPLE doing genealogical

A very small percentage of the All(Co'pyrightrights reserved.)by the Trusteein-Trust. for the dead devolvesand templeupon worktheir

living in baptisms ordinations and descendants, living relatives, the and five held each on day days of each in the are performed the Church that is the responsibility great. very week. a has been There correspondtemples. It should be that the remembered ing in increase orof other numbers greater the responsibility, the greater to ordination Only men receive dinances performed. other The the satisfaction acand blessing Priesthood,the and all men receivtemples have growth made a similar

ing endowments, must first be orin sessions held and ordinances percruing therefrom when faithfully dained to the Melchizedek Priestformed. discharged; and a correspondingly

hood whether for the living or the The Genealogical Society of Utah neglect.great condemnation will follow itsdead. has done much, and perhaps the

justly proud, be exand We may part, in major the stimulation of the these temples maintain seven To grateful ceedingly for has been what the people both in among genin the of the such work work, carrying on accomplished the Church by and as reported above, costs the Church WEST VIEW, CELESTIAL ROOM, SALT LAKE TEMPLE its faithful members during the first (Co'pyrightfrom one hundred seventyfive to two by the Trusteein-Trust. century of temple work.

All rights reserved.)

hundred thousand dollars each year.

The cost to members in time and money in their genealogical research and temple work is inestimable.

piE GROWTH Of the work in the temples has been much more rapid of recent years than formerly.

For many years after the Salt Lake Temple was dedicated, but one session of endowments was held each day, and but three days each week. At present

six sessions are The mission of the kirtland temple By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH vital principle of the Gospel Of the Council of the Twelve is the building of temples Church Historian and President of the Genealogical Society of Utah and the performance of ordi-A nances therein pertaining to the sal- "Like the Temple of Herod and those which sucvation and exaltation of both the ceeded THAT GRAND STRUCTURE IN JERUSALEM, THE KlRTLAND living and the dead. A temple is Temple was polluted and ceased to be a sanctuary to the

not a house designed for public worname of the lord. but though its day as a holy house of

ship, like a cathedral, chapel, meetGod was short, yet that day was glorious while it lasted, inghouse, or synagogue; neither for in it the Savior appeared and the keys of dispensations

do the congregations of the people were revealed in preparation for the complete salvation assemble in temples to receive genof all who will receive the truth."the author.

eral instruction. A temple is a holy

sanctuary built to the name of the

Lord. Sinai a temple and there gave to

The Latin Templum and the HeMoses the Gospel and the Law.

brew Beth El have virtually the The brother of Jared talked with same meaning The House of the Jesus upon the mountain top, and

Lord. When Jacob was fleeing there received a revelation greater

from his enraged brother, he tarried than any other man had received at a certain place called Luz. Here before that day. Jesus took Peter,

he took some stones for a pillow James, and John upon the mountain and lay down to sleep. In the night where they were visited by Moses

the Almighty appeared to him and and Elias who gave them the keys of renewed upon him the promises the kingdom. In this vision they

made to Abraham. So greatly was also saw the earth as it will be transJacob impressed that when he arose figured after it is cleansed from all

he set up the stones as a monument iniquity.

El, the called placeand beBeth If the temple not in Jerusalem had is in thiscause said he, Lord "The polluted JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH been wicked and defiled by this gate is the to heaplace, and priests Christ then have would Tern-'Kirtland Mission of theven."called the place The '"Phe So he taken Peter, James, and John there position the * pie and the of

House of God. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday to give them the wonderful maniseveral the respect Saints with to festation obliged they which were first built the temples were When

that disaffected broke groups away top. to receive the mountain upon limiof because the do notwe know history the earlier during of built temple in Jerusalem was the Thetations history. of sanctuSacred forfeited thereby Restoration and

aries may have been built by the intheir authority and Priesthood, have to the name of God, yet when His spired patriarchs before the flood. long been matters of special interest Son came to it He was rejected.

Fielding as Elder Smith Joseph driven of Master the house a The was this this true or not, beWhether the the Council of we tomember of that to ceased be a house out and the ordiprinciplesknow, that and Historian, as as Twelve, and Church nances of the Gospel were the same a genealogist and vigorous champion temple of the Living God.

then as now; and all men who seek of temple work. On these and reJoseph Smith received his first

written author has subjects the latedeternal life are required to receive published and books pamvision in a grove which became and many the same covenants and obligations. phlets including "The Origin of the sacred through the consecrated presThe Lord has revealed that, under Reorganized Church and Question of ence of the Father and the Son.

conditions of poverty and at times Succession,""Elijah the Prophet and Moroni came to Joseph Smith first when a sacred sanctuary to His Hisvs. SalvationMission,"for"Reorganizedthe Dead,""SalvaChurch at his bedside and later at the Hill

name cannot be had, He will reveal tion Universal,""Blood Atonement,"Cumorah once each year for four

His purposes in the wilderness, a "The Smiths of Topsfield,""The years at an appointed time. This

selected grove, or on the mountain Way to Perfection,"and others. His Hill became a sanctuary and depositop. The Lord made the top of the "Essentialsselling out severalof Churcheditions,History"continuesafter tory for sacred things centuries beMount Simeon a sanctuary and to be one of the most widely used fore when Moroni hid up the records

there appeared to Enoch who saw brief reference works in the Church. of his people. It became, like Jacob's

Him face to face. From this holy In this brief article Joseph Fielding altar, a House of God, and there

the brings readers to "Era"Smith Smith received instructionsmountain Enoch Joseph the world for saw historical his persistent and benefit of generations. from Moroni.the space of many It doctrinal research the fervor and of

was upon the top of a high mountain his unshakeable convictions and lovJohn the Baptist and Peter, James, that Moses talked with the Lord able testimony of the Gospel cause. and John came in the wilderness to

face to face. The Lord made of bestow their keys. All of these

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936 visitations and many more unmenerected to His Holy Name. We tabernacle set up in the wilderness

tioned which were given to the may safely say that none of these shortly after Israel came out of prophets down the ages were given things would have occurred in that Egypt. This was called the tent of

in this manner, in a grove, a wildermanner had there been a temple the congregation, or tabernacle. As

ness, or on a mountain top, because upon the earth in which the holy soon as the Israelites were able the at the required time for such a visitaordinances could have been adminLord required of them the erection tion there was no house of the Lord istered. of a better tabernacle. It was a

The first sanctuary of which we portable structure, but embellished

KIRTLAND TEMPLE FACADE have any record was the provisional with all that Israel could give for the purpose and served them as a temple in the wilderness, and after v< they were located in the land of promise, down to the days of Solomon. It was to this temple that

Hannah came to pray and make her vow to give her child of promise unto the Lord.

King David desired to build a better building than this portable sanctuary but was denied that privilege because he was a man of blood.

Solomon when he came to the throne was authorized by revelation to build the House of the Lord. With

gold and silver through excessive taxation of the people a most ornate building was the result. The Lord

accepted the house as His by divine manifestation, and in it the ordinances peculiar to such a structure, including the laws of sacrifice practiced before the time of Christ, were performed.

In course of time Israel rebelled and turned from the worship of the

Lord and their house was desecrated and stripped of all its precious things and was partly destroyed. After

the return of the Jews from Babylon, under the edict of Cyrus, Jerusalem and the temple were rebuilt. This

temple was called the Temple of

Zerubbabel. Again the Jews had a

sacred sanctuary, but it was not long until again they fell into forbidden paths and again their temple was polluted and destroyed.

Shortly before the birth of our

Lord there came a rebuilding of the temple. This building continued

piecemeal until after the death of

Christ and far exceeded the other structures upon the same spot in extent and ornamentation. It was

at this temple that Christ instructed the people and from which he drove the money changers. In the year

70 A. D. this temple was destroyed

by the Romans so that not one stone remained upon another, fulfilling the prophecy of our Redeemer, and from that time on there was no holy sanctuary among the Jews.

The Nephites built temples and worshiped in them until about 200

A. D. when they too fell into apostasy and there remained on the earth

no sanctuary recognized of the Lord to which He could come.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

ASSEMBLY ROOM IN THE

SALT LAKE TEMPLE ANNEX inTrust—All(Copyright by therightsTrusteereserved.)

I shall will thence, from whosoever "And thatTt months a few brief only was I may pour out my Spirit upon it shall forth all nations, be and among after of the organization 95:4. all flesh,"—D.SC. I a for the gotold shall do; they them what have

Church when the doctrine of temple great work laid up in store, for Israel shall It is doubtful if the leading Elders building and ceremonial ordinances be saved, and I will lead them whitherrealized the importance of making therein was partly revealed. The soever I will, and no power shall stay my haste and the urgent necessity for

Saints were told that there should hand."—D. 6. C. 38:32, 33. the bestowal of keys so that they

stand a sacred house of the Lord in In May 1833, the Lord gave by could go forth with greater power

Jackson County, Missouri. The site revelation the dimensions of this to preach among the nations of the

was selected and dedicated, but behouse. It was to be "fiftyfive by earth. Nevertheless, following this

cause of the hatred and open hossixty-five feet in the width thereof rebuke they went to with their might tility of the people in that land, no and in the length thereof, in the to complete the sanctuary. A build-

: 1 1. There ing committee consisting of Reytemple was built there, although inner court."—D. & C. 94

that day will come in the due time of were to be a lower court and upper nolds Cahoon, Jared Carter and Hythe Lord. court, and the building was to be rum Smith, was appointed and these

The first temple erected in this dedicated "from the foundation brethren proceeded at once to erect dispensation was at Kirtland, Ohio. thereof,"according to the order of the temple.

December 27, 1832, the Lord comthe Priesthood. The Lord also said: June 5, 1833; George A. Smith

manded that a house be built there, "And ye shall not suffer any unclean hauled the first load of stone for "even a house of prayer, a house of thing to come into it; and my glory the temple and Hyrum Smith and

fasting, a house of faith, a house of shall be there, and my presence Reynolds Cahoon commenced diglearning, a house of glory, a house shall be there. But if there shall ging the trench for the walls and

of order, a house of God."—D. & C. come into it any unclean thing, my finished the same with their own

88: 1 1 9. It was further stated in the glory shall not be there; and my hands. July 23, 1833, the same day

revelations that the Lord had keys presence shall not come into it."D, that the Saints were murderously

and endowments to bestow upon & C. 94:8, 9. driven from their homes in Jackson

His Elders requiring the building of June 1, 1 833, the Lord rebuked the County, the corner stones of the such a house. Saints for inactivity; the necessity temple were laid. The work proIn December, 1830, the Lord gave for such a building was urgent and gressed rapidly from that time on.

commandment that the Saints move the Lord said: "For ye have sinned Be it remembered that the Saints

their headquarters from the state of against me a very grievous sin, in were at that time few in number and

New York to "the Ohio."One that ye have not considered the very poor, yet they were called upon

reason given for this change of locagreat commandment in all things, to make almost superhuman efforts tion was that the Lord desired to that I have given unto you concernto erect a building to the name of law.give to His the Church Morethe of His Lord which worthy was ing the building of mine house."—D. desired theover, to endow the In of time course He name. due 95:3. again & C. And He endeavEldership of the Church. The Lord ored to impress upon the Church edifice was completed. The time

said in a subsequent revelation given the necessity for such a building, for the dedication was set for the in January 1831 for in it were to be given keys "for 27th day of March, 1836.

"Wherefore, for this cause I gave unto the preparation wherewith I design The dimensions of the temple that the ye should commandmentyou go to prepare mine apostles to prune were eighty feet by fiftynine feet will giveto the and there I Ohio; unto you

my law; and there you shall be endowed my vineyard for the last time, that and the walls fifty feet high. There

with power from on high; I may bring to pass my strange act, was a tower one hundred and ten

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

feet. The two main halls, "the vealed and Joseph Smith, Senior, ever, after the dedication of the

lower and the upper courts,"were ordained the first Patriarch in the temple. At that time all the Elders

in keeping with the dimensions Church. On this occasion the Prowho were out preaching the Gospel

given in the revelation. The buildphet Joseph Smith said: "Blessed were ordered to come to Kirtland to

ing had four vestries in front, and of the Lord is my father, and also receive their endowment. The Lord

five rooms in the attic, which were my mother, and my brothers and my said in June 1834: "Verily I say

used for school purposes and for the sisters; for they shall yet find reunto you, it is expedient in me that

quorums of the Priesthood. demption in the house of the Lord the first elders of my church should

At each end of the main audiand their offspring shall be a blessreceive their endowment from on torium there were four rows of puling, a joy, and a comfort to them."high in my house, which I have

pits one above another. At the east This blessing given by the Prophet commanded to be built unto my

end the pulpits were for the Melto members of his father's family, name in the land of Kirtland."For

chizedek Priesthood and at the west was indicative of the blessings which this reason they were assembled at for the Aaronic. It was so conwere in store for all who receive Kirtland at the dedication.

structed that veils or curtains could covenants and obligations pertaining This prophetic utterance about be lowered thus dividing the audito salvation in this house of the the Elders obtaining an endowment torium into four compartments or Lord. in the temple at Kirtland is of double

rooms for special and separate serIn January 1 836, over two months meaning. First, there were to come

vices. before the dedication, the first cerefrom on high essential blessings for

At the dedication there were given monies of endowment were given in the Saints, which up to that time had to the Saints some wonderful manithe temple. They were not as comnot been revealed. Second, the

festations. The house was filled plete as are the ceremonies today, Elders were to receive greater powwith heavenly beings, which were but nevertheless, it was the beginers that they might be better qualiseen only by a part of the congreganing of the revealing and bestowing fied to teach. It was made known

tion. Some had the privilege of a of the heavenly blessings in this disby many manifestations of divine

vision of the Savior. The spirit of pensation. Washings and anointings power at the dedication that the

prophecy rested upon a number of were given, and the Prophet saw temple had been accepted as the the leading brethren and it was a wonderful visions of the Celestial house of the Lord, but the greatest feast of Pentecost to all who were kingdom. It was on this occasion manifestations of which we have

assembled there. The prayer of that the following revelation was record, came one week later on the

dedication was given to the Prophet received: Sabbath day—April 3, 1836. On

Joseph Smith by revelation and is "All who have died without a knowledge this occasion Joseph Smith and found as Section 109 in the Docof this Gospel, who would have received it Oliver Cowdery retired behind one if shall tarry, permitted to they been had pulpit of there near the veils the andtrine Covenants. and

celestial of heirs the of be God; kingdom

in prayer. imsolemn engaged So all shall die that also without henceforth temple"\TU rHiLE the at Kirtland was

folevent the portant which it, was received of have a knowledge would who in course of construction and it all heirs it of their shall hearts, with in detail be that given can be lowed as soon as provisions would allow, that kingdom, for I, the Lord, will judge all from the revelation:

sections, the building of were according to their works, according to used men veil minds, taken from our and "The was hearts."the desire of their instructionfor class for other and understanding the opened. of our eyes were

purposes. Ordinances were revealThe Prophet also saw that "all "We saw the Lord standing upon the

ed and important revelations perchildren who die before they arrive breastwork of the pulpit, before us; and

taining to the restoration were given at the years of accountability, are under his feet was a paved work of pure before the temple was dedicated. saved in the celestial kingdom of gold, in color like amber.

It was in December of 1833, that heaven."The greater manifestaEXTERIORPLE AND VIEWTEMPLEOF THEGROUNDSARIZONAAT TEMTHE

the Patriarchal Priesthood was retions and endowment came, howTIME OF DEDICATION, OCTOBER 1927

THEIMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

"His eyes were as a flame of fire; the there is no temple that authorities complete consummation of the work

like his hair of the pure head was white the are bestowed by heavenly messenof the Lord? Is not the great and his snow; countenance shone above

brightness of the sun; and his voice was as gers in any other place. Therefore, dreadful day of the Lord very near

the sound of the rushing of great waters, the great mission of the Kirtland our doors? What else by way of

even the voice of Jehovah, saying: Temple was to give to the Saints authority for the salvation of man

first the the last; and he "I am I am built to to who a the is of sanctuary revealed? Is not the fulness be the name

I liveth, slain; your he was who am I am

of could the here? where Lord and come Gospel He advocate Father. the with

"Behold, your sins are forgiven you; you where He could send His servants

are clean before me; therefore, lift up your with keys of former dispensations. HThe Kirtland Temple holds a

heads and rejoice. Malachi said the Lord would sudpeculiar place in the annals of

rejoice, hearts the brethren of "Let your building. like other It is not to temple. In denly His come 1830 temple let all hearts rejoice, the of and people my for primarily temples. It was built our Savior (Doc. Cov. and 36:8) their this built have, with might, housewho

to my name. said He would come suddenly to His the restoration of keys of authority.

this behold, "For house, have accepted In the receiving of these keys the for temple. coming a That was

I will here; and be and name Ishall my is fulness ordinances of Gospel definite to restore to purpose: keys; manifest to in myself people mercy my of salvation revealed. keys The Levi; the to prepare sons of in purge this house.

"Yea, I will appear unto my servants, for the offering of Judah when the and exaltation for both the living and unto speak voice, its with them mine own within the given and dead were will their incleansed of be Jews if will people keep my commandments, my such walls. sacred iquity, refiner An endowment, to as a and be and thisand pollute not do house. holy

at as the time, necessary was was to salvation bringing all men "Yea, hearts tens purifier the of thousands and of thousands shall greatly rejoice in consewho will obey His voice. also given. This was not as comquence of the blessings which shall be It is true that many even of the plete as the endowment later repoured out, and the endowment with which vealed.

my servants have been endowed in this In the Kirtland Temple there washouse.

"And the fame of this house shall spread no provision made for the salvation to foreign lands; and this is the beginning of the dead. It had no baptismal

of the blessings which shall be poured out font, for it was only a preparatory ofupon the heads my people. Even so temple. It. had no provision for the 110:1-10.Amen."—D. & C.

endowment ordinances which were \X/e do not know how many of the later revealed. It was a temple,

ancient prophets appeared at however, and fully answered the this time, but we do know that the purpose of its creation.

house was built primarily for the The Kirtland Temple filled its restoration of keys held by the anmission shortly after the time of its cient prophets, which had not aldedication. The Lord revealed line

ready been restored. However, upon line and precept upon precept

following the appearing of the in relation to the eternal exaltation

Savior there came first, Moses holdof his children. When the knowling the keys of the gathering of edge in the fulness came, it was

Israel from the four parts of the essential that other temples be earth and the gathering of the ten erected with the facilities for that tribes from the north. Then there perfection which the Kirtland Temappeared Elias who held the keys of ple lacked. The Nauvoo Temple

the Gospel in the days of Abraham. LOGAN TEMPLE TOWER AT NIGHT was built according to the perfected

This was followed by the vision of pattern as it was revealed to the

Elijah with the keys of the sealing Latterday Saints are looking forth Prophet Joseph Smith.

power, by which the hearts of the to that coming of our Lord. Let us Like the Temple of Solomon and

fathers are turned to the children stop and reflect a moment. Has those which succeeded that grand;

and the hearts of the children to the Lord not come already suddenly structure in Jerusalem, the Kirtland their fathers. to His temple to bring about these Temple was polluted and ceased to

The promise had been made glorious purposes? Christ appeared be a sanctuary to the name of the

through Malachi and was now resuddenly in this temple. Then He Lord. Even today, if it had repeated by Elijah, that these keys sent Moses with the keys for the mained undefiled it could hardly be

were restored so that the earth gathering of Israel. Since Moses used for the performance of the

should not be smitten with a curse at established Aaron and the Levites in essential ordinances which are rethe coming of the great and dreadful their Priesthood, do not these keys ceived in temples, for it was not day of the Lord, which we were to also confer the power in this disbuilt for them. Though its day as

know, from the restoration of His pensation for the purging of Levi a sacred and holy house of God was

Priesthood, was near—even at our and Judah that they may offer an short, yet that day was glorious

doors. offering in righteousness? while it lasted. In it the Savior apAll the prophets, according to Do not the keys held by Elias peared and the keys of dispensathe testimony of Peter and Paul, confer all that "was held by Abrations were revealed in preparation

since the world began, testified of ham? Do not the keys held by for the complete salvation and exalthe restitution of all things in the Elijah grant to the Church all the tation of all who will receive the

Dispensation of the Fulness of power of sealing authority? Is it truth.

Times. As previously pointed out, not a fact that either in this temple, Today that temple stands in the

the proper place for such keys to or in some other consecrated spot, place of an ordinary meetinghouse be restored is in a temple and it is all the keys of all the prophets since and in the hands of those who know only during the time of poverty and the world began have now been relittle, if anything, of the sacred orwhen expediency demands and vealed and restored to earth for the dinances for which temples are built.

PROGRESS OF THE TEMPLES UNDER THE PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH

1. JOSEPH SMITH—First Elder, 18301832; President, administration church the first

the to 18321844—Underrevelations pertaining major temple building and

temple service were given. The temple site at Independence, Jackson County, Missouri, was dedicated August 3, 1831. The cornerstones of the Kirtland Temple

were laid July 23, 1833. The Kirtland Temple was

dedicated March 27, 1836, the first temple of the Lord in this dispensation. The cornerstones were laid for

a temple at Far West, July 4, 1838. The cornerstones

of the Nauvoo Temple were laid April 6, 1841, and the walls were completed up to the windows of the first story by the time of the Prophet's martyrdom, June 27, 1844. officer as presiding 2. BRIGHAM

18471877. President of the YOUNG—RecognizedTwelve, 18441847; President,

Under his leadership the Nauvoo Temple was completed and finally dedicated May 1, 1846. The Salt Lake

Temple site was dedicated February 14, 1853, and actual construction work begun approximately two months later and continued throughout the second church administration. The building of the Endowment House was begun

in April, 1854, and the structure was dedicated May 5, 1855. The St. George temple site was dedicated November 9, 1871, and the St. George Temple was dedicated

April 6, 1877. The temple site in Manti was dedicated

April 25, 1877. The temple site in Logan was dedicated

May 18, 1877. Two temples and the Endowment House

were completed, and four temples begun during Brigham

Young's leadership.

officer presiding as 3. JOHN

President 1880ofTAYLOR—Recognizedthe Twelve, 18771880; President

1887. During his years as first officer of the Church

the Logan Temple was dedicated May 17, 1884, and progress was continued on the building of the Salt

Lake Temple.

ofpresiding 4. WILFORD WOODRUFF—Recognized

ficer as President of the Twelve, 18871889; President,

18891898. Under his leadership the Manti Temple was

dedicated, May 21, 1888. Work on the Salt Lake Temple

was followed to completion, and dedicated April 6, 1893, after forty years ofbuilding.

5. LORENZO SNOW—President, 18981901. Under

President Snow's brief administration no additional temple building was begun, but President Snow had been active in consummating previous dedications, had actually presided at the Manti dedication and had served as first president of the Salt Lake Temple.

6. JOSEPH F. SMITH—President, 19011918. Under

his administration the temple site at Cardston, Alberta,

Canada, was dedicated July 27, 1913. The temple site

at Laie, Oahu, Hawaii, was dedicated June 1, 1915.

The work of both of these temples was pushed forward during the remainder of President Joseph F. Smith's

administration, and he had also served as second president of the Salt Lake Temple.

7. HEBER J. GRANT—President since 1918. Under

President Grant's administration the Hawaiian Temple was completed and dedicated November 27, 1919. The

temple site at Mesa, Arizona, was dedicated November 28, 1921. The Alberta Temple was dedicated August

26, 1923. The completed Arizona Temple was dedicated

October 23, 1927. Thus far during the present administration three temples have been completed and dedicated,

one of which was begun during the administration of

President Grant.

As KlRTLAND STANDS TODAY

the 19th of July, 1935, it through my privilege,ONwas of the the kindness presiMELVIN J. BALLARD

dency of the Reorganized Church, Of the Council of the Twelve to speak at a meeting held in the

Kirtland Temple in the presence of about one hundred of our Church members who were on an excursion to the dedication of the monument tion until it was regarded as a sign at the Hill Cumorah and other places of safe passage if there was a Morand some fifty members of the Remon company on board the vessels, organized Church who were preslong before the time of the steament at these services. ship. The marvelous power of God

J. BALLARD that attended the Saints in their On that occasion I expressed my MELVIN

very great joy that the owners of pilgrimage across the plains when the property, the Reorganized they were driven from their earlier it into a wilderness homes where article describes this author the Tn it in keepingChurch, were such an * visit to Kirtland, recent not possible for to during thought was a man itexcellent that condition is clean so in the Kirtland preached he which live, is evidence a further of the all well preserved,and and above num.'congregation a before Temple protection divine the of Almightythings that they provided have bering about hundred a members of

against the possibility of this buildthe Church of Jesus Christ of Latter* and that Moses actually did deliver these authority of keys that the Saints and fifty members day some and fire.ing's being destroyed by

the Reorganized of Church. Here favor of the attended has work God I also expressed as being myself Ballard substance Elder the sketches in started the assembling the of inhe hisextremely that occasion, anxious that building the remarks on of the into Saints places very appointed viting attention tanto subsequentshall for years be preserved many for foreLord, the as them by gible evidences that the Savior andto it is shrine because sacred a come

Elijah other heavenly and Moses in and his utterances the of shadowedbuilt for special a purpose comby deliver did messengers appear and prophets. ancient

mandment of the Lord, to provide a the keys of authority vital to the place where He might send His work of the Lord in the Dispensation By reason of having these keys the Times. Fulness author of authority of sent The of the Prophet Aposservants of with the authority keys

invites attention further to the fact tle to the land of PalOrson Hydethat lost to long been had man to that while building, others the hold estine long before contemplated men delivered to againbe once the Kirtkeys. the mankind. holds Church As

Scarcely a week after the dedicasacredland standsmemory,todaya religiousit is a monument,shrine, buta atrebuildingall the Jerusalem.possibility ofThesethe Jews'keys

tion the Kirtland the of Temple it is in except longer name, a no in of authority the exercised were in visitarealizedpromise the Its the was temple Lord. use as such of it in of blessing that preparing land

its since long ceased; has purpose astion of of the of the Savior world, for the return the of That Jew. accomplished. temple has been a for authority of with keysMoses this in witness of the which age we

the gathering of Israel and of Elijah transformation that is taking place thatwith hearts the the turned keys in that of land reason the by new visit his in since the years great the fathersof children to the the and is interest that created been has that missionary carhas been workchildren fathers. purthe to The significant; further pereven the and ried the of forward thousands by sure, achieved. thepose be was To is that secution being heaped upon missionaries to the have gone who therebuilding school a as used was in the the a becomes means Jew of nations the earth the found andafter, the as headquarters of and of of directing the hands him Lord city of a of a family one and two its prime purposePresidency, but his skill to land. the former and By to the land gathered have been who glorithese accomplishedwas when of science been has wisdom man spirit Zion. of imhas That which visited the ofous Lord messengers soil the of of taking the wealth out is pelled that to evidence them comethe earth more. once

it to the returning Sea and Dead is spirit in of heart the the Moses evidences other do we What land, the planting orchards and Israel, this in great of moving them actuallyoffer these personages that railroads, building houses, power to the places dispensation appointed visit deliver these the earthdid and colleges, creating highways, an and in last for of these the them Lord disthe from held theykeys which industry Palestine never such as has days. past? the ofpensations since the the of seen day abandonEvidences that Moses did actually The marvelous power of God has ment of that land as the home of

appear and deliver the keys of the been over these numerous groups of one branch of the House of Israel.

gathering of Israel in fulfillment of pilgrims who upon the land and Marvelous as all this is, it is a witancient promises are manifest in upon the sea have made the journey ness and a testimony that Moses has what has taken place in the hundred in safety and under divine protecactually visited the earth.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

Tt is thrilling to study the history selves, we should be convinced that of the rise of genealogical work, this marvelous key has actually been which was almost unknown, save in delivered to man and that the work the houses of the royalty of Euof the redemption of the living and rope, when Elijah appeared and the dead is the result of the visit delivered these keys that would of the prophet of the Lord in the turn the hearts of the fathers to the Kirtland Temple in the age in which children. Immediately after his we live.

visitation this great interest began to awaken in the hearts of men. Expressing myself on the occasion

Genealogical societies have multiof that Kirtland visit, I said that so plied until they now number hunfar as I was concerned the Church dreds, and volumes giving the hiswas not anxious to own the Kirtland

Temple; we were just anxious totory of the ancestors of this generation have been gathered from all see it preserved. It has filled its

parts of the earth at a cost of milmission. It was built to provide a

lions of dollars. Many have been place where these servants of the

inspired to do this work who know Lord might come with their keys nothing of the visit of Elijah but of authority. Others may hold the

who, influenced by the spirit that property but this Church holds the turns the hearts of the children to keys (far more important and pretheir fathers who are dead, have cious than buildings ), and these responded and have spent large keys of authority are in operation sums of money in securing infortoday, are with this Church and mation concerning their fathers. nowhere else are they manifest.

Of course the temples that have KIRTLAND TEMPLE This is a witness that should imbeen constructed since the building press itself upon men everywhere of the Kirtland Temple are quite men who are living. Undoubtedly that we do live in an age when God

different from that structure. The if we had the story of the activity is performing a marvelous work and

Kirtland Temple was not built for and interest that is manifest in the a wonder. It is right under our very

the performance of ceremonies and spirit world on the part of those eyes. His favor has been upon it

ordinances; the others were, and who died without a knowledge of and the promises of the Master who

the great labor that has gone forth the truth who are looking to their appeared in the Kirtland Temple in the erection of temples by the children here to do the work for and said that countless thousands

Latterday Saints, in which millions them vicariously, which work will would be blessed through the buildof ceremonies have been performed prove as efficacious as though they ing of that house and blessings in behalf of the dead, is evidence had performed this service themwould be delivered to men in it are that Elijah has actually visited the being verified in the work of the earth and that the keys he turned COUNCIL ROOM OF THE SEVENTY gathering of Israel and in the reare in operation upon the hearts of SALT LAKE TEMPLE demption of the dead.

(Copyright by the Trusteein-Trust—All rights reserved.)

h

Nauvoo TEMPLE NAUVOO, HANCOCK COUNTY, ILLINOIS

while today there remains of the

Nauvoo Temple not one stone upon another, it represents in the history of the Lord's latterday people another mute but eloquent testimony of sacrifice for truth and irrevocable fulfillment of that which the lord has commanded.

wmmmmm

A RARE ACTUAL

PHOTOGRAPH OF NAUVOO TEMPLE. AN ARCHITECT'S DRAWING OF NAUVOO TEMPLE

in that to sleep part of thereby. given had endowments the Saints The workers had setafterSoon of winter the during building near the building with the and guns in Illinois preparations tled

were made for the erection 1845-6. swords to protect it. The women

of a temple, and the cornerstones The whole building was privately gave their pennies, knitted socks were laid in Nauvoo, Hancock dedicated by Joseph Young, April and mittens for the temple workers,

County, Illinois, April 6, 1841. 30, 1846, and publicly dedicated by and in numerous other ways added

help for the erection of this 1, 1846. their At the time of the Prophet's marOrson Hyde May temple.

tyrdom the walls were up to the winThe Saints sacrificed much for dows of the first story, but under the the erection of this sacred temple. No complete endowment had been

direction of President Brigham The stone and wood for its erection given in the Kirtland Temple. Joseph

Young the temple was so far comhad to be hauled for some distance. the Prophet gave sacred endowpleted that the attic story could be Some who cut the stone suffered ments to certain leaders of the

dedicated November 30, 1845, and severe illness from the dust caused Church as early as May, 1842, or about four years prior to the completion of the Nauvoo Temple.

NAUVOO TEMPLE FROM AN OLD PRINT

There was no baptismal font in

F. the Kirtland Temple, but a font was

II built in the basement of the Nauvoo temple and baptisms for the dead performed in it as early as November, 1841.

Activities in the Nauvoo Temple were conducted under tre direction of President Brigham Young and the Council of the Twelve.

The Nauvoo Temple, which was one hundred twentyeight feet long from east to west, and eightyeight feet wide, with a spire one hundred sixtyfive feet high, was burned by an incendiary October 9, 1848, and the walls were blown down by a hurricane May 27, 1850.

There is not one stone left upon another of that magnificent edifice which cost the Church nearly a million dollars, but its testimony of the immutability of the Lord's purposes will live down through the centuries.

THE ENDOWMENT

On the new frontier temple building required arduous LABOR AND LONG YEARS. AND SO, WHILE A PERMANENT

house of the lord was abuilding, the saints erected theHOUSE Endowment House, which, like the Tabernacle of Moses in the wilderness, served a temporary purpose for the blessing of the faithful.

By A. WM. LUND

Assistant Church Historian Director Genealogical Society of Utah Wam

dent Brigham Young, President Jedediah M. Grant, and other leading brethren frequently officiated in

these services. As many as sixty

THE ENDOWMENT HOUSE people would pass through the Endowment House on one day, and on one occasion, two companies were

Recognizing the need of holy ment House and with solemn sertaken through in one day so that the places wherein essential ordivices dedicated this house to the large number present might receive nances pertaining to salvation Lord. The dedicatory prayer was their endowments. Only those who

might be administered, President offered by President Heber C. Kimwere worthy and obtained recomBrigham Young and the Twelve, set ball. mends from their bishops might enapart, within a few days after their The following is copied from the ter this holy house.

arrival in Salt Lake Valley, a plot of minutes of that meeting: In 1856, some of the walls were

ground to erect upon tem- a which painting redecorated. done was The "President said Brigham Youngple. site This the this named in was TemAlso William by Ward. that the clean house was and namedple early Block. as the year As attendyear, increased of because it of the Lord'. 'The House The1852, a wall around was built commenced the ance, addition on an was it, spirit in for of the Lord be would

this 1 block, 6, April and on 853, building. This of side the south will into to permitted one be the no go

laid.cornerstone of the temple was on addition Sepcommenced was it it. to pollute the temple When

15, 1856, tember and finished in a Realizing the great of is importance built will call that 'The Temple we "thereafter. time short verythe too, endowment, and realizing, of God.'Our

itthat take to a long time would House was also Endowment The eight its dedication day of On thebuild temple, the that decided it was cirof prayer for the meeting used given people were their endow- a temporary building should be ments, and this building served cles and as a place where Elderserected where these sacred ordimainly for that purpose until it was came before going on missions, to nances might be given to the Saints. taken down in the spring of 1889. receive instructions and to be set

Accordingly, in April of 1854, the apart for their missions.

surveyors laid out the site for this In the beginning the services in building in the northwest corner of the Endowment House were prinMany leading brethren of the the Temple Block. So rapidly did cipally conducted by President Church, including Daniel H. Wells, Snow, Lorenzo Woodruff,

that this progressthe work two Heber C. Kimball. However, PresiWilford F. Smith, gave and many Josephstory structure being adobe was faithful service of in the years Enplastered in February of 1855 and dowment House. Also faithful completed the of in Aprilwas same Eliza R. as such Snow, womenyear. building This known was L. Smith, Julina Bathsheba W.first as the and Rooms, Endowment L. Smith, Smith, Susa Young Edna

later the as House. Endowment valiant serothers Gates, gave and

From a letter of George A. Smith vice in this holy edifice.

dated April 27, 1855, the following In the spring of 1889, President is extracted: "The Endowment that gave orders Wilford Woodruff

is finished and isHouse a beautiful the be taken Endowment House building."down. No doubt to many it was a

Saturday, May 5, 1855, was a sad event to see this house, wherein cold, clear day in Salt Lake City. they had received sacred ordiOn this date President Brigham nances, torn down; but greater joy

Young with the brethren of the First PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG, WHO PREcame to them, for soon the beautiful

Presidency, the Twelve, and other SIDEDCOMPLETEDOVER NAUVOOTHE ACTIVITIESTEMPLE ANDOF THETHE and holy temple on the Temple invited guests met in the EndowENDOWMENT HOUSE. Block was dedicated to the Lord.

.

for Marriage ETERNITY

By LOUISE Y. ROBISON

General President National Woman's Relief Society

"This is one truth that life has taught us that the supreme joy comes in the home where there is harmony, peace, unity, and love, the family, and for the preservation where children are welcomed as of moral and social purity, the congifts from god. surely this source tinuance of the race, and the training

OF JOY IS WORTHY TO ENDURE! We of the young. The Latterday Saint

MARVEL THAT THE WORLD HAS NOT woman accepts all this statement

SEEN THE VISION OF THIS ETERNAL COVEimplies, but to her the marriage

NANT."The Author. covenant is more than a legalized

contract. It is the inspiration for

her highest ideals of life; to become

in the a family of mother wife and—Home—Family! Marriage is of worthy mankind an ambition represent not These words

the noblest.

only the highest ideals of History furnishes abundant proof life, but they are the stabilizing of the high and honorable place force of any Nation. Security, which marriage has been given by

peace and development depend upon all civilized people. Even among

LOUISE Y. ROBISON the status of the home. The ideal those of a lower order, the family

home is where father and mother is one unit which has claimed reare joined in holy wedlock; where spect. From the earliest antiquity

children are welcomed as gifts from to our own day, the religions of the

Tt is particularly appropriate that the God; and all are united in helping world, no matter what their concep-

* President of one of the world's to strengthen and improve each tion of Deity may be, have attached oldest and greatest existing woman's other. The greatest desire of pargreat significance to the marriage

this organizations discuss should in ents that is be must in such homes Bible eloquent ceremony. The

Improvement Era The issue of this relationship for continue ever selection the proof that proper with Eternity."for "Marriage Y. Louise Robison, internationally recognized eternally—but where marriage is an of a mate and the importance of

as a leader among women, ap'earthly contract, although honorable marriage was great in the eyes of proaches the subject with warm and legally binding, it can endure our Father in Heaven in ancient rich experience sympathy, and tooonly as long as life lasts. times, even as now. Abraham and able conviction. Her qualifications

include being the eminently successOn the first page of human hisSarah, Isaac and Rebecca, Jacob and ful mother of six successful children. tory, by the man stood woman, sharRachel, are examples of those who

includes experience years Her many have influenced the whole human ing dignity the honor with him and in president as of a ward the Young all race. over of dominion the earth and Mutual Improvement Woman's Association, as a special genealogical lesser creations. The marriage of The Catholic church has deresearch worker, as a member of the Adam and Eve was evidently not a clared marriage one of its sacraBoard, General and, since 1928, it Christian churches ments, and other as prestemporary agreement, was

ident National of the Relief Woman's important, but it equally in the have made yet they were made while Society, as a director on the Executive Board of the National Council of Garden of Eden—immortal beings they set a boundary to its developas delegate the to the Interthere Women and of this by placing record ment and perfection is no—and

national Council and of Women of mortality upon marriage or limitations annulled having been National it. Conference Social Work. of

initiated also The author the made less permanent than an everThe words "until death us do part"campaign for home beautification in lasting union. Even after they were carry with them a blighting, paraSalt Lake City and was awarded driven out of the Garden of Eden lyzing sting, for death is ever pres-

a Red Cross Emblem for Distinctive our Heavenly Father spoke to them ent. It may take the young mother

Service during the World War. little that wife. As as husband and from her devoted husband and From a Saint, Latterday success- a and as

life in later children; stability until the time present, the it may come ful distinguished homemaker and

mother, Louise Y. Robison here of human society has demanded that and separate the loving ties of many

writes of marriages and families and the divinely established institution years; but it comes, and anguished

hallowed relationships that continue, of marriage be perpetuated. hearts cry out for some plan tha*

gloriously and nobly, forever—Sociologists tell us that the main will reunite the family.

design of marriage is to constitute Our Heavenly Father is a kind

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

and loving Father, but humanity eternal principle ordained before the given the opportunity in the next does not listen to His conditions creation of the earth. We marvel life to profit by these experiences,

whereby we may be spared the deep that the world has not seen the thereby beautifying and elevating sorrows which we suffer. This attivision of this eternal covenant. It life in harmony with these highest

tude of the world can be explained is so reasonable, so in harmony with values.

only by the fact that the authority the order of progressive developWhat are the highest values to administer this very important ment. God's laws governing this what is worthy to endure? Certain

ordinance for eternity was lost to world are patterned after the Celesit is we should like to have prethe world until the Gospel was given tial world. This recalls the stateserved all that is best and of greatin its said, fulness, the thinker of a great again and Holy ment who est surrounded worth. by We are for rebasis of restored, the reality Priesthood which power by "The real a things, material and we live in

alone the ordinance may be conligion is the unseen and yet manifest physical world, yet the physical summated. reality of a spiritual world. Nothworld is full of moral and spiritual

It must be borne in mind too, that ing matters of human aspiration or values. Jesus taught the importance

among the great number of churches desire unless that is true."of human personality, and that the

existing Saints today, the Latterday life are in the things eternity. in values living highest are Though We as builders are distinguished is from that the spirit, life of this great of comes of the which part but a

temples. The term "temple,"by its eternity it is of as much significance love and friendship and service.

literally derivation use, means and part. persons in It is in the intimate as the who any home, Many

It is the Lord."of "The House vision of life the not caught group, family have in the a contacts of

quite proper and logical to assume great plan evolving through the where cooperation, selfsacrifice and that this sacred ceremony of maruniverse, and in human life, cry out service are learned and consequently riage for eternity can be performed against the futility and meaninglesswhere appreciation of one another only in the holy structures, dediness of this existence. But to those is greatest, and love reaches its

cated to the name and service of who have caught, in part, the comhighest human level. This is one

of the ordinances the God, where plan, the gospel of prehensiveness truth taught that life has us—that administered, the can Priesthood be purin the beauty and joy comes life takes on new the supreme

effect of which shall be binding both pose. home, where there is harmony,

heaven. earth and in on this love. Surely peace, unity and that have might are they "Men to endure! of joy source is worthy marriage 'T'he Temple tells us. in ceremony joy,"our Father Heaven

is dignified, impressive and comThis earth was planned by a wise God's plans are not for days or prehensive. In connection with it, and loving Father as the best enviyears, but for eternity. He has re-

a vow of chastity is taken which is ronment for His children at their vealed through the Prophet Joseph a glorious consecration, and a powpresent stage of development to Smith the principles of the Everlasterful influence in preserving the high build for joy, fulness of life, and ing Covenant of Marriage—one of

single standard of morality for lasting happiness. The Father planthe basic principles in His great plan

which the Church has always stood ned a world of rigid law, both physto "bring to pass the immortality and which generally has resulted in ical and spiritual, where man, and eternal life of man."

good morals and in happy marriages. through obedience, may learn from The Prophet taught that marriage

There is abundant evidence in experience the highest values in life. was an institution of heaven, and a

the scriptures that marriage is an And in God's great plan we will be solemn sacrament that when entered

THE ELDERS'ROOM, SALT LAKE TEMPLE.

inTrust—All{Copyright by therightsTrusteereserved.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

"The spiritual man is alive to all Again we are reminded of what a true values."The argument for glorious vision would direct our lives

"Marriage for Eternity"is its perif we had lived according to the fect reasonableness. It is a striking divine laws which are given us.

example of the operation of the Life is never discounted, no matter natural law in the spiritual world. how great the struggle, when given

The highest achievement in any line for a principle. The knowledge

of endeavor comes with the thought that the marriage consummated here that it is to be permanent. This is for all eternity should do more

operates in the great principles govthan any other one factor to insure erning life, as well as in the world careful and prayerful selection of of material things. It is the only a companion, thorough and serious

way in which the law of compenpreparation for homebuilding and sation is answered. Marriage and child guidance. It lif|ts life and

the family are eternal as a part of marriage to the highest levels, for in life. the words of one of our great

One of the great needs of human writers, "Companionship of husband development, service to others, is and wife is a divinely appointed met in the glorious opportunity ofmeans of mutual betterment; and

fered today for those who have acaccording to the measure of holy cess to temples to do the holy enlove, mutual respect and honor with dowment work for those who were which that companionship is graced denied this privilege. This becomes and sanctified, do man and woman

the foundation principle of the whole develop toward the spiritual stature structure of the genealogical work, of God."

and lays the foundation for the the sealing room for the l.v.ng,

DISTANT DAYLIGHT SILHOUETTE Kingdom or God. salt lake temple

OF THE TEMPLE AT LOGAN (Copyright by the Trusteein-Trust. All rights reserved.)

into by the power and authority of the Holy Priesthood is an everlasting covenant—it is marriage for

eternity. Marriage thus becomes

more than a physical union—it is a

spiritual union. Surely a covenant

which is made to bring souls into the world and provide the environment for their development, should be on this high level. In such a

union there should be love and companionship—spiritual companionship—which would endure as long

as the spirit endures.

"VXOMEN are grateful for the work of Joseph Smith. They recognize in him a prophet of the Lord

and a master sociologist and psychologist; and through divine guidance, he was an interpreter of this

life, as well as of the life to come.

His profound views upon government, education, finance and the whole social order, astonish the advanced thinkers of today. But that

which has brought more comfort and peace to the human heart than anything else is the knowledge given through him, that the family unit is eternal; that the sacred bond of

marriage performed under the Covenant of God, endures through all eternity. This knowledge brings

faith and courage to sustain the breaking heart, and lifts life to its highest level. It gives the spiritual

significance to marriage that is absolutely essential.

As the Apostle Paul pointed out,

Si GEORGE TEMPLE ST. GEORGE, UTAH

The first of the Utah temples to be completed, St. George reared its tower from the

desert country, and gave the Saints once more, after persecution and impoverishment, a sanctified house of the Lord for sacred service to the living and the dead.

General Conference of idents of the temple were present at the Church was held in the dedication.

the temple. President While records in the Historian's

Brigham Young, his office are not complete on this subcounselors, and most of ject it appears from the information the Council of the Twelve at hand that the following brethren, were present. with their assistants, have presided

The entire building over the St. George Temple: PresSTORM-SKY VIEW OF ST. GEORGE TEMPLE was finally dedicated on ident Wilford Woodruff, beginning

April 6, 1877. The April 17, 1877, with David H. Candedicatory prayer was offered by non and John D. T. McAllister as

Daniel H. Wells. With the exassistants; President John D. T.

ception of the Prophet Joseph Smith, (Continued on page 263) all who have been presidents of the

Church, and all who have been presNIGHT VIEW OF ST. GEORGE TEMPLE

PRESIDENT GEORGE F. WHITEHEAD

inAlthough a temple had been course of erection in Salt Lake City since 1853, it was later decided by the authorities of the Church to erect a temple in

Southern Utah, and the site was dedicated in St. George, Utah, November 9, 1871, by Elder George A.

Smith, and the ground broken the same day.

The cornerstone was laid March 10, 1873. On January 1, 1877, it

was partially dedicated. Apostle

Wilford Woodruff, who became the first president of the temple, dedicated the font room and lower floor.

Erastus Snow dedicated the second floor and Brigham Young, Jr., dedicated the sealing room.

Ordinance work was commenced January 11, 1877, Susan Amelia

Young being the first person baptized by Wilford Woodruff.

On April 6, 7, and 8, 1877, the of the he GROWTH TEMPLE INDEX BUREAU "A Worldwide Clearinghouse"By ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT

Secretary, Genealogical Society of Utah THE LATE HARRY H. RUSSELL, FIRST

SUPERINTENDENT OF THE TEMPLE INDEX BUREAU.

the temples was brought to the atthe Board of Directors of the GenerPnE recent lamented passing of tention of President Anthon H. alogical Society of Utah the need

-*- Elder Harry H. Russell, SuperLund, and Elder Joseph Fielding of such a system and outlined some

intendent of the Temple Index Smith, President of the Genealogical of the necessary steps for its estabits inception, Bureau and whose from Dr. a discussion, After

is reSociety of Utah, and Church Hislishment. the loss to service deeply so

inhis committee were Widtsoe and it appropriate gretted by all, makes at this time to review, briefly, the structed to continue working on the growth of the great Church instituproject and bring definite recomtion with which his labors were conmendations and an estimate of the years. Duplicanected for so many

in tions ordinance dead, cost of operation before members for the work in our temples, were proving costly of the Board and before the First and wasteful in money, time, and Presidency.

labor. Here is the story of the men

whose efforts corrected that intolerThe plan progressed and on April able situation by bringing into ex21, 1922, the Board decided to puristence the Temple Index Bureau. chase filing cabinets and equipment.

The Temple Index Bureau was established as an adjunct to the Hisgreatly increased temtorian's office, being part of theWithple activity it early became record system of the Church, and comes directly under the jurisdiction apparent to thoughtful stuof the Church Historian and Redents of the work that ordinances corder. Brother Harry H. Russell

were frequently being repeated by was invited to supervise the arrangevarious families for the same indiment of the indexing and installation viduals. The Young family organPRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT, DURING of the cards in the new Temple

ization others endeavored, and ADMINISTRATION THE TEMPLE by WHOSE Index Bureau. A REALITY. INDEX BECAME BUREAU index a card to the namesmeans of A PRESIDENT GRANT WAS FORMERLY

appearing in their temple records, DIRECTOR OF THE GENEALOGICAL to prevent such duplication of ordiSOCIETY OF UTAH.

nances by members of their own torian and Recorder, respectively, family organization. On October 6, by a committee, of which Elder

1911, Elder Nephi Anderson utterJohn A. Widtsoe was chairman,

ed this forecast of the future: appointed to make suggestions

"Then, as temples multiply and the for the advancement of the work work enlarges to its ultimate proof the Society, and the idea reportions, this Society, or some orceived their endorsement. Elders

ganization growing out of this SoJoseph Fielding Smith, John A.

ciety, will have in its care some Widtsoe, and Joseph Christenson elaborate but perfect system of exact were appointed a committee to work registration and checking, so that out details of the plan. They met

the work in the temples may be with the First Presidency in conconducted without confusion or sultation. At the October Conferduplication."ence, 1921, a meeting was held with

For another ten years appeals the presidents and recorders of the were made at intervals to the men temples to discuss a system of card standing at the head of genealogical index to prevent duplication of temand temple work, to devise some ple work.

means of preventing future duplicaThe proposition was acted upon

FRANKLINtion. 3, 1921, favorably. for an inNovember need and plan The On OF DENT THED. GENEALOGICALRICHARDS,. FIRSTSOCIETYPRESIOF explained ordinances to the in Elder performed Widtsoedex to UTAH, 18941899. John A.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

be followed was adopted, and the work began in earnest, although at first on a small scale.

On June 16, 1922, it was reported that the work on the Salt Lake Temple records had been well begun with a force of seven workers, and Brother Russell had gone to Logan to install the work there. The other

temples were awaiting materials with which to begin work.

Volunteer workers were called in and stake presidents in the stakes adjoining the various temples called workers on missions to assist in the indexing, proofreading, and arranging of the completed cards.

By August 29, 1922, a report showed the work progressing favorably, with twelve workers busy inANTHON H. LUND, SECOND PRESIDENT dexing the Salt Lake Temple recOF in five THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF ords, in Manti, Logan, four

UTAH, 19001921. Sister in St. three Maria CHARLESOF THE W.GENEALOGICALPENROSE, THIRDSOCIETYPRESIDENTOF George.

It had been decided by the com- E. B. Smith was assisting in the UTAH, 19211925.

direction of the work.mittee that should a card be made in the temall to done the be work

1 further report onfor in November every performed endowment A first pass to through ples have would the of year showed the work sameeach of the temples. various A Bureau. Index the Temple On gratifying progress.suitable making The of card form drawn was anticipation of in 14, 1923, August

up. Brother Russell conducted Manti Temple was indexing current the dedication of the Alberta Temelaborate tests on the durability of work along with ordinances perple, ten thousand cards were sent to

different cards, deciding at last on formed previously. Authorization Cardston. By January 29, 1924, to purchase given the Boarda by eminently was proved card which has thousand inhundred another two

files cardssatisfactory. thousand which hundred two were first Wood ordered. were dex cards

selected; later files purchased were were immediately needed for the

entirely of steel. After many days Temple Index. By July 2, 1923, the A VIEW OF THE TEMPLE INDEX BUREAU

of experiment and careful study of Executive Committee of the GenIN THE JOSEPH F. SMITH MEMORIAL

problems, the type of equipment was ealogical Society announced the beATBUILDINGTHE CARDSHOWINGFILES. WORKERSSUPERINTENDENTENGAGED

HARRY H. RUSSELLselected, and the system of filing to lief that in the not far distant future, AT THEIS EXTREMESEEN IN LEFT.THE BACKGROUND

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

together. At other places in the wife, placed upon the temple sheet.

files where each one of these various For a time families desirous of spellings would naturally come in having copies made for family use strict alphabetical arrangement, of all cards bearing their surname, were placed subheader or auxiliary in the files, were permitted to have cards bearing that spelling of the this done by the workers, a charge surname but referring the searcher being made therefor. On April 29,

back to "S-m-i-t-h."Thus was 1926, this practice was discontinued.

On April 16, 1926, the Board requested additional help from the

First Presidency to put into final distribution the cards in the Index

Bureau so as to complete the work as soon as possible. It is difficult to

imagine the painstaking care required to place in alphabetical distribution millions of cards so that any card among these millions may be found in a few seconds! This required that each card be handled

from eight to twelve times.

ANTHONY W. IVINS, FOURTH PRESIDENT But the work continued and on OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH, 19241934. October 12, 1926, Elder Russell was

instructed to draw up a notice to

Plder James M. Kirkham reportappear in the Deseret News Geneaed on May 22, 1924, that he had logical Department, and to be posted

the consent from the presidency and on the bulletin boards in the various bishops of Liberty Stake to furnish temples and elsewhere, notifying the twentyfour typists to assist eveSaints generally that on and after nings in the Index Bureau. January 1, 1927, all temple sheets

In FIFTH FIELDING JOSEPH SMITH, the Index Bureau May 1924, pass must AND prepared for endowment

PRESIDENT PRESENT GENEAOF THE definitely establishedwas with paid This Clearinghouse. through the LOGICAL SOCIETY UTAH. OF

employees, live girls being placed on was a great step forward.

full day salary. A report for April, On that date, with the whole1925, showed that each operator hearted approval of the First Presiwas making from five hundred to six dency, the checking of all temple

hundred cards a day. On April 23, sheets began at the Temple Index

1925, Superintendent Harry H. Bureau and has continued for nine

Russell reported they had nearly years, during which time the Index caught up with current work in their Bureau has fully justified its existindexing. "Now comes,"said he, ence and the cost and labor of its

"the stupendous task of arranging establishment. It was found that

the cards in the files so as to be names could be cleared at the Index 'getat-able.'Three million cards Bureau on an average of one every

to be handled about five to ten times thirtyfive seconds. With this ceneach."tralized checking, it became posBy October of that year, arrangesible to establish and enforce more

ments were made for families to have access, under supervision, to the their cards of in the surname

A. WIDTSOE, JOHN A DIRECTOR OFindex. this families In were way GENEALOGICAL THE SOCIETY OF UTAH

partially enabled to check against ANDWHOSECHAIRMANEFFORTS BROUGHTOF THE THECOMMITTEETEMPLE duplications. INDEX BUREAU RECOMMENDATION FINGrave problems arose in the matALLYCHURCHTOPRESIDENCY.THE ATTENTION OF THE

ter of filing the surname in alphabetical peavoided the necessity of looking inculiar toarrangement—problemsa vast name index such as fortythree different places for each

this. Because of the numerous ways Smith name checked.

in which surnames are spelled, a Another decision reached was to phonetic filing was adopted. There count double letters as though they

are, for instance, fortythree ways were single. Names beginning with

of spelling the surname of Smith. prefixes such as "Mac"should be

It was decided that all spellings filed under the first sound of the should be filed together under the name following "Mac."

general spelling of "Smith."At the Recognizing the need for more

head of the Smith section of the file complete identification of names sent was placed a header card on which to the temples, Brother Russell used were typed all the various spellings his influence to have names of the JOSEPH CHRISTENSON, VICEPRESIDENT of the name which were to be filed father, mother, and husband, or GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

endowments. The Bureau now contains over seven million cards.

Tn addition to serving to prevent duplication of temple endowments, the Bureau has proved invaluable as a source of genealogical research. Frequently from one to

ten new generations have been located by researchers of the Genealogical Society from the records of the Bureau. Supplementing the

indexing of endowments, an index has been made to approximately 150,000 living sealings performed in

Nauvoo and Utah. The sealing index comes down to June, 1871. Two

books of sealings of deceased couples in the Salt Lake Temple have also been indexed, and one

LUND, A DIRECTOR A. WILLIAM children to of of sealing parMARK OF book OF UTAH. SOCIETY GENEALOGICAL THE GENEALOGICALE. PETERSEN,SOCIETYA DIRECTOROF OFUTAH.THE alphabetical books well as ents, as

satisfactory rules for identification A to C of the sealings of living and the type of record sent to the couples in the Salt Lake Temple, There are, at the present time, temples was much improved. Up coming down to September 7, 1904. eleven others serving as checking

to January 1, 1936, the records of These sealings are frequently of clerks.

the Temple Index Bureau show that great assistance in research. With the increase in temple work

885,861 temple sheets have been Since 1926 Brother Marcus O. that is bound to come, the growth

checked at the Bureau containing Funk has served as assistant superof the Index Bureau to vast propor- 6,833,371 names. This checking has intendent of the Index Bureau, rentions is a foregone certainty. About

prevented the duplication of 561,535 dering faithful and valued service. five hundred thousand new cards

are being added each year. In December 1933, the Temple Index

Bureau was moved to its new home on the lower floor of the Joseph F.

Smith Memorial Building, 80 North

Main Street. The entire move was

accomplished in one week's time, over six million cards being transferred to the new location. Shortly

afterwards steel files were purchased to house a total of twenty million cards.

The L. D. S. Temple Index

Bureau undoubtedly is the largest existing genealogical index, the value of which will increase with the years.

What a glorious monument is being erected here to the Church authorities who had the vision of the needs for the future of the Index

Bureau and to Superintendent Harry H. Russell and those who

have labored so faithfully with him to bring this dream to substantial reality.

NOTE: JAMES M. KIRKHAM, WHO IS ALSO A

DIRECTOR OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF

UTAH, HAS AN ARTICLE BEGINNING ON PAGE 236

WITH WHICH HIS PHOTOGRAPH APPEARS.

THIS PICTURE WAS TAKEN ON THE DAY OF THE

FORMAL OPENING OF THE NEW HEADQUARTERS

OF THE SOCIETY, JANUARY 17, 1934. IT SHOWS

PRESIDENT ANTHONY W. IVINS, WHO WAS THEN

PRESIDENT OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF

UTAH, AND ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT, SECRETARY

OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH, EXAMINING ONE OF THE INDEX BUREAU CARD FILES.

Logan TEMPLE LOGAN, UTAH

PRESIDENT

WILLIAM A. NOBLE

a large square tower at each end.

The tower at the west end is one hundred sixtyfive feet high, and the one at the east end is one hundred seventy feet high.

Marriner W. Merrill was first

president of the Logan Temple, beginning May 21, 1884, with Moses

Thatcher and N. C. Edlefsen as

assistants. The second Logan Temple president was Wm. Budge, beginning in 1 906, followed by Joseph

R. Shepherd, beginning in 1918,

who was followed by the present president Wm. A. Noble, beginning

March, 1935. John E. Carlisle has

been assistant to the president since 1911, and Wm. A. Noble was assistant to the president from 1917

until he became president last year.

At the beginning of ordinance work in the Logan Temple, back in 1884, only one endowment session was held each day. The number of

sessions held daily has increased

NIGHT VIEW OF LOGAN TEMPLE from time to time, until today six sessions are held daily, four during

From its commanding elevation in the City of the day time and two each night.

Logan this temple stands sentinel over fertile Cache On a very few occasions it has beValley and its surrounding country, as a symbol of come necessary to hold seven sesthe Lord's harvest in latter days. sions during the day and night.

difficult It is estimate to building. site in Logan, Cache

of the exact cost the manner because dedicatedTheCounty,templeUtah, was

May 18, 1877, by Orson Pratt, in which it was built, a large portion under the direction of President having been given in labor, farm

Brigham Young, and the cornerproducts, and by other means, but stones were laid September 17, it is safe to say that it cost approxi1877. Seven years were spent in mately threequarters of a million

its erection and the building was dollars exclusive of the land and dedicated May 17, 1884, by Presiother improvements upon the land.

dent John Taylor. President Heber The main building of the temple

J. Grant is the only member of the is one hundred seventyone feet

General Authorities of the Church long, ninetyfive feet wide, and now living who was present as eightysix feet high at the square, such at the dedication. with an octagonal tower at each

The Temple was seven years in corner one hundred feet high, and

TEMPLE HILL, MANTI, SANPETE COUNTY, ATOP OF WHICH IS MANTI TEMPLE.

temple MantiMANTI, UTAH Overlooking the City of Manti from Temple Hill, this house of the Lord bears witness to the On Monday, April 30, five days nearby inhabitants, and to all later, actual work of excavation bewho go and come, that the purgan. It took two years to clear the

poses of God for the salvation ground for the building. April 14,

of man shall all be fulfilled. 1879, the cornerstones were laid.

President John Taylor laid the PRESIDENT ROBERT D. YOUNG

southeast corner, Bishop Edward

August 5, 1850, President Hunter the southwest, Frederick W. officiated, and offered the dediOnBrigham Young pointed out Cox, the northwest, and Horace catory prayer.

the present site of the Manti Eldridge the northeast. This temple, which is visible from

Temple, which was later dedicated Dedicatorial services were held nearly all parts of Sanpete valley, is, by him on April 25, 1877. May 21,1888. Elder Lorenzo Snow like the Logan Temple, one hundred

seventyone feet long and ninetyfive feet wide. The walls are about

eightyfive feet high. The east

tower is one hundred seventynine feet and the west tower one hundred and sixtynine feet high. The

building, including the preparation of the ground, cost approximately one million dollars.

According to records at hand the first president was Daniel H.

Wells, who was set apart May 16, 1888, followed by Anthon H. Lund,

October 14, 1891, followed by John

D. T. McAllister, May 14, 1893,

who was in turn followed by Lewis

Anderson, August 3, 1906, who was followed by the present president,

Robert D. Young, Dec. 30, 1933.

Writes President R. D. Young:

"We highly appreciate our call to work in this holy temple. The work

in our temples is the surest and safest and greatest spiritualizing force in the world, and brings men closer to the pure love of Christ and the revelation of God for the perfecting of man.

"The people of our temple district are fine and upright men and women and we are happy to discover of late an increase among the young people attending to temple work;

they have indeed the spirit of Elijah,"

Youth and TEMPLES By RUTH MAY FOX General President Young Women's

Mutual Improvement Association

4t(\uR Heavenly Father rejoices to see His young people CHOOSE THEIR COMPANIONS WITH PURE MOTIVES AND WITH THE

DESIRE TO LIVE TOGETHER IN HOLY WEDLOCK, BUT He LIKES TO BE

CONSIDERED IN THE CONTRACT. We ARE HlS CHILDERN AS WELL

AS THE CHILDREN OF OUR EARTHLY PARENTS, AND He DESIRES THAT

RUTH MAY FOX Latterday Saints should ask for and receive His blessing in marriage."

the the centuries through DOWN into partnerhas entered Lord [AT the Lord does not favor signed for the blessing of the youth accomplishthe for Youth youth with ship adults, and for as well as in bringyouth against as age writes Ruth His purposes—so of ment it comuntil was elders their assisted

life rich mellowed in the purposes whose His about Fox, ing May Y- in "The R. Eliza Snow pleted. underand with a still warm glows that fact is the fully earth says: proved by Mormondom,"of Women Youth and for appreciation standing were illustrious ones of His many Youth. Ruth May of the problems brain, except capital little very "With years. their early Samuel in chosen Wiltin Westbury, born was Fox unwaverwith combined sinew, and bone, history, was Bible the of Prophet, ago. years eightytwo shire, England, even and women, men, in trust God, ing

Her parents joined the Church soon but eight years of age when he heard children, worked with their might; sisters

after her birth. When Ruth was sixthe voice of the Lord calling him were actively engaged in boarding and

provided died. otherwise old, mother not her months teen clothing workmen a intrusting with message him and

possible as abstemiously ll as living father, her twelve Until was for—a Ruth telling Priest, Eli, to what him the appropriated might be cent every that so the Church, for traveled much who his household. befall should him and energies their while object, grand the to a with her inspired and reared her parof over to prospect king be anointed the David was stimulated by were goodness truth from and love of deep built house of a blessing the in ticipating boy. yet shepherd Israel while a Gospel the testimony of a grew which and High the Most of direction the by a but later time also of was Timothy life. After her dominated that has Him."accepted by earnest adan lad he became when working some to and America coming

two years in Philadelphia to acquire vocate of the cause of Christ and If the youth of Israel could commeans to journey to Utah, Ruth May, a beloved companion of the Apostle prehend even to a small degree the stepcongenial a and father with her of our Jesus Paul. Lord mother The as ordinances temple of the benefits

age, her stepsister of own and mother is beautiful a as described Christ life, after the this and to pertaining team ox by and foot to on Utah came teens of her yet not out maiden from them withhold could power no to Jesse marriage in 1867. W. Her angel an who she met by was when in them. participate to addiworthy 1872. In living in occurred Jr., Fox,

that heavensent the news her gave inspired mother to an tion becoming in one Young Brigham President the of the mother she be should she six daughters six sons and of exwork temple on his sermons of serve write, to Messiah. to and time has found this I upon think claimed: "When disin it a community of in and opening the Church her also was So seven of tongues I the want subject, acbeen having manner, tinguished Smith, dispensation, this last Joseph people."the up to wake thunders Assoin the tive Suffrage Woman's fourteen but the though Prophet,

treasurer, so ciation, charter member, Young President was vessel Why the age, chosen of years was the president of subsequently and the that concerned overpoweringly light torch the which to the of Lord Square Club; Press Temple Woman's to alive be should Saints Latterday illumine the whole eventually should auditor worker, of Guide, Primary "Beopportunities? marvelous their the its glory. six with world Council When National the of Women here are that said, he cause,""We other the held to Church, has organize many she years; time and came

responsible posts. Ruth May Fox stalwart men of about his own age are enjoying a privilege that we have

has been identified with the Young were largely selected to be its foundno knowledge of any other people 1898, since Board General Women's of Adam, days the since enjoying ers. by that time young Since men

Presidency General the a of member completed a temple that is, to have years in later the thousands and 1928. since President since 1905, and of the ordinances all of the wherein sent also, been have young women understanding sympathetic and Her

approach to the problems of Youth out as missionaries to spread the house of God can be bestowed upon has won for her an undying place light of truth among the nations of His people. Brethren and sisters,

in the hearts of the young people the earth and have been rewarded do you understand this? It seemsto them the Church—and of of the people great a many of that hosts to the Church adding she by

and addresses this message on Youth it."about nothing know ones. people as as older well young Temples.

When the temple was to be conThis is true of many of our young structed in Kirtland, Ohio, it was depeople today. Where does the fault

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

lie, is it in the home, or in the aux- "Young people and sometimes older peolating to the significance and sequence of of this will importance that thing dispensations, question or about past and theiliary organizations which were orple 'Is service. grandest era the the present temple this as the greatest that necesand or

ganized for the express purpose of sary?''Is this or that reasonable?''Why in human history. This course of instructeaching the youth of Israel the way should I do this or that?'Even though such tion includes a recital of the most promiof life, or is it because the temple questions should be needless, it is best to nent events of the creative period, the conordinances are considered too sacred answer them, especially if they are asked dition of our first parents in the Garden

for discussion? byenced,thoseandwhothereforeare untrainedunable andto thinkinexperifor ofquentEden,expulsiontheir disobedience,from that blissfuland abode,conseThe two first questions may be themselves."* their condition in the lone and dreary world,

answered by acknowledging that in when doomed to live by labor and sweat, some instances the home and the Youth is naturally and rightfully the plan of redemption by which the great of period atoned, the be It may inquisitive. to know, transgression wants people's organizationsyoung may the restoration the the great of apostasy, tempered should be knowledge in but their full duty donenot have all its and ancient with powers Gospelteaching the significance of temple with wisdom. We avoid mentionprivileges, the absolute and indispensable

work. As to the last question, teming the name of God too frequently, condition of personal purity and devotion

strict life right the in present to a and secret there is anything because for notple too sacred are ordinances requirements. compliance gospel with that holy about but because name, conversation, andcommonplace... prowill temples the shown, be "As it designates sacred a being more all, if at discussed, in instructions theseshould only be giving vide for the of

with the greatest sincerity and revand pure than we can understand. separate rooms, each devoted to a particular this course; of the part proand it is saby with temple work; Just so desire there iserence. no However,

it is possible vision classes to several have secret. necessarily not of cred, or any the part of the Churchon instruction time. at ordiunder one The

its auxiliaries to withhold needed The following appeared in The nances of the endowment embody certain information from any of their memHouse of the Lord, by Dr. James E. obligations on the part of the individual,

the such as covenant to observe and promise it in the seeking arebers who in 1912: published right Talmage, strict of virtue chastity, to law and be criticismspirit, meaningless but charitable, tolerant, pure; benevolent, and administered as Temple endowment "The in. indulged not beshould talent to both to devote material and means in instruction retemples comprises modern

the truth uplifting the the spread of of and CORRIDOR, SALT LAKE TEMPLE SIDE race. taking the coveof each With *John A. Widtsoe, Genealogical MagTrustee-inTrust. (Copyright by the nant obligation and... the assuming of each 1921. azine, reserved.) rights All

is blessing a promised continpronounced, gent upon the faithful observance of the conditions."

HTemple ordinances are a part of the eternal plan which God has instituted for the salvation of His children and. are just as necessary

to be understood as the doctrine of baptism or the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. With

what pride Latterday Saint parents take their babies to the fast meeting to have them blessed and given a name by the Elders who hold the authority to say, "By this name it shall be known in the earth,"and that name is recorded in the heavens and the angels given charge concerning it. Naturally, parents feel

that this ordinance entitles their children to certain blessings, especially the watchcare of our Heavenly Father.

When the child attains to the age of eight years, again with rejoicing the parents present it to the proper authority for baptism whereby it enters the fold of Christ.

No Latterday Saint hesitates at the performance of these ceremonies. They rather regard them

as a great blessing which will have much influence in protecting their children from the wiles of the evil one. Why then, question the temple ordinances? God is the author

of them all and knows what is best for the advancement and eternal progress of His children. Furthermore, he knows the difficulties and

temptations which beset mortals, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

THE GARDEN ROOM, SALT LAKE TEMPLE.

inTrust—All(Copyright by therightsTrusteereserved.)

temple worship reacts upon the individual, fortifying

Him with power to withstand them.

A frequent question asked, is "Why should I be married in the temple?"The answer is, "For your

own good and exaltation."Marriage is one of, if

not the most important step one takes in life. Our

Heavenly Father rejoices to see His young people choose their companions with pure motives and with spotless white, emblematical of purThey appreciate also the great the desire to live together in holy ity. With bodies clean and hearts privilege of being a connecting link

wedlock, but He likes to be considerdevout, they seek a sealing and a between the living and the dead and their in time, trace, able to being blessing which shall last throughout of chilcontract. are His in theed We father the earthly to back lineage eternity. our of children as well as thedren

all. As a fittingearthly parents and He desires that We are happy to record that there and mother of us

Latterday Saints should ask for and are thousands of young people who close to this article, we quote the receive His blessing on their union. have given or are giving service in following paragraph from the dediAs to the marriage ordinance, no the several temples, to their great catory prayer offered in the Salt

marriage ceremony performed anyjoy and satisfaction. These are Lake Temple by President Wilford

where on the face of the earth could they who have a strong desire to Woodruff possibly be more chaste, sacred, or live in accordance with the will of "We also uphold before thee the Young beautiful than that solemnized in God and who want to keep themprovementMen's and Associations,Young Ladies.'with Mutualall their Imof-

Latterday Saint temples. The selves unspotted from the world by ficers, general and local, and the members.

bride and bridegroom appear in shunning the evils thereof. May they be prospered of thee, their membership be enlarged,

and the good that they accomplish increase with every succeeding year. For the

Primaries and Religion Classes we also seek thy constant blessing and guiding care; may

the spirit of instruction be poured out upon the presidents and associate officers and teachers. May they keep

pace with the rest of the educational establishments in thy

Church; so that from

their earliest years our children may be diligently brought up in the ways of the Lord, and thy name be magnified in their growth in virtue and intelligence."

THE WORLD ROOM LOOKING WEST, SALT LAKE

TEMPLE.

inTrust—All(Copyright by therightsTrust eereserved.

The Hawaiian Temple is situated on an eminence commanding an unobstructed view of the ocean. It is

built in the shape of a Grecian cross and measures one hundred two feet from east to west and seventyeight feet from north to south. The central portion of the edifice, which has

no towers, rises to a height of fifty feet and the temple grounds are most beautifully ornamented with tropical vegetation. The estimated cost was

two hundred fifteen thousand dollars.

NIGHT VIEW OF THE HAWAIIAN TEMPLE Writes President William M.

Waddoups who has presided over the Hawaiian Temple since its dedication: "It is, so far as I know, our

pleasure to have done the first work HAWAIIAN TEMPLE for any living persons of the folLAIE, OAHU, HAWAII lowing races, in any Latterday

First Latterday temple of the Lord to Saint temple: Chinese, Japanese,

be built away from the american mainland. and Korean. There have been enCommanding an unobstructed view of the dowments for a good number of

in Hawaiians performed other temocean from an elevation amid tropical a small number of Maoris have splendor, this house of the offers ples; lord

in the been endowed Salt Lake opportunity for service and salvation to Temple; I also think of a number the polynesian saints.

Samoans entered the Salt Lake Temple. I do not know that any

in the presence of the other two persons from other Polynesian brethren named, selected and dedilands have ever been endowed in cated a spot at Laie on the island of any of the mainland temples.

Oahu, for the erection of a temple.

PRESIDENT WILLIAM M. WADDOUPS "Thousands of tourists visit the

The matter was laid before the temple grounds at Laie every year.

the occasion of a visit to General Conference of the Church, It is one of the beauty spots of the the Islands Hawaiian in of held Salt City, 3, Lake October attracts all islands and almost of the ON President it F. Smith, 1915, Joseph and visitors then decided was by shores. to our come who

Apostle Reed Smoot, and Bishop unanimous vote to erect a temple in Free literature and guides are availCharles W. Nibley, in the summer Hawaii in the interest of the Polyable to our visitors. We feel that

of 1915, the erection of a temple at nesian Saints. The temple was this is one of the very important

Hawaii was discussed and on June dedicated by President Heber J. missionary opportunities offered to

1, 1915, President Joseph F. Smith, Grant November 27, 1919. our Church."

ibdittortaI

eternal journey of man, is reminded of the concJrie uiouse of the JLord ditions of eternal progress and of his own cove-

A temple is an edifice in which the most comnants to obey God's law, is impressed anew with prehensively sacred ordinances of the Church the necessity of making truth alive by use, and are performed. It is "a house of prayer, a house beholds again the glorious destiny of righteous

of fasting, a house of faith, a house of learning, man. His memory is refreshed, his conscience

a house of glory, a house of order, a house of warned, his hopes lifted heavenward. Temple

God."It is an earthly home of the Lord. repetition is the mother of daily blessings. WherTemples are necessary in every dispensation, for ever one turns, temple service profits those who

in them the Lord reveals Himself in person or by perform it.

His Holy Spirit, and out of them proceeds the Those who enter the temples and desire to obtain preparation of the world for its final destiny. In most from the experience must seek to purify their

the temples, time and eternity are bridged and the hearts in preparation. Only those who do so share

unity of the plan of salvation made apparent. fully in the blessings that flow from the temple.

Gospel living centers upon and is completed Unworthy persons, or those with minds fixed upon through temple activity. external things, who may enter, will not sense the

Spiritual power is generated within temple walls, essential beauty and value of the temple ordinances.

is in His and sent out to bless the world. Light from the The pure in heart shall know that God

house of the Lord illumines every home within the temple. It must always be kept in mind that the

Church fitted for its reception by participation in work in the temples, as in all divisions of the temple privileges. The path from the temple to the Church, is done by mortal, imperfect men, but that

home of man is divinely brilliant. Every home the story and lessons and issues of the temple enpenetrated by the temple spirit enlightens, cheers, dowment are divine and perfect. All who enter the

and comforts every member of the household. The temple must look through material imperfection into

peace we covet is found in such homes. Indeed, spiritual perfection.

when temples are on earth, the whole world shares All who use their temple privileges righteously measurably in the issuing light; when absent, the will receive peace, safety, understanding, and joy. hearts of men become heavy, as if they said, with Young, middleaged, and old—all need the help

it is well to seek for the people of Enoch's day, "Zion is fled."that the temples proffer. And

Temples are for the benefit and enlightenment temple blessings early in life. Much is lost throughof the members of the Church. In them are reout life when marriage is not entered into under the

vealed the keys of the Priesthood, and there power sealing authority of the temple. A temple is "a

... that they is given men "from on high"to meet the many place of thanksgiving for all saints

issues of life. There men may commune with the may be perfected in the understanding of their

forces of heaven, until doubt and questioning are ministry, in theory, in principle, and in doctrine, replaced by knowledge and certainty. The ordiin all things pertaining to the kingdom of God on

... and my presence shall be there, for I nances and ritual of the temple, profoundly meanearth

ingful, set forth completely and comprehensively will come into it, and all the pure in heart that shall the truths of life, explain the mystery of existence, come into it shall see God."Such blessings are

and make the Gospel more understandable. Those needed by every Latterday Saint, and the whole

who have received with open hearts the blessings world is in direct need of them.

of the temple go out with increased power and a Glorious events took place one hundred years new understanding of life's problems. ago when the Kirtland Temple, first in this disMen may rise through temple work to high levels pensation, was dedicated. Heavenly visions and

of character and spiritual joy. Once only may a spiritual manifestations of utmost value to humanperson receive the temple endowment for himself, ity were received. The spirit of the temple was

but innumerable times may he receive it for those upon the people. Pathetic and glorious is a sengone from the earth. Whenever he does so, he tence of the dedicatory prayer, uttered on March

performs an unselfish act for which no earthly 27, 1836: "For thou knowest that we have done

recompense is available. He tastes in part the this work through great tribulation; and out of

sweet joy of saviorhood. He rises towards the our poverty weliave given of our substance to build

stature of the Lord Jesus Christ who died for all. a house to Thy name, that the Son of Man might

Men who thus serve the dead go out of the temple have a place to manifest Himself to His people."

into the marts of men with renewed power to deal Does not that statement carry a lesson to us of fairly with others, to put into practice the golden this day?

command "Do ye unto others as ye would have Consider how poor we should be without our them do unto you."temples and the truths they represent! We praise

Yet there are immediate rewards in such vicarithe Lord for our temples and for our understanding ous service. Every time a person receives the of the use of them. May we ever be a templetemple endowment for another, he reviews the building, templeusing A. W. people!—/.

Temple presidents OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS SINCE

THE KIRTLAND TEMPLE DEDICATION A CENTURY AGO

SINCE NO undisputable record of the presiding officers of all latterday temples is available at this time, neither completeness nor absolute accuracy is claimed for this information, but from data now available in the Church Historian's office it appears that the men whose pictures are given below have presided over the temples sns of the Lord in this dispensation in the order named. For available dates and other

data see individual treatment of temples found elsewhere in this issue.

Reading from left to right:

Kirtland Temple

Joseph Smith

Nauvoo Temple

Brigham Young

St. George Temple

Wilford Woodruff John D. T.

McAllister David H. Cannon

St. George Temple

(Continued) Thomas P. Cottam

Edward H. Snow

Geo. F. Whitehead

Logan Temple

Marriner W.

Merrill r William Budge

Logan Temple

(Continued) Jos. R. Shepherd

William A. Noble

Manti Temple

Daniel H. Wells

Anthon H. Lund

John D. T.

McAllister

Manti Temple

(Continued) Lewis Anderson Robert D. Young;

Salt Lake Temple Lorenzo Snow Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

Salt Lake Temple (Continued) Geo. F. Richards

Hawaiian Temple

Wm. M. Waddoups

Alberta Temple

Edward J. Wood

i Arizona Temple David K. Udall

Charles R. Jones

Ancient TEMPLES Ct IBnef uxeview By J. M. SJODAHL

Of the Church Historian's Office "The History of the Temples of God is the History of

His people. When those places fall. His worshippers

become scattered. When the temples are again reared,

they gather, and as the people are faithfully 'standing in holy places,'the cause of the kingdom of God is advanced on earth as in heaven."—The Author.

J. M. SJODAHL

PJrom a long and colorful career as *- journalist, author, scholar and missionary Elder J. M. Sjodahl of

the Church Historian's office here brings to the readers of the "Era"a brief and thoughtful review of some of the ancient temples that have held significant place in the history of the Gospel on earth. Born in Sweden

in 1853, educated in Stockholm and

London, Elder Sjodahl was first a

Swedish Lutheran, later a Baptist, but became a Latterday Saint after coming to Manti, Utah, in 1886, and has since proclaimed the Gospel in all the world with his pen and with his voice. He has been editor of several

publications including the "Millennial

Star"in Liverpool during the World

War, and the Deseret News; he has

been staff member and frequent contributor to many more publications including "The Improvement Era."

He has filled missions in Palestine and Switzerland, published the Doctrine and Covenants Commentary,

The Reign of AntiChrist and other books, has translated several Church works into Swedish and has written and done research in many languages. In dealing here with Ancient

Temples J. M. Sjodahl condenses

AT JERUSALEM interest much RECONSTRUCTION OF SOLObrief space. a IN and information into man, as no other force in the world. ARTIST'SMON'S TEMPLETEMPLE THE FOREGROUND,

Hence, the history of the temples WITH OTHER STRUCTURES OF OLD of God is the history of His people. JERUSALEM IN THE BACKGROUND.

those places fall, His worWhen this heavenly tabernacle, or temple.Ezekiel, in his vision of the shippers scattered. become When

temple, saw running water the temples are again reared, they We read: "And I heard a great

issuing from the foundations gather, and as the people are faithvoice out of heaven saying, Behold, of it, which gradually swelled until fully "standing in holy places"the the tabernacle of God is with men, it became a large river that healed cause of the kingdom of God is adand he will dwell with them, and the waters of the Dead Sea and vanced on earth as in heaven. they shall be his people, and God

made it fit for living creatures. A brief paper on the temples of himself shall be with them, and be

(Ezek. 47.) It is not impossible God properly begins with a review their God."(Rev. 21:3.)

that this is a prophecy of what will of the tabernacle reared in the williterally transpire; but even if we derness by Moses. That was, as it The Tabernacle

it is strikfigurative, it asregard a replica were, of the tabernacle ingly true. the temples of into hands,"From which Christ made with "not ImmediatelySinai, had establishedafter the HisLord,coveon

God, in all dispensations, "living went, "having obtained eternal renant with Moses, as the representawater;"that is, spiritual force, has demption for us."(Heb. 9:11, 12.) tive of Israel, He commanded him

always flowed from the sacred serOne of the last prophetic visions to ask the people for freewill offervices, influencing the civilization of of the scriptures is one concerning ings with which to build a tent

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

Holy of Holies, the ark was kept, and the High Priest alone mighl enter this sanctuary.f

The Tabernacle, when Israel had crossed the Jordan, was first set up at Gilgal. Then it was pitched at

Shiloh. Finally when the Temple

of Solomon was completed, it was deposited there (2 Chron. 1:3-6).

and was possibly destroyed b> Nebuchadnezzar.

The Temple of Solomon

'"The plan and model of this historic structure were formed aftei those of the tabernacle. The utensils

were the same. It was surrounded

on three sides by chambers, each

it five cubits square, a and porch had OF HEROD OF RECONSTRUCTION THE TEMPLE forsuitable purposes. sacred They rose to a which height of hunone

it of contabernaclehad, a seems, cubits. also dred twenty Here were Its of height. consisted frame the the of presencegregation, where artistically pillars, finished two each cubits ten boards, one each by and manifested, (Ex.Lord 33:7), was cubits high. eighteen was One in silver sockets onehalf, standing built acdwelling required abut He called shall establish;"Jachin, "He together, yet joined firmly and to pattern. (Ex.cording a heavenly

is other, the Boaz, and "In Him easily apart. taken This box was silver, brass; Gold,25:9, 40.) strength,"the of object Just what costly curtains of with covered malinen finefabrics of yarn and and

is obelisks these stated. not was first terial workmanship. and The oil, hair; spices, skins,goats'onyx Paul in have had them mind may fine linen of embroidered one was fine stones, precious other andand he the when Christian compared in blue, figures of cherubim with needed. werewoods to hope [or "anchor,"an anchor scarlet. the purple This and was Israelites the the Before exodus soul, chain] "of the entereth which of ceiling. second was made The richly thehad been endowed by into that the within veil"(Heb. third rams'goats'hair of the and their in fear ofEgyptians, death who if they, perhaps, were, 6:19), by skins, red. cover outward dyed The at leave glad to see them anywere chains, of means connected the with material, "taof heavy some wasprice, easily obtain could they and interior of temple. the leather. of kind possibly hash,"some materials passingof such merchants

laver, font, or main baptismal The into interior divided two was did not produce. the The desertas

vessel, five a cubits copper huge was veil of a compartments, built means by tabernacle and was The ten high cubits to brim and from linen. first first rich of embroidered of the the Thereared on day

It brim. sixteen capacity a of had table of altar incense, of Its the golden year. completion the ofmonth gallons, a thousand stood and on candlegold the of beginning the shewbread and also a newwas of twelve oxen, a pedestal design

of furniture stick the constituted the history the in the of people.epoch

possibly, which, of a reminder was Place, to large the which room, recHoly oblong, building an This was tangular structure, thirty cubits* in only priests had access. In the fFor a detailed description, see Ex. 25:30

length and ten in breadth and smaller compartment, called the and 36:40. Also, Heb. 9.

*A cubit is about 18 inches, or, as some hold, 21 inches.

TEMPLE OF THE SUN, SAN JUAN TEOTIHUACAN. IT STANDS ABOUT

TWENTYFIVE MILES NORTHEAST OF MEXICO CITY, AND IS TWO HUNDRED AND SIXTEEN FEET IN HEIGHT.

Photograph by Dr. F. S. Harris.

. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

Another temple is yet to be reared on this ground which today is occupied by a Mohammedan mosque.

A few lines concerning this "Herodian"temple: If we were to

have entered the court of the gentiles, we should have found ourselves in a market place, where merchants and money changers had established themselves.

Before us and raised a few feet would have been the court of the women. On pillars along the wall

were inscriptions warning gentiles and unclean persons not to enter on the pain of death. (Eph. 2:13, 14.)

An ascent of fifteen steps led to the inner or men's court. These

two courts were the courts of Israel, and there the people prayed while the priests were offering sacrithe dedication of the tabernacle and the altar in the wilderness, when the

EL CHICHEN CASTILLO mighttwelve Israel—we MEXICO. ITZA, YUCATAN, ofthecall them princesapostles—broughtof by Dr. Photograph

ferings of the people before the F. S. Harris.

Lord in six covered wagons, drawn by twelve oxen. ( Num. 7.

The dedicatory prayer offered by TEMPLE OF QUETZALCOATL

King Solomon (2 Chron. 6:1442) IN FOREGROUND WITH

is perhaps the most sublime literary TEMPLES OF THE SUN composition in the Old Testament. AND THE MOON AT THE

In answer to that prayer, fire came LEFT IN BACKGROUND.

down from heaven, and the Glory SAN JUAN TEOTIHUACAN.

of the Lord filled the house, whereupon the entire congregation lifted up their voices in song and praise. Christian era, Herod the Great, unfices. (Luke 1:10.) There was

This temple kept its glory only dertook to repair and rebuild this also a court to which only priests thirtythree or thirtyfour years. temple. It is said that for nine years had access.

Then the Egyptian Shiskah invaded he employed eighteen thousand From the porch the Holy Place

Jerusalem and carried away the workmen, aiming at restoring the was entered, which was separated sacred treasure, as well as the splendor of the first temple. After from the Holy of Holies by the

shields of gold of Solomon. ( his death, the work of improvement double veil, that, at the time of the

Kings 14:2528.) After undergocontinued. At the beginning of the crucifixion, was rent in two, to indiing many profanations, the building ministry of Jesus, fortysix years cate that the way to the Heavenly

was plundered and burnt by the after the restoration had comFather had been made accessible by

Chaldaeans under Nebuchadnezzar, menced, the work was still going on the Mediator, Jesus Christ. (Heb.

in the year 584 B. C. (2 Kings 25: (John 2:20). When Titus in the 10:1922.)

1315.) year A. D. 70 took Jerusalem, he Here, at the time of the destrucThe Second Temple wishedit was toneverthelesspreserve thedestroyedtemple, butby tiongoldenof thecandlestick,Temple, Titusthe foundtable theof

1 A second temple was erected fire, as the first temple was destroyed shewbread and the trumpets by by Zerubbabel and the exiles who by the Chaldeans. which the priests had proclaimed

had returned from the captivity, but As has often been observed, it did the years of jubilee.

many of the older generation renot have the ark with the mercy seat, garded this structure as very much not the Glory of God (the SheOnias'Temple inferior to that of Solomon. (Ezra kinah), not the urim and thummim, Tt appears from Josephus that the

3:12.) In the year 163 B. C. it was but by the personal presence in it Jews in Egypt also had a temple.

profaned by Antiochus Epiphanes, of the Son of God, its glory was, Onias, son of the High Priest who erected an image of Jupiter on according to the word of the ProOnias, during the persecution of the altar of burnt offering, an outphet Haggai (2:9) greater than Antiochus Epiphanes, as so many

rage that brought Judas Maccabaeus that of the former temple. other Jews, fled to Egypt. Having

and his patriotic followers to the In parenthetical comment it may gained the favor of the sovereigns, front. After sanguinary encounters, here be remembered that the same Ptolemy Philometer and Cleopatra,

they recovered the city and the prophet, in the same verse, has the he asked them for permission to temple, purified the sanctuary and following prediction, yet to be fulbuild a temple in Egypt. He urged

repaired it, 160 B. C. filled: "And in this place will I give that it would be an advantage to

2. About twenty years before the peace, saith the Lord of hosts."their country to have Jews come

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 193 6

there to settle, as they would do, if parture from his elder brothers in land of Zarahemla (Mosiah 1:18;

they had a sanctuary there, and to their first settlement. It is stated 2:1-5) where the people gathered to

come there to yearly festivals, if not that it was constructed after the hear King Benjamin, when he abto settle permanently. Finally, he manner of the temple of Solomon; dicated in favor of his son Mosiah

was given permission to erect a only, it was less elaborate. (2 Ne. (2:29, 30) and gave the people to

temple for his people on the site of 5:16.) Curiously enough, Josephus, understand that, because of the

Isis in the district over which he was referring to the temple of Onias in covenant they had made with God, governor. He further justified his Egypt, uses practically the same exthey would be called the children of

plan by reference to Isaiah 19:19, pression as Nephi. He says, "Onias Christ, his sons and his daughters

20: "In that day shall there be an built a temple and an altar to God, (Mos. 5:6-11 ). Finally, there was

altar to the Lord in the midst of the like, indeed, to that in Jerusalem, a temple in the land of Bountiful, land of Egypt, and a pillar at the but smaller and poorer."where, after the crucifixion, our

border thereof to the Lord. And it In this temple Jacob, after the Lord manifested Himself and in a.

shall be for a sign and for a witness death of Nephi, in accordance with three days'conference revealed unto the Lord of hosts in the land a command of the Lord, delivered anew the entire plan of salvation,, of Egypt."the discourse in which he rebuked as recorded in 3 Nephi, chapters 1

The temple was completed on the the Nephites for their covetousness to 76, inclusive.

that unchastity and predicted but and Jerusalem, that in as modelsame de- A Temple at Cuzco would never be the Lamanites Onias was scale, and smalleron a invested with the High Priesthood. stroyed, because they had kept their fE have no detailed description:Descendants of Aaron were sent to marriage covenants. (Jac. 2:1214; W of any of the temples menassist him, and Levites were em23-35; Jac. 3:6.) tioned in the Book of Mormon, but,

ployed in the temple service. We read also of a temple in the undoubtedly, they were as gorgeous

as the economic circumstances of the people would permit.

HEWN MONOLITHS AROUND Prescott after describes, Wm. H. THE TEMPLE OF THE SUN,

others, SAN Sarmiento, the Peruvian and JUAN, TEOTIHUACAN, MEXICO.

temple at Cuzco, which, even if not originally built by Lamanites, suggests a Nephite or Lamanite model.

ABOVE, 10 ENTRANCE THE Mr. Prescott says it consisted of ENCLOSURE OF THE TEMPLE

OF THE SUN; BELOW, CLOSE- a principal building and several inOF UP VIEW CARVINGS ON ferior chapels, completely encomTHE INSIDE OF THE GREAT

GATE ENTERING THE TEMpassed by a wall, all constructed of

PLE OF THE SUN ENCLOSURE. stone. The interior of the temple

Photographs by Melvin J. Ballard. was literally a mine of gold. On

the western wall was a massive plate

This temple was open until the time of Emperor Vespasian, when it was ordered closed.

The relations between the Jews in

Jerusalem and those in Egypt seem to have been cordial, for in the

Apocryphal 2 Maccabees, chapter 1, there is a very brotherly letter advising the people in Egypt to celebrate the Feast of the Dedication in the month of Chislev, corresponding to our December, and more particularly—ouratChristmas!the time of the winter solstice

Book of Mormon Temples Ceveral temples are mentioned in the Book of Mormon. Nephi

built a temple soon after his deTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

of gold of enormous dimensions, thickly powdered with emeralds and precious stones. It was so situated

that the rays of the morning sun fell directly upon it at its rising, lighting the whole apartment with an effulgence that seemed more than natural, and which was reflected back from the golden ornaments with

TEMPLE OF THE WARRIORS, CHICHEN ITZA,

YUCATAN.

GREAT TEMPLE OF KUKULCAN, CHICHEN ITZA,

YUCATAN.

of Israel from the four parts of the earth, and the leading of the ten tribes from the land of the north"a prophetic declaration which is being fulfilled before our eyes today.

Then Elias appeared and, finally,

Elijah, the latter declaring that the time had come for his appearance before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. "Therefore,"he said,

"the keys of this dispensation"which the walls and ceiling were established forever."(D. & C. the great and dreadful day of theeverywhere incrusted. ( Evidently an 109:54.) Lord—"are committed into your

attempt to provide a substitute for In answer to the dedicatory hands; and by this ye may know

the Glory of God in the temple of prayer, Jesus appeared on Sunday, that the great and dreadful day of

Solomon. ) The cornices which surApril 3, 1 836, and assured his servthe Lord is near, even at the doors."

fir. C. 110:16.)rounded the walls were of gold, and ants that this was the beginning of (D.

a frieze of the same metal let into the blessings "which shall be poured "Wherefore, stand ye in holy the stone work encompassed the out upon His people."(D. & C. places, and be not moved until the

whole exterior edifice. All the 110:10.) day of the Lord come; for behold,

utensils for intended sacred purquickly, saith cometh the Lord. appeared Then Moses and comitposes of gold or silver. were (D. Amen."87:8.) to mitted & C. Oliver Joseph Smith and

Conclusion Cowdery "the keys of the gathering

NEAR VIEW OF THE TEMPLE OF QUETZALCOATL

Tt is not necessary to go into the details of the history of the modern temples. The subject is fully

covered by the Church historians and briefly reviewed elsewhere in this issue of the Era, But a concluding word may be permitted.

The Kirtland Temple which was dedicated on Sunday, March 27, 1836, was the scene of the most glorious manifestations since the dedication of the Temple of Solomon.

The dedicatory prayer was given by revelation. It was prompted by

the Spirit of the Lord. And among

other petitions we find this: "Have

mercy, O Lord, upon all the nations of the earth; have mercy upon the

rulers of our land; may those principles, which were so honorably and

nobly defended, namely the Constitution of our land, by our fathers, be ':r.}:-:y:-:i?--y<;::H':yt

Alberta temple CARDSTON, ALBERTA, CANADA

First of the latterday temples of the Lord to be erected outside of united states territory, the alberta

Temple stands on British soil, a monument to the tens of thousands of truthseeking british subjects who have rallied to the Gospel standard from worldwide British possessions since the early days of the restoration.

sion under the presidency of Brother came prepared to have their ordiand Sister William R. Sloan. They nance work done; they would stay

would come in well organized divitwo or three days and return to their sions from different states of the homes as orderly as they had come.

mission, so that not too many would They returned rejoicing at having come at a time; they would hold had their temple work done.PRESIDENT EDWARD J. WOOD

street meetings enroute and also in "Another outstanding honor to us

Cardston, and members j of the was the visit of their Excellencies

Church and nonmembers alike for Lord and Lady Willingdon with formiles around looked their Cardston distinguished being, company, in to theirTheAlberta,templeCanada,site at wasCardston,dediward came coming and representatives the first no doubt, cated July 27, 1913, by Presigreat numbers to attend their street of any king of the British Empire dent Joseph F. Smith in company and public meetings. The caravan to visit a Latterday Saint temple.

with other general authorities. Later, members, with their children, were They were extremely gracious and

on September 19, 1915, the corner-* well organized and brought their spoke to all our temple workers at stone was laid under the direction of tents. In many cases it was the first (Continued on page 263)

Apostle David O. McKay. This time they had visited a temple. They DAYLIGHT VIEW OF ALBERTA TEMPLE

temple was ten years under construction.

When the temple was finished it was dedicated by President Heber

J. Grant, most of the General Authorities being present, on August

26, 1923. Under the personal supervision of President and Sister

George F. Richards, actual temple

work was begun and has continued without interruption ever since.

Writes President Edward J.

Wood, who has presided over the temple since its completion: "We

have enjoyed many outstanding events in the operation of our temple. For seven years we were visited every July by caravans of

Church members and missionaries from the Northwestern States MisTemple activities n the missions By JAMES M. KIRKHAM

President East Central States Mission and

Director of the Genealogical Society of Utah

While members of the Church in the missions are prevented from doing actual temple work, they often have the advantage of being close to sources of genealogJAMES M. KIRKHAM ical information. those near the temples frequently do

ordinance work in exchange for research activities done

AS ingpresidentmission ofanda largeas oneandwhogrowhas by those in the missions.

long taken active interest in geneaElder James work, temple logical and is but question that there ancestors. their siasm no of to know more

qualiwell is peculiarly M. Kirkham children of the hearts "the at great expense that have Nonmembers activities permission discuss to fied tinent to temple service, which he printed genealogical histories of have turned to their fathers."When

does briefly in the accompanying their families. These records have asked why they are going to such

article. Brother Kirkham, former proved very helpful in aiding our expense and spending so much time

manager general assistant is their answer lineage. "Just this work, to obtain their on of the members publisher former and Deseret News de- a or perhaps, "Just about this thing a hobby,"The wonderful enviable has an Farmer, of the Utah

record of service and success in his genealogical and temple work is how sire to know who my ancestors many contributions to the Latterday the people in the world, nonmem- here Gospel. the AN cause He writes OF NAUVOO FROM TEMPLE of THE RUINS research so are bers, doing much BUILDOF PRINT. PART THE telling OLD THE president, mission as a

LONG HERE HAS zeal STANDING ING enthuSEEN and such with and the work enter to yearn those story who of DEMOLISHED. COMPLETELY BEEN SINCE themfor the Lord temples of the

selves and their dead, but who are prevented from so doing for financial and other reasons. And so they

make their contribution by research as they seek out their family histories.

sea, of the islands theFrom lands, missions in many from from nearly all parts of the United States we hear of Church members who are gathering the records of their deceased relatives, so that the work may be done for them in one of our temples. All this

because of a desire to redeem their dead and to provide for them every blessing the restored Gospel offers.

Temple work for the dead cannot be started until we know who our ancestors were and where they came from. We must first secure the correct names and other identifying information before records can be

made, and this is work that can be done in the missions away from temple accessibilities.

It is surprising to learn of the great amount of genealogical research work that is being done in the missions of the L. D. S. Church

all over the world. Many of our

members are active in this work, and in addition the Lord has touched the hearts of thousands of other people with a desire to seek after their dead,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

were."Others will admit they do the gathering and care of genealogIn former years the great majority

not know why. ical data. One finds in nearly every of the members of our Church acMen and women in many places public library of any size a genecepted the Gospel in the missions.

have been moved upon to organize alogical department often with a Where are they going when they societies whose purpose is to do large collection of information. seek for their dead? Back to their

genealogical research work. They Histories are being written of ancestral homes in the missions

have also formed great family orcounties and towns which are alwhence they came. Those born and

ganizations developing the love of ways helpful to the researcher. Men reared in the stakes of Zion also

ancestry and a greater desire to and women of means and often have to go back to the missions for gather family history. those of moderate circumstances are the genealogy of their forefathers.

In many countries the governwriting family histories that are very The mission presidents receive ments and some of their smaller subvaluable, not only to the immediate many letters asking for genealogical divisions are devoting time and family but to collateral lines. From help. The missionary's responsimoney to gathering and preserving such books many of the families bility is to teach and preach the

genealogical information, of which in our Church find helpful data. Gospel to the people and not to do

Germany is one example. A few Newspapers are devoting much genealogical research work. If this

years ago little or no enthusiasm space to genealogical material. Some great work of gathering all these

was shown by those people in geneGENERALROOM, SALTVIEWLAKEOFTEMPLEMAIN ASSEMBLY genealogies is to be done, local mem- (Copyright all in by the Trusteein-Trust. bers hasalogy. change missions must be taught a marked Today

rights reserved.) All

it. of do the great Because how tocome about.

interest a Central Society for racial Our immediate need is better research has been organized in Berof the great daily papers are using trained missionaries who can help lin 'with spacious rooms where all as much as one, two and even three the members and teach them how to are asked to send a copy of their pages regularly each week, all bemake acceptable records, how to genealogy. These copies are placed cause of the interest of their readers do research work, and how to prein archives for future use and referin genealogical research. pare temple sheets so the work for

ence. Government employees are An outstanding example of genethe dead can be done. In some of

required to submit an ancestral chart alogical activity among our the large branches this genealogical going back to their grandparents. members in a public library is to be work is being successfully carried

Once the pedigree is started it is found in Los Angeles. Hardly a on at the present time.

often taken back for many generaday passes but that a few go there, Because many of the members in tions. Genealogical researchers are and often the number is above the the missions live at great distances

trained and certificates given those fifty mark, to make use of the lifrom a temple and often are in who pass the requirements. brary's valuable genealogical books modest financial circumstances, they

In our country nearly every state and information. are prevented from doing the actual

now has its own state library or In New York a similar desire is temple work.

historical society where there is beshown by our members who are On the other hand there is an ing gathered the history and records seeking their dead and taking adadvantage to members who reside of those who helped build the state. vantage of the great opportunities in the missions in the matter of

In many of our larger cities there they have there in the genealogical genealogical research. They often

are libraries devoted exclusively to and public libraries. live near great libraries and record

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

houses and can visit the counties Temple activities in the missions ed in their genealogies and the tactful where their forefathers lived. Relare gaining momentum. As we missionary can often secure a conatives and old residents may be better understand the teachings of versation on this subject when other

contacted and interviewed for famJoseph Smith concerning baptism topics fail to interest at the time.

ily history and information. Unable for the dead we have a clearer Many missionaries come into the

to visit temples, they may concenknowledge of the statement he field with little or no knowledge of trate their energies on research and made: "For we without them cannot their ancestors. Like others, when

recordbuilding, the first important be made perfect; neither can they the Gospel is better understood their

step in temple activity. People livwithout us be made perfect."Knowhearts are turned to their dead and

ing in their native land have the ading this, there is a greater desire to they return home with a desire to do vantage of understanding local contrace our ancestry and have all temgenealogical work and take part in ditions, which is a big help in sucple ordinances performed for them. temple activities.

cessful genealogical research work. It was prophesied that "the earth So important is this work of gathDuring the last few years there will be smitten with a curse unless ering the genealogical story of our

have been many members of our there is a welding link of some kind ancestors and so essential are the

Church from every mission in the or other between the fathers and temple ordinances to each of them

United States and even from forchildren,"Since that time when it would seem that even a greater eign countries visit the temples at this message of baptism for the dead interest should be taken in it.

great expense of time and money. and temple work was given to the So great is the number of remarkThe automobile and cheaper methpeople of the world by Joseph Smith able testimonies that have come to

ods of transportation have aided there has been a yearly increase in those who are active in this work many in their desire to go to the all kinds of genealogical activities. that others should be encouraged to

temple for their own work. Salvation for the dead as taught do more. A century has passed

Many of the Saints in the misby the Church, has appealed to since temple activities first started sions, however, will never be able many and has led the way to a great in this dispensation. We see the

to visit a temple, for various reasons. number of conversions; thus it is an results. Can anyone comprehend

This condition calls for some close aid to the missionaries in their work. what the temple activities will be

cooperation between Saints living People are almost invariably interestin another hundred years from now!

near the temples and those in the missions. The ones near the temples can do the ordinance work.

Those in the mission fields can do the research. Returned missionaries

are doing a splendid service by helping in these coordination activities.

Thousands of names have been sent from some of the missions to the temples to have the work done for them. Members near the temples have been happy in doing this

work because of the realization that they were helping some of their brethren and sisters in bringing about the salvation of their dead.

Come of the mission genealogical organizations are modeled after the plan for stakes and wards. This

is done where local members are available to assume such leadership.

Under this plan, genealogical committees are organized in the branches. Members are encouraged

and instructed how to gather and prepare the records of their ancestors.

In other missions a missionary is placed at the head of the genealogical work and is assisted by local members, often appointed in the difTHERIDOR,UPPERSALT LAKECORferent branches or districts, where TEMPLE.

they help to supervise the work.

Whichever plan is used or whatTrustee-inTrust—(Copyright by the

ever method may be followed the Allreserved.)rights

problem is to reach the people and then help them, teach them how to make records and gather the definite information necessary for temple work.

Arizona templeDAYLIGHT VIEW, ARIZONA TEMPLE

MESA, ARIZONA Out of a desert land made fertile and rich by the faith and industry of its farseeing people, arose a holy temple sacred to the

Lord, to bless and bring salvation to those who live there now, to those who have long since passed beyond and to those who are yet to come.

President Heber J. Grant presided. Charles W. Nibley, all of the

There were present also both counTwelve excepting Reed Smoot, the

PRESIDENT CHARLES R. JONES selors, Anthony W. Ivins and Presiding Bishopric excepting John

Wells, the Church Patriarch and

November 28, 1921, Presimany of the wives of the presiding dent Grant dedicated the site brethren.ONon which the Arizona TemChoirs from several stakes and

ple now stands and this longlooked- missions, including a Lamanite for occasion was attended by fully choir from the Papago Ward renfive thousand people, many church dered a splendid musical program.

leaders from other sections being It is estimated that twentyfive also in attendance. thousand persons attended the variOn April 25, 1922, the first ous services, which were broadcast

ground was broken, President to all the chapels of Mesa.

James W. LeSueur holding the David K. Udall of the St. Johns

plow. Actual construction operaStake was chosen as president of

tion began under the supervision of the temple with James W. LeSueur

Arthur Price on January 5, 1923. as assistant. In 1932 Frank V, AnThe exterior dimensions of the derson was also set apart as an

edifice are one hundred twentyeight assistant to the president. In Janfeet north and south and one hunuary, 1935, Charles R. Jones sucdred eightyfour feet east and west. ceeded David K. Udall as president.

The! building is fiftyfive feet in The ordinance work has increased

height. The temple cost approximatefrom twelve thousand seven hunly threequarter of a million dollars, dred sixtysix in 1927, to one hunof which one hundred twentyfive dred seventysix thousand eight

thousand was donated in one day hundred fifty in 1935, and there are by the churchwide membership. twelve sessions a week organized

Construction work having ceased to accommodate the Saints of the in 1927, the First Presidency set Arizona Temple district. Over two

October 23, 1927, as the first day hundred thousand visitors were conof the dedication exercises, at which, ducted through the temple prior to and in all succeeding ceremonies, its dedication.

TEMPLE HOW WORK HELPS THE LIVING By RICHARD B. SUMMERHAYS

ttHpHE LIVING ARE THE CHIEF BENEFICIARIES OF TEMPLE SERVICE.

AS WE DO FOR THE DEAD WHAT THEY CANNOT DO FOR

THEMSELVES, THEY DO FOR US WHAT WE COULD NOT OTHERWISE

R. B. SUMMERHAYS DO FOR OURSELVES BY MAKING IT POSSIBLE FOR US TO GO CONTINUALLY INTO THE HOUSE OF THE LoRD, AND THERE, IN THE

T ONG years devoted to Church NAME OF THE DEAD, BE REMINDED OF OUR OWN COVENANTS AND *-* activity, with particular interest PROMISED BLESSINGS, AND PARTAKE OF THE SPIRIT OF WORSHIP in genealogical temple and work, AND SERVICE IN THESE HOLY PLACES."have this richly colored thoughtful

statement on the incalculable benefits service of temple to the living, continued temple service belong to he will properly exercise the talents written by Richard Berrett Summerhays. Elder Summerhays was born the living. that God has blessed him with, or

in Salt Lake City in 1887, early and fact will This become apparent which he acquired in the preexist- in life in engaged business in the the city when one considers ent state, mere all necessary and obey birth. his of In called, 1905 he was

to a mission in the Southern States, mechanics of the task of performing laws, he will grow in knowledge and was selected by Mission Presordinances by proxy for the dead. until he has acquired the power to

ident Ben. E. Rich to assist with the The greatest service that the Saints abide in the Celestial kingdom of

publication the Elders'of Journal. can render of in behalf in the dead, God, and will thereby be entitled nearly After two years in this spent fact is service, the only to to perform an assignment to that blessed activity sent he was President by

Rich to Independence, Missouri, to the ordinances of baptism, endowglory.

assist with the consolidation sealing, in the ment and and, the case of accept the conditions of naWe

Elders'Journal and the Liahona. of to men, ordained be to Priestthe tural growth: that to it is necessary Within a month after returning home proxy. these hood by After simple eat, drink, sleep, exercise for and his from mission in 1907, Brother

Summerhays was recalled to a misrites are finished it remains for the the body to grow and develop. We

sion in Independence to become departed to exercise their own faith, recognize the necessity for scholAssistant Manager Zion's Printof sins, repent of their that and so live ing and Publishing in Company, take of advantage they may which place the cation—butastic study if weone arewouldnotacquireso assurededuretained he was until

1920. Before leaving for Independcovenants made, by proxy, in their concerning the laws of spiritual

ence on his second mission, Elder behalf, and as a consequence enter growth. The satisfaction of hunger,

Summerhays married Eliza Searle into salvation. is for example, recognized as a physStirling who his has shared mission mechanical From the mere for and ical necessity the preservation of labors with him; to and them four cost standpoint it would no doubt mortal the life, but necessity for the children have born. been In August,

1924, Brother Summerhays was made be possible for the Church, as such, revealing power of the Holy Spirit

Secretary of the Genealogical Society to hire the work done at nominal to assist us in gaining a knowledge of Utah from position which he was rates, as it is even being done now of godliness are whereby dewe released in later 1928, to moving in large cases, of numbers in behalf is in spiritual veloped not so power California, is where he Missionnow ary Instructor and an active member of our departed dead whose genefully recognized. Nevertheless, to

of the Priesthood in Hollywood alogies have been gathered by their understand the laws which lead toStake. in The viewpoint this article living descendants are paying to godliness who in recognize ward and speaks the experience a of man who others for the to act as proxy dead life them the be just as way of and has realized in life the his own benefits of temple work to the living. because they cannot or for some reaassured of their inexorable stanson will not do it themselves. dards of obedience, is to recognize

Under such an arrangement, the the necessity for compliance with chief benefits would be to the dead, the terms and conditions of their but with the present individual parrequirements.

Temples? What is the ticipation and service on the part ofWhyprimary reason for their Church members the living are the HThe truth is that the laws of

building? chief beneficiaries of temple work spiritual development are just as

There seems to have grown in and every Latterday Saint should definite in their demands and just the minds of many Latterday Saints take pride in thoroughly underas sure in their results as are the the thought that the greatest blessstanding the deep significance of laws of physical development. Any

ings from temple building and temtemple activity in his life and just person who abides in the spiritual ple service belong to the dead. what it means to take full advantage laws of God can rest assured with

While ordinance work for the dead of the opportunities of temple serabsolute certainty that he will be is vitally important, and while they vice. "chosen out of the world"to live in

who have passed on are grateful When an infant is born into the a spiritual environment that is more beneficiaries because of our temple world he possesses all the potential enriching than any other earthly activity, the greatest benefits from powers of eternal progression. If blessing and that will enlarge his

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

spiritual powers to such an extent our right to receive His revealing discovers that joy in its truest sense that a place in the Kingdom of power. lies in righteous human service

judgwill await assists him at theGlory children he whereby God's j of day.ment *i.the ilaws orc his, to, understandj * The satisfaction andj obeyi -T-11 nus it,., is. that.1 the., holy,, \ templesr,,

appetite when he partakes of the become doorways to an unders andtheG L Petty jealousies and desired food in the required amounts mg of the laws of God through the mean attitudes tend to disappear, is not more assured than are the revealing power of the Holy Spirit, Judgments of others are made more results of compliance with the spirfor the real power of the Spirit nearly in keeping with the standards itual law. comes when the worthy member f godliness. There is a greater

To live the laws of spiritual deenters the house of the Lord, makes tendency to be patient with each velopment is therefore the way of sacred covenants with our Heavenly other's weaknesses, and altogether life, and the achieveone is led to join his ment of this goal is fellows in a bond of found in true religion as love that is in keeping it is provided by the with the standards set

Church of Jesus Christ for the Church by our under the direction of Heavenly Father.

the Priesthood and the This thought should guiding influence of the be kept in mind when

Holy Ghost. we enter the temple to

The important role do work for the dead.

played by the Holy It is a glorious privilege

Ghost as the Great to perform the importTeacher can best be ant service for the dead, realized in the statebut it is well that we do ment of Paul wherein not lay too much stress he says that "No man on what "we do for can say that Jesus is the them."There is a tenChrist but by the Holy dency to overestimate

Ghost."There is a very the extent of our service

intimate relation bein behalf of our kindred tween the operation of dead, and to forget the Holy Spirit and what we do for ourman's ability to comply selves.

with the law of acquirLet it be remembered ing a knowledge of that without the importGod. Without the reant work for the dead,

vealing power of the there is no continued

Holy Spirit in his betemple work for the livhalf, it is impossible for ing, and consequently one to even comprehend no temple worship.

the law of life much less While it is true that the to abide its terms and living enter into these conditions unaided. sacred covenants for

And just as no man can the dead and do for say that Jesus is the them what they cannot

Christ but by the Holy do for themselves, it is

Ghost, neither can anyalso true that we are one go on fully in the given the privilege of beway of life without making saviors on Mount ing covenants with God Zion when acting for in His Holy Temple the dead which enables and thereby receive the right to the (Co'pyrightTHE HOLYby OFthe HOLIES,Trusteein-Trust.SALT LAKE TEMPLE us to enter again into the house of

further revealing power of the Holy All rights reserved.) the Lord and there in behalf of the

Spirit. dead to engage again in the beautiful Father, and receives the keys of the

It follows then, that one blessPriesthood in the holy endowment. temple worship to receive the same

ing of the house of the Lord is to sacred ordinances and to make the enlarge the scope of the revealing 'ith this new protection, the same holy covenant.

is strengthworthy memberprivilege Spirit of to the W the the Holy dead Thus do for us what we temptation, ened to avoid andindividual. as baptism permits Just for ourselves, to cannot opening do by struggle for betin his quest onward

the Holy Ghost, the "Great ter things. His viewpoint on life is again the portals of the temple for

Teacher,"to reveal that Jesus is the changed. Instead of stress being our further blessing by the use of

Christ, so entering into sacred covelaid so much upon material wealth their names as a passport to God's nants that pertain to God's Holy that can only satisfy passing physholy house. Let us look upon this

House and that are essential to exical needs and appetites, the mind great labor of love in its true light altation in the kingdom of our Heavis changed to see in a -human soul and in humble appreciation acenly Father increases the scope of the greatest handiwork of God. One knowledge the wisdom of a great

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

and merciful Heavenly Father who that the friend could not do for himtrated by the necessity for daily food thuschildren—bothplans His workthe livingto blessandall Histhe self,houseandof thebecauseLord hein wenthumilityto thehe andting applicationexercise, andof ourfor theforcesunremitin the

dead. received the manifestation of the acquisition of knowledge. So it is

Thus our Heavenly Father has Spirit that made him the recipient of that God has designed His holy provided a dual purpose for temple the blessing that is so rich in its rehouse to be a house of knowledge service and an environment of proward to those who thus serve. Here as well as a house of prayer. In it

tection the like of which is not found then is the value of the true law of is provided a school of vast imporanywhere else in all the world. service and sacrifice made manifest. tance. Before temples were built in

And now, after these great blessTo those who can bring themselves this day, a knowledge of the true ings what are the particular advanto compare true values and recogway of life had long been withheld tages in a continuation of the temple nize the rewards that come to those from the world; but when temples

service? The answer to this importwho can devote themselves to serwere built again there was revealed

ant question determines the attitude vice while they forego some of the to man for the first time in centuries of the individual towards this acoutward show and personal conventhe true purpose of existence.

tivity. iences of mortal existence, come

ago, the writer time short this was brings us face to face the of reality iature picture And fromA these richer blessings. 'T'he ritual of the temple is a minprivileged to a of accompany the real rewith objectives one exalted eternal to the of preexistence

cent convert on his first trip to the THE(Co'pyrightBAPTISTRY,by theSALTTrusteein-Trust.LAKE TEMPLE world, so portrayed that the visitor

temple. As we were leaving the All rights reserved.) to the house of God may visualize

temple city the friend remarked: the nature of his being and the way

"There was something strangely continued temple service after we of his journey through life to the different between the second and the have first entered into sacred coveportals of the Celestial realm.

first sessions at the temple today. nants with our Heavenly Father that One cannot comprehend all of

Can you tell me what it was? So we will not only serve Him and keep these tremendous truths at one time.

far as I can see we did exactly the His commandments as we promised They grow on one as he progresses same things, heard exactly the same to do when we were baptized, but in a knowledge of godliness, and words, and entered again into exthat we will surround ourselves with repeats his temple visits. Temple

actly the same covenants."the protecting influence of His Holy attendance, provided it is accomIn answer another question was Spirit as it is manifest in His holy panied by the attitude of true worput to him, "Think now, was there house, and strive to keep ourselves ship, reveals the magnitude and

not something fundamentally differwholly unspotted from the sins of grandeur of the knowledge of godent in your relationship toward the the world. liness that is the reward of those

second session?"If it were possible for an indiwho seek the Lord in spirit and in

After a moment's thought he said, vidual to achieve any goal with one truth in the true order of heaven.

"Surely there was; at the first sesfell swoop there were no need for The temple provides the requisites

sion I appeared in my own behalf; the continual step by step progress for the realization of these great

at the second I did the work for a that is the accompaniment of all blessings, so it is first of all a haven friend who is dead."growth. Progress is made by conof peace, and a place where the

He had done a work for a friend tinuous and easy stages, as illushush of reverence casts its holy spell

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

upon the visitor. Because the temquicken his understanding and enple is holy, no unclean thing may large the scope of his vision so as to

enter it, and so the peace of heaven comprehend greater things pertainis there. If the temple worshipper ing to the Kingdom of God, and the

has kept the commandments and if answer to his prayer of faith will his mind is pure because "virtue has be given and he will be made to garnished his thoughts unceasingly"understand the lesson that is next in and his confidence has waxed strong order for him to receive. Be it rein the presence of the Lord, he enters membered that many sacred lessons

the portals of the temple with the of life cannot be learned in any other realization that he is in the very place than within the sacred prepresence of the Infinite where the cincts of the holy temple.

peace and quiet of the heavenly The worship completed, the sarealm drive away distraction, bringcred work for another soul done, the ing the soul to a high spiritual plane worshipper again finds himself surand preparing it to receive the blessrounded by the influences of a coning of teaching by revelation from fused world, but also with the reali- a higher power. zation that he has been close to the

As the service proceeds the Great Throne of Grace and has received

Teacher begins His task of enlargthe strength that has come as a reing the understanding. So if the sult of the repeated experience

worshiper has prepared his mind by which enables him to endure the to of faith the prayerstudy and by trials of another period of contact FRONT VIEW, MANTI TEMPLE it, will Spiritreceive the Holy with the struggles of mortality. The

SPIRAL STAIRWAY IN peace of the holy house is thus transmitted in a measure into the home,

MAIN ASSEMBLY ROOM and the standards of home life are

SALT LAKE TEMPLE moved upward toward heaven and the strength to practice the true principles of correct living in keeping with the law of righteousness is gradually acquired.

Over and over again in repeated service in behalf of the departed dead the temple worshipper performs his sacred labor of redemption and in return receives the enrichment that comes from the repeated reminder of his sacred covenants, the new lesson of revelation, and the further strength to meet bravely life's problems. Step by step and

little by little as one is mellowed by the refining influence of the Heavenly Presence one is brought to see the true worth of the souls of men.

The environment provided by the association of men and women whose lives are pure by reason of this same service is a protection from evil that is of great value and one that gives a peculiar richness to the joy of living.

The association with the Priesthood and other church activities becomes most sacred and enriching in its blessings of joy and the world becomes a spiritual paradise of peace and happiness. One learns to forgive, to see the lovely and beautiful

side of men and women and to cherish them for their better selves.

The desire for inordinate gain disappears and is replaced by a sincere urge to assist as many of God's children as possible to purify their lives and find salvation and exaltation. The sweet joy of righteous

(Copyright by—the Trusteein-Trust—All ihts reserved.) {Continued on page 253)

Genealogy PARTNER of TEMPLE WORK By ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT

Secretary of the Genealogical Society of Utah

the Church, the turning of the The doctrine of baptism for the thoughts and interests of children to dead was first announced in public their parents was worldwide in its by the Prophet Joseph Smith when effect. The result was felt almost preaching the funeral sermon of Col.

immediately. Scarcely more than a Seymour Brunson, who died in Nauyear had elapsed before the laws of voo. August 10, 1840. The first

ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT England required that all births, complete modern endowments were

marriages, deaths and occurring in administered 4, in Nauvoo on May in Elijah coming of THE '\\7ith England or to subsequent Wales 1842. Interest of in the records turning of the 1836, VV April

the thoughts and interests of the chilJuly 1, 1837, must be officially regforefathers was keeping pace with dren to their parents was worldwide istered and the records carefully this development in temple work, in its effect. Scarcely more than a preserved in a central place. and a year before the dedication of

year later England passed laws requiring that all births, marriages and deaths must be officially registered and that such records must be carefully preserved in a central place.

Other nations followed. Ancestral

records began to be collected. Numerous genealogical societies came

into being; libraries began to collect

family histories and there followed an amazing growth of genealogical activitycountries"-—soin practicallywrites Elderall civilizedArchibald F. Bennett, secretary of the

Genealogical Society of Utah, whose long and devoted service in this capacity have contributed much toward the worldwide collecting and organizing of genealogical data for use in

Latterday Saint Temples where the work of uniting families in patriarchal order is being carried on.

that day one hundred ago when the resurONyears rected Prophet Elijah stood before Joseph and Oliver in the Kirtland Temple and committed into their hands the keys of the sealing power of the Priesthood, two great latterday activities had simultaneous birth. The power thus restored

had a twofold application—first to

turn the hearts of the children to SEALING ROOM the fathers, and plant in the hearts FOR THE DEAD, of the children the promises made to SALT LAKE the fathers, and second, to give auTEMPLE.

orby the the higher administer tothority (CopyrightTrusteeitTrust—the most to teach anddinances All rights

advanced principles of the Gospel in reserved.)

temples of the Lord.

While the latter phase applied directly only to faithful members of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

the Nauvoo Temple, the first genearesult of the power restored by to their parents, and continue on logical society had been formed in Elijah the Prophet. Embodied in back, linking them up in the eternal

New England. Hand in hand, the prayer offered by President Wilorder of the Priesthood, we should

shoulder to shoulder, and step by ford Woodruff at the dedication of have need, eventually, of every genstep, the closely associated activities the Salt Lake Temple is this precious ealogy that has been compiled up of genealogical research and temple gem: "As Thou hast inclined the to date or will yet be compiled.

service have ever since kept pace hearts of many who have not entered These records fall t within two with each other. Indeed they may into covenant with Thee to search main classes—those tracing back to

be regarded more properly as two out their progenitors, and in so domany progenitors on the various phases of the same glorious mission. ing they have traced the ancestors lines of one individual, and those

There is no need to repeat what of many of Thy Saints, we pray following down the records of all has been so frequently described Thee that Thou wilt increase this the descendants of a progenitor, the amazing growth of genealogical desire in their bosoms, that they such as of an early immigrant to activity in practically all civilized may in this way aid in the accomthese shores. We have equal need

countries, affecting all ranks of soplishment of Thy work. Bless them, of both types of genealogical record.

ciety, the numerous genealogical we pray Thee, in their labors, that Every person who attains to the societies that have been organized, they may not fall into errors in prehighest exaltation in the Celestial the earnest desire of millions to paring their genealogies; and furkingdom must be connected in temknow of their forbears, the great aid thermore, we ask Thee to open new ples by the sealing power of the

the government has given towards avenues of information, and place Priesthood with all his progenitors the making and preservation of recin their hands the records of the back to the beginning, and he in ords, and gathering them into cenpast, that their work may not only turn must have connected with him tral archives where they are made be correct but complete also."* by sealing all his descendants down

lives latest that generation to the all ancestral to ofaccessible seekers have Saints Latterday "Decause earth. the upon Practicallyrecords. every modern, missionour gathered by been that "children taught Prophet The its library genealogup-todate has a are nations, aries from many we their perfect without cannot beical section researchwith crowded people. representative highly Withif is fathers."apparent This weers, swells enorthe year every and living in deare the found Church this realize earth that becomes when total histories family of andmous all families practically of scendants of the Celestial a order kingdom, of genealogical records valuesource of even Europe, of and and America patriarchal, will here government bethat press. the issued have from If earth. each parts of the other all will orinhabitants the and be is indication that every geneThere our trace back of us should one is family. as vast ganized This one it is is,alogical research, as great parents lines, sealing our ancestral in following the well explained its at beginning.only grandparents their the parents, to P. Pratt: Parley of Elder words all this are that convinced We

activity has come about as a direct * House of the Lord, page 165. "The order of God's government, both

THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF

UTAH JIOSEPH SMITH MEMORIAL BUILDING, 80 NORTH MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

family organization, so that every ordinance necessary for them to obtain a fulness of happiness hereafter may be administered in their behalf in the temples of the Lord.

With such an objective, Latterday Saints, in compiling their records, should be absolutely insistent that they be accurate in every particular and so complete as to include a proper record of every individual in every family. Nothing short of

a true record will serve the divine purpose in carrying out our part of the plan for the redemption of the dead which was ordained and prepared before the foundation of the world.

There are more records available today in genealogical research than ever before. The records now being prepared are, on the whole, much

more nearly accurate than those formerly published. The Lord is

influencing His children everywhere to gather and preserve the records of the living and the dead. The

part of Church members is to utilize these gathered treasures wheresoever they are available to them, to analyze and check carefully the conclusions presented by the compilers, supplement by their own research efforts what is left undone by others, their ancestral lines as are veriand

IN GENEALOGICALCORRIDOR THE of and sceptre. counted a throne worthy fied fully established, administer and BOOKUTAH,SOCIETY OF SHOWING of the organization order and Such is the HISTORIES FAMILY OFSTACKS their the for required ordinances the celestial family, of the nature such COMPILATIONSAND GENEALOGICAL

thrones, principalities, and powers which kindred dead in the temples.

in time and in eternity, is patriarchal; that are the reward of diligence."Down through the years comes

is, it is a fatherly government. Each father Thus it is incumbent on every the Prophet Joseph Smith's ringing

who is raised from the dead and made a aspirant for Celestial exaltation to appeal:

fulness, in in its the Celestial glorypartaker us, therefore, "Let a as Church a and his lineage, back obtain comwill jurisdiction his lawful over hold own trace offer Saints, as Latterday unto and plete information or sufficient families ail thechildren, over which and offering in repeople,the righteousness, an and Lord all famgarding each of every generations,spring through member from them in temple, let us present His holy a book

. thefor ever and ever... Thus gradations ily lines all ancestral the dead, records to containing group on of our which

will the in regular degrees from descend his inidentify each one satisfactorily, so shall be worthy of all acceptation."with of the Ancientthrone of Days

numerable subjects, down to the least and that all may be joined together in the RESEARCH ROOM IN THE LIBRARY OF last Saint of the last days, who may be bonds of sealing in this Celestial THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

THE KIRTLAND

TEMPLE KIRTLAND, OHIO (Refer also to cover and table of contents)

TheatedKirtlandon an elevationTempleoverlookis situing the surrounding country, about two and onehalf miles from

Willoughby and eighteen miles from the center of Cleveland, Ohio.

The activities of the Kirtland

Temple were presided over by Joseph Smith, Jr., Joseph Smith, Sr.,

Hyrum Smith, Oliver Cowdery, Frederick G. Williams, and Sidney

Rigdon.

In commenting on Sidney Rigdon's dedicatory address, which preceded the dedicatory prayer, Joseph the Prophet wrote:

in the of his time course one "... At reABOVE: TEMPLE SITE AT INDEPENDENCE, BELOW: TEMPLE SITE AT FAR WEST, pathetic, rathermarks, and he drew was MISSOURI MISSOURI

DEDICATED SITES ON WHICH NO TEMPLES HAVE BEEN BUILT By ANDREW JENSON Assistant Church Historian Temple Site in Independence ThemoreChurchthan a wasyear notold whenmuch Temple Site in Far West,

Missouri the subject of temple building became popular among its members, ("Iround was broken for a temple as the Lord His had commanded in Far West, 3, Missouri, July to people erect buildings. such Al1837, PRESIDENT JOSEPH SMITH and the cornerstones were

arrival after most immediately the laid 4, 1838. July further Nothingtears from eyes. then taking many was He first of the of colony Latterday toils, retrospective privations, of the viewa until was done April 26, 1839, when in site Saints Missouri a temple was anxieties of those laboredand had who the Apostles, in Twelve fulfilment of

of erect the walls to the them;upon house dedicated at Independence, Jackson revelation, a held secret a conference there added, thoseand were wet had who 3, Missouri, County, 1831, August the on site temple silent tears, their in withthem the and shades recommenced

of night, while they were praying to the but nothing further has hitherto been the building of the temple by rollthe erection done toward to protect stay of heaven them, andGod of that ing a large stone up to one of the spoilers,the of ruthless unhallowed hands temple, as the Saints were expelled corners. uttered This prophecy, the a had proposed temple whenwho in founfrom Jackson by County mobs

laid, thatdation the walls was never would would have been one hundred is site in which 1833. The temple now reared.be

Six hymns were used in connecthe hands of the socalled Hedten feet long and eighty feet wide, tion with the Kirtland Temple dedirickites, but in the future it is exaccording to plan, was never built cation, four of which were written by pected that a magnificent house of because the Saints were driven from

W. W. Phelps whose varied usethe Lord will be erected in IndeMissouri in 1839. The site, how-

(Continued on page 257) pendence, Missouri. ever, is now owned by the Church.

SALT LAKE TEMPLE (See also frontispiece and interior views, elsewhere in this issue.

is one hundred feet longTheCitytemplewas selectedsite inby SaltPresidentLake andSalt theLakeestimatedTemplecosttookwasfortyfouryearsmileighty-sixThis templeand onehalf

Brigham Young July 28, 1847, lion dollars. and ninetynine feet wide. It has

four days after his arrival in the The Salt Lake Temple is built of three towers on the east and also

Great Salt Lake Valley, and dedicatmassive granite, taken from the three towers on the west end. The

ed February 14, 1853, The cornermouth of Little Cottonwood Canmain tower, which is the central stones were laid April 6, 1853, the yon, about twenty miles from Salt tower on the east end, is two huncapstone placed in position April 6, Lake City. It stands on the east dred ten feet high and is surmounted

1 892, and the building dedicated by half of Temple Square and occupies by a statue of the Angel Moroni.

President Wilford Woodruff, April a commanding position in Salt Lake The Salt Lake Temple is by far the 6, 1893. Hence the erection of the City. (Continued on page 258)

:.. ).

PROGRAM FOR OBSERVANCE Short hikes along the trail or visits of interest points with descriptionsOF 107TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE STANDARD QUORUM to history, games, sports, andRESTORATION OF THE AWARD of Pioneer character, refreshments.preferably

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD T I 'he standard quorum award is to The historic place or trail being visPresiding the recognition ited * be a by the should be given major attention \5tti: 107th AnniFriday, May to every Bishopric the Church of put into real enjoyment and as much of the Restoration.versary that standards the reaches quorum possible. as the day's program

will consist prescribed. of award The Saturday, \6th: Annual May one17th: and Sunday, Two May suitable certificate, for appropriate an Pilgrimage Priesthood andAaronic talks half School and minute in Sunday permanently, preserving and framing Exercises.Commemoration Theme to regular the be Meeting Sacrament to the to upon presented quorum be is It Pioneers."sug-"Honoring Our the of Aaronic conducted by members officers stake occasion suitable by a

that Priestgested Aaronic Stake each Priesthood. Bishopric. Presiding the representing

hood Committee organize and conduct A standard quorum is one where pilgrimage place important toa some standards the have been following PRIESTHOOD AARONIC interest history. inof This Pioneer met: ANNIVERSARY TO BE

1. yearly quo* follow the Set up and stake eitherplace within be may OBSERVED in accordance program meeting rum far place, ator too other not some

distant, and that at the appointed place with the recommendations of the Suggested Program for Sunday 1936. Bishopric for to Presiding of interest programan appropriate Evening, May 17, 1936 2. proyearly follow a and Set up Priestboys young and men of Aaronic activities fraternal and gram of social Priesthood Aaronic Sunday be provided. agehood in the with recommendaaccordance

tions for 1936. Theme; Honoring the Priesthood

Places to Visit record3. Haveof 60%an oraveragemore duringattendancethe Bishopric Presiding. Priest with two

To those stakes within reasonable year.4. Have 75% or more members fill 1. assistantsOpening Song—"Come,conducting. Come, Ye

distance from the original Mormon assignments during the year. Saints."

5. Salt obto Bridger Trail or membersPioneer from Fort more Have 75% 2. a Teacher. Prayer—by as serving the of Wisdom is Word this historic City, unhighwayLake 3. Priesthood Chorus. Aaronic the the report annual by shown of interest greatest probofdoubtedly and 4. Service. Sacrament as the Bishop December of of Ward activities the theably of day may officiate. Priests to 31, 1936.

trail.center that imaround Other to Sacrament prepare 6. Teachers the or more of mem* Have 75%

historic Trailsportant Pioneer and bers the year earn during table. money who

places include the Mormon Battalion pay tithing, as shown on the annual Deacons to pass Sacrament.

Trail in Arizona and California, the report of the Bishop of the Ward as (For suggestions regarding SacraSalt 1936. to 31, Trail from San Lake December ofMormon for lessons see Service ment

7. or more members trail coast, Have the old theBernardino 50% and fifth in third, fourth weeks and in or more quorum two trailto to Big participate the the Genoa, Nevada, Priests', in Teachers', March projects. service in colonies PioneerHorn, and Mexico outlines. lesson and Deacons'Priesthood Aaronic Stake Commitin the Luis Juan andCanada, San San the of Story "The tees will requested to check on 5. Presentation be

traildistricts, later the to and Parowan to the each recommend quorum and (15 minutes). (Seeto St. George, the CorinneMontana Presiding Bishopric the quorums Restoration"—separate suggestion.)

the hisTrail Idaho, through Utah and reached which have of the Restoration the the standards 6. "What

toric places entitled Northern Utah, in Southern to recognition. are and has Priesthood meant to

at in Eastern Utah,and the Nevada, (5 min- a World"—by Priest—in points Colorado,Pueblo and other utes )

inin in Program Sample Oregon; Arizona, Wyoming, 7. SpirSmith as a Pioneer Joseph places the important whereHawaii Singing: itual "Come, (5 Come, Ye Saints."and Temporal

first in the Affairs—in establishedMormonism was

) Teacher. a Prayer: By minutes

interestingIslands. are so There many or Instrumental Singing Music: 8. quarchorus, Priesthood Aaronic

all in of the parts points importantand etc. quartet, Chorus, tet, duet. or

history wasChurch where Mormon gathered Talk: have for "Wliy our we planned have we 9. What stories so are those Pioneer andmade place, brief of history the this year. Aaronic here"—Afull interest selection that a of the of its there, history occurred what why minutes.) (5 Priesthood—left issuitable stake place the to comPriest. should a be of Chairman ( Ward preserved—By—case, inmittee, should seek every which limit.) (Six minutes Priesthood. Aaronic the ofthe cooperation approval and in Pioneering"Talk: "Experiences is also 10. who Remarks—Bishop, presidency.stake Pioneer, preferably a one Priestwho the president of Aaronic—By

participated in the event being comhood in the ward—( 8 minutes )Type of Program memorated. (Not too long.) 11. Closing Song-—"We Thank Thee

Music: Chorus or Instrumental. O God for a Prophet."

The program should be planned to Talk: "Our obligations to our Pio12. Benediction—By a Deacon.interest and instruct boys and young neers"—By a member of the stake Suggestions: On the stand. Bishmen particularly. Their participation presidency. (Six minutes.) opric; three Priests, who are conductand enjoyment should be the first conTalk: "How the Aaronic Priesting; all Aaronic Priesthood supervisors

sideration. The program should inhood can Pioneer Today"—Chairman and presidents of all Aaronic Priestclude entertainment, instruction, inof the stake Aaronic Priesthood comhood quorums.

spiration, and refreshments. A sample mittee. Careful attention should be given to

program, the formal exercises of the Pioneer Stories: By a good story greeting people at the door and usherday, is suggested herewith: teller. (Not too long.) (Continued on page 249)

Ward Teacher's Message for May, 1936 nesscentlytobeena littleplacedvolumein mywhichhandshascalled,reTHE LAW OF TITHING—THE LORD'S TENTH "Dealing Squarely With God."The Relationship of Money and

Tn the month of May each year a tribution for community needs than the Property to Christianity: "You can

A campaign is carried on throughout simple plan of tithing."Elder James E. usually tell the sincerity of a man's

Talmage. puts everythe to encourage Church he in anything member by the way the that a interest "It has been said measure of the of the beento study it has Lord into it."Indeed word his money Christianity be determined by on this man's may

important subject and to make every the way he gets and spends his money. said that the measure of a man's Chrispossible effort to make individual pracWhen a man gives his money he is giving tianity may be determined by the way

tice conform to the commandments. In himself and the way a man gives his money he gets and spends his money. It is

all meetings of all organizations during is the way he gives himself."Elder Stephen said that Jesus had more to say about

the month five minute talks are to be L. Richards. money and property, strange as it may

given, discussing tithing from various "In the revelation the use of the words seem, than about any other subject, "shall""require"leave room and no parcarefully talks thirtyeightangles. His of should be for in sixteen of These

is that revelation the doubt mandatory.

folare property in advance. made wellprepared and ables The money quibbling There on these room for is no

lowing excerpts are given as a guide points."Dr. George H. Brimhall. His themes.

to study and preparation of fiveminute "1 can always get along better and be Money and Myself: After all, "Is

talks and for teaching tithing in the more prospered, more blessed, and certainly not money myself? Money is the

houses of the people: more satisfied in my heart and soul at the medium for which men exchange their

1 the if get per with year 90 along end of labor. ingenuity, abilities, and When verily the that sons are they of "And his cent."the give cent ten per Lord and is giving his he gives money a man Priest-'receive theLevi, the office who of President Nibley. Charles W. his gives a the himself, man and to way the takehood, a have commandment 14:1820; references: Genesis Other Malhimself. istithes gives to the law."the according the people he of way money 3:7-12, 4; also achi Chapter Third Nephi

4-8. 7:1, 2, I Hebrews man, is laboringRead myself. a Money am 31:5-10; 24:10, 11; Chronicles 2 Nehemiah

all will shalt I give that thou of "And me pickaxe shall wield say, a can and we 13:1013. 64:23. Cov. Doc. and

surely the thee."tenth give unto Read at for out a hire myself week and

28:2022.Genesis the close of the dollars day. a At two all tithe the land, the whether of "And of

it I I dollars put twelve and get week TITHING THE land, OF the fruit seedthe the or the LAW of of of tree, is the Lord's; it is holy unto the Lord."By Elder Stephen L. Richards in my pocket. What is that twelve

Leviticus 27:3033.Read

Christ approved the tithe but made plain of the Council of the Twelve muscledollars?putItintois agreenbacksweek's worthand pocketof my

the fact that other duties were none the less "jlY subject is tithing. I can scarcely ed. That is, I have a week's worth of

imperative. Read Matthew 23:23. hope to contribute a single new myself in my pocket. So when a man

direct law renewed by was The of tithing he he"has earned, that felt this gives to matter, thought the money but I have revelation to at Smith Far Joseph West, himself. is Giving of giving that serve of importance the it would this 1838. 8,Missouri, shall July be "And "not is I interest, are to commanded worship. challenge your have and literallyWe tithing the beginningthe people."of of my

Read Doc. and Cov., Sec. 119. hoped that some good might result from to appear before the Lord empty-

"Human wisdom has failed to devise a a discussion of it. For some things handed."Not that the Lord needs the

more equitable means of individual conthat I may say I acknowledge indebtedgift, but that man needs to give.

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

{Continued from page 248) j ||j ing. (See lessons for fifth week in The contest for these awards was

May and first week in June in all started on October 1, 1935. The

quorum lesson books for suggestions.) deacon plaque is for quorum activity

The Sacrament Service should be and is presented each quarter to the carefully planned with every detail outstanding deacon's quorum (we have given careful consideration. four quorums). The quorum that wins

times gains permanent four the plaque detail the of should program Every it. of possession in prepared well advance,be and where

rehearsals and special preparation are The medals are presented each quarrequired, they should be planned and ter to the outstanding deacon and announced definitely as soon as posteacher and a good book is presented sible. to the outstanding priest. (Last quarter we presented the outstanding priest

FOREST DALE WARD with "The Articles of Faith.")

ENCOURAGES ACTIVITY Our percent of average attendance, including adults, at the commencement

TCorest Dale Ward in Granite Stake of this contest was 27% and it has risen *"has adopted a plan to encourage to 55% at the close of January and will quorum and individual activity. The show a greater increase in February.

purpose, plan, and results of the plan We started our adult class on January are summarized in a statement from 13th and have had fourteen men out the ward Aaronic Priesthood commitAWARDSQUORUM USEDPLAQUEIN FORESTAND DALEINDIVIDUALAARONIC to these meetings each Monday evetee which is as follows: PRIESTHOOD PLAN. ning.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M.

ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM. I.FOX,A. CANNON, GRANT LUCY Q. MORRIS GEORGE

Offices Y. A. BEESLEY, M. I. A. General CLARISSA W. FRANKLIN WEST NOY, ELSIE VAN HOGAN BUILDING A. OSCAR KIRKHAM,L.

Secretary Secretary Executive UTAH SALT33 BISHOP'S LAKE CITY,

Send all Correspondence to Cdmmittees Direct to General Offices

MAKE APRIL AND MAY will pay the cost of these individualOUTSTANDING MONTHS awards. They should be presented on Seniors

the Ward Honor Day.

A LL wards are encouraged and urged Last year an additional pin priced April has come again and class to continue the holding of their at 25c was provided for individual *\ leaders are ready to close their regular meetings until the date set for achievement to be purchased by indiyear's lesson work, but there are somethe Honor Day—May 19th. We are viduals themselves. Twelve hundred subjects of paramount importance to

desirous that every department may of these pins were sold. This same pin our communities just opening up for

achieve class class discussion. Leaders and in this item: the completion of is this year available for those who may

its work. effort to alike should it. members make an to purchase wish

WARD AND STAKE Department Achievement beneficialtranslate action.these closing lessons into

entitled lesson the Under "CommunHONOR DAYS

Life,"As an award to departments which ity Successful to Aids Family

Tt is suggested that all officers read have achieved by increasing their enDr. Geddes calls attention to a number

carefully the paragraphs relating to rollment (or enrolling at least 75% of of aids which communities might emHonor Days, Executive Guide, page those eligible ); by securing an attendploy. He discusses "Housing"and

22. ance of twothirds during three months; "Changes in Ways of Living,"first.

and by completing their department While nothing precipitate may be done

AWARDS FOR ACHIEVING program, the General Committee has about housing, much can be said about gold designed with an livit in that those order be may who suggestions with compliance madeTn award—green inscription, suitable unnecessarily ing too decoration—with a level on low stake the workers, and by ward to each. price proare be 5c These rethe discover minimum what may are simple providingGeneral Boards preassociation the vided and ward by are. for housing proper quirements for toinexpensive the given be awards

the sented Day. Honor on Ward conditions families put up with Many achievements.various ward Will

ascertain of theworkers many how All Ward Achievement theirunnecessarilychildren and,to thethroughgreat detrimentthem, to theofrespective will need? awards they

orders should be sent to the General On the Stake Honor Day, Stake community.

Offices of the Y. W. M. I. A., 34 Boards will give to wards recognition Now is the time to lay foundations

Bishop's Building. Wards may order for each achievement earned; one for for child welfare during the summer

direct, although where it is found feaseach department achievement, and one months. What can your community

ible, it will facilitate matters if stake each for achievement in Dancing, do towards furnishing supervised recreofficers can order for the entire stake. Drama, and Music. There are eleven ation? Towards making the swimpossible awards in all. ming pools safe? Towards providing

Individual Achievement For this recognition, the General examinations by doctors and dentists?

Committee has designed a small banner If you are interested in social medicine,—oneAn individualeach for hiscandepartmentearn fourachieveawards similarvided lastto theyearparchmentwith suitablesheetsinscrippro- berta,you mightplan. review the Cardston, Alment, and one for achievement in Danction, and seals indicating the various

Music.ing, Drama, The individual achievements. Banners are 20c each,

therefore,award, provides M Men for these seals are 3c each.

four items. It consists of a small button

with four strips made of gold cloth at- "\17ith the basketball season now of the costtached. pin is three The

costcents; the attached of each strip Adults thev "Mconcluded,Men leaderswe arewill hopingcontinuethatto

is one cent. Since most individuals will keep their group intact by encouraging

have achieved in their department work A dult leaders may well look about the many spring activities. We are

and in only one of the activities, the for special means of maintaining inespecially anxious that the boys be average number of strips needed for terest, so that the season may end in a encouraged to carry on in any field that each person is two, making the cost climax of social activity. Have you they may choose. However, it is well to

usually for each person five cents. had a hobby show yet? What about keep in mind that softball and tennis will

While this is higher than the penny the concluding social event of the seabe carried to Church finals and we are card of last year, we believe that genson, an Adult banquet? It is not too most desirous that we have representaerally it will be more suitable. The early to start planning to make this the tion from the whole Church to compete

order from each ward should read success that it always is where foreat June Conference.

about as follows (counting 40 persons thought and preparation precede the The rules and regulations for softball achieving): event. and tennis are contained in the M Men

No. Pins (1 for each person). Obviously, we need always to keep handbook. Any who want additional

No. Dept. Individual Achievements. in mind that, "Whether we shall go information can get it by communicatNo. Dancing Individual Achievements. forward to a higher excellence of life ing with the M. I. A. office. Awards

No. Drama Individual Achievements. must in the end depend upon ourselves will be given to the Church winner in

No. Music Individual Achievements.—our intelligence, our skill, our inisoftball and tennis and we feel sure

It is assumed that ward associations tiative, our selfdiscipline."that we shall be able to recommend

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

a fine group at the time we have the Be a Mormon by Adam S. Bennion.

Clarissaplayoff at June Conference, Believing and Doing by A. OUR ADVERTISERS AND for 193334) Beesley (Junior Manual WILL FIND YOU of great worth. WHERE themselves proveGleaners will THEIR MESSAGES helpful other can all of us find We

libraries. in our own Asphalt CorporaAmerican RoofTHE SHEAVES AND books rewell blazoned the tion we way How 256CONVERSATION Refining us seen. to Smelting of mains American be Perhaps some &

'"Phe purpose of this lesson, the last may never know just how our hands on Co 261

A in the course, "The Art of Hosthe controls have helped guide the girls Ashton Heating & Ventilating pitality,"is the reviewing of the in their test flight. Anne Lindbergh, alCo 263

- Life Insurance Co girl that the ideaSheaves with each flight the Beneficial to her though she made North Cover Backshall take stock measure everyand the not in 1931, put did Orient Glass 255 Bennett Paint Co & them.day conduct the until hope by 1935. mation into form book Weher inforWe 253 Jewelers Boyd Park

suggested assignments have been made cannot therefore expect to learn right Brigham Young University 260 and are being thoughtfully prepared so away what we have done. If however Chevrolet Motors Co 252

that the course will end as enthusiwe have put forth our best efforts, conDeseret Mortuary Co—256

astically as it started. sidering the girls as well as the lessons, Deseret News Press 256

Inasmuch as this is to be a converwe shall be almost certain that the Dickson, John A., Publishing Co. 263

sational evening we suggest your turngirls will be able to pilot their own Eastman Kodak Company 259 257 Cleaning Vacuum Coing to the ships Speech Manual for 1933, on, to needing ask ocEureka from now First....193 Security Corporation

5.Lesson refuel to stopping casional help and P., Fuller, 253 & Co W.

repair their planes journey as they and 255 Glade Co. Candy

Explorers through life. GraniteGrant, HeberFurnitureJ., & CoCo 258259

A Churchwide exhibit of Arts and BeeHive Girls HardestyHenager's Mfg.BusinessCo., CollegeR. 259258"Crafts for Explorer Scouts Tractor Co. 262 and Landes Equipment & inquiries have been made Lewis, 255 Mose will Girls feature theJunior in these be

fivethe threeyear and Ceveralregarding 255 Garment Logan Company for thedepartments coming ConJune pins. service year BeeHive (See 194 of School Music & Art.. McCuneference.

notes, also 176, Era, 1936, page 262 March Products Midwest Dairy annual competition archery The ) 262 Fuel Supply Mountain BeeKeepers'Handbook. Co Those who haswhich the been conducted by VanTel. States Co.-261 Mountain Tel. & serthe threeyear received not have for theguards past four has years been 260 Laundry Murray five pin, vice the past but served have indiscontinued display of favor of a 255 National Art School consecutive this one, including yearsthe of the of handwork members ExRegister Co., 258 National Cash The qualify for pins completboth by may....255plorer groups. Plaster Nephi

ranks, fourteen three ing the earning 254 Hotel Grand exhibit of Explorer section the New The is intended to include all phases of the honor badges and passing the test preOriginal Utah Woolen Mills....260

the Board. General by As Culture..261 School of Beauty the Quish in inpared the troops done Explorerwork

is fiveyear threeto the pin Hatcheries 263 a guard Ramshawcluding in metal, handwork wood, and.256 Salt Fixture Co.. Cabinet all Lake pin, will naturally & year BeeKeepersleather, airplanes, model archery Inc., Salt Co., 255 Lake Costume The pins. both want skiis,tackle, other of forms and wood...259 Knitting Salt Store Lake

work. Maps and other accomplishSalt Lake Stamp 259

ments of Explorers which are suitable AND THIS IS APRIL! Sears, Roebuck & Co 261

for display will be invited. Collections Shell Oil Co., 257

of stamps, coins, stones, or other interBy J. B. Jennings Standard Brands, Inc 258

esting articles will also be included. A nd this is April! Each new greening field Taylor & Co 263

263 Laundry Troy * Lies in white: deep will a not be on comThe exhibit

.....264 University of Utah mistress lovely of the clouds has Our petitive basis recognitions being are but

261 S. of School U. Music kneeled displays. for outstandingconsidered Beet 256 Sugar Utah great, in toss her the night grey mantle To

And all the world below Utah High School of Beauty CulJuniors Sleeps under snow. UtahIdahoture Sugar Co 257261

TThe flight is almost over; our last AndAs thisbirdismayApril!be; Every bird is still Utah Oil RefiningInsideCo Back Cover

* fueling station for this year is My Dear robin can no longer rise to thrill Utah Photo Materials Co 263

Faith. The lyric of his endless ecstasy. Utah Power & Light Co 264

What shall we teachers do then to Earth's gentle heart beats slow Utah Savings & Trust Co 253 prepare? First of all we should take Under the snow. Utah State Agricultural College

Inside Front Cover fuel. of suppliesstock base of our Our 259 Agencyfor this lesson course of must 254 be the YergensenZ. C. M. I Teachers'

Bible, the Book of Mormon, The Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl of Great

Price. In addition to these fundamental refuelers, we have helpful subsidiary books which will recharge our INDEXES FOR 1935 VOLUME

batteries and oil the machinery for OF ERA AVAILABLE flight.easier, for smoother are indexes The now ready Vitality The

their last binding E. Talmage, those by James who areof Mormonism

A Rational Theology by John A. year's issues of The Improvement

Widtsoe, In Search of Truth by John Era. Those desirous of obtaining

office, the write to should them Era Faith Widtsoe, byA. The Articles of

Salt City, Utah. Lake Main, North 50 Teachings E. Talmage, MoralJames

that sure sending should be Those BenTestament by Miltonof the New written their are addresses names and nion, The Way to Perfection by Joscorrectly to facilitate quick return.

eph Fielding Smith, What It Means To todavete SAFEST

What man doesn't want his family to be one hundredper cent safe during their motoring hours and at all times!

FOR ECONOMICAL NEWPERFECTED HYDRAULIC BRAKES TRANSPORTATION You do, of course, and the absolute limit of motor car

IMPROVED GLIDING KNEEACTION safety will be yours in the new 1936 Chevrolet!

RIDE* Its New Perfected Hydraulic Brakes—exclusive to Chevrolet in

stopping power. Its steady, stable SHOCKPROOF STEERING* its price range—give unegualed

GENUINE FISHER NO DRAFT VENTILAKnee-Action Ride*—likewise exclusive to Chevrolet—makes the

TION moving car seem* a part of the road itself. Its Solid Steel onepiece

found only on this one lowpriced car—surSOLID STEEL onepiece TURRET TOP Turret Top Body—

BODIES rounds passengers with the safety of steel. And an egually exclusive Fisher No Draft Ventilation System protects health by giving

HIGHCOMPRESSION VALVEIN-HEAD passengers individually controlled ventilation without drafts.

ENGINE You are entitled to ALL these features in your new car; safe driving

Available in Master De Luxe models only. KneeAction, $2C additional. demands their presence; and you can get them, at low prices, only

in the new 1936 Chevrolet.

0/ NEW MONEYSAVING G. M. A. C. TIME Give your family one of these new Chevrolets and you will be

67.Q PAYMENT PLAN giving them the safest motor car that money can buy!

Compare Chevrolet's low delivered prices and low monthly payments. CHEVROLET MOTOR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICHIGAN

OaA <rz> CHEVROLETA GENERAL MOTORS VALUE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

How Temple Work -IHwH II II II B ll- 'il II II W—

Helps the Living {Continued from page 243) DIAMONDShuman service becomes the richest FULLR blessing of life's activity and a consequent purity of life provides avirtuous development toward godPAINTS liness which is the real aim of life. Just as no evil may enter the You can buy QUALITY last

portal of the holy temple so tempbut the price will tation may not overcome one who is thus protected by the true environsuit you, too.

ment of the Lord. the only

T-Jow glorious it would be if every When you buy your enboy and girl could be privileged gagement ring, you want PAINT BARGAIN to live in a home environment that to know it is the best,was blessed by the leadership of not alone in beauty and is GOOD Paint parents who were thus protected by brilliance, but the best in well is so That why it pays influencethe of temple worship and value too. to PREuseservice, PURE to their FULLER present and who

standchildren, PAINT—the the teachings by example, LOW PRICES PARED years. for 87 ard of qualitythey themselves have received! Such

children would be thoroughly imAt twentyfive dollars (or You keep your home NEW pressed with the truth that the estabmore) you can buy a when you keep it painted.

the truelishment under of a home ring Park Boyd diamond PAINT DEALERS FULLER the as oforder provided heaven by brilliant perset with a EVERYWHERE insealing of Priesthood the power the temples is the greatest ideal of fect bluewhite diamond life. They would come to realize and two smaller cut dia- W. P. FULLER & CO.

that it were better to sacrifice any monds on each side. Salt Lake and Ogden, Utah

and all other blessings of life than There are new styles in to forfeit the great opportunity of wedding rings, exquisitemarriage in the temples of our God.

ly designed exactly to By this great power the home is match each engagement r united of love in a deoneness and j A Strong, Diversified ring.

it, if willvotion the the inmates and i l spiritvery and power of the Holy to GUARANTEE constant is a companionGhostmake sacred and holy the dwelling At any time we will take BANKdirected and managed calledplace bonds home. By it the ring diamond any back at judgof sound by men

to the fellowship areof extended its full original purchase experience wide and i i ment that the so Church,community and community temple service and worprice, just the same as

SAVINGS AND COMMERCIAL money, on as payment a rebeautiful act ofship becomes an ABSTRACTS, TRUSTS, i ACCOUNTS, in preferencecreation sought larger to be or for diamond any BOXES SAFE DEPOSIT to any other activity as a means of other goods in our store.

life. OFFICERSenjoying Peace, contentment guarantee the value in We soul of the the enlargementand President; George T. Cannon, Willard at the pay. price you F. VicePresident; M. Albert Smith, the Infinite are alsothe presence of

thereby made possible. You know you can deMichelsen, Cashier; D. E. Judd, Ass't.

What is more. beautiful than to pend on Body Park JewCashier.

see a party of Saints from a ward or elers. People have for DIRECTORS

stake, as a united band of brethren seventyfour years. Willard T. Cannon, George Albert Smith,

and sisters, pouring out their devo- F. M. Michelsen, George S. Spencer,

tion to the Father of all in the true George J. Cannon, Frank A. Fisher, E.

order of prayer! It is an experience C. Davies, Heber J. Sears, L. R. Weber,

A. Herbert Snow.

the very of thought which makes PARK the BOYD Federal Reserve System Member j/'JEWELERS swell reverentialheart with devoFederalFederal DepositDeposit InsuranceInsurance CITY i MemberMember FundFund STREET SALT LAKE 100 MAIM tion to a God who, in His infinite Jtcortrno moretohUyfroln Boyd fork.

provide ensuch richmercy will CREDIT IF DtSIRED *! \ UTAH SAVINGS & the blessing for environment and

CONVENIENT of His childrenjoyment while He j CO. TRUSTstrengthens them in a knowledge of CREDIT TERMS

235 South Main St., Salt Lake City truth.the

{Continued on page 254) ri—ihiiii i n—-'ii—ii i hi——ii ii i ii ||—3 feti

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

HOW TEMPLE WORK HELPS THE LIVING

There is no person or group of (Continued, from page 253) The Lord has not left a single persons selfsufficient enough suecourse the gates to Celestial places item out of this great scheme of processfully to undertake the great task are closed to all except those who tection and development. Children

of gaining exalted place in the kingdo enter into these sacred covenants too, may and should partake of temdom of God without the aid of and abide by the terms and condiple blessings. As soon as he is baptemple service and worship, and of tions of their laws. tized a little child may enter into

this great work of temple service by engaging in the work of baptism for

A Mecca For the dead, either for the family names

Conference or as a volunteer worker for others

Visitors who find it difficult to perform this joyous activity. They should be

Modern given great encouragement to perFireproof form this labor of love. Even

though the temple may be many miles away the protection that comes to a little child by reason of temple experience is sufficient to warrant the effort that is necessary to secure it Thus one may participate in temple labor from youth to old age.

Thus the Lord has provided a bulwark of protection through the environment of His holy house as a safety measure for the entire period of man's existence on earth.

"Now, what do we hear in the Gospel which received? we have A NEW GRANDM. H. Thompson, ManagerHOTEL voice of gladness! of mercy A voice

Main and Fourth South Streets SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH from heaven; and a voice of truth out

(Continued on page 260) YES! IT'S AN

R. C. A. VICTOR IT HAS METAL TUBES...

But it Costs ONLY $4250 MODEL C6-2

nearly all foreign broadMODEL T6-9 erscast6tube Superheterodyne. Covfrequencies. Metal Tubes

This graceful, compact table radio brings you the—12 inch Speaker—4.5 watts

in addition foreign 49meter band of programs output—Wave Control.Trap—2-speed to Tuning—Tone calls police, aviation domestic amateur and and

broadcasts. Big, modern features, too,—yet all for

the small price above! 72 50

ALSO SEE OUR Liberal Tradein AllowNEW MAGIC EYE >, ance... Easy Terms

DEMONSTRATION

Electrical Appliance Department

Downstairs New Life For Any Radio in RCA TUBES Z.C.M.I.SALT LAKE CITY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL 1936

For Comfort, Style and Fit, wear

NEPHI Logan Garment Knit fabrics Stripes, are being checks and fancy in Knits this season. SuperAcoustic featured Logan Garment Energetic of these suits will add the individual smartnessOne

Representatives you desire in your spring wardrobe. PLASTER is personality, for every designed a style There Wanted shades to of the very newest have and you many

Used throughout the Exceptional Opchoose from. Each style is individually tailored

fit University letter or Library the customer. card addressed A post portunities for to is to the Logan, Utah, Company, Garment Logan Building and men and wornit line all to colorful spring of see this takes new

en who can qualknits.

Many of the Church's ify Manufacturer of finest structures in The Famous Utah and California \ \ / I

LOGANKNITS with our fine quality Light, Medium A beautiful, durable, We can give you first class service soundabsorbing and Heavy Weight Old and New Style L. D. S. Garments.

wall finish

Manufactured by a LOGAN GARMENTLOGAN, UTAH COMPANY

Utah Corporation of 45years standing

NEPHI PLASTER & MANUFACTURING CO. HOUSECLEANING

401 Dooly Block, Salt Lake City, Utah TIME For cleaning wallpaper and calcimine quickly, thoroughly and economically, use

MAKE MONEY BENNETT'S

at or working money homeTpARNLj photos in and Learn Method"coloring

In thisoil. few weeks. "Koehneinisstudiobeautiful done Workminiatures by method and

In experience previous demand. needed. Many formake Noor spare free time easy way. Sendmoneybooklet, requirements. at and Money full"Make Home"this

SCHOOL, NATIONAL ART 3601 Michigan Dept. Avenue 4183 Chicago,Inc. lllinolf E—now in the new foil package

HEADQUARTERS Excellent forkeepswindowfreshshadesandandpliablefor drycleaning

For Latterday Saints washable wallpaper

Garments At grocers, druggists and Bennett Dealers61 "65Everywhere FROM FACTORY TO YOU BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO. watpLsSg

Wa Solicit Your Mail Orders 88. Ladies'No. Men's and Lt.New Wt.Style $.65 U—II—M——Ji——[I——n—II——n——n-

Ladies'No. 89. Med. Men's and Wt.

New Style 1.10

No. 81. No. 80. HeavyHeavy Wt.Wt. Men'sOld StyleDoubleDoubleBack 1.35 The Place to Get

Back 1.50 ments—to Not—Guaranteed Parties, and Tuxedoes. Special 1.10 Rayon Run ChocoSates Men's No: 84. Med. LaWt. and a prime are COSTUMES

dies'Style, Double CombNewLt. a successful and OPERA. PLAY ed Yarn, Extra Fine 85 of BARS essential AND

Specify when ordering your bust, trunk We specialize in length, whether and or old new ladies'. or if men's We Paystyle,Postageand BANDandUNIFORMSCAPS DiscriminatingAlways Satisfy Candythe MostLovers in States. the United Anywhere

You When Crave Good CandyLAKE THE SALT

Glade's Ask For LEWIS MOSE CO., INC. ST. COSTUME 14 SO. MAIN

CITY, LAKE SALT 246 So. UTAH Main GLADE CO. CANDY

Please seeing this mention Salt Salt Lake Lake City, Utah City, Utah Ad in this Was. 1035 Magazine

-ii——w——II—-—is255

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

The I Deseret News UTAH Presents BEET SUGAR Leopold Stokowski UTAH'S FOREMOST AGRICULTURAL and the

ASSET Deserves the Support of Every Loyal Vtahn Philadelphia is none Symphony Insist on it from your grocer—There

better Orchestra "Flavor with sugar and you flavor with health"of 105 musicians A Tuesday, May 5, 1936 at 8:15 p. m.

Salt Lake Tabernacle Modernize Your Roof With Be one of the 4,326 persons (official Tabernacle seating capacity) concert to hear this F. H. A. MONEY orchestra by the greatest

THREE YEARS TO PAY—LOW INTEREST RATES ever to visit the Intermountain West.

You need not leave your home. Our representative will call, submit suggestions, make estimates, provide for financing and make all necessary j onceSend toin "Symphonyyour mail Concert"order at

arrangements without obligation to you. j—Deseret News. Enclose

Call or Write j cheekstamped,or postofficeselfaddressedorder andenAMERICAN ASPHALT ROOF CORPORATION | velopePrices withfor returntax: of tickets.

j WASATCH 2663 1674 BECK ST., SALT LAKE CITY j

First 27 rows main floor center $2.80

Next 20 rows..$2.24

Center of Balcony $2.24

Service Sides of Balcony $1.68

Sides, underneath balcony..$1.12

Above Follow the story of the historymaking

All transcontinental tour of the Philadelphia Symphony in THE DESERET

SALT NEWS.

LAKE it ii it—ti i—n- >!—

PROVO PEWS OGDEN PLUPITS PRICE CHAIRS Folding, NEPHI Kindergarten and Opera Bank, Office, Church and Store

PAYSON Fixtures Salt Lake Cabinet &

Street 32 Richards prices us for DESERET MORTUARY CO. FixtureWrite Company

M II II——ii——ii; n n ii-.ii nn

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

The Kirtland Temple (Continued from page 247) fulness was great in the early history YOU CAN PRE'of the Church. His hymn, "The

Spirit of God Like a Fire is Burning,"has been much used at temple dedications since Kirtland. Another

of the Phelps'hymns that was used on that occasion and which is still a favorite among Latterday Saints is "Now Let Us Rejoice."

Of the other two hymns used at the Kirtland dedication, Parley P.

Pratt was the author of one and

Isaac Watts of the other.

The Prophet's account says further of the dedication:

The congregation began to assemble at the Temple, at about seven o'clock, an hour earlier than the doors were to be opened.

Many brethren had come in from the regions round about, to witness the dedication of the Lord's House and share in His blessings; and such was the anxiety on

this occasion that some hundreds (probably five or six) assembled before the doors Grease ever wor\ its way up the steering column and drip into presidents entered withwere opened. The

at your lap? This will happen if too powerful a grease ".gun"has the latter stationed the doorkeepers, and

the inner and outer doors; also placed our been used. In Shellubrication, there is a "gun"correctly powered

stewards to receive donations from those for your steering mechanism... and others specially designed for

to contribute should feel disposed somewho thing of building the other points on your car. Eight types of "guns"are used. to defray the expense

House of the Lord. We also dedicated

the pulpits, and consecrated them to the

Lord.

The doors were then opened. Presidents myself and seated Rigdon, Cowdery

the congregation in, and, as they acGeneral Motors, Chrysler, came to the best cording calculation could we... ten Ford, Studebaker, Nash nine received between and make, we

hundred, which seated. comfortably were Weas manythen informedas could thebe 28 U. S. car makers have

doorkeepers that we could receive no more, approved Shell's method of and a multitude were deprived of the benefits of the meeting on account of the house "foolproof"lubrication. Ask

sufficiently being not capacious to receive Modern'them; I felt to regret that any and of my about Shellubrication at your J**

sisters brethren of and should be deprived the meeting, to neighborhood Shell station UpkeeP ServiCe and them I recommended repair to the schoolhouse hold a and meettoday. Learn how its many ing, filled they which that did, and house

also, and yet many* *were* left out. safety factors can save you

At nine o'clock a. m. President Sidney money on car upkeep.

Rigdon commenced the services of the day.

... The assembly dispersed a little past

four o'clock, having manifested the most quiet demeanor during the whole exercise.

The Utah High THE NEW r School of Beauty i i Culture CLEANER*,VACUUM STREET 121 SOUTH MAIN with Floor 2nd MOTOR DRIVEN BRUSH that a profession would Learn yon make

All 3 Cleaning Principles Combined In This Are life. rest independent for the of your

Cleaner New Type Investigate Special. our February A The successful combination of all three cleaning principles course complete 9 months'of Beauty

now enables you to clean by easy MACHINEACTION instead Culture for only $50.00.

of tiresome ARMACTION Write for Catalog.

Just Phone Easy Terms—SmallFor A DemonstrationCarryingInChargeYour Home Mail This Coupon

Z. C. M. I. II NameAddress UTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY

City EUREKA VACUUM CLEANER COMPANY provide and board to room We can 177 East Broadway Wasatch 4764 Salt Lake City, Utah students out of town

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

Salt Lake Temple This Simple Food Helps Drive Out (Continued from page 247) largest and most costly temple building erected by the Latterday Saints.

Its first president, April 1893, was

Lorenzo Snow, with John R. Winder SPRING FEVER

and Adolph Madsen as assistants.

Rundown condition, lack of pep, and skin troubles The second president of the Salt leave quickly when you eat Fleischmann's Yeast Lake Temple was Joseph F. Smith,

regularly—two cakes a day. You regain your with John R. Winder and Adolph

appetite, take on new energy and your skin beMadsen, and, later, with Anthon H.

Fielding as Smith Lund and Joseph comes clear and healthy. Eat two cakes a day assistants. presidency came Next in

and end Spring Fever. Anthon H. Lund with Joseph Fielding Smith and Joseph Christenson

as assistants. Then followed the

Supplies y/temrns present president, George F. Richards, originally with Joseph Fielding

FLEISCHMANN'S Smith and Joseph Christenson, and

YEAST now, with Joseph Christenson and

Stephen L. Chipman as assistants.

From President Wilford Woodruff's dedicatory prayer these paragraphs are quoted:

"O Lord, we regard with intense and infeelings the of this completion to Deign accept this theiZ?o %/on (U)awB cm (jood {Position? describablesacred house.

fourth temple thy children which covenant qualified. following those to students Henager The have are availableOpportunities assisted in in erecting been been placed in have by first of the year. since the positionspermanent * thee * * these mountains. Miller Bernice Elva Lila Richens Bobbins Wilson Lilly Nydegger Guy

Hill Adele Williams Winifred Henrietta Edna Clark Moench Young LeRoy thee before joy come with and "We David Bernal Albert Coleman Beutler Osborne Donna Phillips Dittman Ruth spirits thanksgiving, jubilant with and Bessie Livsey Nebeker Mary Maxine Cramer James Milner McPhie Anne filled praise, with that hast thou year enrolled in our school 18 states. from as areStudents enjoying hearts in one are They as many

their work and the opportunities offered. permitted us to see this day for which,

years, these forty during hoped, have we Excellent to Enroll is an Time CLASSES EACH WEEK—Now NEW toiled, prayed, dediand can when we subjects. Secured Graduate. in all commercialEfficient Call, write and training for Every A Position

this unto visitors the Thee to get house which others interested are cate Pays have andor phone for new we * writing. incordially in invited while to catalog—Itvisit the school * * built glorious SaltBest—ConferenceLake—Mention "Era"most name. to Thy

"Now pray we for the youth of Zion the children of thy people; endow them

richly with the spirit of faith and righteousness and with increasing love for thee and for thy law. Prosper all the institutions

that thou hast established in our midst for their wellbeing. * * *

"We thank thee, O God of Israel, that thou didst raise up patriotic men to lay the foundation of this great American govern45 East Broadway D. B. Moench, Mgr. Was. 2753 ment. Thou didst inspire them to frame

Largest and Best Equipped Commercial School in Intermountain Territory a good Constitution and laws which guar- "THE SCHOOL WITH SIX WORLD RECORDS"antee to all of the inhabitants of the land {Continued on page 260) I NATIONAL |A LITTLE LIGHT GASH REGISTERS f

A little light on your insurance will undoubtNEW AND SECOND HAND edly reveal the fact that you are greatly under- $75.00 and Up

insured. Think what it would mean if fire Terms—No Interest

destroyed your property. Supplies and Repairs

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. THE REGISTERNATIONALCO.CASH

See our agent in your town H. V. KUHN, Sales Agent

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City 132134Salt LakeEastCity,2nd UtahSouth f

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 193d

Load Your Camera i WITH Efficient Conveyance I Kodak VERICHROME | FILM I and Control is Important to Every i Water User—and to US—

Verichrome Film makes al-: That's Our Business!

of installations of Calco Thousands

I pictures good you—giveslowances for exposure errors gates, culverts Hardesty flumes, and isn't "set"camera even if your j

pipe are giving this smooth welded It's right.! just coated double

efficient in service the pictures either j important to get good on cloudy or sunny days. West.! Make sure that the pictures Municipalities, Counties, States, and

you plan to take this weekthe Federal Government, as well as end will "come out"the way I Some Of Our Products: private irrigationists, use large quanyou want them. First, load j Corrugated Culverts tities of our products.

j with Verichrome; then, let us Slide Headgates Write for free literature.

j carefully do the developing, Spiweld Smooth Pipe j and printing.

Metal Flume R. Hardesty Mfg. Co. Proud We're of Our

'Rainmaker Enlargements Salt Lake City 3141 Wasatch to Ask Us Samples Show You

EASTMAN

L. D. S. JKooakK TFWDI F

INC. STORES TSSSi

Street 155 Main Wasatch 5292 Of Superior GARMENTSquality and workmanship manufactured for the Salt Lake City, Utah

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE competition. ordering defying sold at prices from us When u()<ii s And

States. the United Postage Anywhere in remember we Pay

$.75 Ribbed 608 Extra Cotton Thin Cotton $.75 Weight Light

88 635 88 Light Ribbed Cotton Weight Ribbedr 708735No. FOR LADIES No. FOR MEN Light Weight

703 Flat Weave Spring Needle 98 610 Ribbed Lt. Wt. Spring Needle.... 1.10

750 NonRun Rayon Lt. Wgt 1.00 662 Men's NonRun Rayon 1.25

719 Ribbed Light Weight 1.10 602 Extra Fine Quality Lisle 1.25

762 NonRun Rayon Med. Weight 1.15 614 Med. Wt. Ex. Quality 1.25

792 Fine Quality Cotton Lisle 1.25 664 Med. Hvy. Wt. Cot. Double Back 1.50

734 Fine NonRun Sup. Qual. Rayon 1.25 634 Super Rayon 1.50

Garments Marked Upon Request. 10c Per Pair Extra

Prices Subject to Change Without Notice. 20% Extra Charge for Sizes Over 46.

Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman. Also state if long

or short sleeve, short or long legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurements,

Height and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 42 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

Katheryn Yergensen, Mgr.

Superintendents! You can save money EAITAG

Board Members! by buying from the

Teachers!

an WE ARE AT YOUR SERVICE GRANITE On YERGENSEN

Teachers'Agency "Superintendents'and Teachers'best FURNITURE CO. Send for Free Samples

friend"So., 21st East Sugar So. 12th 939 Street 1050 East House SALT LAKE STAMP CO. City, Salt Lake Utah District Rent High Out of the 43 lfa 7920 Hyland Phone West Broadway

i.i-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

How Temple Workr.*'* Helps the Living SUMMER SCHOOL (Continued from page 254) TWO GREAT TERMS

. the voice..... and i PROVO CAMPUS ofof thecliversearthangels, or from Michael

First Term—June 15July 24 ( allAdamdeclaringdown totheirthe dispensations,present time,

\ their rights, their keys, their honors, ALPINE CAMPUS Brigham "Young tlniversib

Second Term—July 27Aug. 28 ii theirpowermajestyof theirandPriesthood;glory, andgivingthe

The strong resident faculty will be augmented and reinforced line upon line, precept upon preby the addition of specialists in various fields of education. cept....

Those who are just ready to begin upon their college career "Brethren, shall we not go on in as well as graduates who wish to press on to higher goals so great a cause? Go forward and

will find courses to their liking. not backward. Courage brethren;

... Let If Interested Send for Summer Catalog and on and on to victory. us therefore as a church and a people, and as Latterday Saints, offer

unto the Lord an offering in righteousness; and let us present in the

holy temple,... a book containing

PROVO, UTAH 9 the record of our dead, which shall u<)(i<no4 J be worthy of all acceptation."( Doc.

and Cov. 128:22.

Salt Lake Temple L.D.S. GARMENTS (Continued from page 258) OUR SPECIALTY

We carry a complete line in old and new styles. The following numbers will equal rights and privileges to worship thee

interest you. according to the dictates of their own conStyle ribbed No. 1. New

cotton, combed an Igt.excellentwgt. Stylenumber. Men's new or old $1.50 sciences.and executive.Bless theConferofficers,abundantboth judicialfavors

Ladies'number $.80 No. 5. Light weight garment, Ladies'upon the President, his Cabinet, and Con-

2. lgt. Style, No. ribbed Old wgt. Style 1.00 new gress. thy guided Enlightened by and garment, 6-.s Balbrigan an Men 1.00 No i Ur Spirit, the maintain they uphold and may tandald 3.o atNo. med. u!0nRibbed cotton, wgt. excellent 1.25 * numberfinish, summer * * liberty. principle glorious of bleached. season human Our

- - 7 ladies Rayon.,No 4 grades, m * * * number. Men's old or newall their are that unto them we "Show i-50!* $-80 > S 1 -25 Style 1.45 will liberty, friends, that that love we we 4. 8. No. hvy. in wgt. grades, 2 Ribbed unbleached No. Rayon, Men's

in of rights join upholding the with them cotton. 1.50 double $1.25 back Our

During of Conference you buy of us free the garments mark week we will charge. ourthe people,country;theandConstitutiongive unto andus andlaws ourof our store store your headquarters. the Make Temple. Nearest Tabernacle and in town to

See our Virgin Wool Blankets, Men's Suits and TopCoats, Ladies'Dresses and children an increased disposition to always

Suits. Factory to you. be loyal, and to do everything in our

Keep this Magazine with our advertisement for reference. power to maintain constitutional rights and

the freedom of all within the confines of this great Republic

thee, bless Father, our we now, "And we glorify thee, praise thee, worship ORIGINAL UTAH WOOLEN MILLS we we we 24 Richards Street BRIANT S. STRINGHAM, Mgr. Salt Lake City, Utah thee, day by day we magnify thee, and give

OneHalf Block South of Tabernacle South Gates. thee thanks for thy great goodness towards

us thy children, and we pray thee in the name of thy Son Jesus Christ, our Savior, to hear these our humble petitions, and i ii n m—answer us from heaven, thy holy dwelling -H—11—It- -S——il——H—si—tl- -?!—-ii——i—*ih——-it—i un———IIti place, where thou sittest enthroned in glory,

might, majesty, and dominion, and with an infinitude of power which we, thy mortal creatures, cannot imagine, much less comMurray Laundry j prehend. Amen and Amen."

"More Leisure Hours For Women"... "The Spirit of the Lord

Let Us Help You With Your i rested in power upon the congregations of the Saints, and their hearts filled joy with the heavenly were passeth all underwhich and peace SPRING HOUSE CLEANING j

Special Departments for Curtains, Rugs, Quilts, standing. Their toils and sacrifices

Blankets, etc. for forty years were crowned in

glorious triumph by the revelation from God that He accepted of the

PHONE HYLAND 612, MURRAY 213 | Temple as a habitation holy to His -.>—n—i—t!—*l. it-—.!!—.if—m-I—B——N———M II I name."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

fiabqjainA, jltl

Jsrf&pJwm @o11a -tostation Here's STAT ION personto-person and. a Queer Way calls are reduced every

night after 7 p. m., and to Learn Music/

exercises monotonous or conall day every SUNDAY. NOfusingteacher—nodetails. Just a simple, easy, homestudy method. a few minutes—aver-

a ages only day. few "grind"or all This includes callsfor {

clear Takescents—asteponlyis as work. Every Nocrystal—simple -tehard station which the day You'll as throughout. at surprised A-B-C be

progress. rapid From own station rate is over c) your

real 'are learning the start you note. "tunes.""Quickly"by Pick Your

classical to "jazz"or play Course in at home selections—right

time. spare your The Mountain States Tel. & Tel. Co. learn Violin Piano

Free Book and Demonstration Lesson Organ Clarinet

Don't be a wallflower. Send Ukelele Flute

for Free Booklet and Free Cornet Harp

Demonstration Lesson. These Trombone 'Cello

explain our wonderful home Saxophone Piccolo fully study and show method Guitar Mandolin quickly easily you you and how Accordion Banjo little to exlearn play at can Trumpet favorite pense. your Mention EFFICIENT FEEDING FOR and Harmony Ininstrument. Write NOW.

Composition supplied needstruments when

Speech Voice and OF DAIRY STOCK credit. ed, or cash

Culture Use U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC Drums and Traps

Brunswick Bldg., New York

UU&I"BRAND 1884 DRIED BEET PULP Every Day Produced at a Value Day

During WEST JORDAN, UTAH And available at all Utah and Idaho Factories

Made by GOLD EM UTAHIDAHO SUGAR CO. JUBILEE

Refiners of

I SEARS ROEBUCK SUGAR U & CO. ND GRANULATED AND POWDERED

frcMM>ao<f >>oVH)M>0MlWIWHMIMWj-w(WM4MQ4 HI MW Ii<BH-'HBlH1iMM-ii—i:"li<

BE INDEPENDENT Other Vocation So Profitable! AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO., No

ENROLL NOW Seventh Floor McCornick Building SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH j at the Course For a Complete

Purchasers of j Qulsh School of Beauty Culture

Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore and The Best in the West

Smelter Products SALT304-9 EzraLAKEThompsonCITY, UTAHBldg.

correspondence Address Information as follows: Consign all ore shipments to: For Further

Call and Catalog American Smelting American Smelting and Refining Company Wasatch 7560 or in This Fill Refining to Plant, Co. Ship Lear Ores Murry, Murray Utah & Coupon

i Siliceous Plant, to Ship Garfield 700 and Copper Ores McCornick

Building Garfield, Utah L THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

;t(l*C)Mfr<)-04l [)M-a(>H)-t]nU**OM<i-H frOMKI-MHfrO*

i TJ Nature's Most It's as Perfect Food AND Economical Too FOR HOME DELIVERY—PHONE EASY

as this ARDEN DAIRY 0lj04

Just turn the tap and you'll get—atan immediateany momentflow ofof thehot daywateror

night—when you have

Automatic GAS HOT WATER CAT PILLAR SERVICE

There are no delays—no fires

kettles to bother to build—no

service DIESEL with. Gas waterheating

is entirely Isn't that automatic. plows for 4 5 c per acre the of convenience kind you

want in your home?

Exactly 7.78 cents per acre was the total operating cost for fuel and lubricating oil in an Gas offers the most economical

official 46day test made before representative automatic waterheating service.

farmers of six western states. Operating cost is surprisingly

small. Cost of equipment, too,

is remarkably low—and you can

Phone or Write For Free Descriptive buy on liberal terms.

Literature On "CATERPILLAR"Come in for further details

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY LANDES 36 South State TRACTOR & EQUIPMENT CO. SALT LAKE CITY

SALT LAKE CITY AMERICAN FALLS DOWNEY TREMONTON MALAD Serving 21 Utah Communities

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

St. George Temple CALL OR WRITE

(Continued from page 217) McAllister, beginning, June 1884, with David H. Cannon as assistant; Ashton Heating

President David H. Cannon, beginning August 28, 1893, with Thomas & Ventilating Co.

P. Cottam as assistant; President

Thomas P. Cottam, beginning De1178 East 21st So. Hy. 1434

cember 1924; President Edward H. FOR ENGINEERING SERVICE

Snow, beginning 1926; followed by ON HEATING OR VENTILATING

President George F. Whitehead, beginning July 1932, who still occupies Distributors for

the position. PAYNE & ROUND OAK FURThis temple is one hundred fortyNACES—WATERLOO REGISTERS

one feet long and ninetythree feet wide. The walls, built of red sandBargain

stone, measure eightyfour feet from the ground to the top of the parapet and the tower is one hundred thirtyfive feet high. Its erection repreWASH-DAY WELCOME

sents an outlay dollars.half million of approximately a Conference Visitors SERVICE

Before the completion of other temples in Utah, many young LatWhile in Salt Lakecosting less terday Saints, including President

Grant and his bride, made the then drive out and see one than—

difficult journey to St. George from of America's Finest

long distances to be married for Hatcheries time and eternity in the house of the Lord. U. S. Chicks—Turkey

i Poults—Started PulAlberta Temple lets—Poultry Supplies

(Continued from page 235) and Equipment our meeting in their honor, in our temple assembly room. They left

with us their autographed photos.

favored been have "We with vis- a pennyits from people of worldwide many fame and have enjoyed many interper article esting faithpromoting incidents in our temple during the thirteen years of its operation."The Alberta Temple is built in RAMSHAW

ofthe a Maltese shape Cross, and feet HATCHERIES sixtyfivemeasures one hundred from north to south and the same 3687 So. State St.

distance from east to west. The Salt Lake City, Utah

walls are three feet thick and the OFFICE PHONE height of the building is one hunHyland 3038 Murray 474 319 So. Main Hyland 190

dred ten feet. Like the Hawaiian

Temple, it has no towers. This

temple, like most other temples

Saints,erected by the Latterday ocTHE UTAH PHOTO overcupies elevated ground, which oflooks surrounding the much CO. MATERIALS | TAYLOR & costcountry, has more than and collecInvite you to see their

three quarters of a million dollars. tion of Utah Photographs, Church History, and early I COMPANY

Earn Money Selling Pioneer Life. School Rings, Pins, Awards,

Analytical Bible in specialize The Copying, New We all of buttons. kinds and to church earn $25 $100 members weeklyMany FinishEnlarging and Kodak profitable, work.Pleasant, Nationally permanent Priced as as low 20c inadvertised. leading of ministers Endorsed by ing. in years the 26 Photoall denominations. Bible Study Free Course lots. quantity in Salt graphic Business Lake selling Bible.given aids. give each with you We

illustrated for catalogWrite today and full City. Room 206 Boyd Park Bldg. details full or part time proposition. of our

age, experience, church.Give 5123 Wasatch 2235 Was. So. Temple 27 W.

St. 162 JOHN PUBLISHING A. DICKSON CO. So. Main Opposite Square Temple 111. Street Jefferson S. 803 Chicago,

ci *'? *<>-<}J

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1936

Try this for EASY MEALS Home from meetings or anxious to see an early show....unexpected

company drops in... It's always

easy to prepare a delicious meal without chasing to the kitchen, with table appliances.

Hot drinks—toasted sandwiches fried meats—eggs—Electric Applitable. Gather the around or two, Snap a switch and ances brighten the home and make electric these table appliances cook handy a hot meal

right before your eyes. for hospitality.

Sandwich grills, $5.50; Toasters, $2.95; Waffleiron, $4.95

Come in and see these Beautiful Appliances

ELECTRICITY IS THE BIGGEST BARGAIN IN THE HOME

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

An Opportunity for TEACHERS who find it desirable to qualify for degrees or different certification.

COLLEGE STUDENTS who have some special requirement or program adjustment to meet.

HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES who wish to make a start on college work.

GENERAL PUBLIC interested in some favorite

local faculty is supplemented by the following distinguished Summer The strong field as credit class members or as auditors.

ion Clarenceout of stateB. Allen,visitingassociatestaff, allprofessorof whomof offereducation,six weeks'Westerncourses:Reserve;

Gladys L. Borchers, associate professor of speech, University of Wisconsin;

1936 Edward M. Hulme, professor of history, Stanford University;

Meredith Smith, director of John Dewey School, Hollywood California. June 15—July 23 and

July 27—August 21 Therestudentsis andalso thea fullpublic.programSpecialof lecturers,lectures andin additionentertainmentsto manyfreeof theto

local and visiting staff are: Victor Bohet, professor in English, University of Liege, Belgium; Edward Davison, English poet; Frederich

W. Koch, professor of dramatic literature, University of North CaroFor full particulars send for Bulletin lina; and Edwin D. Starbuck, professor of philosophy, University of

UNIVERSITYAddress,SALT LAKETHE CITYPRESIDENT Southern California. OF UTAH

j

SPINNING HAPPILY IN

springtime

Behind the wheel of your car, with the wind in your face, go seek carefree

hours amid Nature's beauties in the Springtime! To help you enjoy carefree motoring", we have refined Pep 88 gasoline to a new Spring formula.

The result: greater power for hillclimbing, greater mileage for those longer

trips you'll be taking, greater antiknock quality for smoother motor performance. At all times, Pep 88 is the sweet gasoline... free from harmful

calls forsulphur, gum and carbon. Jit's time for an oil change, too—and that

fresh clean Vico motor oil in the proper grade for your car.

MOTORICOOIL... This sign will guide you to finest motoring supplies and service

[PEP88 GASOLINE UTAH OILHundreds of ServiceREFININGStations and Dealers in Utah and IdahoCOMPANY

Distributors of Atlas Tires, Batteries, Accessories... and Stanolind Products

--WWt-—:

HOTEL UTAH

ws >:;;;v

STATE CAPITOL UNIVERSITYL. D. S. BISHOP'SBUILDING

TASERNACLE

B,;,v o,

AN INSPIRING VIEW

FROM OUR HOME OFFICE BUILDING

Beneficial life policies cover any age from one day to 75 years—

Providing a service to the home and family that no other investMENT plan rendersCreates A CASH ESTATE right now—See a beneficial representative AND HAVE THE

JOB DONE RIGHT

If you can't save to buy insurance

Buy insurance to save

HEBER J. GRANT JOS. FIELDING SMITH EARL W. PEIRCE

President & Director Director Asst. Treasurer

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. ORVAL W. ADAMS EUGENE P. WATKINS

1st VicePres. & Dir. Director Sup. R. E. Loan Dept.

DAVID 0. McKAY STEPHEN L. CHIPMAN WALDO M. ANDERSEN

Director Agency 2nd & Dir.

J. LEO LI F GEO. E. PENROSE VicePres.CANNON ASH BY D. Supervisor BOYLE

Asst. Secretary Executive VicePres. General Counsel & Dir.

AXEL B. C. 0HLS0N VIRGIL H. SMITH W. R. CALDERW00D

Secretary & Director Asst. Secretary Medical Director

HOME OFFICE SALT LAKE CITY

II