V i '/ \ K - <\ \.

Tfc \ "1 %f

"W V 1

i %: \ \ > 'it '

i

i

; Jv f i 1

t \. ft'

jIf.., of mind, body and spirit in social IAI ITYI I FHILLUWMirATION-IWIN. Trni"9toqetherOlUrALI an ideal climatedim

Brigham Young University is unique. It ranks June 1 9—The following ACT date. Registration period,

among the great universities of the world because it April 26 to June 5. Check your local high school or

possesses a character, a personality, that certain somecollege for arrangements.

the ingredientsthing. of of a great That is one univen May 1—Application deadline for Summer School faculty, well trained withsity along and dedicated a

adequate and comfortable campus with well equipped scholarships for new students.

classrooms and laboratories, and a student body of May 31—Application deadline for admission to first

high quality. Here, truly, one receives that extra—term of Summer School for new and former stuthe training of mind, body and spirit together in an dents.

ideal social climate.

for admission to secTo meet the demands of education for the floods June 30—Application deadline

of students now seeking admission, the University has ond term of Summer School.

added faculty and expanded the campus. But it should June 14July 16—First term, Summer School.

operate only to capacity if it is to maintain that quality July 19Aug. 20—Second term, Summer School.education. To maintain proper numbers and standards,

the University recently announced earlier application July 31—Deadline for applications for admission to

dates and more selective regulations. autumn semester.

You can improve your chances of a quality education by keeping up your grades and meeting the deadlines listed in the next column. It is worth working for. Brigham Young

VITAL DATES TO REMEMBER April 24—Next date for American College Test (necessary with application for admission). RegisUNIVERSITY

tration period for this test, Feb. 22 to April 3. PROVOUTAH

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

FAST JAPANESE TRAINS

The National Railroad of Japan is building a new rail line to connect

Tokyo and Osaka. The threehour

schedule on the Tokaido line between the cities 320 miles apart will have trains operating at 120 miles per hour. Test runs of 159 miles per

hour have already been made.

IT'S A COLD WORLD

Fifty percent of the land area of

Canada and the Soviet Union and twenty percent of the earth is located in climatic zones where the mean annual temperature is below freezing. A thin crust at the surface President Smith has

thaws during the summer months but underneath the soil or rocks remain permanently frozen, and Zions Bank's Oldest Account this is called permafrost. In the

normal arctic soil a layer of frozen When Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. was three months old, his

organic material two to six inches father, Church President Joseph F. Smith, opened savings

thick at a depth of from sixteen to account number 615 in his son's name.

fiftytwo inches below the surface, when dated by radiocarbon, indiAccount 615 is still held by Joseph Fielding Smith (now cates an age of warming 8,000 to President Smith). It is the bank's oldest continuouslyheld

10,000 years ago. In permafrost account. President Smith's confidence in Zions Bank is backed

country the water mains and sewby 88 years of personal experience and over 50 years as a ers are carried above ground in insulated "utilidors."member of the Board of Directors.

For your principal bank account or for your "other bank

SUBMERGENCE RATE OF COAST account,"checking or savings account, there's no better place

The submergence of the New Jersey than Zions Bank. Open your account by mail or in person.

coast has been measured, with the help of radiocarbon dates, by study70 East South Temple 235 South Main the theing lagoon between Brigante ZIONS 21st South 8th West &tine Barrier City mainland. and the

The rate of submergence was about Cottonwood Mall 102 South Mainten feet per thousand years in the FIRST NATIONAL 450 South 2nd West period between 6,000 and 2,600 7th East & 4th South years ago. The present rate is about Kearnsfour feet per thousand years. BANKFOUNDED BY BRIGHAM YOUNG—1873 Taylorsville

Send mail to 70 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for February 1965 Volume 68. Number 2

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Art: 81 Ed Maryon

Art: Dale The Editor's Page: Responsibilities of Those Who Enter the Temple, 94 President David O. McKay 92 9699 Art: Ted KilbournNagata

Talks Given at the Dedication of the Oakland Temple 148106 Photos:Art: TedMauriceNagata Scanlon

Perine Photo: Robert the Process "In of Time

Art: 161 Dale Kilbourn Ed Maryon, F. Appreciation, Delbert. Wright.."President David O. McKay 106107 152-3 162-3 Photos: Gene Heil

The Oakland Temple in the Making, O. Leslie Stone 109 1723168-9 Photos:Art: DaveRamonBurtonWinegar

Saviors on Mount Zion, President Joseph Fielding Smith Ill 174 Art: Ed Maryon, Dale Kilbourn

The Way of the Lord Has Come, Henry D. Taylor 112 All other art and photos:

"The Dawning of a Brighter Day,"Gordon B. Hinckley 113 Ralph Reynolds Studio

The Second Coming, President Hugh B. Brown 114

The House of the Lord, Marion G. Romney 119

Preparing to Meet the Lord. Harold B. Lee 121

Seek out Your Dead, President N. Eldon Tanner 125

The Glory of Ancient Temples—and Modern, Sterling W. Sill 127

"... That My People May Be Taught More Perfectly..."

EIRay L. Christiansen 130

"Seek First the Kingdom of God,"Delbert L. Stapley 132

"Accept, O Lord, Our Offering of This House,"Spencer W. Kimball 134

In This Holy House, Thomas S. Monson,. 136

"... The Lord Hath Spoken..."LeGrand Richards 138

The Oakland Temple—Culmination of History, Howard W. Hunter 140

The Temple in Terms of Family Life, George W. Romney 143

Eternal Assurances, Richard L. Evans 144

The Church Moves On, 84; Melchizedek Priesthood: The Father in the Family, 148;

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 150.

Special Features ERANEW OFFICESADDRESS FOR

Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Part 2, Hugh Nibley 100 After March 1 The Improvement

Teaching: Inspired Revision of the Bible, Part 1, Robert J. Matthews 104 Erathe 7thofficesfloorwillof thebe locatedBeehive on

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 157 State Bank Building at 79 South

State Street, Salt Lake City, Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 81; These Times: The American TwoParty Utah, 84110.

System, G. Homer Durham, 86; Letters and Reports, 90.

The Era of Youth: I Believe 161

The Last Word 176 Family and Home Features The First Year after Marriage, Part 1, Harvey L. Taylor 96

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

To Earn a Friend 152 For the Family Home Evening: Home, Sweet Home 155

Stories, Poetry The Inheritance, Reginald J. Lowe, Sr 94

Poetry 88, 129, 137, 160

THE COVER

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Cottonwoods—Arizona""Snow on

O.David and Editors; Evans, L. Richard McKay L. Editor; Green, Doyle Managing Associate C. Marba Josephson, Managing EditorAlbert Zobell L title picture this the lovely givenResearch Editor; E. Carter Grant, Davis, Donna Becki Editorial Darold Associates; Marlowe, B. Florence Pinnock, Today's EditorFamily MarionTr St. Arizona, Johns, Davis, isby Wayne Hanks,D. Era Editor; The Youth Elaine Higcins,Cannon, of Era Associate Editor; The Youth Art Direction: of Ralph Studio. Reynolds

it chill Is the photographer. theG. S. Durham, Franklin Harris, Homer Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Hugh A. Gardiner, Alma Contributing Editors.

or of old winter on? hanging anG. Carlos Smith, S. General Manager; Jr.,Florence Associate Jacobsen, General Manager; F. Scott, Business Verl Manager; Subscription Snarr A. Glen

Director; Evans,Jr., early Advertising with Thayer spring Director. snowstorm

of better to promise weather the

Superintendent,General Men's Young Mutual Association Improvement of or of of Church mixture of The the a Christ Jesus Latterday Saints, come? two 1965, and published by the Mutual

AssociationsImprovement of of Church Jesus The Christ of Latterday All rights reserved. Subscription price, in year, $3.00 a advance; subscripmultiple spring? winter of seasons and

tions, years, $5.75; years, 2 $8.25; each 3 succeeding year, $2.50 year to the three a addedSaints. price. year it of the such beauty Whatever

atEntered the Office, Post Salt City, as Lake secondclass Utah matter. for Acceptance at special rate mailing of for postage section provided in act 1103 it is feel scenes that is,one makesof 1917, October authorized 2, 1918. July

alive. to indeed be good isThe Improvement Era responsible not for unsolicited manuscripts but contributions. welcomes Manuscripts are for paid on at rate acceptance the of 2ca word must and sufficient be accompanied by for postage delivery return. and

full in color Lithographed CoverThirty days'is notice required for of address. change ordering change, slip a please When include address a issue from recent of the magazine. Address

changes cannot be unless old Deseret the made Press by address as as well the is News one included. new

THE IMPROVEMENT BRA

** SvJy&&i&6* A*&4A&

(1) NEW AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Through the Centuries

by Lee A. Palmer Feast An intriguing and scholarly history A of the lesser priesthood from its

inception to the present day. It

gathers together a record of the of Fine authority and functions of the priesthood, not only from sacred writings, ancient and modern, but also from Reading scholarly commentaries and secular histories. $3 95 from Deseret Book

OUR WORD OF WISDOM NEW A(2)HERITAGE OF FAITH (5)

A compilation by Richard Bitner by David D. Geddes

Wirthlin of the sermons and writings From his research experience in the fields of former Presiding Bishop Joseph of heart and lung disease, nutrition and

L. Wirthlin. This book reflects Bishop sports medicine, Dr. Geddes writes this

Wirthlin's deep devotion to the Gosstartling book of warning—a clear call

pel, and clearly evident in his life from a scientist for all Latterday Saints and work is the part played by his to heed the Word of Wisdom. mV $995 heritage of faith. mm >'Ml* L

50 (6) CHARACTER AND (3) NEW LEADERSHIP NEW THE BEATITUDES by Leland H. Monson and

by L. Elmer Peterson Clinton W. Barton

A Latterday Saint interpretation of America, the world, and the Church needs these beloved capsules of divine men of Character and Leadership. Here,

wisdom... more than just platitudes for Latterday Saints, are thirteen successthey touch on the deeper doctrines ful ways of promoting and producing men

of the Kingdom. of character. Written with clarity and precision.

$J95 50 J2

THIS NEW (4) WAY BUT ONCE NEW HAPPY(7) HOURS Harrison by J. Stanley

A book that offers stimulation for by Hazel West Lewis the armchair reader, usable stories Essential for all Family gettogethers where and poems for the public speaker, there are little children to be charmed and fascinating lesson material for and fascinated by these sprightly stories the teacher, parent, and student. and sparkling illustrations.

$2 95 $2 25

To: Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

(Please circle books required). I enclose a check/money order tteaeretCOMPANY Book Please(6) send(7) me the following book(s): (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL for the full amount $ Or, please bill—I have an account.

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN Name

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Address..

City State..Zip.

February '65 Era 'Residents of Utah add 3KS sales tax.

BLACK & WHITE LIVI9 8 exposure roll The Church

DEVELOPED & PRINTED IN JUMBO SIZE Moves 1 2 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50 On

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

1 2-Exposure Dev. and Printing Roll 53.00 perro || DECEMBER 1964

Color Reprints 204 each Elder Henry G. Tempest was appointed to manage the office

succeeds of in Frankfurt, Bishopric the Presiding Germany. He

135 mm office for is caring church COLORColor Slides SLIDES per Elder This European Thomas. David

exp., Dev. 20 and Mount...$1.35 roll supplies, records, and financial responsibilities in Europe. Color Slides 135 per mm

36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll The First Presidency announced that a new Church ProcureColor Movie per ment Committee has been set up to correlate all purchases for the

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll Church with the various directors of the committees in charge of

purchasing for each department. Presiding Bishop John H. Vandenberg is the group's supervisor, with Gordon Affleck, church purchasGENEALOGY PHOTOS

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD ing agent, as executive committeeman. Other members include

PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS Gilbert O. Nieman, church building committee; George Collins,

of NEGATIVE, 54 each church hospitals; Jerry J. Sargent, church supplies; and Ben E.

Send coin only—no COD 's Lewis, church schools.

MoneyBack Guarantee

of the presidency sustained as B. Wirthlin and Joseph Bowen QSAM'S Elder Russell M. Nelson and counselors Elders Albert R. PHOTO LAB President (Salt Frank B. Stake, succeeding Bonneville Lake City)P.O. Box 1 1 15 Dept. Utah AA Salt Lake City,

Bowers and counselors, Elders Ira B. Sharp and Ferdinand E.

Peterson.

The "Faith in Action"program of the National Broadcasting

A TOTAL ELECTRIC Company's radio network featured the Polynesian clubs of

Brigham Young University, who presented, in word and song,

Christmas in the islands. /

GOLD This morning President David O. McKay officially cut the

silver ribbon at the entrance of the new parking plaza behind

MEDALLION facility.the ChurchIt willOfficeaccommodatebuilding, openingapproximatelythat threestory1500 cars. underground

[Jl Giving a definite German flavor to Christmas, the "Faith in

J Action"radio program of the National Broadcasting Company featured the LDS German Chorus in Salt Lake City. Elder Percy K.

Fetzer, former president of the Berlin Mission, also spoke briefly.

[President David O. McKay, President Joseph Fielding Smith

I of the Council of the Twelve, and President Marion D. Hanks

of the First Council of the Seventy spoke at the annual meeting of church office employees, which honors both the Christmas season and the birth of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Lamont F. Toronto as president of the Canadian Mission, succeeding President Frank H. Pitcher. President Toronto will retire as

A wonderful new isUtaha formerSecretarymissionaryof State toin January.New Zealand,Long hasactiveservedin theasChurch,a Sundayhe

way to live School teacher for a number of years, and is a former bishop of

Duncan (Salt Lake City) Ward. Mrs. Toronto and their four children will accompany him to the field of labor.

"Children and Christmas,"narrated by Elder Richard L. Evans UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO. and featuring the Salt Lake (Continued on page 86)

Ivy fiaw from your doalor

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Many people claim this simple statement contains the secret of wealth. If it does not contain the

entire secret of wealth, it does contain the secret of successful money management. When family

expenditures are less than family income, the result is happiness. When expenditures exceed income, the result is misery. To help families

achieve financial happiness, A PENNY EARNED was written. This most useful new book gives LDS

families a clear, understandable insight into the art of successful money management—an invaluable guide for LDS family financial planning.

A PENNY EARNED by Howard D. Lowe and Ruth Reeve Lowe

$3.00

itfts o"l0RD ft#N m WELL

Ten centuries of the Lord's work rolls forth upon the shoulders of some of his most noble leaders.

From 2,000 to 1,000 BC, the history of His servants unfolds—revealing such giants as Abraham, Isaac,

Jacob, Moses and many more. An outstanding

sequel to the best seller, "The First 2,000 Years,"

THE THIRD THOUSAND YEARS continues with a clear explanation of the thundering drama of biblical events, commencing with the era of Abraham...making Bible reading an exciting adventure.

THE THIRD THOUSAND YEARS by W. Cleon Skousen

$5.95

BOOKCRAFT 2/65 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send the book (books) as indicated for which I enclose check or money order for $

A Penny Earned The Third Thousand Years

ADDRESS

CITY STATE..ZIP.

FEBRUARY 1865 88 The Church Moves On

(Continued from page 84) The

Tabernacle Choir, was a specialpresentation of the television netAmerican work of the Columbia Broadcasting

System this Christmas Eve. TwoParty

The National Broadcasting Company's "Faith in Action"raido program was given to the System

Salt Lake Scots Bagpipe Band which honored President David O.

McKay. THESE TIMES

The British South Mission was By Dr. G. Homer Durham

organized from parts of the British President, Arizona State University, Tempe and the Southwest British missions by Elder Mark E. Petersen of

the of the Council Twelve like clear party, political in the 1964 The American What seems and ofpresident the European West election is that Young's the fundamental about Brigham comment

Mission. Elder Don K. Archer has the gospel net, brings together all principles and forces which trabeen called by the First Presidency kinds of "fish."Observers of the ditionally influence and operate the

to preside over the new mission. American twoparty system have American twoparty system conPresident Archer, who has been generally noted that differences tinue in full operation. The twoserving in British the Southwest

within each of the major parties party system's characteristics in as sinceMission a missionary Auare as great, if not greater, than American political life are probably gust, is a former of bishop the stronger, durable, characthem. Bryce between Lord and more more

(SaltHolladay Lake County) effort parties terized to than as pervading our conany tweedledumEleventh previously had Ward. He strict or realign to to time time the system any and tweedledee. From asserved bishop's counselor, a a

rigid, philosophical preconceived, to arise individuals attempt whostake Aaronic Priesthood commitit Is situation. this historic point of the flexible view. In short, modifyteeman, Aaronic Priesthood and an

all socalled doctrines (plural) to "organize"go to whichadviser. of possible three Mrs. Archer and

"conservatives"in one party twoparty and all American make up thetheir will serve four children with

President Archer in his new assignso-called "liberals"in another? Not system carry greater force with the

ment. The British Mission has been in American politics, most longAmerican electorate than any single

functioning since 1837. time students of the subject believe. doctrine. Thus, although only 52

Some commentators have asked electoral votes were garnered by f| Nearly one thousand persons whether the Republican party can Mr. Goldwater and Mr. Miller, long

visited the new Deseret Gymrecover from a presidential contest observation affords the view that nasium in Salt Lake City during the in which the top of the ticket carthe twoparty system prevails and first of a twoday openhouse ried only Mississippi, Georgia, will continue to prevail.

period. South Carolina, Alabama, LouisiAny effort to resculpture, reana, and Arizona. Five of these mold, reshape, or realign the

The year 1964 closed with the states were the stronghold of "seessential characteristics of this syschurch members rejoicing becession"from the American union tem must reckon with deep undercause of the blessings individually a hundred years ago. In 1964 the lying forces. Some of these forces

and collectively received. During same five also constituted the are represented in the following

the final days of 1964 each home states in which fewer citizens voted considerations:

was to have received a manual for than in most other states. While 77 1. First, the American political

the weekly family home evenings percent of the eligible voters were party is a loose confederation of that are to begin with the begincasting ballots in Utah, 76.3 in everchanging local political organining of 1965. Minnesota, and 75.6 in Idaho ( first, zations. Democrats and Republisecond, and third in turnout), only cans nationally, so far as their

JANUARY 1965 39.4, 38.5, 34.1, and 33.2 were votorganization is concerned, are more

ing in Georgia, South Carolina, confederate than federal. The parts

President and Sister McKay Alabama, and Mississippi in last of each party are selfmoving and celebrated their sixtyfourth place. Louisiana's 47.1 ranked 42nd. selfpropelled. They may be atwedding anniversary at a family Arizona's reported 54.6 stood in tracted and persuaded towards

reunion. 38th place. national organization and national

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA organizational goals, but they cannot be compelled nor even drawn together by central authority. Those

who want strict "party discipline"in the organizational sense are also foreign to the basic life of the major

American parties. The Russian

communist party is based on strict party "discipline."In contrast, members of American parties are neither initiated, excommunicated, nor

subjected to "discipline."The largest measure of freedom, freedom of

action, freedom of political opinion, and freedom of political movement, characterize American party politics at the national level ( and gratefully at most others ). As a result, each

party tends to be inclusive rather than exclusive. Each wants nearly

everybody to be included, and to exclude almost no available supporters.

Some may question this characby joining the LDS Books teristic of American party life. But Club now! Book of

in a still young, growing nation the politics of freedom warrant few, Mormon, Doctrine and if any, alternatives. Covenants and The

2. Any happy band or indignant

group that wants to "take over"any Pearl of Great Price.

segment of one of the major parties, (offer expires March 31, 1965) or a precinct, county, state, or (good only in the U.S. and Canada)

national convention, has to reckon with the preceding fact—literally,

the politics of freedom. Parliamentary skills, heavy contributors, START YOUR BOOKS CLUB MEMBERSHIP WITH ONE OFTHESE FINE STANDARD

powerful publishers, leaders of WORKS COMPANION VOLUMES "disciplined"groups to the con- 4. EVIDENCES ANDtrary—when the "steamroller"is 1.B00Kby Dr. SidneyOF MORMONB. SperryTESTIFIES$3.50 RECONCILIATIONS

used, it has to be used in full by John A. Widtsoe $3.95

knowledge of the reactions of 2, PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

5. LIVING GOSPEL OUR individualswhich our free and byCOMMENTARYDr. Milton R. Hunter $3.25

0. by Wendell Rich $3.75 systems are capable.complicated

At the bottom of each system, 3. byDOCTRINESBruce R. McConkieOF SALVATION 6. RELIGOUS TRUTHS DEFINED

great or small, is the politics of Vols. I, II and III $3.50 each by Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. $2.00

freedom. Freedom of political as

well as of religious conscience is at of choice.stake: freedom Consequently, in American LDS Books Club, Inc no politician

life can long, if ever, stand inside a P.O. BOX 400 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84101

selfdrawn circle and declare to his fellows: "Come, come, stand

LDS BOOKS circle. things Seewith my me inside

0. Box 400 CLUB,- SaltINC.Lake City, Utah 84101 2-65 the in long P. Rather,as I see them."

I enclose arun, no matter what his charm, Please send me as my first selection the following circled books for which military record, legislative expericheck or money order for the regular retail price of $ ence, or powers of personal per- 1 2 3 4 5 6 suasion, he has to say: "You stand Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether

in your circle, and I'll stand in or not I want the choice book described. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of 4

mine. Let's talk. Let's exchange Books Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised

opinions. Then let's see if together price. I may resign at any time after buying four books. For each 4 books I accept, I

we can decide on a course of action will receive a valuable bonus book free—a savings of 20%.

and put our circles into associaNAME 'tion."And such association is only ADDRESS

(Concluded on follotving page) CITY STATE ZIP..

L FEBRUARY 1'965 87 These Times desired themselves, even to vote as EEmg others may. But the basic doctrine

is all that may a land WE ARE MOVING! (Concluded from preceding page) ofenjoyAmericanthe franchise.politicsIn where

Effective Mar. 1, 1965 semipermanent. In other words, individualism is still nourished, the

an early lesson in American politics doctrine of the individual rights of

THE IMPROVEMENT is similar to the lesson learned by all and not of some, the politics of twoparty will prevail. system the the lead the farm lad. You may ERA OFFICE inprobably the longrange And to water, can't pony but you make

will be located at him drink. fluence of the system tends toward

3. The nature of the American moderation of currently held views,

79 South State Street twoparty system is thus rooted in not radicalism, polarization, or exSalt Lake City, Utah 841 11 the nature of man, supported by tremes.

will Swings do and occur. Each constiof the the nature American That address again... its generation has problems and tutional system. establishment The

79 South State Street of an elected magistracy, the Presiadjustments. But the American twoSalt Lake City, Utah 841 11 dency, by the Constitution made party system, by its nature and its

the twoparty system necessary. tasks, appears to function as a modThe reasons are elementary and erator of the political process. Like

simple. To win a majority in the the governor on a steam locomotive's shaft, the system permits ARE YOU electoral college requires the widest

MOVING? type of "inclusion,"of organization movement back and forth. Violent

and appeal. Organizations had berupture is avoided. The engine does

not explode. elected to magisform around gun If so, don't you want we political a provides system Such in tracies hamlet, county in each to of the miss copies any for vegetarians, prohibitionroom jurisdicstate are what and now Please send your ERA.

ists, singletaxers, radicals, contions, the Revolution. before To of notice change address

liberals, servatives, moderates, elect a as President, required now, directly to IMTHE all sorts; progressives, for those who differthese cooperation between OFPROVEMENT ERA are happy most and wrapped when "circles."defeat replace ent and least To at 30 FICE days

labels; in for those adorned who re- a President opposition an by prior to moving. us Send

your new address, includquires a similar but even wider prefer detachment. The system

ing ZIP code, the address coalition. A narrower coalition, an operates on the premise that conlabel from your last is- "exclusive"approach, will not do tinuing consensus, achieved by free

sue, or a copy of it, with the job. A narrow coalition will not discussion and persuasion on the

the former address and elect a President in the first place. part of free individuals, of whatcode numbers on it. NotiThe American twoparty system at ever persuasion, is preferable to

fying the Post Office is the national level derives from such force, "holy wars,"violence, or the not sufficient. They will facts. imposition of any single will. It is

not forward magazines 4. Finally and fourthly in this a great system. It works reasonably

unless you pay extra review follows the most pervasive well. I believe it will continue to do

postage. consequence of all, looking at the so in these times. It is part of our

nation as a whole and not at any constitutional inheritance.

of its parts. That consequence,

following (1) the politics of freeThe Improvement dom, and (2) provision by the

Constitution of the Presidency, is MOONRISE ON THE DESERT that the twoparty system is a moderating element in American politiBY HALLIE HOLMES cal life. The politics of moderation

prevail in the long run in American Lingering bits of tinted skies

For Ward & Stake life. In presidential elections the Dim, and fade to twilight hues.

Banquets is often personchoice the desert Darkness between creeps upon 3-piece Superior agreeis usually alities. There some Mingling streaks of sunset

STAINLESS ment on fundamentals. Whether blues.

SETS tweedledee or tweedledum is Nighttime creatures wake and

By International elected, the victor has to achieve scurry;

Silver Co. office by maximum recognition of Cacti, mute, their watches stand.

KNIFE the right of each voter to his own Crisp, clean desert breezes blowing,

FORK and Godgiven opinion and his own Covering night with silvery sand.

of the world. This does not SPOON view

Place Setting prevent tremendous effort to change Quiet stillness seems to hover and influence opinion! Till all raucous noises fade.

Set all men the same political privileges Framing pictures God has made. 79* Per It is difficult for some to accord Moonrise shining on the desert,

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2115 S. Uth East, Salt Lake City, Utah

Take this magnificent new MARKED REFERENCE BIBLE 'P in Christian Herald's Family Bookshelf /.o InIQQ) VLlU(-0 f01* OlllV $2*)5 with meml,ersh

TEMPORAL

ORANGE GREEN HOLY SPIRIT BLESSINGS

BLUE PROPHECY

'* v*'

ret- '. '-"'-"-

FIRST BIBLE PRINTED IN FIVE COLORS!

REFERMARKED his* THE the first BIBLE is ENCE and only Bible printed in black for type and FOUR is generous colors, the most marking glowing each It is marker. fine printed on

ScripHoly of a major theme Hereoffer Christian Herald's white India in large, clear paper is Retail price ture. but $19.95, Bookshelf has ever Family made features centertype and 60,000 for only have your copy you may

to new members who join our $2.95, a savings of $17.00, when column references, 5,500 Bible

against literayou Crusade immoral Join Christian Herald's Family questions a and answers, and

Bookshelf! great... the ture Marked Refercomplete section of Bible Readence Bible, a $ 19.95 retail value, ers'Aids. Retail price is $19.95,

for only $2.95! This wonderful new Bible makes it possible, but you may have your copy for only $2.95 when you join

for the first time, to follow systemized chain references where the Family Bookshelf!

each succeeding verse on the same subject appears under Club operation is simple and easy to understand. As a member,

the same glowing color. Yet, the Bible is also geared for inyou read about selections in our monthly book review. If you

spirational reading at any time. When you wish to come want a selection, it will come automatically; if not, just tell us

closer to the HOLY SPIRIT, you read any verse overprinted not to send the book. You pay only $3.00—never more—for each

in green; look up verses in the blue color when you wish selection you accept (even though publishers'prices are as high

the selection. pay and you you receive as $5.95!), You recolors choose the orange more light and red on PROPHECY;

fine ceive a $6.95 up to ABSOLUTELY BONUS BOOKafterworth promises the Bible about what you want to know more when this after selections for introductory accept you each two FREE

in TEMPORAL BLESSINGS and SALVATION. offer—and you help keep our Crusade for decent literature on

The MARKED REFERENCE BIBLE is the King James the march by agreeing to accept at least five more books.

Version, bound in GENUINE LEATHER, limp binding Please add your strength to our Crusade NOW! Take advantage

style in beautiful Morocco grain, with gold edges and ribbonof this unique joining offer and mail the coupon below today!

Start Your Membership With Any Of These Volumes Christian Herald's Family Bookshelf, E7EX-B5 (Values Up To $ 3.90) For Only $3.00 9 East 38th St., New York, N. Y. 1 001

D2. Is Faith Star A 422, A Vanished bill Yes! the Please send only BIBLE MARKED me REFERENCE and me

Pilgrim The World. and Anne G. retail Joinprice. saving the on thus $2.95, Also $17.00 send the me me Prince,. Sneller. r. Family Gam I ing circling indicated Book Enroll of have the below. by one numbers living in 1890! man, Gladys H.

price, a Pub. Christian as bill $6.00 of Barr. Herald's Bookshelf Family only me member and Philosome

of phies 50 great I plus for postage Joining Book. handling $3.00 and purchase to agree my 413. This Upon Americans and

at least five will selections in of Club advise more ROCk. you and advance me of story John Frank G.

I If Slaughter. Life it, Pub. each selection. theBunyan. month's not do notify only within want I need you

price, $8.90 of Saint Peter.

I will the prescribed. never time than for pay each selection $3.00 more price, Pub. $5.95 2. In Adventures

I purchased, every for additional and after two Jointhis accept books the Holy 4. Albert Land. Schweit-

I ing will Offer receive a Bonus worth to Book up FREE $6.95. Vincent Norman *& Erica AnderPeale. 100 mag- s son'magnifinificent photos! biography. cent

price, Pub. $5.95 price, Pub. $4.95

D2 25 34 252 66 413 422 Fire. On 2S2. Man 25. Our Beyond Blythe. LeGette Selves. Catherine life Fascinating

Marshall. Her of Paul. Saint

life. of secrets price, $4.95 Pub.

price, $4.95 Pub. 66, Name Christ and the

Bible 34. The and Arts, Fine cynArchaeology, thia Pearl Maus. A. Address. 100 art j.170 Thompson. Overtreasures reproof recent photos

duced. price, Pub. excavations! City, State, Zip Code. $6.95 price, Pub. $5.95

Letters and Reports

ATTENDANCE RECORD "THIS BAND DILIGENCE

RUNS TEN YEARS IS TOO SMALLI"IS HONORED

When it's time to be Most Beehive girls in church, Wesley don't plan to outStringer is there—algrow their bands—

ways. This nineteenthe felt bands on

yearold from El Dowhich they proudly rado Branch in Arwear the awards they kansas has a tenyear receive during the 100 percent attendtwo-year Beehive ance record at Sunprogram.

day School and SacFor Devona Gabrament meeting. For seven years—since rys of Salt Lake City,

he was made a deacon—he has had perthis was almost a

fect attendance in priesthood meeting. problem. Devona

Wesley has received six individual Aaronic earned all 91 honor

Priesthood awards. He is the son of Mr. badges, every one

and Mrs. Ben Stringer. offered, during her Beehive activity. Her

ERA IS BELOWEQUATOR herrowsshoulderof cellshapedand downbadgesthe climbedback of overthe

MISSIONARY band almost to the bottom.

She is a Worker Bee and an Honor Bee.

Thank you for producing such a wonderful publication. Often do I let my nonEXPLORERS WIN IN WATER Sharel Lee Nef Eileen Clay

member friends read it, and at all times Beverly Unbedacht positive verytheir been remarks have (not pictured) in the eight Explorers of small Post as A periodiof the quality standard theto and the of Platte Western Branch North their leaders and Mutual Young women this in great work!cal. continue Do States has branch Mission memmade in increasing are the earning numbers effort. fine for your onceThanks more Bill Buffalo the receiving bers proud by for receivMedallion prized Gold medal Olev Taim troDivision District Senior Meet Swim individual ing seven awards in Mutual of Pretoria, Republic in row. a third year for the phy work. Africa South ate, for 1964 members team Winning is set leader the has example who A Carter, Poff, 1 r, Robert to Melbourne Stake. Hall, Annis Letha Rigby Ward, W. PLUS MEDALLION TWOGOLD Pell. Gary and Chambers, Roland is of seven, the mother grandmother She

simultaneously serves as to two, and of Hancock, Downey memberLaNada teacher, Patrol School Guide Sunday Stake, earned (Idaho) PortneufWard, sports in leader Primary, and YWMIA for receiving award Medallionher Gold JP'lfe || director. and camp in work. awards individualseven MIA

is stucollege in the Annis Also Ward earning going, right on kept sheThen the Lelia has earned dent Hanson who beand ninth awards year eighth andthe is is College, attending Ricks award. She tenth, which was the on workginning

interrupted by a call to serve in the Cenworking on her Golden Gleaner award, tral British Mission. She is shown with and has earned eight individual awards.

Nef, Sharel Still in Idaho, eastern Leeher bishop, J. Dale Criddle.

of the Darrell of daughter Bishop J. Nef,

Leadore Ward, Salmon River Stake, has earned the award. She is a Ricks College

graduate.

Eileen Clay set a high goal for younger

UTAH DRAFTEES TOP IN FITNESS girls in the Spokane (Washington) Stake to aim at by receiving the medallion.

Utah ranked first in the nation in 1963 in She has been active in the Spokane Sixth the fitness of its military draftees on the Ward and is now a student at Brigham basis of preinduction examinations, acYoung University.

cording to a study by the Army Surgeon Also in the Northwest, Beverly Un-'

General's office. The study showed 67.9% bedacht received the Gold Medallion

of Utah draftees were acceptable, comaward in the Renton (Washington) Third pared to 67.2% for Nebraska, the secondWard, Seattle East Stake. Beverly has

ranked state, and 50% for the national served as chorister on a stake and ward average. level, Sunday School and Primary teacher.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN PAYS $100 WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and smoking are harmful. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers are

excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting the first day

you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drink sickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else narcotics. liquor or everything On Fill application right below mail out for so and pay premiums why fully low you're amazingly protected—at will policy approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! mailed. at begins promptly Coverage noon in seeEvery your day newspaper you policy. date deof on effective Don't your 3. loss that evidence drinking for benefits smokingmore and Other lay. enter people 50,000 almost Every day life.shorten They're ofAmerica's one now of 90 accident within days hospitals. get protection now. your So healthleading cause prime problems—a policy). (as described in pay $2000 We hospitaliratesof the high premium most death. accidental for cash cash $2000 Or

policies charge.zation foot, sight loss for of or of one hand, one MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

loss for eye. of cash policy carefully. both minRead overyour one $6000 your Or Ask rates are based your on Our it. ister, lawyer doctor sure examine and Be feet. eyes, hands, or both both

it it exactly provides what Then, say towe superior health, all at not satisreason are if for any you 100%does. nondrinkeras nonsmoker. a and The to just back policy mail invite us within your close 30 comparison We

will fied,days we immediately enand refund your HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire asked. questions premium. can You No offertion unbelievably Plan low can you

. dollars gain thousands risk nothing...you of is like ours. Actually, other comBut norates drinkers because accept not do we

rates. save. See pare what you rates. Also, smokers, cause highand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly StreetCity or RD # Jone..County..State.

TAX FREE—even for life, Age Date of Birth

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height-.Weights

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times L

collect.you

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, 4.

except pregnancy, war or miliany act of belief, are you of the best and and knowledge your To ortary service, accidents preexisting or disease? free impairment, physical Yes and any from allQmembers

or any of have best the above you your No Qlistedlistedhadabovemedicalin goodadvicehealthor knowledge, To member

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include year first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, please Yes stating person affected, cause, date, name and addresspremium with application.

fully recovered. G No physician,Q of attending whether and

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly apply I hereby child 18 Each originating under and pays $2o $28 forNeithera policyI norbasedany personon the listedunderstandingabove usesthattobaccothe policyor alcoholicdoes notbeverages,cover conditionsand

adult Each prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions. 1964 pays $380 $38

Date: Signed:X

Each adult ATIAT 65100 pays $590 *59 Mail this application with your first premium to 2187

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM IT PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

FEBRUARY 1965 91 THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O MCKAY

RESPONSIBILITIES

OF THOSE WHO ENTER

upon the fact that man and woman truly love each

In place of the regular editorial this month we are other. That means that a couple coming to the altar

presenting, approval, with President the adMcKay's session of should be sure that there is love in each heart. It dress in the first dedicatory he delivered

the Oakland Temple held Tuesday, November 17, would be a terrible thing to be bound for eternity to addresses 1964. Other given at the dedicatory services one whom you do not love, but it is a glorious thing this issue. begin 106 in on page

to be sealed for time and all eternity to one whom you do love.

This has truly been an inspirational hour. Each heart Let us ever remember that love is the divinest attriis filled, I am sure, with thanksgiving and gratitude bute of the human soul. God himself is love. Our

for the opportunity of sitting here in this sacred edifice hearts are really one with him in that eternal home, and sensing the nearness of heavenly beings. Always and so when a couple kneels at the altar and receives

on occasions such as this we feel nearer to him and to the privilege and blessing of that eternal sealing, one his Beloved Son than anywhere else, except in our should be sure that love is binding those two hearts private devotion and communion with the Almighty. that will now be bound by the holy power of the

It is now the hour when we should unite in dedicatpriesthood for time and all eternity. Associated with

ing this holy house to our Heavenly Father. I feel imthat should be the realization that love must be fed;

pressed to say just a few words preceding the offering otherwise that binding, that sealing power, that coveof the dedicatory prayer. nant which is made, may not last forever. Love must

Temples are erected for the blessing of the people be nourished; love can be starved to death just as

through the covenants they make. Everybody who literally as the body can be starved without daily

enters the temple will make certain covenants or take sustenance. There is no one great protestation that

upon himself or herself certain responsibilities. anybody can make that will be sufficient to keep that

One great purpose carried out by those who come love alive always. There are certain obligations taken

into the temple is the sealing of man and wife in the by those who make covenants at the altar, and those sacred bonds of matrimony. That purpose is based obligations must be manifest after they go out of the

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA temple. One is kindness. There should be no unpriests are trying to answer it and writing articles in

kindness manifest in the homes occupied by couples answer to it, but the answer to that question is found who leave the house of God. in this house which you have built.

In one of the epistles that Paul wrote, there are some A Chinese student was graduated from one of our statements now known throughout the Christian leading colleges in the United States. He was returnworld as the Psalm of Love (see 1 Cor. 13), the first ing to his native land, and while on the ship crossing

of which is: "Love suffereth long and is kind."(See the Pacific, he entered into conversation with a Protibid., 13:4.) The word "suffereth"includes patience, estant minister who rightfully explained that only

tolerance, and consideration. We can visualize homes through the name of Jesus Christ will mankind be

in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in saved, and that is why he was going over to the the great majority of which there is kindness on both Chinese nation to preach Jesus Christ and him cruciparts because there is love there—a binding love which fied. The Chinese student, imbued with his love for

will not be separated by death. Love suffereth long his parents and the family relationship which to the

and is always kind and gentle. Chinese is very real, listened to this minister say that

Men of the Church should remember and women only through Jesus Christ would people receive salof the Church should realize that kindness will foster vation, and said, "Then what about my ancestors?"—

love and that it should be a reciprocal act. There are a question the whole world should ask. The minister

men of courtesy, men who think of and give special replied, "They are lost!"Said the student, "I'll have

thought to their wives, and wives who consider their nothing to do with a religion so unjust."So he faced

husbands. Paul, in that same epistle, says, "Love the question: Either those thousands and millions

seeketh not her own"(see ibid., 13:5) but the welfare who have gone before who have never heard the name

and happiness of others. And another line in that same of Jesus Christ will be saved differently from the rest

epistle says, "Love believeth all things."(See ibid., of us who have had a chance to hear of him, or else

13:7.) If that love is fed daily and monthly and yearly God is a Being showing partiality.

throughout a lifetime, the husband's attention will not As love is as eternal as life, so the principles of be drawn to somebody else because there is trust in salvation are as eternal as life, and they apply to the that binding power of the priesthood; neither will there first person who was born in mortality just as much as

be attraction or indulgence in any other way, because they apply to you and me here. That is just. And since

love trusts, "believeth all things"(see idem), and millions have died without baptism (as baptism and there must be foundation and cause for that trust the all these other principles pertain to mortality), I husband has in the wife and the trust which the wife should think, then, that these people should have an has in her husband. opportunity to hear that same gospel and come

Mormonism, the principle element of it, is the apthrough the door of baptism as you and I had to come plication of religion to daily life. That is what you through that door. It is not an impossible mission to

members have done in participating in the erecting our Father in heaven, and this temple ordinance work of this edifice, what the Church has done bringing is one means of accomplishing it—one means of openinto the homes of the membership of the Church those ing the door.

elements which will make for happiness and peace here So those who come in this house, you and I, now and now, and that is just what it will do. Our young have the opportunity and responsibility of trying as

people should be taught to choose mates who will far as we can to reach those of our ancestors so that feed, nourish, perpetuate that bond which brings we may open the door for those who wait.

them to the altar here in this temple—love. If your Jesus went to preach to the spirits in prison who

spirit lives after death, as it does, then that attribute were once disobedient in the days of Noah when "the of love will persist also, just as sympathy, just as reverark was a preparing."( 1 Peter 3:20.) That is as simple

ence, and every other virtue that you have will persist. as can be and may be understood by anybody who

What is the other obligation? It is the lesson of understands the language in which the passage is read.

eternal life—the immortality of the soul. It means that thousands of years ago those people, men

The Apostle Paul asked this of the Corinthians: and women, died who once were disobedient in the

"Else what shall they do which are baptized for the days of Noah before the flood. Jesus preached to them

dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then while his body lay in the tomb three days, and opened

baptized for the dead?"(ibid., 15:29)—an eternal the door to them, and sent men of the priesthood to

question asked two thousand years ago and unanlet them hear the same gospel which you and I are swered today by any of the churches except The now preaching. What principle is paramount in that?

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Half the Why, those spirits were (Continued on page 145)

FEBRUARY 196S 93 TH BY REGINALD J. LOWE. SR.'E

Behold, two men having each received a lovely garden for an inheritance, sat themselves down in the midst thereof to enjoy their possessions.

Janthea, the first, said unto himself: I

love this garden, and I love the man who was so mindful of me that he gave it to me for an inheritance. I shall be happy all my

days.

Straightway he fell asleep and dreamed of his treasure, and lo, when he awoke, a great drouth was upon the land, and the flowers were withered and dying.

And Janthea cried, "My garden, it is withered and will soon be no more. I am

unhappy indeed! No more will I look upon

it until the rains come."And he retreated to

his closet to mourn his loss.

But when it was evening he came again to see if perchance it might all be a dream he had dreamed. And lo, while he had been

away, cattle entered and trampled what was left into the earth.

Now Dathan sat also in his garden to enjoy it, and he said to himself: I love these

flowers. I love the man who gave me this

garden for an inheritance. God is good.

Now the drouth was in all the land, and

Dathan's garden began to wither also, and he shook his head, saying, "When will the rains come?"

But the rains came not, and he was sore afraid his garden should soon be no more.

Now, being a righteous man, Dathan kneeled in the midst of his garden to pray that rains might come to his plants. And

when it was evening, he looked into the heavens, and he saw no clouds. There was

no rain, and the leaves fell and were blown about by the wind.

Then came cattle to break down and trample under foot that which was left.

Dathan rose up before them, driving them out to a again flourisheth."

place where there was much water flowing through But when he came nigh unto the place, he saw no the land; and he heard the river and he said, "Is it fence round about it anymore, and the earth was

wisdom in God to put so much water in this river, parched, and nothing grew thereon.

and yet my garden is parched, and the earth is And Janthea cried aloud: "Oh, Lord, why hast thou

cracked with dryness?"Then a great shout went out dealt thus with me? Surely I loved this garden, and I

from Dathan, and he hastened to his garden and loved him who gave it me for an inheritance. I loved

brought tools with which to dig. thee and walked uprightly before thee, and notwithAnd when he was come to the river the second standing this, thou hast forsaken me, and my field is

time, behold Janthea, his neighbor, sat on the bank, laid waste."

and his face was hid in his hands. Dathan inquired Now when a man toiling in a nearby field heard the

of him his troubles, and Janthea cried with the voice cry, he came quickly, saying, "Why dost thou lament of great affliction, saying, "God has forsaken me, for in this manner?"

he sent not the rain, and my garden withered, and And Janthea said unto him, "Behold my garden cattle trod it into the earth."which was given me for an inheritance. But the rains

And Dathan answered him, saying: "Be of good came not, and cattle entered and trampled into the

cheer, for I bring good tidings. Behold I prayed, and earth even that which was left."

the Lord sent cattle to my garden, and when I drove The one who was come to inquire answered him them forth, they led me to the river. Come now, get not, but put his arm about Janthea and led him to

thee up and help me, and together we will dig that the shade of a fig tree; and when he had seated him,

the river may flow to our gardens and into the midst he said unto him, "Now I know thee. Thou are Janthea.

thereof, that once more the flowers may bloom and Rememberest thou me?"

the vines flourish as before."Janthea answered, saying: "Yea, I know thee, and I

But Janthea would not, and he rose up and departed, perceive that thou art prosperous, and thy vines and saying as he went: "I loved my garden. I loved the fig trees are heavy with fruit. I know also that thy

man who gave it me for an inheritance. I loved God, beautiful flowers are blooming, for their perfume is

but he has forsaken me in my need."in my nostrils. Truly God hath heaped all good things

Now when he was gone, Dathan began to dig in on one but taketh from another even all that he hath."

the parched earth; and after many days water flowed Dathan gazed out upon the hard earth of Janthea's

into his garden, and it sprang forth and grew and was garden and upon the man's ragged garments and wept.

even more beautiful and more fruitful than before; and Janthea was astonished and said, "Thou art blest

Dathan thanked God and went forth and tilled yet above all men; why weepest thou?"

more ground, and planted vines and fig trees round Dathan answered, "I weep not for myself, but for about him; and many came from afar off to buy fruit the misery which is on thee, for even though I should

of his trees and to look on the splendor he had give unto thee this, mine own garden, misery would wrought. be with thee still."

Now Janthea wandered up and down in the land, Janthea said: "Yea, it must needs be, for God hath

and his misery was great, for nowhere was his home, forbidden me to prosper in the land. It were better

and rags were his only covering. But when he was had my head been dashed against a stone in my

old, Janthea remembered again the land of his inyouth."

heritance, and he said, "I will go up and see whether But Dathan pointed to the clear stream flowing in perchance the rains have returned and my garden his garden, and spoke, (Continued on page 159)

FEBRUARY 196S 95 Firstffear The \ffcerMarriage

BY HARVEY L. TAYLOR

VICE CHANCELLOR UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM PART 1 One of our fine writers on the subject of courtship and comradeship, there is another distinctive mark of love.

engagement has said: It is the sense of being lifted to higher levels of living.

"Engagement, ideally, is the understanding reached A person who is actually in love is involved in deep when the exploration of courtship has brought the disthinking and feeling regarding many things of the covery that a couple have enough in common in their utmost meaning in life. The words sweetheart, wife,

ideas, ideals, tastes, interests, and emotions to be husband, mother, father, child, and home have gathreasonably sure they are in love. ered about them some of the most significant ideas

"When courtship has reached this stage, many of the in human thinking. What is more likely to involve

uncertainties and perplexities of earlier phases belong greater thoughtfulness, tenderness, and selfsubordi- to the past. Jim no longer is in doubt about whether nation of finer and more gripping aspirations than

Beth really enjoys a good football game or feels the thoughts of the homesharing experiences upon which way he does about his ambitions to be a physician. every genuine lover is intent? When one's thoughts are

Beth is no longer uncertain about how Jim likes her much occupied with such matters, life is quite natuto arrange her hair or whether he would expect her to rally lifted and energized. A lover aspires to finer

ask him for spending money if they were married. things, is more conscious than ever before of shortAnd both of them are at the comfortable stage where comings, and finds fresh courage and strength to

they can be themselves and act natural without fear of realize fine ambitions.

creating friction or misunderstanding. "When a couple have tested and proved this com-

"This understanding is the basis of the feeling of radeship and its lifting power, they can properly concomradeship that is one of the signs of love. There is clude that they are in love, and engagement may

a peculiar satisfaction in agreeing so completely. rightly follow that conclusion."(Roy E. Dickerson,

Being together is a delight because of the many things "When a Couple Is Engaged.")

they have in common. The feeling of comradeship You will discover that the first year after marriage

even though apart is vastly satisfying, yet one that is a period of great adjustment, and you will find it makes it impossible to be content if long separated. It unlike any other experience you have ever had. If you

is something one can be sure about, for there is no are not prepared to recognize and make these adjustmistaking the satisfactions arising from this feeling ments, your married life could easily begin with misof 'togetherness'in essential ideals, interests, and tastes. understanding and frustration.

"Closely associated with the intense satisfactions of It is well to remember that each will bring to this

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA new life a concept of how best to make an ideal begin- ( 3 ) It is very important that both husband and wite ning as married partners. Each will be strongly inhave an allowance and that there be no accounting to

fluenced by the patterns of family life in the home in each other as to how this allowance is spent. It should

which he or she was reared and by examples of sucbe understood, however, that there are certain things cessful married couples which have been known which should be covered from the allowance.

to him or her. (4) From the very beginning plan to pay your

If you have already anticipated possible differences tithing—a full tithing. Our Heavenly Father will bless

and have discussed these during your courtship, the the home that makes an effort to do those financial difficulty of adjustment the first year after marriage things which help to carry on his great work here upon should not be too much of a problem. this earth.

I believe there are about eight basic adjustments you will need to make during your first year—I am sure no Let us be warned of the dangers of overspending

one would want to say which, if any, are most imand of instalment buying. It is only natural when

portant, so we may as well begin with economic young people marry that the husband would like to adjustment. obtain everything for his wife that she could want or

[economic fl desire in the way of a home, furniture, appliances, automobiles, and clothes. Many things today can be

purchased without any money down. This is a great

temptation to the newly married. As a result it is not

uncommon for young people to go in debt far beyond their ability to pay. In many cases this creates unhappiness and discontent, and very often the first

misunderstandings that develop between young marUp until the time of marriage each has had his own ried couples are over the matter of money as it income from what he or she has earned, possibly suprelates to paying instalment commitments. I thereplemented by amounts provided by parents or others. fore strongly urge that you begin at the level of your

Each has more or less become economically indeability to pay. If necessary, be content with used furnipendent and has been accustomed to making his or ture set up in a very modest home, which may be

her own budget and spending the money according rented. Drive a car that is not beyond your means.

to his or her own particular desires. After marriage Plan to own your own home as soon as possible. To

this should change. Now it should be not "my money"begin with, let this be a modest home. The average

but "our money."In recorded statements regarding young person who is just beginning would not be

dissatisfactions that arise in married life, you will able to afford a house that costs $20,000 to $30,000.

find the one most often mentioned is the inability of Further, make all money matters as automatic as married couples properly to resolve their financial difpossible so you never have to argue. There is nothing

ficulties. Therefore, I strongly urge that you begin by that destroys marital happiness any more quickly than

making a budget and then living by it. You will find to have to argue over things which should resolve

that your budget will have to be changed frequently themselves automatically. In money matters, as in all

because the times and circumstances under which you others, be very frank with each other. I have always

live change, your likes and dislikes change, your wants felt that it was an advantage if you maintained a small change, your associations change, all of which have account from which to pay for items that come up marked effect upon your budget. Nevertheless, one of unexpectedly. But before either one of you draws on

the best ways to work out your money differences is to this account it is my judgment that the matter should agree on a budget. Be sure to give consideration to be discussed and agreement reached as to what the

the following: money should be spent for.

(1) A certain amount each payday should be put It is unfortunate that money has to play such an aside as savings. Whether this amount is 10c, $10, or important part in the lives of people, but this is the

$100, this should be consistently done. way it is, and regardless of how you feel about it,

(2) Another amount should be set aside to meet you must be realistic at all times. If you approach this

current expenses. subject intelligently, conservatively, with an idea that

FEBRUARY 1965 97 you are not going to overspend regardless of your the use of language in the home, frequency of entertastes, you will be able to meet the issues as they come taining guests, whether or not there should be readup, resolve the differences as they arise, and be able ing in bed and the playing of music after retiring. The

to realize the goals you set for yourselves even though question also should be settled regarding opening each it may take several years to do so. other's mail. It is not uncommon for members of a

A high school home economics teacher told of family to feel that they should be informed as to what taking a group of her young high school girls to visit goes on in private telephone conversations. Many do

a very lovely new home, tastefully decorated and not approve this. Privacy is very important in the lives

furnished. As one of the girls said goodbye to the of married people and should be respected. I also behostess, she turned to her and said, "Mrs. Blank, when lieve that it is very wrong to talk about old love

I get married I am going to have a home just like this."affairs.

Mrs. Blank smiled and held the youngster's hand for It is important, too, that the man not constantly re-

a moment and said, "I hope you might, my dear. It mind his wife about his mother's wonderful cooking.

took us over thirty years to get it."There are ways of handling matters of this kind if

they are done tactfully and with love, and they need never offend.

It is very important that you respect each other's personal belongings, belongings of all kinds. One or

the other of you may have come from a home where it is very common to have no particular privacy, that which belongs to one, belongs to all. I have no particular brief against this concept, if both agree. However, one of the partners may have come from a home

Now let's talk about personal adjustments. Prior to where this sort of thing is not tolerated. This difference

your marriage each of you had developed ways of of opinion as with other matters should be talked doing and thinking which were peculiar to you. Since over, and there should be an effort to compromise in

you were responsible pretty much to yourself, it did such a way that the interests and activities of each not make too much difference just what these were other will have an opportunity to develop to the fullest so long as they conformed with the general social, reand not at the expense of the other.

ligious, and economic patterns of the environment in which you lived. Now, it may be to the best interest

of your combined happiness if some adjustments are made. Some of these might be as follows:

1. Your choice of foods

2. How foods are prepared

3. Time for meals

4. Where meals are eaten

5. Kinds of foods served at different meals

6. The kind of clothes to buy May we now say something about physical adjust-

7. The care that should be taken of clothes ment? Two people living so closely together need to

make many very delicate physical adjustments. Every

You will find that very often you have differences of attention should be given to the care of your person.

opinion regarding radio and TV programs. You will Great personal cleanliness is absolutely a must. You

have differences of opinion as to the kind of books and may have to make adjustments to such things as hay magazines that should be bought. I cannot feel that fever and allergies. The menstrual period will also

it is fair fqr the husband to insist on having just the need to be understood by both.

books and magazines he wants to read. There should The question of your sex life and relations is one

be a compromise so that both are satisfied. which should be treated with the greatest delicacy and

There may also be differences of opinion regarding understanding. To many this is thought of as only a

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA physical experience. In my judgment it is much more wife have been strained because the husband inthan this. It can become a very beautiful spiritual exsisted that he must spend several nights a week with

perience which, if properly understood, can result in his old cronies, doing things which they like to do and bringing young married couples close together in love in which they feel women should not be interested.

and appreciation for one another. The proper underDuring pregnancy a man. should not leave his wife

standing and righteous approach to this particular part alone any more than he has to if it is her desire that of your physical adjustment can result in a type of he stay home with her.

marital happiness which will be of the highest order A girl also often has the fear that she won't be and which will create love and understanding and able to make the kind of home that her husband wants.

appreciation for one another of a type that nothing This causes her great concern. The man often worries

else can. On the other hand, the opposite can be true that he won't be able to make a living for his wife and

and very often is, and results, if not in divorce, in family on the scale that he knows she would like much unhappiness, distrust, and often physical and and which, of course, he would like. He is also afraid

emotional illness. It is well to remember in all your that he can't give his wife all the things that he would

physical relationships pertaining to your sex life that like her to have. There isn't a man who really loves

you are children of our Heavenly Father, and in his wife who wouldn't like her to have the finest you are the highest endowments of any living creature clothes in the shops, the finest furniture that artisans on the earth, and therefore you should keep this relacan make, and the most beautiful home that builders tionship sweet and holy. Never reduce it to the level of can build. Few young men can provide such

the animal. things. However, the most important things that any

woman wants or that any man wants after marriage are love, understanding, and appreciation. If they have

these things, money, homes, cars, furniture, and all the other things will be of small importance.

Let me urge you to respect each other's opinions and ideas. There isn't such a thing as one being all right

and one being all wrong. Do not argue about things,

but hear each other out. Ofttimes it isn't even necessary

that it be established whether one is right and one is wrong, but it is desirable that each have an opportunity

Now may we turn to some important problems perto "speak his mind."If, however, the time arrives—

taining to your emotional adjustment. It is well for and it often does—when a decision has to be made

the man to remember there is often a very strong desire and there is a division of opinion as to what should for his wife to want to return to her home occasionally be done, it is often a good idea for each to express and be with her mother. This is natural. Your new wife how he feels about it and then wait several days and

feels very keenly her responsibility as a home builder, see how things come out. More often than not, one or

and it gives her a great deal of satisfaction to talk at the other will come over to the opinion of the other so great lengths about things not of interest to her husthat there will be no problem.

band and understood only by her mother. It is not that I urge you to try to find a way to eliminate moods,

she is running home to her mother as a tale bearer, temper, crying, and feelings of jealousy. These all

but it is more to have the assurance that what she is undermine the high spiritual life of individuals and doing is right and that she is succeeding in her remake for discontent and for misunderstanding. Selfsponsibilities as a new wife. ishness is a great destroyer of home life. Of course

Likewise, the man will often want to spend an there are a large number of other personal adjustments evening with his old gang. There is no reason why which we don't mention here. However, you will find

he shouldn't at times go out with the boys with whom that most of the ones we have discussed are those that he associated before he was married. But on the other you will have to meet the first year after your marriage

hand, if it means leaving his wife home alone too often, and are, therefore, important to you now.

this is something that should be avoided. What might

have been fine relationships between husband and (To be continued)

FEBRUARY 1963 99 SINCE CUMORAH BY HUGH N1BLEY. PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

The Search for the Original Scriptures

A conspicuous aspect of most of an extensive daily dissembling to the recently discovered Christian keep unqualified outsiders from writings, as well as of the early meddling with things they would

Apocrypha in general, is the frenot understand or appreciate. Both

quent insistence in them on secrecy, types of reticence are conspicuous

At present anthropologists are bein the early Jewish and Christian coming increasingly aware that the literature. In the Dead Sea Scrolls

deliberate suppression of informathe people of the community are tion by the native peoples among instructed not to discuss their docwhom they work is far more gentrines and doings with "the people eral, farreaching, and significant of the pit,"i.e., the outside world; 2

than they hitherto have been willbut aside from that they are put ing to admit. As a recent study under specific oaths of secrecy repoints out, there are two main kinds garding certain specific things. 3

of reticence: "... a whole body of When Jesus instructed Peter,

material was secret in the sense James, and John to tell no man of that it was to be kept from the outwhat they had seen on the Mount sider... the nonAborigine. There of the Transfiguration, he was

was also secret information which withholding sacred things from the

V Ojt> ktlmMAJu kfiAUU&fs iidLujkJht,

was to be kept from the uninitiated. uninitiated; 4 when on the other

... I refer to the former as dishand he parried tricky questions of

sembled culture."1 the Pharisees by asking them counLatter-day Saint missionaries ter questions and then telling them

laboring among native peoples have that if they could not answer him long noted the existence among he would not answer them, he was them of both genuine secrets, that simply evading them. 5 In the

is, things too sacred to be menClementine Recognitions, when tioned to anybody outside of a parPeter refuses to tell Clement about ticular time, place, and religious salvation for the dead until Clement occasion, and on the other hand of himself has received certain ordi100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nances, he is withholding secret of triumph, blessed meals with the wholly bereft of the apocalyptic teachings, 6 but when he refuses to Messiah...."10 This preliminary wing which had passed over into

discuss the nature of the Godhead glimpse should suffice to indicate Christianity."14 It was because it

with Simon Magus, he explains that that what all "vertical"Jews had in represented that other tradition, as he is deliberately evading the man common was secrecy and emphasis Professor Torrey has shown, that because he has no real desire to on Messianic and prophetic teachearly Christianity was so intensely learn about the Godhead and only ings—teachings which the doctors unpopular with the Jewish scribes

wants to cause trouble. 7 of the schools (the "horizontal"and Pharisees; everything in the

Recently Professor Goodenough tradition) disliked intensely and Christian teaching suggested to of Yale, after long years of searchopposed with all their might. their minds the old vertical Mesing among the earliest archaeologiJust as Goodenough distinguishes sianic Judaism—Justin Martyr incal remains of Judaism, has been between two conflicting traditions sists on bringing the identity of the

able to show that there has existed of Judaism on the basis of recent two to the attention of the resentful through the centuries not one but archaeological findings, so H. J. Jew Trypho again and again.

two distinct types of Judaism, Schoeps, on the basis of new manu- "If we had only the traditions of the one following what he calls "the script discoveries, distinguishes the Jews themselves,"Goodenough horizontal path,"the other "the between two like levels of Chrisassures us, "we should hardly have vertical path."8 The former type, tianity and even goes so far as to suspected the existence of the

variously designated as rabbinic, suggest that the old original Chriswhole body of apocryphal and halachic, normative, or Talmudic tianity was actually stamped out by pseudepigraphical literature, for

Judaism, is the only Judaism known the latter type, 11 which was intelthese, I repeat, have survived to our histories today. This is belectually orientated and strongly thanks only to Christian copyists."15

cause its representatives have, by opposed to the old MessianicBut these writings which the Jewish years of determined struggle, either millennialist tradition. 12 The resemdoctors had rejected and the early

stamped its rival out entirely where blance between the corresponding Christians accepted were in time they could, or forced it underschools of Jewish and Christian rejected by the Christian doctors ground. "The final victory of rabthought is not accidental. also, 16 and so were lost both to the

binic Judaism over its ancient mysThe Christian doctors got their Jewish and the Christian worlds, tic rival,"writes Goodenough, doctrine and philosophy from the their very existence denied by "of- "makes it hard to convince modern same Alexandrian fount from ficial"Judaism and Christianity,

Jews of the reality of Jewish myswhich the Jewish doctors got theirs, and sank out of sight until their tical tradition."9 both being dedicated to the allerediscovery in our own day.

The old submerged Judaism has gorical interpretation of the scripThe recognition of the "underbeen called Hasidic, cabbalistic, tures and the basic proposition that ground"nature of vertical Judaism mdasimic, and Karaitic, but none revelation and prophecy had forand Jewish Christianity supplies the of these terms is very satisfactory ever ceased. Students have long student with valuable clues to unsince each designates only some been aware that primitive Chrisderstanding the real background

particular underground movement tianity was a carrying forward of of the Bible, of which one begins

I) {MAuubQeMMh 1 NEPHI 1326OJbtMSA dJL3*iy) hwHtjtw

in Judaism. Seeking an overall term, the old "vertical"Jewish tradition, to think now more than ever in

Goodenough refers to the "vertical"from which it inherited the apocryterms of hidden treasures. Only

tradition (i.e., seeking direct as phal writings which were so consider the illusive nature of the

against historical contact with heavdespised by the Jewish and ChrisBible through the ages: why has

en), and cautiously uses the word tian doctors alike. 13 "Legalistic it ever been a subject of the widest

"mystic"to describe it. It is not Pharisaism,"wrote R. H. Charles disagreement, as St. Augustine

surprising that, in order to survive, many years ago, "in time drove out notes with sorrow, among even the "later teachers of this tradition dealmost wholly the apocalyptic, i. e., most pious, devout, and learned

veloped a 'secret teaching'(I dare prophetic, element... and became men? If such men cannot agree,

not say Mystery)... characterized the parent of Talmudic Judaism,"Origen pointed out in the third

by a succession of heavens, thrones whereupon Judaism became "almost century, lesser men such as ourFEBRUARY 1965 lOt selves can never be perfectly sure The only scriptures Nephi knew Bible and in the Qumran manuof what the Bible means. 17 If we are were a collection of writings, more script, a thousand years older."19 So

to approach certainty at all, the first extensive indeed than what is conNephi is right on both scores: the

step must be to ask what in our day tained in our Old Testament, but record is indeed true and "of great has become the allengrossing quesnot conflicting with it. worth,"though it is far from comtion of biblical scholarship, namely: When Lehi eagerly examined the plete.

What was the original form in plates which his sons had brought Towards the close of his book, which the message was conveyed? down from Jerusalem, he disNephi quotes two chapters of

What did the original Testaments covered that they contained (1) Isaiah (48 and 49) in full. This

look like? "... the five books of Moses,..."would indeed be a daring thing for

In Joseph Smith's day it was (2) "... the prophecies of the holy a forger to do—to include whole

generally assumed that the Old prophets, from the beginning, even pages of the Bible in a work deTestament had always been a single down to the commencement of the signed to fool the Biblereading book, written without error by the reign of Zedekiah;..."(3) "And public. Still worse, the language is,

very finger of God. A hundred also a record of the Jews from the without any attempt at disguise,

years later, in the heyday of higher beginning,..."including a genethat of the King James version.

criticism, it had become a thing of alogy of the whole line of Joseph, If the author of the Book of Morshreds and patches; but in our own embracing Lehi's own forefathers. mon were an impostor, his attempts

time the essential unity of the writ- (Ibid., 5:1114.) These writings to deceive are prodigiously artless.

ings is again being recognized, are designated in modern Jewish Isn't the Book of Mormon supposed though the broad picture of the terminology as the Tanach, i.e., the to be an original translation? Why

original state of the record is just Torah, the Prophets, and the Hisdoes it simply copy the King James?

beginning to take outline. The toric and other writings. For the very good reason, as we

picture that is beginning to emerge These are the elements of Nephi's have shown elsewhere, 20 that it is remarkably like that which conBible, and of ours, which, he ashas always been the practice for infronts us in the pages of the Book sures us, contains an authentic recspired prophets to quote early of Mormon, There Nephi, looking ord as far as it goes, and "many of scriptures not in some lost archaic far into the future, is shown a vision the prophecies of the holy prophversion but always in the Bible of the gentiles bringing "a book"ets,"but by no means all. As we language current with their hearers.

to the remote descendants of his have seen, Jewish scholars today When the Apostles, the Angel father in the New World and is emphatically insist that the early Gabriel, and the Lord himself quote told, "The book that thou beholdest Jews made no distinction between the ancient prophets in the New is a record of the Jews, which con- a canon and noncanonical writings, Testament, it is usually the text tains the covenants of the Lord, that is, the scriptures of Nephi's day of the Septuagint that they quote.

which he hath made unto the house did indeed embrace far more maWhy? Because that was the origiof Israel; and... also... many terial than is recognized as canoninal language of the prophets or

of the prophecies of the holy'prophcal today and included in our Old the angels? No, but because it was

ets;.. "(1 Nephi 13:23.) Testament. To make up for the the official scripture of the persons

&aJL7U$W(MM vofc&bII 4&CMUQJL tyfittMklMJUJ mwU

This is our Old Testament, but disturbing awareness of losses from being addressed. The Lord speaks

such a book was quite strange to the Old Testament, we have the to all people not in the language

Nephi, and the angel explains that comforting assurance of the Dead of heaven or protoHebraic or "... it is a record like unto the Sea Scrolls that our Old Testament Adamic, but "... after the manner

engravings which are upon the texts are older and more valuable of their language, that they might plates of brass, save there are not than anyone had heretofore dared come to understanding."(D&C

so many; nevertheless, they conhope, that, for example, "the text 1:24. Italics added.) The English

tain the covenants of the Lord... of Isaiah preserved in the Masora Book of Mormon when it quotes

unto the house of Israel; wherefore, (our Old Testament) was based on the Bible follows the English of the

they are of great worth unto the an extremely early textual type, King James version wherever posGentiles."(Idem. Italics added.) which is almost identical in our sible, because that happened to be

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the one official version of the scription is based. 21 Unfortunately both and it does. Here is how they comtures known to the people for the Dead Sea (Cave I) text of pare:

whom the Book of Mormon was Isaiah and the Septuagint text translated. In short, today, as in happen to be inferior articles, the Isaiah 48:1

ancient times, people are always former "rather an anticlimax"to preached to from their own Bible. the hopes of scholars, and the latter King James (Masoretic):

But the Book of Mormon follows "among the poorest [texts] in the Hear ye this, O house of Jacob, the language of the King James Greek Bible."22 which are called by the name of

Bible only as far as the latter conBut even if we do not find Israel, and are come forth out of veys the correct meaning of the the clearcut contrasts that so the waters of Judah, which swear original. So far is Nephi's translagratify the student who compares by the name of the Lord, and make

tion of Isaiah from being a slavish other books of the Old Testament mention of the God of Israel, but repetition of our Bible that there in the Qumran, Septuagint, and not in truth, nor in righteousness.

is hardly a single verse that is Masoretic versions, the case is far identical in the two translations! from hopeless, for we do find Septuagint:

Granting that Nephi was reading a significant variations when we comHear these things, house of Jacob, text of Isaiah barely a hundred pare chapters 48 and 49 of Isaiah who are called by the name of years old, one would naturally exin the King James (Masorete) Israel and who came forth out pect some discrepancies between Bible and the Septuagint. Again of Judah, who swear by the name of

it and the manuscripts available to we compare the red markings, and [the] Lord God of Israel, rememus. But how would they differ? again just four passages stand out, bering [him] neither in truth nor

Here a forger would be on dangerto wit, 48:1, 14, and 49:1, 13, the in justice.

ous ground indeed, and one apsame passages in which the Book proaches the Book of Mormon of Mormon conflicts with the King Book of Mormon:

demonstration with considerable James! Of course a very sly and Hearken and hear this, O house

interest. thorough operator even a hundred of Jacob, who are called by the

If we underline in red every years ago could discover the disname of Israel, and are come forth word in the Book of Mormon text crepancies, since both texts were out of the waters of Judah, or out of Isaiah 48 and 49 that is not available at that time, and exploit of the waters of baptism, who found in the King James Bible and them. But there was no exploitaswear by the name of the Lord, and

vice versa we get a surprising distion. Aside from the fact that such make mention of the God of Israel,

play of color, especially in the Book a clever person would not run the yet they swear not in truth nor in of Mormon. Most of the differences risk of competing with the Bible righteousness.

are quite minor ones, such as an in the first place, one must recogextra "nevertheless,""yea,""but,"nize that the coincidence was never Isaiah 48:14

"behold,"etc., but there are four pointed out or apparently even

passages that stand out spectacunoticed by anybody. Moreover, in King James:

larly in almost solid red. They are these four verses the Book of MorAll ye, assemble yourselves, and

facftSb QUMdju (dmaAm clo />fe0iiAi- f&AjbpW}

48:1, 14, and 49:1, 13. Now one of mon does not follow either the King hear; which among them hath dethe important results of recent Dead James or the Septuagint. This too clared these things? The Lord hath

Sea Scrolls investigations is the is significant, since both manuloved him: he will do his pleasure

recognition that the text of the scripts are far removed from the on Babylon, and his arm shall be on

Septuagint (the Greek translation original, 23 their disagreements showthe Chaldeans.

of the Old Testament done in the ing not what the original said, but third century BC opens the door only that in these particular verses Septuagint:

to very old and valuable texts of something is seriously wrong. 24 If And they shall all be gathered

the Old Testament that differ quite Nephi's version ( 1 Nephi 2021 ) is together and shall hear. Who anmarkedly from the Masoretic text correct, it should differ from both nounced these things to them? Lovon which our King James translathe King James and the Septuagint ( Continued on page 146

FEBRUARY 1365 103 Likewise, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, while believing the Bible "to be the word of God,"is committed to an acceptance of it only insofar "as it is translated correctly."(Eighth article of faith.)

These forthright statements by the Prophet were said at a time when most Christians (scholars excepted) considered the Bible so perfect and correct that any suggestion of change was regarded as blasphemy. Yet, in the past century it has

been the nonLDS students and scholars who have been the most active in searching and comparing the ancient manuscripts in an effort to determine what the original text really said.

Interest in revising and translating the Bible is continuing The at the present time with greater vigor than ever before. It

would seem that never have as many people been so anxious to know and so willing to receive a new translation of the

Bible as is currently being manifested by both Jewish and

Christian peoples. Inspired The task of determining the original meaning and fulness

of the text of the Bible is complicated by the fact that not one of the original documents is available. However, new

manuscript discoveries and continued language study are Ttgvision of bringingscholars'viewpointsadditional evidencesand interpretationsto light withare beingthe resultmodifiedthat almost daily. As a consequence, there are many versions and

revisions of the Bible available today, each differing somewhat from all of the others, according to the particular manuscript used and the viewpoint of the translator.

This intense activity and multiplication of versions

BY ROBERT J. MATTHEWS simply illustrates the spirit of the eighth article of faith, that

EDITOR, LDS DEPT. OF EDUCATION is: an entirely accurate and reliable translation of the Bible

is not available.

Joseph Smith the Prophet also made a Bible revision or,

The Prophet Joseph Smith explained the condition of as he termed it, a "new translation,"using a copy of the existing texts of the Bible when he said: "I believe the King James Version as a text. This "new translation,"

Bible as it read when it came from the pen of the original although not complete, contains thousands of variations writers. Ignorant translators, careless transcribers, or designfrom any other Bible known. The style is biblical, but the

ing and corrupt priests have committed many errors."{Teachtext presents much information not to be found in other

ings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, comp. Joseph Fielding versions.

Smith, p. 327.) Members of the Church are aware that the Prophet made

"From sundry revelations which had been received, it was this revision, but since it has had but scant use by them, that apparent points important the touching salvation many of Bible, taken been men, had or lost before from the it was its content and value are only slightly appreciated. Yet, a

knowledge of Joseph Smith's labors with the Bible is quite compiled."(Ibid., pp. 9-11.)

desirable, for one cannot intelligently discuss the eighth article of faith without it.

This series of articles concerning the Inspired Revision deals with some of Joseph Smith's great contributions toward understanding and interpreting the Bible, and it attempts teachinq to give appreciation for this particular phase of the

CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM Prophet's mission.

ARTICLES

OF FAITH 8. ccWe believe theBible to be the word of

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PART ONE: THE MAKING OF THE again much of the knowledge that had been "taken

INSPIRED REVISION out"Evidentlyof the Jewishthe Prophetrecord.did(Seenot ibid.,take 13:3940.)it upon himself

to attempt a revision or correction of the Bible but

Why Joseph Smith made the revision. The Prophet declared that he was appointed and assigned by the

learned from Moroni's first visit (Joseph Smith Lord to do the work. It was noted above that Sidney

2:3639) and from the Book of Mormon (1 Nephi Rigdon was counseled by revelation to assist in this

13:2132; Mormon 8:33) that there were errors undertaking.

and omissions in the Bible. As early as 1829 he knew The work was started with the Old Testament, but

that at least part of the missing scripture would be on March 7, 1831, Joseph was instructed by the Lord restored and errors corrected. (1 Nephi 13:3240; to devote his efforts to the translation of the New

D&C 6:2627; 8:11; 9:1-2.) Testament:

In June 1830 the "Visions of Moses"were revealed "And now, behold, I say unto you, it shall not be to Joseph Smith. From this revelation he learned that, given unto you to know any further concerning this

although some of Moses'writings—as found in the chapter, until the New Testament be translated, and in

Bible—had been altered, they would be restored to it all these things shall be made known;

their original sense. (See Moses 1:4041.) "Wherefore, I give unto you that ye may now transIn December 1830 Sidney Rigdon came to the late it, that ye may be prepared for the things to come."

Prophet, desiring to learn of the Lord's will concern- (D&C 45:6061. Italics added.)

ing his calling and activities in the Church. Joseph Obedient to this injunction, the Prophet and Sidinquired of the Lord for him and received the folney labored with the translation of the New Testalowing: "... a commandment I give unto thee [Sidney] ment; and almost a year later, while working with

—that thou shalt write for him [Joseph]; and the the Gospel of John, they were given an extraordinary

scriptures shall be given, even as they are in mine own vision of conditions in and after the resurrection of the bosom, to the salvation of mine own elect."(D&C dead. A comment made by these two brethren in

35:20.) connection with this vision is highly instructive in

A few weeks later further information was given relation to their reason for attempting to make a Bible to the Prophet concerning the scriptures translation. Said they: "For while we were doing the

"Thou shalt ask, and my scriptures shall be given work of translation, which the Lord had appointed as I have appointed, and they shall be preserved in unto us, we came to the twentyninth verse of the fifth safety; chapter of John...."(Ibid., 76:15. Italics added.)

"And it is expedient that thou shouldest hold thy Thus the reason is clearly stated in the language of peace concerning them, and not teach them until ye revelation.

have received them in full."(Ibid., 42:5657.) It was in this light that Elder Orson Pratt accepted

It is to be noted that these allusions to new and the Prophet's work with the text of the Bible. In disadditional scripture were given after the Book of coursing upon the subject of Bibles in general, Elder

Mormon was published and therefore had reference Pratt stated that the Lord commanded Joseph Smith to something in addition to that volume. The Book to make a new translation of the Old and New Testaof Mormon speaks of itself as helping to restore many ments. He likewise declared that it was an "inspired

of the "plain and precious things"that had been translation."(Journal of Discourses 15, 247, 263; 1,

taken out of the "records of the twelve apostles of 5657.)

the Lamb"(see 1 Nephi 13:3438), but it also speaks Such statements as these by the Prophet and by

of "other books"that also would assist in bringing Elder Pratt give evidence (Continued on page 156)

it is translated correctly; we alsoGodas faras

FEBRUARY 196S lOS TALKS GIVEN AT THE DEDICATION OF THE OAKLAND TEMPLE

"IN THE PROCESS OF TIME..."PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Brethren and sisters, this is a holy Temple of the Lord,"literally has ple, and Elder A. B. Graham—were

hour, and I appreciate the opporbeen fulfilled. We are grateful that moved upon by the Spirit to select

tunity to meet with you in this Elder George Albert Smith, then a this site. We are grateful that albeautiful new temple. member of the Twelve, when visitthough two other sites were offered

Before bidding you welcome, I ing in San Francisco, while looking free to the committee, their desire feel impressed to express a few eastward from his hotel room, ento obtain this particular spot never words of gratitude and appreciavisioned a temple would one day left them, even though at the time tion—first, gratitude to our Heavsurmount the East Bay hills—one this property was not for sale.

enly Father that the prophecy conthat would be visible as a beacon to However, in 1941 came the war tained in an epistle that President ships as they entered the Golden with Japan, and Brother Graham,

Brigham Young and Dr. Willard Gate from the farflung nations who was a realtor, reported to the

Richards had written to the faints of the earth. committee that because of the war,

in California who had tcome around Ten years later, in 1934, we are the owner of the site they desired

Cape Horn under the presidency of grateful that a committee of three above all else was unable to carry

Samuel Brannan, that'in the process men—Elder Eugene Hilton, chairforward his plans for a subdivision

of time, the shores df the Pacific man, and Elder Delbert F. Wright, and had offered to sell to him the

may yet be overlooked from the who is now president of this tementire fourteen and onehalf acres

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for $18,000. Brother Graham, who overlooked from the Temple of the One of the most appreciative

has long since gone to his eternal Lord"has been literally fulfilled. feelings I shall ever associate with

reward, was asked if he intended to Our hearts go out in gratitude this temple is the faith, the loyalty, buy the property for his own use, and thanksgiving, first to those and the devotion of the people of and he replied, "I want the Church three men who were appointed in this district in their voluntary conto have the first chance, but we the beginning to locate.ji site for a tributions. We wish to express

shall liave to act fast."President temple, and secondly to these stake appreciation for all those who have

Hilton said, "We shall not wait for presidencies who were organized labored so earnestly, so conscienthe mails; I shall go directly to into the Oakland Temple Distiously to erect this edifice and to

Salt Lake City."trict and who by unanimous dehave it finished on time—the archiIn 1942, President Heber J. Grant cision selected President O. Leslie tects, the contractors, the workers,

appointed me to go to San FranStone, then of the OaklandBerke- who have labored long and faithcisco to look over the site. I was ley Stake, as chairman and Presifully to have the temple completed

thrilled with what I saw and redent David B. Haight of the Palo for dedication.

turned and recommended to him Alto Stake as vicechairman, with We welcome all who are present that the land now known as "TemPresident Carroll William Smith of at this session of the dedicatory ple Hill"be purchased. After some the Klamath Stake and President services. It is a memorable event,

difficulty in obtaining two addiDallas A. Tueller of the Fresno and everyone present this morning

tional acres which were absolutely Stake as members of the executive is favored by having the oppornecessary to provide the proper committee, and to all others who tunity of attending this opening entrance to the tract itself, and served with them in setting in mosession.

some other fringe areas, the Oaktion the plans for the building of land Temple site, consisting of 18.3 this great temple. We are grate- I welcome, also, an unseen, but

acres, was finally acquired. ful, also, for the devotion and I believe a real, audience, among

On January 23, 1961, I met with response of the people toward the whom are former Presidents and the stake presidencies of nineteen building of the temple. Children Apostles of the Church, headed by

stakes of the bay area, and the have given of their pennies and the Prophet Joseph, to whom was presidency of the Northern Caliwidows of their mites. In some revealed the essential ordinance of

fornia Mission, and announced that stakes, during the time that they baptism for those who have died the First Presidency and the Twelve were raising the money for the without having heard the gospel, were united in their decision that temple, the tithing increased ten President Young, President Tay- a temple should be built in this area percent over the previous year. lor, President Woodruff, President

on Temple Hill. The enthusiastic Brother O. Leslie Stone, chairman Snow, President Joseph F. Smith,

response and expressions of support of the Oakland Temple District, rePresident Grant, and President from these brethren impressed me ported in a letter dated February George Albert Smith. With those

deeply. 5, 1963, that "we have now raised distinguished leaders, we welcome

On Saturday, May 26, 1962, I in cash a sum slightly in excess of our departed loved ones whom we returned to Oakland and officially the $500,000 quota which was set cannot see, but whose presence we broke ground for the temple. as the local share toward the cost keenly feel.

On May 25, 1963, President of the Oakland Temple. These We extend gratitude to our

Joseph Fielding Smith laid the funds are now on deposit with the Father in heaven for all members cornerstone of this magnificent Presiding Bishopric's Office.... of the Church everywhere and

building. Before the temple is completed, we those outside of the Church who

And now, this day, the prophecy expect to be able to turn in subhave put forth effort to bring about that "in the process of time, the stantially more than the amount the consummation of this glorious shores of the Pacific may yet be allocated to us."house of the Lord.

APPRECIATION

BY DELBERT F. WRIGHT

PRESIDENT, OAKLAND TEMPLE

President McKay, Counselors in the grateful we are for your presence frustrations, our hearts are filled

First Presidency, members of the here this morning. After a number this morning.

Quorum of the Twelve, and all of months of preparation with their If one word could be expressed those associated with you. How usual problems and sometimes that could convey to you our inner -

FEBRUARY 1965 107 iV,

most feelings, I think it would be the word "appreciation."I remember as a young man in Ogden,

Superintendent of Schools John M.

Mills once said, "True wisdom is to know how to act, but above all to appreciate."So we are extremely

grateful for all those who have had a part in this wonderful building—

the erection of it, the inspiration that conceived it, the creative genius that developed the plans, As the old proverb reads: "There music in it. I'm going to read one

and the many skilled hands that is none so blind as they that won't little piece. This was written by

erected this house of the Lord. see."(Swift, Polite Conversation.) Virginia Brown of the Oakland

With the completion of this We had one fine Protestant minisWard.

ter in this community who has dimensionbuilding, a new advised A Temple is Built his not to go to the Mormon people moral the and spiritualcome into lives of the people in this area. I temple, for it was simply a proselyt- "A Temple does not rise alone;

know because I have talked to ing gimmick: "They'll get your Human hands must lay the stone.

many of them. I find them, having names, and then they'll send misHuman hands must touch the soil,

visited this house in great numbers, sionaries."But after the first week, And labor with unceasing toil.

over 345,000 of them, asking me his congregation found that he had Gradually the stones rise high and others something about salvamisled them a little, and he then And golden spires reach toward the tion. What is it? And for the first found it necessary to give a sermon sky.

time in many of their lives they on the subject, "How Do We Meet The workers finally stand aside have begun to think about it. They the Mormon Challenge."And gaze upon their work with

were given some basic facts as they Because of our understanding of: pride.

came to see this beautiful edifice, the great purposes of God and of What once mere rock and stone and many of them were obviously the fact that men will inherit what concealed, deeply impressed. they earn, we have been accused A place of beauty stands revealed.

I wish I could tell you of the of saying that no one will be saved The stones are laid, the work is many letters we have had, the many except the Mormons. And these done.

phone calls. Many people as they visitors have found it now to be Within, God's work has just begun."

left the building would try to exquite a different story as they look press themselves and would choke into it and readthe pamphlets we And then another was written by up and couldn't do it. And I mean have sent them. We know that two fine women, one the wife of

many not of our faith, because I those who live according to the law one of our wonderful workers who suppose by far the majority of those will know that God lives and that had a great part in the interior work who came were not of our faith. this is truth. It is those who are of the temple, Sister Phelps, who

And I think many for the first time weak in the faith who fail to keep died just over a week ago. Here is

began to get the understanding of the commandments. One must be what she thought about her huswhat Paul meant when he told the free of sin to have a real, burning band's work:

Corinthian Saints, "There are also testimony, and this is what the celestial bodies, and bodies terresnew dimension begins to let these "From far and wide the builders trial: but the glory of the celestial people glimpse. came,

is one, and the glory of the terresWe feel to thank with all our Not seeking personal acclaim, trial is another. hearts those who have made this But rather with an inner flame,

"There is one glory of the sun, possible. I'm thinking of these fine To build so all who see proclaim

and another of the moon, and anpeople on the building committee, A fitting house of God.

other glory of the stars: for one star whom I have come to love. I'm The very finest craftsmanship,

differeth from another star in glory. thinking of all those of you who A sense of real stewardship,

"So also is the resurrection of the have given us help and counsel. The dedicated leadership

dead."(1 Cor. 15:4042.) Sometimes maybe we haven't Joined hands in true companionship

The world thinks it's cute to sin shown we appreciated it enough, To build this house of God."

a little, for after all, they reason, but we have felt it deeply. I'm

we may receive a few stripes, and thinking of the fine sisters in these As individuals we aren't so imthen we are all equal. They've stakes who have contributed so portant; the work to be done here

rather cynically criticized our conmuch in many ways during the is of vital importance. We pray that

ception of the need for virtuous public viewing when we had to we may do it properly, that our conduct and disciplining of man clean up every night. They would workers will have the spirit of

that we might achieve and do come here in great numbers and Elijah and learn to do their work something beyond attaining the offer their services to help us. And properly, that you will support us,

mediocrity that the world seems to the men, too, accompanied them. and that our Heavenly Father will

think lies in store for God's great I think of the sisters who developed bless us in this effort, I humbly creation, man. a little booklet with poetry and pray in the name of Jesus. Amen.

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE OAKLAND TEMPLE IN THE MAKING O. LESLIE STONE

CHAIRMAN, OAKLAND TEMPLE DISTRICT

President McKay has indicated an interstake center. But the week that day when we might expect a

that I should say a few words to the interstake center was opened, temple to be built. I think he was

you at this time, and I humbly pray the freeway was opened right by ready for that question because he for an interest in your faith and our property. And as it now stands, didn't answer; he just smiled,

prayers that I may be inspired to when the freeway, which is under chuckled a little bit, and that was } say something that will be beneficial construction, is finished between all that was said at that time.

on this occasion. I am indeed gratehere and Hayward, all of our peo- I didn't have the courage to

ful to President Eugene Hilton, who ple from Hayward, San Lorenzo, bring it up again until after the headed the three that President San Leandro, Walnut Creek, Conservices, which incidentally 7,000

McKay has told you about. He is cord, and OaklandBerkeley can attended. On the way back to the

here with us this morning. He celecome to the stake center in fifteen airport, I said, "President McKay,

brated his 75th birthday last week, minutes. Isn't it wonderful! If we did you realize that we have 75,000

but it was through his vision and had built the city around the center, i members of the Church in what his tenacity that we have this acquired it when Oakland was would be the Oakland Temple beautiful site and this fine building. first started, and then gradually District?"

President Delbert F. Wright was built the city in the area, we And he said, "No, President

a member of the three as was Presicouldn't have done a better job. Stone, I didn't realize that."He

dent W. Glenn Harmon, who is We are sure that our Heavenly said, "I had thought that there was

unable to be with us this morning. Father has been instrumental in all one other place we should build a

You know, I think I should tell of this. temple before Oakland, but now

you something about Eugene HilPresident McKay told you what this matter must be reconsidered."

ton. I believe he is the most sucwe paid for the first not quite I heard nothing further until in

cessful man I have met, but not fifteen acres; I can tell you what December, and on about the ninein worldly goods. He's raised seven we paid for the last quarter of teenth of December that year,

sons and one daughter. They all an acre, which was $25,000. Six President McKay called me from

have a college education. They've purchases were made. We thought Salt Lake and said, "President

all been married in the temple. at one time we might lose the Stone, I have just come from meetThey've all fulfilled missions in the property. The school board wanted ing with the Presidency and the

Church, and they're all active memto take it for a school site. We Quorum of the Twelve, and it has

bers of the Church today. What a called President Richards on the been decided to proceed with the

glorious future this man has built phone and explained it to him, and construction of the Oakland Temwith his good wife in the celestial he said, "Brethren, don't worry ple."He said, "I wanted you to be

kingdom. about it; the Lord wants that for a the first to know about it."How

The erection of this temple is a temple site."Within fortyeight thoughtful of him!

dream that we have been dreamhours they came to us and told us That was the finest Christmas I ing in this area for over thirty years. that they were no longer interested think we've ever had, with the news

"After this site was purchased, in the property for a school site. that we were going to build a

Berkeley Stake was trying to find a In January 1959 President Richtemple. Then he came in January

site for a stake center, Oakland ards came and met with us in our and met with all the nineteen stake

Stake was likewise trying to find a interstake center, and we held a presidencies and the president of site, and President Stephen L Richthanksgiving service. We didn't the Northern California Mission.

ards was sent here by the First have the building paid for. Over The committee was organized.

Presidency to check into the matter. 5,000 were in attendance at that We asked President McKay that

He spent two or three days looking meeting. Then, on September 25, day what he thougjit we should

over the entire area, and finally he 1960, President McKay came to raise as our local share of the cost called the brethren together and dedicate the building. I remember of the temple. After thinking about

said, "Brethren, the place we should meeting him in San Francisco. it he said, "I think maybe you

have a site is right here on the Sister Stone and I went over to should raise whatever you feel is temple grounds, and we should meet him. His plane was late. We right."

build a multistake center that will phoned and asked them to go ahead We thought perhaps that wasn't serve many stakes."with the meeting in the interstake quite definite enough, so we

At that time we didn't have any center. On the way back I couldn't pressed him, "Could you name a

roads into this area, and some of resist asking President McKay if figure, President McKay?"

us wondered about the location for he could give us some indication of He said, "Well, maybe. $400,-

FEBRUARY!'965 109

000.00 would be fair and equitable."from Seattle to Fresno on the south temple. During that time we sold

And the stake presidents all had a and Reno on the east. 100,000 copies of the special issue

brief caucus. We've been grateful for our assoof The Improvement Era dealing

We came back into the room, and ciation with President Hugh B. with the temples in the Church.

we said, "President McKay, we Brown, Elder Howard W. Hunter, Fortythree hundred copies of the

don't think you've asked us for and Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, Book of Mormon were purchased.

enough; we want to raise you who were assigned by the First Some of them were purchased by

$100,000. We'll guarantee to raise Presidency to work with us on matCatholic nuns who visited the

not less than $500,000."I'm happy ters pertaining to the public preview temple. We sold two thousand

to report to you this morning we and preparation for the dedicatory copies of the Mormon Story, and have collected and sent in and have services. These brethren have over 400,000 tracts were distributed.

on deposit with the Presiding Bishvisited us often and rendered coun- I checked many times with the opric over $625,000 that the Saints sel and advice that have been most people who were at the head of in this area have contributed, and valuable to us in making our plans. the line and asked them how long

money is still coming in. So we I would feel that I was remiss this they had been waiting. An hour

expect more before everyone has morning if I didn't express our and a half to two and a half hours fulfilled his obligations and taken great appreciation to the architect, the crowd had been waiting to get advantage of the opportunity of Brother Harold W. Burton, who is up to the line where they could

contributing to this structure. here with us this morning. It is start the tour of the temple, and

President Paul E. Warnick, who through his vision, his wonderful yet they were orderly and happy.

was executive secretary of our Oakability, and his tenacity that we We had beautiful Salt Lake Taberland committee, was the chairman have the most beautiful site in all nacle Choir music playing on the of the finance committee. He is the world. He's lived with it from grounds, and the people seemed to

with us this morning, and much of the start; he held out for only the enjoy just being on the temple

the credit for the success of our best when some of the rest of us grounds.

financial drive goes to President wanted to settle for a little less, and Now we give appreciation to the

Warnick. I will always be thankful to him. I First Presidency—to all the General

Our people responded wonderlove him, he is a man who has Authorities—for approving everyfully. The San Jose Stake raised all worked diligently, and we do exthing that we asked for to beautify

the money in one day. They sent press appreciation to him. And to the temple and the grounds.

the priesthood out, and they raised Brother Arthur Price, who came out Irving Stone said, "Give me men either the money or the pledges in and represented the building comto match these mountains."And if

just one day. And then the Gridley mittee, we love him. He's here this you pardon it, another Stone now

Stake was the first to go over the morning. He says he's not quite as says, "Give us members to match

top; they have gone substantially old as President McKay; he's three the beauty and sturdiness of these

over the top in their allocation. months younger. He was from the buildings and the grounds."

President Joseph Fielding Smith bottom to the top of this temple The eyes of the public are on us.

visited us on May 25, 1962, accomevery day during the time it was We've created a wonderful image panied by Elder Richard L. Evans being constructed to inspect everyduring this public preview. Much

for the laying of the cornerstone. thing that went into this building. is expected of us. People are now

Again it was a glorious meeting. And then to our builders. Brother looking at us to see whether we

Our people turned out in great Jack Wheatley represented the conare living the gospel as we preach numbers. This morning, as you tractors on this job, and he was it. It's a great opportunity for every

know, this service is being broadoutstanding. He's a loyal, faithful one of us to carry out President

cast to our interstake center and Latterday Saint with a strong McKay's wishes, "Every member a ward buildings. We believe, with testimony of the gospel. And he has missionary,"first by living the gosthose who are in the temple this two fine assistants, Brother Bob pel and second by sharing it with

morning and those who are in the Loder, Brother Chick Faulkner, others.

interstake center, that we have bewho I am sure are in some of these I feel sure the Lord is pleased tween five and six thousand people buildings today. with this beautiful temple. You will

present at this service. I believe it You know we found ourselves recall he told Moses, "For behold,

is the first time in the history of rolling out the grass at 2 am on the this is my work and my glory—to

the Church that the dedication of morning we opened for the public bring to pass the immortality and a temple has been televised to preview, so you can tell what a eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.)

adjacent buildings. tight schedule we had. We weren't In building this temple I feel we

In June of this year with the completely ready, but we were are helping our Heavenly Father approval of the First Presidency, we presentable, and the people started to fulfil this scripture. However,

were permitted to invite thirteen to line up. We had thousands come let us not forget it is more difficult

additional stakes in the Northwest each day. One day we had twentyto make proper use of the temple

to come into our temple district, four thousand. During the entire and other church buildings than it

from Willamette on the south to month we had in excess of 347,000 is to build them. Our next step is

Seattle on the north, so that we now visitors. President Wright mento fulfil our responsibilities in doing

have forty stakes of Zion in the tioned they were reverent on the our genealogy work and our ordintemple district and an estimated property. No incidents happened ance work in the temple.

185,000 members. The territory is that were unfavorable to the We're thrilled with the appointno THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

merit of President Wright. He's Today as I contemplate the many heart; and lean not unto thine own

loved by all the people in this area. blessings that have been given us, understanding.

He has been a stake president for I recall the words of King Benja- "In all thy ways acknowledge many years and was a counselor in min in the Book of Mormon who, him, and he shall direct thy paths."

the stake presidency previous to after enumerating the blessings (PrOv. 3:5-6.)

that before he was called to Minnewhich had been poured down upon How many of us on judgment sota by his company. I had a diffihis people by the Lord, said this, day would like to be told that we

cult time in attempting to fill his "And behold, all that he requires failed to do our part* that we failed shoes in the stake presidency; We're df you is to keep his commandto do our genealogy and our ordiglad he has returned to be temple ments;..."(Mosiah 2:22.) nance work in the temple, that we

president. Yes, the only thing the Lord rehave been unworthy servants of

Now, in doing the genealogy quires of us is to keep his comthe Lord because oxir own lives work it will be a real test of our mandments. This sounds relatively have been poor examples.

willingness to carry out the wishes simple, doesn't it? But it isn't. We In Matthew the Lord has given

of our Heavenly Father. Giving of all know that it isn't simple, nor us a very important message: "Let

ourselves, our time, is more diffiwas it intended to be. Where much your light so shine before men, that

cult than giving money. We are is given much is required, and they may see your good works, and

privileged through the gift of free the Lord requires of those who glorify your Father which is in agency from our Heavenly Father dwell with him the ability to overheaven."(Matt. 5:16,)

in bringing to pass the immortality come weaknesses and imperfections. In 1 Corinthians we read, "Eye

and eternal life of man. The Lord He requires selfdenial and selfhath not seen, nor ear heard, neiwill force no one. He has left the discipline. No, it isn't simple, but ther have entered into the heart of

decision to us whether we follow the Lord has given us certain sugman, the things which God hath good or evil. In Abraham we read: gestions, instructjdns and comprepared for them that love him."

"And we will prove them heremandments to help us accomplish (1 Cor. 2:9.)

with, to see if they will do all things our goal. And in Matthew, again we find

whatsoever the Lord their God Some of us may feel from time to this statement, "Not every one that shall command them; time that some of these commandsaith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall

"And they who keep their first ments are an impediment, to happienter into the kingdom of heaven;

estate shall be added upon; and ness in this life, but this isn't so. but he that doeth the will of my

they who keep not their first estate Deep down in our hearts we know Father which is in heaven."( Matt.

shall not have glory in the same that as long as we adhere to these 7:21.)

kingdom with those who keep their commandments, just as surely as And finally, there is the great first estate; and they who keep night follows day, we will reap the promise given to us by our Savior,

their second estate shall have glory blessings that are promised to the "And, if you keep my commandadded upon their heads for ever faithful. The Lord has told us that ments and endure to the end you

and ever."(Abraham 3:2526.) he is bound when we do what he shall have eternal life, which gift

The Lord has provided us with says, but when we do not what he is the greatest of all the gifts of this beautiful plan of salvation for says, we have no promise. (See God."(D&C 14:7.)

all his children, and we as Latter- D&C 82:10.) Sometimes the way May we be diligent in taking care

day Saints are blessed with the of fulfilment may not be a path of and making proper use of these knowledge of this plan. We know to uSj but the actuality of it is beautiful buildings that are ours.

to earth to obtain a assured. comethat we May we keep the commandments experiences, to gainbody, and to In Proverbs we find a favorite

see if we can remain true and scripture of Elder Harold B. Lee. of the Lord and thus be eligible

faithful to our Heavenly Father and I have heard him repeat it on to secure his blessings in this life be sufficiently diligent and obedinumerous occasions, and it has beand gain exaltation in the celestial ent to his commandments to be come a favorite of mine. kingdom is my humble prayer, in

worthy to return to his presence. "Trust in the Lord with all thine the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

SAVIORS

ON MOUNT ZION BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

My beloved brethren and sisters, where the members of the Church Heavenly Father, but they will my heart has been touched. This who love the truth, who abide in it, come into this building to perform

is a solemn occasion. This is a house may come to worship—not only to a great labor: first, to themselves,

of the Lord, the holiest spot, a place pour out their own souls to our the benefit that will endure forever,

FEBRUARY I9S5 lit but likewise to perform labor for edge and understanding that they saviors in the temples of the Lord.

those who are honest and sincere had as we are. The Lord has not We must do the work for those who

who have gone beyond—those who forgotten them, and so in the Dishave gone on for these many years

were unfortunate when they lived pensation of the Fulness of Times, and who have been looking forupon the face of the earth when the we, their offspring, are blessed ward, no doubt, for the time to truth of the gospel and its ordiwith the great privilege of performcome when the light of truth and nances could not be found. Through ing the sacred ordinances in holy the ordinances of exaltation might

many generations of time men places for our fathers and our mothbe given unto them, although they walked in darkness, and Satan apers of the various generations when come to them by proxy.

parently had the upper hand; and spiritual darkness reigned upon the How grateful we ought to be for

yet upon the face of earth there face of the earth. The Lord has these temples of the Lord—holy

were many who were honest and not forgotten them, and many of places. No unclean thing should be

true and faithful to the best of their them are just as devout and sincere permitted to enter into this buildunderstanding. in what they did and the way they ing; and when we can move through

The light of the gospel was not lived as perhaps we are. the doors, we should come in the

here, and yetwe have ancestors, all Today we have a responsibility spirit of faith, humility, and deterof us, who were honest, sincere, placed upon us. We owe a debt to mination, not only to benefit ourworthy, who did the best they knew those who have gone on before. selves, but also to bless and present

in the age of spiritual darkness, led That debt we must pay. Therefore the blessings of exaltation to our

astray by Satan who found a place we shall be grateful unto our loved ones who have gone on bein the hearts of the children of men. Heavenly Father for the privileges fore. Brethren and sisters, make use

And the light of truth, the light of which are ours to come into a holy of your time. Come to this holy

the gospel of Jesus Christ, had gone place and vicariously do for them place, but come worthy to perform out. And so our fathers and our that which they could not do for the labors that are essential for

mothers in times past were forced themselves, that they might go on exaltation, not just for yourselves, to walk in spiritual darkness. The to the exaltation, to the fulness in but for those who have gone on

Lord has not forgotten them, and the kingdom of our Father. We before. They're waiting for us to

many of them are just as devout have a mission to perform that is act. I bless you in the name of the

and sincere with the little knowlgreat as saviors on Mount Zion, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

THE WAY OF THE LORD HASHENRY COMED. TAYLOR

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Brethren and sisters, I would like should be erected, regardless of the into the vast wilderness, across the to join the chorus in that beautiful financial condition of the people, plains, and into the Salt Lake Valsong they have just sung, "I Know they have responded to that call ley. Within just four days after the

That My Redeemer Lives,"for I, without hesitation; they have gone pioneers arrived in the valley, the

too, do know and bear witness that ahead and raised the money, and Prophet Brigham Young announced my Redeemer lives. the buildings have been conthat a temple was to be built to the

Temple dedications are solemn structed. Lord. He had seen the temple in

and thrilling occasions. This mornTemple building is an activity vision, and there was no question

ing our hearts were lifted—we were of the Church that has existed from in his mind as to what it would look

thrilled as President David O. the beginning of this dispensation. like.

McKay dedicated this house of the The Saints at Kirtland, then in the The Salt Lake Temple was comLord. depths of poverty, responded when menced in April 1853, less than

As President O. Leslie Stone was the word of the Lord came. Withsix years after the Saints arrived in

giving a report of the activities in out hesitation they built that the valley. There were many interconnection with raising money for temple. Later, after they were ruptions; the builders were slowed

the temple, the construction of this driven out of Kirtland to other parts by the crude tools they had to use, building, and other activities that of the country, when the word of the arrival of Johnston's Army, and have taken place, I thought, Well, the Lord came for a temple in the construction of the railroad, that's the way it has always been in Nauvoo, without hesitation they which employed many men. But

the Church from its very beginning. proceeded to build it. We know the they pursued the work as fast as

When the word of the Lord has story. they could with the means they

come that a house of worship Once again they were driven out had, and thirtynine years after con112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA struction commenced, the time said that bitterness and unforgiving house of the Lord that there may came for the laying of the capstone coolness still existed in the hearts be a feeling of love and kindness on the temple. This was done in of many. There had just concluded and charity, one toward another.

connection with the general conan intense eighteenmonth long If there is any place in the world ference of April 6, 1892. political campaign which had enwhere the warm feelings of reverThe laying of the capstone was a gendered much friction and hate. ence, love, and kindness should

great event for the Saints. On TemThe brethren mentioned this in exist, it should be here in the house

ple Square a speakers'stand was their epistle and said, "We feel now of the Lord.

erected, and the Saints assembled. that a time for reconciliation has I also would pray that you good

The account says forty thousand come; that before entering into the people in this area will come to the

members of the Church and their Temple to present ourselves before temple often and, as you come to friends assembled on Temple the Lord in solemn assembly, we work for your kindred dead, that

Square and the surrounding area, shall divest ourselves of every you will personalize the endowprobably the largest assemblage of harsh and unkind feeling against ment ceremony and recall to your people in the state. It was a woneach other,... minds the time when you received

derful occasion. On completion of "If there is a single member of your endowments and all the blessthe laying of the capstone, one of the Church who has feelings ings that were promised.

the Church Authorities made the against us, we do not wish to cross This temple has been built on a motion that the Saints should atthe threshold of the Temple until beautiful site. Here on the side of

tempt to complete the building and we have satisfied him and have a hill, it is visible from all over the have it ready for dedication one removed from him all cause of feelarea, from out at sea, as you cross year later. This seemed a treing, either by explanation or by the bay bridges, and as you come

mendous undertaking because there making proper amends and atonealong the freeway. Surely it is like

was much to be done and a conment;..."(James E. Talmage, The a city that is set on a hill that cansiderable amount of money to raise. House of the Lord, p. 157. ) They not be hid. (See Matt. 5:14.) I

The Church Authorities also felt it desired all officers of the Church think the same thing is true of us, wise to select a person to superinto follow their example. brethren and sisters. If we rememtend the construction. John R. Well, the results were wonderber the covenants we have made in

Winder, Second Counselor in the ful. Again, the account states this house and other houses of the

Presiding Bishopric, and who later that "Throughout the length and Lord that have been dedicated and served in the First Presidency, was breadth of Zion there was a general are true to those covenants, we too named general superintendent of cleansing of mind and soul; enmity may become beacons on a hill, for

construction. was buried; bickering ceased; difour lives cannot easily be hid.

The Saints responded willingly ferences between brethren were I am grateful to be here today.

to the challenge, and the year was adjusted; offenses were atoned and We are so grateful to have Presialmost up when the First Presiforgiven; a veritable jubilee was dent and Sister McKay. I am sure

dency sent out an epistle to the celebrated."(Ibid., p. 158.) The the President has been blessed.

Saints suggesting that they prebuilding was completed and on I bear witness, brethren and pare themselves for the dedication. April 6, 1893 was dedicated by sisters, that God lives, that the gosIn this letter they expressed their President Wilford Woodruff. pel is true. I am grateful to live in

gratitude for the devotion of the Brethren and sisters, I am con- a day and age of the world when people and suggested that if the fident that all who have come to the gospel has been restored and is theirpeople cleanse hearts, would earth the in its fulness and to the upon the temple and will comethey would be prepared. all The the blessings have that we come services for these dedication templeSaints'hearts filled should be with all to us, the that promises come

love and charity for one another; have prepared themselves in their through having temples. I bear this

they should be at peace with each hearts, because when we come to witness and pray for our Heavenly other and.with God. They warned the house of the Lord we should Father's blessings to be with us, in

that sin unrepented still casts its come with such a feeling. It would the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

odor about the sinner. They also be my prayer that as we enter the Amen.

"THE DAWNING OF A BRIGHTERGORDON B. HINCKLEY DAY"

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

My beloved brethren and sisters, lives, and I know that he, watching the Swiss Temple where there with you my heart has been over Israel, slumbers not nor sleeps, gathered the Saints from over Eutouched by the Spirit of the Lord Mine has been the privilege of rope, in London where came the this day. I know that my Redeemer participating in the dedication of people of the British Isles, in New

FEBRUARY 106S 113 Zealand where assembled the Saints for the first time shall come continue to come in the years that the Saints of the Pacific, and in to the Lord's house to receive their lie ahead.

Los Angeles where gathered thouendowments, to be sealed as fami- I talked to a stewardess on the sands from across this nation. I lies, and to do work for their dead, plane yesterday who said, "I have

have known the inspiration of these in their own language. been to your temple in Oakland,

marvelous occasions. I felt this Last night as we looked at this and I experienced a feeling there

morning that same inspiration and magnificent building, there came that I have never felt before. I want

also that we witnessed a miracle as to my mind the struggle of those to come and learn more."

the mantle of the prophet rested so who have gone before us. I thought

unmistakably upon him who has of the building of the Kirtland I want to say that this temple been ordained to lead us. I am Temple, when, as Mother Smith is not only a thing of beauty and

satisfied that our Father in heaven recorded, the brethren slept on a joy to those who see it. It is a

buoyed up and directed and inthe floor in old ragged quilts and living expression of a testimony spired our President, our leader, consecrated their time and their that God our Eternal Father lives, and our prophet. means to the construction of that the ruler of the universe; that Jesus

I was touched as the choir sang sacred house.; There also came to is the Christ, the Savior and Rethis morning that great hymn of the my mind, as we looked at this deemer of the world, the only name

restoration: magnificent building last night, given among men whereby we

"The morning breaks; the shadows these words from the prayer of must be saved; that Joseph Smith

flee, dedication uttered at the Kirtland was a prophet who was foreLo, Zion's standard is unfurled! Temple: ordained to this dispensation,

The dawning of a brighter day "Remember..., O Lord,... spoken to by God the Father and

Majestic rises on the world."that the kingdom, which thou hast the Resurrected Lord; that an angel

-Parley P. Pratt, Hymns, 269. set up without hands, may become has flown through the midst of

I believe these words with all my a great mountain and fill the whole heaven, having the everlasting gosheart. I believe that the dedication earth; pel to preach to them that dwell

of this sacred house bespeaks the "That thy church may come forth upon the earth and to every nation dawning of a brighter day upon the out of the wilderness of darkness, and kindred and tongue and people;

people of the world as well as upon and shine forth fair as the moon, that a veritable "cloud of wtinesses"those in the prison house. clear as the sun, and terrible as an has come to earth with keys and

Somehow this magnificent strucarmy with banners; authority—John the Baptist, Peter,

ture, which looks out across the "And be adorned as a bride for James, and John, Moses, Elias, and

Pacific toward the gentile nations that day when thou shalt unveil the Elijah; that life is eternal, that

of Asia, seems to indicate to me a heavens,... that thy glory may love is eternal, that the family may

brighter day for the people of fill the earth."(D&C 109:7274.) be eternal; that we are our Father's

those ancient lands. We are witnessing the day of the children to whom he has offered

I was in the Hawaii Temple fulfillment of that prayer. Three that which he would have us have

yesterday working on preparation hundred and fortyfive thousand for"our blessing, our happiness, our of the temple ceremony in the people have been through this salvation, and our exaltation. Of

Japanese language, and tomorrow sacred house prior to today. Think these things I testify before you this

I shall be in Japan to assist in the of the compliments, the reverent day in gratitude and appreciation anticipation of the day next sumcompliments, that have come and in the name of him whom we serve, mer when some of the Japanese the reverent compliments that will the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

THE

SECOND COMING PRESIDENT HUGH B. BROWN

FIRST COUNSELOR IN THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

This is a solemn, sacred, and monies may be performed pertainLord and, in common with other momentous hour, when we meet to ing to salvation and exaltation in similar structures, is a place where dedicate a holy sanctuary wherein the kingdom of God. the Lord may dwell ancl his Spirit

sacred ordinances, rites, and cereThis is verily the house of the may be manifested, where his mes114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sengers may confer the priesthood probation is the world of preparathe midst of his people. He it was

and keys and receive revelations for tion for joys eternal. This is the who in the presence of his disciples,

the Church. place where family organization is "... while they beheld,... was

Whenever the Lord has had a first formed for eternity, and where taken up; and a cloud received him

people on the earth, temples and the kindred sympathies, relationout of their sight, temple ordinances have been the ships and affections take root, "And while they looked stedcrowning feature of their worship. spring forth, shoot upward, bud, fastly toward heaven as he went up,

His people are always commanded blossom and bear fruit to ripen and behold, two men stood by them in to build temples for the glory, mature in eternal ages. white apparel;

honor, and endowment of the "Here, in the holy temples and "Which also said, Ye men of

Saints. They are usually eostiy and sanctuaries of our God, must the Galilee, why stand ye gazing up

elaborate, consistent with the abilieverlasting covenants be revealed, into heaven? this same Jesus, which

ties and the devotion of the people ratified, sealed, bound and recorded is taken up from you into heaven, who build them. in the holy records, and guarded shall so come in like manner as ye

Here and in succeeding dedicaand preserved in the archives of have seen him go into heaven."

tory services and later in ordinance God's Kingdom, by those who hold (Acts 1:9-11.)

sessions, we shall have the opporthe keys of eternal apostleship, who When we speak of the second tunity under the most favorable have power to bind on earth that coming of Christ, we refer to the physical and spiritual surroundings which shall be bound in heaven, same Personal Being who ministo reappraise our concepts, to reand to record on earth that which tered in mortality among men. His

examine the basis of our faith, and shall be recorded in the archives of second coming will be in power to rededicate our lives to the work heaven, in the Lamb's book of life."and great glory, with the hosts of

of establishing the kingdom of God. (Key to the Science of Theology, heaven attending. As Isaiah said:

Here we may ponder the meanpp. 159, 162. "And the glory of the Lord shall be

ing, purpose, and destiny of life The central figure in this forerevealed, and all flesh shall see it and endeavor progressively to bring ordained plan is the one who was together...."(Isa. 40:5.)

our lives into harmony with the chosen and ordained before the The prophets of the Old Testalaws of our existence, which are foundations of the earth were laid, ment and those of the Book of Morthe laws of God. Here we are rewho was with God in the beginmon who lived and wrote before

minded that this life is but prening, the Firstborn of all the spirit the birth of Christ left some exparative to continuing life—in a sons of God, he who was the chief plicit predictions concerning his

spiritual sense it is a prenatal existexecutive of the Father, by whom second advent. We find the Psalmence preparatory to birth into a all things were made—preeminent ist singing:

celestialized realm of eternally beabove all others stands the Savior "Our God shall come, and shall coming, unfolding, progressing into and Redeemer of mankind, even not keep silence: afire shall devour

something ever more about to be. Jesus Christ the Lord. before him, and it shall be very

Parley P. Pratt, an Apostle of this He was born in Bethlehem of the tempestuous around about him."

dispensation, wrote some profound virgin Mary, lived and ministered (Psalm 50:3.)

and inspiring thoughts on what he among men, bore witness of his Isaiah said, "Say to them that are called the science of life. He said: Father, called and ordained Twelve of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear

"The great science of life consists Apostles, laid the foundation for the not: behold, your God will come

in the knowledge of ourselves, the establishment of his Church, was with vengeance, even God with a laws of our existence, the relations crucified, and his body lay in the recompence; he will come and save

we sustain to each other, to things tomb three days. He appeared to you."(Isa. 35:4.

and beings around us, to our anhis disciples as a tangible, living Again Isaiah speaks: "Behold, the

cestry, to our posterity, to time,- to being of flesh and bones, which Lord God will come with strong eternity, to our Heavenly Father they attested by feeling of the hand, and his arm shall rule for and to the universe. To underprints in his hands and side, purhim: behold, his reward is with

stand these laws, and regulate our suant to his invitation to "... handle him, and his work before him."

actions by them, is the whole duty me, and see; for a spirit hath not (Ibid., 40:10.)

of intelligences. It should therefore flesh and bones, as ye see me have."As these conditions did not atcomprise our whole study. (Luke 24:39.) tend the coming of the Babe of

"This science comprises the founIn our Articles of Faith, we deBethlehem, their fulfilment must tain of wisdom, the wellsprings of clare our belief that Christ will be yet future, life, the boundless ocean of knowlcome again and reign personally The Prophet Enoch leaves a reedge, the infinitude of light, the upon the earth. The scriptures refer cord in the book of Moses which

truth, and love. It penetrates the to two different appearances of the is unequivocal:

depths, soars to the heights, and Lord among men. One came in the "And the Lord said unto Enoch:

circumscribes the broad expanse of Meridian of Time when he deAs I live, even so will I come in the eternity. scended below all things and last days, in the days of wickedness

"Its pursuit leads to exaltation, worked out the infinite, universal, and vengeance, to fulfil the oath glory, immortality and to an eterand eternal atonement. The other is which I have made unto you connity of life, light, purity and unity promised for the last days, when, cerning the children of Noah";

of fellowship with kindred spirits. having ascended above all things, (Moses 7:60.)

"... remember that this present he will return in glory to reign in In the 21st chapter of Luke,

FEBRUARY 1965 115 verses 7-20, 27 we read: the time that he should come in his things, the fulness of the gospel,

"And they asked him, saying, glory "(3Nephi26:3.) with the saving powers of the Holy

Master, but when shall these things In promising the three disciples Priesthood, was to be returned to be? and what sign will there be the desire of their hearts, which earth shortly before the great and

when these things shall come to was that they might be spared in dreadful day of the Lord, which pass? the flesh to continue the work of John beheld in his vision when he

"And he said, Take heed that ye the ministry, the Lord said, "... ye proclaimed the flying of another

be not deceived: for many shall shall live to behold all the doings angel and announced the hour of

come in my name, saying, I am of the Father unto the children of his judgment had come. (See Rev.

Christ; and the time draweth near: men, even until all things shall be 14:6-7.)

go ye not therefore after them. fulfilled according to the will of The Lord bore witness of this as

"But when ye shall hear of wars the Father, when I shall come in is recorded in the 133rd section of and commotions, be not terrified: my glory with the powers of the Doctrine and Covenants:

for these things must first come to heaven."(Ibid., 28:7.) "And now, verily saith the Lord,

pass; but the end is not by and by. Before the second coming, then, that these things might be known

"Then said he unto them, Nation certain signs and wonders are to among you, O inhabitants of the shall rise against nation, and kingtake place, and these, sometimes earth, I have sent forth mine angel dom against kingdom: known as the signs of the times, flying through the midst of heaven,

"And great earthquakes shall be will give those who worthily await having the everlasting gospel, who in divers places, and famines, and his coming some assurance of the hath appeared unto some and hath pestilences; and fearful sights and approximate time of his return. Let committed it unto man, who shall

great signs shall there be from us briefly examine some predicted appear unto many that dwell on heaven. events: the earth.

"But before all these, they shall No man knoweth the day nor the "And this gospel shall be lay their hands on you, and persehour of his return, not even the preached unto every nation, and cute you, delivering you up to the angels in heaven (see Matt. 24:36), kindred, and tongue, and people."

synagogues, and into prisons, being but the righteous will be able to (D&C 133:3637.)

brought before kings and rulers read the signs. We now have about 12,000 mesfor my name's sake. According to the scriptures, there sengers—many more to go. "And

"And it shall turn to you for a was to be a universal apostasy, the servants of God shall go forth, testimony. when false Christs and false teachsaying with a loud voice: Fear God

"Settle it therefore in your hearts, ers would attempt to deceive the and give glory to him, for the hour not to meditate before what ye shall unwary, and, if possible, the very of his judgment is come;

answer: elect. (See ibid., 24:24.) The "And worship him that made

"For I will give you a mouth and Apostle Paul, writing to the Thesheaven, and earth, and the sea, and wisdom, which all your adversaries salonians, said to them: "... for that the fountains of waters—

shall not be able to gainsay nor day shall not come, except there "Calling upon the name of the resist. come a falling away first, and that Lord day and night, saying: O that

"And ye shall be betrayed both man of sin be revealed, the son of thou wouldst rend the heavens, by parents, and brethren, and kinsperdition; that thou wouldst come down, that

folks, and friends; and some of you "Who opposeth and exalteth himthe mountains might flow down at

shall they cause to be put to death. self above all that is called God, thy presence."(Ibid., 133:3840.)

"And ye shall be hated of all men or that is worshipped; so that he as That the coming forth of the

for my name's sake. God sitteth in the temple of God, Book of Mormon was to be a part

"But there shall not an hair of shewing himself that he is God."of the restoration is evidenced by

your head perish. (2Thess.2:3-4.) the writings of Isaiah, Ezekiel, and

"In your patience possess ye your The scriptures also tell of the others, and also by Book of.Morsouls. restoration of all things in the last mon prophets to whom the Lord

"And when ye shall see Jerusalem days, which was referred to as the declared that the coming forth of compassed with armies, then know times of refreshing, when "... he this record to the descendants of

that the desolation thereof is nigh. shall send Jesus Christ, which bethe Nephites would be one of the

... And then shall they see the Son fore was preached unto you: great signs of the fulfilling of the

of man coming in a cloud with "Whom the heaven must receive covenant in the last days.

power and great glory."until the times of restitution of all The Lord said, "Behold, I will

And Matthew records him as saythings, which God hath spoken by send my messenger, and he shall ing, "And this gospel of the kingthe mouth of all his holy prophets prepare the way before me:

dom shall be preached in all the since the world began."(Acts 3:... even the messenger of the coveworld for a witness unto all nations; 2021. nant, whom ye delight in: behold,

and then shall the end come."This era of restoration was to be he shall come, saith the Lord of

(Matt. 24:14.) known as the Dispensation of the hosts.... the Lord, whom ye seek,

In the Book of Mormon the Savior Fulness of Times, in which the shall suddenly come to his temassured his followers that he would Lord would gather together in one ple,..."(See Mai. 3:1.)

come again, and according to the all things in Christ. (See Eph. When Elijah came to Joseph

record he explained many matters, 1:10.) Smith and Oliver Cowdery on the

"... even from the beginning until As part of the restoration of all 3rd of April, 1836, in the Kirtland

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Temple, in fulfilment of this promthief in the night, and he admondispensation was the establishment ise, that ancient prophet concluded ishes, "Watch therefore, for ye of the Church on its latterday perthe bestowal of the keys of the know neither the day nor the hour manent foundation. The powers

sealing power with this assurance, wherein the Son of man cometh."and authority committed to the

"... by this ye may know that the (Ibid., 25:13.) Church are the keys of the kingdom

great and dreadful day of the Lord We note from ancient and modas is evidenced by the following is near, even at the doors."(D&C ern prophets he is to come in a revelation: "The keys of the king110:16.) literal sense and manifest himself dom of God are committed unto

Many revelations summarize the in person in the last days. man on the earth, and from thence

signs to be noted before the coming Daniel interpreted the dream of shall the gospel roll forth unto the of the Master. There will be wars, Nebuchadnezzar and spoke of many ends of the earth, as the stone

commotions, calamities, plagues, kingdoms and divisions of kingwhich is cut out of the mountain pestilence, famine, and disease such doms that were to be established, without hands shall roll forth, until as have not been known before, and then he added, "And in the it has filled the whole earth....

wars, carnage, bloodshed, and desdays of these kings shall the God "Call upon the Lord, that his olation which will overshadow anyof heaven set up a kingdom, which kingdom may go forth upon the thing of past ages. shall never be destroyed: and the earth, that the inhabitants thereof

Frequent visits to the temple will kingdom shall not be left to other may receive it, and be prepared for encourage us to watch and be people, but it shall break in pieces the days to come, in the which the ready for his coming as the day and and consume all these kingdoms, Son of Man shall come down in hour are not known to anyone, but and it shall stand forever."(Dan, heaven, clothed in the brightness

they who do watch and prepare for 2:44.) And emphasizing the extent of his glory, to meet the kingdom

that day will be able to read the of the kingdom, he declared, "And of God which is set up on the earth.

signs of the times and approximate the kingdom and dominion, and "Wherefore, may the kingdom of the time of the second coming. All greatness of the kingdom under the God go forth, that the kingdom of

we certainly know is that it is 133 whole heaven, shall be given to the heaven may come, that thou, O years nearer than when these revepeople of the saints of the most God, mayest be glorified in heaven lations were given. High, whose kingdom is an everso on earth, that thine enemies may

To the wicked, the second comlasting kingdom, and all dominions be subdued; for thine is the honor,

ing will be a great and dreadful shall serve and obey him."(Ibid., power and glory, forever and ever.

day, a day of sorrow and desola- 7:27.) Amen."(D&C 65:2, 5-6.)

tion, of burning and vengeance and When the angels announced the Hence we pray, "Thy kingdom judgment. birth of the Savior, they said, "He come."(Matt. 6:10.)

For the presence of the Lord shall reign over the house of Jacob The question is often asked, "Is shall be as the melting fire that for ever; and of his kingdom there the kingdom already set up on

burneth and as the fire which causshall be no end."( Luke 1:33. ) John earth or are we to wait for its

eth the waters to boil. on the Isle of Patmos saw the gloriestablishment until the advent of

But to the righteous who have ous consummation and the univerthe Christ, the King?"The kingdom

waited faithfully and kept his laws, sal recognition of the Eternal King, of God, as identical with the the second coming will be a day and he said, "And the seventh angel Church, has been established. Its

devoutly to be desired, when insounded; and there were great history is that of the Church in

justice will cease and wickedness voices in heaven, saying, The kingthese last days, whose officers are be banished. doms of this world are become the divinely commissioned. Their power

The Lord will undoubtedly make kingdoms of our Lord, and of his is that of the Holy Priesthood; their

many successive appearances in Christ; and he shall reign for ever authority is spiritual. They make

various parts of the earth, and and ever."(Rev. 11:15.) no attempt, nor do they assert the

Malachi asks: "... who may abide And in our own time, he has said right, to assail, modify, or in any

the day of his coming? and who through the Prophet, "And also the way interfere with existing governshall stand when he appeareth?... Lord shall have power over his ments, far less to subdue nations or

(Mai. 3:2.) saints, and shall reign in their set up rival systems of control. The

While the precise time of his midst,"for in my own due time will kingdom of heaven, including the coming is not known, he warns us I come upon the earth in judgment, Church and comprising all nations';

to watch the developments of the when my people shall be redeemed will be set up with power and great work of God among nations and and shall reign with me on earth. glory when the triumphant King

note the rapid fulfilment of signifi- (See D&C 1:36.) comes with his heavenly hosts percant prophecies by which we may Now, in the holy scriptures we sonally to rule and reign on earth,

perceive the evidence of the apread frequently of the kingdom of which he redeemed at the sacrifice proaching event, but the hour and heaven and the kingdom of God. of his own life.

the day no man knoweth, neither In modern revelations the expresIn connection with scriptural the angels in heaven, nor shall they sions "kingdom of God"and "kingmention of Christ's reign on earth, know until he comes. (See Matt. dom of heaven"are sometimes used the duration of one thousand years

24:36.) His coming will be a surwith distinctive meanings and is frequently specified. While we

prise to those who have ignored sometimes interchangeably. The cannot regard this as indicating

his warnings and have failed to kingdom of God, however, has been a time limit to the kingdom's existwatch. To them he will come as a set up; its beginning in the present ence or a measure of the Savior's

FEBRUARY 19 65 117 administration and power, we are it is appointed to him to die at the and his final doom will speedily foljustified in the belief that the thouage of man. low, and with him will go to the

sand years immediately following "Wherefore, children shall grow punishment that is everlasting all the establishment of the kingdom up until they become old; old who are his. Then the earth will

are to be specifically characterized men shall die; but they shall not become a celestial kingdom, a fit

and shall be different from both sleep in the dust, but they shall abode for the glorified sons and preceding and succeeding times. be changed in the twinkling of an daughters of God.

The gathering of Israel and the eye."(D&C 63:4951.) "And there shall be silence in

establishment of an earthly kingAnd every corruptible thing, heaven for the space of half an dom are to be effected preparatory both of man or of the beasts of the hour; and immediately after shall

to his coming. His advent will be field, or of the fowls of the heavens the curtain of heaven be unfolded,

marked by a destruction of the or of the fish of the sea, that dwells as a scroll is unfolded after it is wicked and by the inauguration of upon all the face of the earth, shall rolled up, and the face of the Lord an era of peace. be consumed; shall be unveiled;

It is evident, then, that in speak- "And also that of element shall "And the saints that are upon the ing of the millennium we have to melt with fervent heat; and all earth, who are alive, shall be quickconsider a definite period, with things shall become new, that my ened and be caught up to meet him.

important events marking its beknowledge and glory may dwell "And they who have slept in their ginning and its close, and conditions upon all the earth. graves shall come forth, for their

of unusual blessedness extending "And in that day the enmity of graves shall be opened; and they

throughout. It will be a sabbatical man, and the enmity of beasts, yea, also shall be caught up to meet him

era, a thousand years of peace; enthe enmity of all flesh, shall cease in the midst of the pillar of heaven—

mity between man and beast shall from before my face. "They are Christ's, the first fruits,

cease; the fierceness and venom "And in that day whatsoever any they who shall descend with him

of the brute creation shall be done man shall ask, it shall be given first, and they who are on the earth away; and love shall rule. The Lord unto him. and in their graves, who are first

said to Isaiah: "For, behold, I cre- "And in that day Satan shall not caught up to meet him, and all this

ate new heavens and a new earth: have power to tempt any man. by the voice of the sounding of

and the former shall not be remem- "And there shall be no sorrow bethe trump of the angel of God.

bered, nor come into mind.... cause there is no death. And after this another angel

"They shall not labour in vain, "In that day an infant shall not shall sound, which is the second nor bring forth for trouble; for they die until he is old; and his life shall trump; and then cometh the reare the seed of the blessed of the be as the age of a tree; demption of those who are Christ's

Lord,, and their offspring with "And when he dies he shall not at his coming; who have received

them.... sleep, that is to say in the earth, their part in that prison which is

"The wolf and the lamb shall but shall be changed in the twinprepared for them, that they might feed together, and the lion shall eat kling of an eye, and shall be caught receive the gospel, and be judged straw like the bullock: and the dust up, and his rest shall be glorious."according to men in the flesh."

shall be the serpent's meat. They (Ibid., 101:2431.) (Ibid., 88:9599.)

shall not hurt nor destroy in all my During the millennium Satan's "Watch ye therefore, and pray holy mountain saith the Lord."power will be restrained, and men, always, that ye may be accounted

(Isa. 65:17,23,25.) relieved at least in some degree worthy to escape all these things

And in the 63rd section of the from temptation, will be zealous that shall come to pass, and to

Doctrine and Covenants, we read: in the service of the reigning Lord, stand before the Son of man."

"Yea, and blessed are the dead that Both mortal and immortal beings (Luke 21:36.)

die in the Lord, from henceforth, will tenant the earth, and commuAnd so from this lofty hill overwhen the Lord shall come, and old nion with heavenly powers will be looking great cities and from things shall pass away, and all common. During the millennium this holy sanctuary we renew the

things shall become new, they shall the Latterday Saints believe it warning that the second coming of rise from the dead and shall not die will be their privilege to continue Messiah is at hand. We call upon

after, and shall receive an inheritthe vicarious work for the dead, all men everywhere to prepare to ance before the Lord in the holy which constitutes so important a meet him and to enjoy the blessings city. part of the restored gospel. At that of the millennium. And in his words

"And he that liveth when the time facilities for direct communiwe say, "Peace I leave with you,

Lord shall come, and hath kept the cation with the heavens will enable my peace I give unto you: not as

faith, blessed is he; nevertheless, them to carry on their labor of love the world giveth, give I unto you.

without hindrance. Let not your heart be troubled,

When the thousand years have neither let it be afraid."(Tohn 14:

The gospel was revealed for the passed, Satan will again be permit27.)

benefit of the world; it is in the ted to assert his power, and those I pray that the Lord will bless

interests of humanity; and it is to who are not then numbered among and inspire all members of this

be proclaimed to every nation, the pure in heart will yield to his temple district and all of us to be kindred, people, and tongue, by influence, but the liberty thus retrue to ourselves and to him and to men commissioned of God to do so. covered by the prince of the power prepare for his second coming, in

—President John Taylor of the air will be of short duration, the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE HOUSE OF THE MARIONLORDG. ROMNEY

OF THE COUNCIL. OF THE TWELVE

President McKay, President ladder set up on the earth, and ture, a building, erected and

Brown, President Tanner, President the top of it reached to heaven: and dedicated to the Lord as his house.

Smith, and my beloved brothers and behold the angels of God ascending The purpose of a temple is twosisters all. I'm very grateful to be and descending on it. fold: (1) to serve as a dwelling

here this morning, honored to be "And, behold, the Lord stood place on earth for the Lord, and asked to say a few words. These two above it, and said, I am the Lord (2) to provide a place in which the

great songs have thrilled me. I God of Abraham thy father, and ordinances of the priesthood can

don't know anything which better the God of Isaac: the land whereon be properly administered to the

typifies our place in the world, the thou liest, to thee will I give it, and Saints of God. In the Tabernacle

things we stand for, than, "... For to thy seed; built by Israel there was an addihe saw the living God"and "The "And thy seed shall be as the tional facility—a place for a general

Morning Breaks, the Shadows Flee."dust of the earth, and thou shalt assembly; but the dwelling place

I hope the Lord will let his Spirit spread abroad to the west, and to for the Lord, the Holy of Holies, accompany us while I speak. the east, and to the north, and to no man went into except t|ie high

I'm glad to be here in this house the south; and in thee and in thy priest of the Aaronic Priesthood.

because it is not an ordinary house; seed shall all the families of the He went there to attend the solemn

it is the Lord's house. We have earth be blessed.... ordinances of the Aaronic Priestbuilt many tabernacles for general "And Jacob awaked out of his hood. In the Holy of Holies was the

assemblies. We have built meetingsleep, and he said, Surely the Lord Ark of the Covenant, and on the

houses all over the earth in which is in this place; and I knew it not. Ark of the Covenant was the mercy

to worship, but this house is dif- "And he was afraid, and said, seat from above which the Lord ferent. This is a temple, which by How dreadful is this place! this himself gave instructions to the

definition means "the house of the is none other but the house of God, priest.

Lord."and this is the gate of heaven."David, the great king of Israel,

The Lord has not always had (Gen. 28:1114, 1617.) disturbed by the fact that the

for his temple or house an edifice You see, the place where Jacob Tabernacle was still serving as the like this. met the Lord was to him the house house of God, while he himself

of the Lord and the gate of heaven. dwelt in a great house built of

"The groves were God's first temple, To commemorate the event, cedars, had it in "... mind to build

Ere man learned Jacob "... took the stone he had an house unto the name of the Lord

To hue the shaft, and lay the archiput for his pillows, and set it up [his]... God:

trave, for a pillar, and poured oil upon "But the word of the Lord came

And spread the roof above them, the top of it. to [him].,. saying, Thou hast shed

Ere he framed the lofty vault, to "And he called the name of that blood abundantly, and hast made gather and roll back place Bethel:..."(Ibid., 28:18great wars: thou shalt not build

The sound of anthems; in the dark19.) Bethel is a contraction of the an house unto my name,..."(1

ling wood, word "BethElohim"which literally Chron. 22:7-8.)

Amidst the cool and silence, he is "the house of the Lord."David was, however, permitted

knelt down As he did to Jacob, so the Lord to gather materials which were

And offered to the Mightiest, solin the days of Israel's poverty apused by his son Solomon in buildemn thanks peared to and taught Moses in the ing the great temple which bore

And supplication."outof-doors, first in the burning his name. This temple served the

—William Cullen Bryant, "A Forest bush on Mount Horeb. Later, Sinai children of Israel for five hundred

Hymn."became a temporary sanctuary from years. Later, other temples were

Jacob, for one, found God in the which he taught Moses. Shortly built—the Temple of Zerubbabel,

outof-doors. As he journeyed to thereafter, however, the Lord infor exampje, and the Temple of

Haran to seek a wife among his structed the Israelites through Herod. The Savior himself honored

mother's people, "... he lighted Moses to build a "tabernacle of the the Temple of Herod even though

upon a certain place, and tarried congregation"to which he could it was built by an unworthy man, there all night, because the sun come and make his will known who did not build to the glory of was set; and he took of the stones unto them. From then until now, God, but in his own interest.

of that place, and put them for one of the peculiar practices of Herod's purpose was to placate the his pillows, and lay down in that God's people has been the building Jews over whom he ruled as an place to sleep. of temples. The word "temple"deappointee of the Roman Empire.

"And he dreamed, and behold a notes to a Latterday Saint a strucHowever, because the Jews used

FEBRUARY 1'968 119 to be in a most holy place. I remember that, as Moses approached

the burning bush, "... God called

unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses,.,.

"Draw not nigh hither: put off

thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground."(Exod. 3:4-5.)

The awful solemnity of being in the presence of the Lord has been further impressed upon my mind by a passage in the 121st section of the Doctrine and Covenants, written by the Prophet Joseph Smith while he was in Liberty Jail.

The passage to which I refer is the

Herod's Temple for the perforThe Kirtland Temple was not built one in which the Lord says, "... let

mance of Aaronic Priesthood ordifor the full endowment, but as a virtue garnish thy thoughts unnances, the Savior honored it. He place where the keys of the priestceasingly; then shall thy confidence

referred to it as his Father's house. hood were to be restored. On the wax strong in the presence of God;

When he saw the people using it as 3rd of April, 1836, the Sunday fol-..."(D&C 121:45.)

a place of merchandise, he rose up lowing the dedication, Jesus himself I have thought about this statein righteous anger and drove out appeared to the Prophet Joseph and ment, "... then shall thy confidence

the money changers. Oliver Cowdery as they knelt in wax strong in the presence of

With the exception of the temple prayer in the Kirtland Temple and God;..,"many times. I've tried

referred to in the Book of Mormon, accepted the temple and the labors to envision the time when I shall we have no record of a temple's of those who had built it. After this stand before him to be judged of

being built between the death of vision closed, Moses appeared and the deeds I have done in the flesh.

Jesus and the restoration of the committed unto them the keys of the I understand that when I do I shall gospel in these latter days. gathering of Israel and the restorahave a bright recollection of all my

The great significance of temtion of the ten tribes. Elias appeared iniquities and that they shall also be

ples is indicated by the fact that, and committed the dispensation of known by the Savior who will be before the restored Church was a the gospel of Abraham, "... Elijah my judge. I often wonder if I shall

year old, the Lord in the revelathe prophet, who was taken to have confidence then as I stand tions to the Prophet Joseph Smith heaven without tasting death, stood in his presence.

began to talk about temples to be before [them]... and said: God grant that we may be

built in this the Dispensation of the "Behold, the time has fully come, worthy to stand in his presence

Fulness of Times. which was spoken of by the mouth when we come here. To come unIn 1831 the Prophet Joseph Smith of Malachi—testifying that he [Eliworthily into this temple and reand other brethren went from Kirtjah] should be sent, before the ceive our endowments will not

land to Jackson County, Missouri, great and dreadful day of the Lord prove to be a blessing to us. Every

and dedicated the spot designated come—soul when he comes here should be

by the Lord as a temple site. Some- "To turn the hearts of the fathers at peace in his own heart; his feelday we will go back and build the to the children, and the children to ings should be at peace toward

temple there. the fathers, lest the whole earth be every other person in the world; he

You know how the early Saints smitten with a curse—should have no hard feelings tobuilt the temple in Kirtland and "Therefore, the keys of this disward anyone. There should be no

how they built the Nauvoo Temple. pensation are committed into your feelings of competition, no feelings

We have built, as President McKay hands; and by this ye may know of jealousy, nothing but the Spirit

said, fifteen temples in these latter that the great and dreadful day of of the Living God and love toward days—all houses of God, in which the Lord is near, even at the doors."our fellow men and toward each

the holy ordinances of the priest- (D&C 110:1316.) other, for here in his house we

hood are administered and places Since the time Elijah came and literally stand in the presence of from which the Lord teaches his restored the keys for the salvation the Lord. God grant that we may

people. of the dead, all our temples have do so worthily.

Not all temples have been probeen built to perform the highest I feel certain that the Lord will vided with facilities to administer ordinances of the Melchizedek accept this house, as he accepted the ordinances which will be adPriesthood. To this temple we will the Tabernacle in the wilderness,

ministered in this temple. Temples come and receive our ordinances the Temple of Solomon, the Kirthave been built to fit the need of and our blessings, blessings to be land Temple, the Salt Lake Temthe particular times in which they had only in the house of the Lord. ple, and other temples built by the

were built. In the olden days the I feel this morning that we are sacrifice of his people. That it may

ordinances of the Aaronic Priestin the presence of the Lord, and I be so, I humbly pray in the name hood were administered in them. know that to be in his presence is of Jesus Christ. Amen.

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PREPARING TO MEET THE LORDB. LEE HAROLD

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

I have sought desperately to put Lord, and doth fill his breast with through my mind, and I've made myself in tune with the Spirit that guilt, and pain, and anguish, which some notes on what the brethren should be here io a dedicatory seris like an unquenchable fire, whose have said. When a company of misvice. I have pondered about that flame ascendeth up forever and sionaries goes through the temple, if

which I know takes place in a ever. I'm available, I am assigned to

dedicated temple—in other words, "And now I say unto you, that meet with them and attempt to

what is the significance of a temmercy hath no claim on that man; answer their questions. One of the

ple? I have gloried in this review therefore his final doom is to most often asked questions is,

of the history of temples which endure a neverending torment.""Where did the Church get the

Elder Marion G. Romney has so (Mosiah 2:3639.) ordinances that are given us here

excellently presented to us. When I say I have sought to prein the house of the Lord?"I have

I listened as intently as I could pare myself for this occasion, I read to every company of missionwith my understanding to what the suppose I was thinking of the very aries what the Lord said in a

President has said, and it seemed thing that President McKay menrevelation: "... I deign to reveal

to me that he was repeating over tioned. How it must have imunto my church things which have

and over again that which the pressed all of those here with what been kept hid from before the prophets from the beginning have he said yesterday! He extended a foundation of the world, things that

said in their efforts to prepare their welcome not only to those of us pertain to the dispensation of the people to be worthy to receive the who are here visibly or visually fulness of times.

blessings of the Lord. present, but he also extended a "And I will show unto my ser-

I read from the Book of Mormon welcome to all of the former Presivant Joseph all things pertaining to from that great address of King dents of the Church and all the this house [he was talking of the

Benjamin wherein he said, "And former Apostles; and then the third temple], and the priesthood therenow, I say unto you, my brethren, welcome was a thing that struck of, and the place whereon it shall

that after ye have known and have right to the center of my soul: to be built."(D&C 124:4142.)

been taught all these things, if ye all those others of our loved ones It is no wonder to me that it should transgress and go contrary who are in the spirit world, he exwas shown to those whose right to that which has been spoken, that tended a welcome. I was certain it was to have such things given

ye do withdraw yourselves from that it would be so, that I would them, where this temple was to be, the Spirit of the Lord, that it may be close to those beyond our sight, as it has been related to us. It

have no place in you to guide you those whom we have loved most wasn't an accident. And the ordiin wisdom's paths that ye may be dearly, whose passing was like the nances to be performed herein came

blessed, prospered, and preserved—burying of a part of our own soul—by revelation. We have two classes

"I say unto you, that the man to feel that here I would be closer of revelation: There are revelathat doeth this, the same cometh to them today than ever before and tions which might be said to be

out in open rebellion against God; that those of our leaders would be open revelations like those written

therefore he listeth to obey the evil here from the Prophet Joseph on in the Doctrine and Covenants and spirit, and becometh an enemy to down to all the former Presidents elsewhere which may be given to all righteousness; therefore, the and the Apostles of this dispensathe world. And then we have what

Lord has ho place in him, for he tion. With a feeling that I was one we might speak of as closed reveladwelleth not in unholy temples. of the least of them, I desired to be tions. These are to be divulged and

"Therefore if that man repenteth worthy to be here in the midst of given only in sacred places which not, and remaineth and dieth an such a company today, I suppose are prepared for the revealing of enemy to God, the demands of di- I have come with anxiety lest I be the highest ordinances which bevine justice do awaken his immortal not approved this day. long to the Aaronic and to the

soul to a lively sense of his own If the Spirit is willing, then I Melchizedek Priesthoods, and those guilt, which doth cause him to should like to give vent to some ordinances are in the house of the shrink from the presence of the things that have been running Lord.

FEBRUARY 160 121 There is a vital responsibility which the endowment has been or what Moses said, but they hesigiven to him who holds the keys, presented to those who would retate to follow the living prophet of all the keys, that pertain to the ceive it The first endowments apour present day.

kingdom, even the President of the parently were not given in the There was a pattern for the first

Church in each dispensation. The temple. We find from the Prophet's temple to be built. The Lord in

Lord said that in a great revelaown journal this significant staterevelation said, "I say unto you, tion. To Peter, the Master said, ment: "I spent the day in the upper that it is my will that a house

"And 1 will give unto thee the keys part of the store, that is in my should be built unto me in the land of the kingdom of heaven: and private office... in council with of Zion, [note] like unto the patwhatsoever thou shalt bind on earth General James Adams,... Patriarch tern which I have given you."

shall be bound in heaven: and Hyrum Smith, Bishops Newel K. ( D&C 97: 10. ) There was a revealed

whatsoever thou shalt loose on Whitney and George Miller, and pattern of the building of the first earth shall be loosed in heaven."President Brigham Young and temple, where it was to be built,

(Matt. 16:19.) He also said that Elders Heber C. Kimball and Wiland also apparently the blueprints.

the gates of hell should not prevail lard Richards, instructing them in That could have been inspired, I against Christ's Church. (See ibid., the principles and order of the suppose, through an architect, or

16:18.) Now, the gates of hell Priesthood, [now if you will notice it could have come directly from

would have prevailed against the these next words, you'll have an the President of the Church; I

Lord's work if there hadn't been excellent definition of what the don't know. But he says the buildgiven the ordinances pertaining to holy endowment is] attending to ing was "like unto the pattern

the salvation of those who are dead. washings, anointings, endowments which I have given you."And then

During those periods when the and the communication of keys perhe tells about how they should priesthood to perform the saving taining to the Aaronic Priesthood, gather the most beautiful things of ordinances of the gospel was not and so on to the highest order of the earth to put into that temple.

upon the earth, there were millions the Melchizedek,... setting forth In other words, he wants these holy

who lived, many of whom were the order pertaining to the Ancient temples, we would say, not to be faithful souls. If there hadn't been of Days, and all those plans and extravagant, but certainly of the

a way by which the saving ordiprinciples by which any one is best that,we could afford, with the nances of the gospel could be perenabled to secure the fulness of workmanship of the finest, so that formed for those who thus died those blessings which have been it would be a place in which we without the knowledge of the gosprepared for the Church of the could be proud to receive our Lord pel, the gates of hell would have First Born, and come up and abide or to which he would be pleased to prevailed against our Feather's plan in the presence of the Eloheim in come.

of salvation. the eternal worlds"(DHC, 5, 1-2) The purpose of the building was

That which was said to Peter and gain your exaltation in spite of declared. He said it would be "... a

was in substance said to the earth and hell. place of thanksgiving for all saints,"

Prophet Joseph Smith. If you will Now I submit that therein is and that's what we have been doing

compare these two statements and probably one of the most complete here today, feeling grateful and the significance and meaning theredefinitions of the endowment that thankful in all our expressions "...

of—they convey exactly the same one can read. for a place of instruction for all

meaning. This is what the Lord In the upper room over the store those who are called to the work of

said to the Prophet Joseph: "Now which was the Prophet's office the ministry in all their several

the great and grand secret of the were performed, keep in mind, callings and offices;

whole matter, and the summum washings and anointings. He in- "That they may be perfected in.

bonum of the whole subject that structed as to keys of the priestthe understanding of their ministry, is lying before us, consists in obhood. There was no difference in theory, in principle, and in doctaining the powers of the Holy between that instruction and that trine, in all things pertaining to

Priesthood. For him to whom these which was later given in temples the kingdom of God on the earth,

keys are given there is no difficulty except as to the method, which was the keys of which kingdom have in obtaining a knowledge of facts later developed, in which we have been conferred upon you."(Ibid.,

in relation to the salvation of the part dramatization, part lecture, 97:1314.)

children of men, both as well for question and answer, and various Why was a building necessary?

the dead as for the living."(D&C methods of presentation or, in the Brother Romney has given us some

128:11.) more recent development under excellent explanations as to why a

Now keep in mind, this doesn't inspiration to our President, in building. The Lord said it in one

mean just to the Prophet Joseph which visual methods are used to or two revelations to which I will

Smith, to whom this revelation present the teachings of the holy make but brief reference. He said:

came. The same is true of President endowment. "And inasmuch as my people

David O. McKay, who has just as Sometimes we forget that we are build a house unto me in the name

much right to receive revelations living in the day of living prophets. of the Lord, and do not suffer any

pertaining to all things in this day, We believe in "living"prophets and unclean thing to come into it, that 1964, that pertain to the salvation not "dead"prophets only. Some are it be not defiled, my glory shall rest

of the dead as well as to the living. willing to accept what the Prophet upon it"; (Ibid., 97:15.)

From the beginning of time there Joseph said, or what Brigham Then he added something if have been various methods by Young said, or what King Benjamin we do permit it to be defiled by

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA permitting those who are unclean to take meticulous care in preparis holy unto the dogs, neither cast to come into it, "... my glory shall ing their people to be ready to ye your pearls before swine, lest

not be there; for I will not come receive a recommend and not to they trample them under their feet,

into unholy temples."(Ibid., 97: allow those to come here who have and turn again and rend you."

17.) Now he was talking of the not repented of their sins, who (Matt. 7:6.) And then you will

building. have made mistakes, to come here remember the Master said, referMany of you will remember unrepentant, and in so doing ring to something which means,

Elder Orson F. Whitney, former defile this holy house. I think there I think, exactly what the Master is

member of the Council of the could be no worse hell on earth talking about,

Twelve, an intimate associate of than for one to come here into this "... for this cause I commanded

President McKay. They were tall near presence to our Father with a Moses that he should build a taberin stature, alike in that; they both sense of guilt and uncleanness still nacle, that they should bear it

had great literary attainment; they upon that person. It would be a with them in the wilderness, and

spoke with comparable eloquence. devastating and a shattering exto build a house in the land of

I used to think of them in my boyperience. promise [these temples that Elder

hood days as the twins of literary The Master made a remark about Romney talked about], that those perfection—these two great Apostles which President Brigham Young ordinances might be revealed which

of the Lord. Elder Whitney wrote comments, relating to what I'm had been hid from before the

an inscription which appears on talking about here. Jesus said, "The world was."(D&C 124:38.) The

the Cardston, Alberta, Temple: foxes have holes, and the birds of very purpose was so that, in the

the air have nests; but the Son of sanctuaries of those holy edifices,

"Hearts must be pure, to come withman hath not where to lay his in temples like this, there could be in these walls, head."(Matt. 8:20.) revealed that which couldn't be

Where spreads a feast unknown to President Young, commenting on had otherwise.

festival halls. that, said, "... how could Jesus'Now, I shall make only one

Freely partake, for freely God hath saying, that he had not where to more reference that I have had given, lay his head,'be true? Because the running through my mind also. In

And taste the holy joys that tell of house which the Father had comevery session and more than once

Heaven. manded to be built for his recepin each session, the great prophecy

tion, although completed, had of Malachi has been quoted:

"Here learn of Him who triumphed become polluted, and hence the "Behold, I will send you Elijah o'er the grave, saying, 'My house is the house the prophet before the coming of

And unto men, the keys, the kingof prayer: but ye have made it a the great and dreadful day of the

dom gave. den of thieves,'and he made a Lord;

Joined here by ties the past and scourge of cords, and drove the "And he shall turn the heart of present bind; moneychangers, and dovesellers, the fathers to the children, and the

The living and the dead perfection and farogamblers, all out of his heart of the children to their fathfind."(The Improvement Era, house, and overthrew their tables; ers, lest I come and smite the earth

April 1925, p. 507.) but that did not purify the house, with a curse."(Mai. 4:5-6.)

so that he could not sleep in it, for You know, I've had a thought

In the earlier days, way back to an holy thing dwelleth not in an about that. This came to me as

the time of Adam, he was instructed unholy Temple."(JD, 2, 30; also I listened to President McKay

to offer animal sacrifices, and the Discourses of Brigham Young, p. repeat that scripture: Elijah did

prophets who succeeded him were 414. ) There wasn't a place on earth come, as Brother Romney said, in

told that these sacrifices should be for the Son of Man to come and that house which was prepared to the most perfect, the firstlings of dwell and to lay his head. receive the keys, in the Kirtland

the flock without blemish. As I Now the nature of temple orTemple, when the draperies were

have listened to President McKay, dinances is set forth in some revelalowered from the ceiling, making a there came to me this thought, as tions that we can read in a general closed room out of the pulpits. It

he referred to all of us who are way and, even though not members was there that Joseph and Oliver doing work for our kindred dead in of the Church, we may know about. knelt, and it was there that Moses,

the temples, as saviors on Mount But these are safeguarded, and Elijah, and Elias came after the

Zion. In doing this vicarious work we say that, not because they are Savior had first come and stood, as

for the dead by those of us who are secret, for anyone may come here it were, on the breastwork of the saviors on Mount Zion, the Lord if he is properly recommended. pulpit.

wants it to be done as nearly as The whole world may come if they I ask you to consider a churchpossible by those who are without will accept the gospel and live acwide family teaching program blemish. Just as he wanted the cording to its precepts; every soul about which we're talking today.

animal sacrifice to be of animals may come into this house if he Under the direction of President without blemish, he wants us to becomes a worthy church member. McKay we are sending throughout

come here pure and clean and But we say the ordinances are the Church a program to strengthen worthy to do the work, the vicarisacred as contrasted with just being the relationship of parents and chilous work, as saviors on Mount Zion. secret. This has been so in other dren in the home. Not that it is

And so we have counseled our dispensations. You remember the something new—it has been talked

bishops and our stake presidents Master said, "Give not that which about, to use President McKay's

FEBRUARY 1965 i as language, "for fifty years"since the temple, but he said, "I promise hood should take the sweetheart

President Joseph F. Smith and his you that if you will marry me in a of their youth and their children

Counselors promised church memcivil ceremony, I'll clean up my to the temple before it's too late.

bers that if they would gather their habits and I'll take you to the Now it is that sort of thing about children around them once a week temple."which we are pleading today.

and instruct them in the gospel, Well, the years passed. He would As we come back to the temples

those children in such homes would quit in the morning and fail by day after day, and I hope time after not go astray. nighttime, and it happened dozens time, may we have in our minds

And so today there is being preof times until now they had five what the Master said in almost his pared instructions to do what? Is little girls. Then some member of closing farewell to the Nephites:

it not to turn, here upon the earth, the priesthood, with patience—it "... it came to pass that when

the hearts of parents to children could have been a home teacher—Jesus had spoken these words he

and the hearts of the children to with strength and power and love, looked around about again on all parents. Can you believe that took him by the hand as Peter did the multitude, and he said unto

when parents have passed beyond the impotent man at the gate Beauthem: Behold, my time is at hand.

the veil that then is the only time tiful and lifted him up, not just "I perceive that ye are weak, that when parents should have their commanded him in the name of ye cannot understand all my words hearts turned to their children and Jesus Christ to walk, but lifted him which I am commanded of the children to their parents? As I sat up. That is what we have to do to Father to speak unto you at this

here thinking about the remarks of some of these brethren. She told time.

the brethren, I'd have you consider about that day when the bishop "Therefore, go ye.unto your

seriously whether or not that bindsaid, "Now you are worthy to behomes, and ponder upon the things ing with your family will be secure come ordained an elder. I am which I have said, and ask of the

if you have waited until you've recommending you, and after you Father, in my name, that ye may passed beyond the veil before your are ordained, I will give you a understand, and prepare your minds hearts then yearn for your children recommend to take your wife and for the morrow, and I come unto whom you have neglected to help your five little girls to the temple."you again."(3 Nephi 17:1-3.)

along the way. Maybe it is time And she told about that day. How do you prepare to meet the

for us to think or turning the After they had gone through the Lord? This is where he will frehearts of parents to children now temple, across a sacred altar, they quently be. The Lord said, "Therewhile living in order that, after were sealed husband and wife forfore, sanctify yourselves that your

they are gone to the beyond, there ever by a man of God in authority. minds become single to God, and

might be that bond between parThen the doors opened, and in the days will come that you shall ents and children which will last came the five little girls dressed in see him;... and it shall be in his

beyond death. I think it is a very beautiful white dresses. They arown time, and in his own way, and

real principle, and we should conranged themselves around the altar, according to his own will."(D&C

sider it. and that same man of God pro88:68.)

In our anxiety for worldly gains, nounced them a family for eternity. Here was the formula that he

we sometimes forget these great She told it beautifully, and there gave us in a revelation with which and mighty principles which perwere many tears as she spoke. Then I close, "Verily, thus saith the

tain to our living here and now. she leaned on the pulpit, and right Lord: It shall come to pass that

I was at a meeting in Provo some down in front of her a row or two every soul who forsaketh his sins years ago. We had husbands and back was her husband. She seemed and cometh unto me, and calleth

wives in attendance, trying to get to forget that there was anyone on my name, and obeyeth my voice, as many of the inactive as possible. there but just the two of them. She and keepeth my commandments,

If there are any of those within the said to him, "Daddy, I don't know shall see my face and shall know sound of this meeting who have not how to tell you how the girls and that I am"; (Ibid., 93:1.)

been to this holy house for their I feel about what you have done Thank God for the revelations by endowments, some who may be for us. I guess all I can say is, the power of the Holy Ghost which

over in the stake center, I would 'Thank God from the bottom of bears witness to my soul that I ask you to consider this which I our hearts for you, Daddy. Except know with all my soul that he lives,

saw dramatized in the most imfor you who holds the priesthood that he is the Savior of the world.

pressive way. We had asked a which is the key to unlock the door I know that this is a sanctified holy

mother to tell about the joy which to our heavenly home, not even place where he can lay his head had recently come to her when the girls and I could be together in because of the holiness herein. May

with her husband and family she the hereafter. From the bottom of you who come here come with

had gone to the temple. She told our hearts we thank you, our sanctified hearts, with eyes and

how her husband as a young man daddy.'"minds and hearts single to God so

was careless. He had strayed away And then there was sobbing all that you will feel his presence and

and taken up some habits so that over, and I could have wished that the presence of those whom Presiwhen the time came for him to be all the careless fathers in the whole dent McKay welcomed yesterdayadvanced in the priesthood, he was Church could have been waked to yes, my own lovely sweetheart, not ready. When they had fallen in realize that they should take their whose presence I have felt as I

love and were ready to be married, place as the head of their families have sat here through these sesthey were not prepared to go to and by the exercise of their priestsions. God grant it might be so, and

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA may we so live to have the comself. May the Lord guide us to so inspired direction, I pray humbly

panionship of those who are beyond live that we may be worthy of their in the name of the Lord Jesus our sight and even the Master himsweet presence and to receive their Christ. Amen.

SEEK OUT YOURPRES1DENT N. ELDONDEADTANNER

SECOND COUNSELOR IN THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

I am sure that that is the prayer tiful song said, "I know that my Jesus Christ and these other heavof all of us, that we may be worthy Redeemer lives,"and- 1 am so happy enly messengers, stand before that to come and dwell with him. to have that testimony and appresmall group of people, six of whom

I consider it a great privilege and ciate the great sacrifice that he was became members of the Church at blessing this morning to be here, ready to make for you and me. that time; and he stood there in

and to have been here yesterday, I am pleased, too, to know bedignity, majestically, I am sure, and and partake of the lovely spirit, the yond any shadow of doubt that in all humility said, "I have been sweet spirit, in this sacred house, God the Father and his Son Jesus chosen as a prophet, a seer, a and to see how our President was Christ came and appeared to Joseph revelator, a translator, and as Presiblessed. It is a miracle for him to Smith, and that other heavenly bedent of the Church of Jesus Christ."

be able to come here and speak to ings came to him and revealed the (See D&C 21:1.)

us and direct us, inspire us, and gospel and restored the priesthood Imagine a young man having the dedicate this sacred edifice to our and directed him in his work. ability and the courage and the

Heavenly Father. There is no doubt, my brethren nerve and the testimony—all that

I have enjoyed, more than I can and sisters, in my mind, and I am was necessary to stand before them say, this beautiful singing of the sure there isn't in yours, that God and say, "I have been chosen as a choir, and the solo today, and the the Father and his Son Jesus Christ prophet of God and as President of choir singing yesterday, and the did appear and instructed him, and his Church."He had been told by

beautiful solo work, and I am sure that he knew as he left that grove—the Angel Moroni that he would be

it brings closer to us the Spirit of and because he had that experience known for good and evil throughour Heavenly Father. It is a great in that grove we know through the out the world.

joy and blessing for us to be able to same spirit and the power of the Within three years of the time be here, my brothers and sisters. I Holy Ghost—that God lives and the Church was organized with

hope you feel, and I know you that Jesus is the Christ. only six young men, they comcannot help feeling, that the Spirit Though Joseph was persecuted menced to build a temple to God,

of the Lord is here. and reviled, and all manner of evil and completed it. As Brother

President McKay said two or was spoken against him, he bore [Marion G.] Romney told us this

three times yesterday that the veil testimony that he had seen a vision. morning, heavenly beings and Jesus

is thin, and one with whom he was He knew it, and he knew that God Christ himself appeared and talked associated said there is no veil. I knew it, and he could not deny it. to Joseph and Oliver, all of which is

feel this morning that the veil is For the next three years, in spite evidence that it was accepted by very thin. I know it is thin, and of all persecution, he remained the Lord.

especially for those who have gone strong in the faith until the Angel This, too, is a house of the Lord, on before us, for those who are on Moroni appeared to him. One of the and I feel to bear my testimony that

the other side—our Father in first things the Angel Moroni did he is here. I hope, my brethren and

heaven, the Lord Jesus Christ, the was to repeat the prophecy of sisters, that we can be in harmony prophets of these the latter days, Malachi that Elijah would be sent so we can feel the influence of and our loved ones who are there before the coming of the great and that Spirit and his presence.

waiting for us. dreadful day of the Lord. Before going further, I should

I again repeat that I am so glad This prophecy was fulfilled when like to take this opportunity of that I can have this experience, and Elijah appeared to Joseph and congratulating those who are reso glad to be so closely associated Oliver in the Kirtland Temple. sponsible for the building of this

with our President, the prophet of Following Moroni's appearance lovely edifice. It is a testimony to

God, of whom I should like to bear to him, Joseph was visited by other me to know that years before this testimony this morning. heavenly beings through whom the building was constructed, Brigham

I know as I know that I stand priesthood was restored and by Young, and later George Albert here that a prophet of God has whom he was instructed. Smith, predicted that a temple

been presiding in these services. Then we see a young man twentywould be erected in this area.

We are being directed by the Lord, four years of age, after he had reWhen the spot was chosen by inwhose influence is here with us ceived the priesthood, after he had spiration, the land was not availthis day, and I know, as that beauseen God the Father and his Son able. However, as evidence of the

FEBRUARY 1965 128 inspiration, this site became availchosen, though he will chasten up for farming.

able so that the temple could be them. It was necessary for those Luckily, there was a settlement,

built according to prediction. people to be driven to the West. an understanding; the misunderTo Brother Harold W. Burton, It is an interesting thing to me standing was cleared up, and the

this fine architect who was the to know what has happened to that people were allowed to return, and architect for the Alberta Temple, city of Nauvoo and that surroundthey went on with the building of the Hawaii Temple, and now this ing territory, located in the area of that temple. Remember, there were

temple, I wish to pay tribute. I some of the choicest land in the only five thousand people in the

have heard him explain how this whole of the United States, and temple district, and there were building was built and how the how it prospered and how everyfewer than twenty thousand in the architectural work was done, and thing was going fine even in spite whole valley when they started to

I am sure he was inspired. I want of the persecution. But when they build the temple, but they underto congratulate the builders, and all left and were driven out by those took this task because the Lord had

who participated in any way—the who persecuted them, what hapcommanded them to do it. They

landscape gardeners, the engineers, pened to that city? It has gone continued on until they were finally

those who have helped in the prepdown until it is a very small town successful. Yes, it took them forty

aration for this dedicatory service, since that temple was destroyed. years, and they labored under three

and all those who assisted President And what happened to the Presidents of the Church; and durStone and President Wright, and people who left there and proved ing the time they were building it,

who have worked so diligently and their devotion and their testimonies there were three other temples effectively in making this lovely and were prepared to make any built in Utah.

experience possible for us. sacrifice to do what the Lord called My brethren and sisters, to me

I wonder if we really appreciate them to do? They crossed the plains it is a great privilege, as I have said

our blessings and our responsiwith suffering, sickness, persecubefore, to belong to the Church, bilities which we have as members tion, and death, but note the first where we have a prophet of God of the Church which has been asthing they did when they landed leading us, where we understand signed by our Heavenly Father to there in the Salt Lake Valley in that temple work, and where we can build temples and to ao the work desert and sagebrush. Brigham participate in services such as this.

therein. We are the only people in Young, four days after they arrived, Now the greatest temple building

all the world who know about struck that arid ground with his period has been under our present temple building, why they are cane and said, "Here we will build leader and prophet. Five out of

built, and who have the priesthood, a house—a temple to God."the thirteen temples now in use

and the authority, and the power, What courage I And they went have been dedicated by President my brethren and sisters, to do this on and built that temple, though McKay. One of these was the Swiss

work. May we prove worthy of it took them forty years. Think of Temple which was dedicated in

this blessing and responsibility and their bringing that granite down 1955, the first temple to be built in go forward in a manner acceptable from Little Cottonwood Canyon, the Old World since the crucifixion to our Heavenly Father. twenty miles away, bringing it with of our Savior. For 1900 years the

Brother Romney told you this ox teams, for it took four yoke of Old World had been without a morning about the building of the oxen to bring one stone. Then they temple, from 70 AD until 1955,

Kirtland Temple and the Nauvoo commenced to build a canal, but when our own President was

Temple and the sacrifices those abandoned that when they realized chosen by the Lord to go over there people had to make, and I think a railway could be built into the and again build a temple.

what a wonderful, wonderful thing quarry to bring that stone down. He has since dedicated the Los

it is to know that the Lord made And they carried on. Angeles Temple in 1956, the New

it possible for those people to enter But, as you know, at the time Zealand Temple in 1958, the Loninto the city of Nauvoo and build in the people suffered very serious don Temple the same year, and six years the biggest city, the most setbacks. After they had built the then, today, the Oakland Temple

populous city, in all of the state of wall around the property, and in 1964.

Illinois, and they built and comwhile they were laying the foundaBoth in modern times and ancient pleted a temple to God under all tion for the temple—they had not times the covenant people of God

the persecution. They finished it built it above the ground—they have been required to build temeven after Joseph the Prophet and were threatened with an army sent ples, and it is a great privilege to

his brother Hyrum had been marout by the United States governparticipate in the building of a tyred. They knew they were going ment to quell an alleged rebellion house of the Lord, where, as was

to be driven out, but they continued planned there in the Salt Lake so beautifully stated by Brother because they had been told to build Valley. Rather than put up with Lee and Brother [Marion G.] Rom-

a temple. No sacrifice was too great. the persecution which they knew ney, the Lord can come and dwell

No fear of persecution would stop they would suffer, they were preand where we can come and feel them. pared to leave their homes, and his Spirit.

How sad it is to know that they some of them did. But before leavBut as we build these buildings,

were driven out shortly thereafter. ing, they filled in that place that we must not feel that we have

But my brethren and sisters, to me had been dug for the foundation, arrived or that our work is done it is a great testimony that the Lord covered it over completely, and left and has been completed; rather we

will bless those whom he has it as though it had been broken have just reached the point where

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we can begin to do the work which May I ask you today to covenant about drawing the heart of the the Lord has asked us to do. We with the Lord that you will attend fathers to the children and the chilhave the great privilege and rethe temple at least once a month, dren to the fathers, and I would like

sponsibility of doing work for our if you are in an area where this is to go on with what he said there.

dead—those who have gone on bepossible. I do not know how near It is your privilege and your refore us. Nobody else understands you would have to be, but I do sponsibility, and it would be a great

it. Nobody else has been given that know that we used to attend when blessing to your children, if you

call and that responsibility that has we lived 150 miles from the temple would start today to let them know come to us today. I hope and pray and never missed a month. I know why the temples are built and that

that you and I and all of us, yes, all it can be done, and I know it should they are built under the direction members of the Church, will realize be done. What a great blessing it of God and for a certain purpose,

what a responsibility and what a would be if all the people in this and that no unclean thing can enter great privilege it is to do this work Church were to go to the temple these walls".

for those who are not able to do it for once a month—those who can—and Prepare your children, and let

themselves and who are there now those who cannot should be prethem know how they can be saviors in prison waiting for us to do their pared as soon as possible that they on Mount Zion. Help them to apwork so that they might progress might enjoy this great privilege of preciate that. Don't preach to them.

and enjoy the blessings of those for being a savior to those who have Tell them what a privilege it is and whom this work has been done. gone on before them. You know, what an opportunity it is to prepare

As I saw that picture at the New the Savior was prepared to give his themselves to go to the temple.

York World's Fair in which it life for you and me. Surely we Now if we just realize this, and

showed the people being met by should be prepared to give at least put ourselves in a position where those who had gone on before a day a month. we can do this work for our dead,

them, it made me stop and think. What a wonderful thing it would and set about to do it, encourage

You know everybody living in the be if the members of this Church others to do it, and teach and world today has progenitors who would covenant with the Lord that train our children that tney will be have gone on before them without they would do this; and if you live prepared to do it, we will be doing

hearing the gospel, and without where you cannot attend once a the work we have been called to do.

having the privilege of understandmonth, there are two other things I want to bear you my testimony, ing and accepting it and doing their you can do, and which we have my brethren and sisters, that it will oWn work. They are waiting for been asked to do. bring joy to your hearts; it will

you and me. One is that we do research work, bring joy to millions of those who

As I think of that, and what seek out our dead. The Church is have gone on before us, who are

great joy it would bring to them spending millions of dollars to waiting there. As I think of going

to have the work done for them make it possible for us to seek out back into their presence, I wonder and let them out of prison so that our dead and give the direction and how I will be met. I hope I will be

they might go on and progress, I help that we need in doing this met with open arms, and I will am hiimblecC You know the Lord work. only if I will have done what I can

himself, while his body lay in the To go to the temple and do the do to make it possible for them to tomb, went and preached to the endowment work is not sufficient. progress. I do not want to think

spirits in prison that they might be Now, if you are so far away that how I will be met and how I will prepared to accept this work when you cannot attend the temple regufeel if I neglect that work.

we do it. Now he has given us the larly, be active in seeking out all the The Lord gave his life for you

responsibility of doing for them the genealogy of your progenitors so and me, my brethren and sisters.

work which they cannot do for that the work may be done for We are being led by a prophet and themselves. them, and you can arrange with directed in our course. May we

I appeal to you, my brothers and somebody else to do the work when follow that direction and enjoy the sisters to accept this responsibility you have the information. blessings of the faithful, I numbly

and this great privilege and ertjoy My brethren and sisters, I was pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

the blessings that are sure to come. pleased with what Brother Lee said Amen.

THE GLORY OF ANCIENT - - TEMPLES STERLINGANDW. SILL MODERN

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

My brothers and sisters, I appreduring the noon recess, it was my We heard from him an explanation ciate very much this privilege of pleasure with some others to be of how the entire earth had been having a part with you in this thrillshown through this building by searched in order to find exactly ing and historic event. Yesterday the great man who designed it. the right materials from which this

FEBRUARY 1963 127 temple to the Lord could be built. on which to offer sacrifice. He was he would like to have. ( See ibid.,

Then this morning as we were ridtold that the altar should be built 3.) Solomon said that above all

ing toward this site, I looked up on an elevated area used as a other things he desired an underfrom the valley to this magnificent threshing floor by one of David's standing heart that he might judge edifice and tried to imagine how wealthy subjects whose name was his people with wisdom. The Lord

long it might endure. It seemed to Oman. (1 Chron. 21:18.) David was pleased with the young king's

be not improbable that it may stand told Oman what the angel had said request and granted his wish. Then

here throughout the millennium to and asked if he would sell this land in the fourth year of Solomon's serve the eternal purposes of the for that purpose. Oman told the reign he began to build the house

people of this important area. king that he could not only have of the Lord. It was now 488 years

William James once said that the land, but that he could have it since the Israelites had been liber- "the greatest use of life is to spend free of charge. Not only that, but ated from their Egyptian bondage.

it for something that outlasts it."Oman also offered to furnish the The site on which the temple was

Certainly this structure will outlast wheat, the oil, and the oxen that to stand was the original site our mortality as well as the morwould make up the sacrifice. Then pointed out by the angel for the

tality of many who will follow us. David said something that is proaltar on which David had offered

At this service reference has been found, no matter to which departsacrifice.

made to the erection and dedication ment of our lives it may be applied. As with the Oakland Temple, the

of other temples and to the fact that In substance he said, "I will not materials for the temple of Soloone of the signs of the true Church offer unto the Lord an offering that mon came from all over the world.

of Christ upon the earth has been doth cost me nothing."( See 2 Sam. The cedars were sent from Lebathat the people have built temples 24:24.) So David paid the equivanon, the most skilled workers were

and have performed sacred ordilent of six thousand dollars for this imported from Phoenicia and Tyre.

nances therein according to the dialtar site which would be where Especially selected building marection and command of the Lord. Solomon's Temple would later be terials with all kinds of precious

It was fourteen days less than one built. gems were sent from all over the

year after the children of Israel had David had been denied the priviknown world. The Queen of Sheba

been liberated from their Egyptian lege of building the temple, and came from southern Arabia bringbondage that in obedience to the he did not want to lose any of the ing with her many rare spices, command of the Lord they had other benefits that were available precious stones, and 120 talents erected a sacred tabernacle which to him. If we ever feel that we are of gold. (See ibid,, 10:10.) This

they could carry on their backs doing too much, we might rememgold itself was said to be worth during their forty years sojourn in ber David and his philosophy of well over three million dollars. The

the wilderness. This tabernacle paying for what we get. Just supfleets of Hiram, king of Tyre,

which served them as a temple pose that we had someone to make brought 420 talents of gold from measured fortyfive feet in length, our sacrifices for us, someone to the mines of Ophir. In a single year

fifteen feet in width, and fifteen pay our tithing for us and do our Solomon received contributions of feet in height. Even after they had studying and our home teaching for gold amounting to well over twenty

established themselves in their us. Such a procedure may save us million dollars in value. ( See ibid.,

promised land, this structure consome effort, but it would also cost 10:14.)

tinued to serve them as their temple us our blessings. The one who said Then at the time of the dedicafor some 459 years. our prayers for us and did our tion 22,000 oxen and 120,000 sheep

As the king of ancient Israel, worshiping for us would also do our were offered up as a sacrifice. We

David desired to build a more adegrowing and receive all of our other are told that fire from the Lord quate temple of the Lord. The offered advantages. came down and consumed the ofpeople both needed and wanted a Finally, when David was old, he fering. Then the record says that

temple. The Lord wanted them to delivered his famous charge to his Solomon and all of the people dedihave a temple, but because David son Solomon, who was about to recated the temple unto the Lord.

had made himself unworthy to place him upon the throne. David What a wonderful possession this

build the temple, this privilege was said: holy place was for this chosen nadenied to him. And the Lord had "I go the way of all the earth: be tion of Israel. But it has always

Said that the temple's construction thou strong therefore, and shew seemed difficult for people to be must be postponed until after thyself a man; worthy of their blessings, and it

David's death. Sometimes we may "And keep the charge of the was only forty years after the dedithink that our building contribuLord thy God, to walk in his ways, cation that Jerusalem was invaded

tions and other church responsibilito keep his statutes, and his comby Nebuchadnezzar and his armies ties are a little bit heavy to bear, mandments, and his judgments, and from Babylon. The temple was first

but suppose that in imagination we his testimonies, as it is written in plundered and then burned to the put ourselves in David's place. the law of Moses, that thou mayest ground. Nebuchadnezzar carried

How would we feel if we were told prosper in all that thou doest,..."with him back to Babylon millions

by the Lord that he would not (1 Kings 2:2-3.) of dollars worth of treasures that he

accept an offering at our hands? Solomon ascended the throne took from the temple. Some four

One day an angel appeared to when he was only a teenager. Then hundred years later in 516 BC, the

David and told him that it was the at Gibeon the Lord appeared to temple was rebuilt on the same

Lord's desire that he build an altar him in a dream and asked him what ancient site of Zerubbabel. But on

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA several occasions this edifice was history. This was the place to which "... your house is left unto you

also violated and made unholy, and Jehovah himself had come and desolate:..."

it was also finally destroyed. Then from which he was now taking his This Oakland Temple has also

some thirtyseven years BC, Herod final leave. been dedicated to the Lord, and I

took Jerusalem; and twenty years Someone has painted for us a suppose that the most unfortunate

later in order to gain favor with the mental picture of Jesus standing thing that could ever happen would

Jews, he undertook to rebuild the upon the Mount of Olives saying be for it to someday revert to us, temple again, but this time on a farewell to the temple and the city so that instead of being God's greatly enlarged scale. The conthat he loved. As it was near the house, it might once again become

struction was still in process during end of the day, we might well imag- "our house."Many times during

the ministry of Jesus and was not ine that the last rays of the these sessions, we have been infully completed until 65 AD, just declining sun had lighted this hisstructed that we should never allow six years before the armies of Titus toric building in golden splendor. any attitude or uncleanness to come

destroyed Jerusalem and again comJesus contemplated the scene and into this place that would grieve pletely demolished the temple, leavgave his historic farewell, saying, the Spirit of our Heavenly Father ing not one stone upon another in "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which or make his house less beautiful fulfilment of the Lord's prophecy. killest the prophets, and stonest or less sacred than it now is. And

It is interesting however that them that are sent unto thee; how I suppose that the most important

Jesus acknowledged the temple as often would I have gathered thy thing that any one of us can do to his Father's house and made subchildren together, as a hen doth guarantee that condition would be stantial use of it in his own ministry. gather her brood under her wings, to make sure that our lives are fully

It was here he taught the wise men and ye would not!"(Luke 13:34.) dedicated to the service of our

at age twelve. It was here that the Then he said, "Behold, your Heavenly Father.

voice of his Father had been heard house is left unto you desolate:..."On April 3, 1836, the Prophet

giving approval of his ministry. He (Ibid., 13:35.) But yesterday he Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery

came to the temple daily to teach had called it "my house."Now their were praying in the Kirtland

the people during the last week of chance had gone. They had reTemple just a few days after it had

his life. It was on the last Sunday jected him, and he was leaving been dedicated. The resurrected

that he made his triumphal entry these sacred temple precincts forJesus appeared to them and ininto Jerusalem and wept over the ever. In less than three days he structed them. And in consequence

city. On Monday he cleansed the would hang with outstretched arms of this vision they gave to the world

temple's courts by driving out above Calvary; therefore with some of the most inspiring lines in

the money changers. He said to meaningful significance, he said, all of sacred literature regarding the

them, "... My house shall be called reality and goodness of God. The

of the prayer house it a den of.. thieves.". but ye UNTO GOD A TEMPLEOAKLAND Prophet"And now,said: after the many testihave... made

(Mark 11:17.) Then Tuesday beBY ANNETTE WEODELL monies which have been given of

fore his crucifixion on Friday, he him, this is the testimony, last of came to the temple for the last White waters restless as the mind all, which we give of him: That

time. He taught the people during of God he lives!

the entire day, giving them a final Move over stone. Each fountain "For we saw him, even on the

opportunity to repent and accept gently falls. right hand of God; and we heard

the gospel. At the end of the day Palms soar unbending as his staff the voice bearing record that he

he retired from the temple for the and rod. is the Only Begotten of the Father—

last time and began his walk back Six fluted pillars shadow courtyard "That by him, and through him, to the little home in Bethany where walls. and of him, the worlds are and

he was spending these last few days Twelve, as the tribes of Israel, oxen were created, and the inhabitants of his life. His journey led him and bear thereof are begotten sons and

Upon their massive backs the font daughters unto God."(D&C 76:his followers across the Mount of

Olives, and as he neared the sumof birth. 2224.)

mit, he stopped to rest, and as he Cool stone, warm gold, leaf green, That is probably the greatest did so he looked back upon this the altars where idea there is in the world.

historic building. This was a place His children ponder mysteries of May God help us to fully undermade dear to every Jewish heart earth stand the tremendous significance

And paradise. Pale marble petals of this magnificent structure as itby the many sacred memories

with which it was associated. This glow. stands on this elevated place as a

is a spot that had been designated This place of Pharaoh splendor brilliant symbol that the gospel of soaring high years over a thousand the Lordby the city's their Above as the placebefore where blurred and molten Jesusstored Christto the earth,has againinvitingbeenall menreflow famous King David had erected the Sends hope, like spires, yearning to accept their Creator's invitation altar to offer sacrifice. This was the toward the sky. to qualify themselves for eternal

place where Solomon had built his How many—come to whisper, come exaltation. That we may all get the

magnificent temple. This had been to staremessage before it is too late, I

the center of Jewish traditions durTurn homeward tearwet faces bent humbly pray in the name of Jesus ing a long and eventful national in prayer? Christ. Amen.

FEBRUARY 16S 129 "...THAT MY PEOPLE

MAY BE TAUGHT MORE PERFECTLY..."

ELRAY L. CHRISTIANSEN

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

AND COORDINATOR OF TEMPLES

I'm sure that you agree with me of the prophecies made by prophets keys and power and authority to that the prayers of the Saints have of the Old and the New Testaments. act in his name in administering

been answered with the presence We should rejoice in the preparacertain saving ordinances. I am

and participation here of our great tion and the dedication of this the amazed as I read of the Taberleader and prophet David O. fifteenth temple in this dispensanacle in the wilderness; of what

McKay, when it appeared to some tion. With the living poetess Mabel went on there; and in how so nearly

that he might not be able to be Jones Gabbott, I say: alike it was to our temple work topresent. It seeihs to me that with day. In the book of Exodus we read

each successive session he gathers Rejoice, ye Saints of latter days; this: "And thou shalt bring Aaron

strength and becomes more vigorLift up your hearts in songs of and his sons unto the door of the ous and more impressive than ever. praise; tabernacle of the congregation, and

I am so grateful for his presence and Another temple to our God wash them with water.

for the presence of all of you. I Now stands upon this chosen sod, "And thou shalt put upon Aaron

wish here in just a word to express A house of holiness and love the holy garments, and anoint him, my personal appreciation to those To him who sits enthroned above. and sanctify him; that he may minwho found this choice site on which ister unto me in the priest's office.

the temple is built and for the fact Again is reared from earth's deep "And thou shalt bring his sons, that President McKay decreed, with sod and clothe them with coats:

the approval of the Twelve and the A temple to the Most High God; "And thou shalt anoint them, as

Counselors in the Presidency, that A house of prayer, a place of peace, thou didst anoint their father, that it should be built. Where envy, hate, and greed will they may minister unto me in the

My admiration for the architects cease, priest's office: for their anointing

who conceived it increases with Where men will serve unselfishly shall surely be an everlasting priesteach succeeding edifice they create Their kindred dead and set them hood throughout their generations."

in their minds and on paper before free. (Exod. 40:1215.)

it becomes a reality, as well as for We have already heard of other those who follow the plan, the blueOh, workmen, rear it tenderly temples built during the Old Testaprints, and the specifications and In perfect form and symmetry. ment history.

actually bring them into being. My Let love be in this holy place; Throughout the history of the

tribute to them I must express. I Let no crude act Or word efface Nephites evidence is clear that they

must express also my thanks and This sacred edifice of prayer; too were a temple building people.

gratitude for the privilege of having Oh, build it true with utmost care. Nephi tells us plainly:

presided nearly seventeen years in "And I, Nephi, did build a holy temples, where almost every Oh, Saints, rejoice in this great day temple; and I did construct it after

day I found myself with my comAnd worship him in his own way, the manner of the temple of Solopanion and the faithful temple For thus his kingdom will go forth mon save it were not built of so workers making possible for thouUntil his temples fill the earth; many precious things; for they were

sands of people blessings beyond Then will the heavens sing above, not to be found upon the land...."

compare. I hope that I may never And Christ descend to reign in love. (2 Nephi 5:16.)

be divorced entirely from the (Hymns, 207.) They had descended from a

temples for my heart is there, and templebuilding people, and several

I love the work. We should rejoice; but it is not references show that sacred prinWe should be grateful, brothers surprising that Latterday Saints ciples were taught the people in

and sisters, that we live in the day are a templebuilding people. Evithe temple by Nephi and Jacob, at

when all the keys of the priesthood dence shows that whenever the least. Later in Zarahemla they built

and its powers, gifts, and authority Higher Priesthood was upon the another temple, and still later, anhave through the visitation of heavearth, and when his people were other in the land Bountiful. Always

enly beings, resurrected beings, obedient to his commandments, the with God's chosen people, ancient been again committed into the Lord required that they build and modern Israel, temples have hands of men. We should be gratetemples and dedicate them for been the center of interest and a

ful that the true Church has been sacred purposes. In each instance he focal part of their lives.

divinely restored in the fulfilment has given chosen men the necessary And so it is with the Latterday

ISO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Saints today. It was only two and a envisioned and seen to it that one less we have learned to live here

half years after the organization of third of those fifteen have been according to the laws that operate the Church, even though the memerected. God knew when to send in the celestial kingdom. And where

bership was small and had limited this great man and placed him in are these laws taught? In no other

means, they were nevertheless comhis position, for he has always been place but in what I call the "unimanded of the Lord to build the templeminded. versity of the Lord,"where the

temple, and it was built in KirtThis building is majestic and higher ordinances of the priestland. The temple in Kirtland holds beautiful in design and in structure, hood, the ordinances that pertain to

a peculiar place in the annals of but in a real sense this grandeur celestial life are expounded and are temple building. It was built prilies not in its lovely features but in received, and I hope are lived by

marily for the restoration of the the divinely given ordinances which those who come to the temple.

keys and authority which were will be administered here to bless When the Saints moved to Nauvoo held and exercised in all other disthe sons and daughters of God, the only ten years or so after the Kirtpensations formerly. Not only did living and the deceased—blessings land Temple was completed, the

Jesus condescend to appear to which no manmade organization Lord again commanded them to

Joseph and Oliver and graciously can provide. build a house unto his name in

accept it as his house built by their There are those in the world who Nauvoo, and gave the reason when hands, but as the record further minimize the importance of temple he said, shows us: building and the necessity for "... verily I say unto you, let

"After this vision closed, the temple work. There are many in the this house be built unto my name,

heavens were again opened unto world who do believe it not at all, that I may reveal mine ordinances us; and Moses appeared before us, and yet, it has been revealed therein to my people;

and committed unto us the keys of again and is indispensable to the "For I deign to reveal unto my the gathering of Israel from the salvation and exaltation both of the church things which have been four parts of the earth, and the living and of the dead. The disbelief kept hid from before the foundaleading of the ten tribes from the of ten million men does not change tion of the world, things that perland of the north. the fact! The ordinances administain to the dispensation of the ful-

"After this, Elias appeared, and tered by the power of the priestness of times."(Ibid., 124:4041.)

committed the dispensation of the hood will, as has been predicted, And then he here answered the gospel of Abraham, saying that in save the earth from being utterly question which is so often asked by us and our seed all generations after wasted at the coming of tine Lord. people who are thinking about the

us should be blessed. If it were not so, his purposes would temple or studying about it: Where

"And after this vision had closed, be thwarted or at least delayed, and did these ordinances come from?

another great and glorious vision we are told by him that his purHow were they received? The

burst upon us; for Elijah the poses and designs will not be frusanswer is given very briefly in the

prophet, who was taken into heaven trated, but that it is only the denext verse:

without tasting death, stood before signs and purposes of man that will "And I will show unto my servant us, and said: be frustrated. So we might ask why, Joseph all things pertaining to this

"Behold, the time has fully come, why are these temples built? house, and the priesthood thereof

which was spoken of by the mouth May I turn to the Doctrine and [I would take that to mean the of Malachi—testifying that he [EliCovenants for a moment and read operation of the priesthood thereof],

jah] should be sent, before the a few verses from here and there in and the place whereon it shall be great and dreadful day of the Lord regard to it? In 1834 while the built. (Ibid., 124:42.)

come—Kirtland Temple was in the process Again explaining why it is neces-

"To turn the hearts of the fathers of erection, the Lord in a revelation sary to have temples, the Lord reto the children, and the children tb said this: vealed this: "I command you again

the fathers, lest the whole earth "... and that my people may be to build a house to my name, even

be smitten with a curse—taught more perfectly, and have in this place, [and then the reason]

"Therefore [how significant this experience, and know more perthat you may prove yourselves unto is today], the keys of this dispenfectly concerning their duty, and me that you are faithful in all sation are committed into your the things which I require at their tilings whatsoever I command you, hands; and by this ye may know hands. that I may bless you, and crown

that the great and dreadful day of "... behold I have prepared a you with honor, immortality, and

the Lord is near, even at the doors."great endowment and blessing to eternal life."(Ibid., 124:55.)

(D&C 110:1116.) be poured out upon them, inasHow wonderful it is to have

That glorious event, my brothers much as they are faithful and conthese holy places in which to come and sisters, can be compared with tinue in humility before me.... and learn the marvelous purposes

only few such events, and it was the "And Zion cannot be built up of the Lord. He has given us full

grand beginning of the blessings unless it is by the principles of the evidence of the reasons for temples that were to be poured out and law of the celestial kingdom; otherin another revelation, felling us that

which will be climaxed in due time wise I cannot receive her unto myafter the earth has filled the measby the coming of the Savior. In self."(D&C 105:10, 12, 5.) ure of its creation and its purposes,

this dispensation fifteen temples That to me is a highly significant it shall be sanctified and glorified have been built. During his adtruth. We cannot prepare the kingand made a fit abode for those who

ministration President McKay has dom for the coming of the Lord uncan earn a celestial life (see ibid.,

FEBRUARY 1965 131 88:1719); that those "who are of let us dedicate ourselves and our speaking of baptism for the dead

the celestial kingdom may possess substance and our time to serve on and the salvation for the dead, it forever and ever; for, for this behalf of those who have passed "Brethren, shall we not go on in so

intent was it [the earth] made and on; for I doubt that any of us will great a cause? Go forward and not

created, and for this intent are they bathe in much glory unless it is backward. Courage, brethren; and

sanctified."(Ibid., 88:20.) that we have made possible that on, on to the victory! Let your

Now notice this: "And they who same glory for others who have not hearts rejoice, and be exceedingly

were not sanctified through the law the opportunity themselves. What glad. Let the earth break forth into

which I have given unto you, even must be done then? singing. Let the dead speak forth

the law of Christ, must inherit anOur duty is clear: We must seek anthems of eternal praise to the

other kingdom, even that of a terthe records of our dead; we must King Immanuel, who hath orrestrial kingdom, or that of a telesrecord them properly and accurdained, before the world was, that

tial kingdom. ately and have them cleared which would enable us to redeem

"For he who is not able to abide through the Genealogical Society. them from out of their prison; for

by the law of a celestial kingdom When the names are received, we the prisoners shall go free."(Ibid.,

cannot abide a celestial glory."must act in their behalf. Now we 128:22.) May the bishoprics and

(Ibid., 88:2122.) all know this, my plea is that we do stake presidencies and the other

There's the key! We are taught it. I close my remarks with a similar leaders be leaders in this respect

in these holy temples the laws of admonition by the Prophet Joseph and may all others be ready and the celestial kingdom, so that we Smith in his epistle recorded in the willing to follow them and come to may not lose the divine bless128th section of the Doctrine and the house of the Lord that the dead ings that are awaiting the faithful. Covenants: may be redeemed, I pray humbly

So I say as we dedicate this temple, "Brethren,"he said, and he was iri the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

SEEK FIRST THE KINGDOM OF GOD DELBERT L. STAPLEY

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

My brethren and sisters, this is a with our beloved President David When we arrived and entered time to count our blessings, a won- O. McKay today. I know that he is the gate out front and caught our

derfully historic occasion, a time inspired in the responsibilities of first full view of the temple with that in retrospect we will look upon his great office. We have evidences all of its charming lighting effects,

with much joy and happiness. I'm of that so much as we associate it was a thrilling sight, brethren and

grateful for the presence of Presiwith him and hear him so often sisters. I couldn't help just sitting

dent David O. McKay. I know how say, "Brethren, this is what the there gazing and admiring its

determined he has been to attend Lord wants."beauty. If it appealed to me that

and participate in the dedication So, again I count my blessings: way, I'm sure it would appeal to

of this temple. He has done much the blessing of church memberthose who are not members of the

in its planning, and it is fitting for ship, the blessing of service, and the Church. I think my first reaction

him to be here, for us to be blessed opportunity to enjoy all of these was, What a show place this is, with his presence, for him to speak sacred temple ordinances which are then another quick thought, It is to us and to dedicate this lovely so vital to the eternal welfare and but a symbol, a stirring, motivating edifice unto our Lord for sacred happiness of mankind. glimpse of the glory which is withand holy purposes. Monday evening Sister Stapley in the walls of this sacred edifice.

I bear testimony that Jesus lives. and I were invited to come out and As I have visited the interior of

I know he is our Redeemer. I bear view the temple at night. We took the temple, again I realize that

testimony to the work of the advantage of that opportunity. We what I saw on the outside, beautiful

Prophet Joseph Smith. I have no had hardly left the motel when this landscaping, effective lighting, is

doubt that God called and ordained lovely temple standing here on the but a reflection of all that is holy him in the heavens above, that he hill lighted up so beautifully could and sacred here on the inside. The

came and, being true to his trust, be seen for miles around, a homing pleasing appearance of the temple the Lord committed to him the keys place, I'm sure, not only to us who and the temple grounds is indicaand the powers to establish this are not acquainted with the area, tive of the beauty and spiritual great latterday work of his kingbut also to those who live here. It grandeur within. All is in harmony

dom. I know all who have sucis a guiding landmark and a homwith the sacred and divine purposes

ceeded the Prophet Joseph Smith as ing place to learn about the gospel of God's sanctuaries. The inscripprophet-leaders of this Church and become acquainted with the tion "Holiness unto the Lord"over

were divinely called, that God has holy ordinances which pertain to the entrance expresses beautifully been with tnem, and that God is the house of the Lord. the sacred character of the temple

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA work and service. It seems to me which is the greatest of God's gifts today. We heard yesterday and tothat this temple stands as a repreto his children. day about the closeness of our

sentative of the Church in this the We cannot give first allegiance to Lord's second coming. As President

San Francisco Bay area. It is here the Church and divide our talents, Brown put it, we are 134 years

to bless people. It is here where we abilities, and time in the affairs of closer now to the coming of our

can come not only to do work for men. The Savior said, "No man Lord than the time this Church

ourselves and for our dead, but can serve two masters: for either was organized in the year 1830.

also to meditate upon the work of he will hate the one, and love the Again, our first allegiance should the Lord, to meditate upon the other; or else he will hold to the be to the Church, and* it is entitled

purpose of life, to make resolves to one, and despise the other. Ye canto our full devotion, our good

bring our lives in harmony with the not serve God and mammon."works, our time, and our talents.

divine will. (Matt. 6:24.) And how true that I know, however, there are many

I would like to express a few is, brothers and sisters. I have seen of our people who are interesting

thoughts which have come to me in those who give themselves comthemselves in manmade instituas I have listened to the speakers pletely to politics that their polititions, and I sincerely feel we must and the dedicatory prayer. All the cal affiliation and devotion to this be careful in this regard. Manmade

things that we have heard here are great public interest ofttimes lessorganizations do not have the gosgood. I am sure all of us have made ens their church activities and pel plan of life and salvation as

resolves in our own hearts that we devotion. we have in the Church. They do

will bring our lives more in har- I am not talking against our peonot have the Godrevealed plan mony with the divine will. I have ple interesting themselves in public of life. For many men such organimade that resolve; if I can be more office and running for public office. zations are an outlet and an opeffective in my work, I will try I think we should do so. We should portunity for them to serve their

very hard to do so. All the impreshave a voice in government. The fellow beings. We would say: The

sive things said here have indicated principles, standards, and ideals of Lord bless you in the service you to me that our first allegiance as the gospel which we know are true give to these wellintended manmembers of the Church is to the should be carried with us into made institutions. But as far as the

Church itself. public affairs so that our voices membership of the Church is conThe Savior said, "... seek ye might be heard, and it can be reccerned, it seems to me, again befirst the kingdom of God, and his ognized that we stand firmly for cause of the importance of our

righteousness;..."(Matt. 6:33.) that which God has revealed. work in this the last dispensation of

The Savior himself placed the kingThe Lord has counseled that we God's providence to man, that we dom of God first, and in placing should be interested in good, wise, should give our full devotion and it first he so lived, he so acted, he and honest men for public office. our full effort in spreading the

so accomplished, setting a wonderHe has not tied us to any political gospel message of peace and salvaful example to all of us to give our organization. Those who seek pubtion to all people throughout all the

allegiance first to the Church and lic office must affiliate themselves world. This is the responsibility of

kingdom of our God. with one of the two national politithe latterday kingdom of our God

The Apostle Paul said, "For I cal parties, but that doesn't mean as I understand it to be.

am not ashamed of the gospel of one must go along one hundred Again, we cannot afford to diChrist: for it is the power of God percent with a political organizavide our attention and our alleunto salvation...."(Rom. 1:16.) tion or party if it is not promoting giance between the things of man

Brothers and sisters, we should that which is right and best in and the things of God. Sometimes

never be ashamed of the Church. policy, principle, or standard for if we do so it comes in conflict, and

It is the greatest thing we have in the people it seeks to represent. then it's a matter of choosing, and

life. There isn't anything to comThe Lord has stated that the unless we are strongly grounded

pare with it. I am sure we are not Constitution of this great land in the faith, we might choose unashamed of the gospel, for, like the should be upheld. I've often thought wisely. Our path of safety, my

Apostle Paul, we know that it is that there isn't much difference brethren and sisters, is in this the power of God unto salvation. really between the Constitution of Church of our Lord.

And if we are not ashamed of it, this land and the Ten CommandNow, this leads to another then we should not be ashamed to ments the Lord gave Moses, bethought which was expressed by teach it. And if we are not ashamed cause both are given of God. The President David O. McKay in one

to teach it, we should not be Ten Commandments through the of the recent general conferences ashamed to live it. The power of centuries have not been changed, of the Church, that we should work

our example is our most effective and I think the Lord doesn't infor the glory of God in our perteaching tool. If people see what tend to change the Constitution unsonal lives. Our Savior is the great

the benefits of the gospel have done til Christ returns again and the example to us in this respect, for for us in our lives, they will desire kingdoms of this world become the he came, he said, not to do to enjoy the same opportunities, the kingdom of our God, and Christ "... mine own will, but the will

same blessings that you and I enshall rule over them. of the Father which hath sent me."

joy. And then in so living we make I think we cannot divide our (John 5:30.) At the age of twelve

ourselves worthy for the blessings attention between the orders and he was found by his parents in the of God's temples, where we can societies of men because the work temple asking and answering quesprepare ourselves for eternal glory, of the kingdom is too important tions of the learned. When he came

FEBRUARY 1B65 133 to John the Baptist to be baptized Again he honored and glorified his then God in turn will glorify us as of him, he glorified his Heavenly Father. When he broke the bands he glorified his Beloved Son, our

Father by obedience to this gospel of death and came forth from the Savior. I reemphasize, brothers

ordinance. After he received this tomb and was received up into the and sisters, that our first allegiance

sacred ordinance of the gospel, heavens, God honored him by placis to the Church. We work to

which he did in order to fulfil all ing him upon his right hand and glorify God in our personal lives by righteousness, the heavens were gave him all power and dominion. doing the things that our Heavenly

opened, and a voice declared, "This Our Savior, therefore, is our great Father would have us do, even as is my beloved Son, in whom I am and true example, brothers and Christ glorified his Father in his well pleased."(Matt. 3:17.) sisters, as we work toward the glory personal life.

Later he was tempted of Satan, of God in our personal lives. To me This is our great responsibility.

and Satan offered him the kingthis dedication to duty and purThis gospel is to be preached in all doms of the world and all the glory poses ties in effectively with the the world as a witness unto all naof them if he would just bow down Christ's statement, "... seek ye first tions, and then the end shall

and worship him. This our Lord the kingdom of God, and his rightcome. This Church has the rerefused to do; he realized the imeousness;..."(Matt. 6:33), meansponsibility of preparing the people

portance of his mission, the work ing our first allegiance is to The of the Church and of the world for that his Father had given him to Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthe glorious second coming of our do, and having that knowledge and day Saints. Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Here

that faith, he resisted the tempta- I think of the parable of the vine in the temples the lessons of life tion, and God honored him by sendwhich the Savior gave; there isn't are taught us. We understand the

ing angels to minister unto him. time to review it, except to quote will and purpose of God. We know

The Lord honored him again what the Savior said, that "... He what is expected of us. It is imporwhen Peter, James, and John went that abideth in me, and I in him, tant that we return to the temple

with him on the Mount of Transthe same bringeth forth much as often as we can and be refiguration and Moses and Elias fruit:..."(John 15:5) and then minded of the sacred nature of the

appeared to them. And when he ended his parable by saying, "Herecovenants and the obligations we

permitted himself to be crucified in is my Father glorified, that ye have received. They become a

between two thieves, giving his life bear much fruit; so shall ye be my safeguard and a protection to us.

to atone for the sins of man and to disciples."(Ibid., 15:8.) We, thereTherefore, it is important that we

redeem them from the effects of fore, glorify our Heavenly Father refresh our memories and keep bethe fall, with hope of salvation and by bringing forth good fruits. We fore us always the sacred nature of

exaltation, he fulfilled worthily cannot glorify ourselves, but in these covenants and obligations. I

this assignment of his Father. He glorifying God by doing his will, bear witness to the truth of these

permitted man to take his life when keeping his commandments, and things and do it in the name of he had the power to prevent it. proving ourselves faithful and true, Jesus Christ. Amen.

"ACCEPTO LORD,OUR OFFERING OF THIS HOUSE "SPENCER W. KIMBALL

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

# President McKay and beloved one years when I came into his As the choirs have sung in each brothers and sisters: For twentyoffice, frightened, apprehensive, session, "may our offering by him

one years now I have been under and in awe; and as we stood tobe accepted,"I thought how sad

the influence of this great prophet gether in his room and as he gently and terrifying it would be should who sits with us today. I have been laid his hand on my shoulder, he our Lord not be willing to accept

exalted under his personality and told me the story of Thomas and of this offering. Then I remembered

inspired under his prophetic leaderhis doubts and his fear and misback in church history when Presiship, and again now for three days givings. I had come feeling quite dent Brigham Young wrote a letter

we have sat together in this holy totally inadequate for the great to President George A. Smith who

edifice, and I feel to sing again work to which I had just been was then in Washington, DC; this

and again: "We Thank Thee, O called, but when I felt the slight was in 1857, and he said, "The

God, for a Prophet."pressure of his hand on my shoulder bread and cup we have withheld

Yesterday as President McKay and he looked into my eyes and from the Saints for some months to was telling the story of doubting gave me this story of Thomas, it afford them space and time for

Thomas, it took me back twentygave me courage. repentance, restitution and when

134 THE IMPROVEMENT EPA ready for a renewal of their covegood counsel unto this people. and fish ponds. But we shall not

nants."Suppose he should withhold Have this people ever seen the day see them here, at present."(JD, 1,

from us our privileges—Sacrament when the counsel of God's servants 113; also Discourses of Brigham

meetings, stake conferences, the has not been sufficient to guide Young, p. 410. ) This temple has A

Sacrament itself, our assemblies. them in the midst of difficulties? tower in the center. It is to the

Suppose he would not permit us to No; we never have. There has not President to receive the revelation

open these temples. Sometimes we been a single minute that this for the construction of a temple.

appreciate our blessings by our people has been left without the It is for the people to build the deprivations. When we hear exvoice of God; there has not been a temple, and then it is for the people

communicahts beg and plead for single rriinute since this Church was to dwell in and work in the temple the return Of privileges of partaking founded to this time that the power of the Lord.

the bread and water, of wearing the of God has hot been plainly maniIt is necessary, of course, that we garments, of attending their meetfested in our midst...."(Ibid., be worthy to come into the temple.

ings, and of asking and answering p. 332.) And revelation, of course, And one of my favorite series of

questions, even, in the assemblies dispels the mysteries and clears scriptures I should like briefly to of the Saints* then we begin to realthem up. mention here. After John had had

ize, perhaps, the great blessings As the brethren in previous seshis marvelous revelation and had that we do enjoy. sions have talked about the Taberseen the Savior, then he carried

It is comforting to have the nacle in the wilderness and temples forward with a plea to all of us prophet of the Lord ahead of us, at various times, I was reminded in ancient and modern days, and leading us with the light of revelathat the Lord did accept those he said, "... To him that overcomtion which dispels darkness. The edifices. The one in the wilderness eth will I give to eat of the tree of

Prophet Amos said, had been covered by a cloud in the life, which is in the midst of the "Behold, the days come, saith the day and fire by night "and the glory paradise of God."(Rev. 2:7.)

Lord God, that I will seiid a famine of the Lord filled the tabernacle."Again, "He that overcometh shall

in the land, not a famine of bread, (See Exod. 40:3435, 38.) And then not be hurt of the second death."

nor a thirst for water, but of hearagain in later days, the Lord said, (Ibid., 2:11.)

ing the words df the Lord; "I have hallowed this house, which "To him that overcometh will I

"And they shall wander from sea thou hast built, to put my name give to eat of the hidden manna, to sea, and from the north even there for ever; and mine eyes and and will give him a white stone,

unto the east, they shall run to and mine heart shall be there perand in the stone a new name writfro to seek the word of the Lord, petually."(1 Kings 9:3.) ten, which no man knoweth saving

and shall not find it."(Amos 8:11And then he said, "Let the hearts he that receiveth it."(Ibid., 2:17.)

12.) of your brethren rejoice, and let And again "... he that overcomThen the Prophet Isaiah said, as the hearts of all my people rejoice, eth, and keepeth my works unto the

he envisioned this loss of prophetib who have, with their might, built end, to him will I give power over leadership, "We grope for the wall this house to my name. the nations:

like the blind, and we grope as if "For behold, I have accepted this "And he shall rule them with a we had no eyes: we stumble at house, and my name shall be here; rod of iron;...

noon day, as in the night; we are..."(D&C 110:6-7) and that was "And I will give him the morning

in desolate places as dead men."the Rutland Temple. And then I star."(Ibid., 2:2628.)

(Isa. 59:10.) Then I realized how noted that each temple in its turn "He that overcometh, the same

you and I are so blessed in this was received by the Lord. shall be clothed in white raiment;

glorious day, so greatly blessed to En route to this temple, which and I will not blot out his name have the light of the gospel and inhas been this week dedicated, I out of the book of life, but I will spired leadership which is not defound this little statement from confess his name before my Father, ceived nor led astray. We have the Brigham Young in which he said, and before his angels."(Ibid., 3:5.

revelations of God, and they are speaking of the Salt Lake Temple: He said to the people of Sardis,

constant. "I have not inquired what kind of "Thou hast a few names even in

In a statement of one of the early a Temple we should build. Why? Sardis which have not defiled their

brethren, he said that: Because it was represented before garments; and they shall walk with

"Some have deceived themselves me. I have never looked upon that me in white: for they are worthy."

with the idea that because revelaground, but the vision of it was (Ibid., 3:4.)

tions have not been written and there. I see it as plainly as if it was "Him that overcometh will I

will say,published, in reality before therefore there... I has me, been make a pillar in the temple of my six it will thata lessening of the however, have of power Church

God, and he shall go no more out:of Christ. This is a very great mistowers, to begin with, instead of

take...."(GeOrge Q. Cannon, one. Now do not any of you apostaand I will write upon him the name

Gospel Truths, p. 328. tize because it will have six towers, of my God, and the name of the city

And again he said and Joseph only built one. It is of my God, which is new Jerusalem,

"Read the discourses of the First easier for us to build sixteen, than which cometh down out of heaven

Presidency and the Twelve, and it was for him to build one. The from my God: and I will write

you will see that they are filled time will come when there will be upon him my new name."(Ibid.,

with revelation, with light, with one in the center of Temples we 3:12.)

knowledge/Avith wisdom, and with shall build, and, on the top, groves Brothers and sisters, may we folFEBRUARY 1965 13S low the leadership in this Church. which they have been built. I bear one will ever miss any privilege or

May we be grateful for the inmy testimony of the divinity of the blessing for which he keeps himspired, prophetic leadership we calling of this great Prophet who self worthy and as he complies with have, and may we live worthily so sits behind me and of the divinity all requirements. I bear my testithat we may enter this and all the of this, the work of the Lord Jesus mony in the name of Jesus Christ.

other temples to do the work for Christ, and of the assurance that no Amen.

IN THIS

HOLY THOMAS HOUSES. MONSON

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

President McKay, my heart is full lawns and shrubs which adorn the prompted our forefathers in obedias I stand before you. This day, my grounds, and the lofty spires thrustence to God's command to give of

brothers and. sisters, I feel increasing upward to the heavens. But to their meager substance,.the earnest

ingly my dependence upon the those assembled here today, who labor of their hands, and in some

Lord. This is a most sacred and know and appreciate the true purinstances the sacrifice of their lives

solemn occasion. pose of the temple, we could say that the Lord's house might be

Gracing the entrance to the harto the world, "That famous Statue properly built. It was so at Kirtbor of New York there stands a of Liberty which marks the enland, at Nauvoo, and at Salt Lake

massive statue of copper and iron, trance to America's Atlantic port City where forty years were re- a gift from the people of France. may depict and symbolize the opquired in the building of the temThe statue is a famous lady, a portunities and blessings of this ple. It has been so elsewhere. When

torch held aloft in her right arm, life, whereas this holy house brings we truly appreciate the spirit of the a tablet securely held in her left. the hope of eternal opportunities, pioneers, we desire to pattern our

Her name is Liberty. Through the eternal blessings, and eternal life."lives after their noble example.

years, she has beckoned to many True followers of the Savior, Would we like to be pioneers?

hundreds of thousands of human those who really love him and keep Would we desire to leave such a souls and held out to them a promhis commandments, are vitally conrich heritage to our posterity? Webise of opportunity, the blessing of cerned with eternity and eternal ster defines a pioneer as "one who

a new beginning, the vision of a things. As Paul declared to the goes before, showing others the

new life. Corinthians: "If in this life only we way to follow."When we worthily

Inspired by this sight, the Amerihave hope in Christ, we are of all come into the house of God and can writer Emma Lazarus wrote men most miserable."(1 Cor. 15: here receive our endowments and

the immortal lines which are now 19.) sealing blessings, and when we

emblazoned on a stone tablet at the In this holy house, which by come here regularly to perform the main entrance to the Statue of revelation must be "... a house of work for our kindred dead, we beLiberty. prayer, a house of fasting, a house come pioneers, because we literally

of faith, a house of learning, a go before our children and show "Give me your tired, your poor, house of glory, a house of order, them the way to follow.

Your huddled masses yearning to [and] a house of God"; (D&C 88: As Latterday Saints a great deal

breathe free, 119) two twin eternal principles go is expected of us. Marriage after

The wretched refuse of your teemhand in hand—temple work for the way of man might be satising shore. one's self and temple work for one's factory to the world, but not to

Send these, the homeless, tempestkindred dead. Latterday Saints, for the Lord told

tossed to me, A meaningful appreciation for the Prophet Joseph, "For of him

I lift my lamp beside the golden these principles of temple work can unto whom much is given much is door!"("The New Colossus.") best be taught in the family circle. required; and he who sins against

Our homes are the laboratories of the greater light shall receive the

Today, on this side of the conour lives; what we do there degreater condemnation....

tinent, within sight of the entrance termines the course of our lives. "I, the Lord, am bound when ye

to America's greatest Pacific port, Despite all new inventions, modern do what I say; but when ye do not

there stands completed and dedidesigns, fads, and fetishes, no.one what I say, ye have no promise."

cated a lamp beside the Golden has yet invented or will ever invent (Ibid., 82:3,10.)

Gate. The world will refer to this a satisfying substitute for one's How I hope that all of our young

imposing edifice as the Oakland own family. people will come to a realization

Temple of The Church of Jesus Within the sanctity of the family that this is the place where they

Christ of Latterday Saints. People circle, we can effectively develop should marry. When we truly

will marvel at the beauty of this an understanding and an insight understand and appreciate the purstately building, the wellmanicured into the faith and devotion which pose for which temples are built,

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we will not want to be deprived of there will be quickened within each pel to them, so is Hyrum Smith, so the blessing of coming herein. family member a desire to make is Brigham Young, and so are all of

When our family units are blessed available these same blessings to the faithful apostles that lived in by eternal covenants, we can avoid our loved ones who have gone this dispensation under the adminthe pitfalls and the quicksands that beyond. We will come to say with istration of the Prophet Joseph."

bring to ruin many marriages, for George Eliot, "I desire no future (MIA Conference, June 5, 1910;

temple marriage, eternal marriage, that would break the ties of the The Improvement Era, 13:1058.)

is based on true love. past for heaven would not be And as we here perform the vital

Our lives will have some days heaven without family and friends."ordinance work for our departed

that will be glorious, full of hope President Joseph F. Smith adloved ones, President Smith said,

and opportunity, and others, pervised the Latterday Saints, "This "Through our efforts in their behalf haps, that may be dismal and filled gospel revealed to the Prophet their chains of bondage will fall with discouragement. But through Joseph is already being preached from them, and the darkness surit all there is no need for anyone of to the spirits in prison, to those who rounding them will clear away, that

us to lose his way. have passed away from this stage light may shine upon them and they

Recently I was reading an acof action into the spirit world withshall hear in the spirit world of the count of Francis Chichester and out the knowledge of the gospel. work that has been done for them

his crossing of the Atlantic Ocean Joseph Smith is preaching that gosby their children here, and will rein mid 1962. He was all alone in joice with you in your performance

his 28foot sailboat, and all around of these duties."(Conference Rehim the sea met the sky in an unport, October 1916, p. 6.)

marked horizon. But he was not This vicarious work must be carAT OAKLANDlost. forth ried spirit in the compass. His course of same He had a

8. D1LWORTH YOUNG selfless devotion sacrifice overBY charted. that stars were and Thewas

head. characterized the life of the Master.

The holy endowment that we reTemples are for the faithful, It becomes easier for us to do our ceive in this temple or in the other The believing. individual parts in this vital work

temples can well be the compass This one stands to serve the bewhen we remember that "... God

for our lives. Our course, our lieving, so loved the world, that he gave

eternal course is charted by the his only begotten Son, that whososcriptures and the voice and inspiraAnd the faithful. ever believeth in him should not

tion that have come and continue perish, but have everlasting life."

to come from the heavens to God's Think now of the unnumbered dead (John 3:16.)

WaitingAs we leave this beautiful templeprophets and, in answer to humble personal and family prayer, will Waiting for their children today, and each time we gaze upon children's children, Or their house, this holy to eternal ourever guide us back may we be refor generations of the eternal part. Or opportunities of children. minded ourhome. do but We need

However, that ancient principle is which are found inside, not only for

Long gone is time, ourselves, but also for our dead.still true that nothing can be had

for nothing. All blessings are prediAnd some have waited longLet us be mindful that decisions

waiting now. Are pertaining to the are eternal to law. temple obediencecated "For on

this see They eternal temple from their decisions will with at consequences. have a blessingall who my spirit world;

hands,"sayeth the Lord, "shall abide In one of Christopher Marlowe's the law which was appointed for They see their children walking in plays, The Tragical History of Dr.

that blessing, and the conditions the dark. Faustus, there is portrayed an indilong, "Howthereof, as were instituted from O Lord,"they seem vidual, Dr. Faustus, who chose to

to say, thebefore (Ibid., foundation of the world.""The time is long—long gone—ignoreof Satan.GodAtandthe followend ofthehispathwaywicked 132.5.)

Yet today, in the very shadows of Since Malachi declared those fatelife and facing the frustration of our temples, many of our young ful words."opportunities lost and punishment

certain to failing Saints areLatterday come, he lamented, then, is our part? to What,

is I a searing marriage. "There anguish morechoose temple am afraid children the To seek of those waitexile than of fire—eternal in the flaming are caughtthat them some ones. ing

whirlpool of status seeking. While from God."teach them, them, To find

sisters, just as stately carsfathers drive and and My brothers to the Bring fold them exile of Christ, eternal to is the frommothers most open their homes God is. it work adWhose

life searing eternal their so anguish, inspection, in losemiring some sons and their daughters, for chilThis done, the presence of God is our most dren learn to judge by the symbols They will find their place, cherished goal.

Ipeople display rather than people's They will enter here, With all my heart and soul individual worth. And link by link pray that we might persevere in the

An appreciation for the temple Forge everlasting bonds pursuit of this most precious prize, endowment and the sealing ordiAnd thus release to life—in the name of Jesus Christ of

nances will bring the members of To everlasting life—Nazareth, our Savior, our Redeemer

our families closer together, and Their kindred dead. whom we serve. Amen.

FEBRUARY 1963!37

"...THE LORD HATH SPOKEN..."LEGRAND RICHARDS OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Brothers and sisters, I feel humpie, when he made this statement: cept God be with him."(John 3:2.

ble in standing here this day upon "This morning we have assemJesus didn't start on some great this holy and sacred occasion and in bled on one of the most solemn, oration of life. He said, "Except a

your presence and in the presence interesting, joyful, and glorious ocman be born again, he cannot see of our prophet. casions, that ever has transpired, or the kingdom of God."(Ibid., 3:3.)

Each of the brethren who have will transpire among the children And Nicodemus could not underspoken has expressed his gratitude of men, while the earth continues stand. You remember his statement.

to the Lord that President McKay in its present organization,... an And then the Savior repeated, "Exhas been privileged to be with us occasion which has caused the cept a man be born of water and of

and participate in these dedicatory tongues and pens of Prophets to the Spirit, he cannot enter into the services. I am sure that each of us speak and write for many scores of kingdom of God."(Ibid., 3:5.)

has had a prayer in his heart for centuries which are past."( MillenAnd then Nicodemus couldn't

a long time that he would have this nial Star, July 16, 1853, p. 450.) understand, and Jesus said, ".. We

privilege, and the Lord has magniWhat a statement, when we stop speak that we do know, and testify fied him, and for that we thank to analyze it. that we have seen; and ye receive

him. Then think of the words of the not our witness.

I feel to extend my congratulaprophets such as Isaiah. Imagine "If I have told you earthly things,

tions to all of you good people and the Lord letting Isaiah look down and ye believe not, how shall ye those whom we have met prior to through the stream of time over believe, if I tell you of heavenly this session and those who will three thousand years to see the latthings?"(Ibid., 3:1112.)

follow for your contributions to the ter days, and you remember he The entrance into the kingdom is erection of this magnificent edifice said: what Jesus described as the earthly

to our Father in heaven. "And it shall come to pass in the things, being born again of the

I think of the words of the last days, that the mountain of the water and of the Spirit; and here in

Psalmist; all of the prophets have Lord's house shall be established these holy temples we learn of the

seen our day, and in the fiftieth in the top of the mountains,... "heavenly things"that have been

Psalm we read these words: and all nations shall flow unto it. revealed to contribute to our ex-

"The mighty God, even the Lord, "And many people shall go and altation. You recall when the Aposhath spoken, and called the earth say, Come ye, and let us go up to tle Paul was caught up into the

from the rising of the sun unto the the mountain of the Lord, to the third heaven and the paradise of going down thereof. house of the God of Jacob; and he God, he was not permitted to write

"Out of Zion, the perfection of will teach us of his ways, and we the things that he saw, but he did beauty, God hath shined."(Psalm will walk in his paths:..."(Isa. say, "Eye hath not seen, nor ear

50:1-2.) 2:2-3.) heard, neither have entered into the

Brother Monson has indicated Now, I think the temple in Salt heart of man, the things which God the impression that this building Lake City is "the mountain of hath prepared for them that love will make upon the minds of the the Lord's house"referred to by him."(1 Cor. 2:9.)

people. Just think of the hundreds Isaiah, and all these other temples No man can conceive here in

of thousands who have been here to that have been added since and mortality what God has prepared inspect it. Think of the millions those that will be added are but an for those who love him, and in his

who have been to the church exexpansion of the work that this holy temples are the places in which hibit at the New York World's Fair. great prophet must have seen we learn of the heavenly things that

The attitudes of people are changwould cause men to gather from all will prepare us to enter into that ing. "Out of Zion, the perfection of over the world to the holy temple, third heaven that Paul spoke of,

beauty,"God is shining to the the house of the God of Jacob, for and it is a marvelous thing when world in the accomplishments of his the blessing they might receive in you think of how broad the gospel people and in such things as the that temple. plan is.

building of these holy temples and Remember when Nicodemus Jesus, remember, said that the great work of our missionaries. came to Jesus by night and said, "... The hour is coming, and now

I think of the words of President "... we know that thou art... is, when the dead shall hear the

Brigham Young at the laying of the come from God: for no man can do voice of the Son of God: and they

cornerstone of the Salt Lake Temthese miracles that thou doest, exthat hear shall live."(John 5:25.)

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And then he goes on, "Marvel not my pocket that is to me a miracle. little city of Veendam, about 60,000

at this: for the hour is coming, in See that little film. On that film is people at that time, and the same

the which all that are in the graves the entire Bible, over twelve huninspiration that led him and his shall hear his voice, dred pages. Think of what that companion to the very house where

"And shall come forth;..."means in this great microfilming he found that record. He died over

(Ibid., 5:2829.) program of the Church to gather there with smallpox.

And so the plan is not just for together all the records of the world I was present at his burial, and this life, it is for the other as well. where we can put them away in our the city was going to burn the book.

Remember what Paul said, that the libraries, and then by blowing them The district president said, "If you

Lord had revealed "... the mystery up, we can read everything that is do, it will cost you $500."They said

of his will,... on them. It is a marvelous work and no book is worth that much, but

"That in the dispensation of the wonder. they fumigated it page by page in

fulness of times [and we are priviNow, I like also to think of how order that the work could be done, leged to live in that dispensation] marvelously the Lord has moved and the book is in the hands of the that he might gather together in upon the hearts of the children of family. I could tell you more about

one all things in Christ, both which men all over this world since Elijah that, but there isn't time.

are in heaven and which are on came to turn the hearts of the When I went on a short term earth; even in him."(Eph. 1:9-10.) fathers to the children and the mission back in the East a few years

There has never been a program hearts of the children to the fathers, ago, one of my companions out of that we know of, no other church in to gather genealogy and to write Idaho was set apart for his mission the world has a program, to unite records. We are told that at that by my father, and among other

all that is in the heavens above with time there were no genealogical things Father told him that he that which is here upon this earth. associations and libraries except would not only do a great work for

No wonder President Young made for royal families, and now records the living, but that he would also a statement like this. He said that are being written by the thousands do a great work in gathering genehe had studied the gospel for and the hundreds of thousands, and alogy of his father's people. Now

twentyone years as he had traveled many of us have had our own perthat was a statement to make, by day and by night, by land and sonal experiences. I would like to wasn't it? And after we had been

by sea, as religiously as any man relate a few that have come to my there a little while, we had a storm ever studied any branch of science. attention.—and it surely does know how to

He said he had only got to the When I went on my first mission storm back there. I said, "I guess

ABC's. No wonder we have so to Holland, there were three of us we'd better go in the library and see

much that the world knows not who went to that land—a brother what we can find about your faof, and I thank God for it. from up in Idaho and one from ther's people."We found a book

Now in these dedicatory services, Spanish Fork, Utah—we landed in there with thousands of names in it

our worthy President has expressed Rotterdam. One of them was sent that had been gathered. His name

the thought that there are unseen up to the north, and I'll talk of him was Wadsworth and went back into visitors here—the prophets who because he had a German name and the Longfellow family. Then we

have lived in this dispensation, when he was called to go to Holwent up into Boston to try to find a maybe our loved ones. And he has land his people were disappointed, copy. The publishing house had

indicated that the veil might be feeling that he ought to go to gone out of business. We went to a

very thin, and I want to bear my Germany where he could look up secondhand bookstore with high testimony to you that I think the the genealogy of his father's people. walls and a ladder running along it.

unseen powers that are operating And when he arrived in the northThe owner said, "I believe I have in this world to help to bring about ern part of Holland, what we call one of those books."He crawled up

the fulfilment of the Lord's promGroningen, he was sent out into the the ladder, brought the book down, ises are far beyond our ability to little city of Veendam, and he and dusted it off, and for twenty dollars comprehend and understand. The his companion went looking for a this boy got a record of his people

old prophets said that in the latter place to live—furnished rooms. This with thousands of names. Do you

days the Lord would pour out his young man said to his companion, think that those things are just acciSpirit upon all flesh and the young "This looks like a nice place; let's dental or just happen?

men should see visions and the old go in here."And after he had been Under the inspiration of the

men should dream dreams. (See there a few weeks, he found that Almighty, we brought in a new

Joel 2:28.) And so think of what a record of his father's people had convert down in the South while I

has happened since the Father and been brought across the border out was there. He went into the library

the Son appeared to the Prophet of Germany, and the father's family in Jacksonville to look up the record

Joseph Smith by the pouring out of never knew that their people had of his people. He found a book that

his Spirit upon all flesh in order to ever been in Holland. Think of the had been published by a judge in

bring about his purposes so that we inspiration of God that led the Texas by his name. The foreword

could do the things that we do now. President to send that boy to Holsaid: "This book has been pubThink of our means of travel, our land, and the inspiration that lished at great expense and time on

means of communication—these guided the president of the mission the part of myself and my wife, and

microphones here that carry the to send him up into the north, and why we have done it we do not voice and now carry it all over the the inspiration that guided the disknow, but we trust that in the proworld. I have a little thing here in trict president to send him to the vidence of the Almighty that it may

FEBRUARY 1965 139 sometime serve a useful purpose."men as my cousin Stephen L Richyet they couldn't get anything to

When I was president of the ards; and then as President Joseph eat. And right outside of that prison

stake in Los Angeles, we had a Fielding Smith said in his talk here is where two of the DeWitt brothmeeting of our stake genealogical the other day, many of them were ers were hanged right before the committee. The chairman of the noble and great men that God people for no other reason in the

Los Angeles library was there, and raised up as great leaders among world than that they insisted on we talked about gathering genehis people before the gospel was serving God according to the dicalogy. He said, "I don't know what here, who will be waiting to have tates of their consciences.

it is. I have spent thousands of doltheir temple work done for them. We have been in the old home

lars gathering genealogy of my I have one other thought I would town in Holland of our Pilgrim people. I have my vaults full of like to leave with you. Over in Fathers before they came to this

parchments and records."He said, Holland we had the old prison in land that they might worship God

"I don't know what good they will The Hague, and there the Dutch according to the dictates of thenever be, but I have a mania to do people fought an eightyear war to own consciences.

that,"and I took the privilege of free themselves from the shackles of Isn't it wonderful that the Lord explaining to him that someday he the dominant church, and many has made provision that the temple would realize that he had been a of them were put to death because work can be done vicariously for partner with Elijah the prophet of their faith. They had all kinds of such faithful people who showed

and he hadn't known how much his instruments of torture. The persesuch great love for the Lord, and

influence had spread over this earth cutors would stand them up and let that, as the prophet of old has and had moved upon him. cold water drip on their heads until indicated, we can become saviors

I met a man in Portland, Oregon, they would just go crazy. They upon Mount Zion.

who had traveled all over the would put them on a rack and What will it mean when we stand

United States gathering genealogy break their arms and legs or put in the presence of our loved ones of his people. He said, "Why I have them over a rack and then turn the and know that we have been

done it I do not know."wheel that would pull their bodies privileged to be saviors unto

We have a record prepared by apart. They had a steel plate that them?

tr>e Richards family back in the they would make red hot and force May God help you now to realize

East containing pictures of our the people to walk over it barewhat this building means to each grandfathers and thousands of footed. If it didn't burn their feet, of you who have contributed to it,

names they have gathered, and then they were innocent. Then that you may come often, that you

you can read the history of these others were condemned to die by may get the dividends'on your inmen and their genealogy and what starvation. They were placed in a vestment; and may God bless you

they have accomplished. Many of room with pipes running from the for all you have done, I pray and

them were ministers, and I have kitchen where they could get all of leave you my blessing in the name compared them at times with such the fumes from the cooking, and of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

THE OAKLANDTEMPLE CULMINATION OF HISTORY HOWARD W. HUNTER

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

It is humbling and I might say and the Nauvoo Temple, and... dropped anchor in this bay, the

frightening to stand in this holy the early Saints, those who crossed Mormon Battalion, the second place and raise one's voice in the the great American desert and group which came to California, presence of the prophet of the Lord came to the West. Before Brigham commenced its great march of

and before you, nw brothers and Young and that first party of Saints twentyone hundred miles from sisters. President McKay called our entered into the valley of the Salt Council Bluffs to San Diego. After

attention to the fact that there are Lake, there were already two comcoming up the coast and stopping many unseen guests with us on this panies of Mormons on the West to establish Fort Moore, the milioccasion. He referred to former Coast, here in California. tary garrison overlooking the sleepy

Presidents of the Church and others The first group came around the little pueblo of Los Angeles, a conwho are not now with us in morHorn and landed at Yerba Buena, tingent of men from the battalion tality, but whose presence is felt. just a short distance from where was sent into the San Bernardino

We have been reminded of the we are seated today, and withMountains to cut and trim a great building of the Kirtland Temple in twentyfour hours after they tree. They brought it back, planted

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it in the ground on Fort Moore Hill, day, sending a letter to my brother sengers. AH were members of the

and raised the first American flag Orson, directing him to call a conChurch except four: the captain,

over that pueblo. No other march ference of all the Saints in your the cook, a stewardess, and one

in the annals of military history mission, to lay before them the plan other person. In addition to the

equals that of the Mormon Batto emigrate by water from New personal effects of the passengers, talion. Colonel Philip St. George York."(Leo J. Muir, A Century of the cargo consisted of tools and

Cook presented the battalion to Mormon Activities in California, equipment to set up enterprises. A

General Kearney in Los Angeles 1,30.) printing press and supplies, two

by making the statement, "Bona- A conference was held in New sawmills, a gristmill, farm maparte crossed the Alps, but these York on the second Saturday in chinery and implements, blackmen have crossed a continent."November in 1845 in which Orson smithing tools, tools for carpenters

(Daniel Tyler, A Concise History Pratt talked to the Saints. He said, and millwrights, turning lathes, sawof the Mormon Battalion in the "I grieve to leave so many loyal mill iron, nails, glass, and many

Mexican War, pp. 281282.) workers that I have learned to love building materials were put on

We read in history with great and depend on, but I must go home board. In addition to all these

interest the voyage of Columbus [that is, back to Nauvoo where he things, there was seed for planting, across the Atlantic, which took lived] to prepare our people and textbooks for schools, library books, seventyone days, also the history especially my own family for the two milk cows, forty pigs, and of the Pilgrims who brought 128 long trek over the Great Plains several crates of fowl.

colonists to the shores of this counwhich now faces us. We must leave The very day the Brooklyn sailed

try, but this occasion today reminds by the first of February, in the from New York harbor, the Nauvoo us of those Saints who went around dead of winter, Governor Ford [of Saints commenced their crossing two continents, a voyage requiring Illinois] tells us. I want to warn over the Mississippi River. It is

much more time and greater disthe poor among you here not to interesting that these two events tance than either Columbus or the try to go to Nauvoo with the idea in should take place on the very same

Pilgrims. It took them 178 days, just mind that the church will outfit you day. The voyage of the Saints on

six days short of six months to make for the westward journey. The the Brooklyn is a thrilling and fascitheir great voyage. This first Morchurch cannot help you. Already nating story of people with a great

mon migration to California had its we have more destitute there than religious purpose. Their journey,

beginning in New York at the time we can take care of. To the rest of five or six times as long as the

when the body of the Church was you I want to say that if you have journey of the pilgrim fathers, is in Nauvoo, Illinois. The Saints on enough means to buy horses, wagunique in the history of the United

the eastern seaboard wanted to join ons, tents, equipment and food States. It is the longest voyage ever

the Saints in Nauvoo, but finances enough to get you to Nauvoo, then taken by a body of religious zealots did not permit them to do so. It you will have more than enough to in quest of a new homeland. Their

was finally decided to try the water pay your passage by water to the story is much the same as that route to the Pacific. west coast and it will be an easier of those brave souls who crossed

Parley P. Pratt wrote a letter in journey. Besides, those of you who the plains under great hardship.

November 1845 to Samuel Brannan go by ship can carry heavy maThere were births and deaths, in which he said, "Our Apostles, chinery, tons of seeds, and every and there was happiness and sickassembled in meeting, have demanner of thing necessary to build ness, but in all a great spirituality.

bated the best method of getting all up a new commonwealth, whereas In the latter part of April the ship our people into the far west with we who go by land can take little rounded Cape Horn and turned the least possible hardship. We with us. Brother Brannan is looking northward into the Pacific. It

have read Hastings'Account of for a ship, although he has not stopped at the Juan Fernandez

California and Fremont's Journal found a satisfactory one yet. He will Islands and then continued on to

of Explorations in the West, and we have one, we hope, very soon and the Sandwich Islands, landing in have concluded that the Great we have therefore set the tentative Honolulu on the 20th of June. After

Basin in the top of the Rocky sailing date from New York City ten days she set sailagain and on

Mountains, where lies the Great for about the middle of January July 31, 1846, came into Yerba

Salt Lake, is the proper place for next. If a hundred and fifty pasBuena harbor which we overlook

us. Fremont visited this place, and sengers can be obtained, Brother today.

he says that the soil is fertile Brannan can charter a vessel on There were other parties which and traversed by many mountain that basis and your fare will be had migrated into California ahead streams. This will make it possible practically nothing and the voyage of the ship Brooklyn, but it was

to irrigate during the times of will not take more than four or five said that this group of Mormons drought. And so, it looks as if we months. Brethren, Awake! Be dewas the first AngloAmerican

will head for the mountains where termined to get out from this evil colonists to come to California by

Joseph so longingly turned his eyes nation before next spring."( Idem. ) water. This handful of people more

during his life. I enclose to you a The ship Brooklyn was located than doubled the population of

letter of instruction from the Aposand arrangements were made with Yerba Buena. The following Suntles, authorizing you to lead the her owner to outfit the freighter for day on August 8th the Mormons

group of Saints in its exodus from this long contemplated voyage. The began holding church services at

New York City and the Atlantic Brooklyn set sail from New York Casa Grande, the large white house seaboard. Brother Brigham is, this on February 4, 1846, with 239 pasthat Brannan had rented for his

FEBRUARY 1965 141 family. This is said to be the first heritance in our midst: and if any consider genealogical research and

nonCatholic church service ever emigrants should arrive upon the temple work. I was greatly imheld in San Francisco. Western shores, let no one discourpressed by the challenge of PresiThe little outpost of Yerba Buena age them from coming to this place, dent Tanner that we spend at least

has since become the great metropoif they wish to do so; not that we one day each month in the temple

lis of San Francisco, but its early wish to depopulate California of all for our edification and blessing.

history is interwoven with the acthe Saints, but that we wish to He also called attention to the fact tivities of those early Mormon make this a stronghold, a rallying that we should be doing our own

Saints. The historian Bancroft wrote point, a more immediate gathering research. It is to this second part

an interesting paragraph in his hisplace than any other."Then he that I wish to call attention. We

tory of California, saying, "Thus used the words President McKay are blessed by attending the

San Francisco became for a time mentioned in his opening address temple service, but the whole blessvery largely a 'Mormon'town. All and referred to as prophecy: "... ing comes from Our own research

bear witness to the orderly and and from hence let the word go coupled with it.

moral conduct of the saints, both out and in the process of time the The Genealogical Society of the on land and sea. They were honest shores of the Pacific may be overChurch would like to extend an

and industrious citizens, even if looked from the Temple of the invitation to every member to make clannish and peculiar."( Hubert H. Lord."(Journal History, August 7, use of its facilities in compiling his

Bancroft, History of California, 5, 1847, p. 10.) Today we overlook records in preparation for the

551.) The Mormons took up much the very place where those Saints temple ordinances so that each will

of the land and building lots in landed and overlook the Pacific as have a feeling of accomplishment

San Francisco and on this side of Brigham Young said it would be as he enters these portals. This

the bay also. John Robbins bought viewed from a temple of the Lord. temple will be a great blessing to

the land south of Market Street in Last Monday at a press conferthis area, and we hope your own

San Francisco and owned the land ence in Oakland, where repregenealogical library in Oakland will on which the great SheratonPalace sentatives of the press services, soon be qualified as a branch

Hotel stands. With his brother he reporters from the daily papers of library of the Genealogical Society

bought a horse from an Australian San Francisco and Oakland and so that your work will go forward ship and set up the first express some television stations were presat a more rapid rate than in the business in San Francisco. John Burr ent, President McKay was quespast. May the work in this temple

built some of the first permanent tioned about this and other temples. never be slowed because of the

houses that were ever built in San When it was explained to them failure to do research.

Francisco. William Evans owned that we had built fifteen temples in I have been thrilled during these

the land at what is now Market and this dispensation, the reporters few days by the testimonies borne

Van Ness and opened a tailor shop. quickly asked, "What are your by my brethren from this podium.

The holdings of Samuel Brannan, plans for the next temple?"Presi- I would like to add my witness to

of course, were fabulous. He pubdent McKay stated, "We have no their witness, that God does live and

lished the first newspaper produced immediate plans at the present showers great blessings upon his in San Francisco. If time would time."children who are faithful. Jesus is

permit, we could trace the story of I took President McKay's statethe Christ, the Son of the Living these early settlers which has had ment to mean that temples are built God, and the work in which we such a great effect upon early Caliwhen there is a need. If we are are engaged is true. The work

fornia history. honest with ourselves, it would be which will be done in this temple

While this company of Saints was hard for us to say that there is a by those who are present today, establishing itself here at Yerba need for temples beyond those joined with many thousands of

Buena on the Pacific Coast, the which have now been built. This others, will bring blessings to countNauvoo Saints were commencing is because of our failure as indiless numbers of people, both to

their great trek across the American viduals and families to pursue our those who enter herein and to those desert. After reaching the valley of genealogical research with diliwho will receive the benefits of that

the Great Salt Lake, Brigham gence. vicarious work. May the Lord bless

Young wrote a letter to the Saints It is hoped that all families will us, give us vision and the deterin California in which he said, "We participate in the Family Home mination to be saviors on Mount have been driven From the habitaEvening program this coming year, Zion, I humbly pray in the name tions of men, and hurled, as it were and that in our family hour we will of Jesus Christ. Amen.

like a stone from a sling, and we have lodged here in this goodly place, surrounded by a munition of rocks, just where the Lord wants his people to gather unto; and we

say unto you all and all the Saints in California, you are in a goodly land; and if you choose to come

to this place, you are at liberty to come, and we shall be happy to receive you, and give you an in142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE TEMPLE IN TERMS OF FAMILY LIFE GEORGE ROMNEY We felt unexpectedly fortunate to President Heber J. Grant placed importance of the family, now and

be able to be here and were rejoicon the Word of Wisdom. As we in the eternities to come. Certainly

ing at the privilege because we take a look at conditions around us this higher concept of the imporhave spent our adult lives on the today with youngsters who barely tance of the family is one of the frontier of the Church, and this is reach their teens forming habits ways that we are helped to be the first opportunity that we've had that will deprive them of full physibetter parents and, hopefully, to to be present on such a glorious cal health and therefore full spirihave better children, and not only occasion. To be asked to say a few tual capacity, it is clear that his is this new concept given, but as

words is certainly overwhelming. message was timely and that it parents we are told in specific

The Bible is clear in its record came ahead of the period of greatterms through modern revelation that God is no respecter of persons. est need. what our obligations are to our

As far as its record goes, it makes We have standing at the head of children.

it clear that through the centuries this Church today a prophet who I think another evidence of the

God revealed through his prophets represents, I think, more than any prophetic calling of President the particular truths that the people other President of the Church, the McKay is this temple and the fact needed in their day and age to ideal family President. I don't bethat in his period of presidency the

deal with the problems with lieve anyone in the history of the world has begun to recognize the which they were confronted. To me Church has placed greater emphaChurch and the Church recognizes

it has seemed illogical to think that sis on the importance of family life that it is a world church and not such a Creator would fail to make than President McKay, and cer- a sectional or nationalistic church.

available to his children at this partainly his whole life is a living This Church is meant for all ticular time in the history of the witness of the importance of the peoples in all places on the earth.

world the knowledge needed to family. As you take a look at the This nation's world leadership

cope with problems far greater and problems of this nation in particuresponsibility came along at about far more complex and difficult than lar and the world in general, there the same time that the Church bethose ever faced before by his chilis nothing more disturbing than the gan to reflect in its activities and its dren. Consequently, it has always breakup of family life and the efforts a broader realization of its

seemed to me in keeping with the huge human and social problems world responsibility. In this age

biblical record that there should be that this is creating. As a matter of of doubt and cynicism and conmodern prophets, and that these fact, the great threats of our age fusion, blessed indeed are we to

modern prophets should not only are not communism within or withhave through modern revelation testify as to what the prophets beout, not atomic warfare, or conscientific truth, political truth, ecofore them have testified to, but tention over control of space. The nomic truth, as well as religious

should make available to us truths great threats to the future of this truth, to help us in selecting those that are needed to help us to face nation and the future of this world principles and means that can enthe problems of our age and our are the declines in religious convicable us to accomplish the goals of time. tion, moral character, and family our Father in heaven and the goals

Now, it has also seemed to me life. Certainly one of the great eviof mankind through the centuries.

that one of the great evidences of dences of the fact that this Church There need be no uncertainty on the prophetic calling of the Presiis led by a prophet today, as it has the part of any of us as to the dents of this Church has been the been previously, is the unusual mission of this Church or as to the fact that each of them has provided emphasis that President McKay has mission of this nation because ahead of the arrival of the condigiven to the importance of the through modern revelation we know tions they envisioned the particular family. Indeed this temple is here that both have a divine mission and

truths and emphasis on the parimportantly because of what it a divine destiny.

ticular principles that we needed to represents in terms of family life This temple is here to enrich emphasize to avoid coming probon this earth and in the world to the spirituality of those who come lems. come. One evidence of the divine here and through them the spiri-

I well remember in my youth character of this Church is the tuality of those who live in this area, how upset many members of this fact that it gives the world at and this enrichment is needed for

Church were at the emphasis that this time a higher concept of the the Church and this nation to realFEBRUARY 1965 143 ize their full purpose. great nation. Unless we can have Jesus the Christ as divine, the Son

On this historic occasion it is my such a revival we may well see our of our Creator.

fervent prayer that this building purpose and our destiny replaced by I want to share with you my conwill always be used by those of us disaster because as we know this naviction as to the truth of these who are members of the Church to tion will be free as long as it acthings, as to the prophetic leaderrealize its full potentialities in enknowledges the Lord of this land, ship of this great Church, as to the riching our family lives here and in Jesus Christ. The world will find vital importance of this temple and

the world to come and that it may peace and the other goals of manall it stands for in the enrichment become a symbol to people throughkind only when mankind generally of spiritual life and family life at out this area of the importance of recognizes that these goals can be our time of great need. I do this in

a revival in good family life in this achieved only by acknowledging the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ETERNAL

ASSURANCES RICHARD L. EVANS

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

My beloved President McKay love and the glorious provision of thought that each morning I awoke and my beloved brethren and sisters: a Loving and Allwise Father for would bring me one day closer to

Many years ago, in the year 1836, his children! the end of all that means the most,

the Prophet Joseph had a glorious Some months ago, Sister Evans to the end of the sweetness of assovision concerning his brother who and I visited Alvin Smith's grave in ciation with our sons and their had passed away—which is well Palmyra in a country churchyard, lovely mother, of an awareness of

known to you and part of which I He died at about the age of twentylife, of self, of the beauty of all should like to recall at this time, five as I recall. We walked over the things and the great, glorious exHe said: graves in that nowabandoned pectancy of the future, I could

"The heavens were opened upon cemetery, looking at the headstones wonder if the Creator knew his us, and I beheld the celestial king-—those that were still decipherable business. I wouldn't plan this way

dom of God, and the glory thereof, Many were weathered and worn for my sons. Blessedly, he hasn't

whether in the body or out I canand not readable. We noted the planned that way for us but has

not tell. I saw the transcendent shortness of life, compared with given us the glorious assurance that

beauty of the gate through which ours, of most of those who lay life and truth and intelligence and the heirs of that kingdom will enter, buried there—infants a few days, a personality and limitless eternal

which was like unto circling flames few hours old; some a few years; opportunity and the sweetness of

of fire; also the blazing throne of many in their teens; many in their association with our loved ones are

God, whereon was seated the twenties. I think in all our walking part of his plan and purpose, which

Father and the Son. I saw the beauover that cemetery, we only noted gives it all such glorious, wonderful

tiful streets of that kingdom, which one or two headstones of anyone meaning.

had the appearance of being paved who had lived past fifty years of Now, of course, there are laws with gold. I saw Fathers Adam and age, and we came, of course, to the and commandments and requireAbraham, and my father and mothconclusion that it isn't the length of ments: baptism is one; the temple

er, my brother, Alvin, that has life in mortality that matters so endowment is another. Some would

long since slept, and marvelled how much, but the readiness that matquestion these; some would think

it was that he had obtained an inters very much, and the everlasting they are not so important; some

heritance in that kingdom, seeing assurances that a Loving Father would postpone them. But there

that he had departed this life has given. are causes and consequences in all

before the Lord had set His hand There are meetings and partings things. We choose one way, and we

to gather Israel the second time, for all of us. We come into the realize one result. We choose anand had not been baptized for the world alone. Either we leave our other way, and we realize another

remission of sins.... loved ones at some point along the result.

"And I also beheld that all chilway or they leave us; and except One of the remarkable demondren who die before they arrive at for the glorious eternal assurances, strations at the Du Pont Exhibit at

the years of accountability, are how empty life would be. I can well the World's Fair, which many of

saved in the celestial kingdom of understand the cynicism and the you may have seen, is that which heaven."(DHC, 2:380381.) frustrations of those who don't have pertains to two rubber balls which

What an evidence of mercy and these everlasting assurances. If I a demonstrator holds up, one in

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA each hand. One is made of natural nances of the moment."There is

rubber, one of synthetic rubber. great unwisdom in the postponeThe Editors Page

Both are frozen to a very low dement of essentials, both as to the gree, far below temperatures that living and the dead.

are normally or naturally experiMay I go back again to a sen- (Continued from page 93) enced on earth. The demonstrator tence that I borrowed from Presithen drops these two balls. The one dent McKay at the recent general alive during those thousands of

shatters Brother Lee's of as conference, natural rubber whichmade years. loved Your ones died who glass; yesterday fragile the one reminded commentsif it were me last last year, week, ten years ago—

still of the hearts of synthetic more, of about once rubbermade child, father, your mother your and its turnresiliency. retains children fathers the thebounces, and One

alive! your brother—are

is other, process, to here now, ing one one and each by made made

It is of the soul! Immortality a

life, as this in that as in well another. whichby favorite poets not theme of who are

is life is just everIt so in hereafter. surely the pertains This as to

of the Church, members and otherslasting as it is in these physical President McKay's sentence:

literature these throughout hear things. We choose, we live by our "No other success can compenwordschoices, and we realize the results. sate for failure in the home."( The

I respect a great scholarfor Era, 67, 445, have Improvement June "Tell in not, numbers, mournful me it, brilliant forship, of the no other minds 1964.) To paraphrase is Life but dream!—empty an

brilliant men, but I've never known success can compensate for the loss For the soul is dead that slumbers, any man so brilliant that I was willof a place in the family circle of And things are not what they seem.ing to entrust to him my everlastour Father. No other success can

ing life or the lives of my loved compensate for failure to find a "Life is real! Life is earnest!

ones. I know of no way to live in place in our Father's kingdom. No And the grave is not its goal;

these basic considerations, except other success can compensate for Dust thou art, to dust returnest, faith. loss opportunieverlasting of simple the I don'tby know of the soul."not spoken Was

ties. to set of the people aside any has given to thisenough comGod (Longfellow, Psalm "Amandments of God or any of the through living prophets the fulness of Life.")

requirements or laws that God has of the gospel, the requirements, Christ's words emphasize this given. And since it has been said by the commandments, the ordinances, eternal truth: "In my Father's house

him and his prophets that certain the means, and the opportunity, as are many mansions: if it were not

requirements are essential to realize evidenced here. I would plead so, I would have told you. I go to

our highest opportunity and highest against the postponement of any prepare a place for you.

happiness and the assurance of essential correction or redirection "... that where I am, there ye

association with our loved ones of our lives, or meeting of our oblimay be also."(John 14:2-3.)

everlastingly, who would be so foolgations, or acceptance of the ordiWhat a glorious work the memish as to set these things aside? nances. The Lord God does not bers in this Oakland Temple DisWho would be so foolish as to expect of us perfection at this trict have done in participating in

postpone them? point, but he does expect improvethe erection of this holy house!

May I share with you two citament and an honest sincere effort in They have accomplished it by givtions that we used on our CBS performance. ing of themselves, by living above

broadcast last Sunday. One is by Who after all would want to the animal plane, by rising to that

Oliver Wendell Holmes, who said, settle for second best everlastingly? spiritual plane in which we can lose

"The great thing in this world is I leave with you my witness, with ourselves for the good of others.

not so much where we are, but in an expression of my affection for With all my soul, I say God bless what direction we are moving."you and my pride in having a place you for what you have done!

This we followed with a sentence in your fellowship, that God lives Let me leave this thought with by William Nevins, who said, "He and did make us in his own image you this morning: Those who now

that waits for repentance, waits and did send his Son to redeem us take advantage of the house of for that which cannot be had as from death and has promised unto God take upon themselves obligalong as it is waited for."It is abus limitless everlasting opportunitions when they kneel at the altar,

surd for a person to wait for that ties and the sweetness of associaand each couple becomes man and which only he himself has to do, tion with our loved ones, and has wife. Furthermore, this obligation

can do. Each man, if he is wise, again given us the gospel, and the reaches out telling the world that

life restwill is essentially us. look to and to himself and his up there is live after no death. do We

to the of to be commandments and God May God bless strikes us; it with you, death passing a is but

see how he stands with respect my brethren and sisters, and bless from one of Father's houses into to those commandments and those all of those who have an interest another—into other rooms more

requirements. Said Carlyle, "Oh, with us and bless all of God's chilglorious.

living, wise, dren they that everywhere, all yebe rememand may to God help us God bless you!

.. find their passes. into that kingthat time. Blindber and way back the significance comprehend and

deaf that we are; oh, think, if thou dom gloriously described by the breadth, the expansiveness, the

yet love anybody living, wait not Prophet Joseph, with their loved eternal nature of the restored gostill death sweep down the paltry ones with them, not one missing, I pel of Jesus Christ, I pray in the little dustcloud and idle dissopray in Jesus'name. Amen. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

FEBRUARY 1963 145 FAITH BUILDING / PERSONALLY CONDUCTED

Since Cumorah THE HOLY LAND BOOK OF MORMON LANDS (Continued from page 103 TOURS CUMORAH PAGEANT AND WORLD'S FAIR

Cumorah Pageant and World's Fair Tours Holy land Tours

3. travel. of April worryfree Leaves 8. Twentytwo days

July 1. Salt Air Tour leaving Lake 29th. Eight including days

to Istanbul, with Jerusalem, and Athens your own Murdock From ing thee I have done thou what in three York, Pageant, the days in days and two New

T. Dr. Lyon. guide, Edgar

D.C. Washington desirest to concerning the 4. Babylon 7 as above. Leaves October. Same

Salt leaving Lake July 24th. 2. Bus Tour Twentyone days Book of Mormon lands Tours taking away of the seed of the

through history all the places famous Church and The World's 6th. in Central Sixteen 5. Leaves exciting America March days Fair, Washington D.C. and Williamsburg.

longed to see! Chaldeans. and places you've those of Mormon Book among

Send for full particulars now: Book of Mormon:

Murdock Travel, Inc., 14 South Main Street All ye, assemble yourselves, and

Salt Lake City—Phone: 3283161 hear; who among them hath declared these things unto them? The

Lord hath loved him; yea, and he

will fulfill his word which he hath declared by them; and he will do

his pleasure on Babylon, and his arm shall come upon the Chaldeans.

Isaiah 49:1

The feeling is mutual when KingListen,James:O isles, unto me; and

you call Long Distance. hearken,Lord hathye people,called fromme fromafar; Thethe

womb; from the bowels of my Pick up your

phone and mother hath he made mention of my name. go visiting

tonight!

Septuagint:

Hear ye, islands, artd give attention nations [or Gentiles]. 'For a

long time shall he stand,'saith the

Lord. From the womb of my mothMOUNTAIN er [or since I was born] he called

STATES my name.

TELEPHONE Book of Mormon:

And again: Hearken, O ye house

of Israel, all ye that are broken off and are driven out, because of the wickedness of the pastors of my people; yea, all ye that are broken

off, that are scattered abroad, who are of my people, O house of Israel.

isles, unto me,... [The ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD Listen, O

by Thomas Stuart Ferguson AND MORE! ITS EASY, FAST! rest is like the King James.]

.. array. presents imposing an or For Your Church Isaiah 49:13 Groupit needs, raise all the can group money Your in ofof the support evidence Book

I'll 1c to cost easily, you! without

. quickly,your group asupplyofmyassorted send ( that claimof a people Mormon ""in Grace luxurious Napkins Prayer

from the Near East once dwelt in prayeradvance.textsExquisiteset agraceful,thankfuldesigns and King James:

10 meals. at Have membersthe New World. joyful, moodsell $50 for packages; keep each

of balance proceeds. send20 me Cloth singof Your lc.$4.95 Nevertreasury, Money Spend Own your O Sing,earth; Oandheavens;break forthand beinto

give to napon days; 60 we up

try risk to amazing kins.Take nothing You creditmy ing, O mountains: for the Lord hath PUBLISHING CO. OLYMPUS groups. plan, over 100,000 used tested by FREE

lor sample address now and Rush name Station Box 6T37 Sugar House of SAMPLES! FREE details Plan which napkins, my

City, Salt Lake Utah 84106 for group, fast brings your cash you & RUSH NAME whatsoever. obligation free, sent no everywhere L.D.S. at bookstores Available NOW! ADDRESS Anna Elizabeth Dept. Lynchburg, Va, 364BA, Wade,

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA comforted his people, and will have mercy upon his afflicted.

Septuagint:

Rejoice, [O] heavens, and celebrate O earth, let the mountains break [out] in jubilation and the hills in righteousness; because God

hath had mercy upon his people and the humble of his people he has forgiven.

Book of Mormon:

Sing, O heavens; and be joyful,

O earth; for the feet of those who

are in the east shall be established; Is your church any place to skimp

and break forth into singing, O mountains; for they shall be smitten on carpet quality?

no more; for the Lord hath com- 'No!"say the architects who specify for And Gropoint's 19 colors make it adaptforted his people and will have so many of the stately new Mormon able to any decor.

is just one of many befits quality Mormonmercy upon his afflicted. churchpoint out,buildings.absorbs sound,Goodsavescarpet,on mainthey ButBigelowsGropointwhose

(To be continued) tenance costs. And, of course, improves church buildings. There are others, in-

(A comparison of the variations of appearance. cluding styles for every public building,

these scriptures will appear next Not surprisingly, Bigelow Gropoint* every home. Bigeiow has or can custommonth. ) (above) gets the nod. createit sincethe1825.perfect carpet. We've done

allwool Gropoint's Longwearing FOOTNOTES RUGS & CARPETS SINCE 1825 quiet. pile softens noise to a hushed loop Bigelow

XR. Hausfeld, in Mankind, 6 (November 1963), p. 50.

IQS (Serekh Scroll), IX, 2122.

''Ibid., IV, 5-6; VIII, 1112.

4Matt. 17:9; Mark 9:9; Luke 9:36.

sMark 11:33.

Clementine Recognitions, I, 52.

"Ibid., II, 4.

8E. R. Goodenough, Jewish Symbols in

the GrecoRoman Period (New York:

Bollingen Foundation, 1953), I, 1819.

wIbid.,"Ibid., p.p. 21.19.

X1H. J. Schoeps, in W. D. Davies and

D. Daube (eds.), The Background of the

New Testament and Its Eschatology (Cambridge,UH. Nibley,1956),in Jewishp. 123.Quarterly Review, 50 (1959), pp. 99f.

13C. C. Torrey, The Apocryphal Literature (London: H. Milford, 1945), pp.

14f. 14R. H. Charles, Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament (Oxford, 1913), I, vii.

"Goodenough, op, cit., p. 9.

18H. Nibley, in Church History, 30

(1961), pp. 12f.

"Origen, contra Celsum, in Migne,

Patrol. Graec, XI, 933.

18Above, note 19F. M. Cross, Jr., The Ancient Library

of Qumran and Modern Biblical Studies (New York: Doubleday, 1958), p. 132.

The Church News, July 29, 1961, p. 10. 21Cross, op. cit., pp. 128144, discusses

the subject at length.

"Ibid., p. 132.

Ibid., p. 135.

21"... the question of which witness is

superior is another problem,"Ibid., p.

FEBRUARY 1965 147 IN THE FAMILY

As this page is being printed, the alert, active The lessons to be taught form only one phase of the families of the Church have held four family home teaching. These are, in a way, formal instruction in the

evenings. New to this tried and true family activity sense that each explains a topic dealing with truth. But

has been the commencement of a series of gospel all the while there is a more subtle teaching going on.

lessons, one for each week's gathering, for use as For whether the lesson be taught formally or incircumstances suggest, as indicated in President formally, its value to the child depends on his relationMcKay's introductory letter. This is in harmony with ship to his parents. Given a feeling of kinship to his

the great revelation that parents should teach their father, a child is ready to absorb the teaching.

children to know the gospel, to accept its principles Success in this feeling of rapport does not come and ordinances, and to live by them. Many people unaided. Fathers and mothers must exhibit to their

have testified of the joy which comes from teaching children their own feeling of love for each other and the gospel principles to new members; fewer have the children. This is done in subtle ways and must be

spoken of the joy of bringing the same light of truth constantly practised by the parents.

into the eyes of their own children. Often this pleasure Here are a few suggestions:

has been left in the hands of the teachers of the 1. Father, arise and help with the children while

various classes in the auxiliaries. mother is getting breakfast.

Photographs on these two pages feature the Robert J. and LouJean Tingey

family, Holladay 9th Ward, Olympus (Utah) Stake. Children are; Robert (11),

Richard (10), Stephen (7), Douglas (U), and Craig (1). The girl is Lori

Stevenson (8), daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Stevenson.

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2. If possible the family should eat breakfast at a

table where all may sit together. The minimum for this

is one meal a day. The nerves of mothers are calm if

fathers have the small children under control.

3. Morning prayer should be said as the family

gathers for breakfast. This should not be slipshod or

hurried. Children take turns and should be taught for

whom to pray and about what to pray.

3. Evenings, as father returns from work, he turns

to and assists with the children. If he has meetings

which force him to leave home, he may need to do some planning. Evening is when children need their

fathers. Any mother needs a few moments respite

while she puts the finishing touches on supper. This

is the time to postpone the newspaper and the television.

4. Sunday morning father leads his sons to priesthood meeting and later, the whole family to Sunday

School. After Sunday School—this is the time when

dinner is to be served—an organized family effort will

make the dinner time a happier time for everyone.

After dinner many families sink into lethargy. The

small children seek entertainment with children their own ages. Larger children often play rock and roll

music or watch sports events or have other entertainment. Here is the greatest opportunity for parents to

guide children in proper Sabbath observance and to cement their own relation to their children.

Proper activities with children during the week and on Sunday will give depth and meaning to the family home night. Wise parents will make the right things

happen.

D

J)

Joseph Garrard Stringham is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Howard

B. Stringham of Bountiful, Utah. I

MjuQ Jiejfco:.. SchoolHe graduatedwith honorsfrom Bountifulin June 1963.High

He was President of The Chess BY JOSEPH GERRARD STRINGHAM Club. He studied Spanish and

Arabic and went on a Student "God moves in a mysterious way his wonders to Tour of Europe and the Middle perform."(William Cowper.) inEast.IndustrialHe wasArtsa Sterlingbut qualifiedScholarin

I am thankful for a vivid imagination which has three other categories. Is an Eagle

accompanied me through my life. I believe that what Scout and has his "Duty to God"

I dream and imagine is an accurate measure of my Award. This past year he attended

potential. I am not limited except by the fetters on my thescholarshipUniversityin theof UtahSchoolon ofa

imagination that I myself have put there. Architecture. At present he is to

God gave me several talents to develop that I may become a Missionary in the become an individual with a unique calling. I shall Southern Far East Mission.

not, perhaps, ever attain all my childhood dreams, for I doubt that I shall be man enough actually to develop all that I could be. All that I am now I once

dreamed I would be. I am thankful for the consequence of my imaginaMy parents kept me from being lazy by training tion. What appeared to me as diverse and unrelated

me to work. I worked at one thing and dreamed talents have been clarified after a year of college

another, and it wasn't long before I found out that I and travel. These accomplishments have been invalucould use my energies pretending I was my imagined able to me during this past year.

self. With a small amount of accurate pretending and Bit by bit my testimony has grown through the

a large amount of active work, I improved in school—successful application of gospel principles—a morning

I made new friends—oh, yes, I made mistakes too, but prayer to set me in the right attitude to receive

I grew both emotionally and spiritually. another day—the sacred priesthood to stay worthy

I am thankful that there is a God who is interested of using it at every opportunity—a moment to stop

in my development as an individual—to gain knowland recall my faith in Christ. There is the spiritual

edge and experience. The Church of Jesus Christ of feeling I get, just like breathing air after a rainstorm,

Latterday Saints develops truth in youth. Purify when the Holy Ghost leaves my mind clearer, sharper,

thought to purify action. In growing up I heard and and more convinced of what I know, all these flow into

often read the words, "Be Honest with Yourself."That a testimony. My mission shall serve as another tribuis what I have tried to do. tary to the river of testimony. And where shall this

The gospel of Christ is of truth, of knowledge, of river go? I hold it as a duty that I should raise the

growth, of participation, of love, and of devotion to family I shall have in continual sight of the gospel of work. Jesus Christ and bring others to a knowledge of Christ.

ISO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Gerald R. Miller—I was born I am a priest in the Bountiful 27th Ward, a seminary

of goodly parents, February 21st, student, and a senior at Bountiful High School. I am

City, in Utah Salt Lake1947 at interested in vocal music. With it I enjoyed playingwhile student father was a my

the B.Y.U. I have three younger one of the leading rolls in Bountiful High's presentabrothers: Bruce 16, Kim 10, and tion of Flower Drum Song last spring. My further

Kevin 4. plans include a mission, then college with a degree in

C. Miller, is Reid My father a law. Of course, a temple marriage and a family of

North Bountiful in theSeventy Stake. He is presently on the my own are special plans.

faculty of the University of Utah, I am only seventeen. I have yet a lot to learn and to

teaching in the Speech and understand. I am curious and have a thirst to learn

Hearing Department. all I can about the gospel. But I have sufficient conMy mother is Florency Mecham

Miller, a teacher in our Ward victions and testimony now that I know and love the

Primary Association. gospel that brings joy and hope and purpose to my

life. If all the people of nonLDS religions could see

and understand the plan the Church offers its members, they would take a second look on life and try hard to make their lives useful and satisfying. In

practising and studying our religion, I can surely appreciate my membership. Living with the influence

of the Church in our home, I have come to realize the many blessings that help to keep LDS families together. To me this Church gives purpose to life now

BY GERALD (JERRY) R. MILLER and reason for preparing for eternity. With the gospel

I have lived most of my seventeen years in Portland, plan, we can look ahead to an exalted life of purpose

Oregon, where my father taught in the Portland city and happiness.

schools and the Hosford School for the Deaf. It was in Many people who don't understand our temple

Oregon that I began to realize that Mormonism had work think it strange and senseless. But to me it

much more to offer than other Christian religions. fits right into the great plan. The temples on the earth

Our family has always been active in the Church and today make it possible for us to live with our families has practised living the principles of the gospel. for eternity if we only obey and live the commandThrough the concepts, precepts, and examples set ments given tous.

by my parents and taught by the Church and I want so much to know and understand the comthe power of the priesthood exercised on several plete gospel plan, so I can instruct my family to try occasions by my father within our family, my testiand work hard to obtain a happy eternal life.

mony has become a deeprooted reality to me—roots A testimony of the family involves my parents and

that go back several generations. I owe much to my their experience with the power of the priesthood. Just

ancestors, for most of them were of good, sturdy, and four years ago, Mother became extremely ill just faithful pioneer stock. prior to giving birth to my (Continued on page 160)

FEBRUARY V965 1 *wi\V* -, FUo*ence e-

tRS fto be n,JW|HH

r>>w SUNDAY tt SUPPERS (to be prepared on Saturday)

If Pretty Pink Bisque* Toasted French Bread Pumpkin Chiffon Pie

Supp*s (t0 be pr*Paw on #4 Satutyay)

0ciat, PuddinZ Partait i %

*PM|##

I '':

77i.e guests: fl to r Brother and Sister Brent

Davis, Brother and Sister J. Claire Maughan,

and Brdflierkyid Sister Douglas Valadez, all of

Laguna Beach Ward (Calif.)

on S* r

an&

Cot* b -Fritters-** le Slftd1

a upon time there couple lived a young in Once other,love with each lonely. but nevertheless very SUNDAY

theirThey from had parents, away moved home, (to be, preparedSUPPERSon Saturday) sisters,brothers, friends far to a away, and town The TT / in it strange, face blank, eachcity was a no "remember when"with anyone. Each day stood alone and long, Meat Salad*

each person a casual nonentity. No such thing as a Sesame Rings—Postumbackground, just blank grounds. No family to lean on. APpJe Cake Dessert*

The streets were crowded with hurrying people, but their every destination was a mystery. Dozens, hundreds, even millions of people, and there was no one SUNDAY

to care if they got up each day. No one to care, such SUPPERS

words, butsad most of us or another at sometime in (to be prepared on Saturday) our as strangers lives have to a strange come town.

is true, island; no each an needs man man How a #8 Balls* It isn'tfriend. to alone. stand fun and were Jim Jane Meat Cheese Tiny Juice is Itlonely, foolish to to lonely, so stay stand off Tomato from CrackersHot

Inthe world. each apartment street house every on Fruit Fresh

there also lonely are other people to find want who a friend. How can this be done? It isn't easy or even

very safe to walk up to a total stranger and say, "Come to my house and talk with me."But a stranger in a

strange town can pick up the telephone directory and find the address of his church. Doors are wide open

in churches, and friends are available as one makes oneself useful.

A real friend cannot be bought, but he can be earned. Another avenue to friendship is in identical

hobbies, and again there are places such as the YWCA and YMCA in which crafts and hobbies are taught.

Persons with the same intelligence can be found in adult education classes. Learning should never stop,

so a trip to school can pay many dividends.

street Friendship can also be paved with service.

city, small or large, volunteer use canAny service. J*

There are the hospitals, so short of help; blind centers

calling for volunteer readers, volunteer eyes for those in the dark; children's hospitals that need smiles and

gaiety and the "know how"to a child's frightened heart.

Then there are teenagers in a detention home because of some mistake they have made. They need someone

to build their egos in the right direction. Someone is

needed to teach a girl how to be her very best self.

She needs someone to teach her how to be a lady and to teach her grooming habits that will open the right doors to her and all the while be building the inside of her so she will be a real person. A boy needs

men and women, too, to help him be a part of a group, to help him find his special possibilities. Lifelong

friends can be made helping.

After these friends are made, a good way to strengthen this friendship is in the home. Jim and Jane decided

that Sunday evening after church was an ideal time to SUNDAY bind friendships. To eat together, to stir each other's SUPPERS

isminds, relax and to just rewarding. sit and

of this story is, a happy The ending one. The city (to be prepared on Saturday)

soon became their town, people their very special friends, and Jim and Jane lived happily ever after. #9

Shrimp Salad Bread* Peanut Fruit Tray Cheese and

SUNDAY

SUPpERS (to be PreparedprePon11*Saturday)

Sunday Salad* Today's Family in 3 10V2ounce cans condensed rind and applesauce. Top each

tomato soup, 4V2 soup cans milk and square with the mixture.

(Continued from preceding page) 1% soup cans light cream. Heat, but

do not boil. Garnish each serving Tiny Meat Balls (makes about 2Vfe

Chili Con Came (with corn bread with a generous sprinkling of dozen—serves 6) toasted sesame seeds. % cup slightly crushed corn flakes

2 15ounce cans chili con carne Supper Supreme (serves 6) 11 poundteaspoongroundsalt beef 1 egg V* teaspoon pepper lVs cups milk 6 slices toasted bread 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce

V4 cup flour V* cup soft butter 3 tablespoons tomato juice (ap1V4 shredded cups Cheddar cheese corn meal cups 2% proximately slightly beaten eggs, sugar 3 tablespoons 2 tablespoons ) crumbled bleu 1% 1 tablespoon baking powder 2 10ounce cans tomato soup cheese 1 teaspoon salt Vz teaspoon salt 3 tablespoons melted lard Vz teaspoon dry mustard Combine all ingredients and mix

Vz cup grated Cheddar cheese well. Shape into tiny meat balls.

Spread the butter on toasted bread. Brown on all sides. Serve on

Beat the egg until thick. Add the Cut each slice in 1-inch squares. wooden picks.

milk and all other ingredients except Grease a 2-quart casserole; place in

the cheese. Pour into 12 hot greased alternate layers the toast and Peanut Bread ( 1 loaf

cornstick pans. Bake at 450 decheese, ending with a top layer of

grees F. 10 to 15 minutes. Heat the cheese. Combine the eggs, soup, % cup butter or margarine

chili con carne. Spoon over the salt, and mustard; pour over the 2 eggs

cornbread'sticks allowing two breadcheese layers. Bake at 325 1 cup chopped salted peanuts

sticks for each serving. Sprinkle degrees F. for about 1 hour. Gar- 1 cup mashed ripe bananas

with grated cheese. nish with chopped green peppers 1% cups flour

and parsley. Serve piping hot. 1 teaspoon soda

Tarty Stew on Rice (serves 8) 1 teaspoon vanilla

Luncheon Meat Salad (serves 4) 3 pounds boneless veal shoulder Cream the shortening and sugar, cut in 1-inch cubes 1 can luncheon meat, cut julienne add the unbeaten eggs, and beat

Vz cup flour style thoroughly. Add the chopped pea-

3 teaspoons salt 3 cups coarsely chopped young nuts. Add the mashed bananas

Vi teaspoon pepper spinach alternately with the flour and soda

Vi cup shortening 1 cup coarsely chopped lettuce which have been sifted together.

2 medium onions, quartered 1 can water chestnuts, drained and Mix lightly. Turn into a greased

1 cup sliced celery sliced thin 8Yzx4yzx2yz inch loaf pan. Bake at

2 cups water Y4 pound Cheddar cheese, cut into 350 degrees F. about an hour and

Dash of thyme y2inch cubes 10 minutes.

1 medium head cauliflower, bro- 2 tablespoons chopped onion ken into flowerettes Oil and vinegar dressing Sunday Salad (serves 6) 1 4-ounce can mushroom stems and pieces, drained Lightly toss together the ingredi- 1 3-ounce package lime gelatin 1 cup dairy sour cream ents. Add enough oil and vinegar 1 cup boiling water

4 tablespoons chopped parsley dressing to moisten. Serve immedi- 1 3-ounce package cream cheese

ately. 1 cup small curd cottage cheese

Mix the flour, salt, and pepper.

Dredge meat with seasoned flour. Apple Cake Dessert ( 16 servings Dissolve the lime gelatin in boiling

Brown meat in the shortening. Pour water. Cream the cheeses together

off fat. Add onion, celery, water, 1 package applespice cake mix until smooth. Blend in the gelatin

and thyme. Cover tightly and cook lV* cups water and pour into a lV2quart mold.

slowly 1 hour and 15 minutes. Add 2 eggs, unbeaten Chill until jellylike consistency.

the cauliflower and continue cook- 1 cup whipping cream ing slowly about 30 minutes or 2 tablespoons sugar 1 12ounce package frozen blueuntil the meat is tender. Add the Vs teaspoon ground cinnamon berries, thawed

mushrooms, sour cream, and parsV4 teaspoon grated lemon rind 1 3-ounce package lemon gelatin ley. Heat, do not boil. Serve over V2 cup applesauce 1 cup boiling water

hot cooked rice. V2 teaspoon grated lemon rind

Prepare the cake mix with the V4 teaspoon grated orange rind

Pretty Pink Bisque ( 12 servings water and eggs as directed on package. Bake in a 13x9x2 inch pan. Drain the blueberries and reserve

In a large saucepan blend 3 IOV2Cool cake. Cut into squares. Comthe syrup. Dissolve the lemon gelaounce cans condensed creamof- bine the sugar, cinnamon, and tin in boiling water. Add enough

mushroom soup until smooth; stir whipping cream. Fold in the lemon cold water to the drained blueberry

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA syrup to make % cup. Stir into

lemon gelatin mixture. Add the

lemon and orange rind. Chill until

jellylike in $2500 fold consistency, then WINNERStar Yeast's in Red thethe blueberries. over Pour

cheeselime layer and chill until Back Fence Recipe exchange!

saladfirm. greens and on Unmold

slice thin of limegarnish on TOPSYTURVY RAISIN CAKE with a each serving. by Mrs. Carl Davy, Burlington, N. D.

:...:'..,i 1 pkg. Red Star Active 2 tbsp. butter or margarine

tsp. 2 tbsp. salt warm water 1 II *!!% Dry Yeast 2 tbsp. sugar 1 (110115) egg, room temperature

V3 cup raisins 2 cups flour (approx.)

V3 cup scalded milk Soften yeast in water. Plump raisins in hot water; drain. Combine

milk, butter, sugar, salt; blend. Cool to lukewarm. Add yeast, egg

and half the flour; beat until smooth. Add remaining flour and

raisins. Knead until smooth. Cover. Let rest 15 min. Pat dough into

greased 7x1 1-inch pan or 9-inch square pan. Let rise in warm place

until doubled, about 1 hour. Make syrup of Vi cup brown sugar,

l/2 cup butter, 2 tbsp. water; cool to lukewarm. Pour over dough.

FOR FAMILY HOME EVENING WithBake fork,25 topoke30 min.holesin topreheatedbottom ofquickpan moderateso syrup ovenruns into(375)dough.Cool

10 min. in pan. Serve upside down.

Home, Sweet Home Note: For 2 raisin cakes, double each ingredient.

family night should beA special favorite recipe us your Sent yeast yet?

filled love, faith, underand with mail, with Just Star Yeast Red 3 empty standing plus learning, fun, and packets, to "Back Fence"Recipe Exfood. Each member of the family change, Box 710, Minneapolis 40,

must contribute his part. The attiMinn.Recipe Coming:booklet, newcontaining"Back winningFence"

tude every member brings to the recipes!

gathering is important. Father,

mother, and child are each an important part of the evening's success. After the lesson has stirred

minds, and love has stirred the hearts, perhaps a little treat will stir the inner child. Try this deli- I,

cious crisp. fVinnifred y(ardine

BowlNut and Popcorn 3 gallons popped corn Foremost in\ the 2% cups granulated sugar 1-pound package brown sugar Field of Foods /* cups dark corn syrup IV2 cups hot water 2 teaspoons salt Winnifred Jardine makes hosts

V2 cup butter or margarine of hungry Mountain Westerners 2 teaspoons soda 2 teaspoons vanilla happy. Her daily recipe

1 to 2 cups nuts in the Deseret News gives mother

Mix together the corn syrup, new ideas on cookery.

water, and sugars, and cook over Mrs. Jardine, herself a western

medium heat, stirring frequently until it reaches 290 degrees F. or homemaker, has won numerous

to the snap stage when tried in cold awards for excellence.

water. Stir in the salt and continue

cooking to 300 degrees or for 3 Read "Food Is Fun"in your minutes, stirring constantly. Wash Deseret News.

down the sides of the pan during cooking process. Remove the syrup

from die heat, and stir in butter, soda, and vanilla. Pour slowly overthe popped corn and the nuts, and DESERET NEWS

stir lightly until coated. Turn out

on a clean buttered surface. When

cold break into pieces. THE MOUNTAIN WEST

FEBRUARY 1963 155 -* rt LEEElectricHome Flour MillHandy Compact Automatic Electric Teaching the dead, concerning those who shall hear the voice of the Son of (Continued from page 105) Man, and shall come forth—

"They who have done good in that this was not a selfassumed the resurrection of the just, and they evil have in done who the task the part of Smith, on Joseph resurrection of the unjust—rather, selecthe the but and work

this to caused us marvel, "Now tion of to the brethren the do work it for given us was unto the of to according the Lord's apwere

Spirit"76:1518. Italics (D&C pointment.

added.

Procedure In and method. the Thus, at least some of the changes generally use of the term, accepted

were made, not on the basis of it would probably be incorrect to the ancient knowing language, but that the Prophet "translated"Whole Wheat say as information given "of the Spirit."

it the Bible. Actually, was somecomplete manuscript of the A is for, revision, of thing far a as as grind Stone your whole own wheat Bible not the was Prophet. by made

in MillElectric text LEE Flour the flour a only used a known, Home was full text of the The of books Geneso automatic handy, Compact, and easy familysize large edition of the King sis, Matthew, shortchange use. yourself Mark, Don't to the Luke, and Version. apwas work on James The all nutritional health. the value Get first six of chapters writwas John basis parently of not a done on into grain every nature of wheat. put ten this out hand, but by method stone ground, Use ground Whole home ancient manuscripts a nor with

Wheat flour. Your rolls and bread taste knowledge of biblical languages. proved too cumbersome and a

for mill shorter better today flour Write method was devised whereof the revethe language However, models. prices 4—too. in only corrections and additions lations in the as recorded Doctrine See, taste YOURSELF: FOR JUDGE how written. were ground stone whole much better wheat (see 76:15; and Covenants D&C

are. Amount Send check Prophet goods baked of change. The or money refers 45:6061; to the 93:53) work

lb. for 5 order Deaf package Smith of thousands in changes the as as also the made a "translation,"does lb. or Wisconsin- 5 package Flour $1.50 text of the Bible. least at are There in writings. Prophet Free usFlour recipes $1.00. Minnesota his own ( DEC

1, 368, 4, 187, 493. 365; ) For ing Whole Wheat Flour. |E lfa these ment128 versesand 1475addedversesto thechanged.New TestaAlso. to other reasons discussed and be LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY are thousands of changed and the writer believes that the there 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, Wis. later, verses added Testament. in the Old is the preferred term "translation"

title. One whole book, the Song of Solorejected mon, the Prophet was by the Prophet Although seemingly lorIN USE SEVENTYnVE YEARS

scripture. inspired not being A did not leave detailed a of as account in treatment of Canker,Aids simple of great the are in changes many his in the transprocedure making

sore throat and other minor mouth lation, it is possible to frame a the books of Genesis and Matthew, and throat irritations. partial reconstruction of it. but changes are found in every

Epistles of Second and John. Lord's the is evident from work HALLS That it was to be a revelatory book except Esther and the First REMEDY inquiry, rethe Prophet Upon instructions: ask, shalt "Thou and Salt Lake City, Utah

my scriptures shall be given as I ceived the revelation known as have appointed... until ye have section ninetyone of the Doctrine

IDAHO FALLS mVE/oDGE9 5657.received them in full."(D&C 42: Apocryphaand Covenants,need notstatingbe translated.that the

When attending the Idaho The phrases "thou shalt ask,"Style of the changes. The manner

Falls Temple, material is presented in which new "shall he given,"and "until ye have

Falls stay at the—Idaho TRAVELODGE the text of the Inspired Translaare informative sugin and—received"close convenient and

Special rates for excursions.—Temple open all gest the manner in which the tion is about as significant as what

day Saturdays.—Phone or write for reservaProphet was to proceed with the the passage says. Sperry and Van

tions. that: have observed Wagoner task. (Italics added.) E Street 255 additions or changes "Whenever Apparently the Prophet did not Falls, Idaho Idaho

Ph. 5232960 always know beforehand what have been made, the language and

Little Giant Hotomatic changes were needed nor what to style used is the same as that of

Gas Water Heater No. 3 expect, for on occasion he expressed the original author in whose book

all the hot Will supply water surprise at what was "given"him. the change is made, as far as that for Baptistries, Church needed

determined."(Sperry can be Rest Heats Rooms. Kitchens, and One passage is of particular in20 in rise tempera450 GPH, ReviWagoner, The Inspired Van folders for free ture. on terest: Write

water heaters, Fiberglass Bap- "For while we were doing the sion of the Bible, Independence, spires. tistries,

LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO. work of translation, which the Lord Mo.: Zion's Printing and Publishing

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas had appointed unto us, we came to Company, 1947, p. 19.

the twentyninth verse of the fifth Some changes are highly docchapter of John, which was given trinal and cause abrupt alterations unto us as follows: in meaning. Others produce a

"Speaking of the resurrection of clearer understanding by lessening

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ambiguity, yet do not greatly alter narrative and blend into the body Wonder what the sense. Frequently the changes of the work so well that only a to serve

are so subtle as to offer only a shade careful examination with the King of different meaning. Many of the James text reveals that a change has when you have

primarily been made.changes importance have

of place Additions sometimes appear to friends in? thebecause emphasis they

upon certain basic doctrines. Addibe comments by the individual

tions are always woven into the authors, but at times explanatory

[THE SPOKEN BEGINNING: A BIG PART OF Why not

WORD a ANY PROCESS try Postum?

RICHARD I. EVANS

Recently we cited this sentence from Oliver Wendell Holmes: "The great

thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we 1 applied to repentance, well be it thenare but moving."it may We applied ruts, in Instant ourselves in also. find at times to considerationsto other We seem

discouragement, sometimes assuming that things must be about as they are, with not much vision or encouragement for the future. There are

some who find themselves strongly held by negative or harmful habits,

E A L BEVERflGtwho resign themselves, who despair from doing anything different. But C E R *

we need to learn or at least to convince ourselves that many things are possible—that the last opportunity has not yet presented itself, that the Pwi NoCafffi\%

last effort has not been put forth or proved, that the seemingly improbable has often proved possible. Many examples could be given of those beyond

the usual years who have moved into new fields as if they were yet far younger, who have developed talents, who have produced significant works, who have conquered problems, habits, difficulties, discouragement.

But even the young find themselves in ruts, wasting time, wasting opportunity, not wasting it deliberately, but wasting it simply by not beginning, by not getting up and going. There is much that we can do concerning

ourselves, and there is little others can do for us without our own interest and involvement. "We cannot live better,"said Socrates, "than in seeking

to become better."2 We have read somewhere a sentence which says: Flavorful, hearty Postum

"Begin. The rest is easy."3 This, of course, is oversimplified, but it is true just naturally encourages

that beginning is a big part of any process—good or bad. The importance

of beginning or not beginning could scarcely be overemphasized. And good talk among friends.

one of the main things to remember when something should be done is Made with pure, to begin, to move, and then to follow through. "There is nothing so fatal energyfood ingredients

to character,"said David Lloyd George, "as halffinished tasks."4 "The and no cafTein,

"is for success,"said great determigreatest requirement Thomson, a Roy lift. gives a natural Postum you

attain of in intelligence principle to succeed."nation unto 5 "Whatever we all drink you like. You can

. is everlastingly.this life, cutoff point us. "G will remain with There no

—no time, young or old, to give up learning or useful interests or activities. If you haven't tried

Learning and doing are important early and late in life. "The great thing Instant Postum lately,

in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we you're missing a satisfying, are moving."1 bracing drink.

You'll enjoy its natural lift.

KHiver Wendell Holmes (180994), American poet and author.

2Socrates (469399 BC), Greek philosopher. The Natural LiftsAuthor unknown.

4David Lloyd George (18631945), English statesman.

Thomson,BRoy Time, February 22, 1963. Send name and address 130:18.D&C

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia forfree Postum recipes to:

Broadcasting System, November 29, 1964. Copyright 1964. Postum Recipes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of Genera! Foods Corporation.

FEBRUARY 165 157 Enjoy the Convenience of a informationleaving the readeris givenuncertainin parentheses,whether these purport to be parenthetical

Downtown Location expressionssertions by ofthetheProphetauthor Josephor inJUST STEPS TO THE BUSINESS, ENTERTAINMENT purely for clarification.

AND SHOPPING DISTRICT - SAVING YOU TIME Often the new material forms a

AND TRAFFIC. RELAX IN THE COMFORT OF ATbridgedisjointedor andlink seeminglybetween heretoforeunrelated

TRACTIVE SURROUNDINGS. 330 LUXURIOUS passages. This is very helpful in

ROOMS AND RESTAURANT. FOR RESERVATIONS giving the setting or circumstances

TELEPHONE 3636781 (801). that drew forth some particular

comment in our Savior's teachings.

MAIN STREET AT FIFTH SOUTH Publication. The Church does not

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH publish the entire translation made by the Prophet. However, certain

portions are published in the Pearl of Great Price as the "Book of

Moses"and as "An Extract from a

Translation of the Bible"from the Coveys book of Matthew. NEW AMERICA MOTEL An entire Bible is published by

the Reorganized Church of Jesus

Christ of Latter Day Saints. It first

appeared in 1867 and has seen many printings since that time, inedition of the New

I Your / of the Book Mormon / cludingTestamentanand under one cover in the year 1893.A FREE DOLLAR BOX OF MASON CANDY HEART FUND In 1944 a "new and corrected"

CAN HELP YOU RAISE H80 TO $2,500 edition containing some changes in \ s fights them all a spelling and punctuation and someNo money in advance... no risk... no obligation.

We will give you a FREE dollar box of nationchanged wording was published by ally known Mason candy and tell you how your the Reorganized Church.

organization can make 400 on every $1.00 box. Perhaps the dominant reason

You have a choice of Mason Mints, Almond why the Church has not published

Cocoanut, Assorted Jellies, Walnut Fudge. At the Inspired Translation is that it

with is wrapped package each extra chargeno also finished, that never and pay was picture. You and organization's nameyour the no direct from Lord command candy. the sold afteronly you have

Return what you don't sell. More than 60,000 has been received to complete it.

organizations have raised money this easy (D&C 42:5658.)

way. So can you! For complete information, The Inspired Translation is not a

fill in and mail this coupon today! standard work of the Church. If

inspired by the Holy Ghost it could

i Taylor, Dept. 978 Mrs. Mary "scripentitled status of the to be

N. Y. Box Mineola, 549, Mason,

ture"68:3-5) (see be and D&C

Please send without obliga I(Gentlemen: me,

tion, information on your Fund Raising Plan. "profitable for doctrine,... for

i Name correction, [and] for instruction in

Age (If under 21) righteousness."( 2 Tim. 3: 16. ) What

Organization the Prophet did is valuable, and

Add ress anyone who will make a wordby-

City & Stateword comparison with the King: Heart Attack

i County James Version will find his studies

How many members. Phone Stroke rewarding.

High Blood Pressure (To be continued)

Rheumatic Fever

Inborn Heart Defects For a more extensive account of the manuscript of the Inspired Translation, see Sidney B.

Sperry and Merrill Y. Van Wagoner, "The

Inspired Revision of the Bible,"The Improvement Era, April through September, 1940. Also

published in pamphlet form by Zion's Printing 1964 ERA Indexes Available Bind Your 1964 ERAs and1947. PublishingA notable workCo., wasIndependence,also done byMissouri,Calvin

with an of form the Bartholomew, in looseleaf Authorized Comparison "A separately only 10c bought Inspired Version of Revision Genesis."and the binder $2.50 - only ERA at $2.50 IMPROVEMENT with ERA binder FREE Thesis, Master's Unpublished Brigham Young

Write to 1964 Indexes free with binders University, Provo, Utah, 1949.

from Order ERA IMPROVEMENT THE ERA IMPROVEMENT THE

State, Salt Lake City, Utah 79 South City, Utah 84111 Salt Lake State, 84111 79 South

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Welcome to The Inheritance one of SLC's ( Continued from page 95 finer places

..saying, "Rememberest thou when I to stay TEMPLE SQUAREbesought thee to help me dig in

the earth that water might flow in from the river? Behold, this is what

I digged."111

And Janthea said, astonished, "The Lord sent not the rains to thy KBgarden?"

And he answered: "Nay, I prayed, CLARENCE L WEST, Manager PHONE

cattle the came; and whenand I FREE Drive inPARKING 3552961 I the forth, behelddrove them

river; and the Lord inspired me to 75 West

Temple earthdig in the and the river flowed SouthSalt Lake City, /&# fief/amf field, it grew."into and my Utah

in cried anger, with Janthea, Coffee a Modern Shops and Dining Rooms I saying: voice,loud know "Now * Television * Air conditioned

of a surety that the scriptures are Rates: Singles $6.00 up * Doubles $8.00 up * Twins $10.00 up

of no avail, for it is written therein, Teletype Reservations accepted collect 801521-2405

If a man love God, he will not forsake him,'yet ye perceive that he hath forsaken me."

And Dathan laid hold on Janthea STRENGTHEN and commanded him to silence andspake unto him as with a voice of YOUR HOMEthunder, saying: "God was good to WITH

thee and gave to thee a garden foran inheritance, even as I also had HOMEJSTUDY received; and when the rains came

not, and our gardens were withered, cattle to to leadthe Lord sent me it Please send asthe river; me, showed and he

were, what I should do. Now God, Free

in his goodness, knowing thy garden to be also withered, sent thee to HOME STUDY the river; and when I was come, I

to...beheld thee, mourning thy loss. Catalog

But when I besought thee to help NAME me dig, thou wouldest have none ADDRESS of it, but straightway departed; and

in that hour Satan took hold on thee, for thou hadst forsaken God. CITY

Who art thou to say in what manner thy garden shall be restored? STATE

Fpr ij: is written, 'Man *shall live by HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University,

the sweat of his brow/ Prove, Utah

And Janthea fell down and wept and asked forgiveness of the Lord;

and he rose up and builded a fence about his field and brought water u tt from the river that his gardenmight flourish; and when his trees BURNED OUT

bore fruit, he gave much to the REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY poor, for he said: "God hath

showed me that love and faith A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, availeth nothing save a man have with tremendous added expense before you find also charity and good works. Blessed another.

be God, for he hath showed me Let us explain your need for ample insurance for that myself which to makehow to cover today's higher values.

old, have; though andI would I am

I can serve him yet a little season in the earth."UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

FEBRUARY l6S 159 This I Believe tunity to participate in most church affairs which affect so many people, (Continued from page 151) assisting them to learn and understand the gospel and have the youngest brother. Several doctors experiences and skill gained by

( four of them blood specialists ) inteaching and speaking in various formed my father that my mother functions of the Church. The call

was suffering from acute leukemia to lay members of the Church to and that she was expected to live fill offices and callings helps unite closer into a with bond a a families but and few days. My father

all other families families a and her. close to friend administered

bit closer to the Church and PACKED VACUUM stake a Friends held day of little in our PEANUT BRITTLE to God. fasting behalf. in prayer her and

I so a missionto be want much doctor, Seventhday a devout 100% PROFIT Her so that I bring can help about in Adventist, joined fasting and ary the of conversion INVESTMENT all people which NO prayer. the evening doctor Towards $60.00 every 10 time of your members CASH

it has to accomplished. I think be sell 12 of OldFashioned cans each Peagroup father told and him summoned my at can. $1.00 nut Brittle per satisfaction great to a help be would that strongly to size quart cans cost he impressed your The was PROFIT! 100%

spirits in to the gospel new $1.00! 50c each—sell it bring deliver the even baby though lc! Order INVESTMENT!only EVENfor NOT groupNO they, too, so that participate may today. cans to 1200 to 30 days Take up to send early. over other 120 was a month The

title, in the of payment. your Give the Lord, name, phone work number change doctors strongly objected. Father complete address, address, the etc. name, and lives, their start their and road on officer, of of group, 2nd quantity of name each felt strange a urgency agreed and

desired, nearest Freight and (no Office to eternal parcel salvation real the with to the baby. bring accompIt was post). Extras sent cover cost FREE life that joy in awaits the them east of Rockies. OFFER toOPEN TOshipping GROUPS easily. lished following The week ONLY! WRITE TODAY! come. us, to our mother with was home

I so to proud have born been am to the the of amazement much into family, in this Church, and my for find they not could VERNE COLLIER specialists, if I in this dispensation. can Now, doctor the answer. our But knows

live of to be worthy my life I only and what happened. Dept. 5-15 we know

blessings all the in store wonderful that the of the 19th Street power am sure 900 North for please to and and me my family priesthood faith the of our and| BIRAiBIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMAjaI so the that eventually Lord I may life family friends the spared and raise to qualified family be my ownP of brother. and little my mother

I will of in the the Lord, be ways testimony has also been My strengthened by other incidents and able to look back and feel peace.

by people who have been blessed For I know that this is just the beby the priesthood and their testiginning and that I am preparing monies that mean so much to them. myself for an eternal life of happiAnother aspect of the Church ness and rich rewards of joy that

which I appreciate and admire is are promised to those who live up the simplicity of our worship. There to the principles of the gospel. I

is none of the ritual which causes only wish that everyone could feel start his posterity the I do and way to one worship everything but the of righteousness path Special for.. and Christ. Wherever our on you go in

Church, you feel right in place. The eternal glory.

I things say these in the name things are same taught—the QAeclckngs sameoMo/tmon Christ. of Jesus Amen. of service. type worship It makes Invitations, Napkins, Reception

etc., feel to featuring other Albums, good 'I 'ML me know that L.D.S. MjrtfSk

temple designs. (Conventional people believe and worship the

Write styles for $5.95.) 100 I as same have taught been and

samples. catalog and FREE for FALSE SPRING all that brothers, are being we

Temple Designs) for airmail 25<—Oakland authority. of guided BY MAUREEN by CANNON men

- 83440 Idaho Rsxburg, REXCRAFT(Catalog of authority Speaking brings to mind another important part of our Something

ATTENTION church program, the conferences—Something soft and subtle felt

EXPLORER SCOUTS a unique device that keeps our

Float River Trips Church so united and closeknit. Dimly, distantly. They melt,

Salmon Snake Yampa Through them we can be informed Rivulets of snow, and earth

Films Free of the latest and admonitions words 8-5243 Phone CY Seeks them greedily. Rebirth?

leaders. 3791 So. 6000 W. spoken ordained S. L. 20 by our

Our Church supplies all of the Spring's rebirth? Soft day, and wet

YOU CAN RENT IT! basic essentials for a most full and And warm with promise though

profitable life if we will just try to

RENTS HOWE live Weas theare commandmentsalso offered theinstructopporNot thisyet. be IENTALS us. SALES AND

1 Salt Lake City 2375 South State 4860055

160 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA ieve in God; believe that he is, and that he

ated all things, both in heaven and in earth; believe

that he has all wisdom, and all power, both in heaven and in earth; believe that man

doth not comprehend 'the things which the Lord can comprehend.

Mnd again, believe that ye must repent of your sins and forsake them, and humble yourselves before

God; and ask in sincerity of heart that he would forgive

you; and now, if you believe all these things

see that ye do them.

Mosiah 4:9-10

k

Jf

,iPfc:

ft ft $ *

. fin

i * **

a km * * * aft"1 iw * m* r,;M **feH BY JOHN D. BMK3k,"

ROCKEFELLER, JR.

<t.\... 1 BEUEVE

I believe in the supreme worth of the individual and in his right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.

I believe that every right implies. a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty.

I believe that the law was made for man and not man for the law; that government is the servant of the people

and not their master.

I believe in the dignity of labor, whether with head or hand; that the world owes no man a living but that it

owes every man an opportunity to make a living.

I believe that thrift is essential to well ordered living and that economy is a prime requisite of a sound financial structure, whether in government, business or personal affairs.

I believe that truth and justice are fundamental to an enduring social order.

I believe in the saeredness of a promise, that a man's word should be as good as his bond; that character

—not wealth or power or position—is of supreme worth.

I believe that the rendering of useful service is the common duty of mankind and that only in the purifying fire of sacrifice is the dross of selfishness consumed and the greatness of the human soul set free.

I believe in an allwise and allloving God, named by whatever name, and that the individual's highest fulfillment, greatest happiness, and widest usefulness are to be found in living in harmony with his will.

I believe that love is the greatest thing in the world; that it alone can overcome hate; that right can and will

triumph over might.

Sightseeing in the famous Channel Gardens at Rockefeller Looking at the John D. Rockefeller "Credo"plaque at RockeCenter, New York City: Charles Dowis, Claudia Pehrson, Penny feller Center, overlooking the ice skating rink: Karen Pearl,

Paine, Janet Wendt, Carter Wendt, all of Uniondale Ward; Linda Louise Howell, Jom Rose, Val Raner, John Rose, all of Queens

Pearl, Queens Ward. Ward, New York Stake, x

I BELIEVF/I'I BELIEVE'I'I BELIEVE"

1 1 1

I believe ttat honesty can Development and maturity: I believe that love is the

square its shoulders and meet For these reasons we are here highest expression of the gos itself time and time again. upon this earth: to develop pel—not the kind of love

I believe that diligence is our bodies so that they will be shown only by generous gifts keeping busy even when there strong, healthy, clean, and fit on certain occasions each seems to be nothing at all for a dwelling place for the year, but the kind of love to do. Spirit of God; to develop our which manifests itself in a

spirits by fellowshiping with friendly greeting and handSharon Marie Dennis the Saints, by studying the shake, in wholesome fun at

Orem, Utah Gospels, and by learning of parties, and in a willingness to

God's will for our lives; to "put your shoulder to the

develop our minds, our knowlwheel"to help others in edge, our intellects, and our trouble or sorrow.

personalities. In other words,

we are to develop in any way David C. Adams,

possible. Hanover, New Hampshire

Norma Dickey, 17 Camden, Maine

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I BELIEVE""I BELIEVE II BELIEVE"!

T

l 1

I believe that in our lives Home life can be proWe believe that we, the happiness is one of the most grammed on one of two princhosen people of the latter important qualities we can ciples: love or duty. Herein days, have a mission to do on

possess. We as Latterday lies the difference. this earth. Just as the leaders

Saints enjoy happiness be- I believe that friendship of the Church are here to lead cause we have the restored can be eternal. We may have us, we are chosen to lead and

gospel of Jesus Christ, the formed a friendship today that help other people to come to plan of salvation whereby we will last through eternities, our Heavenly Father's prescan return to our Heavenly and, likewise, we may have

Father if we so live, and also broken one that has lasted because of the many activities through eternities. David Jackson

in the Church where we can Moses Lake, Washington associate with friends and Carolyn Whittier share the joy of working toFairhaven, Massachusetts gether. As members of the

Church we need to appreciate more fully the blessings we have and share this knowledge with others so that they, too, may possess the joy of happiJudy Critchlow

Renfrew, Pennsylvania When I awake each morn- I believe in people. I think When you become a Moring, the first thing that comes of the people I know—the mon you really enter into a

into focus is a sign above my strong spirits who walk in my new world—a world of love,

study desk. On that sign are world: the loving, the stimulatcare, and cleanliness. You

these words: "The greatest ing, the smiling, the ones who learn that you are one of God's

competition I have is myself."share my secret joys and sorchildren.

These words remind me that I rows, the ones who care. Before I was baptized into

must strive to become the These people give freely of the the Church I was taught many best "me"possible. great gift that is in them, and things. One of the things that

the light in their eyes shows I did not know about before I

Robert C. Turner the goodness in their souls. was taught the gospel was the

Moses Lake, Washington The quiet, radiant joy that "Word of Wisdom."At the

shines around these people time I was told about this comsurely this is a beauty worth mandment I used tea, but"both loving and emulating. quit it as soon as I knew it

was wrong.

Judy Lindsay, 17 In the Church I am taught

Erie, Pennsylvania to live the commandments of

God. If I break any one of

them, I feel bad about it. Since

I have been in the Church I have met the best people that I have ever known.

James Dee Hughes Dothan, Alabama 1 1 X I believe in the Latterday Some members are under I believe we the youth of

Saints because they have given the impression that they must the Church do not quite realme the opportunity to prosacrifice their church meetings ize our mission on this earth.

gress by helping me to use my for some of the worldly things Here in the South there are talents, and because they which they encounter. One of more nonMormons than Morsend missionaries to teach the most common ones is that mons. It is up to us to set a

those, like myself, who would of schoolwork, and the meet- "jood example for our school never have had the opportunity ing neglected most for this chums and other acquaintin this life to become a part of is MIA. ances.

the restored gospel of Jesus From my personal experiChrist. ences I know that attending Sandra Connor

my church meetings, which my Savannah Second Branch

Elaine Mains, 16 family and I have done, has Southern States Mission

York Branch helped me far more than it

Eastern Atlantic States Mission has ever hindered me in any of my school activities.

Thomas Henry

Cherry Tree, Pennsylvania

T67 Grandma says, Grandma says, Grandma says, "What's going "What's to "What's to to become of this become of this become of this generation?"generation?"generation?"

i\

*Y

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grandma says, "This generation is the hope of tomorrow."

Posed by Linda Swenson, Holladay 7th Ward, Olympus Stake

FEBRUARY 1965 169 WHY?

I walked along a forest path one crisp December day.

The air was touched with sunlight, the fields in silence lay.

I walked along a forest glade and thought of days gone by.

The mist of tears was in my eyes; why did he have to die?

of too, low. earth tears The wept yes mist her she did mourn, hung "I BELIEVE"

fell tears did the from to heAnd go? have free, why my eyes

I walked along a crimson hill and felt his presence near.

I wondered if the Lord above, my woeful cries would hear.

"Oh give me understanding, Lord, let me really know.

And tell me Lord theVeason, why did he have to go?

Why, I ask, what did it gain to take him so today?

And now is man more joyful that you have taken him away?"

My heart was filled with sorrow as I stood there looking still

At soft green grasses slowly blowing on the distant hill.

And then a voice from far away spoke very soft and low:

""He's done his job, his work is through, why keep him there below?

Think you that death"is end? Deem you his spirit gone?

Think—wouldWhat of the resurrection?you have himWhatbackoftoitssuffer,holy dawn?sick with pain?

Would you have him back, his presence just to gain?"

And now the voice was still, and now the voice was gone.

But still within my heart the words continued on:

"Come to me thou faithful servant, and I will open up the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing too numerous for you to contain. And I will anoint your head with oils

and come to your aid -with my legions of angels. And of my

kingdom there shall be no end, and your joy shall be beyond report or compare, for you shall come and dwell with me in the kingdom of the Most High for ever and ever."

The voice was gone and all was still, but my head in shame hung low.

Was it mine to question or contradict God's wisdom here below?

"I'm sorry, Lord. Please understand I didn't mean to chide.

Forgive me, Father. Take my hand, my footsteps ever guide.

Guide me, Lord, and keep me safe; and though I'll never understand,

Keep me, Lord, from stain of sin until I reach that holy land."

And now I walk'that distant hill as grasses slowly bend.

Both my friend and Father walk with me:

"death is really not an end."

by Kathy Anderson, 16 Salt Lake City LIVE THE LAW

To us as young people it is very important that we learn the laws of the gospel, as well as the laws of our land. It is

by obedience to these laws that we live useful and happy

lives.

President David 0. McKay has said, "Youth—conviction "I BELIEVE"—courage make a combination potentially capable of determining the kind of world we shall live in."(Secrets of a

Happy Life, p. 23; Pathways to Happiness, p. 387.) Youth also has a challenge to overcome the temptations

August 27, 1964 that confront everyone today. By living the gospel law which

we are privileged to learn in our Sunday School, priesthood

I attended a funeral last June that has impressed me so much meetings, and Mutual and from General Authorities and that I felt moved to write you. ward leaders, we can strengthen our characters and have

had Itbeenwas killedthe funeralby lightningof Jimmiewhile workingEdwards,in fifteenthe fieldsyearsof hisof parents'age. He a firm foundation to stand on and uphold the true principles

farm just outside of Malad City, Idaho. of the gospel, which are truth, virtue, honesty, and justice.

least It asseemedI had thoughtmore likeof funerals.a missionaryI havefarewellnever feltthanthea Spiritfuneral—atof the Upon these rests the foundation of civilization.

Lord more closely than during those services. First, we must be dependable when given a task to do,

I stood by the casket at the side of his mother for several hours act well our part, and do the best we can. We must honor

while hundreds of people of that small community filed past. It went

through my mind: How could a boy of so few years have affected our Father in heaven in all things and not take his name in

so many people? vain, for the Lord will not hold him guiltless who does that.

observed as I listened and But acquaintances,casual and some whohis friends,I am surelovedmightones,neverteachers,have "Be thankful,"Benjamin Franklin has said. "To the gento obviously but Jimmiespoken observed as him and, who had

rest, affectedthe by his been had they fine example, I knew flattering talk wasn't just to console the and wordssincere—thisgriefstricken parents. wereall erous mind, the heaviest debt is that of gratitude."special person. is a very Jimmie and was He These are just a few things which go to strengthen our

had been taught the gospel and believed and truly lived it. characters. And wise parents and leading educators in the

I received talk of a a copy Jimmie

It years. of fourteen ad I preparedhadn't beenby himselfhome longat thewhenage to nation today realize that good citizenship can be attained seemed

feeling I beautiful theconfirm heart had Jimmie. towards in my only through character development.

to you will have occasion it withPerhaps share other choice young people in the Church. In this free land of America the door of opportunity opens

Sincerely yours, to all. Most of the great leaders of today were the unknown

Mrs. Perry Bird boys of yesterday. Through their obedience to the principles

Seattle 16, Washington of the gospel and to our Constitution they have given us a wonderful heritage to live by.

We love our country because of the high ideals for which it stands, the freedom which it gives us to work out our own ideals, and the promise which it holds for the future to make all men happy and free.

May we appreciate the teachings of the Master and be worthy to live in "the land of the free and the home of the brave."I say this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Written at 14years of age By Jimmie Edwards Malad, Idaho

Born April 26, 1949 Died June 2, 1964 Would you tell your parents the practice was over at 10:00 when

it was really over at 9:30?

*v

Would you tell the truth about

If you broke your mother's fawhere you've been or fib a little Have you done something helpvorite vase would you admit it? to avoid controversy? ful for others lately?

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ] & A

You wouldn't steal a water- c melon from a store—would you

Would you withhold information Would you tell a clerk who gave from a farmer's field? is there

in a bishop's interview? you too much change? a difference?

Do you believe "finder's keepAre you kind to a newcomer or ers"if the item is something Would you take credit that you new convert? you really want? didn't deserve?

FEBRUARY 1565 173 YouthOurLeaders of

IF"Leon Jensen Carla Peterson Deanna Whitaker

Our LDS youth throughout the nation are showing amazing ability in leadership.

For some of them, like Leon Jensen, a freshman at Boise Junior

College, the day starts early when there are cows to milk, calves to feed, and various other chores to be done before school.

During his senior year at Meridian (Idaho) High School, Leon was very busy in church and school activities as well as helping his father on the farm. But he found time for baseball, softball, and singing. Being

such a busy person has taught him to plan his work well, leaving time for his many other activities.

Carla Peterson and Deanna Whitaker are seniors at Meridian High

School. Both girls are graduates of seminary and taking their fourth year.

They are talented in music and are constantly in demand at school, church, and in the community to accompany soloists and groups. Both

are active in Future Homemakers of America and on the newspaper and yearbook staffs. In addition to being honor students at school, they win

high awards in many fields and find time for helping at home and handling parttime jobs.

Yes, these are our typical teenagers, our leaders of today and certainly of tomorrow.

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA */ r

is,

nm jy

J 'feft,MP* *r**gS5SSZ*u&alS"

/./

< / K II'I X ->"1 I The Last Word

So, in at a single night, information called for man A

Fair came, February office. the telephone V, I want

Bidding my lips to sing to speak with Mr. Dill,"he Or whisper their surprise,,v

With all the joys of spring said.l The operator asked, Is it

And morning in her eyes. B'as in Bill?"The man an-

—-Francis Brett Young swered, "No, 'D'as in pickle."

Love is the blossom where My valentine I pray that thou wilt be, there blows Every thing that Not for a day, but for eternity.

lives or grows.—Giles Fletcher—Charles Noel Douglas

It is the greatest of all sins to continue in sin; for where Advice is cheap, but good exthe custom of sinning waxeth greater, the conscience for sin amples cost something. This may

grows the less. It is easier to quench a spark than a fire. I be the reason why one is

would rather break the cockatrice's egg than kill the serpent. plentiful and the other scarce.

Late February days; and now, at last, Quietness is often strength; silence, wisdom.

Might have thought that Winter's woe was past; The swift stream is not always powerful, nor the

So fair the sky was and so soft the air. noisy one deepest. Thus is it with life; the man

—William Morris of moral strength can afford to be patient.

Men are made rich, not by what the world Much of the charity that begins at can give, but by what it cannot take away. home is too feeble to get outof-doors.

A man was riding home with his neighbor in his buggy and noticed how his neighbor's horse kept wiggling his ears back and forth. "What's wrong with your horse?"he asked.

n Oh, nothing's wrong with him. He's just afraid I'll say 'whoa'and he won't hear. M

A church speaker nicked his chin Where do you go when you are at play? Do

while shaving. "I was concentrating you soar? Do you rise with the eagle to the

on my talk and cut my face,"he lofty and the beautiful? Or do you descend

told his wife. She replied: "You at will to the low and groveling, to the

should have been concentrating filthy? Men and women do not reveal their

on your face and cut vour talk."true characters until they are at play.

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Have you heard the thrilling new sound of Baldwin?

Hear it now! No cost or obligation*

Baldwin Piano & Organ Company Box IE 2-65, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202

Gentlemen: Yes, I want your new recording, "The Church

Organ and Its Music,"available in Stereo. Monaural (check one):

NameAdd ressCity. State My Church.

My Official Capacity.

*To a bishop, church organist, or member of music committee.

If a picture is worth a thousand words, this record is worth thousands more. It lets you hear the

thrilling new sound of the Baldwin Church Organs. Only the organ itself can surpass the tonal

picture contained in this record by the nationally famous organist Gerre Hancock. Hear the

resounding ensemble... listen to each distinctive solo voice of these new Baldwin Organs. Then you

will feel the musical depth and range of these new models, marvel at their fidelity and clarity of tone.

To hear Mr. Hancock play selections from Bach to contemporary works... get this twelveinch

LP stereo record now.

Recorded Selections Rigaudon Campra Two Choral Preludes J. S. Bach

Praise To The Lord In Thee Is Gladness Chorale Prelude On Blessed Are Ye Faithful Souls Johannes Brahms

Prelude On "Brother James'Air"Searle Wright

Tu Es Petra (Thou Art The Rock) Henry Mulet

Baldwin Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

FOR YOUR

GROWING FAMILY..

Do you really need $10,000 more insurance, but feel you just can't afford it?

... THEN THIS MESSAGE

IS FOR YOU!

Beneficial Life solves this problem for you with its lowcost "Commercial Whole Life"policy. This lowpremiumpermanent insurance builds

cash values quickly and provides generous retirement benefits. You

save, of course, by buying your insurance in the larger "economysize"amounts of $10,000 or more. Ask

your Beneficial agent about it...

or mail coupon below.

LIFEBENEFICIAL INSURANCE COMPANY Over 600 million dollars of life insurance in force.Beneficial Life Building

Dept. E. 265, Salt Lake City, Utah

I would like a Beneficial Life agent to call and give me detailson this lowcost plan. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name Address Virgil H. Smith, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah

City Zone State