7>MmprouemenflEra

iiiillllll to toP""'9ht cooking Mmnn UP

to rockbottom costs DOWN...with a new AUTOMATIC GAS RANGE

built to "CP"standards... the only range

combining these 9 POINTS OF SUPERIORITY

1. BEST AUTOMATIC FEATURES. Automatic timeclock (turns oven on and off); automatic

oven heat control; all burners selflighting.

2. MORE MODERN CONVENIENCES. Everything you've

dreamed of for pleasant, effortless cooking.

3. EASY TO KEEP CLEAN. The smooth, gleaming

enamel wipes clean with soft cloth. Bright

metal is rustresistant; burners, easy to wash.

4. EASIEST TO COOK WITH. Even an inexperienced

bride can get perfect results by following tested recipes.

5. COOKS FOODS BETTER. Unrivaled for baking, roasting, topcooking and smokeless broiling. Does

everything well!

6. COOKS QUICKER. Only gas reaches full heat instantly and provides countless, quick heatvariations.

7. COOL IN OPERATION. Modern, scientific insulation

holds heat in, keeps kitchen cool.

8. COSTS LESS TO RUN. As other living costs have

soared, gas rates have dropped. And there's little

or no upkeep cost with a modern gas range.

9. COSTS LESS TO BUY NEW. Compare first cost, installation cost, and your choice will be gas.

"CP"assures you of 17 high standards of quality and performance. Illustrated is the Gaffers & Sattler (also

marketed as Occidental), one of many makes in numerous models built to "CP"standards. Choose the one

that suits you best. SEE US OR YOUR GAS APPLIANCE DEALER.

The WestPrefers

Better Quicker Cheapen MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

EXPLORING '* THF

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

'"Phe 1947 Nobel Prize for medicine was given to the Drs. Carl F. and

Gerty Cori, a husband and wife biochemist team of Washington University, St. Louis. The award was given

for isolating the enzyme phosphorylase which governs the process of changing animal starch into sugar within the body. Joint recipient of the award was

Dr. Bernardo A. Houssay of Buenos

Aires for work on the hormone produced by the frontal lobe of the pituitary gland.

TThe total printings of Soviet editions of the works of Maxim Gorky have reached fortytwo million.

HThe salt in the oceans of the world is sufficient to cover the entire

United States with a layer about a mile and a half deep.

'T'he "Soo"Canals between the

United States and Canada carry more shipping between Lakes Huron and Superior under normal conditions during the eightmonth icefree season thethan and Suez canals toPanama fix to delightfully easy +fie How ingether a year. hv

... eat bite to a tempting4

Tndecylenic acid, according to the with plenty of goldenbrown

Navy Department is both a preSNAX to spark the appetite ventive and curative for athlete's foot. fasfy and make icebox oddsarid-

\17omen in ancient civilization were ends taste wonderful. The salt

tang, the buttery flavor and just as concerned with permanent waves and curls as modern women. In the wheaty goodness of

SNAX make 'em everybody'sancient Egypt the hair was moistened, bile/ wound on sticks, plastered with mud, favorite. Keep a package

and dried in the sun. Roman beauties handy—always!

plastered their hair with clay in order to give the appearance of permanent curls.

HPhe world's largest power shovel strips thirtyfive cubic yards at a bite from the ground over the coal at

Georgetown, Ohio, and moves it 240 feet away. The 1600 ton machine set

in the middle of an average city block could reach into the next block and pile dirt on the top of a seven story building. 4 ISCUIT COMPANY "Detter antiknock gasoline can now ALT LAKE be made by removing sulfur impurities with a bauxite filter. Less

antiknock material, such as the scarce tetraethyl lead, is needed and the octane number is also increased.

MAY 1948 257

NUMBER 5

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Church Features The Cover General Conference Addresses See Conference Index 259 Professor H. Reuben Reynolds of

Counsel and Encouragement George Albert Smith 268 * the Utah State Agricultural ColKeep the Commandments George Albert Smith 269 lege at Logan, Utah, states that the in BrigBox Elder Stake Tabernacle Clark, the Against Jr. 270 of Need Time J. Reuben

is the City beautiful strucmost 271 ham for Financial 1947 Report in ture Utah. tendencies, Gothic Of Crisis 272 Facing Another David O. World McKay similar in to design the Assembly "Feed My Sheep"(Church of the Air address) Henry D. Moyle 285 Hall, the structure is a striking landEvidences and Reconciliations: CXXlli—Were There Premark in northern Utah. Its history is

Adamites? John A. Widtsoe 305 interesting from the time when its

The Church Moves On 262 Melchizedek Priesthood 306 corners were laid by President BrigThe Conference Story, Albert L. Presiding Bishopric's Page.308 ham Young and Jesse W. Fox, surZobell, Jr 264 veyor. Gutted by fire shortly after

its completion, which left only the walls standing, the stake undertook

Special Features to rebuild it. It was dedicated a second time, March 21, 1897, by George

Bertha S. Reeder Appointed President of Y.W.M.I.A. Q. Cannon of the First Presidency.

Marba C. Josephson 265

Thirtyfive Years of Scouting in the Church George Q. Morris 274

It's Out of This World—Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 287 New Subscription Price

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L* Evans 301

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Cook's Corner, Josephine B. live June 1, 1948

S. Harris, Jr 257 Nichols 3 1

These Times—The Nineveh Cure, America Is Eating More Canned Effective June 1, 1948, the sub-

G. Homer Durham 260 Foods 3 1 scription price of The ImproveAttitudes Religious of Noted Men, will $2.50 a year. This be Era ment 346 On the Bookrack Strong Leon M. 278 in subscriptions the for rate will be

Publications Church Eat, to Homing: Katherine Wheat possessions, States 351 United and CanaDissinger 3 1 Your Page and Ours 352 da, Mexico, South America, and

Central America. Subscriptions in all

will countries be $3.00 a year. Editorials other

of the price years over fifty For

The "New Look'* for Mothers Marba C. Josephson 304 The Improvement Era has been

held at under a year, sometimes $2.00 This is the Year, Now is the Time Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 304

trying conditions. howvery Now,

ever, printing and operating costs,

Stories, Poetry seemingly established at a permaMulek of Zarahemla—Chapter V J. N. Washburn 296 siblenentlyto highercontinuelevel,publicationmake it withoutimposHills of Joy, Ruth Harwood 265 At Evening, Edna S. Dustin 335 additional revenue.

Poetry Page 266 Family Memoirs, Bessie Saunders The new subscription price will continuation possible only not make FontispieceBPee? years, of past of the growth steady

inwill possible the also but Portrait of a Lady, J. Elaine Swain 313 sSil&UZS*v. Emans '...349 make

auguration of plans to make the Era move more rapidly toward its goal "The Best Church Magazine in the

Executive and Editorial Offices: World."

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Copyright 1948 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 a Editors: George Albert Smith, John A. Widtsoe.

year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $2.50 a year, in advance; 20c Managing Editor: Richard L. Evans.

single copy. Assistant Managing Editor: Doyle L. Green.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Associate Editor: Marba C. Josephson.

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for General Manager: George Q. Morris.

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Associate Manager: Lucy G. Cannon.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, Business Manager: John D. Giles.

J. Moffitt, Editorial Elizabeth Associates: Albert contributions. but welcomes

L. Zobell, Jr.

All sufficient manuscripts return. for delivery accompanied by must be postage and

F. Verl Scott Director: Advertising

of Address: Change

S. Representatives: Advertising National Edward

for address.Fifteen of days'notice required ordering please change a change, When Francisco Los Angeles; San and include Townsend, Dougan

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old and Bolle, Chicago and New York.

address as well as the new one is included. Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

APRIL CONFERENCE INDEX

Speakers Love of family 268, 312

Love of fellow men.272, 282

Benson, Ezra Taft.283

Love of God.268

Bowen, Albert E..280

Marriage.284

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr....270, 303, 312

Missionaries.292, 293, 300

Hunter, Milton R. 294

Mormon Battalion 292 Isaacson, Thorpe B..300

Obedience.269, 272, 295

Ivins, Antoine R. 291

Patriotism.—281

Kimball, Spencer W. 282

Power of the Priesthood278, 286

Kirkham, Oscar A. J292

Prayer 292 Lee, Harold B..281

Peace.290, 291

McConkie, Bruce R..295

Prophecy 293 McKay, David O. 272 Prophet of God, A 294

Merrill, Joseph F. -279

Religious Education 289, 300 Moyle, Henry D. 285

Repentance 300 Petersen, Mark E..284

Responsibility 285 Richards, George F.,276

Salvation for Dead 295 Richards, LeGrand 298 Smith, Joseph 279, 288, 292, 293, 295

Romney, Marion G. 288

Spirit of Gathering, The 281 Smith, Eldred G. 286

Spirit of God 298 Smith, George Albert 268, 269 Spiritual Progress 280 Qualified high school graduSmith, Joseph Fielding -277

Teaching 282 ates and college girls have a

Widtsoe, John A..278 golden opportunity to receive

Television 289 one of the finest professionalWirthlin, Joseph L 299

Temple Work 292 educations. If you are accepted

Young, Clifford E. 289 Testimony—278, 288 as a student nurse, you will preYoung, Levi Edgar 290 pare for a rewarding and useful

Tithing -270, 276 career. in one of may serve YouYoung, S. Dilworth 293 hospitals of with our great some 284 Tobacco

the finest men and women you Thrift 270 will ever know—our world:

Subjects Truth -.278 famous American doctors and

Utah Centennial—281 nurses.

Advice to Parents.312 Without Purse or Scrip -294 As a graduate nurse, many inAmerica 283 teresting fields will be open to

Word of Wisdom 279, 284 you. And when you marry, youAtonement.291

Work 280 will find your nursing education

Church History 268 invaluable in bringing up your

Church Welfare..285 Note: Four of the General Authorities family.

conference the general at did speak not infull hospital for Ask your 283Communism the of Stephen sessions: Elder L Richards formation entering about nursing route en the of Twelve, was Council who 283Constitution, The Inquire, scholtoo, about of school. tour Sister Richards from a with home

Counsel. 268 the South American missions; Elder Matarships and special loan funds

thew Cowley also of the Council of the available to qualified applicants.

Elijah -277 visitis Sister with Cowley Twelve, who Classes are filling up now! Pacific; Elder of the South ing the missions

283Eternal Principles..-282, the to Assistant E. McKay, Thomas

at his convalescing home was whoExhortation 269 Twelve, operation; following This Advertisement is a and Elder Alma an

Faith.282, 286, 289 Sonne, Assistant to the Twelve, who is Public Service of

of the Misas president serving European

Gathering 281 the The Producers of L. sion. President Richard Evans of

Genealogy.277 Councilday eveningof the priesthoodSeventy addressedsession, theat whichMonHappiness 300 session President George Albert Smith,

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and PresiHoly Ghost, The 288, 298 dent David O. McKay of the First Presidency also spoke; these addresses of theIndians. 294 priesthood session are not published. MORNING MILK

Keep the Commandments 269, 295 sionSpeechespresidents:were madeGrahamby fourH. Doxey,former Wilmis-

Liberty 283 liam H. Reeder, Jr., Dr. Thomas D. Rees,

and Thomas C. Romney, whose addresses

Love of Democracy 272 will appear later in the conference bulletin.

MAY 1948 259 rMOM.JSNT/IU The Nineveh Cure

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM &RATEDWM

Head of Political Science Department and

Director of the Institute of Government, WESAME?

University of Utah

"Deaffirming the "strong policy"**"enunciated as the "Truman Doctrine"March 12, 1947, Harry S.

Truman, President of the United Council and supposed military conStates, addressed a special session of tingents, represents the latest effort.

Congress March 17, 1948, and called Both land and sea power have meanfor ( 1 ) immediate enactment of the time bowed and recognized the instruEuropean Recovery Program, (2) imment the Wright Brothers flew first at mediate revival of Selective Service, Kitty Hawk, North Carolina, nearly and (3) enactment of a nationwide fifty years ago. Perhaps to dominate

program of universal military training. the skyoceans, as Britain did the

The immediate backdrop for this drama wateroceans of the past, is one clue was the violent death a few days earto security, or, as the recent Finletter lier of Jan Masaryk, the Czech foreign Commission (President Truman's ComHEAVENS,m final infiltration the and of mission Policy) Air on puts it, "Sur- /THAT'S WHY minister, CMiLD the governto dominate Communists vival in the Ait Age,"I ALWAYS BUY ONLY the While ment of Czechoslovakia.

for additional set being Comwas THE BRAND I AM stage conscious our world is not ftAYBE in action the imFinland munist and its sins. of OF! enough Perhaps what SURE Italian 18, elections April of portant

to is for of needed mankind enough larger is tried to gather the President a sit old, of down, as Nineveh and think stick hand: "speak for the American

softly and carry a big stick,"said matters through. That gem of literature,

the of hunbook Jonah, with its few Roosevelt. American The Theodore

retells of the our story dred words its stick, while in 1948; voice was loud

days,"Jonah, "Yet warned forty it times. enough, respectable, not big was

overthrown."Nineveh shall be seemed. "and in "y"Detonate "x"atomic bombs

time say the atomic scientists, and

VSThere"Americanlies security?CommunistsTheandfactpartythat atmosphereenough poisonto eliminateradiation allwillformsfill theof

liners oppose universal military trainlife on this planet.

ing has convinced some Americans that

U.M.T. is necessary; others feel that So the people of Nineveh believed God,

shouts of "crisis"are the nervous exand proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth,

Dark meat of tuna is never used in pressions of a critical election year, and from the greatest of them even to the least that although world communism is a of them.... And God saw their works,

their evil they turned and way; from this quality... only the brand things tender real menace, should quiet down that

evil, that said repented had he of the God 1 1948. after November it not. did he them; unto he would do and light packed. If you bought meat is

the of the most World, /utside New million quality a politicans, the secular to would humanistic, the ven "Jh at society, secure secure modern *-# it cal of planners 1948, might influence least foreign predatory from the same. be always duplicate to judgment seem good British. the invasion, been has The and CO., INC., SEA VAN CAMP it, FOOD warning, Jonah's to with recommend successfully Isles invaded never were Terminal Island, California reashes, sackcloth contemplation, and after foreign foe 1066 A.D. a by

as examination, remorseful prayer and its security of British a product was There's substitute no for turning of presentworld a from means fleet marine. This merchant and mighty relying "evil humanist, on ways."The tuna, use when you the controlled sea combined power

will, strength, courage, ingenuhuman waterways. world's oceans and The

ity, without powand power man God fleet foes merchantmen kept away. The

line belief's his er, in with be would materials the fro to and carried raw in "stimulate"logic attempting thus to maintained finished which products and activity. purposeful, saving human To standBritish industrialized, high, the

includes Deity, universe those whose this island living. of Within ard m00W if treatment, neglected, the Nineveh representative developed framework,

believers criminal of convict such must princivil liberty, the and government, the neglect. of the President Suppose enterfree private instruments cipal of

States, rulers as the of Nineveh, in United century world, prise. twentieth The of contemplation fundamental caused for inherits and sense, good no mean position our

ill, sea British of vices virtues the and power. to be proclaimed and published... saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor

"RTen have slowly been trying to shift flock, taste any thing: let them not feed,

beast water: drink be and But let man * from nor of policesafety the burden

sackcloth, cry mightily with and covered nation, with its armed individual their forces, to the larger worldcommunity. ijonab 3:5. 10

The new U. N., with its Security {Concluded on page 350)

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i t 'star"A any cw m

If you're "shooting"for smoother This extra OILPLATING stays up engine performance... for less added on cylinder -walls, won't all drain

oil between drains... make a date, down, even overnight! That means

today, to OILPLATE... with your engine is extrasafe from harmConoco Nth Motor Oil! ful combustion acids... extrasa.fe

... extraYou see, Conoco N/ (Patented) from "dryfriction"starts

contains a special, added ingredient safe, too, from sludge and carbon that fastens extra lubricant so closely caused by wear.

to metal that working parts are For "star"performance... extra

OILPLATED. protection, more miles per quart..

to OfLPLATE Copyright 1948, Continental MakeOil CompanyaMe

MAY 1948 261

Our finest, jfu fastest trains I IvC LnWeXv carry low fare chair cars TheTPheConferenceone hundred eighteenth annual Church/\NE ofMembershipthe most significant things to general conference of the Church -'be announced at the 118th annual

No other form of low - cost was more than the three days of gengeneral conference was that the memtransportation gives you the eral sessions, it was preceded and bership of the Church of Jesus Christ comfort, convenience, luxury succeeded by many meetings—some of Latterday Saints had now reached

and safety you get in chair cars official, as was the daylong meeting of a million souls.

and coaches on Southern Pathe mission presidents and the GenerFrom six members on April 6, 1830, cific trains. al Authorities in the Salt Lake Temto 1,016,170 on December 31, 1947—

ple, and others, like the reunions of the the date when the books were closed

You can read, write, play cards, various missionaries and veteran to compile the membership statistics to enjoy the scenery, or sleep as groups. be announced at the April conference

you ride. There's plenty of Also preceding the sessions of the—the record looks something like this:

room to move around and general conference was the twoday stretch your legs. Most trains conference of the Primary Association April 6, 1830 61

30,000"1840 this to of the year offer airconditioned are and Church—changed 60.000s 1850 April. Prithe enabled change The service. find porter You'll meals 80,000* 1860 their present to program mary summer delicious, in prices moderate 110.0005 1870

in officers their detail teachers, to and 160.0006 coffee dining cars. 1880 shop and

7 the did they throughout which two 205.000 1890 is train (Eating the half the on

festival days, ending a with summer 236,316s 1900 of traveling.) fun

in Salt the program Tabernacle 382,108s 1910 Lake 526.032 1920 entitled: All Shall drivNations does the Be "And The engineer 7"670,01 1930 Zion."Gathered ing. Unto relax, in perfect comYou 13 "803.528 1940 build of plans to approval a The fort, the matter no what 70"1 948 1,016, for building the ChilPrimary new rails outside. Steel weather are

the safest highway ever built. dren's Hospital was announced at this What wasn't announced at the conwill meeting. building combe The all of fact that the ference memwas all this to cost a expect pletely will overlook City and modern Zion, in affiliated of stakes the bers

it doesn't. and Coach located being Canyon, Creek between You'dlot—but for 100.2 every are there women now

15 fares chair car are low, very the the of rim Hospital Veterans'and men. hundred one

finest, are the canyon. our and good on

division the into checked We the evening conference fastest trains: Sunday City On The San of that sexes. found Church the of Wefurther its held Deseret School Sunday Union Francisco Francisco and San availimmediately statistics not were traditional conference, semiannual Overland, FranChicago-San census States that the able, United but featured President address an which by cisco via the Ogden; Golden populathe for were. figures As Utah general former a David O. McKay, State Imperial, and Chicagopredomi- been has tion of always Utah superintendent of the School Sunday via Angeles Los Paso; El the following the Saint, Latterday nantly Union. Limited, Sunset Orleansis interesting. table New In at sesthe attendance Sunday

Angeles; the Beaver, Los San sions the general of conference was Females Per 100 Males FranciscoPortland; the and greatPrucka, E. Mrs. a Norman Foreign Native All Daylights, Franbetween San of the granddaughter Prophet Joseph born races Year ciscoOakland-Sacramento born and Smith. Prucka, a staunch Mrs. mem107.5 102.6 1940 102.218 Angeles. of Los Seats on many the the ber Reorganized Church 119.9"103.5 104.9 of 1930

18 these trains are Saints, of numbered and Christ Jesus was 126.7"Latter Day 104.0 106.8 1920

reserved. Reservations may be a guest of President George Albert 1910 111.5 106.5 139.1

made in advance at any railSmith. 1900 104.9 104.6 106.0

office. ticket road (Nominal evening the Tabernacle was Monday 1:76 W.H.C.

filled this in England. fare for extra again to overflowing, time 1,700 members the extra there charged 1840 were by 2In May

is approximation. Total 1:312.) Star (Millennial priesthood. of the bearers fast were State Golden City They and of (Millennial in England. members 329.000

in states eastern in others and First the in Presidency, addressed 11.000 Utah; and by 89.) Francisco.) San Star 12:

is approximation. Total Europe. L. the continental President Richard Evans of by for census Utah 13.853: records British Mission too, children unRemember, approxiis Total Saints. First Latterday mostly 40,273, Council of the Seventy.

mation. free, der five years of age ride

special evening meeting a British Tuesday Mission 8,804; in Utah, 82,000; EMembers five for inclusive to eleven total is approximation. held, direction of the the under half was Star in (Millennial Great Basin. 140.000 members fare. the Salt Bishopric, in Presiding Lake is approximation. Total 44:271.)

Next time/ try chair cars and Tabernacle, for ward bishoprics, 'Approximation8Records, Presiding Bishop's Office stake Aaronic Priesthood 1910 April Report, comConference coaches onS.P. trains. clerks,

April 1920 Report, Conference mittees, for the adult committees stake

April 1930 "Conference Report members of the Aaronic Priesthood, "Conference Report April 1940 stake and ward committees on ward rett,MaterialWilliamcoveredEdwin,by footnotesDoctrines 2 ofto 12the from,RestoredBerteaching, adviser members of high Church, Salt Lake City, 1941, 286.

Report read by Joseph W. Anderson, for councils Saint girls, Latterday and April"Statistical 6, 1948 S*P building supervisors. 'Records, the stake Office Bishop's Presiding At that

16For instance, nativeborn males outJapanese females, nativeborn 112.0 to 100.0 The friendly time their problems were discussed. numbered

foreignborn 17Japanese males outnumbered foreignfemales, Southern Pacific Wednesday morning saw a special born 255.2 to 100.0

in for meeting Temple, the Salt Lake nativeborn nativeborn males Japanese outnumber O. V. Gibson, General Agent 114.5 females, to 100.0 presidencies stake and ward bishJapanese foreignborn males foreign14 S. outnumbered St., Salt Main Lake City 1, Utah theops. females, born to 100.0 378.5

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1890 113.3 1880 107.3 Harvest Everythingfrom

1870 103.4 1860 101.220

1850 113.3

England has always furnished the largest number of foreignborn residents of Utah, with 51.7 percent of the

foreignborn in 1850, 55.6 percent in1860, 52.4 percent in 1870, but only Grass Seeds

22.3 percent of the state's 32,298

foreignborn in 1940.

Dr. Leon E. Truesdell, Population, Second Series,

Characteristics of the Population, Utah, U. S. Government Printing Office, Washington, 1941, page 10Latterday Saint Wins to Giant Beans

Speaking Awards Tn a recent speech tournament held in fl&h * McMinnville, Oregon, in which forty colleges and universities of the entire western states participated,

Wallace R. Bennett of the Twelfth

Ward in Salt Lake City, Utah, won the senior men's impromptu speaking championship and also won second place in the extemporaneous speaking.

Tabernacle Organ

"D ebuilding and modernization of the ** Salt Lake Tabernacle organ began soon after the completion of the April general conference and will go forward for several months. The work will be

so arranged that the daily organ recitals and the weekly radio broadcasts may continue uninterrupted.

Many of the original pioneerbuilt pipes will be retained, and the exterior farmers with wide combine experience about theappearance of this musical instrument # Ask that is known around the world will 6-foot Case "A."Mention toughhulled seeds and they

not be altered. praise the way its mighty cylinder threshes them out. Speak

organ to of the section The first be of brittle grains or beans, and they tell you how accurately organ, comantiphonal is theinstalled pleted by AeolianSkinner Organ the "A"cylinder adjusts to avoid damage.

or- "echo"Boston. This ofCompany If your straw is rank and soggy, they will tell you the of end the east will be atgan, which

the balcony, will be used for all purfull length straw rack and its bottombeating action save poses while workmen are engaged in every possible kernel. Talk about troublesome trash, and

organ. therebuilding main they tell you how Case AirLift cleaning keeps sieves clear, of the modern some and The console

portions of the present organ will be lets seeds fall free.

in the to and installedsent Provo JoWhen owners call the "A"the "most capable combine building at Brigham Young Smithseph

University. ever built"they mean thorough threshing, "graingetting"

separation, good cleaning. They mean capacity for extra

WelfareChurch acres in crops, going to keep when good ENDURANCE macaroni of spaghetti and tonsHTwo are tough. about the Model Ask your Case dealer now Sugar House things produced by the * were

Stake in late March as part of the "A"combine and its record in crops and conditions like

Church welfare plan. The initial proyour own.

duction was more or less an experiment that "it could be done."Stake PresiIf he cannot promise immediate delivery, don't be disdent Elbert R. Curtis and his stake are couraged. It's worth waiting a little longer to get the combine

possibility the of purchasinvestigating most eagerly bought by farmers who know combines best. equipment for a anding machinery

welfare plant that will have a three thousand pound daily capacity. New LowCost 5-Foot Combine. The

A list of welfare produced supplies Case Model "F-2"is just the right size (of which macaroni and spaghetti are for powertake-off operation with light the newest members) would surprise 2-plow tractors. Its swinging hitch lets

most people with its scope. There are you drive right through 10foot gates.

farms in nearly every stake, citrus Its easy, accurate concave adjustment projects in southern Arizona and southand other conveniences make it a joy ern California; walnuts, grapes, and to operate. Send for full information

olives in northern California; pea vinon any model of Case combine, any

size tractor, of any implements, haying at Salt City; factory soap Lakeery and

need. that machines you or corn may at plant Utah; St. George, andsorghum

I. E-44, Racine, Co., Dept. Case Wis. J. others. (Concluded on page 317)many

MAY 1948 263 the Conference Story

I sat special arrangement MA'N AT <*tfc SOUTH in the By ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

LAKE CITY. SALT control souththe UTAHST radio booth in

By west corner of the historic Salt

N EOF THE LakewaitingTabernaclefor the thirdMondaysession morningof the

GREAT HOTELS 118th annual general conference of the

OF THE WE ST Church to begin. Thousands of people was going on. The electrical impulses

—but their number represented about activated by the television camera, one percent of the Church—were takwere taken by wire to the seven teleing their seats in the building. There, vision receiving units located at various

left their thousands had among the who Hall, in places one and the Assembly enjoyableFor a more businesses a weekday on and visit homes set in the of Information. TeleBureau in Salt Lake Citywhen story. morning, a conference was vision in the cameras were Tabset upstay at the Newhouse A KSL technician who had been ernacle to catch the speaker as well as

Hotel.. 400 Modern making some last minute changes in the a threequarter view of the Tabernacle

Rooms each with private wiring,place; someonedropped elsethe lastin thewireboothbackwhisinto ofchoirthe andconferenceorgan. Thisstory.was a new part

conference pered,bath minute,"and "One street the stories Across three and begin. picked to about up an delicious food in wasEnjoy interesting is another conference

its heard earphone and make IKSL... recording of the conferenceour new I story—theup then announcement, conference and

proceedings on phonograph records Ultra Modern instrument the the hands on watched or correctly, sixteeninch more on action. into us before panel go From COFFEE SHOP transcription of records acetatecoated and the panel, that ninedialed from and Distinctively Beautiful aluminum. records turn exThese control larger stood on board which ceedingly revolutions a DININGROYAL ROOM slow—33H floor, being the of the volume what was Air Conditioned Both as minute with seventyeight compared controlled. said said know,""You was revolutions regular of a phonograph Facilities AdjacentGarage operator, the a dozen have "we KSL record, fifwill side but one for play there, ranging from out microphones

teen minutes. records, too, unwind The their roof, pulpit the use being to the

governed by what is being said, sung, from inside out, rather than outside in.

filed will records These in the be at the only or played moment. Not

historian's library, Church the with controlling the the of are volume we other transcription recordings which building, in this speakers but loud we date to the back general of conference syspublic operating address also are tems on the grounds and in the adApril 1938. Undoubtedly the time will

joining Assembly Hall to care for overcome when the conference will be recorded else something on these besides is radio big job the flow crowds. Then

big records, this but at the time present 'driving* are the only KSL we—not is transcription of method considered this conference, transmitter but with

be superior to both wire and tape arrangeto also the has Church made recording. to broadcast from a miniature ments network, so to speak. Radio stations A duplicate set of recordings was

KID, Idaho Falls; KDSH, Boise, made of this conference and airex-

KEYY, Pocatello; all in Idaho; KJAM, pressed to Mesa, Arizona, where it

Vernal, KSVC, Richfield; and KSUB, was used in delayed broadcasts by

Cedar City; all in Utah."And I radio station KTYL, and thousands of

attending conference in this manner. Saints personal of whose—thousandsthought: Here is the conference story other Saints had the opportunity of another part of the conAnd that is for pressing too affairs were them to

leave home, field, or business, could ference story.

merely by touching a switch and tuning These dictaphone records, earlier a dial, wherever they were, have the referred to, were transcribed, and the conference brought to them. typed transcript was referred to the

Church leader whose speech it T""\own in front were two veteran was. He returned it to The Improveshorthand reporters—Frank W. ment Era after making whatever

Otterstrom and Joseph Anderson changes he deemed necessary. At least

a familiar sight at the conference sestwo members of the editorial staff read sions for as far back as most people it now, checking scripture, and making can remember. the editorial style conform. As the

In another part of the Tabernacle a original galley proofs came back from continuous dictaphone record of conthe printer, the speech was again reference proceedings is made, and these ferred to the Church leader who records are transcribed and checked gave it his final approval. At least two

under the direction of Frank Ottermembers of the editorial staff read the strom for The Improvement Era to galley for corrections, and read the use to report the conference. page proof on each speech. And that

Featured for the first time at this is a part of the conference story.

conference was television, which enLater the official Conference Report abled the overflow crowds in the Aswill be published under the direction sembly Hall and the Bureau of Inof Joseph Anderson.

formation to see as well as hear what (Conducted on page 320)

BERTHA S. REEDER Appointed President of the

YOUNG WOMEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

t arvaba C-. do&epk.oieph6on

lifetime of activity in the Church THIS auxiliaries eminently qualifies Sister Bertha J. S. Reeder of Ogden,AUtah, for her new calling as General HANDSOME

President of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association, suc- 9-inch ceeding Sister Lucy Grant Cannon.

girl Sister young beAs a Reeder GENUINE organist for hercame ward Sunday

School. Later she was called, while

only seventeen, to the stake board of S1AINLESSI the Sunday School, in which capacity for years, threeshe served part of the STEELtime the direction under late the of

Dr. William M. McKay. She was ward SERRATED

president in of the Y.W.M.I.A. the PLASTICHANDLE p EDGE/ for five years.Ogden Eighth Ward

For ten years she was a member of Ideal for the stake presidency of the Primary

Association of Mt. Ogden Stake, PRESIDENT BERTHA J. 5. REEDER

which position she still retained after Fruits she had been called to the general acSLICING of her facts the are Vegetables bare These the of Primary.board She been had

m. indicate in the exand no wayon the general for Primary a tivities board Cheese

spirit, zeal, th,e ceptional great and little her over a year husband, whenJudge William H. Reeder, Jr., was other rare qualities that Sister Reeder KNIFE etc./

called to preside over the New Engpossesses. Humility is one of her great for only r '-\land States Mission, and she was called characteristics—true humility that is

to conduct the auxiliary organizations, generously mixed with genuine courpr 1 to manage a seventeenroom mission age..- -v hfj "

forhome, infinite capacity for six meals as has people cook an She work in coin PLUS r*Wif"ACTUALwell as willingness three an as times well any guests, as a and a day, to work in addition to doing the eagerness to other countless count. She make her work label the from a can of rr SIZE "400"jobs the rare vision concerning with the of possesses that go management Pabco CinDek

a home. things that need to be done in addition Enamel. Mail, with your SHOWN

address, to and name for to Sister them. Brother the ability and Reeder served to do Gift HERE/

Paraffine Dept., The Comfive onehalf mission. years and on this

Inc., panies, 475 Brannan

there, experience her withFrom both St., TUTer Calif. husband she have always Trancisco and San 19,

the missionaries and with investigators A been keen students of the Church Offer expiresJune 3 0, 1948 in of the addition Church,and members its history. doctrine Reeder and Judge Attested 794to activity at her she learned home, has obtaining habit of has a lifelong made RETAIL VALUE! will that in valuable her provemuch truly a has books and Church now disas a gift for almost reYours position, as to well as thenew young beauty the unrivaled covering collection them. of of markable 1,500

gloss provided by and color of calledpeople has she over been whom all issues of of the are them "400"Among Enamel! Pabco CinDekto preside. easybrushing means CinDek priceless Seasons, copy a Times and

'..-.;... greater coverage after return, Shortly her she while the the of of it Commandments, Book longer today.fromand wear. Buy

visiting her daughter, Oertel Mrs. listedwas dealer in the the Pabco first of of editions the MorBook Classified Section. Phone BookRiley, Blackfoot, Idaho, of she was it in into language every which mon

firstelected vice president the of I first translated, editions has been and

Weber County Daughters of the Pioof the Doctrine and Covenants in the neers. languages in which it has been published.

They are also lovers of the outof-

HILLS OF JOY doors and great fishermen. In fact,

By Ruth Harwood they resemble Peter in the Bible who would go fishing when troubles became

A whole field upon a hill slope too great to bear. Many problems

** Of golden glowing mustard bloom, resolve themselves for the Reeders

Tall and swaying in the warm wind, when they sit at the end of a pole and

With delicate and fresh perfume, wait for the fish to nibble and finally

A yellow dancing radiance bite and then land in their baskets. Against a clear blue springtime sky, The best wishes of the countless PABCO

And bees in murmurous soft music numbers of boys and girls, men and CINDEK "400"high. low and Weave lives bettered have whose women been joy-—patterns ENAMEL of Sister diligence Reeder's life's hillLet us dance, slope because too, upon in

and testimony, and the Church In shining such brotherhood, a in happy USis yourtaxed,A. state,Voidlicensed,countyif thisrestrictedformor city.of at large Goodmerchandisingprohibitedonly

The world all glad and free and golden, will wish her success and happiness in

And all its children beautiful and good! her new assignment.

MAY 1948 265 TO GREATGRANDMOTHER By Helen Baker Adams

J never saw your laughing Irish eyes

That long ago played captive to the lad

You met and straightway loved upon the wise clad faith that the sea; nor knew

quiet one by when, hope with THE QUIET WOMAN SONNET FOR MOTHER AuspiciousYour heart one, By Margery S. Stewart By Elaine V. Emans sturdy sons were soldierclad. Your Six

smile fare simple soul fed such her strangers upon to she spoke how "Oemember She the I were tears know. Thrust away, You *- children's firelight her shadowing come As one hair; little street thy gates, the Within and down slightest grandchild's glorified each Who the of silver lived wind, slow on, to whips pausing bows than once She more The

wile. ballerinas could arouse greet snowflake Of your them on danced to and them sang You delight. alien race, child's others with and a stirred wonder met Some by dumbA knee. of staring, corridors through alone indeed and walked some by She blarneying tales of your old quaint gay The night. see could thick connot of them out UnfriendlyWho to me. are Celtic wit myths of your And ceit? rich impoveror with care touched She sing heard you nor held your hand heart. their ished coming she Remember made how

.. spirit. springs your they say yet IAndnever start swift his of sorrow, the sweet fox Knowing apace for teeth, his outstretched smile hand wakefulness, dagger and WithTo face! your never eyes saw Within who my night both medium? and day he Because gnawed

beneath Her heart. Spurning feasts, supping austere And so, I thought, there must be many

bread, there She never dreamed how richly she was fed. To welcome her in turn, in unknown space,

Strange as she must have felt in upper air; SHARING

But then I knew it were enough. Thy

By Catherine E. Berry face SPENDTHRIFT OF COURAGE she would turn, with light upon her And

hair, By Ida Elaine James speak to the newcomers to the place. And It's Tofun,sweepmy dear,and dustto planeach gayroom,meals.

''VTou're sweeter far in cottons, dear,"To light white candles in the dusk * (To each of her precious five; Of evening's purple gloom.

that mothers An art at curtains can connive SEA GULLS It's fun to hang crisp barren year).From a many

clear, sparkling window, Each E. Asper By James To a wistful smile like an old dream'sWith Totie welcomea ribbon you,in mymyhairdear. ghost of sea 'I 'he wild cawing gulls above the

prettiest tied the sash She * sealap; or drudgery There's never work it hid the patch vowedAnd birds state the of Beehive... almost... Honored I do; In anything could nothing abash And like gliders granite Soaring the above in home, our There's magic my love.

Normandy, Because it's shared with you! fire in that kindled her eyesWhite of Salt the the Great beach on Lake Land

told, tales tender she The salt silvers hourglass with sand Where belies with what and gaySo warm Zion. of Sea Of the Red

old. slow, pulse too and A

She whisked them off with a playful shove This savedis theirfromland;the thisblackis cricket:the place they REVELATION

the fierce of a bear hug And 'Fortyeight the gulls, That day in when.. in shining love; the party.. CladTo thier the By Pansye H. Powell Deserting secret sands, clouded

prettiest there. the be They'd sky to close old of patriarchs God; were THE flying multitude, their to inland the With the rushing his voice upon heard They a fog throughSpendthrift courage, of stricken land, the of dust wheat wind fingered dresses party She the devils crops, the from gaunt Gorged help. them he that could only.. knew catalog.In And hidden a shyly then,

find tresses, Ruthie's for mauve The return. to disgorge and westward Winged

cleft, rod. in the serpent the waters The

his deathangel dark trembled Lil's when throat, for They stately proud rucheThat their poet windglide can seawatch What trod for red arrogant Peggy; The ward nor streets; deaf they not were Familiar note certain plaid add wouldThe salt to the Slanting shore, listen to their or

blind tall Sue make And brittle aless—leggy bark

that behind lay awful majesty To the line? sea writing without foam, a Above his of strike, the thunder lightning's His forBrilliants pale. divinely Beth, writing, Then

nod. in basket! the dropped book The their history and Musing saying ail—"Mother! What on their I but eulogize Homer, I would Were gift, their of lost the magic not have it?"Pa. We earthWhydoesask "Why nothing, epic now Sinai. to takes each man For autumn their long to the wind, As wings waken

in the evening soft whisper winds and When return they

WARBLERS AND CHERRY To the sea and to God. He speakshush, where purple aster blossoms lift

BLOSSOMS Their heads to hear the angels passing by

By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys And every sumac is a burning bush.

see a fairy palace loom I Beside the window of my room,

White cherry tree in fragile bloom. RAIN MAKER

I hear the warblers as they sing

Their whispersongs. The joy of spring By Thelma Ireland

Is in each flash of tiny wing.

Scientists can now bring rain.

Bright happiness they bring to me This fact has brought them fame.

And leave a songsweet memory But let me hang my washing out,

Of birds in scented cherry tree. And I can do the same.

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IBBfe

:: s: >"r:!:t:;:r

wF

. T'---':Jh:--.":::i;::.:.:r

lIif;;;: i;:

Illlilll"1=P

fill-. oiui6e( AND ENCOURAGEMENT

BY PRESIDENT

am sure that all present, this morning, have every reason to be grate-

I ful to the Lord for our blessings.

Seated, as we are, in this comfortable

Tabernacle, although the weather is inclement, we, here, and in the adjoining building, are comfortable and beAddress delivered at the Sunday cause of the intelligence of men, demorning session of the 118th vices have been provided so that we annual general conference, can both see and hear even in separate April 4, 1948, in the buildings arid some distance apart. Tabernacle

A hundred eighteen years ago next

Tuesday the Church of Jesus Christ of call ranch four houses; them would we organized Latterday Saints under was

I think, the but these days, houses the direction of our Father Heavenly and his beloved Son, Jesus Christ. The Prophet of the Lord conceived the idea

Savior later directed, in a very positive of building Zion in that particular part way by revelation, that the Church of the world.

should b$ called after his nanae—the The result was that the people who

(** Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday were driven from Missouri and other

Saints. There were but a few people places and who were coming in from

r\ in the room when the Church was orEurope began the building of the City PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH ganized, and they were not very popuBeautiful—Nauvoo—on one of the

sites city for picturesque along most a all lar. of righteousness The enemy Christ. of started the gospel Jesus They the River, Mississippi drained they and disturb already to those had begun who that of part scattered west, being from it soil the that not so be would swampy believed that received Smith had Joseph the country, majority of the them and for unhealthful them. and plates the the from of which Book the journey with began west wagons

translated. built established was was homes, a They Mormon He as could animals such they drawn by

to place from, place beautiful that raised their temple, hounded from crops, and in obtain, arrived eventually they and for on, time less that in did not than wrOhg any he years seven Nauvoo was valley Salt the the of Lake. Great

The Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum had been martyred, alIt may be of interest when we think of the desecrathough the Prophet had indicated in a long before not very preached tion sermon speak in our Sabbath day own of the of land—I

out, in the driven people which were the land that has been set apart day by of America—-a

to persecution said that the them he many people for their vacations and for their pleaswould continue and that eventually ures, notwithstanding there thundered down from they would go to the tops of the Rocky a mighty peoand become Sinai one of the Ten Commandments that we should Mountains, thereof. ple in the midst

honor the Sabbath day and keep it holy. If he had never predicted anything

else, that of itself indicated he was a prophet of God.

but for the same reason that the prophthe largest city in the state of Illinois. In 1847, the vanguard of those people

ets of old had to suffer for teaching the Chicago then had a population of aparrived in this valley, and others foltruth. proximately five thousand; Springfield, lowed, until most of the people who

Organized as it was in the state of Illinois, a population of approximately had lived in Nauvoo were located here.

New York the first branches were twelve thousand. Nauvoo, in someLater, approximately four thousand of

there, and then, under pressure, memthing over six years, became a city of bers of the Church moved to Kirtland, approximately twenty thousand souls.

Ohio, and there were made uncomfortIt has been marvelous how the Lord In a hundred years, the able, not because of anything they had has brought into the hearts and minds done to disturb their neighbors, but of individuals a desire to pray and name of a church that was because they testified that God had worship as he would have them to do. held in derision by many

latter in this spoken day and that, to

Tn the year 1846, the beautiful city of of our Father's children, sacrilegious. people, seemed many

The Church moved from place to Nauvoo was destroyed by mobs of has become honored by place, continuing to grow, and I may wicked men who were determined that the great and the good say that every day, when the sun set, the Latterday Saints should not live and the wise men and found the Church larger than it had there, and they drove the helpless peobeen when the sun arose that morning. ple across the Mississippi River, from women of the world.

Eventually the people assembled in where began their pilgrimage to the

Jackson and other counties in MisRocky Mountains. Of course we have the Saints who had come from the

souri, and then from there went to an idea that the property that we poseastern part of the United States and

Commerce, Illinois, which later besessed as a people was an inducement, from across the sea were assembled at came the city of Nauvoo. Commerce but one of the principal reasons was Iowa City on the Mississippi River,

was only a small place, with three or they hated the people who believed in (Continued on page 310) 268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Tuesday afternoon session of the 1 18th annual general conference, April 6, 1948, in the Tabernacle

der if you will give me something toKEEP THE ommanameridmevits do?"The foreman said, "Certainly I C will; come right in."So the young man

began work in the very city where he had been laboring as a missionaryfalls to my lot as the President of met the young applicant on the street He avoided the members of the

Itthe Church to make some concludtwo or three days after, and asked him, Church; he didn't go to meeting; he

ing remarks. 'How did you come out?'The young kept away from them because he was

I would like to ask all of you, could man said, 'I didn't succeed. The man afraid the men who employed him

you imagine any other place that we asked me a few questions and then who were not members of the Church could have been during the past three remarked, "I think we had better not would not give him the same kind of days, where we would have been neartry it out together."opportunity for advancement if they

er to our Heavenly Father than we Sometime later the two businessmen knew who he was. But he was a

have in this great conference? Is there met, and the member asked the nongood worker and kept at it for some

any place in the world where you member why the young man had not time.

could gather together a group of men been employed. He replied, "When One day, after he had been there

who, one after another, would stand on the missionary came into my office, he about three months, the shop foreman their feet and bear witness that they told me you had sent him. I thought called him and said, "You had better

know the gospel is here and that we to myself, this is my opportunity. He go upstairs; the president wants to see

are partakers of it and testify of the was a finelooking young fellow and you."The president had told the shop

blessings that result from keeping the appeared satisfactory to me. As he foreman that he needed a young man

commandments of our Heavenly Faentered the office, I was smoking my for another department who had abilther? pipe, and all at once he took a cigaret ity. He wanted a young man with a

The brethren have reminded me of out of his pocket and lit it, and we good education. He said, "Look around,

one or two little incidents that I think started to talk. I said to him, 'I and if you can find such a man as that,

I will relate. One has to do with a thought you were a member of the let me know."

cigaret. One of our missionaries who Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday The foreman replied, "We have just

filled a good mission came home and Saints.'He replied, 'I am,'and I said, such a man working for us right now."

sought employment and was unable to 'I thought you were a returned mission- "Already in our employ?"the presiary.'it here. find a smoker been had He

mission, his but he before went on he "Tm'I am,'sorry,he Ianswered.wanted just such an dent"Yes."asked.

had quit, so when he came back and individual as I thought you might be, but became a little bit discouraged, he took what are you smoking for?'and the The president said, "That pleases

up his habit of smoking again. About young man said, 'You are smoking; me. Send him up to see me."So the

that time a nonLatter-day Saint busiwhy shouldn't / smoke?'I said, 'The young man, not knowing what the cirnessman spoke to one of the prominent difference is this: You have been cumstances were, reported to the presmen of the Church, also in business, taught that it is not a proper thing to ident's office and said, "I understand,

and said, "I need a man to come smoke; I was never taught that. You Mr. Grant, that you want to speak to

into my business, one that is capable are violating the advice and desires of me."

and able to grow to take my place, those who love you, and I think there He answered, "Yes. Have you been

because I want to retire after a is no use discussing this matter any sent up by the shop foreman?"

while. I can pay him a good salary, further. I will just say that I haven't The young man replied, "Yes, sir."

I that, while and have concluded I am I "Please to sit down. want know any position"ready for you, and we'll

part.'not I would of your Church, a member something I'd like about to you; know

where you are from."

"Well,"the young man said, "I live "If you haven't the courage to stand up for your away out in the Rocky Mountains."

faith, what good are you?"That was the first hedge.

"But, what part of the Rocky Mountains?"

like to have one of your returned misThat young man lost a fine position "Well,"he replied, "not very far sionaries. They have had such wonbecause he had that filthy habit, and from Idaho."

I've that's the experiences, onlyderful of them. I can word many are think of "But what doing here?"you

fills talk. that exactly the bill. of If oneheard some of them just now said, he "I'm "Well,"here working

them comes home and you know of as one of your employees."

him, you don't need to tell him what it A nother instance that may be of in- "Were you ever here before?"

is all about, just send him to me with 7 terest: one of our missionaries re- "Yes."

the understanding that there may be a turned from the Eastern States where he "Do you know anybody here in the position. I'd like to interrogate him."had become acquainted with a shop city?"

Not long after that the young man foreman in a large manufacturing es- "Not very many, just two or three."

who had been seeking work visited the tablishment, and after returning home "Well, I don't quite understand why office of the brother who told me this he tried for some time to secure emyou came back here for employment."

story. He said to the young man: "I ployment but was not successful. I want to say before going any furthink I know where you can find emFinally he said to himself, "Well, I ther, the president knew all about this

ployment."He sent the returned misbelieve if I go back East, my friend boy. He had had somebody check his

sionary to the individual who had told there will give me a job."record, and so when he kept hedging,

him without hesitation what he wanted. He was a very fine, capable young the president asked, "But who are your

This returned missionary was a fine, fellow, but the friend that he spoke of friends here?"

intelligent, young fellow, and he supdid not know that he was a member "Oh,"he replied, "they're just peoposed it meant a job for him. of the Church. So when he went to ple that work around town."

Our Church businessman said, "I him and said, "I've come back. I won- {Continued on page 328)

MAY 1948 269

Address delivered at the Tuesday morning session of the 118th annual general conference, April 6, 1948, in the Tabernacle Against the

individuals has beour standard As financial the reading annualBefore need, our nor comfort not our come, prestatement, a note few may we of are only, luxury. us our but Many matters, of liminary by some way

willing bring ourselves to yet under not like saidrepetition has of on what been quit not control only to spending and heretofore:occasions

all all savings, also of are but our we River, 22, Fishing Missouri, June At in addition, in running making, and 'the declared that the 1834, comLord instalment buying. young debt on Our congiven he which hadmandments

particularly returned people, our boys her should becerning Zion law and inveigled the service, are being from fulfilled reZion's after andexecuted that, in cases, into running debts most 105:34.)demption.* (D. This C. &

all (if their will they surplus take have the of operation Unitedsuspended years, for to the ten next twenty any) Missouri. in TheOrder theZion—i.e., condicircumstances under and and

for thereafter time a continuedOrder lose will tions that to cause them later in discontinued Kirtland, but was their into everything put they have there. if to there ventures, should them come following In the immediately years illness, accident, or incapacitating any for plan there organized meetno was if if the times or hard or death came, ofing the the Church, needs and money that predict and so should come many increassituation financialthe became beginning. that fear are even some PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. now

serious.ingly

In July of 1838 (four years after the

Fishing River revelation) the Prophet be met any unusual expenditures not proTnemployment is increasing, and if was again in Missouri, at Far West. vided for in the budget, either as to budget * it continues it could become seriOn the eighth of the month, the Prophitems or as to special or unforeseen expendious. In that event, if we shall follow

et, urged by the serious financial needs tures. This contingent reserve is likewise the pattern other countries have folof the Church, went to the Lord, enspent under the authorization of the Comlowed, we must not be too surprised

mittee the reserve Expenditures. on In 1947 ifquiring: the last people, over the accustomed

little set eight the a of up over percent was of standard to years a certain few total appropriations the budget genfrom servant thy unto Lord! how Show O to living not enough having money and this of funds year the Church; (1948 of eral properties requirest of the thoumuch

to will enable that things the them buy this five budget) reserve perequals about 3:44.) for a tithing.thy people (D.H.C.

cent of the itemized budget. Last year the continue that standard of living, raise

The Lord answered with two revelareserve was more than ample to cover the the cry that there is not enough money.

supplementary It is appropriations. befirst tithing giving of the this has law cry countries In other whentions—the

lieved the reserve likefor this year will be fixing the other insistent sufficiently and the from C. 119), and become (D. &

wise sufficient. its distribution. C. 1 20. ( D. sufficiently they of haveorder 6 large numbers,

as revelations, to these printing and to going presses Pursuant started the All unexpended appropriations lapse the conferences, recent at the delusionexplained print under always money, with fiscal the of the end are year and Distributhe saferestrictions on has that the and a CouncilChurch presumed returned into are to and the absorbed First the of Tithes, uption provided, are then would of made guards which general funds of the subject Church, to the flood of Twelve, Council the stopping of the enablePresidency, the money appropriation therefrom other as are it Bishopric. This But Presiding dangerous. the before becomesand like funds. Church

Council considers the proposed budget again, if the pattern of other countries of the Church, which is itemized under The expenditures of the Church are worked out here, it would not be posgeneral headings, and then approves increasing at what seems to me to be sible to stop this flood of paper money and authorizes such expenditures as it a disquieting rate. For the ten years once it was well started, and then

deems proper. 1936 to 1945, both inclusive, the averwould follow the inflation that ruins

expenditure from general our this of Council those on age of wealthy, but subcommittee not the very A Church just under $5,000,- funds was then makes Tithes of Distribution means withthe moderate and those means the detailed appropriations from the 000 annually. As we reported to you that are less than moderate. In other

sums approved and authorized by the at the last April conference, the exwords, the poor people are the ones

Council. This subcommittee is known penditures for 1946 equaled $6,890,000 who always suffer most in such finanas the Committee on Expenditures, and from general Church funds, and, incial debacles. Our people should reis made up of the First Presidency, cluding all other cash expenditures member the lessons of history, even

three members of the Council of the made by the people on various acvery recent history, and do all they

Twelve, and the Presiding Bishopric. counts, the expenditures amounted in can to avoid this catastrophe, for such

total to shall see, $12,310,000. As we in past acts the unto be proved Building Committee always it has ChurchA for expenditures 1947 $11,263,- were on of the Committee direction theder for spending, to own Church As my of general out 000 funds Church Secretary FinancialExpenditures, The I like people the to part, urge should in (or $4,373,000 than more 1946), the as acts Presidency Firstto the for cathedrals building ward to cease total the while expenditures, cash genExpen- on Committee of thesecretary furnishing stop meetinghouses, to and eral funds, plus nonbudget confundsditures. I think if palaces. as they were them tributed the people, $18,919,- by were

First Presthat the to you, I should say the (or Counauthorized 000 $6,609,000 by than 1946). more budgetThe

is of building the urging not idency total cash including expenditures, Tithes of is The Distribution * cil the on buildings; luxurious these expensive, items for budget and 1948 nonbudget parts: of two upmade the that often consider indeed, they at are put over $20,000,000.

is authorizations thereby the people placed 1. load approved regular upon The I that observe no may we owe

items covered by variousfor the unwise; unfair they both and feel we shall to not the money. have borrow We necesas estimated in amounts thebudget, in moderate well could be more much in to budget. our But any meet money the of Church the to work carry onsary expenditures. of our many all view, more watch own my we must expenditure; and item offor each

2. A contingent reserve out of which can carefully our spending. The Lord still does not look at the

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERa.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCYtilHC Ol V (eed a2aL

magnificence of our meetinghouses, nor trite spirit of his children, and as he It is not the place in which we meet, at the luxury of the pews, nor at our said when he walked with his apostles but the spirit in which we gather toexpensive carpeting, nor at our overin the Holy Land: gether that concerns the Lord, Not

stuffed furniture and the mahogany pride but humility brings him into our chairs of the foyer and of the high... where two or three are gathered tomidst.

council and other rooms. The Lord still gether in my name, there am I in the midst I will now read the financial statelooks at the humble heart and the conof them. (Matthew 18:20.) ment:

1947 Financial and Statistical Report

CHURCH DISBURSEMENTS—1947

PART 1—CHURCH BUDGET CASH EXPENDITURES

FROM GENERAL CHURCH FUNDS, BOTH TITHING AND NONTITHING INCOMES

Total cash budget appropriations for 1947 $12,744,773.00

Total cash budget expenditures for 1947... 11,263,344.00

Excess of appropriations over expenditures for 1947—$ 1,481,429.00

Budget Supplementary Budget LfnAppropriation, Appropriation Expenditures. expended

1947 1947 J Office of the Corporation of the President

Including the salaries of 80 employees, expenses of offices, equipment, maintenance of the admnistration building, and the living allowances and traveling expenses of the General Authorities, all of which are covered by nontithing income $ 334.076.00 $ 26.274.00 I 356,898.00 $ 3.452.0c

Office of the Corporation of the Presiding Bishopric

Including the salaries of 115 employees, expenses of the Aaronic Priesthood program, traveling expenses of the Presiding Bishopric, taxes, special printing, and departmental expenses, all of which are covered by nontithing income 301,780.00 288.628.00 13,152.00

Temples For the operating expenses, including the salaries of 308 employees, and the building maintenance, repairs and renovation of the eight temples of the Church 515.448.00 54,149.00 404.105.00 165,492.00

Missions and Missionary Work of the established missions; living and traveling expenses of and operation For the maintenance

mission presidents; return fares of missionaries; free literature; servicemen's welfare; the erection,

remodeling, purchase, maintenance, and renting of buildings; and the expenses of the Bureau of

Information and the mission home in Salt Lake City—1.527,820.00 239,191.00 1,729,542.00 37,469.00

Expenses Stake and Ward to 169 stakes and 1,425 wards and independent branches, including the maintenance Allowances of 1,688 stake, ward, and branch buildings; expenses and mileage allowances to stake presidents

furnishings and bishops;

: printing ward for stake and ward—offices, stake and ward taxes, and stake and 1,418,890.00 95,510.00 1,509,631.00 4,769.00

Church Welfare For the purchase of equipment and commodities; for the operating expenses of general committee storehouses, the Deseret Industries and the Deseret clothing factory; for land and building

committee administrative purchases and general burials, etc. heat, hospitalization, rents, light, expenses; for the care of the needy. consisting 1.065,480.00 176,924.00 1.242,123.00 281.00 of

Church Schools For the operating expenses of Brigham Young University, Rfcks College, L.D.S. Business College. Juarez Academy. 15 institutes and 100 seminaries; for operating expenses of the Department

of Education, including the salaries of 438 teachers and 39 administrative officers and employees; and for the maintenance, repairs, and improvement of buildings—3.267,950.00 46.775.00 2,707,342.00 607.383.00

Educational Institutions, other than Church schools, institutes, and seminaries

Consisting of the McCune School of Music and Art; Deseret Gymnasium, Society for the Aid

of the Sightless, and the General Music Committee 73,456.00 11,518.00 37.757.00 47,217.00

Building Operations For the maintenance of the buildings and grounds on the Temple Block, and the Tabernacle organ; for the maintenance of other Church properties situated immediately adjacent to the Temple

Block; for the erection, repairing, and renovating of ward buildings and $54,076.55 for the

construction, equipping, and maintenance of hospital buildings 2.319,150.00 252,720.00 2,075.487.00 496,383.00

Historic Monuments and Bureaus of Information

For the repair and maintenance of properties at Palmyra, New York; South Royalton, Vermont;

Carthage. Illinois; and memorial cemeteries 24,440.00 19,683.00 43,418.00 705.00

Projects of Operation Farm and Purchases Land projects, Indian and Canadian and other lands. 264.000.00 3,421.00 246.329.00 21,092.00 Washakie of Papago and Consisting

on Radio Committee Church literature and mission For publicity and Publicity -. -—41,481.00 38.379.00 3,102.00

Genealogical Society and Index Bureau

For the maintenance of the Church genealogical library record archives, temple index bureau, and allied departments, and for the recording, indexing, photographing, and filing of genealogical and temple ordinance data, including the names of 431,665 persons forwarded to the eight temples for baptisms and endowments, and for the salaries of 173 fulltime employes—425.218.00 9.438.00 433.129.00 1.527.00

Other Expenses Consisting of contributions to civic denominations and educational institutions; salaries of Tabernacle Choir conductors and organists, improvements to the Tabernacle organ; taxes; welfare

assistance by the general Church offices; public liability and other Insurance; Utah centennial ex165,584.00 1 12,853.00 150.576.00 27,861.00

Unallocated balance of original budget appropriation for contingencies 51,544.00 51,544.00

Total Budget and Expenditures—- $11,796,317.00 $948,456.00 $11,263,344.00 $1,481,429.00

(Continued on page 302) MAY 1948 Facing Another World Crisis

Thiswomengroupfromof choiceBrighamyoungYoungmenUniand Addressmorningdeliveredsession atof thethe Monday118th versity is an inspiration even aside annual general conference, from the glorious singing. Just to April 5, 1948, in the

look at them and realize what they repTabernacle resent, I am sure, fills each heart with thanksgiving. They are here to render

service today, and we appreciate their to do means which way to this generation, means what chance to the generation I lisandpresence. just thinking as I was

next to come.

inspiringtened to these songs opening that every one of these young men and A leading businessman, Mr. W. T.

young women has been taught by a Holliday, president of the Standard Oil mother and a father to be true to the Company of Ohio, in an article capgospel of Jesus Christ, has been taught tioned, "Our Final Choice,"declares that to keep himself or herself unthat spotted from the world will bring the... whenever a civilization is faced with

greatest joy and happiness in this life a new and fundamental challenge, there is and in the world to come. I am thankonly one thing that can save it from deful for an institution in the Church cline and fall—its men and women must

which associates with all the sciences change their habits of thought to meet the their challenge. Either meet they new instilearning in the the givenand all

thinking, or they go under. with newtutions the of the world state the teachings of

principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Though with a different ideal in

I know they are true, and so may these mind, that is the advice which Peter young people, and I pray that they will gave the multitude on the day of truth. to that holdalways they in perplexity Pentecost, when

PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY what shall and brethren, are worried. cried: "Men of their mothers Some

Some of you mothers have called by we do?"His answer was:

telephone; some of you have called in... Repent, and be baptized every one It is of this "spiritual readiness"I

person and expressed deep concern of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the wish to speak.

in sins, shall the world. conditions the receive the ofover remission Your and ye of the It is of the duty the members

gift Ghost. of the Holy questionspleas prompted have and spiritual true aloft to hold Church is to your unto you, the promise and For I I this morning. desire to saywhat shall better be standards. Then we off, that are afar children, to all even and all of partake the could worldwish eventuality brought for prepared any call. shall the as our as Lord God many spirit, thethis peaceful hope and and prinaggression. These pagan about 2:3739.) by (Acts

sesin theinspiration that received we in all ages. ciples have been proclaimed is to one's repent change mind To held thatsions conference of the were but easily simple, understood, are or They regard to past one's heart or with from the encouragementyesterday, and ignored. generally all too etc., action, acconduct, on I intended given,the excellent and messages

pray that I may say a word or two count of regret or dissatisfaction. A pproximately thirtyfive centuries

that will put you at peace and increase * ago Moses, "the human transmitter that spirit of contentment. of the greatest human conduct code of

Jesus said on one occasion to his We are living in a all time,"warned the people of Israel disciples who were somewhat worried troublous age. Many peoas follows:

because Jesus anxiousand in had told ple the as milChurch, the shalt keep commandthou Therefore them, to leavethem he was going in his to of the thy God, walk Lord lions are ments the in world, him. to fear and ways, troubled: beye heart be not your Let anxiety; with stirred thee eth bring the thy God Lord For also in believe in me. {Johnlieve God,

of of land land, brooks a into a good hearts are with heavy14:1.)

spring that of depths fountains and water, hills; valleys and foreboding. out gives bothIn Jesus that one sentence,

vines, land and barley, and of wheat, A of a guide admonition and comfortinga fig trees, of pomegranates; a land and and

to contentment and peace. Individuals, groups, and nations oil olive, and honey;

viewing with alarm the many critical A land wherein thou shalt eat bread \jL7z are living in a troublous age. national, industrial, and moral probwithout scarceness, thou shalt not lack any

iron, in it; stones land thing are a whose as in the Church, peopleW that will are lems Many hoping "some means

hills of dig thou out and mayest whose stirred with are world, the inmillions to turn misdirected found our be powfeelings are withanxiety; hearts heavy ers into channels, leading the brass. to new full, hast art then eaten thou and When

in third time the foreboding.of For of establishment and prosperous new shalt bless for the the thy Lord thou God

half a century lowering war clouds conditions."good land which he hath given thee.

threaten world peace. O foolish man! Radio and press commentators, conBeware that thou forget not the Lord

Will he never profit by the experiences tributors to magazines, editorial writers thy God, in not keeping his commandments, his his statutes, judgments, which and and responsibility of past!of the The plans various statesmen suggest and

I this thee day: command rests normal eachchoice upon always difficulpolicies as solutions of our and full, art hast thou Lest eaten when and responsibilthatindividual. Never was is ties perplexities. of the best and One built hast houses, dwelt and goodly andity greater than today. A former mem- a plan for a world federation, suptherein:

ber of the Deseret Sunday School ported by a sufficiently strong armaAnd when thy herds and thy flocks

Union Board (author of an excellent ment to enforce its laws and statutes. multiply, and thy silver and thy gold is

multiplied, exall thatlittle is multithou hast and the Ashes) work. Oat of objection its adoption, to One great plied; thus: succinctly the thoughtpresses is that nature is not however, "human heart be lifted thou Then thine up, and

What the people now think and do, or spiritually ready"for such a federaforget the Lord thy God, which brought what they fail to think, or what they fail tion. thee forth....

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The first of these the Lord gave to shalt Moses on Mount Sinai—"Thoubv Q. OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY the worship Consider God."Lord thy $aM that sincerely means. what we When

accept God as our Father and make And thou say in thine heart,M/{a7My power hopes were shattered. Their future, so him the center of our being, we become

and the might of mine hand hath gotten far as Christ's triumph on earth was conscious of a new aim in life. No

me this wealth. concerned, seemed all but blighted. longer is the chief end of daily life

shalt the But thy thou remember Lord to nourish to the and pamper set called to merely apart and had been They it is for giveth that thee heGod: power all do. Spiritual atanimals as body "fishers"to be Peter of men, and had getto establish wealth, that his he may

tainment, physical not indulgence, begiven of the the kingdom. keys been...covenant.

And it shall be, if thou do at all forget Notwithstanding all this, in that hour comes the chief goal. God is not

the Lord thy God, and walk after other of despondency, Peter turned to his old viewed from the standpoint of what gods, and serve them, and worship them, vocation, and said: "I go a fishing,"we may get from him, but what we

I testify against you this day him. in the give to complete Only replied, others the that ye shall and go also may "Wesurely perish. 8:6-14, (Deut. 1719.) life of surrender our inner may we rise thee."with (See 1518,) John 21:3,

selfish, pull sordid the of nature. above state in that of were mind They All that in praise of wrote Moses in eternal Divine element as an and the said to Resurrected Christ the whenrichness productivity the of and Promacquisition the is Christ's of adpeace the leader discouraged of the Twelve:ised Land, and than he can wrote more monition, lovest of "Simon, Jonas, son thou me this applied to great landbe of Amerthan these?"Peter answered, more corn, of barley, land and... first the ofica—a seek ye kingdom God I that love Lord; thou "Yea, knowestall other of kinds land a his righteousness. and wheat,grain—thee."the sheep."Said Lord, "Feed myof milk land and where we honey—a I interpretation of have what my own iseat equal the without acceptimportance bread land Of scarceness—a in will "these"means. Keep you silver, the gold, of iron, ance stones of as are the Sonwhose Savior and God

it his that please, was vocation—whatmind, hills of outand brass mankind. of whose we dig

get. there before he had would He called aptly land of the the "granarya

world."him the products of his morning's fishWhen Jesus was talking to his disHis words of admonition are equally ing, for he had fished all night and had ciples, just immediately preceding his

applicable caught nothing. "Simon, son of Jonas, betrayal, explaining to them that he

lovest thou me more than these?""Yea, would have to leave them, he said:

When thou hast eaten and art full, then Lord, thou knowest, I love thee.""ye believe in God, believe also in me."

thou shalt bless the Lord thy God for the "Feed my sheep."He desired them to understand, as

good land which he hath given thee. {Ibid., On that occasion Peter became conhe wants the whole world to know,

8:10.) scious of his responsibility not only as that only through him can man

a fisher of men, but also as a shepherd find the life abundant. Those were not

That was the message to ancient Isof the flock. It was then that he sensed mere words of defiance which Peter

rael. finally and completely the full meaning uttered as he and John stood prisoners

Fifteen later years a little hundred the high priests. proclaimed He of theft divine injunction, "Follow thou beforegroup faced that a future of men truth said: was me. an eternal when he

just as threatening and foreboding to them as that which the world faces today. The men in that group were

Simon Peter, Thomas, Nathanael of Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his rightCana in Galilee, James and John, sons eousness. (Matthew 6:33.)

of Zebedee, and two others of his disciples. A short time before that gloomy

period Jesus had said to them: \T[7ith that neverfailing light, those... for there is none other name under

* * twelve humble men succeeded in heaven given among men, whereby we saved. heart be troubled: (Acts 4:12.) not Let be your ye bethe changing course of human relamust

believe in inlieve also God, me. (John 14: tions. Nichols Beverley Writes

1.) is reiterated truth That in the Doctrine

He promised them the Comforter who to Twelvebear themsimpleover menthe seas,withwithonlyonlythe awindfew and Covenants would testify of the Christ, who would pence in their pockets, and a shining faith... all men must repent and believe on

the Christ, of Jesus and worship the name hearts. in their far short pi their They fell

in in faith his name, on and endure their ideal; twisted were words and Father

his to the end, or be they cannot name temples built over and false were in the saved C. kingdom of God. (D. & A little group of men mocked;their bones, in praise of a Christ they

faced a future that was would have rejected. And yet, by the light 20:29.)

their inspiration, of the world's many just as threatening and of loveliest things created, of I like to associate with that word and were many foreboding to them as the world's finest minds inspired. "saved"the power that man gets in this

that which the world faces If twelve men did that nineteen hundred life to rise above his animal instincts today. The men in that yearstoday? ago.ForwhatGodmighthas notnow twelvegiven menus thedo andresistpassions,social evilspowerthat blightto overcomemen's andor

group were Simon Peter, power of whispering across space, of transwomen's souls and shut them out not our thoughts the of from end one only of the but the peace world, from Thomas, Nathanael of mitting to shall another. whisper we What also in the membership kingdom from

is Galilee, shall the guesCana in and That James we think?—whatearth for peace, of God. yearn may Men tion. sons Zebedee, John, and of for cry for peace, peace, and work

two others of his disciples. The world wants peace, the winning but there will be no peace until they

of which seems to be more difficult follow the path pointed out by the than the winning of the war. Living Christ.

bring all things to their remembrance, who would show them things to come. No peace, even though temporarily A third essential to our peace of

Nothwithstanding all those promises obtained, will be permanent unless it is * mind, and eventually to the peace and divine exhortations, the disciples, built upon the solid foundation of eterof nations, is to keep confidence in our following the crucifixion of their Lord, nal principles enunciated in the two infellow men. You say how can we keep

were depressed in their feelings. Their cidents I have mentioned. {Continued on page 338)

MAY 1948 273 Thirtyfive

sioner anywhere in the world. Under

this form of organization scouting grew very rapidly. This was true also of

scouting in other parts of the United

States. By 1912, there were probably

a dozen different Scout organizations throughout the country.

The National Council of the Boy

Scouts of America with a charter from the Congress of the United States undertook in 1913 to amalgamate all the

Scout organizations into one great national group. With this purpose in

view, a representative was sent to Salt ranking Scouter President George Albert Smith, Church

Scout Councils the Utah in a recentis showntripwithto Honolulu.two Eagle Scouts who represented Lakeers inCitythe tohopeconferof havingwith Churchthe M.I.A.leadScouts become part of the Boy Scouts

Church of Jesus Christ of Lattertically all of the wards, in the missions of America.

idea of the accepting Church an TheThe in Saints in the first church day was America inother and nations, many for outside program its boys was one officially the to the adopt world cluding the islands of the sea. Memcalled for that serious consideravery of the of America. Scouts program bers Boy of stake presidencies high and

tion. orbeen had Y.M.M.I.A. The early in 1913. action taken That councils, was bishops and counselors, stake ganized President Brigham by Young first charter issued 21,The superintendents was of May M.I.A. and Sunday

Its in strictly 1875. foundations were It its 1913. charter the of only was School, other and many leaders Church

religious. debating, public While issued the kind ever National from have come through the up ranks of

music, speaking, activities other and It office. read, the Scout M.I.A. scouting. "To Several of the General Auoriginal of the a part program. were of the of America."Scouts Scouts thorities Boy have officers served as and President it clear that the Young made It all in the troops covered Scout leaders in Scout groups.

purpose was, in including those andChurch Canada there are Today Scouts of the Boy charters Later were Mexico. made to establish in the hearts of the... youth in Church state every in the and Union Imthe Mutual Men's Young "To latterof of Zion the great a testimony in almost civilized every in nation the of Association Churchprovement work. the day world. In Canada, Latterday Saint Saints."of Christ of Latterday Jesus boys have played a leading in part it this foundation, With seemed unand in Canada developedAs scouting

the advance of scouting in the sections to reasonable accept the nonsectarian M.I.A. the of became boysMexico,

in live, which they in and the Mexico Scout proBoy organizanational affiliated the with tions in those countries. boys in the Latterday Saint colonies gram which had

In the thirtyfive years that have are outstanding. been developed

passed since that first charter was issued, Scouts in Hawaii are registered with outside the nearly 200,000 Latterday Saint boys the Boy Scouts of America and belong Church. The

have participated in this most effective to Region 12, which also includes problem was and helpful boy program. There have Utah, Arizona, California, and Nestudied for some

been troops in every stake and in pracvada. time by a special

committee. It re-

A brief history of scouting in the turned a negative ""Church would read something like report. Later a

committee scouting delarger In 1909, was when LEADING CHURCH OFFICIALS this: was appointed. S. S. Badenveloped Robert by Sir

ACTIVE IN SCOUTING Powell in England, it was given worldIts first report likewise negwas attention publicity attracted and wide early Roberts, Smith Albert President George ative. Upon scouting of readvocatefl. H. States. In the United throughout Utah Board, Executive NaMember. Church in the consideration, the parts west, ambitious of other and Silver of holder Council; tional some literature for orhowever, sent leaders and boy Silver Awards; Beaver and Buffalo

ranking Scout leader in the Church. ganized Scout groups. In 1910, when principles were established which made

not only feasible reasonable, but and in the it scouting organized was formally Elder Ezra Taft Benson also highly that desirable Latterday States, organizastill further United

Council National Member should the adgiven Saint boys be LatterCom- tions throughout formed were Relationships and Rural mittees on this great of program youth areas. day Saint Some of the men who vantages Scouting.

Elder George Q. Morris organized troops during that period headed by the outstanding boy leaders

Member National Committee on are still active in scouting in the of the nation.

Senior Scouting; "Vice Chairman Church; others in positions of responsiMembers of the committee which

Region Twelve Executive Combility in other organizations. finally recommended the adoption of

mittee; holder of Silver Antelope In 1911, these scattered groups the National Boy Scout program by

Award. throughout the Church were brought the M.I.A. were Lyman R. Martineau,

chairman; Smith, A. Oscar Hyrum M. as leadership organized and under one Elder Franklin L. West S. Kirkham, B. F. Grant, Bryant the that Scouts. time M.I.A. At Boy National Committee on Member Hinckley, Taylor. and Only H. John athletic Taylor, Dr. H. was who John Relationships.

this of committee, members Bryant two the general of director of the board

Elder John D. Giles Y.M.M.I.A., became the Scout Com- S. Hinckley and Oscar A. Kirkham, are

Member National Council; member missioner for the Church. Under this still living.

Senior Regional Scout Committee; principles established probably appointment, Taylor at that Dr. The

holder of Silver Beaver Award. in area the than has been sutime, the agreement served a wider between

pervised by any other Scout Commis- Y.M.M.I.A. and the National Council

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Years of Scouting in the Church

O Ljeorae (aj. Vlorns Christ of Latterday Saints have beGENERAL SUPERINTENDENT Y. M. M. I. A. AND come synonymous in the minds of thouGENERAL MANAGER, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America,sands of leadingbut alsoScoutersthroughoutnot onlythein

world. To President Oscar A. Kirkof the First ham the of Council SevGEORGE of the of Scouts America, Boy proenty, in of the one pioneers scouting MORRISQ. vided that all actual the leadership of in the credit Church, belongs for havthis L.D.S. boys under to program was ing established relationships nationally

selected be and the appointed by internationally and which caused have itself, Church the with leaders with being L.D.S. troops, Scout they were scouting, in as the operated Y.M.

in appointed the not the to bishops be wards required by into to enter any M.I.A., to in recognized front be the

in the and stakes presithe religious stake L.D.S. by practices or to meet all of ranks such organizations throughdents. the religious requirements of boys made out the world.

important principle second to the who belong was Church. A It was Following affiliation with the Nathat the the standprovided, M.IA, by meeting however, under this arrangeards and requirements of the National ment, that boys desiring to affiliate with tional Council, scouting made rapid

Council should have the privilege of M.I.A. troops should be required to strides throughout the Church. Stake

using the National Scout program in meet the personal character requireafter stake registered Scout troops in

Missionaries ward. had who whatever best manner the served set purments standards and the every up by

affilireceived Scout training became poses of the distinct Church and with a Church. to include These were oborganizations with mission in the provision that Scout of servance leaders would be the ated of Wisdom, the Word

fields, and years had before many permitted religious whatever to make nonuse profanity, of other things and application they desired in conducting that were definitely objectionable from passed, scouting had become a fully the program. There were to be no re- a Church standpoint. established program in the Church,

strictions whatever upon the discusUnder these provisions all of the In 1919, organization of local counsion of principles of the gospel, the M.I.A. Scouts were transferred to the cils began throughout the Church area.

history of the Church, the lives of Boy Scouts of America as a group and This displaced the original plan of

Church leaders, or the doctrines of the during the June conference of 1913 achaving scouting supervised from the

Church. In short, when scouting came tion was taken which made the affiliacentral office. This more intensive plan

to Latterday Saint boys, it was a tion official throughout the Church. of development and operation resulted

Church program. The only restriction in much wider participation of L.D.S.

made was that where boys who were Cince that day thirtyfive years ago, boys in the Scout program and more rapid advancement. Finally a statenot members of the Church affiliated V scouting and the Church of Jesus ment was ofissued from the national

fice that more boys in the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in proportion to population had registered in scouting than had boys in any other group in America. Shortly thereafter a

second announcement was made that

L.D.S. boys led the nation in advancement in scouting, with a high percentage of Scouts of high rank including

those receiving Eagle badges. Since

that time the renown of the Church and its scouting program has reached to the far corners of the earth. While

there is still much to be desired, there is reason for justifiable pride in past accomplishments.

As scouting developed in the Church, it soon became apparent that boys were not remaining in the program long enough and that older boys were dropping out altogether too soon. National surveys indicated that this same

experience was being encountered in other parts of the country and to a more general extent. The realization of this problem resulted in the

establishment throughout the United

States ofi Scout programs for older boys. In 1929, the Y. M. M. I. A.

launched the Vanguard program for boys fifteen to eighteen years of age.

(Continued on page 312)

Members of the committee which finally recommended the adoption of the National Boy Scout program by the

M.I.A. Left to right: L. R. Martineau,

chairman; B. F. Grant, John H. Taylor,

Hyrum M. Smith; lower, Bryant S.

Hinckley, left, and Oscar A. Kirkham.

MAY 1948 275 Address delivered at the Sunday be a correct and true record. They will

morning session of the 118th show what we should have paid in, annual general conference, tithing each year, and what we did April 4, 1948, in the TITHING pay. Any difference or balance will

true standing our on the observshow Tabernacle BY of of tithing. the ance law

All that we possess of this world's goods has been given to us of the Lord, and we are to be regarded as but

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE stewards over what we have received.

We will have to give an accounting for our stewardship. In view of what

us, for has done Lord has the SmithPresident it is us, given a unto and given us a brief history of the Church small thing that he has and the Latterday Saints asked of us in return, that up to the present time. we give to him onetenth

what toof on the roadWe are us. We havehe hasacceptedgiven theto perfectionward but we

haven't reached that point gospel as a gospel of sacyet. This house is filled to rifice and selfabnegation.

overflowing, many people The Lord has said:

standing for of want is willing not whoso Andplaces to sit. AssemThe life for his to my lay down

bly Hall, no doubt, is sake is not my disciple. (D.

filled likewise as are other & C. 103:28.)

places where the Saints are gathered, and many If we are not willing to thousands of the Latterlay down our lives for day Saints are listening in PRESIDENT GEORGE F. RICHARDS Christ's sake and his gostheir own homes this morning, I am AND SISTER RICHARDS pel's sake, we may not hope to receive

sure. the salvation which is God's greatest

I feel greatly honored to be asked to This is the revenue law of the Church. gift to man, and for which we have

speak at this meeting following the It is used in promoting its financial enlisted in his cause to obtain. The

President. I feel that I have a message interests; in the Church educational Lord knows the intents of the hearts

of men. the childrento of deliver Saints, the to Latterday He knows maintainsystem; in the building and

to lay willing are shallthose whether hear and or not we who my voice of in building ing of temples; houses

the of lives cause for the ourothers read down may who later my stakes, misdis- worship in wards, and willIs that it possiblecourse. Master. Saints If only the Latterday we are in sions; in caring the for the poor; and

lives for I the gosing to lay ourhearing to the suggest, have down what missionary of the Church. work

unwilling pel's that sake,counsel and to give, advice and have we are I may of Latterday thousands Many his cause, the to and the on to to give Lordwould respond be same I would faithfully Saints fully with and comply oneLord, of the the happiestone of command men alive. It is this religious obligation and by so dodirect annually as a tenth of our interests I can expect, thanmore but some ing are assisting accomplishin the

I consistent people tithe? ahearts, will hope, be touched. Are we What tithes the for of the which ments

tithe? to the say, the subject to to with respect I intend I have will in are they used; and no Church

speak upon to me is a vital subject for wise lose their reward.

Latterday Saints. There are some members of the Tithing is a just and equitable means

For God so loved the world, that he Church who might profit by the exof distribution of the financial regave his only begotten Son, that whosoperience of Ananias and his wife, Sapsponsibilities of the members of the ever believeth in him should not perish, but phira, of the Primitive Church, and not Church, to poor and rich alike. In any

have everlasting life. (John 3:16.) withhold any of the organization instituted

In this we see the sacrifice made Lord's portion. for the mutual benefit

for us by the Father and the Son, When we are through We are all candidates of its members, each is life this to expected go with and member greatestthe manifestaever made—a for the blessings of eterfull in hence, share do his have no we will tion of love with can be which there

no comparison. means with which to nal life and exaltation maintaining the orThe gospel we have received is a balance our tithing acin the kingdom of God. ganization and assistRealizing of sacrificegospel and selfdenial from count.

our dilemma, then The direct line to that ingments.in itsIf heaccomplishdoes not we may, to end.beginning

The Lord has said: like Dives of old, degoal is through the obfaithfully meet his obin sire that that be organsomeone servance the law of of ligations life to afraid his lay be Let down no man ization, is justly reto he the sent dead from

his for layeth sake; for tithing whoso down evmy and making love, as not being a garded those warn we it shall life find for again. sake my ery the sacrifice gospel not that they good member. may is willing to not lay We whoso down And

his life for my sake is not my disciple. (D. make the same mistake; entails upon us. would not like to be

& C. 103:27, 28.) in which event we may regarded as being anybe told: thing other than a good

/Vne of the greatest sacrifices that member of the Church.

God has required of us as members... They have Moses and the prophets; There are many good reasons why

of his Church is that contained in the let them hear them. (Luke 16:29.) members of the Church should pay

law of the tithe. And behold, all things are written by the their tithing, but all reasons that may

On July 8, 1838, the Lord gave to Father; therefore out of the books which be assigned do not have the same apthe Church a revelation on the subject shall be written shall the world be judged. peal to all members; however, the fact

of tithing, in which he requires of the (Ill Nephi 27:26.) that God the Eternal Father, to whom

members of his Church that they pay we are indebted for all things, and on onetenth of all their interests annually. The records kept by the Father will (Concluded on page 334)

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ELIJAH'S mission to the world

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Tuesday morning session of the 118th annual general conference, April 6, 1948, in the Tabernacle

Fielding Elder Joseph agree sure you appear. to is due I am

and Sister Smith appeared, that already he has with me Smith for we have it so recorded by the testimony of witnesses. It was on the

third day of April, 1 836, when he came to the Kirtland Temple, to Joseph

Smith and Oliver Cowdery, and conferred upon them the keys of his

of Malain filled. fulfilment of the prophecy the guidance assistance andMYyourdear brethren and sisters, I need Times that these things are to be fulpriesthood and told them that he came to of the fathers hearts chi, to turn the In the fourth chapter Malachi speaks Lord. Spirit of the I would of the

ike to read a little from the book of again of the coming of the Son of God, the children, and the children to their

Malachi, whom I may designate as a in these words: fathers, lest the whole earth be smitten

curse. a with for restoration, he has of theprophet

shall that cometh, the behold, day For, restorathe to deal great abouta say all proud, yea, the oven; and as burn an dispensation this of the keys Therefore,tion. stubble: shall be all wickedly, that do and this hands; into and your by committed are

shall them burn that cometh the day and dreadful great the and third read: that In chapter the know ye we may it shall that hosts, of the saith Lord up, doors. is the at near, even the Lord of day I will messenger, and send Behold, my (Ibid., branch. neither root nor leave them 110:16.) C. (D. & shall before the me: preparehe way and 4:1.)

the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly of not does temple, the the messenger world course, even to his of Well,come Savior our will when happen This in: delight behold,the covenant, ye whom to Elijah Joseph that came believe vengeance take to in his glory comes hosts. of saith the shall come, Lordhe they but Oliver as Cowdery; his place and Smith take and the ungodly upon 3:1.) (Malachi

that the he in world record no of lords. have Then Lord kings and of King

Throughout the world the idea prethis prophet Malachi goes on to say has come to anyone else. There has

vails that this prediction has reference that before that day can come, which been no appearance and no claim of to the first coming of Christ in the days will be terrible, Elijah the prophet was an appearance, and a restoration of his of his ministry, but this is not the case, to come, and these are the words as we priesthood to anyone else. May we

it has reference to his second coming, have them in this King James translanot, then, with perfect consistency, for the predictions which follow were tion: put forth the claim that he did come on

not fulfilled at his first coming, but are that occasion and that he did restore the Elijah proph- I will send these you Behold, to authority two of his keys in fulfilled power, comes heto be when dreadthe great of and the coming et before hearts the turned which men, humble coming. the preceding secondat and Lord: of the ful day the their children and fathers to of the

fathe of read: heart the turn shall he AndWe their fathers? to children of the hearts the of the heart children, the and thers to

this disputed ever else has one No I his lest the and fathers, abide comday of come their But to children may who ing? and who shall stand when he apsmite the earth with a curse. (Ibid., 4:5-6.) claim by the giving of another daim. And

peareth? for he is like a refiner's fire, and

like fullers'soap:

And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before

silver, gold asof Levi, and purge and them offerthe coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord-. offer the an Lordthat unto they may

ing in righteousness. "And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the

of and the offering Judah Then shall children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, in as Lord, unto the be pleasantJerusalem the days of old, and as in former years. lest I come and smite the earth with a curse."

And I will come near to you to judg- (Malachi 4:5-6.)

ment; and I will be a swift witness against

the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, HPhe whole world ought to take notice why could he not come to Joseph Smith fatherless, that the the and and widow, to as anywell as * Oliver Cowdery and the prediction, world but this of right, his stranger from turn and the aside did that to I testify else? he you it. body the Surely understand not does (Ibid., hosts. of saith fear me, the Lord not to If the world want know come, and that fact the to point times signs the of3:2-5.)

art it abuncan. also, have they is near, dreadful great day the We and

Now we understand, and the whole even at our doors. The fig tree, figuradance of evidence that this story is

world could understand, that the offertively, is putting forth her leaves. The true. If Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowing of Judah. in the days of Christ's turmoil, trouble, the war and blooddery had lied, it would have been imministry, was not pleasant. Levi was shed that we have seen, and which we possible for them to have turned the

not at that time cleansed, but Judah and still see, all point to the fact that this hearts of the fathers to their children

Levi turned away from the Lord. It is day for the coming of the Son of God and the hearts of the children to their

in the Dispensation of the Fulness of is near. Therefore, Elijah the prophet 9;h b,: (Continued on p&ge 315)

MAY 1948 277 then, the change made in the statement of Malachi. Moroni said, if I remember correctly, TRUTH

BY Behold, I will reveal unto you the Priesthood, by the hand of Elijah the prophet, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord.

And he shall plant in the hearts of the children the promises made to the fathers,

their fathers. V OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE and the hearts of the children shall turn to

If it were not so delivered the Address at Tuesday -—and this is the greatest part of this session afternoon the of 118th revelation,

annual general conference, April 6, 1948, in the If it were not so, the whole earth would

Tabernacle be utterly wasted at his coming. (D. &. C.

2:3.) That is the power that belongs to

ELDER JOHN A. WIDTSOE of truth. The Lord in his latterday the Church, to the priesthood, to those

revelations said over and over again who walk in truth and light. It is the

that truth light and go together. We gether,power thatthat holdsmakesthepossibleearth'stheeventsaccomto- receive truth have brethren and sisters, it is always who light to point

a great privilege to be allowed to the way, to solve our problems, to tell plishment of God's purposes in these bear testimony of truth the of the going, us where to give us latterdays. and we aregreatMy work in which are engaged. enlightening faith an to help in the we us

It may be in the great Tabernacle journey of life. trust that we all, as has been adwhere we are now assembled or it may Truth also does something else for I vised here today, seek to win the

be in a humble cottage meeting; it us: It gives us power, not only prinpower that flows out of the temples of

matters little. It is very good for all ciples and doctrines of truth and light, the Lord, by giving some of our time

of us, every member, to give voice to but it also gives power to accomplish and means to genealogy and temple his testimony, to his belief, to his faith the work of the Lord in these latterwork. Thereby strength will come to

in this the Church of Jesus Christ of days. us, for the temples are places of revelaLatter-day Saints. tion. They are the places around

This work is of God; established by which the Saints have always gathered

will so, and the in more, do more andhim, the voice of It is revelation. by his latterin The Lord to days come. truth.the joy, It has been throughmy revelations said day over theout life, of years to discover my I bear testimony this to the truth of that over and again truth timefrom to time, that principle, every its to work, light, accompanying to

doctrine,every its historic every event in and light go together. great accompanying power, thank and

thisthe building of great latterday the Lord Christ, for the gospel of Jesus kingdom, are in harmony with every restored in these days. I pray that all

discovered is truth. revealed and This listened all of intently us T trust to of get the of some measure us may

the truth, it, rely and must upon we the sermon Elder Fielding exquisite by Joseph joy that happiness and come learn that it truth; to understand is the today. Smith priestof the power to those The live the truth accept who and

otherwise great the the that joy Lord hood, the of this its culmiChurch, power principles, it. surrender to who God

thishas offered in will us not be work in nates sealing is the all power which all us us, with bless be bless and ours. I agree with Brigham Young ordinarily exercised in the of temples this in labor cause. great who Maythat for another the gospel might name the High. might quoted, Most have the until He increase work grow and

well be truth. if he had had more time this morning, shall cover the earth with its truth andit

Along with truth comes light. Light from Moroni the prophet, who was vislight nad power, I pray in the name

is never found except in the presence iting Joseph Smith the boy, as he was of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

In Alexander Winchell's bookReligions Attitudes of Noted Men

By Leon M. Strong British Antarctic Expedition, the memSketchesthis: of Creation may be found

of bers their perished return which on zoologist, expresses Lane, H. Henry is spirit the of But what man, whose after the journey reaching pole on Janthatthe judgment thoughts eternity? thus through wander

this 18, his in uary 1912, note wrote is intelligence the of which What man the of the natural product man, The tent law blizzardswept before succumbing climbs the battlements of the place of Omof evolution, transformed through becomes to cold hunger: and seizes infinity hold on spiritual into ofthe Christ gospel nipotence—which accord

flesh, in the which, spurns chained though spiritual child the Father, thewith becomes them. took took know we We risks—we it is its fetters feels the that evermoreof attains thus adoption, and by God us, against out the Things have and come angels offspring of of the brother andGod—the of immortality.hope therefore, for complaint, cause have no we will heir soon of perpetuity—and—the will to the deterbut Providence, of bow scientist, Priestley, noted Joseph its rubthe shake shambles amongst down

still last. the best our mined to do(17331804) superior dwell bish worlds, of decaying and

Gave to his grandchildren a simple and Aristotle to the mutations of matter and the revolubeautiful expression of his Christian contions of ages?... Who shall tremble at

fidence: "I am going to sleep, like you, but... was given to thoughtful consideration the wreck of matter, when, in perpetual

we shall awake together, and, I trust, to of profoundest themes. He taught that youth, he shall outline suns, systems, and

everlasting happiness."whatever it may be within man that thinks, firmaments and... shall see creation rise

feels, and desires, is divine and celestial, and upon creation and the everrecurring mornCaptain Robert F. Scott, head of the therefore imperishable. ings of eternal life.

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Eat Flesh Sparingly

BY

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Monday morning session of the 118th ELDER JOSEPH F. MERRILL AND HIS DAUGHTER LAURA annual general conference,

April 5, 1948, in the Tabernacle

rethren and sisters, including And those: to be used with prudence and thanksgiving.

fowls of the flesh of beasts also and Yea, to keep and do these remember who for ordained air, Lord, the have of the this pulpit I sayings,... walking in obedience to the comnever- thanksgiving; with of the useB radioA yearlisteners:ago from I,man

spoke to the theme of Joseph Smith, mandments, shall receive health in their theless they are to be used sparingly;

the Prophet, indicating that, aside from naval and marrow to their bones. (D. & And it is pleasing unto me that they

Jesus Christ, I looked upon him as sec- C. 89:2, 18.) should not be used, only in times of winter,

89:1113.) famine. or (D. cold, of C. religious & other greatness to noond in in or is factor health an important And

lived. judged ever by thatteacher And serving of man. the and work God article flesh It is as in human an to judging used standardthe same asked, apostle Paul The I attendirect your to that diet wish his ingreatness inworks—as men—by I that is It confess tion. to needless Linthat the temple of are not Washington, ye ye Shakespeare,with Know

of in the field authority not an and that the Spirit of God dwelleth am still God, believe Einstein,coln, my etc.—I tolerate will nutrition. I hope you in you? So is that he correct and of him isview

of defile If temple the God, of any writings man freely quoting men from him my proever greatest Americathe man for temple the of destroy; God God authorities. as accepted generally that convincedduced. Hence I am 3:16are. he shallis (I Cor. holy, temple which ye generally that say authorities These thorough, careful,is of a deserving 17.) than health with to has do more food inevery person study by honestand

health. But affecting factor other any wellbeing. his personal in beterested that health in order may Mow, for its our most that food do may evidence, firstclass JotoAccording it is knowlmaintained, common

diet, balanced a have health must we really see and actually, did Smithseph of health be that must the laws edge in essential substances five up made highSon, the two Father and thehear long taught Scientists have observed. substances right the him, to they seemed beings, glorified proportions—theseofly is universal throughout mathat law carbohydrates, fats, proteins, being is made. himselfin image in man whose this terial realms. thought With

vitamins. minerals, and greatthe fact, isIf this was a he not the of of "music the wrote poet mind

the most Live, perhaps In To How ever this has world religious fraudest Prophet spheres."Joseph the The in authoritative book read and widely positions theseseen. two Between spiruniversality of the taught Smith

subject the the for on layman English is middle no orprophet wrote: he itual laws when fraud—there unpublished hygiene and personal of is a This compromise. orground,

strong statement, I admit, but certainly There is a law, irrevocably decreed in der the auspices of the Life Extension this of foundations the before of heaven find Inc., fund great Institute, a we these of two one. correct Whicha

all predblessings are which world, upon simple in given information reliable first If the is right one? thepositions icated Professor authors, the language by certainly Joseph right, is thenone blessing from obtain any when And we and University Yale of Fisher Irving studied be by should teachingsSmith's it is to that obedience law upon God, by diFisk, medical Lyman Dr. Eugene study, qualified to it 130:20is being C. predicated. (D.every human which &

for Joseph was Godtaught and made 21.) rector of the Life Extension Institute,

available to the modern world the must person that everyknowledge rr'Yea, flesh also of beasts and of the fowls in the live, if he he must whichhave, and by would return from mortality to the air, I, the Lord, have ordained for the use of man with celestial kingdom, the realm where God thanksgiving; nevertheless they are to be used sparlives.personally ingly."(D. &C. 89:12.) brief introduction, I wish With this

to talk for a few minutes on a phase of one of Joseph Smith's revelations, All over the Church the belief is Inc. The book was first published in

commonly spoken of as the Lord's Law general that the Word of Wisdom is 1915 under the auspices of the board of Health, or otherwise known as the practically observed if the individual of directors of the institute, of which

Word of Wisdom. abstains from the use of tea, coffee, Judge William Howard Taft was

writer the forewords of chairman and liquor, careful tobacco. a But and a as of the But Wisdom Word why editions. fifteenth first the the to and this reading revelation of the shows In religion? of someonepart may ask. fifth the citations will from be belief is to erroneous. be There much My itself of the document languagethe edition, 1929. printing the eighteenth of to the than abstention document more shows: ofthe Wisdom Word edition, the recent revised most narcotics. (The the from the use of Among

statements are these: twentyfirst, was written by Professor

... forth the order and will of God in Fisher and Dr. Haven Emerson of

the temporal salvation of all saints in the Every herb in the season thereof, and last days every fruit in the season thereof; all these (Continued on page 314)

MAY t948 279 Working out our own SALVATION

ONEmissionarycannot readservicethe recordwithoutofsensingPaul's BY his deep solicitude for those who through his ministry had been converted to the faith. As he moved from

place to place, he contrived by one JfciV or another means inhimself to keep OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE failures of the progress formed of and the bodies of the Church which he had previously established. To him Address delivered at the Monday

they appeared to be as children who afternoon session of the 118th had not yet learned to walk alone, annual general conference, and he stood over them with outApril 5, 1948, in the stretched hand to pick them up and Tabernacle steady them again when their childish unsteady feet stumbled and they were threatened with too disastrous a fall. place, accepted by all without question,

Out of the gleanings of such informathat the way to develop strength of tion as filtered through to him, he muscle in the physical body is to exconstructed a picture of their doings ercise the muscles, to put them to work particular the and of the nature of performing the function for which they ELDER ALBERT E. BOWEN dangers their threatened steadwhich intended. were nonuse, By inaction,

fastness. they finally flabby would grow and

lose the Then he wrote them letters of into fill their large, it would seem that an overthe duties of power struction and of admonition and of natural offices. It is readily admitted, whelmingly preponderant number of

promise, designed to fortify them in too, that mental vigor comes only them, while recognizing fully that inteltheir beliefs, and to warn them of the when the powers of the mind are exlectual growth can come only through disastrous consequences of unwholetended to the mastery of difficult tasks. unremitting toil, and that the developphysical skill ment of can only come practices in to and revive some all have disappointing had the extheir We

effort, persistent through yet somehow, hearts the stirrings of perience a reborn of seeing hope young men of ap- a pattern incidentally which might parently scintillating brilliance fail utwhen their religious, or spiritual lives profitably be studied by all having reterly of achieving the distinction which are concerned, they act as if a differsponsibilities of leadership. their natural endowment gave promise ent rule governs. The attitude seems

to be that religion is a placid, quiescent thing imposing no dynamic demand,

We all have had the disappointing experience of handsand whoseof somedetailschosencan beclassput intoto takethe seeing young men of apparently scintillating brilliance care of, who relay to the masses fail utterly of achieving the distinction which their the essentials in the way of formulas, is natural endowment gave promise of. admonitions,spoken of as orspiritualityexhortations.seemsWhatnot to

be thought of as being susceptible of practice. development through By his of, the special objects of just suras happily Among have been we

it is occult process to some supposed concern, saints. Philippian the at prised were the success gained by some cultivation without bloom and bear letters, of wrote them of some mentality. slower one differenceHe The tending. fruit without

this lies contained pregnant exwhich differing in their degrees indusof hortation: try and endurance. The tenacious, I find no warrant anywhere for any

Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have alplodding mind has often outrun the suchfashionassumption.wood, or metal,If oneor aspiresstone intoto

ways obeyed, not as in my presence only, houses, or cathedrals, or temples, or absence, more much workbut now in my out salvation your fear with and The struggle must be into some more delicate form of beauown trembling. (Philippians 2:12.) one's own. Nobody may

So great was Paul's yearning for do the learning act for Ennobling qualities them that it is easy to picture him as another. woven into a life are

willing, eager, even could if he have eternal things.

theirdone it, struggle to have made for them that they might have been quick and apparently more alert one spared the disappointments and dissimply because the possessor of the ty, he must develop the skill for his couragements and heartaches incident former has been willing to submit himcraft through painstaking toil and to their climb upward to the high plane self to the rigid discipline of weary endeavor. If he would paint a sunset,

which his teaching had set for them. hours of toil which the latter would or coax music out of the harp or lyre,

But that could not be done. They had not endure. Almost we might, it seems he must cultivate the artistry to do it

to fight their own fight; they had to to me, lay it down as a working rule by interminable practice with color

rise through their Own endeavor. In that achievement is in proportion to and brush or instrument. It makes no

short, they had to work out their own the amount of intelligent effort one is difference how richly he may be ensalvation, and he so told them. willing to put into an enterprise. dowed by nature with talents of craftsThat is the statement of a principle Strangely enough, while the truth of manship or artistry, if he lets those

of such primary importance that it these observations is readily admitted talents lie unused or uncultivated, he

Ought to be received as axiomatic. in relation to physical and mental dewill never arrive at the state of excelvelopment, there seem to be relatively ence in craftsmanship or art. Howsocondition"\17oRKis a precedent to recognize their equal apfew who lavishly ever one with be gifted may

in plicability "Y progress and to accomplishment of as what is spoken qualities of the the that mind would every realm of life. It is a commonspiritual realm. Taking people by and {Continued on page 313)fit

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Spirit oi Gathering

BY

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 1 1 8rh annual general conference, April 4, 1948, in the

Tabernacle

ELDER HAROLD B. LEE AND HIS DAUGHTER, HELEN LEE GOATES the prophets, and stonest them which are

sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings,

TodayI seekasinterestalways,in onyourthesesilentoccasions,prayers wewe werewere stirredbut commemoratingby the realizationthe thatopand ye would not! (Matt. 23:37.)

and for the sustaining power of my eration of a principle that is as old as Apparently the Master was referring

Heavenly Father. the human family, a principle which to the repeated revelations he had

Several weeks ago there appeared in has been invoked by the command of given to the prophets from Adam down our local newspaper, an account of an the Lord in every gospel dispensation, to his time, in which he had told or interview with an elderly statesman I refer to the principle of gathering. not only the scattering of the children

who seems to wield great influence to of Israel, but also of a subsequent day in American politics. This elderly 'T'he first reference we have, in the gathering. To Jeremiah he had promstatesman, in explaining the reason for revelations, to gatherings of the ised,

his determination and zeal told of an Lord's faithful people was that spoken interview, or rather a statement his of when Adam gathered together his... I will take you one of a city, and

two of a family, and I will bring you unto sons, Seth to from seven righteous long since deadown father—now Zion: posterity, of their just and all to his four sons before Methuselahhad made

will I pastors give according you And in valley is of the Adamondi-ahman, died.he said: the father This what

shall heart, feed which mine you with last his there he gave them and understanding. (Jeremiah and blessknowledgeto its with America, government and for the appearcon- ing them prepared and 3:1415.) isstitution, institution the greatest invented received the of which they ance Lord let the of man. touch mind themby If you

time. thata stick or stone of it, I will come back and at To Ezekiel he said:

I thought it more than mere have you.haunt

the first martyrs coincidence that one of I will bring out the peofrom you And As I thought of that statement, my Patten, ple, in tnis dispensation, will of gather David the countries out and you W.

mind went back to our ancestors who pioneered in this dispensation even a greater constitution than that of this "And I will bring you out from the people, and

American nation, even the constitution will gather you out of the countries wherein ye are of the might which kingdom of God, be scattered, with a mighty hand, and with a stretched definitionsaid to of the gosbe another pel of Jesus Christ. out arm, and with fury poured out.

During the centennial year, the year "And I will bring you into the wilderness of the just in passed, pagreminded we were people, and there will I plead with you face to face"eant, of in sermon, in song, our and pioneers who came here and settled in (Ezek. 20:3435.)

revalleys.these western were We

a member of the Twelve Apostles, lost wherein ye are scattered, with a mighty virtues, their of their accomminded arm, stretched and out with hand, a and his of life near valley the Adamondi- prinplishments, the underlying of and out. fury poured in that valley ahman, which with same willingciples that to leave them made I will into wilderness the bring you And posterity, his gathered had willAdamall that possessed, they and even will the there people, of with and I plead

ing to sacrifice their lives, if need be, to which the Lord had revealed to the you face to face. (Ezek. 20: 34, 35.)

uphold and to maintain. As I remem Prophet Joseph Smith was near

bered that and thought of the statement Wight's Ferry, at a place called Spring To the prophets Isaiah and Micah, of this aged American patriot, I wonHill, Daviess County, Missouri. To he told of the time when,

that this been significant me it has alsodered if we might not say:

resulted the.,. the mountain of the Lord's house directly from martyrdom

shall established in the of the top mounbe in help us to keep Lord memory The Saints of the to Latterday obedience tains, shall hiHs; the exalted be above and that willing ancestorsour might be we that to to the given been had commands it. shall flow (Isaiah and all nations unto all lives sustainuphold our and and by in certain places to gather as them 2:2; also 4:1.) see Micahthat for possess, that they gave which we

so much. members of the newly restored Church.

It was the lament of the Master, just An apt description of those who

If we thought deeply about the before his crucifixion: would be gathered thus, by command

events of the centennial year, perhaps O, Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest {Continued on page 320)

MAY 1948 281 Address delivered at the Monday baths, and circuses leveled; soil covafternoon session of the 118th ered with a conglomerate mass of

annual general conference, hardness which would take the eleApril 5, 1948, in the Build ments ages to pulverize into soil again.

Tabernacle or 'T'henAll was acrossdeath! the blue Mediterranean

builder in nature. The Nile River, oneMYinspirationbrothers andto sisters,see all itof isyoua greatfolk is a contrasting picture of the before me, you who are leaders Destroy of the greatest wonders of the world,

in the stakes and wards and missions. changes the dead and barren sands of

I pray for the blessings of the Lord. BY the desert into a fertile land with trees

It has been hard for me to refrain and grass and animal life. The heavy

from talking about the Indians this April showers in the basin of the time, but I must mention one or two White Nile start the flood, and the items inasmuch as President S. DilMay rains in Abyssinia swell the

worth Young has spoken of them. stream with its rich muddy water that

Down on the Navajo Reservation, fertilizes as it irrigates, and this sterile the Indians call the members of the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE sand becomes fertile land to bring life

Church of Jesus Christ of from death. The mud and

Latterday Saints, "Gawater constitute the difmalii."Recently at misference between the Sasion headquarters, they hara Desert and the green

were trying to ascertain gardens and fields of from the natives, themEgypt. Those of us who

selves, what this word have been in the Gila meant to them. And one Valley in Arizona, which

Navajo said, "A 'Gamalii'is one of the most notable is one who invites you to examples of soil erosion dinner and does not in the world perhaps, will charge you for it."And know about what has

another said, "A 'Gamalii'been done in the valley of is one who has the same the Nile. The rich sedifather and mother that we ment is laid gently on the

have."land so that it might pro-

I will just say that the duce crops. The producwork among the Indians tive valley is a gift of the

is progressing, for which river Nile. It is at once

we are deeply grateful. a garden and a museum;

I want to comment on a composite of the ancient another theme and prefand modern; the land of

ace it by a little experAbraham and Joseph and ience: Back in 1937, SisMoses with its sphinxes

ter Kimball and I had the ELDER SPENCER W. KIMBALL AND SISTER KIMBALL and catacombs and pyraprivilege of traveling mids, and the land of tothrough some of the Euday with its 19,000,000

ropean countries, and it was our privivolcanic mountain. In ages past there people; a land of brilliant sun, deep

lege to go, among other places, to Italy. had been a terrific convulsion of nablue sky, and vivid colors, with the

And one of the most intriguing sights ture, and a mountain was born. Lying driest air in the world. In contrast to

in that country was Mt. Vesuvius in dormant for long centuries, the monthe sand under the glare of the sun and

eruption. Here we saw a high, conister had watched with evil eye the the dull color of the river, the fields

callyshaped mountain, and at night for coming of the inhabitants, the planting and palms appear the greenest things nearly a hundred miles we could see of vineyards upon its sunny slopes, in the world. The sand pours over

the display of fireworks in the heavens. and the building of homes upon its the yellow rocks in a torrent of gold,

We came around the semicircular foothills. But finally in jealous rage at and the rocks cast purple shadows.

bay of Naples to the city of Pompeii. seeing green things grow, and children All this is the bounty of the Nile,

As a child I had read the book, The laugh and play, and life spring up in which nurtures life in the very jaws of

Last Days of Pompeii, telling about the contrast to its ageold environment of the death of the hot dry desert through eruption of 79 A.D., when the cities of desolation and death, the ogre burst which it flows. Its annual overflow is

Pompeii and Herculaneum were deforth in fiery blasts spewing its seethone of the greatest marvels of the stroyed. Here we were, visiting the ing vomit from its corrupt throat in world. It has risen to within a few

city of the dead, which had been covmolten lava to run down its sides and hours of the same time and to within ered and hidden for nearly two milto fill the heavens with its ash and a few inches of the same height year lenniums. We walked through the steam and rocks. The volcano was after year for unknown ages.

streets of this deserted city, now exmerciless. It would leave nothing to Another spring, another flood, the

cavated; we went into the shops, grow upon its breasts. soaking stream, more fertile mud and

homes, and temples; we saw their In a matter of hours the fury of this the Nile continued to give, to build and

liquor establishments and houses of powerful destroyer had seared the sustain, while Vesuvius burns and prostitution with the pictures still on trees, the vines, and all living things, crushes and suffocates. The volcano is

in the walls original colors. These all long the lava before slow moving had a destroyer—the river a builder. buried had been under ashes for long crush to reached them them and burn

centuries. We climbed this mountain into nothingness. The heavens were find that men are like rivers and

with its cinders and lava, and when filled with ashes which soon smothered volcanoes. They construct, and they

we came into the great crater at the all life including the humans who were destroy; they purify and inspire, and

top, we were amazed to find that a few utterly helpless before the whims of they defile and mystify; they give life,

inches beneath our feet was molten this destructive element. and they bring about death. Recently

lava, still flaming. All was destruction: Plants and I had a visit from a handsome youth,

We climbed up into the crater of that people were destroyed; homes, shops, {Continued on page 324)

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AMERICA:

LAND OF THE BLESSED

BY &$&Q4h7

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Monday morning session of the 118th annual general conference, April 5, 1948, in the Tabernacle

ELDER EZRA TAFT BENSON AND SISTER BENSON

pray for the inspiration of the Lord I am grateful for the prophetic misthat his power was here, and that as I address you for the next few sion of this nation as it has been produring times of struggle and conflict

I moments. I have been thrilled with claimed by prophets, ancient and modreferring to the Revolutionary War

the testimonies that have been borne ern. I have before me, this morning, that the Lord was with them and susin this conference. I love this work in some of those prophecies made by tained them and bore them off victoriwhich we are engaged. Book of Mormon prophets which I ous. He further saw that this land was

I am grateful, my brethren and sisshould like to refer to briefly. consecrated to those whom the Lord

ters, for this land in which we live. I have always been grateful that the should bring and who would serve him

I never return from foreign shores but Lord saw fit to hold this nation, as it and keep his commandments; that it

what I have a feeling of gratitude for were, in the hollow of his hand in prepshould be a land of liberty; that it

the prophetic mission of America. I aration for its great mission as the should never be brought down into

love Zion, both as a place and as a cradle of liberty and the cradle for the captivity unless it be because of the condition. Church and kingdom of God that was iniquity of the people.

During the last few weeks there has to be established, and now has been The Lord promised through Nephi traveled from one end of the country established, in this the last dispensathat the power of God would be with to the other a socalled Freedom Train, tion. the gentiles whom he should brina to

the purpose of which has been to dithis land and that the wrath of God rect our attention and focus our inter- 'T'he prophet of the Jaredite colony, would be "upon all those that were est upon our heritage and blessings as Mahonri Moriancumer, commonly gathered against them to battle."

American citizens, and to call our atreferred to as the brother of Jared, Later, after the colony, which came tention to those foundation principles spoke of this land as a choice land, a to be called Nephites, arrived on the upon which this great country has been land choice above all other lands. He western hemisphere, their prophetestablished as a Christian nation. indicated that those people who live leader Lehi declared:

It has been an attempt to call to here should worship the God of this is if unto blessconsecrated this to land the they land enjoy were Wherefore, attention sacredour which documents it if be so bring. shall he And liberty free him of be freedom and and whom of ings origin the development andmark the to according shall serve him that they if from Otherwise, they bondage. liberties inour to us an and reawaken it given, hath he which commandments off. failed, to they swept be were And of theappreciation of American way liberty wherethem; of unto shall land be a this everlastis the that he proclaimedlife. notice called to our have had shall brought fore, never down be they We

ing decree of God. it of if things that shall so, must becauseimportant do captivity; be into if we we

are to continue to enjoy and pass on to Sixteen hundred years later the iniquity; for if iniquity shall abound

coming generations the priceless blessProphet Nephi was privileged to see cursed shall be the land for their sakes, the righteous it shall be blessed estabhistory but large part of the of the unto in a are ours. Embodiedings which

(II forever. 1:7.) Nephi nation. of this lishment great spoke He are eternalthese sacred documents

its regarding terms no uncertain of the utin of the brother Jacob,principles—God given—and The Prophet Spirit that the mission. He told to all of us.most importance years twentyfive of Nephi, later was

Now while the world is literally in privileged also to see into the future proclaim regarding this land to and true Latterday that against fortifyWea mess,are isinclineda goodsotimemuchto totaketakestock.our Every the land God would

blessings for granted. We are five Saint has a deep love and other nations; that he that foughtgenerations—170 years—removed from respect for the Constituagainst Zion would perish; that no king

shores; these ever be raised on of this land. would

here forevertheWefoundingare livingof thisin a greatcriticalnation.period of tion a light be would that God

the world's history. We note, on every unto the people who accepted and

side, the spread of coercive systems, the Lord came down and wrought upon listened to his words.

the increased power of dictators, and a man upon foreign shores, and that And so this great nation, my broththe influence of state control and its he went forth and discovered this ers and sisters, has come into being power over the individual. Recently, land. He also saw other gentiles folunder the inspiration of the Almighty

we have witnessed nations which have low to these shores under the influence to accomplish his purposes. Through

succumbed to the onslaught of these of that same Spirit. And he saw that modern revelation we have made very

coercive systems. I am sure it has the Spirit of the Lord was here and plain to us something of the mission

caused deep reflection upon the part that multitudes of people came to these of America and the establishment of of all of us who enjoy the blessings of shores and that God prospered them our national Constitution in this disfreedom in this blessed land of because they humbled themselves bepensation.

America. fore him; that he was with them and (Continued on page 342)

MAY 1948 283

"The Lowly CIGARET"

BY PpC G \yteX4a4

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

/Address delivered at the Tuesday ings of your parents, your Church, and afternoon session of the 118th your friends who love you. Instead,

annual general conference, you take the advice of a tobacco merApril 6, 1948, in the chant who has no more interest in you

Tabernacle than to get what money he can out of you by making you a slave to his product. And then, you tell yourself, "I

think I will buy some cigarets."And

so, with a guilty conscience, and feelELDER MARK E. PETERSEN ing as if the eyes of the whole world

are upon you, you go and buy your conference has certainly been a the Lord has not spoken to your young first package of cigarets. Then, you

Thisgreat inspiration to me. I am gratefriends in the other churches, nor to the wonder where you are going to smoke

ful for the strength that I have reheads of their churches, giving them them. You do not want to smoke them

front of parents because your you to inceived directing revelation from as brethren they divine them any have my it it is wrong, know and you know In things. Italked to harmful to these and you. from very abstain me am

their hearts. not break would do You acceptglad their that the blessed churches not even they do has Lord them

so, and I hope that he will bless me the principle of modern revelation. want to smoke in front of your nonas he has blessed them. But with us, it is entirely different. smoking friends because you know

tell so, you. they what would you And his I latterday us to have than has spoken with by happy been more God

neither place your go where somethe participation prophets. us given modernday has of the people young He

friends parents you. see your can nor thisin I that revelation, is not conference. declaring tobacco you, Like was

package, the you open and you isthrilled the for soul and Then singing man. That word of good by the in my

it first cigaret, take put out that in your Latterday will to the the of University chorus,the Brigham the Lord Young it. light a mouth and you Then make turn Saints.yesterday; backs the our Priesthood Aaronic Whenever we by

chorus in our priesthood meeting last upon that principle, to that extent we great discovery: You find out that by

cigaret, that sucking of with one on endnight, the turn Lord. backs again, our singing the and upon by now

light the other, the actually can you on theseof wonderful from young people it; get read out of having and smoke is I an American average young College. for gladRicks them. As 'T'he am

in advertisements, the have what you A I visited freedom, the loves various individual have stakes and who cigarthat puffed having and on away boss, firewith not does inmet to your people wants young and be his own et, inflates the operation your whole

I his likesides regulate other meetings, to other people and have have been everlastingly grateful for them. I am life for him. But some of them misego.and youSo blowyou thethrowsmokebackin theyourair,head,and

you say, "Well, I really must be someGod has spoken to us by his latterday prophets. He body."You want to smoke some more, inashas given us modernday revelation, declaring that much as you have fallen for that temptatobacco is not good for man. tion, but you do not want to do it in private all the time, and you do not want

to be the only smoker in a nonsmoking glad for their strength, for their faith, understand their independence, and in crowd, so you seek out other people and their devotion, and I have a feel- a spirit of misunderstanding say, who smoke, so you can smoke with ing of confidence that in the years to "Well, if I want to take a smoke, that them. It may be that you already have

come, when the affairs of the Church is my business. I have a perfect right some smoking friends and that they

are given into their hands, that all will to. It is a free country, isn't it?"But were the ones who provided those first

be well. in submitting to the enslaving influence cigarets and that you began to smoke

I realize that there are many pitfalls of nicotine, they contribute to a loss of with them. In either case, you begin

in the paths of our young people, and the very freedom they talk about.

some fall into those pitfalls, and for If you adopt the cigaret habit, it will, them we grieve. With this in mind, I in large measure determine the kind of Remember, you can

would like to direct my remarks more life you are going to live, the kind of never live successfully will have, friends of perthe kindparticularly to the people, and you young the without the Lord. So cigarets. are going to marry, son even I desire to talk you about

I wonder, young people of the kind of children you may have. Do many have tried, and

Church, if you have ever seriously you regard that as an extreme stateall have failed.

thought about what a cigaret means to ment? Let us think about it for a few

a Latterday Saint. It means more to moments.

us than it does to other people. I know If, at your house, you happen to take breaking off your connections with

that some of you will say that you do a newspaper or a magazine which caryour nonsmoking friends and start to not see why, that you have friends in ries cigaret advertising, and those alform your associates among smokers.

other churches who smoke, and they luring advertisements tempt you to And in this way, your cigarets begin to seem to get along all right, and their smoke and try to make you think that choose your friends for you.

churches do not criticize them for it, it is smart to puff on a cigaret, and if One of the very difficult things about and you do not see why our Church you fall for that temptation, what is the this, is that the habits of smokers so takes the attitude it does on this subfirst thing you do? often do not stop with smoking, but

ject. Just remember, if you will, that You brush to one side all the teach- {Continued on page 335

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Feed my Sheep"

Address presented as the "Church o/ Under what we call our Church the Air"sermon over Radio Station welfare program we have endeavored

KSL and the Columbia Broadcastout of the consecrations of the people ing System, Sunday, April 4, at to meet our obligation as we have seen 8:30 a.m., Mountain Standard it. Because this is a problem common

Time to all men of good will, I think you may be interested in a brief, general explanation of the principles on which is past. to build. been have have sought rewe WeEASTER

death, again of the life, minded and this program was established When resurrection of Christ the Lord, the President Heber J. Grant then said its

of again are mankind.Redeemer We

.. insoto set up purpose was. primary his to apostles the ofreminded charge

possible, it under system a might be as to he appeared themof old when idleness be done might of curse the the whichfar third time after his resurrection, and away with, the evils of the dole abolished, speaking directly to Peter and independence, industry, thrift, and selfrespect established among our people: The

third time, saith Simon, the unto him He help help to people of the Church

Iovest of Peterson thou Jonas, me? was aim

. (should become) themselves. Work is. to.

thirdgrieved said the he unto because him lives of our of principle the ruling the time, thou said unto he Lovest me? And Church membership.

all things;him, thou thou Lord, knowest

knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto

him, Feed my sheep. (John 21:17.) \a/e* * Almightybelieve thatGod,it is bindingthe mandatenow ofas

It is generally understood that the when given anciently, that

Lord here enjoined those engaged in his work to teach the gospel, to impart ELDER HENRY D. MOYLE In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat

till for the unto ground; return thou bread,spiritual to strength those be may who

for thou it taken: dust thou of out wastspiritually profess those weak. As who return. shalt (Geneart, thou dust unto and ly to follow this injunction of the Savior, ofto the none follow us can sis 3:19.) Master. responsibility. serious thatescape

remiss? been yet, not have we And is rethere yet, not another And We also accept as the word of the that to think prone not been Have we injunction, in that which,quirement

full duty our have when done we Lord: in nature, temporal not be wethough may

to dollars organized idle is given idle; for that have a few he shalt not be Thou satisfy thedisregarded? conCan we

garthe nor wear shall bread the felt the satisfied eat relief not that hungry and resurrectedcern the Lord—"Feed 42:42.) laborer. (D. the of C. ments & clothed? the be fed and naked would chilhis leave wemy sheep"—whenof of lost the sight timenot Have we find hungred,"them, "andren as we principle deny not does great This gift the that less without "the axiom"thirsty,"stranger,""a "naked,"asthe to the poor nor to the needy is bare"? giver satis- "in prison,""sick,"without and wholly have. sistance they should The of guilty preachbeen not Have we theirfying need? sickly are aged, the the incapacitated, hand, the ing industry one and on work is literal fulfilment the important So all every but tenderness, for cared with and destroying independence all whileof this of requirement sacred made is to enjoined do person ablebodied other? idleness the promoting on thisdisciples that taught Christ of he dehis himself to for avoid utmost the us of broken not Have many principle:fundamental efforts if his can make pendence, own thy ancient given Israel—"Honor law

to look possible; upon course a passing to such. thy I father and as unto Verily you, Inasmuch say mother"—in his to combine as temporary; adversity

it of of the least the one care in our others of those untoye. have. done who

ability honest with faith in his own brethren, it untothese done ye have for us? my years cared younger

his toil; rehabilitate himself and tome. 25:40.) (Matthew

family to a position of independence;

Can our prayers ascend to the throne in every case to minimize the need for of mercy and be heard and answered, help and to supplement any help givenas we humbly desire, unless we prac- &v with his own best efforts.

tise charity in our lives? Must we not We believe it is seldom when men

give of ourselves and of our means in of rigorous faith, genuine courage, and helping others? Good intentions alone unfaltering determination, with the love

are not enough. Charity is not a virtue OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE of independence burning in their hearts,

to expect in others only. It is the alland pride in their own accomplishimportant Christian attribute to be ments, cannot surmount the obstacles

found in ourselves. These matters are of the very esthat lie in their paths.

The Apostle Paul placed it in its ence of the gospel. We of the Church We know that through humble,

proper position when he wrote: of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints so prayerful, industrious, Godfearing

believe. We have accepted as divine lives, a faith can be developed within

And now abideth faith, hope, charity, pronouncements us by the strength of which we can of these is but the greatestthese three; the blessings of a kind and call down the the needy poor and... ye must visitcharity. (I Corinthians 13:13.) literally Father and Heavenly relief. 44: merciful (D. to their administer and & C.

6.) see our handicaps vanish and our inTn one way or another all sincere dependence and freedom established

A Christian people have recognized And again: and maintained.

effect into to put cirendeavoredand have in unfortunate those Of course, principle ofthis the fundamental help. need They need food gossecrate... thouof wiltthy rememberproperties theforpoor,their andsupportconcumstances

pel. Miserable as the world is, it would that which thou hast to impart unto them, and clothing and warmth ministered by

be very much poorer without the efwith a covenant and a deed which cannot a friendly hand. And they also; need

forts of those who have tried sincerebe broken. (Ibid., 42:30.) (Continued on page 339)

MAY 1948 285 The Power of the PRIESTHOOD BY

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

Address delivered at the Monday afternoon session of the 118r/i annual general conference, April 5, 1948, in the

Tabernacle

they are reprepriesthood are endless. The power of

PATRIARCH ELDRED G. SMITH AND SISTER SMITH senting Jesus the priesthood, if used correctly, under

Christ when the proper inspiration, may command they administer the elements, and they shall obey in the sacrament accordance to the will of the Lord.

LikesomeBrothertime inRomney,preparingI havea speech.spent andreadilypassacceptit to itthein thecongregation.various ordinaWe F ast Wednesday we heard several

However, a little different from his tions performed by those holding the of the mission presidents bear testicircumstances, I just haven't been able Melchizedek Priesthood; but to me mony in the temple meeting, of the

to get the spirit to give that speech. I the power of the priesthood reaches ministrations which have been miracuthink when President McKay spoke my much farther than that. We have also lously accepted, that healings were

name my heart skipped a couple of the patriarchs who are sitting over made almost immediately, some were beats, and I haven't been able to catch there, which is a representation of the immediate, that the power of the Lord up with it yet. patriarchs in the Church. I think we is being poured out upon this people

I have always been impressed with have about a third of the patriarchs, all over this earth in the same manner.

the assemblies in these conferences, maybe less, represented in this group, Through the administration of those ever since I was a small child. I have who also have the power to lay their who hold the priesthood even the eleenjoyed very much especially the hands on your heads, if you desire it, ments of the earth obey. The power

priesthood meetings, and as I look out and pronounce blessings upon your of the priesthood is the power of over this audience here today and see heads, and with such power that the Christ, which he had to create the this gathering of men in the body of Lord will accept of those blessings, earth and all that lives on it. Now

the hall who are all holders of the and, through your activities and if Christ has delegated that power to priesthood, backed by their wives or through your efforts to fulfil those us, and we use it correctly with faith, their sweethearts, or the other members blessings, the Lord himself shall sancthen why should we hesitate to adof their families, I am inspired with the tion those blessings to your good. It minister to the sick? Why should we

power that lies behind them. We have goes even farther than that, to me. We hesitate to call upon his help? Why

been reminded of the power of twelve have had many in our Church who should we hesitate to call upon the men who in the earlier days did a have prophesied, told us of things to elders at any time we need the power powerful work upon the earth. Today come in the future and which have of the Lord with us?

we have twelve men with the same come to pass. We have heard much We have taught since the beginning

power and the same authority, the during this conference of the prophof this dispensation the doctrine of the same message, the same responsibility ecies of the Prophet Joseph Smith, indestructibility of matter, and during given to them. Not only do we have which have been true prophecies, and the war I had the experience of workthe twelve men but we also have thousands and hundreds of thousands of

brethren in the Church holding the The power of the priesthood, if used correctly, same priesthood, the same power to go out and gather the people of the earth under the proper inspiration, may command the eleand give to them that same power, that ments, and they shall obey in accordance to the will they may receive a testimony of the of the Lord.

divinity of the gospel that they might also catch the spirit of the Lord and progress and work out their salvation. prophecies are being made all the time ing in the plant which produced the

This power of the priesthood is more today, not so outstanding probably as materials for the atomic bomb. We

than that. It is the power to represent those that Joseph Smith gave in the were working, you might say, with an

Jesus Christ, and all that the men do beginning, but we are given warning, invisible ray, because we took the mawithin the authority and power of that and are given counsel and advice and terial, put it through a certain process priesthood is just the same as if Jesus told that if we don't follow it, we will which made it invisible to the eye.

Christ himself were there personally reap the penalty or reward in accordThen it was caught again in a sepadoing it; that means in all the adminance to our actions and our deeds. To rated condition, separating the U235

istrations and all the ordinations and in me the power of the priesthood goes and U238 and other elements of all the other activities which they pereven farther than that. The power of uranium. As a result of using those

form. We readily accept it when we the priesthood is the same power materials, elements of the earth were

tell the deacons and the priests and which Christ used in creating the dissipated into the air. The steel towthose of the Aaronic Priesthood that earth. The limits of the power of the (Conctuded on page 326)

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA too, 'said Carl as he looked up they didn't. If they could move, they a childlike simplicity and trust which

from the newspaper headlines. danced—as well as ate. Food and captures the spirit of heaven. It has

patience. exercise music, wearies. It never I warmth, gaiety, and has And it"B "Boo yourself—but why?"

feet,asked. of high courage thawed life to deadened a certain amount and gave new

"Just a word of derision for the postfrozen muscles, and relieved tense daring within it. It is the very heart of

war world—or prewar—whichever hearts. accomplishment. We are told that it

you choose."Not long ago, I talked with a man can move mountains.

"There's no question as to my choice over fifty. He looked no more than We have seen it move people over

—but I don't always get it."forty—which of course is old by the mountains. It moves them to something

My own smile was widening, and I standards of twenty, but by any standgreater than their best, and when they was glad to see that Carl's was measurards, considerably younger than fifty. can do no more, it moves them to the

ing up, too. Carl is twentycertain knowledge that their

three, and recently I have Heavenly Father will take it is well."thatnoticed of increasing and a look "AH! l| n over i

truthstrain 4I in that his It is the assurance face. I've young IE a ii'fh II/\f \fl II \ I'P I V is 1I inright felt that triumphs, thatsometimes I would M

like to try one of the new vincible, that his purposes electric irons on his crinkled "old will not fail, and that if we are in line man's"brow. It needs smoothing. with those purposes, no permanent evil But he isn't the only one. There's world"can befall us.

Joan who lives on the next block. A The pioneer formula was hard work,

disquieting look fills her eyes. It isn't vigorous fun, and a sustaining upsurge

just the thoughtful expression one of faith. These ingredients gave vitalitymight expect from a university senior. & to their days.

It's a definitely troubled look—an unThe same formula can help us allhappy look. n /am {urentnati today. It can help smooth the wrinkles

there's Carl's friend. Jim, And He to It help can Carl's Joan brow. from

air. reckless It's a fairlyowns new, It help can happiness. Jim glowing a family, goodsized reared a had I Heand he's to going wonder what do unbecoming his but discard to new field, in mission the served years many it.with air, reckless a new you With It and air. help Martha can reckless still carried responand Church heavy lot things.can a of do of them Some Allan Bill fearless and composure to a sibilities his cares. as business well asare others. than worse confidence. less more and wariness to I believe, the than harder He, worked Bill Martha and worry me. They've truth. literal is the that And his also, but, of years, he average manbeen married and onehalf years, two

and they have two babies. I've been played vigorously three times a week Figuratively, the idea has even wider

told that after some years together, at a gymnasium. application. It is based on the old and

sensible only the way that fact tested stuff,"said, he tournament "Not married couplesmany to look grow is difficulties to and problems meet of "just fun up and a good stirring my toalike. Knowing Martha and Bill—one

is if there squarely, and at look them tall; short,fair, one dark; one one one circulation."

solve to done that be can anything It isn't usually necessary to recomslim; one vivacious, one one

is if there it at to them, do once—and exercise Sports to people. young mend think they would could neverquiet—Iheavy, the to done, that make be can nothing of hold today's so taken youth have alike.look do. they But both They

fear. or worry without of them else best that of "nothing them do some frightened!look

ever about things worry satiswe there is Few of the Although much is surprising of all Allan. Most He but."do, never that those to us, and happen in these physifaction and exhilarationis visits only seventeen, he in our and

anticipate. They as exactly I it is happen skills, we talking cal not what amhome a watchful frequently—with think. They as as bad are seldom we exercise thinking the about. I am like Allan.manner. the of Short We girl surprisingly good. often The are relief is just that vigorous good being struckhouse by lightning, I can of play—a

friends her is distraught over boy who bodies to minds of the hard and workthink of befall harm no which could end. in the married herself finds happily plains. the of medicine open goodhim, alert aniyet of reminds he an me—the

hasn't fretting if doesn't, her she in genius the And old dancing There was in coloring protective donningmal a is situation. who the boy helped The in the today onhostile world. trails—acknowledged

interrupt will that another war afraid use. I've its vigorous revival of a of people number young A surprising his that only own sure his life be can or seen young never tense aretoday and without anyone—old grim—not will accomplish indecision and worry a "square dancing dance"looked who to but causesome purpose. no good

frightened, troubled, reckless, or the same ill effect.

<\TU all need we course, of he once is ours to to enjoy. use and need—what Today watchful—after, *"reel Virginia process the steps. and learned (The will better than ever come moment of No rHAT—istheya rousing

a tremendous renewal of our faith. learning some of these intricate forms right now for accomplishment and hapThis prescription of panaceas is to be could make any of us furrow our piness; no day is better than today;

taken both literally and figuratively. brows. That's why I vote for the Virno age so exciting as our own age; no

Let me tell you what I mean. ginia reel—I already know it!) blessings and privileges so wonderful

In the last few days I have been as our own. If we aren't working and

reading the story of one of the handenjoying and accomplishing to the fullcart of which remnants companies—the

sent outwere rescued by scouts to diets est,and thenwe needsomethingto cultivateis wrongfaithwithand us,to help them into the Salt Lake Valley. It learn to dance. This is the message of

tale. handcartwas a gripping Those matter Virginia TALK IT OVER the what no reel—that

terriblepioneers hunger and knew of today, the problems must work we fatigue and pain. Part of the time they hard at solving them, and what cannot

knew nothing else. Death walked with HPhere was something else that kept be accomplished by healthful effort

them. Today it took their loved comthe pioneers going. Even more efmust not be permitted to consume us in

panions. Tomorrow it might take them. fective than their dancing, was their unhealthful worry.

Cold bit into the marrow of their bones faith. Faith means different things to

and gave them no peace as they tried different people. But a strong religious

to push on by day or to rest by night. faith is a compound of all the great A nd while we are working today, we

When rescue arrived, many would virtues. It has integrity at its core becan cultivate the long view—which

have been glad to drop into the wagons cause complete faith is impossible is an element of faith. If we have that

and never lift their heads again. But without it. Obedience is included, and {Concluded on page 350)

MAY 1948 287

my mother, and I believe that the father of Jesus Christ in the flesh was

Elohim, my Eternal and Heavenly

Father.

I believe that Jesus came into the world with a very definite mission. I

do not regard him merely as a great teacher nor as a profound philosopher, nor do I merely profess to believe in him, as is the case with many soELDER MARION G. called Christian people of the day.

ROMNEY AND President Grant, used to illustrate their

SISTER ROMNEY lack of faith in him by telling of the experience of Senator Beveridge, who among several hundred eminent ministers of popular churches of the day, whom he interviewed and interrogated, failed to find a single one who could unequivocally say that he believed that

Jesus Christ was the Son of the Living

God, sent by him to save the world. I

believe that, with all my soul I believe it, and I believe that in Gethsemane

Address delivered at the Monday and on the cross Jesus suffered for the morning session of the 118th sins of all men, good and bad, that annual general conference, they might be resurrected from the April 5, 1948, in the TESTIMONY dead and have immortal life. I beTabernacle lieve that through his atonement, Jesus

paid for the sins of every human soul who has lived or will live upon the.Y beloved brothers and sisters, I earth, upon condition of repentance

have here in this book a talk and acceptance of the gospel. I

upon which I have spent many believe that by living the gospel we preparation. in thoughthours and his atonclean through be washed I ASSISTANT TO THE may

it at this conferintended to give,had the into ing blood back and come ence. If I had spoken before President COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE presence of God, our Eternal Father,

David O. McKay, I would have talked when life is over; and live with him

the necessityto of about you celestial presence. eternally in his faith in it. I to believe him born were we

effective Christthe as an Jesus Lord realities are to me. I These things I in not to do heaven. our mother and

to of bringing the world. peacemeans of believe experience the past not do I but process, the do know how know

talk, soul, has given body and I myHe life believe than any more own my fathers mothers to and are born our we

I in could better than aand much way truths. great these I is think this that the in earth and way

it, I shall talk therefore not givenhave it. is similar I feel that there a about

I will that of subject, gift but in ask the each ofon the Ghost. T believe Holy that relationship him between and me

if silent will, offer toyou, a prayer the you Prophet occasion one JoOn I father, that feel earthly or toward my 1 for forin heart,,too you, me, your and in talking Smith seph Washington was I feel he him did toward was when will here probably stay you United? to the of the of presidents one-—because I thought here. about always have

I listen the to haveand I it may States, President believe me—that was Van I I in believe this born way. was God

I the.Spirit to of speak while you Lord I picture. often think of that Buren. spirit in spirit child the as to a him

extemporaneously.wholly in of president the sat myThere what and before born here, world

for sornething I have which no you is the in nation the greatest judgment will about I say you I wasmyself—-and what

in toother give person can this world although him, waswith he world and feel personal the pardon reference—I It is personal testimony.you. You infinitely my sat a unknown, was man who that soul other every about human

testimony, give your and canhave you theof than president the in earth. lives the

Ithat, while mine, but have and you States, of the the LivUnited Prophet before him with weI believecame here.we all lived greater

I testimony,are not bound by am my ing had'the God, man God whom bound by it, and I would like to bear reserved in the spirit world to come to it will give if the to Lord you me into these latterdays the earth in be lives. that God 7 knowstrength. through strument would God whom I believe Father is the he I lives. first arthat The know this, God in restore everlasting gospel the

ticle of our faith begins, as I recall it, of my spirit and the Falast dispensation. "Well,"said Presithe Eternal believe in God,"We the Prophet, Buren to "What Van Father of your spirit. dent..."ther. as I believe a personal in him the difference is the between you and

being. I do not think he is an immaterest of the Christian world?"The

rial substance. I do not think that, as T likewise believe in the Lord Jesus Prophet answered in one sentence,.

a person, he fills the immensity of Christ. With all my soul I believe "We have the Holy Ghost."

I in at in small time him, is sospace and the same put peace and my hope of that the I believe Ghost Holy is the 5

I heart. life this behappi- dwell exaltationthat he can of and and in my third council the of grand member

lieve that his spirit can be in my heart, ness in the life to come in the atonethat presides over the destinies of this but I believe that God is my Father, a ment of the Lord Jesus Christ. I beworld. I believe he is a person, beperson. I believe with all my soul that lieve he was a son of God in the same cause when Jesus spoke of him he said,

he appeared personally with the Savior sense that we were sons and daughters istruth, Spirit he, the of Howbeit when spirit, in that into the the of I believe the Smith Prophet and Joseph God all truth. into guide he will you is the come, in least to him. talked of the son he hegrove and and At was God

16:13.) (John

flesh. that believe to the not Savior theintroduced boy Joseph was I do

Prophet in that great revelation and the father of Jesus Christ, although I I believe he is not a person with a vision which opened this last dispensado believe that he was a good and physical body of bone and flesh, but a tion. I believe he is the Father of my great man. I believe that Mary was spirit person, and I suppose if I should.

spirit and the Father of your spirthe mother of Jesus as my mother was ( Concluded on page 322 288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Walk by FAITH

BY

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Thismy brethrenis a veryandoverwhelmingsisters, and sight,is a Addressafternoondeliveredsession atof thethe Sunday118th position that I dread very much. I annual general conference,

sincerely trust that I may have an inApril 4, 1948, in the terest in your faith and prayers the Tabernacle few moments that I stand before you this afternoon.

I to express want appreciation my the telephone to parent pick and up for the privilege of this being here in his country foreign talk in a to son

Itgreat is assembly. certainly a Sabthe at see time him physicaland same

feastbath to day attend come and is well. that he ly, to knowthese three days of general conference.

ago, years Twentyfive had anyoneIt does something for our souls. You

television, said anything about we in our agriculturalknow pursuits

Brother Widtsoe will tell us of the would have wondered whether or not yet his thinking, and in sound he was of fallowingneed land, our permitting ELDER CLIFFORD E. YOUNG

things marvelous these have we rest,it to that it might be recharged today and revitalized. We come together for right at our door.

that in purpose these conference sions, too might be revitalized that we sesAne of our brethren was down in our thisseen wouldfit notbe.to grantGod into hisus mercythis greathas

recharged,and verily and these conlocality ago weeks a few because privilege now, to blessing and ference sessions give rest us the clubs, Brothservice and talk to our one of recognizes by must walk we faith. Wehe

peace of a Sabbath day. er Alvin Pack, a son of Dr. Fred J. must live by faith. Human experience

The Lord has told us that we should Pack who formerly was connected has taught that when we walk by pure go to his holy house on his day and with the University of Utah, and has knowledge, we forget the place of God there worship before him, offer our now passed to the other side, a lovely in our lives. I think it was William

oblations to him that we might be built character, a man in all of his scientific Dean Howells who made this observaup and strengthened. It isn't that the work stimulating faith. We were intion on one occasion, that he wondered

Lord wants us to honor him, but like formed of some of the presentday if one of the reasons why the other side all of his laws, they are for our benefit marvelous achievements. He told us was shut out from our view was beand blessing. His injunctions are that that as he earner around the point of the cause if we positively knew, we would

we might be happy, that we might mountain in his car a little flash on his be less kind, we would be less symgrow and become spiritually strong, dashboard indicated that he was pathetic in the positive knowledge that that we might ultimately be as he is, wanted on the telephone and on pickwould come to us, we would delay the that we might take upon ourselves ing up the receiver he was informed day of making right wrongs that beset great power. We are here in this life that he was wanted in New York, on us; but the fact that we walk by faith,

for that purpose, that we might underlong distance. With only a flip of a the fact that sometimes there is some

stand life and, as the scriptures say, button he was able, as he was traveluncertainty in our walking leads us to that we might have life more abundanting fifty or sixty miles an hour, to be more careful. Certainly the Lord in

make that connection and talk to New his great wisdom has withheld from us

President Smith referred this mornYork. Certainly this is a marvelsome of the things that we would all

love to know and see; and yet, as we

contemplate the marvelous experiences conare to day, from of life we day Our boys and girls need our help. They need our provgreat in his that the fact of scious

guidance, they need to know some of the pitfalls that idence we will eventually be able to may confront them in their experiences, and they surmount all of the physical things need to be talked to very frankly. that beset us. Then we will be ushered

into the eternal things, and we will know as God knows. We will have

ing to the fact that these services were ous age. It is an age for youth, power as he has power. Jesus had

not only being broadcast but also that an age of opportunity, and as I that power. He said in effect, "No man

the Saints who are assembled in the thought of these things and thought of taketh this life from me, but I have

Assembly Hall are permitted to see just this achievement of television I wonpower of myself to lay this body down what is being done, to see the Taberdered in my own heart if perhaps the and by the same power I shall take it nacle Choir in its singing and to see time will not come when we can see up. This I have received from my Fathose who are called to the stand to our loved ones on the other side. That ther."(See John 10:18.) Even so will

speak. It is verily a marvelous age. is not beyond the pale of possibility. we, his children, be given these great

Reference was made by Bishop IsaacTo us now, of course, it seems impossipowers, but all of them predicated upon son to the fact that he talked to his ble. Television was impossible for us not our subscribing to his divine laws and

son by longdistance telephone last so long ago. Is it not within the range living in accordance with his holy will.

night. You and I may talk to our sons of possibility that we may at some fueven in Europe.We may not only talk to ture day be able not only to commune T said a minute ago this is a great day

them, but we may also see them. What with those dear to us on the other side, * for youth. Our boys and girls are

a source of comfort it will be for a but to see them. What an assurance (Concluded on page 333)

MAY 1948 289 Be Ye Therefore Perfect...

EVEN AS YOUR FATHER IN HEAVEN IS PERFECT

edge that is really the crown of life, is that we may exercise choice, for we have our free agency. Let us never BY ctfZs&Jjt,

forget that the divine spark is in every man, in him alone, and that he is free to disregard it or to heed it, and to PRESIDENT come closer to God by showing his OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY eagerness to work with him and for him. Address delivered at the Monday

morning session of the 118th HPhe spectacle offered by humanity annual general conference, today is a deeply sad one. The April 5, 1948, in the

gestures of faith, constant attendance Tabernacle at Church, outward piety, signify if nothing his not does conform man

PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG nations want peace, they must underlife his ideals of the to the acts and teachings of Christ. Men must be stand the basic elements of the probmade to understand that the important lems. Peace must be established by

speaking to you at this time let thing is to develop what is within creating within man a spiritual conexternal not sciousness and by erecting better themselves, them, to purify to recall to the lesson conyouInme lies of all wars source structures. The closer to the perto come in tained the of story as themselves, Jonah

given by Dr. A. Lawrence Lowell of feet ideal which Jesus taught. He has in us;* the source of peace will come

Harvard University. shown us the way. The path is when we begin to teach the youth of

straight before us. We must love God; the world that peace depends on the

Temptations beset every one of us in we must love our neighbor; we must individual development of man from

every walk of life. By temptations I mean do unto others as we would have them within, on the deep penetration of the

failures to aright. see the case Jonah's Scriptures, was on the of the virtues Holy us. that the pray unto must do Weof in lost a of sight success man who dignity, of comprehension human to the of come the kingdom may Godreal of his object failed work. to see He in it believe is in sincere the of as heaven. nations world earth All Thethe right path. did because no harm He

all Christians of Rule, progress desire to the morally and and Golden men otherwise; disposed butGod if he could

have had his way, he would have destroyed spiritually leads to the erection of an are agreed to the Ten Commandments, all the people of Nineveh, and thought he inside temple, without which the outthe Sermon on the Mount, the Lord's was doing right. Yet, had he stopped to ward manifestation of faith becomes Prayer, the birth and resurrection of

ask himself seriously what was the right useless. In I Corinthians, we read: Jesus Christ. These are the fundamenhis his mission,*of ceranswer would own chilto the taught to tal doctrines be

tainly it that been have the to bring was permanothing for world, of the drenpeople of to Nineveh repentance. His temple... yetheare.temple(I Corinthiansof God is 3:17.)holy, which

is is built consequence the that not nentneglect to ask himself that question was the cause of his error. He lost sight of his And we read in II Corinthians: of a deep previous transformation inobject, not because he could not see it, but the individual soul. We must have

because he did not try to.... where the Spirit of the Lord is, there greater faith in mankind, and the divinity

is liberty. (II Corinthians 3:17.) of man should be made known to chilMen have good intentions; they dren from the time they

mean well; but they do not act well. Says Le Comte du Nuoy can walk on up to manThey do not continually ask themin his Human Destiny. Men have good hood or womanhood. It is

selves, "In what condoes best distrust that my from they is to intentions; one only There waysist?"lesser pursue aims, They not is suffering. world Wethe reFirst, to attain peace. well; but meanbecause they prefer them, because but determined must be more historic of cult establish thein the press strain in of events, and the to fulfil before ever than act they do not youth the teaching peace, by

life,cares of they in absorbed become of great expected task the the entire with the world of well.

immediate objects and forget the highsame substance, thus estabus; to make ourselves beter ones. Then, too, many of our young lishing a basis for mutual ter; to make others better;

men do not realize the importance of understanding. This is a preliminary step to make this a better world to live in

long, hard work. They have not disand it can be taken immediately. Next, to and to bring mankind nearer to God

cult of individual to establish the human theirciplined in try minds to persevere love hearts to in our peace and have stifling destiny, to improve and by mandiligence steadfastness. and all They for men.

instincts. the of will be This work wrong learned nothave to strenuendure how It direct action to centuries is only come. by

ous, conscientious to work; salvation that believe how the only T17e better that society sucyouth can be on a

wrestle and work through delays, cessfully molded. All socalled philosophi- *T for mankind will be found in

through disappointments, and failures, cal and political principles must be rereligion, in the true and everlasting through the darkness till the breaking placed by Christian principles, the only gospel. Never in its two thousand

based onesof the day. never Let us be sure we Christianity on liberty and the respect of years has a more had

destiny. human calling attention to busybecome our call urgent opportunity and a nobler

own virtues. Never let us thirst for And then Le Comte du Nuoy goes to fulfil its obligations as the comforter

praise but do tight /or right's sake,* on to say that God gave men liberty and guide of humanity,

Above all, avoid that indifference, and conscience, and the whole nobility I believe that faith and works must that apathy, that is glad to wrap itself of man is derived from the proper exbe taught and developed in our chilunder the cloak of piety, and be this liberty. selfercise is of time has that there The dren. I mean By works,

satisfied, selfrighteous. knowlThe as individuals as well nations effort that come for to intellectual and meaning a

Mtalics President Young's to know what they want. If civilized {Concluded on page 334)

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 118th annual general conference, Wv?>7T April 4, 1948, in the BY

Tabernacle OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Thebeforepleasantyou, brethrenthing aboutand sisters,standingis world,(John 14:27),but his notpeace,thethepeacepeaceof thatthe

to have the opportunity to look at passeth understanding, the peace that you and recognize among you many of one can feel in one's heart in the midst our friends. If you love me as dearly of trial and turmoil and persecution,

as I love you, then I am happy. I And if we could get that peace, espewould like to serve you since the Lord cially in this time of uncertainty, what

has said that inasmuch as we serve the a wonderful thing it would be for us.

least of his children, we serve him. The peace that passeth understanding

That is our purpose, and that has al-—how are we going to go about getways been my purpose, to serve God ting it?

to the best of my ability. I am sure that He told us on one occasion, too, that

he lives, and I am grateful for all that the first commandment was to love he has done in my behalf. God with all our hearts

Last Sunday we celeand with all our might and strength, all our with and brated Easter, on 66 "M the day M"\f cornthat there the is anotherwhich wl we recognize W resurrection of Christ, our IfJL JL mandment like it, which is

Lord. It is a wonderful to love our neighbor as

thing to contemplate what W\ "II 1 C\ 1 we love ourselves. If we

he did for us. I am not r II II I I will do that, we will serve

so happy to think of what - -U 4* \J -U our neighbors as we might have been our lot if would hope that those PRESIDENT ANTOINE R. IVINS

it not had for him. been

But realize when the LEAVE neighborsserve us. wouldIf wehelpcouldand we

that gift to ourselves bringwonderful which he

I conthe that believe God. WITH.1 If service ofgave us his through wholehearted 1 H atoneflict that recently we terminated—andduring it I ment, that sure should give men, we us am IT is fear A imminent v people some great joy the highway and be on happiness would U I U boys of our were many whichagain—there that a and realization of of the determination new struggles the of warthrough went who to this In serve him, to peace. serve supreme him a their hearts, in fare that with peace to the is struggling best ability. very of our everybody day gave when He peofree other to offense of conscience us it an gain, opportunity to is hard get into to the everybody back with go if give that ple they could knowing andpresence another of in our Father serve to heaven, one find time to from not lives for their they us were

ever came. too, thatwhom But, before promised, we wholeheartedly. He we actheir fearful give to and meet God if this will to repent things would the of we realize peace, that have which we It posservices. might their be count of

hearts, right, are do not whichwe our repent from do; eradicate and must we in spirit that sible to for enjoy us samehonestly sincerely proand feelings, our come from and and our from relationships each business with ourthrough the If waters into of could selfishness. the all baptism do gram, we if adtake ever other should no man

If of thebody Church, happier. there serve be and that would now, we It posto another. ought be vantage of

wellhim faithfully with and end, to the neighbors impress our could we feeling sible that to for enjoy same us that it he forgive us transwould those of now, should that they fact do the relationships social of in our peace gressions, that If could should appear happier. when be they we would we should that other, with no each manbefore him he guiltless the hold us naof would the governments impress another things offensive about ever say

thebefore Father, that that fact carry he the would with earth tions the of feelings. his hurt to

the sins. tells of burdens us, in our unselfish, there would should He they be

referIf will personal permit a you the of is that his that the that Book Mormon, a peace only not peace, be

I feel that over ence, I believe worsegospel this that into he and world came enjoy, but an opportunity could world

I to things thoughtless say the and do life his to give for the that world; heart in his realize himself, to for who man,

things the than other over people I do soever should repent in endure and peace. that wonderful

I to me, and they would do say and righteousness the to end, be would such Spirit the of to like to enjoy God sins saved, the of those people being I table asked at the dinner my rpODAY I or that extent say do never would anblotted out the from Book of Rememis it that guests, worry you "What to detrimental thing that be would a all,brance; the dearest consolation of people of other offenses the most, over I enjoy might another. perhaps, Then, I that findperhaps, in the reading

scriptures. made toward you, or the things you do that wonderful peace of Christ. He

to other people which are offensive?"said, in effect, "I leave it with you,"

He did for us, as has already been I have come to believe that you will and that implies that it is possible of else thing said, the could which no one as so long peace never have that the that you attainment, admit but we must life done,have having over power other things to is doing constantly and are that great, struggle of attainment death: he gave his life for us. God so people that you know you should not none of us is perfect, that failure

loved the world that he gave his Only do. If we can ever get to a state where seems to be the lot of most of us in

Begotten Son for us. The Only Beour minds are free of offense toward most things that we attempt to do to

gotten so loved the world that he gave other people, then I believe that peace approach perfection. But we must his life for us. We should learn to will begin to creep into our hearts and strive for it, nevertheless. It was held

appreciate it and to honor him and to that we will love them and love them out as a goal to us, and the nearer we help in the realization of his worthy so that we can bring them to our emapproach perfection in that respect the purposes. brace and serve them. Until that time greater will be our joy and our happiIt was said, on one occasion, that he comes, perhaps, we will never know ness.

was not bringing peace to the world, that peace. I believe that it is pos- I have been thinking of that lately a

but the sword. And then, again, he sible, in the midst of the turmoil of togood deal, how can we approach the

said, my peace I give unto you"day, to get that peace, the peace of {Concluded on page 345)

MAY 1948 291

Address delivered at the Monday dignitaries of that great state of Caliafternoon session of the 118th fornia were present. They started three

annual general conference, of celebration. great years very I was

April 5, 1948, the privilege, in the "Be what you happy to have humbly,

Tabernacle to represent a group of Latterday

Saint men of the Mormon Battalion at there that time a were hundred who am very grateful to my Heavenly Say"years ago. a contract had taken They

for this I Father privilege. to wish build the a mill discovery of when BY to to you humble testimony my I bear came, gold across the people when

that that this I know is the of work started trek California to a world and thatGod and a Smith Joseph was left and work. their homes \Z>4&GKS <sZ. &*<<'<zC4/ thousandsprophet of God. These very words judges Francisco, were Even in San

and the utterance of this testimony OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY leaving their benches. People left their

have already brought a blessing. The businesses. They rushed wildly to the

joy that floods my heart and soul as I place where gold had been discovered.

bear this testimony is a great satisfac- I was proud to represent these humble tion. Mormon men. They stayed with their

During the administration of Presitask and finished their contract. They

dent Calvin Coolidge as President of had made their promise to finish the the United States, I became a great admill, and on March 11, 1848, the mill mirer of the things he said and did. I was finished. Then they made their

want to read a few lines from President journey over the Sierra Nevada MounCoolidge tains to meet their families and friends.

stability, character, of the word The There is substitute no for morality, these again I must what men told mecharacter, religious conviction. and Unless

these abide, American citizenship will be do.

found unequal to its task. Somehow we

must get back to God, and that is very T AM grateful for a young missionary difficult for modern minds who have lost this year whom I met in the mission simplicity. field. He told me of an incident that

just before. happened a few days He

I read this morning this verse from a rather said, "Brother Kirkham, I had

Jeremiah interesting experience just the other

I day. going companion and were My

. I will Obey and be your my voice, tracting. out instructed been had WeGod,..and be ye shall people: walk and my

PRESIDENT OSCAR A. KIRKHAM to prayerful as be always apin we all the Iye that ways have commanded

you, that it may be well unto you. (Jereproached a house, and when I came to

miah 7:23.) the door the woman said to me, 'I

Arizona Temple, when I saw a humble understand you are a Mormon mis-

I am extremely grateful for the privSaint, entering the grounds, take off sionary. Well, I don't want anything

ileges that have come to me during my her shoes at the iron gate. I hurried to do with you. I know something

last calling in the Church. I have had over to her and said, "You may take about your people. You're just a menthe opportunity under assignment of your shoes off when you get inside,"ace. Leave this place.'Then,"said

going to Europe, Canada, and Mexico and she said, "Oh, no, I will take them the young missionary, "I had been told as well as traveling in many of the off here. This is sacred ground to me."to be prayerful, so I continued in my

states of the United States. Today I Then a little later in the sealing room heart to pray as I stood listening to

would like to express appreciation for I saw one of these darkskinned mothwhat she had to say. The woman con-

a number of simple incidents that have ers take into her arms her sixteenyear- tinued telling me what she thought of come to me recently. They may seem old son after they had gone through me and our people, and asked me again

to you simple things on an occasion the sacred ceremony of sealing. She to leave. I continued to pray. In a

like great, profound this when doctrines and said, embraced her boy abruptly you she turned few moments "Now and"taught,are being but simple eternity."I can't forget said, are mine for to me these don't come in?'you 'Well, why

incidents have been deeply impresthese simple things. To me they are Thank God for the stability of the

sive, for constantly they have said to me, ff'There is no substitute for morality, character, Have more faith, live your religion, be what you say. and religious conviction. Unless these abide, American citizenship will be found unequal to its task. I shall not forget soon a young man

at the hospital. He was entering the Somehow we must get back to God, and that is very

operating room. He was a very worthy difficult for modern minds who have lost simplicity."

and very dearyoung man to me perCoolidgesonally. they were As wheeling him—Calvin

into the operating room, the doctor noticed his that eyes closed. were He truly things. great kept have generation that's They marching to the on

said to nurse, the his pulse "Take saying to me, greatest destiny of people. our Theyquickly. gone."be He may The taught have lessons. helpful many me

faith. the more Have about more hisyoung said, Know opened eyes and man I that grant live May God may temple of the of privileges God. these Seek I I'm gone, not doctor."No, just was I their of association, worthy that may sacred opportunities.talking I to the told Lord. him to be great live I the thing and speak. do May tosure with be peryou when you I special a assignment Under was grant that high privilege same God to

this operation.form go ahead may You this asked to to year Caligo for Coloma, you, then shall happiness ours, be

I timeany now, ready."am fornia, at to the celebration the be of will not to and need to we go away

anniversary of the discovery of gold carry the message. The world will

T am grateful for a privilege I had with and to represent our people on the come to us.

the Mexican people of the Mexican program. Fifty to sixty thousand were God bless us, I humbly pray, in the

and SpanishAmerican missions at the in attendance. The governor and other name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Without Purse or Scrip"

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

I said, "we are supWhileday, II havehave beenbeen wonderingsitting herehowtoBookwant youof Mormon?"to read them."Oh,"You Address delivered at the Monday

many of you in this audience have posed to know what's on the inside so afternoon session of the 118th sons or daughters in the mission field. you can tell the people of the world annual general conference,

I don't believe President Smith would about them,"He thought about that April 5, 1948, in the mind if I ask you to show your hands. for a minute. He said, "Do you mean Tabernacle

Please do so. [A good number of we can read the Book of Mormon we

hands.] I am interested also in knowcarry with us, and that we're going to

ing how many of you folk here have carry some?""Yes, sir."He heaved but I have delayed until just recently.

ever traveled on missions for the Lord quite a sigh of relief and finally said, These young men said to me before and for the Church and at one time or "Well, I don't mind going without they left, "What are your instrucanother on those missions have travpurse, but I didn't want to go without tions?"I had none for them. I did not

eled without money. Would you mind script."The boy really thought we know what to tell them, so I said, "I

showing your hands? [A very don't know, but you go up there,

large number responded.] The and if you have had the proper

number is sufficient to give me training in this mission, you will courage to go ahead and talk. know what to do, after you have

I have a distinct feeling of asked the Lord."I assured them

humbleness when I realize that I that if they were humble enough am one of a large number of men and really desired to help those in whom the Presidency of the people find out about their anChurch has placed the responsicestors, the way would be bility of guiding the young men opened. Their faces were white

of the Church on missions. The when they left, and I am sure

Lord said, in trying to explain his they were uneasy about the aspurposes to men, and of course signment. May I now let them

he had to use the words of men: speak for themselves? I borrowed

from one of the boy's parents a

bring to pass the immortality—to... this is my work and my glory letter and would like to read a it to you: portion of

lifeand eternal of man. (Moses 1: small us no gave "President Young39.)

instructions, but we have had When I see your boys come out free rein and have only to deinto the field, with fear in their pend on the Lord to guide us in eyes and fear in their hearts, not presenting our message. He has

knowing how to commence, I realblessed us even more than we ize that somehow my responsibilcould have hoped for."Then he

ity is to bring to pass in their tells how they hired a hall in the hearts and their lives what the reservation hoping the Indians

Lord desires when he said he would come out, how only one wanted to bring men into eternal or two showed up, even though life. It fills me with fear. I conthey had promises from many,

fess to you that I have spent how they felt very much discourmore hours of the night in sleepPRESIDENT S. DILWORTH YOUNG aged about it. Finally, they left.

lessness since I arrived on this An old gentleman at the hall mission, worrying about it, than I have were going, to take his Bible, his Book walked out, too. Catching up with

at any other time in my life. I am sure, of Mormon, his Doctrine and Covethem on a corner, they began to talk

too, that I speak for my colaborers nants, his Pearl of Great Price, and all as they walked along. Finally the

when I say this. of his tracts away from him and let gentleman said to them (as they were

to do, to silently what praying suitcase. with him know go an empty these well perform young men How their to didn't have want they because fear. reneed haveyou are no They

. a lady "I spoiled) down know evening like to I should one thing say "VTow,markable. the peocome They among

like hear to I think would here who principles to the of regard withple of the world, deterthey are and mined that theirs shall be a mission this matter. Brother Bowen's remarks you."

filled with honor. They do not yet today are the key to it. Any boy who Their letter continues:

know for certain the one great lesson goes into the mission field with an idea "Well, we had nothing to lose and they must learn before they can be that he is going to get personal defelt we should go in and see her, so good missionaries, but they certainly velopment out of it will fail. If he goes we did. They were the people to

are anxious to learn it. I can still see into the mission field forgetting himwhom we had loaned a Book of Mor-

a sixfoot-four lad with eyes—it self, with only the idea that he is gomon, a Mrs. Shay and a couple of

seemed to me they filled his whole face ing to do something for the people of other people. These are Indian people

they were so large—he came into the the world, that his message is the most with American names. We were just

mission home after a long ride and sat sacred trust that he can possibly have, going to spend a while visiting one or down, and we talked. Somehow he he cannot fail. That's the lesson that two people, we thought, and maybe

had heard he was going to go out and the elders learn. How well they learn to talk about the Church some, but the

do some work in the country so he it I should like to attest before you by Lord had other ideas. The people who

was nervous about it, and he began to letting them speak for themselves. I were in the house didn't avoid us as

ask me questions. He said, "President sent two of your boys out, recently, most would, but came on in the living

Young, are we going to carry copies to a tribe of Indians. That's nothing room and sat down, and another girl

of the Book of Mormon with us?"I unusual. Ever since Brother Kimball came in and sat down in the living

assured him that he was. He said, has urged us to get busy, most of the room. The Franceses came in, then

"May we read these copies of the brethren in the missions have done so, ( Continued on page 33 1

MAY 1948 293 A Prophet oi GOD

y-*iiZ> by *yyfiLtt&*'k OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

is an aweinspiring sight to stand Address delivered at

IThere this morning on this beautiful the Sunday morning

Sabbath day and face this vast session of the WSth audience. I humbly pray that the Spirannual general conferit of God will attend me and direct ence, April 4, 1948, in

what I shall say. During the few mothe Tabernacle

ments that I occupy, it is my desire to give an interpretation of a prophet of

God, with special emphasis upon the dictions come to pass.

Prophet Joseph Smith. I am always To quote the words of

thrilled to hear that beautiful song, Deuteronomy for Thee, God, a ProphThank"We O if in thou say And et,"that sung a few moments was shall heart, ago, thine How thatbecause today have I know we the which word know we at the standingprophets head of the the not spoken? Lord hath

of prophet PRESIDENT MILTON R. HUNTER Latterday a Jesus ChristChurch of When

Saints. speaketh in the name of

If I were to ask you the question, the Lord, if the thing is to not, pass, that follow the nor age, come tender at a such concerned and it is is of prophet a God?""What thing the not hath spoken, which Lord all of you a such prophecy. making As that replyprobable immediate your

it the but prophet hath presumptuspoken fulfilled. this soon prophecy know, was is of prophet an be:would God "A ously: shalt thou of afraid him. not be reChrist of gospel Jesus was The inspiraindividual divine through who 18:2122.) (Deuteronomy

tion or revelation predicts future vealed to him, and he did establish a events."You may even quote the According to the word of the Lord, Church—the Church which God deApostle Peter, wherein he said: Joseph Smith was a true prophet clared to be

the because prophecies promises and living church true. the upon only and old the times not in For prophecy came by

all fulfilled."to "shall revealed I, him be earth, of with the..face the which whole will ofthe of but holy man: men God

pleased, this In unto speaking respect well Lord, favorthe he compares very am as the they werespake Holy by moved individualcollectively not church the and all ably or the with of any holy proph- (II 1:21.)Ghost. Peter

ets of old. God declared in his preface ly. (D. 5 C. 1:30.)

does Smith compare Joseph How folto the the Doctrine and Covenants later, at half years one and Three all the great aswith of ages prophets lowing: visitations angel the of the the time of of predictor future events?a When Smith, anto he Moroni Joseph made for these are Search they commandments, the fact consider the that Doctrinewe

I believe other was which prophecy faithful, true the prophecies and and and is filled revelationsand Covenants with its in all as just nature in as shall astounding promises are was which them be the the to thatfrom Prophet and Lord fulfilled. 1:37.) (D. C. establish that should prediction the he & of events future deal with themmany

living Church."the "true Joseph and

-.. certainly as couldwhich regarded be us of i consider Let a few j '—messenger iheavenly that.. said t,had j i. i-cuexamples also,prophecies; the consider 11 prophecies jut 111 when Smith and Joseph we by made the11.( anthat receive told an he would him that scripturesfact slightother their brought fulfilment. were but a boy When transthat record, cient he would and this inforth dispensation ly through fourteen age, past years of Joseph

it to Also, late book. publish a and that contain they to and returnedJoseph the the Sacred from many house words: quote Joseph's own this, in that additionprophecies; to that and spring on memorable mornGrove

he uttered numerous other predictions, ing in 1820. He told the members of... that my name should be had for

we are forced to conclude that few, if his family that he had seen the Eternal good and evil among all nations, kindreds, any, prophets who ever lived have Father and his Only Begotten Son in and tongues, or that it should be both good made more prophecies than did Joseph a vision. During the course of that and evil spoken among all people. {D.H.C.

Smith. I, therefore, would rate him vision, he had been informed by the 1:1112; italics speaker's.)

among the greatest of all the prophets Savior that the true Church was not Imagine an obscure frontier youth as a predictor of future events. upon the earth (D.H.C 1:2-6) and who had probably no more than a

We should also keep in mind the that if he lived a worthy life he was casual acquaintance with perhaps a fact that the prophecies of true prophgiven few hundred people at the most, not only prophesying that he would trans- "And whatsoever they shall speak when moved namelate andwouldpublishbe hada bookfor goodbut andthat evilhis upon by the Holy Ghost shall be scripture, shall be among all nations. Again, time has

the will of the Lord, shall be the mind of the Lord, provedprophet ofJosephGod. SmithHe didto publishbe a truethat

shall be the word of the Lord, shall be the voice of the book under the title of the Book of

Lord, and the power of God unto salvation."(D. & Mormon; and, as all of you know, it

baffled a century than has for more C. 68:4.)

enemies. of its thousands avowed

Almost immediately after receiving ets of God, uttered as a result of divine... a promise that the fullness of the his earliest visitation from heavenly beinspiration, or revelation, must and will gospel should at some future time be made ings, the Prophet Joseph Smith began

all be fulfilled. In fact, in the holy known unto [him] me. ("The Wentworth to be persecuted for the claims that he

scriptures we are told that the way to Letter,"cited in ibid., 4:536.) had made. Throughout the entire

distinguish between true and false Imagine a boy, untrained and uncourse of his life many people hated prophets is whether or not their preschooled as far as earthly schooling is (Continued on page 340) 294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA died without a knowledge All have speak who privilege—to

received it this gospel, have of would whoThisin aissessiona gloriousof the general conferto tarry, shall permitted they been had ence of the Church. I am grateful if

celestial of the of God; heirs kingdom be it. for

shall without die henceforth all that a that the you and I know work received have of would I are knowledgealso it, who is in true.engaged Bishop Richards shall all their heirs of hearts, it with be

has spoken of getting a testimony of that kingdom, for I, the Lord, will judge all this work by revelation from the Holy men according to their works, according to

Ghost. I, for one, as an elder in this the desire of their hearts. (D.H.C. 2:380;

kingdom, know that the work is true. I Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

know just as well as I know anything 107.)

in this world, that Jesus Christ is the Son

I knowof the Living God; that Joseph Smith, a There is no promise—that choice seer, was the instrument in his anything about—that those who reject

hands in our day, of giving us the laws the gospel in this life will be heirs of and ordinances of salvation; and that the celestial kingdom in the world to

the keys of salvation have remained come.

with the Church from the days of JoWhen the Prophet wrote his epistle seph Smith to the present moment. on the subject of baptism for the dead,

One of the doctrines of this kingdom, PRESIDENT BRUCE R. McCONKIE he said that it was

in which there is great comfort for the Saints, is that of... for the salvation of the

die without who should forsalvation the dead. We gospel. of the (D. a knowledge

in that the of mercyknow C. 128:5.) Now is the day of our &dead our ancestors worthyGod

may become joint heirs with us of the To me, and to you, and to everyone riches of eternity—and this because who has a fair and a just and an equitthe truth in able to opportunity accept respecter persons. of is noour God

is this life, in reSalvation the law, that the greatest said SmithJoseph my judgment, sponsibility in this world that God has that given by Amulek. He said:

laid to the LatterBY upon us—speaking the your of is the time and day... now Saints of their individual responday

if will therefore, repent salvation; and yesibility—is to seek after our dead. We and harden not your hearts, immediately

know that we, without them, cannot shall the great plan of redemption be be made perfect; neither can they, brought about unto you.

without us. OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY For behold, this life is the time for men

But at the same time, in this glorious to prepare to meet God; yea, behold the

life is perof for this the to day men day salvation fordoctrine of the dead, at the delivered Sunday Address their labors. form is tothere a the Latterday warning

the procrastinate session of the not your... 118th day do afternoon ofSaints. arises warning This because this until after for the end; repentance day general conference, annual

isthe limited die doctrine those to who life, is for to of us given prepare which in the 4, 1948, April

It the gospel. a ofwithout knowledge if eternity, not behold, our improve do we Tabernacle

I life, 'far us. this to in application time thehas as then while cometh no As

am concerned, as far as you are connight of darkness wherein there can be no cerned, as far as all the people are labor performed. (Alma 34:3133.)

heirs the the of gate which through beauty of have a knowledgeconcerned who as speaking Prophet Mormon, like HThe enter, will of that which kingdom was is the time gospel,the and the day now fire; he upon by the Holy was of moved also circling blazflames the unto

salvation.of our ing this seated of throne curse Ghost, God, whereon pronounced was upon

XTo people in all the world have been theful streetsFather ofandthatthekingdom,Son. I sawwhichthe hadbeautithe thosecept thewho,lawshavingof salvationopportunityin thisto life,ac-

I gold. of being with appearance paved blessed. as blessed been have we reject them:

Fathers Abraham, and and saw Adam my living at the oracles head; haveWe father that brother, Alvin, mother, and my,.. will that not unto him hearken be wo guide apostles to prophets and havewe

it slept, since marvelled long has and how also the of Jesus, to them unto and words willus, of the to us the mind and that inheritance he obtained an was had sent hath he chosen and among whom opportunity the toLord. have giveWe in that that seeing kingdom, dehe had for the them; of receiveth not whoso words

light latterday in revelathe ofwalk life this set his the before parted Lord had of those hath the and words Jesus he whom tion. And, accordingly, we have the hand to gather Israel the second time, and sent receiveth not him; and therefore he

responsibility to accept that light and had not been baptized for the remission of will not receive them at the last day;

walk as God would have us walk if we sins. (D.H.C. 2:380.) And it would be better for them if they

would reap the glories and honors of had not been born. (Ill Nephi 28:3435.'*

eternity. Alvin had died on November 19,

Jacob, the brother of Nephi, adds 1824, five onehalf years before the and dedication of the the Shortly before testimony: organized, through the this had in 1836,Kirtland a Lord there was Temple

Prophet, the of Christ Church of Jesus... the Holy Ghost wasperiod when that has the law given, him wo unto

Saints. Latterday had not been He all that of yea, the has to great commandmentspoured oXupoTthYpeopTe

abundance, particularly upon the leadbaptized Baptism is the gate to the God, like unto us, and that transgresseth celestial It of kingdom is impos of God. that his the them, wasteth days anders. twentyfirst the of January On

state! (II probation, is his for sible awful that enter to unless Nephi one kingdom of the Smith1836, and Joseph many

9:27.) spirit. of of the water is born and in theleading assembled brethren were

this vision given, At the time wasKirtland In the Prophet's lanTemple. are revealed principles the These but

father, others, Prophet's among wasguage, this took place: specific applications of the eternal law

with him in the Kirtland Temple. Thus that:

The heavens were opened upon us, and it is a vision of what was to be in the

I beheld the celestial kingdom of God, and future. Joseph continues to write:... of him unto whom much is given

the glory thereof, whether in the body or Thus came the voice of the Lord unto much is required; and he who sins against

out I cannot tell. I saw the transcendent me, saying {Continued on page 332)

MAY 1948 295 By J. N. WASHBURN

manners, who had caused a rupture in the country. Moroni, young chief captain of

the armies of the Nephites, had taken his own cloak and made it into a banner, naming it the Title of Liberty, and calling on all to rise to its defense. Mulek found himself consumed with jealousy. Before he

could join with Amalickiah, he received a note from Sarah to come to her home.

There she drugged him so that he would be kept from the folly of joining in the rebellion. Amalickiah, now king of the

Lamanites, raged and swore a great oath against Moroni, who went everywhere, encouraging, instructing, pleading with the people. At first Mulek followed Moroni,

trying to win adulation by supporting Moroni's projects. Always in the back of his

mind there rankled the thought of what

Sarah had done, how she had belittled him in the sight of the servants. Even though

she had saved him from public censure, he must find some way to humble her and win back his prestige. Mulek saw the opportunity to do this by challenging a sportsman

named Laban to a boat race. This would

assure a large gathering among the people who sought relief from the political disturbances. To the race came Sarah in all

her resplendent apparel, but she left in chagrin, for the name of the boat had been changed from "Sarah"to "Zorah."Even

the success of this rebuke to Sarah did not make Mulek content, for he still was eager to win the approval of the girl Zorah whom he had seen. He made a trip to her father's

house only to learn that she had gone to the city of Mulek to visit her Uncle Amram, a famous boatmaker. Because he hoped to

see her, he sought out Amram and ordered an expensive boat. However when he saw

Zorah, he, who was ordinarily so fluent in speech, found himself tonguetied. He left,

resolving to win her.

Chapter V Mulekthat firstlived momentover andwhenoverheagainhad seen Zorah in her uncle's house, when his heart had seemed to turn over, and he had struggled to keep from stammering, when his usual pleasantries had failed, when he was for once altogether unsure of himself.

He pictured again her perfection, the

TnrnrojKnnan* uprightness of her posture, the fearlessness of her outlook. He would have

given anything to be sure that she returned, in any degree whatever, the

CkJiT-l. affection he felt for her.

Seldom had any commander weighed carefully of attack the problems more requires a of law. of the govern and wide experience. a To knowledge knowledge men 'To judge, one needs did the probabilithan he and defense in the are found man."school often nor not learned in the These same same

ties before him. Seldom had any navigator charted more painstakingly a

dangerous course. He who had always

obtained what he wanted with wealth, influence, and the force of personality,MULEK now found himself almost helpless in situaof presence the a commonplace tion. to finding reduced ways He was

and means of meeting the girl alone, $ahaJvunlL since in the ordinary way of things their paths would not be likely to cross, house to were and he to Amram's go that events the counchanged had SYNOPSIS strange reher, could easily see she to ask ruled to a republic, a kingdom now and try from him. threshing fuse about was now He the priests the city where loved Zarahemla, of the Mulek mocked by judges. MULEK

his for in the excuse to meet an mind Amalickiah, his forefathers thought he church and although had ruled, of the rebel could not help dwelling frequently on the a man of tremendous powers and winning young girl.

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It seemed hours that he wrestled realizing as he did so how weak and think fast and hard to find an adequate with his problem. It held for him all pointless it sounded, however earnestretort. But Mulek was not given the

the zest of the chase, the challenge of ly he had meant it. opportunity to show how well he might

an intricate mathematical manipulation, "I am very well."have answered, for as Mulek and his

the pressure of a great need. Then in "How are your uncle and your lovely companion turned the corner

a flash of what he thought was positive aunt?"before Amram's ample house, they

inspiration, he found his answer and "They are in perfect health, as also came upon a group of excited men and was amazed at its simplicity, fie simare my cousins."women, all talking at once, with a vast

ply went outside, and in the street "How were your father and mother deal of gesturing. They stopped in

found a boy whom he engaged to when last you heard from them?"puzzled surprise.

the youngwatch the boatmaker's house and re- "They were without complaint—and "What has transpired?"

port to him when Zorah left the place my brothers and sisters, too."woman inquired.

unaccompanied. The urchin winked at "Do you think much longer to re- "Well might you ask, girl,"Amram

him, and Mulek, for perhaps the first main in the city of Mulek?"replied with heavy emphasis. "There

time in his life, felt guilty. It made "Only until circumstances make it is always trouble enough, enough and

him angry, and only with an effort did expedient to depart."to spare, it seems."

he refrain from striking the boy. AfterMulek reflected gloomily that the "But what is it?"

ward he wondered at this and could conversation was not going very well. "If it is not politicians,"the old man

not understand. His business done, he Certainly he was not showing to adanswered ponderously, "it is robbers

returned to his house to wait with what vantage, the thing he most desired. or Lamanites; if not they, it is somepatience he could muster the moment "Do you think,"he asked then, althing else."

he sought. most in desperation, "that your uncle Beginning to doubt whether Amram

P\ays passed, the longest and most hasgirl begunsuddenlyworklostonmuchmy boatof heryet?"stiffness.The wouldreplied everto thegetgirl'sto thequestion,answer, another

tiresome days he could remember. "I am sure he has worked on the "A quarrel has broken out between

He was fuming with inactivity, yet he plans,"she answered with unmistakthe people of Lehi and Morianton.

dared not leave the house for fear that able interest. "He is so careful with Those of Lehi, not being in the wrong,

the his would summons come during be slain, or to slay wishing not and details. all the could more make He

absence. that he, unthinkable It was to of Moroni to the camp have gone earn but boats and money, he more

Mulek, could have fallen to such a will not permit gain to spoil his work."seek protection and justice. Where it

state. Still he waited, though ashamed "That is why I chose him to make will end, none can say."

the mattakes the commander "Once lied. to boat,"eager Mulek "I amof himself for his circumstances and his my

tactics. will put in, "it go hard up,"another will to ter vessel that procure a able be

Then one evening the boy rushed in defeat Laban's Gull."with Morianton. I would not be of his

to report that Zorah had left the house Zorah smiled, and Mulek wondered city tonight for all his property."

of her uncle and had gone alone into whether she knew all about his race "Yes,"added still another, "Moroni the city. Mulek, adorning himself in his and its sensational ending. However, will find a way to deal with him. Never

finest, went out quickly. she did not make any reference to it, have I seen another like our captain."

An hour passed, and another, before certainly not to his changing the name "It is true,"Zorah said all at once, he saw her coming along the street, a of the boat. and her voice was eloquent as her

basket on her arm, and his heart "This will be a beautiful boat, and words. "How I do envy her who calls

bounded. Then he felt a keen sense of exceedingly fast on the water,"she him her lord."She turned suddenly

disappointment, of resentment even, replied, instead. into the house to escape the curious

state alone. a for she such was not To her. at directed that were Here, thought the man, was an openlooks that fact this simple come, hehad made

at last. furious, strove as to ing but citieshim even he the of Ledispute between HThe

the meet development, the new serious became hi and Morianton turned Zorahcompanion aside, and of his followand some girl's when"Willit youis finished?"go with me heuponaskedthe riverand forA Morianton

walked on alone. realized suddenly that he bungled. ers, for it cost them their lives. Prompt

Mulek became suddenly confused. "Nay,"the girl responded with spirand decisive action by the military

What should he do? The last thing in it, "that I will never do."leaders prevented it from becoming a

the world he wanted was to appear "And why not? Am I, then, so unnew threat to the nation's welfare at a

ridiculous. That would be the ultimate desirable a companion?"time when there were already too

proof of his folly. "You are a wicked, idle man,"she many problems to be solved.

He looked quickly over the situation, told him bluntly, "and I fear you."Mulek for one was wholly unconthe streets in relation to each other, For a minute Mulek could not ancerned about these matters. He had

and selected an intersection at which swer; he was too surprised to think. other interests, and to these he gave his

he might seem to be meeting her by Then in the gathering darkness he undivided attention.

accident. To this point he hurried. smiled. He had at least put his feet (Continued on page 336)

A few minutes later he almost ran into the conversational stream, and into her as he came around a corner. even though he found it cold, he began

He apologized profusely and sincerely, to feel all at once that he was more for he had not intended actually to sure of his way. It was at least his

startle her. As she began again to proper element. Moreover, he was far

move, he fell into step beside her. from sure she had meant what she said.

It would be hard to say which was One could not always tell with a womthe more ill at ease. For a time neither an.

spoke while both tried to appraise the "I have always supposed that women situation in order to know how to act, like wicked men,"he ventured.

what to say. The brilliant conversa- "Only those you have known. It

tionalist, the fluent talker eventually does not follow that all women like began to speak about the weather. wicked men just because some men

"Yea,"Zorah answered his first atprefer wicked women."

tempt at talk, "the weather is good though somewhat warmer than comfort "Kulek could hardly keep from exdemands."claiming; it was such a thorough-

"Do you think it will storm?"ly good rejoinder. It proved, as he had

"It is not by any means improbable."known from the first, that the girl was

"How are you?"he then asked. worth cultivating. He would have to

/MAY 1948 297

The Testimony of the SPIRIT

privilege the of worshiping with the of admonitionMY brothers and sisters, I appreciate You will recall

It in this conference. the is a Apostle Paul you

marvelous thing to be associated toto his brother, gether in the work that is so dear to the Timothy, when he hearts of all of us. put him in rememLast Sunday night, as I was returnbrance that he

ing from attending conference in the should stir up the northern part of Idaho, I listened to gift of God which

President Clark over the radio deliver he had received by such a beautiful sermon on Easter and the laying on of conclude by bearing his testimony of his, Paul's, hands.

the divinity of the Christ and his resurWas this idle talk, rection, which testimony, he indicated, or do we receive BISHOP LeGRAND RICHARDS was given to him by the Spirit. I wonthe Spirit of God

dered if, in the Church as a whole, we by the laying on of realize the value of the testimony of hands of his servBY the Spirit. It was Moroni who said ants? If so, should

that by the Holy Ghost we might know we not all seek to all things. truth In our of stir the Church gift the up of PRESIDING BISHOP

testirich with and are knowledge the Spirit thatwe he mony through the Holy Ghost. might guide and direct us? Address delivered at the Sunday

Jesus said to his disciples: I cannot conceive that any Latterafternoon session of the 118th

Saint day can be without a testimony annual general conference, is that for It expedient you... of the divinity this if of will he April work in the 4, 1948,

... the for not away, if I goaway. Com-I go but consider has what been accomTabernacle will forter 16:7.) you. unto not (John come

in plished the of the Church because

And he said: gift of the Spirit of God which is in it.

It is said that during the twenties,... I will pray the Father, and he shall when the elders were being persecuted could not make this letter long enough to

that Comforter,give another he you I may testimony, like bear but to would my in Britain, Great the sent government ever; for withabide I you all 1 sincerity, say that with that know, officer to here an investigate the "MorSpirit of truth; the the Even whom blessing this have enclosing God's upon

it see problem"and mon that what was it receive, cannotworld because seeth It is inspiration money. a glorious when made them so determined their to carry neither not, him;him knoweth but life, the ye see direction of the road of you

know him; for he dwelleth with you, and message to other nations. When he God's path, and the beam of his eternal

shall be in you. (John 14:1617.) returned, his report was that the "black goodness. These things I have; these things

secret"of Mormonism was the individ- I shall never forsake. With these, I have

Then we are told that he shall teach ual testimony of its members. And eternal happiness. Although this money

us all things, and by the Holy Ghost surely, brothers and sisters, this is the which I am sending is termed in the thought

I "coins,"of know, that actually know, all things. we truth the of might knowwe black secret of Mormonism. can You

it is a symbolic but compact of measurement after grandfather, years Nine my travel the throughout wards stakes and onetenth of the what has Lord given andFranklin Richards, D. bapbeen had the of Zion and missions of the provided as life. blessing in a me Altized a of the during Church, member or Church, will, go where you and this is though it measurement earthly, has

filled five time missions hewhich had find wherever you spiritual a meaning, in the United States, had come up Latterday Saints the same as all of God's the of the gradesthrough priesthood received have to who office ofthe high priest, Wherever you find Latordinances.nance I feel Thispleasured,ordiand was then the gift Spirit of the

terday Saints humble, privileged and have of the whoserving presidency as a member laying by the on of to offer perform. andof Mission, he the European this is received spirit records hands, the the gift of

in his journal following: the of "Most evidenced through said that Lord Spirit the laying by on of 'HThe Iall this things, desire day, the Holy their activities he never had this in hands, is spirit evilife, lifeSpirit, giveth yea, which more the Church. pow- A given a temporal

spirit."to bothabundantly and body is denced their through er there that canac- commandment unto

is this the kingThis which by power not anyfound be tivities in his children, the all that Church. grows.dom all in else where the his of commandworld. ments are spiritual,

"Vou will remember how Peter denied We received a letter at the Presidand this new convert to the Church the Christ thrice before he received ing Bishop's office a few days ago feels the power and the spirit of it;

the Holy Ghost, but after he received from a young convert to the Church and I thought of this when my father, the Holy Ghost, when he was comthrough meeting our boys in the armed President George F. Richards, was

manded that he should no more preach forces. He sent in a substantial amount talking on the law of tithing this mornChrist, and him crucified, in the streets of tithing. Then he bore his testimony ing.

of Jerusalem, Peter replied, "Whom in his letter, and I would like to read I read in the last "Kiplinger Letter"shall men obey? God or man?"And a portion of that testimony to you tothat contributions to the churches were

he considered himself not worthy to be day. He wrote: falling off because of financial condihis Lord.crucified as is the This tions was in the nations. But, as the Presid-

I closing Before like to would mention Spirit, oftestimony the I and ing Bishop of the power the Church, say to can that gained I have a very strong testimony by which this kingdom is growing in of a very many great, wonderful, and you that the contributions in this the earth. glorious things, since being baptized. I ( Continued on page 343

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I Behold, Lord, Here Am

is with a prayer in my heart, my BY ised that he and Sarah in their declinIt brethren and sisters, that I attempt, ing years should have the blessing of a this afternoon, to express one or son. A son was born unto them, and

two thoughts. he was named Isaac, becoming their

This morning as we listened to that most precious possession. Abraham

beautiful number, rendered in such an heard the voice of the Lord calling and inspirational way by the choir in response to the Lord said, of Ricks College, "For God "Behold, here I am,"and the so loved the world, that he Lord said to him:

gave his Only Begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in... Take now thy son, thine

him should not perish, but only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, get thee the into of and land life,"everlasting it tookhave offer Moriah; for there him and a the preback intomy mind offering burnt the one of upon

existent state, when God our mountains which I will tell thee

Eternal Father sat in counsel of. (Gen. 22:2.)

with the great and the mighty ones in an endeavor to Abraham secured wood and evolve a plan whereby his a knife and requesting two children might come to the young men to accompany him, earth and have all the experimade the journey to the base ences of mortality, and at the of the designated mountain, same time, a plan which would and there Abraham requested permit them to return and the two young men to remain dwell with him throughout the behind, and taking Isaac by eternities to come. There the hand pushed toward the

were presented in that great summit. Arriving there, an

council two plans; one by altar was built, wood was

Lucifer, a son of the morning. placed upon it. The curiosity

His proposal was that all of BISHOP JOSEPH L. W1RTHLIN of the boy was aroused, and

the children of God should be he asked his father, "Behold saved and returned to him. But he the fire and the wood; but where is the

would force salvation upon them, and Address delivered at the Tuesday lamb for a burnt offering?"And Abrafor that achievement he was to have all afternoon session of the 118th ham said, "My son, God will provide

of the honor and the glory. That plan annual general conference, himself a lamb for a burnt offering."

was rejected and another son of God April 6, 1948, in the Abraham's faith in God was so imcame forth in the spirit of, "Lord, here Tabernacle plicit and profound that, although in am I,"proposing a plan whereby all the moment of offering up his own son, spirits should have their free agency he felt that God would provide a lamb and where, through a gospel of love,... if any man eat of this bread, he shall for the sacrifice. Isaac was bound upon

I will live that for the ever: bread and altar. bring thea gospel a which them would of arm The Abraham was

is I flesh, for the give will give which my that testimony raisedknowledge a to strike and fatal the God blow he when life of the world. 6:51.) (Johnthe beEternal loved Father the and them voice heard of calling angel to an

for his great them, they of lovecause from said, heaven and Abraham, of him the ministry contemplate As we in the turn love would Lord Abraham: and and obey he said, Here am I. And will recall the Savior, the time we

reprivilege the of thereby have thine not he said,and the Lay hand upon in the of when, Gethsemane, Garden turning to his presence. he suffered spiritual and mental anguish lad, neither do thou anything unto

I am quite sure that when our Heavin anticipation of the crucifixion that him; for now I know that thou fearest

enly Father looked into that great was just about to take place, and in God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy multitude of spiritual faces, he knew that hour he called to his Father in son, thine only son from me. And

that there were not any two of them heaven, Abraham lifted up his eyes, and alike, in personality, or in gifts or talents, looked, and behold behind him, a ram and hence a plan had to be adopted... if this cup may not pass away from caught in a thicket by his horns; and

which would fit all of these personalime, except I drink it, thy will be done, Abraham went and took the ram, and ties and their talents. Hence, he ac- (Matt. 26:42) offered him up for a burnt offering in

cepted the plan of the Lord Jesus the stead of his son. ( See Genesis 22.

Christ; and then he so loved the world and the Savior was crucified. His Abraham's faith in God was wholly

that he gave his Only Begotten Son bleeding and pierced body was taken justified, for while he was about to that whosoever believed in him should down from the cross, consummating sacrifice his own son, God provided a not perish but should have everlasting the plan of the great atonement, as ram. The obedience of Abraham in

life. Paul said, this incident, without a doubt, is one of

of the of time In the meridian Son the greatest in of examples obedience in all die, as in Christ For so even Adam men, he and the appeared history among the of family, wholeGod human all alive. (I be Cor. 15:22.) made

it to shall plain that he had come his because great and formade of love God serve God and to give God all the and having implicit faith in God, God glory and the credit for his achieveHPhere were another father and his made him the father of all nations, ments, and said he, son, Father Abraham, a man withpromising him that his descendants out guile, privileged the be as of to would as numerous and sands was who from not heaven, For down seashore. the talk divine so loved the beings. with to walk and world God will, the will that but mine of him I owncamedo

his that he gave old Son, Only Begotten an a Abraham man, was mansent 6:38.) me. (John

ninetynine years of age, and up to that and Abraham so loved God that he

He also taught the people that he had time he had not been blessed with a was willing to sacrifice his son at the come as the living bread which came son by his wife Sarah. Three heavenly command of God.

down from heaven. messengers appeared to him and prom- (Continued on page 348)

MAY 1948 299 The way to happiness

live try to souls of those standing who that assure youMY brothers and sisters, I can that great joy comes into the of gospel Jesus the Lord very the one makes before you lumble. This is a beautiful SabChrist. I want to repent of my

bath morning, even though the wrongdoings before you this day weather is a little stormy outside. and before my Maker. I want to

It would be impossible for me, I tell you that I am grateful for the am sure, to say anything that blessings of the Lord. I know

would be worth while unless the that it will do our hearts good to

Lord will bless me. try to live a little better today

I happen to have a son who than we have in the past. That is

belongs to one of those four our plan of improvement. The

thousand missionaries who are Lord has asked us to come unto in the mission field. I received him humbly and repent of our

a telephone call from New wrongdoings. Therein we can be

Brunswick yesterday where he is made strong.

laboring, and he said: "Dad, I If I have wronged any man or

just wanted to say hello to you. woman, if they will let me know,

I know it's general conference in I will do my best to right that

Salt Lake this week, and I know wrong. I hold no malice in my

you're worried. I can assure you heart toward any man, and I

that I am praying for you."hope no man will hold any malice

I will appreciate it if I can BISHOP ISAACSON toward me. I appreciate the

have an interest in your faith blessings that come in serving the and prayers, also. BY Lord. I pray that he will help me

May I refer to Matthew 11:2930? to do my best to serve him and to keep

Take my yoke upon you, and learn of kjdUP**Ji. his commandments.

me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: Tt is a pleasure to know the brethren

and ye shall find rest unto your souls. OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC with whom I am associated. I can

For my yoke is easy, and my burden is bear that you are they my testimony light. trying as hard God, men of as they Address delivered at the Sunday

We will have rest unto our souls to morning session of the 118th can to live the true principles, workthe degree that we can serve our annual general conference,. ing hard day and night in the service

Father in heaven. Great changes have April 4, 1948, in the of their Father in heaven.

come into the souls of men as they Tabernacle For a number of years, some of my draw near to their Father in heaven, friends have said that I was working hard, too they and cautioned to me just true, but as when men away draw if I do that sure we ability, and am it I take easy, a little as but look now their in they Father from have heaven, well, with but pretty done that, we*ve last fifteen the years, over back the work their restlessness that disturbs a peace Lord, the men of help t and j,e power

I just doing foolplay was was and "If saying, beautiful of mind. That natural their ar rise own beyond ften Q ing around the with compared work shall after surely will me, seek you you ability.

I that in to have do keeping with up t find give as should us comfort me,"President article of an from quote brethren the of General Authorimy living of of the The Church. members stated: he recently, wherein Clark's

I ties. that will for hope you pray us is the Christ the of gospel Jesus Lord heart man's in every placed has "God as for pray you. we to the happiness. the true way, way goes never wholly spark which divine a

in other the temple, day The we the Lord: Says that be kindled, spark can out."That

all listened to the mission presidents become and developed be can I spark will out pour always, and Pray my their bear give testimony report a and service. shall with Spirit great you, your beautiful be and upon

their of work, heart and was my C. blessings 19:38.) (D. 6

HPhere was recently an article that touched to see the great love that these

Latterday Saints are staunch believers * appeared in a very prominent mission presidents have for the young in the healing virtue of prayer and Washington paper entitled, "There men and women laboring under their faith. Must be a Way Out.""This was the care as missionaries. Oh, as fathers

mothers, grateand ever be There we should and prayer. thought for church, of the or theme the elders two And ful, indeed, that our sons the daughRus- and of convincing must be a way for shall shall pray more, and be called,

and lay thdr hands upon them [the sick] sians that we do not want war. Yes, ters can go into the mission field and

in my name.... (D. & C. 42:44.) but no one has found that way yet. labor with these fine mission presidents

love these missionaries as they who worked."have plans of men of the None

Referring to James: love would plan is daughthat sons and their own is and a plan, But there

Confess your faults one to another, and embodied in the gospel of the Lord ters.

pray for one another, May God bless triat us be healthat ye we may may you, and tvill up on I out pour my Spirit always, and rcpray 5:16.) ed (James serve him and keep "blessings shall be your great his commandments, in the to Lord Pray 19:38.) the (D.&C. admonitions that we may follow adversity. to him in pray prosperity;

of the the President gave Church that

There is an unseen power in every Jesus Christ if only men could underus this morning. May we truly love

man's life and that power comes from stand it and accept it. each other and make life as pleasant as

will help It that unfortunate. is the for are those power can high. who on

or any we person for fatal any It is always sesthe us bless during abilnatural his God above May own man the Living God. with break to make a

I in the this conference, sions pray of that nation at times told ity. been have Werise

man cannot rise above his own natural I want to bear you my testimony name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEMPLE SQUARE W By RICHARD L. EVANS

are. We all wish we all were better But this didn't restore the time he had

<=U.earnina to cJLlve than we are. And we all have need to lost or the things he had wasted. Time

work at being better. Hereafter it may lost, and journeys traveled in the

be more to our liking, but here and now wrong direction are all subtracted from tin feople on earth it is as it is. And so, it would the measure of our highest possibilities,

us. lies eternity live before learn that to better though seem even had we all us, dmittedly of with are there A of life the is in in the are the work the world with which people This who

in people the some world we whom lies life that life get is us. better to learn this to done. with be The had We like if better others. than were And we its be in to generation. will along our have work own beyond own

to followalways preferpersonal our 7, 1948. its to decisions be—March accomplished, own ences, quite likely see would more we traveled. its to distance be made, own of like less those of those and more we road, a get on wrong we when And

less. like it isn't But poswe always the decision, unwise an make when we {Jut* <=>Lcowed* sible isolate to ourselves from those to to we &ecouenn9 do have what sooner do we we like less. In the of complexity our less the course, the are life, all get on in we things back wise some do living W/e are dependent upon we many lose. to likely all things. foolish and some do we kinds people. of Furthermore, where

facing critical de- 'Revised freedom is a reality, men move about We are constantly in pursuit of their own purposes, and cisions, some of which we recognize as—March 14, 1948.

such, of to and seem which some the atmosphere and environment we little relatively importance, but is live in partly determined only by of the jrvitum be j/eay—and effects. farreaching which have may partly others. us, and are by There

is it characteristic quite of humanAnd the fear that 'T'here is no denying us always those think don't among who as we think, those who don't live as kind that whenever we pass up an opsometimes takes hold of the hearts decision, there or a bad make live, of those don't believe shapes men when unwelcome as portunitywe who is of something always hope a secret believe. the horizon. are appear shadows There those on anwe who Weand in mistakes our hearts are that our spirit the wilting not have those of disagree noy with us and and all known who us, and we may sometimes feel an conclusive—that we will have another the feeling of futility when the proswill other that to choices chance make theurge pect of to to assign future orbit. just not other as them some we

the deones on which have we it. can't would order people of exoffset have expressed out But we man A wiseis

faulted. is is this It In true. a sense this istence like himself simply ago. subject don't because time on a long we

them or don't agree with them. And true that man in his eternal march alSeneca was his name, and his words

inherently the right has of choice. likely ways repeating: are that supposing even worth "Truth,"he said, we could,

It is true repent always may that we it definite "has wouldn't before boundaries, but be long there would its own be others also whom we wouldn't like. so long as we don't let ourselves dethat which arises from uncertainty is

Even the most ruthless despots using scend below the possibility of repentdelivered over to guesswork and the the most ruthless methods have never ance. And it is true that merely because irresponsible license of a frightened

decision yesterday a bad made we... remind. to or banish mortals, been able otherwise Most no even when

is reason no make why we cannot troubles actually mistrust. all the are they... beat handmove men One

better decision today. is also But it life is excited lessons of the of and disquieted. come have a that we We that true making has bad choices its let drift to learn ourselves to live with people whether with every..breeze..

we like them or not. This doesn't mean lasting effect upon our lives. And even... Let us, then, look carefully into

that we have to partake of their ways though we may turn back from an unthe matter: It is likely that some

or accept their beliefs or condone their wise decision, there are still farreach- troubles will befall us; but it is not a

ing reasons guard ourwhy we should fact. present certainly doesn'tconduct. mean And it... A

against making he them—for flight. prinselves to our opened the compromise that we should way fire Menhas oftenhave

ciples. It merely means recognition of who persistently makes wrong choices been let down softly by a catastrophe.

the reality that we are all in this world surely isn't going to progress as far as Sometimes the sword has been checked together, that we all got here the same he who consistently makes right even at the victim's throat. Men have

way, and that most of us are likely to choices. The prodigal son repented survived their own executioners....

linger here a little longer. And whether and was welcomed back with rejoicing. Life is not worth living... if there is

we like it or not, our choices after all no limit to our sorrows, or if we inare somewhat limited: We can live dulge our fears to the greatest possible

with people and try to get along with extent.... [So] contemn fear with a

them, or we can live with people a resolute spirit even when it is in plain sight Likely get along not with them.

like living alone, wouldn't or any soul."1.. Remember. and ceasethis—andto harasswe yourarethe other possible alternatives. We still quoting Seneca—"Even bad forwish other men were better than they (Concluded on page 302)

TUTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationaa wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30"a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

MAY 1948 301

THE SPOKEN WORD

[Concluded from page 301 tune is fickle."And, so whatever the were not so, I would have told you."1

prospects, whatever the fears, whatJke LedaintiA mat fKldes For him and for his followers, and for ever the disquieting thoughts, there is all men, the question was settled there faith to be gainedmore and by work.. if it—". I not so, would have 1 were is Groove Uncertamtu* than there and resolution by living told you."that not The fact we may

in fear of all that might happen. If we understand the process by which all

were always to live in fear of all that As our thoughts are turned again to this will be brought about does not cast could happen, we would never know the issues of life, and death, and doubt upon its reality. Truth, fortuone moment of peace in this life. He immortality, we think of those whom nately, is not limited by the present

who is constantly possessed by fear is we have cherished in life and who have understanding of men. "Behold, there

is innot he kind the worst a free man; already all are is departed from shall a time that appointed come us—where 2 forslavery.of cannot look who He forth again behold they and the dead."from glorious when shall This we

ward is not a free man. And if life is them? These, and many other quescertainty rises above all the uncertainto be worth living, we must not permit tions, come to call for answer. There ties of our troubled generation. And

fear to possess us; we must not forever are some who feel they have the anso, we can say with Emerson: "All I

shrink from darksome shadows, always swer. There are others who deny all have seen teaches me to trust the Creawondering what terrible shapes they possibility of immortality, and still tor for all I have not seen."Both in

are going to assume; we must not forothers who accept it with many limitareason and revelation we find settled

ever be hanging in the balance. Men tions and qualifications. Those who assurance of the certainty that we and

do not think their best or work their profess the greatest doubts are often all those we love and all men of all best in fear, and we will lose much, most disposed to talk about the subtime shall continue beyond the present, and the world will lose with us if ject. Those who have a quiet assurbeyond death, unto life everlasting.

filled to thoughts ".. be with permit our theirwe continuance ance of own personal

to disturbed fear. a so little And we say to raise disposed seem the issue. told you,". if it 1 wereIf therenotbeso,thoseI wouldwho doubthave

generation: Go forward and live your Thoughtful men are not given to much it, let them doubt no more. If there be

lives, and do your work and face the talk about things they know so well those who mourn, let them take comfuture, and when the "elements"apthat discussion is pointless. We don't fort. If there be those who love life,

in "in decide doubt, to yourpear be to as quibble let spring or whether not prepare them to live it—always.

that "even remembering favor,"again, will shall thatown yet and come we 1 is fickle."fortune 'Revised lifebad is forth to death from come more

ijohn 14:2 spring's return. certain than Savior The Alma of Mormon, 2Book Fears xSeneca, Groundless On -March 21, 1948. of the world simply said: "... if it 40:4—March 28, 1948.

1947 Financial and Statistical Report (Continued from page 271) PART H—NONBUDGET AND NONTITHING EXPENDITURES FROM CONTRIBUTIONS BY MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH FOR THE YEAR 1947

principally paid and funds general expenditures Church budgeted from The exjenditures, tuitions other budget from from derived funds and from expenditures were tithes made detailed here. are following thefrom The. 1,018,000.00 sources further contributions the of Church: members by

Total contribucash 1947, nonbudget expenditures, from 1,484,341.00 stake for $ building purposesPaid and ward

tions, the other tithing, than Church donated by expurposes; stake, for maintenance mission ward,Expended and

7,615.799.00 membership $ 2,691,596.00 recreation for of auxiliary organizations penses and

the hospitals sick, for the the Expended care in to addition of by 1,084,908.00 fast offerings from and mission wardExpended—the I in tithes paid. the part 40,358.44 from amount included and 881,973.00 contributions welfare fromExpended—Total offices, budget expenditures cash general brought Church by 200,507.00 missionariesAssistance rendered

forward 11.263,344.00 to the contributions children's general dues; from boardExpended

Primary Hospital, and donations to temples 254,474.00 Total cash expenditures, budget and nonbudget, of the

Expended by Church schools, in addition to amount listed under Church for the year 1947 $18,919,501.00

PART m—THE CHURCH WELFARE PROGRAM

Fast Offering Data port, with a statement indicating the production and distribution of commodities

Number of Church members who paid voluntary fast offerings and for bi.'ihops'storehouses and inventories of commodities December 31, 1947.

contributions: welfare THE OF REPORT ANNUAL OF SUMMARY CHURCH THE WELFARE 176.808 In the wards 31, 1947 PLAN, DECEMBER

the missions 44.499 In Financial Report

221,307 Total Present Value: Cash Net

of contributions: voluntary fast offerings and welfareAmount Current (principally Assets cash receivaccounts and notes and

In the wards:

) able $1,612,861.79

offerings Fast $ 916,515.00 (principally Inventories commodities) 961,877.43

contributions 934,825.00 Welfare (land, Assets buildings, etc.) Fixed 3,563,508.03 missions: In the

Fast offerings 88,648.00 Total Assets....$6,138,247.25

Total fast offerings and welfare contributions $ 1,939,988.00 Fixed Assets Include:

Percent of fast offerings. Church Industries, members Deseret who paid 24,2% Deseret Mills and Elevator, Deseret Clothing

fast offeringsAverage per capita in wards Factory, Deseret Coal Mine., $1.23}

fast offerings missions in per capitaAverage the (based on number ten bishops'hundred and storehouses floor One total having a missions of reporting).52.1 area of feet. square 458,713 is 12 This times the area covfast offeringsAverage capita per wards 1.10 and missions little ered the Tabernacle; by and a the more than area of

fast offerings in welfareAverage contributions in wards 2.50 the Block. are canneries Temple 56 in There included theWelfare Program Cash Expenditures bishops'110 storehouses.

fast offerings from mission wardExpended and welfare and condairies, Farms, ranches, other regional and stake properties, and tributions for care the the of consisting of clothing, needy food, of 17,278 acres up land, of made together with buildings, imlight, rents, heat, etc., hospitalization, burials, for the purand

provements, livestock. equipment, and of for chase commodities storehouses $ 1,966,881.00

Disbursed by the general welfare committee for the operating costs The Fixed Assets were acquired with funds secured from the followof storehouses: for the overhead expenses of the general commiting sources:

tee; and for the shipment of relief supplies to Europe 493,386.00 Cash from general Church funds, through the general committee $1,407,364,03

stakes, Cash from wards, theDisbursed corporations the of by regions, and priesthood Presiding President and Bishquorums 1,707,363.00

Donations, property direct assistance labor and for op for contributions to civic, and 448.781.00 1 denominational, educational institutions and 428,187.00 Total....$3,563,508.03

hospitals the forExpended of by the care sick. the 40,358.00 fixed of: consist assets The

relief Total cash for the expenditures year 1947 all included landscaping Land and $ in total above of grand budget and nonbudget cash Buildings, furniture, and fixtures l1,421,100.88,492,564.74

.. expenditures..$ 2,928,812.00 trucks Equipment and 543,669.41

is Livestock increase This an the over of year 1946 -I $ 1,103,172.00 1061 73!og

to In addition the cash expenditures of $2,928,812.00 for welfare purposes, Total $3,563,508.03the general Church welfare committee the makes following further financial re302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1947 Financial and Statistical Report

MATERIALS CANNED AND/OR PROCESSED IN PROGRAM'S ASSISTANCE RENDERED 1947 IN PLANTS OWN the bishops'through to assisted persons 55,460 have 17,913 There been from fruits, spreads quarts cans) 132, jams, Vegetables, and (1,527,170 557—.1, so persons there 24,458 were In 1947, 1938. each year program cans) storehouse fowl 16.037 ( 20,772 pounds Meat, and clothing in to also assisted sent enough Europe the food and States. United sinceWe equivalent quart to one (each Milk, can cannedfish, to in told 1947. large help a persons or 50,000 over number,

fresh milk) 653,472 cans families this 1,178 of been outside moreall have than period During Europe and bottled quarts Milk, 133,259 in assisted other to selfsupporting; been have persons helped 9,626 become

foods, drugs, items 918,054 household Miscellaneous and pounds to the in conaddition projects 1,744 construction ways; completed have been and

cereals, livestock feeds Flour, 2, 004,820 pounds and struction for the bishops'storehouse program.

DISTRIBUTION, TOTAL PRODUCTION, AND INVENTORY OF WELFARE MEETINGS BEING HELD 1947 COMMODITIES BISHOPS'STOREHOUSES, FOR meetings reporting, stakes committee stake 163 146 welfare hold Of the DisInventory 1947 Pro1947 reoftener, or less hold wards 1,139 frequently. 17 monthly them and Of the Items tribution 12/31/47 duction Unit

less, porting, hold 247 them welfare weekly meetings; 803 hold committee ward vegetables, (milk, produce Canned

frequently; are and meetings. 89 holding not any fruits, 1,330,092 jams, spreads) 792,169 and quarts 1,939,868

Animal products (butter, eggs, and meat) pounds 666,532 641,933 76,517 PERSONS RELINQUISHING GOVERNMENT RELIEF fruits, Vegetables, preservatives and five the past During years 2,198 their relinquished persons have position on 731,171 1,604,206 (not canned) 2.556,295 pounds relief rolls; this of government 948 rehabilitated have number been are reand

5,002,259 grain 1,347,824 Grains products. and 4,601,439 pounds aid ceiving from the far no so as Church, nor other gratuitous from any known

66,415 98,483 foods 27,908 pounds Other source, are 810 yet their receiving of part support from the Church; are and 440

drugs household supVarious and all their receiving the needs from Church.

159,145 211,000 plies items 98,157 soaps and to Cotton, hay and miscellaneous items pounds 1,143,281 Used pro50,561 RELIEF SUPPLIES SENT TO FOREIGN MISSIONS other duce budget items Relief supplies sent to European and Pacific Missions through the welfare

Fuel (mostly coal) tons 9,370 5,283 4,426 program, as of March 15, 1948. (Shipments commenced October 29, 1945.)

Clothing and dry goods articles 157,768 153,766 299,473 Eleven pound parcel post packages:

Furniture articles 220 541 238 To European missions 8,319 parcels of clothing

In addition to the distribution reported above, there were sent from store- 6,726 parcels of bedding house stock to Saints in foreign missions 545,504 quarts canned produce, 184.072 31 parcels of food

pounds of meat and lard, 650,817 pounds of grain products and 44,391 bars of To Pacific missions 556 parcels of clothing soap and miscellaneous items. 386 parcels of food

GROUP CANNING Total 16,018 total of 16,018 parcels A together which quilts with 1,059 blankets and following canning canneries for their The was done at welfare own use by shipped the by United States to missions Holland and 5,747 Germany and pounds groups, 632 consisting people: of 12,345

of food to shipped the is Tahitian mission, the of equivalent seven freight carFruits vegetables and quarts cans) (942,233 715,785 loads, valued at $88,730.00. fish ( cans) and 27,620 pounds Meat 22,709 In to addition the foregoing, shipped post, parcel by in sent to we Europe

bulk shipments:

964,942 cans 33 cars of clothing

FIELD ACTIVITIES 55 cars of food

Field activities carried on in the production of the 1947 welfare budget in- A total of 88 projects, crop clude cultivating 818 of land; livestock acres 4,758 projects, 227 value of The these cars 88 was $846,964.00

produced livestock, which of 1,736 rabbits, 5,511 chickens, head 282 24 and total a This makes of carloads, 95 freight valued at at $935,694.00 shipped of stands bees. for cost a cartons, transportation, insurance, and handling, of

five Eightytwo thousand twentyfive hundred days man were of work items some not available storehouses, - from of $345,319.47. $1,281 A andtotal purchaseof donated projects, these on of in 11,552 days and operatman work donated were 013.47.

ing storehouses plants. processing and materials The sent to foreign missions to went in the Church members purposes other than For the of the production for storebudget the bishops'Austiia, Belgium. Britain, Great Czechoslovakia. Denmark, Finland, France, program, there houje projects, 140 crop were 49 livestock projects, and 55 manuNetherlands, Germany, Norway, Japan, China, Tahiti. and

projects facturing during operated 1947. agricultural utilized These projects 978 In to addition the the above, general Church welfare committee shipped acres land of livestock. of 128 and produced head 6,323 of clothing pounds to the Indians in the NavajoZuni Mission.

PART IV—STATISTICS

of stakes of Zion Number 170 Converts baptized in stakes and missions 10,471 of wards Number 1,293 Social statistics of branches, independent Number 132 Birth rate per thousand 43.9

Marriage rate!.!.!!! per thousand 19.2 Total wards independent and branches 1,425 rate Death per!!...""! thousand 5.8 of missions. Number 42

Missionaries membership Church missionaries Number of in the missions Stakes of the 843,021 engaged in missionary Missions the work in stakes 173 149 Number Church '.'.'.'"..'.'.'.'.'.'. 4,1323298

Total - 1.016J70

growth Church Total missionaries 43Q in stakes blessed missions Children and of 36,458 Number missionaries who received training in "the missionTome 7 in Children stakes baptized and missions during 1947 18,264 2 134

lands originally—will be able to come EXPLANATORY REMARKS to our library here and do their record

work here in great part which heretofore they had to go to Europe to do.

(These remarks were made by Presifrugally, but we do have in mind their dent Clark during and following his needs, that none shall suffer. As President Smith told you yesterand Statistical reading of the Financial

Report. Dut I think it might be well to say this dateday, onewe hundredhave nowcarloadsshippedof asfoodof

Asa preliminary statement, I should haveherebeenthat madeunder andarrangementswhich wewhichare andare stillclothinggreat,tobutEurope.there areTheirsomeneedsob-

* like to say this regarding salaries: making, we are photomicrofilming the servers returning from Europe who say

The Church has not and does not now public records of several of the counthat they are eighty percent of their tries of Europe as well as parts of the normal production. It may be that notpay extravagant salaries. We have

tried to accommodate the salaries of United States. Great as our genealogwithstanding the individual cases that

those who draw compensation from the ical library already is, when we get we hear of, of great hardship, yet they this through with operation which there over we have may acquired of some "Little Steel to formula."theChurch

I it will, undertaking, sure, are now habits our am are and glad all to take they certo that In addition have made we easily the greatest be genealogical get. can Please not do misunderstand in tain particular to adjustments in library the world; people our and me. is suffering The great, and must we individual. the the of needsmeet casesWe will to librahere to be able our come not discontinue efforts. our it But

have tried to see that no one suffered. ry, those who come from foreign lands a relief to know that possibly theis

We have been unable to relieve them or whose ancestors come from foreign whole situation is not so bad as we of the necessity of living modestly and lands—and all of us came from foreign might expect. (Continued on page 311)

MAY 1948 303 for genuine improvement of the mind and body.

The "New look"for Mothers Nowadays too frequently women are saying, "I really don't have time to do the things I ought to

Tr isn't any too soon that the "new look"for womdo."If only they will stop to think, they have so

en be applied to the mothers of men. This much more time than their grandmothers—or even

"new look"will turn women back to the old—just their mothers—had. Yet these women of the "old as fashions complete the cycle—and help mothers look"had time for cementing friendships, for visitresume some of the old virtues and discard some ing the sick, for helping the unfortunate—as well

unwise fashions that have until now been popular. as for the rearing of stalwart sons and daughters

In recent years, news headlines such as "Divorce, whose lives have exemplified the teachings of their

Desertion, and Delinquency"vie for attention with parents.

current scientific development. Women must The "new look"for mothers should call women

shoulder a great deal of the responsibility for the back to a restatement of sane values, for no greater bad conditions since they are the homemakers; and joy can be experienced than in seeing children

when things go wrong in the home, they go wrong grow into healthy, hopeful, purposeful adulthood.

in the community and in the nation. Even though in modern times this rearing of chilLiberation from home drudgery that our granddren is difficult, there is nothing that can quite

mothers experienced has not resulted in the great measure to the satisfaction of this assignment given development that might have been foreseen, and to women by their Creator.

in which it could and should have resulted. The One of the prophets of old said, "What mean

leisure that has been granted to women as a result ye, that ye use this proverb concerning the land of the development of factories and utilities has too of Israel, saying, The fathers have eaten sour often been dissipated in worthless activities. Maygrapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge?"

be Gandhi was not too far wrong when he re- (Ezek. 18:2.) Of course, Ezekiel wished to prove

sisted industrialization of India; probably he had that salvation is a matter of individual choice and

seen the effects of a carefree and footloose western effort. Nevertheless, the old adage still holds, also

womanhood. from one of the prophets: "Train up a child in the

I am not one to cry that yesterday was better way he should go: and when he is old, he will not

than today or that I would like to have time turn depart from it."(Prov. 22:6.)

than dislike more fact, would one In no backward. vision In for a of crying world and men women time that when to return should I that idea we the

in Israel leadership, to return should mothers and in each woven, carded, and sheared, to be had wool ancestors that to our valiancy stamina which gave wheat time when best was the that or household for their rare respected today them and made family. each stored by and grown, was stability. qualities of calls them Mother's Day are there But ground,times—and will for returnlook"a mothers prove The "new wonder help cannot we to vividly mind—when to ing living, tested the a of for abunmore ways in drudgery from freed been have women why life. of dant enjoyment C. /. M. rounds the or make games unending play to order

of numberless movies, while there is so crying a need in the home and in the community for the This Is the Year; now Is the Time

rare talents that women possess.

the of the constitution to people, According laws and can in which women ways numerous are There suffered established, to which and be should be I have alert and are still hearts their mother that prove flesh, rights for the of all maintained protection accordand active, and that women are worthy of the leisure ing to just and holy principles;...

that has been accorded them. One of the best Therefore, it is not right that any man should be in

to another. bondage one This life more enjoyable. is to home make proofs

for this I established purpose the Constitution have And be are to delinquency if divorce and is essential land, of this the of wise hands by I raised up men whom curtailed. Since even the best mothers cannot unto this very purpose, and redeemed the land by the

be absolutely sure that their children will always be shedding of blood. (D. & C. 101:77, 7980.)

all women it behooves be, should all they that is thinks the of the Constitution what Lord to That prayermore consider carefully and more study of of States the America. United ConThat upstanding stalwart, rearing of the means fully

elect citizenry stitution that presiprovides the a it is better that thing it is assured an families. And is the year. year. fourth dent every This chilin which manner the indicate to tried to have call to these things as contemplate we we And time it is to waste live than should adults and dren into that the the that spark grew mind American Conin fruitless activities. stitution was first kindled in the hearts of men, men like

Let me hasten to add that there should be time Hamilton, Robert Morris, the Pinckneys, and Washfor cultivation of friends through conversation and ington—and the thousands of men who believed as

social gatherings. More time should also be taken {Concluded on page 305)

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

**v aetice

made the earth. At his pleasure he did many things

cxxui. Were Jkere ireQdamitei not understood by us. The huge mastodons, imprisoned

in the ice of the north, the skeletons found in the

T> elief in preAdamites is very old. While it appears asphalt pit in Los Angeles, the great dinosaurs dug

in many forms, it usually assumes that a people from the rocks; the small trilobites in early rocks; the

lived in "the land of Nod,"contemporaneously with coral reefs on mountainsides, and a thousand other

Adam and Eve. Commonly it also provides Adam with forms of now extinct life, speak of a wonderfully

another wife, one "Lilith."This belief cannot be varied story of creation, far beyond the understanding

accepted, since it is not supported by historical facts. of man.

Indeed, it is cluttered up with the unsupported imaginaWe are obliged to leave many things with those tion and superstitions, handed down from the past and which are yet unknown.

gathered through the centuries. Of some things we may be certain, as they have

In recent times, however, in the days of modern come to us through the higher knowledge—revelation.

science, discoveries have been made which have reAdam dwelt as a spiritual being with his Father in vived the discussion of preAdamites. Fragments of heaven. He was commissioned to initiate the work

skeletons of humanlike beings, believed to antedate connected with the plan of salvation on earth. He was

the present human race have been found. Sometimes brought to earth, after having had a part in creating

the finds have been slight, a tooth, leg bones, a partial it, and was given a body made from "the dust of the skull. Yet, examined in the light of modern knowledge, ground."His helpmeet Eve likewise descended from

they would seem to belong to races not now on earth. spiritual spheres, to assist in the great work assigned

Other finds have been more extensive. Caves have them. How all this was accomplished is not known.

been discovered with pictures on the walls of subjects, The mystery of the "creation"of Adam and Eve has chiefly animals, indicating a past age. Ancient lake not yet been revealed.

dwellings and the contents of kitchen middens add to But we do know, and this is the present answer to the opinion that manlike beings lived on earth long the preAdamite discussion, that we and the whole ages ago, before the coming of the human race. These human race are descendants of Adam and Eve. Our

finds cover all the continents of the earth. earthly genealogies are traced back to these our first

So many such discoveries have accumulated that parents, and stop there.

students of the subject have tried to reconstruct parts In the present state of knowledge, scientific or reof the story of these prehuman creatures. Several vealed directly, it is folly to worry about preAdamites.

races and their habitat have been set up. A large, well Speculation about them, whether such people ever

formed race, known as the Neanderthal men are said to lived, what they did, what became of them, or their have lived in Europe and beyond. In time they became relation to the children of Adam, leads nowhere. It

extinct, and disappeared utterly from their former only confuses the mind. Latterday Saints accept all

haunts. Following them came the CroMagnons. They discovered facts, but hold theories in abeyance. Latroamed over Europe and beyond. Finally they died terday Saints are content to know that much is yet

out also, and vanished from the earth. The histories to be learned; they wait, therefore, patiently, for the

of these and other supposed races of manlike creatures larger day of knowledge, without disturbing the other as the of forms of their same of life that equanimity are much many A. W.

earth, since lived long accountlives.—/.of the subject (For a popular but disappeared reciting the finds and have have on

as for example, the dinosaurs. the inferences therefrom, see Men Before Adam, by Anne

Admittedly, much of the socalled knowledge about Terry White.)

humanlike beings before the coming of the human race is in the region of inference or hypothesis, The This Is the Year; now Is the Time discoveries are here. They can not be denied; but the

inferences from them are subject to constant revision. (Concluded from page 304)

fails they, history but record. to whose names There insists that the type However, who evolutionist—the it until glorinurtured into forth the it blossomed was

all living earth, things including develman, have on if it it first that dies, ous will ever document And cell, single perhaps processes a from oped by gradual in die the hearts of in of those governmen itmen—notis. in beings the manlike these seen from same daily activities ment, are cell—has followed the whose world by

a confirmation of his view. They have become to him press, but those millions of unnamed men and women

intermediate forms between man as he now is and the who daily enjoy its blessings.

lower animals. Since evolution itself is but a scientific This is the year, and now is the time, while there are

theory, not yet risen to the dignity of a fact, such an many candidates for all political offices, federal, state, assumption is but adding theory to theory, inference and county, to investigate for oneself each candidate.

to inference. Models are on exhibition in many museWhat is his record? What are his actions now? Is he

ums showing the steps by which, say a fish, so declare the man who should be nominated? Now is the time to

extreme evolutionists, became a man. Thoughtful peosee these men and the causes they represent, as they

ple will recognize in such presentations, man's feeble are, because as nominations near, and certainly in the efforts, with limited knowledge, to discover truth, often heatcoloredof preelectionto suit selfishweek,purposes.facts are often distorted and

with false conclusions. To keep American liberty untarnished in the nation,

Nevertheless, it must also be admitted that no one in the states, and in the neighborhoods that men call can safely deny that such manlike beings did at home, this is the year, and now is the time, to make one time roam over the earth. The Lord, not man, sure of the candidates for political offices. A. L. Z., Jr.

/MAY 1948 305

Sacrament Meeting Attendance and Sabbath Day Observance Pan Churchan ablebodiedbe consideredmemberto beof obthe serving the Sabbath day when he fails to attend his sacrament meeting? Are

we expected to observe the Sabbath in the spirit in which the original comApril 15, 1948 spirit the given and in mandment was To Presidents of Stakes in day, in reiterated our was which it or have changing conditions modified Dear Brethren:

living so that "liberalized"our and we and Presidency Quorum First the of Council the decided by been Tt has activities which, engage might in some

Priesthood Melchizedek of the restoration the that of the Twelve past, in banned? been the have we * Do

of services on the holding the by this commemorated be year should only meetings sacrament attend when we feel the special speaker might be second Sunday in June. These services should include appropriate songs

interesting, or do we attend because and discourses upon the subject of the restoration of the Melchizedek the Lord has so commanded and we Priesthood.

his recipients of to anxious are be his of each touch with get in to stake of president each ask We the covekeeping blessings through this if any, convey and branches, of presidents bishoprics and ward with him? have nants made which we indias services these of nature the of advising them to them, request

From the record of Sabbath observcated above.

ance and sacrament meeting attendance in the Church today it would appear We trust that every effort will be made to increase the faith and that some brethren and sisters have the testimony of the people by these services. The regular sacrament

adopted a dangerous habit of indifmeeting should be used for this purpose.

rationalself-justification, or ference, date that held being on are conferences quarterly stakes In where lessen all to tend ization, of which be session the conference of evening the that is it suggested 13), (June injunction, devotion. faith The and meetings regular sacrament the thereof lieu in that and with dispensed President Brigham given byhowever, indiservices as above with branches, and various wards in the held be arpioneers the after the dayYoung the sessions of the of Sunday meeting the second In cases where cated. Valley Salt the in Lake Great rived session it is that suggested such be evening, in the is held conference full that force. still day in remains On for the free evening commemoleaving Sunday afternoon, held Sunday their counseled by Saints were the

prophetleader that: rative services.

Faithfully yours,... they must not work on Sunday; that

they would lose five times as much as they would gain by it. None were to hunt on

that day; and there* should not any man

dwell among us who would not observe these rules. They might go and dwell

where they pleased, but should not dwell with us.

Every true Latterday Saint may course is pleasingknow what to the The First Presidency to observeLord. The commandment

the Lord's day was first given to the

Children of Israel from Mount Sinai.

Since that time it has been reiterated in each dispensation. may be full.... And inasmuch as ye do homes and among their families.

The Bible is clear that, so far as that these things with thanksgiving, with cheerAmusements, sports, outings, visits to record is concerned, to its very end, ful hearts and countenances, not with pleasure resorts, fishing, hunting, and sin, with is a but this for laughter, much the to be continues observance of in recreation direct other are formsSabbath. countenance cheerful heart a and glad definitely of all violation of Mormonlaw. Book and commandments The

.. is yours.and. earth of the the fulness part a this commandment the subject. teachings same on Unnecessarymakes earth, the. of come things which good and teaching. also travel or The Doctrine gospel should avoided.of be work to raiment for or for... food whether

Covenants, the most modern of scripstrengthen the body and to enliven the Advance preparation should limit even, tures, confirms the previous teaching soul. household duties to a minimum. The

and enjoins strict observance of the spirit of rest, worship, and prayer

Sabbath day. And then the final injunctions and should be fostered in every home.

At no time has there been any propromises to otherwise, or scriptural,nouncement, or offend God, doth in man nothing And Therefore, the commandment.change SAID: BRIGHAM YOUNG kindled, save is his wrath against none or do others of may whatregardless all in his not hand theirconfess Tf the Saints Latterday magnify those who sanction, churches may otherwhat his commandments. not things, obey and calling, their before walk humbly obligation are under SaintsLatterday. the.. works doeth that learn he who But things the that are to God, pleasing do "rest to from his reward, observance, strict receive shall giveto righteousness of their in to. heaven, Father and walk up life eternal this devotions world, and in thy to peace pay even labors, andyour

I their in respect, every duty bold; am I, Lord, have the to come. the in world 59: C. (D. High."the & Mostunto

to five that only, not but: say years record. it, Spirit beareth the and spoken10.) years, will scores of 59:1324.) (Ibid., pass without: away Amen. continues: commandment The Saints the ever interrupted, being or

their driven again possessions: from the bearing Holy MelchizeBrethren

other shalt none do this thou day on And it is for far thus our urged particularly good. are Journal Priesthood dek of with prepared let be food thy onlything,

i: ins five (after Discourses, proper to 144 consideration years serious to give fasting be thy that may heart ofsingleness

) in their the valley the Sabbath of observance joy that thy in other or, words,perfect, 306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, Melchizedek Priesthood Monthly

Quorum Lesson for June

1948 twttio LESSON FIVE: June

TWELVE—CONDUCTEDHAROLDBY THE B.GENERALLEE, CHAIRMAN;PRIESTHOODEZRACOMMITTEETAFT BENSON,OF THEMARIONCOUNCILG. ROMNEY,OF THE "Officers', Quorum,Meetings"and Leadership

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG,

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH References: Melchizedek Priesthood

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE Handbook, Section VI-A, p. 32 to

Section VII-A, p. 41.

Calling of Stake Missionaries New Reporting Procedures 1. How often should quorum presidencies'council meetings be held?

Tn the new Melchizedek Priesthood An analysis of reports received for 2. What "is a sure sign"that quoHandbook one entire section has the first quarter of 1948 indicates rum presidencies should meet more

been devoted to the work in and adthat in some cases obsolete report often?

ministration of stake missions. Quesforms are being used and that in others 3. Study carefully the recommended

tions continue to arise, however, which the instructions concerning new inprocedure for a quorum presidency makes it seem desirable to offer further formation required have either been meeting.

explanation on various items connected disregarded or misunderstood. 4. Should the quorum secretary and

with this activity of the Church. group leaders attend the quorum presStake missionaries should be selected All roll and report books, except idency's council meeting?

presidentsfrom sevenand members of those mailed out this year and marked often should the quorum 5. How

ties in preference quorums other to "1-48 flyleaf, the Revised"on the three standwith are presidency meet sources. Although it is entirely proper obsolete and should not be used under ing quorum committees?

for call sisters, stake presidents to high Sufficient circumstances. any copies of

6. eight listed Discuss the purposespriests, this into elders and genwork, the revised record supto books new for the the holding of weekly quorumerally the speaking, bulk of those servall ply the of needs groups, quorums,

it is meetings. course, group or Ofing should seventies the taken be from stake and Priesthood Melchizedek that the of understood one importantquorums. to presicommittees mailed were stake is to gospel the reasons study Jesus of First the Council of Seventy The this earlier dents year. disconPlease Christ. least that aturges the of two members tinue the at of old once use any Mel-

7. help Six elements assure to which ofpresidency seventies each quorum Priesthood chizedek record books and

should be serving as stake or foreign begin using the new ones provided by success in quorum or group meetings missionaries at all times. Such breththis office. are listed on page thirtyfour. See if

ren should, of course, be relieved from you can add several other elements committee and other special assignApparently many brethren have requisite for success of the meetings.

ments during their mission tenure. In failed to read the instructions on page 8. Describe the order of business in

addition, a substantial number of the two of the several roll and report the opening exercises in a ward or quorum members should serve in the books with reference to the new item branch priesthood meeting.

stake missions at all times. asked for known as "number (or per- 9. After separating into their various

It is the especial calling of seventies cent) engaged in any Church work."groups for class work, what procedure

( 1 ) to qualify by study, faith, and perIn the majority of cases during the first should be followed in conducting the sonal righteousness to stand as witquarter this information was either ingroup or quorum meeting?

nesses of the restored gospel; and (2) correctly ascertained or completely dis10. At what time should priesthood

to use their talents and abilities in acregarded. Its purpose is to determine meetings be held?

tive missionary work. the brethren bearing of the percentage priestbrethren holding 11. For the President F. Smith so Joseph As something are priesthood doing who in suggestions hood, are given what it: expressedeloquently in alive to in the keep one way Church regard School? to Sunday

affiliation. or another their Church The special witnesses are required to be They

It roll 12. When should monthly quorum of is expected in the instructionsof specific given Jesus Christ. the! Lord

this body of men that they will have burnand report books are stated herewith meetings be held where all quorum ing in their souls the testimony of Jesus for the information of all concerned: members live in one ward and where

'Christ, which is the spirit of prophecy; they live in two or more wards?

full light of of the and be that they will percent) (or engaged truth; will Number that they the of beknowledge in any ing13.monthlyWhat quorumare the meetings?purposes of holditem is This work. on the quarterChurch calling, in the their inenthusiastic and

cause of Zion, and that they will be ready ly report. Any effort actually expended 14. Point out the differences beat any moment, when required, to go out which demonstrates a willingness to protween the monthly quorum meeting

into the world, or anywhere throughout mote the temporal or spiritual program of and the monthly stake Melchizedek the considered be Church "Engaged truth, may of the testimonythe bear Church and Priesthood and priesthood leadership is In Church Following Work."set Christ, Any of the gospel Jesus andpreach a meeting.

list suggestive items which so be of purity, love, may of the world beforeexamples honesty, uprightness, and integrity to the considered: Attendance at priesthood meet15. Who should attend the monthly

truth. 1 m ing,M.I.A.,sacramentor committeemeeting,meetings;Sunday paymentSchool, priesthoodstake Melchizedekleadership Priesthoodmeeting? and

tithing; of fast offerings, if paid payment Some Christian nations lately of 16. What are the purposes of this themselves; by members contributing to

went to war with each other. What Church welfare program either in cash or meeting? Study the chart on page 38.

17. selfish, labor; contributing diare to building please a for? the departmental programs, What Pride—to

either in cash labor; or in servengaging visions in the stake priestmonthly heart. carnal, wickedworldly, And

ice for project the benefit of others. leadership meeting? hood of bethe majority them the priests,

ing of the same faith, on both sides 18. Describe the "alternate plan."

is responsible for the class of the line of battle, prayed to the 19. Who

same God for success in slaying the When you promote God's interinstructorsbe given at andthe whatstake materialspriesthoodshouldleadopposing army.—Brigham Young ests you promote—Brighamyour own.Young ership20. Discussmeeting?departments 5, 6, and 7.

MAY 1948 307 Ward Teaching YOUTH WARD LEADERSHIP A Challenging Record

OUTLINE OF STUDY Neil time the a deacon ordained ordainedPreparation JUNE 1948 wasuntilFrom he was he five years, priest, attendhad a perfectHPhe foremost responsibility of a 'T'he lesson for June will be a a at record himself is ance to prepare ward teacher of the study material review meeting. Hepriesthas

the work thatthoroughly to do ordained been this in has presented column for Nohoodrecently been given him. Preparation will convember and December 1946. anhave elderhad a perfectand wouldrecex- years for heart, seven the in preparingsist of the ord not only copies Mimeographed

spent Sunday one cept bishteacher lessons to each will be sent the mind. alsobut No ward one and hospital in the

was he when Sunday Bishin advance. one month op his calling ofrealizing the magnitude

state. of the out to immediately are requested ops of first is son the Neil without the task approachwould

Bishop and Sister of in the the material place hands aid. divine for makepetitioning To Thomas lesthe leader presents who Lake S.Ward,Bingham, Riverdale will his first step go the an appeal,such View Stake. meeting the during monthly sons

the opening successfullyfar towards leadership of the youth ward door to all known resources that will committee that he may have amNEIL D. BINGHAM

be needed to make preparation comple time to make adequate prepplete. aration.

The teacher has been instructed L.D.S. Girls

to see that there is no "hardbrother er has in mind a good who neither lying, other,ness with each is Questions and Answers successful but as very a teacher, If he now speaking."backbiting, nor evil

girls attend is training educational who someQuestion: whose May the evils from those toexpects remove while the program of specified meetings limited, thor- a he yet possesses what first eliminate others, of he musthearts for qualify an living from home away gospel. the His of knowledge ough exerthe his through fromthem own Certificate of Award? Individual is the strong basis of the knowledge sincerity.cise humility of and if all qualify Girls Answer: may as bears, testimony he he makes and here. not end responsibility does His as are met requirements minimum the his concerning spirited declarations arrives, the teaching for the of hour 31 32 and specified pages onWhen hearts the gospel, truthfulness of many Latterday is past. Leaders for preparation timethe of He Handbook for

should never be found guilty of wastare moved. Saint Girls, and as long as attendance

ing the family's time. Teaching means Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and at meetings in other wards is ascerthe bishop or advisers of tained the the flock, over to all by Holy the which it instruct, enexactly what implies—to wards. the feed to hath their own you overseers, Ghost made It is imposstrengthen.courage, and ward, where small In a Question: purchased hath which of he church God, that teach to teacher the sible for in act committee the of ward blood. (Acts 20:28.) members his own therefore, he with know, not does hewhich ) committee as mem- ( capacities, 1

is of hour his when two any day There store no diligent study,should, through is committee the advisers, as bers, (2) mind with useful information. A comthe teacher is free from his responsibilorganized as suggested by the Presidprehensive study of the scriptures will ities. His work is not done until he ing Bishopric?

aid in acquiring the knowledge that has awakened within every man, a Answer: Yes. However, it is exshould be at his command. realization of the obligations he owes pected that where a committee member

It is not necessary to be highly eduto his family, his fellow men, and his acts in two capacities, as outlined cated to qualify as a teacher. The writGod. above, she will perform the duties of

both positions.

to are percentages Question: How

were not orwards figured where AARONIC PRIESTHOOD, BAKERSFIELD DISTRICT, CALIFORNIA MISSION, VISIT ST. GEORGE TEMPLE be

ganized during the entire year? Are

averages to be based on the entire

Fourteen Aaronic Priesttwelve months or on a pro rata basis their and hood members East from the date of organization? the leaders from

page 29, from BakersBakersfield, West Answer: We quote

Branches, field, Taft and in the Handbook third paragraph, Disthe Bakersfield the of trict, California Mission, for this program:

typical in pause-n-pose of the ward durcase of a division In the rethey as fashion boys'qualify by only can groups year, the trip to ing turn from a

Hoover Dam, through transferring to the new ward each girl's

Park, National lion or the of year beginning the and record from

St. Temple. the to George ward, the old time she 1 moved into from the in George the St. While

Temple, these boys were thus taking her record entirely out of her in hundred three proxy group and crediting it only to her former dead. for the baptisms

group. in trip recognew The was

nition of their outstandRecords for the award are to be based on in ing achievements year, calendar of the twelve months the the proPriesthood to 31. There are 1 to December January boy receiving gram—eachAaronic

the Individual Certificate be no exceptions.

as for 1947 of Award a it permissible to hold Is Question:

Presidthe by provided for the with meeting ward committee Bishopric. ing

Latterday Saint girls separate and apart from the ward youth leadership meeting? 208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Aaronic Priesthood (L*dlted bu <=JLee M. laltmer

Aaronic Priesthood Leaders LD.S. Girls

Increase in Awards Over 1946 How to Become a Real 7V ll along the line, there is an increase in the number of awards for 1947 over 1946. There are some rather startling developments brought to light in our

BoyMan computations. Note the present increase in each instance in the following records

and note particularly the amazing record in the L.D.S. girls program:

Be the kind of man you loved Applications approved during January, February, and March when you were a boy.

—by Lee A Palmer StandardAaronicj, QuorumFriestnoodr> j.1 Awardsj por1,3151947 Samepor1,167Periodjg Percent1947 13%overIncrease194b

Individual Certificate of Award 9,196 6,492 43%

L.D.S. Girls

refer to the footPlease Answer:

1,317 Group Awards 641 105% for Standard 19 of note on page the Handbook

Certificates Individual of Award 9,196 6,492 43% this program.

their i.e., leaders and only face, boys The of have one applicasaving hope

it find large adof Bishops wards may for tions are in since April 1 in awards greater coming for than numbers boys dithis in to meeting vantageous two for girls. indications are the that will Present in victors be the boys Standard the visions: with ward (1) Aholdmeeting

little is over there but Standard that Awards, Awards Quorum doubt Group the time, at committee Priesthood one Aaronic (2) A meeting with the ward committee girls will remain the leaders in the number of Individual Certificates of Award.

for Latterday Saint girls at another time. A final tabulation will be published when all applications are received.

This may be advisable where there are large enrollments of young people needing a attention combined which make would girl if certificate a the she earn qualify befor may a girl Question: an May moving. slow too too long meeting and twelve of years or comes age before on if Certificate Individual of she Award his best judgment use should bishop The 1, April establishes provided she record a first of years twelve becomes age July is this cases. done, howin such Where of at attendance School and Sunday Y.W. after? or business of should order be ever, the same of for the re- M.I.A. percent one hundred

followed as nearly as possible in both meetAnswer: No. Again, refer to page mainder of the year, which would give her

ings. 31 of the Handbook for this program. an average of seventyfive percent for the

full year; and provided she paid a full

Small, or even mediumsized wards, Eligibility for this award is to be based tithing and observed the Word of Wiswill find it better to hold the ward upon the individual's record during the dom from January 1; and provided the

youth leadership meeting as outlined. twelve months of the calendar year. Thus other requirements are met as specified.

A CHALLENGING RECORD FROM PENDLETON WARD AND UNION STAKE

Bishop Milan D. Smith and his counselors of the Pendleton Ward, Union Stake, were determined that their ward should win the photograph of President

George Albert Smith, offered by the Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee to the ward having the greatest percent attendance of young men and young women twelve to twentyone years of age at the stake youth banquet Saturday, March 20, and at both sessions of quarterly stake conference Sunday, March 21. When

noses were counted, every boy and every girl was present for a one hundred percent record of attendance for Pendleton.

The framed, enlarged photograph of President George Albert Smith is proudly displayed as the coveted prize for this outstanding achievement. Bishop Smith

commented: "That portrait of President Smith will look mighty nice hanging on the wall of our new chapel."

There was some close competition in this undertaking as witness the following ward percent attendance records of the same age groups of young men and young women: Imbler, 86; Walla Walla, 81; La Grande First, 78; Union, 77; La Grande Second, 68; Baker, 64; with a stake average of 78 percent attendance.

Is there a ward or stake in the Church that can equal these records of attendance of young people at both sessions of a quarterly conference and a youth banquet the preceding evening?

.

: \:i""& m m

IIP

f\:

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH itSabbathis pleasingday toto keepour Heavenlyit holy becauseFather hadcampusobservedthere andthat otherinterestedthingshimthatveryhe (Continued from page 268) that we so do. much, he said:

little that that of people group From animals or conveyances havingand no here that people something These have this valley, into to they began came builtto handcarts they and them draw is, I it don't don't have. know what we in scatter. there are over Idaho Today their the across pilgrimagestarted it, It but they not. have be and do we may the of thousand hundred one members

in. spirituality else.plains or to something valley are the now You may we large numbers; Wyoming it Church—in call I will, but what to you saying staram lost lives their of them byMany in in large Arizona, numbers; Nevada that they something you that have do we cold. of bravest thevation and Some interest of be and may live. not have where we California—it all in the people courageous mostand in that to to of the some you know that groups those withworld were

territory Angeles surrounding Los sisters, brothers is that and My their willing to turn the on backswere of the there are Church more members feel this inspirawhat morning, the you civilization into thesocalled to go reof Saints Christ of Latterday Jesus tion the Lord. of us has promised He theirwilderness and homes make in section other siding than any now that or shall three of us two when still the beasts wild the andamong Salt of of the the outside country Lake his in together meet will he be name man. red savagemore has Valley. membership Church The there bless that to them, and and when

last the years hundred ago July One I to spread. haven't continued and grow congregations this as such have we

first here; of arrived those people one I haven't Colorado. menmentioned I assemble, morning sure that under am fortythree three men,hundred women, states in north. the the tioned of some those circumstances entitled are they

first in the children wereand two I Canada. western haven't mentioned I his blessings. to doubt have no we

It find here? did theycompany. What this in this audience have States In the part of United morning every

said illustrated what was be bymay the not of people the of there are many and members branches Church later stranger years a some whoby parts, of Christ of in the stakes, Church Jesus Latterday and wards many this country. as desert to areferred He Saints, is his are children, his largely they but population of a which memfor grandfather talking towas my sons or in daughters, this of bership Christ the of and house Church Jesus

I said: he named, and waswhom feel will that influence they that are Saints. here Latterday of and And we

"Mr. Smith, why did your people in this house today. Count your many spirit that inspires men and women to

fertile rich, land that wonderful,leave living. all righteous to blessings. them of our opportunities. want Think We

this into here eastin the and come that, as privileges. are crowded they Think of our I wonder if know we are,

Godforsaken country?"we can be grateful enough for what the all welcome, and we hope they can be

And Grandfather's reply to him was Lord has done for us. made comfortable.

typical of the man: - In a hundred years, the name of a

"Why,"he said, "we came here willchurch that was held in derision by 'TPhe Church continues to grow and ingly because we had to."many of our Father's children, has bedevelop. Why? Because it is the

A hundred years has elapsed since come honored by the great and the Lord's will. He has promised us if we

that time, and today we are meeting good and the wise men and women of would do our part that he will open in a house that was erected by those the world. Almost every day there our way, and he has done it in a marpeople. Among the first things they comes into the Church offices at Salt velous manner, even since the great

did after they came here was to take Lake City correspondence from differworld war in those countries that were possession of the country in the name ent parts of the world that praises the torn with strife. We have today more

of the United States—it was then Mexmembership of this Church. Many of than four thousand missionaries travelican territory—and then they began these letters are written by members of ing over the face of the earth, mostly

building their little homes and houses other churches or by people who bemen, some women, giving their time, of worship. The first place of worship long to no church. Only last year you offering what they can in the way of

was not very far from where I stand were visited here by the governors of encouragement to a sick world, for we on this block, called the old Bowery. all but five of the states and territories are a sick world, calling men and

The first Sunday after they arrived, of the United States. They came here women to repentance, assuring them

they held religious services. The fact to hold a convention. They attended that unless they turn unto the Lord

that they were uncomfortable; that an evening meeting in this house, repthere will be no peace. These missionthey had no homes to shelter them, resentatives from all these various aries pay their own expenses or have

made no difference. They were in the states and territories. They had their their expenses paid by their loved ones,

service of the Lord. They were his wives and secretaries and associates. receive no compensation from the

children, and so they were called toThere were over four hundred of them Church whatsoever, and the desire is gether as has been the custom ever as I remember now. They met in this that all men and women, wherever they

since the beginning, on the Sabbath Tabernacle, and some of those individmay be in the world may have brought day, to worship our Father in heaven. uals who were here remarked after the to them the gospel of Jesus Christ our

meeting concluded, there was someLord, to the end that they will acTt may be of interest when we think thing different here from what they had knowledge God and his Son Jesus willing elsewhere. Christ, to take the of found advice be* the of Sabbath desecration the of

all live in of the us such Father and a of directors of the board year Last of the speak inday own land—I in the that eterend have may way we Steel Corporation, the States United that has been day ofland ourAmerica—a celestial life in nal the "Eterkingdom. benot here of been had some whom their for vapeopleset apart many by

it, life,"nal celestial in of think the city. in this fore, a had They met notpleasures, their forcations and

the has and kingdom, promised Lord in the Hotel Utah luncheon noonday there thundered downwithstanding from Sinai one of the Ten Commandand invited their friends in while they that.

ments that we should honor the Sabwere here, and after the meal was over, Now today we are here, representabath day and keep it holy. One of the the president announced that there was tives from many parts of the world.

first sermons that was preached in this no program, but if anybody had anyWe come, I hope, with worship in our valley was by President Brigham thing to say he was at liberty to speak. hearts, with love in our hearts for our

Young, and he warned the people to Former Governor Miller of New fellow men.

honor the Sabbath day and to keep it York, who was the counsel genThe second great commandment holy, and no matter how difficult their eral of the United States Steel Corpowhich was equal to the first, the Mascircumstances they were not to go out ration, said: "I would like to say a few ter said, "Love thy neighbour as thyand do manual labor on the Sabbath words,"and after that, referring to the self,"is the key word to the Latterday

day. From that time on, the Church of fact that he had been in our canyons Saints, if I may use that term, to bring

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has and seen the valleys and had visited us near to the Lord, loving his other encouraged its people to remember the Brigham Young University and the fine children as we love ourselves and so 310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA from wherever you may have come and women of the world, I witness to

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH into this great congregation and the you, I know today better than I ever lives; to adjoining say, congregations that that use before and Jesus knew God to the bringing desirous of doing them

is Christ; the the that discovered of the a Smith Joseph was words who man this truth. of the in knowledge Today

that telegraph, of hath the Living prophet the and "See what God; God that him, to house dedicated was

couldn't the organized have that the wrought."under done he Church Men builded during the the of peopoverty

all all this. the generosity direction Father, your of our and Heavenly With ple, in great are worship. met we The

all giving, authority, missionary divine that work, your received your Church us, to east the of the temple of one of poor, care the Latterof Christ with of your the with your Jesus Church beautiful buildings of world, the was all country, that of Saints, driven the with the development Church day was the lived erected people they by when giving as ordinary into wilderness the headhave been and with you under very poor conditions. that

I testify have that City, Utah, people, quarters in Salt Lake what you now

I call your attention to the fact that left brings to you more happiness, more is still operating under the guidance of during the last one hundred years the peace, more comfort and more assurthe same priesthood that was conferred

Latterday Saints have been contribance of eternal life than any other peoby Peter, James, and John upon Joseph uting their means for homes and ple in the world enjoy today. I don't Smith and Oliver Cowdery. I know

schools and houses of worship, and at say that boastfully, but gratefully. that, as I know that I live, and I leave

the same time they have sent into the I am celebrating my birthday. Sevthat testimony with you, and I pray

world seventy thousand missionaries entyeight years ago today, right across that our Heavenly Father will continue their have spent who own money and I life help us us us the street, and inspire has to guide and was born. My

their time. contributed in this largely, will us, he comspent bless very which if we are been and

Since World War II these people, munity and traveling for the Church. righteous. I am so thankful to be here

living in these valleys where the I don't know of any man in all the with you this morning, and to look into

Church is organized and where we world that has more reason to be your faces, hundreds of whom I have have our branches and wards and grateful than I. People have been kind met in different parts of the country,

stakes, have sent one hundred and helpful to me, members of the and I take this occasion to thank you carloads of bedding and food and Church and nonmembers alike. for your kindness to me as I have

clothing across the sea to help those Wherever I have gone, I have found traveled among you.

poor people that are in such distress. noble men and women. Therefore on May the Lord add his blessings.

All these years you have been paying this my birthday, after having traveled Thankful for the comforts that we your tithing, if you have been real approximately a million miles in the have today, I pray that his peace and

Latterday Saints. What has been world in the interests of the gospel of his love will abide with us forever,

done with it? It has been developing Jesus Christ, one of the frailest of my and that we may be the means under

the country that we live in and dismother's eleven children, I testify that his guidance of bringing millions of seminating the truth of God in the nathe Lord has preserved my life, and I his children to an understanding of tions of the earth. Your tithing has not have had joy beyond expression, and I his truths that they, too, may be blessed

been squandered, and if you have paid have enjoyed the results of loving my and are blessed this day. This is my

an honest tithing, I may say to you neighbor as myself, and all this brings testimony to you, that this is the gospel without hesitation, the other ninehappiness. of Jesus Christ, the power of God unto

tenths has been a greater blessing to After all these years of travel in salvation to all those who believe and those who have paid than the one hunmany parts of the world, associating obey it, and I bear that witness in the dred percent has been to those who with many of the great and good men name of Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.

have not. It is the Lord's work.

What is our situation? When the

peaple came here, we were called this condemnation; under ignorant. the that went was That word

light JR. children CLARK, your not taught have REUBEN You out. to J. supposed I had was a man who the to commandments; truth, according and

tell time: one a minister page 303) (Continued be "Why,"me from as power, hath that one wicked and he said, "I understand you are the *M[ow I would like to read to you a over you, and this is the cause of youryet,

most ignorant people in all the world."little scripture to conclude with. affliction.

That was the attitude. What is the In November of 1831 the Lord said: And now a commandment I give unto

record? After a hundred years, this you—if you will be delivered you shall set

state, the home of the largest com-... again, inasmuch as parents have in order your own house, for there are

munity of the members of the Church children in Zion, or in any of her stakes many things that are not right in your that teach not house. them organized, are Saints, which of Latterday of Jesus Christ servant Sidney of Verily, doctrine repentance, the I say understand to unto my every stateoutranks in the American things living that he hath Rigdon, God, in some the of the faith in Christ SonUnion for education. More high school and of baptism and the gift of the Holy kept the commandments concerning nothis

students, more university students, Ghost by the laying on of the hands, when children; therefore, first set in order thy

more men and women of affairs, and eight years old, the sin be upon the heads house.

more scientists have been born in this of the parents. (D. & C. 68:25.)

state in proportion to population, of And then to the Prophet he says:

revelation: in the same Furthermore in state in the other course, than any

I servant Verily, Joseph unto say my

I, not pleased well the Lord, will am Now, where youUnion. go may You call I will in Smith, other words, or Jun.,

for there Zion, inhabitants are of the with have, as such communities takeand we friends, friends, for and are you you my their children idlers are them; and among better not housed, are not peoplethe inheritance shall with have an me ye

also in they wickedness; also growing up I world's for called the servants better fed, educated,better any not you

eternity, riches of earnestly the not seek for their servants sake, are and ye my in in the here world, than placeother full (Ibid., greediness. their are of but eyes sake hills that everlasting these ofthe tops 68:31.)

I Smith, verily say unto now, Joseph And forbidding people our so whenwere the not kept have commandJun.—You First of the Presidency Church The here.came before ments, needs rebuked stand and must

18, organized 1833. was March On sisters, the haven't Lord; brethren and Now, 6 the revelation a gave Lord May forfamily repent needs and must Your Isn't for? grateful to something bewe conditions the reference regarding with earnest things, sake give some and more it to with only here wonderful, not be

children, the the with to began he and out or unto sayings, heed be your removed to organizationthis but great know

I their of place. will First Presidency, read what and will the thethat of here are by we I all; I unto one say say unto pray What said: he he are because hereLord? That we lest that always power wicked one have

has made it possible for us to live here? But verily I say unto you, my servant in you, and remove you out of your place.

And so today I welcome all of you Frederick G. Williams, you have continued (Concluded on page 312)

MAY 1948 311 yourselves so to live that they may Now I am not talking about cruelty;

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. emulate your example. I do not know I am not talking about whippings.

{Concluded from page 311) whether you have thought of this fact, Those are the recourses and the last: we have become recourses, of the unrighteous man. I And then he goes to the bishop: and fact I think it is

so fearful about our children that disam talking to you about loving them,

My servant Newel K. Whitney also, a cipline has too largely disappeared. bringing them to you, but always givbishop of my church, hath need to be The youth of today are very largely ing them counsel.

his family, set inchastened, order and insistent their requests, sometimes and by us with be always and God May diligentsee that conare they and more directing of the action demands, his service us to increase help and do at always, theycerned or pray and home, of the are so world. keen whole Wecourse to testimonies; bring us their a place. testimony (Ibid., our ofshall out removed be

be, to should anxious, as keep and we93:4150.) that instrument the Smith Joseph was

will live that us they so near them gospel the restored through God whom giving that almost are properly we in this said already has been As If that not the priesthood. were and

without everything they ask any principlesconference, these as are apthem it is wise or as to whether thought the time as theyplicable today were at untrue,true, weand wouldyou shouldhave nothing.so teach It theis

when the Lord gave them. Some of us wise. youth. Do not be fearful to tell the

sometimes think that these messages I appeal to you parents, take nothing facts about your religion. Teach Jesus

addressed to particular persons in the for granted about your children. The the Christ, the Son of God; teach JoDoctrine and Covenants during the great bulk of them, of course, are good seph the Prophet; teach God as a being

early days, are not applicable to us. I but some of us do not know when they who loves his children; and by your own

have always felt and believed that out begin to go away from the path of lives and examples see that your chilof every personal revelation given in truth and righteousness. Be watchful dren know that that is what you bethose early days, and given today, every day and hour. Never relax your lieve. And you teachers, see that your

solicitude. kindlythere is a lesson to the whole Church. care, Rule your in students know that is what you believe. the gospel the spirit the spirit of and

V/'oii parents need to instruct your of the priesthood, but rule, if you wish God bless us, I pray in the name of children, to admonish them, and then your children to follow the right path. Jesus Christ. Amen.

THIRTYFIVE YEARS OF SCOUTING

(Continued from page 275) rpODAY the Boy Scout and Explorer and Explorer leaders particularly have

This resulted in an increased demand programs are operated independbeen and constantly are urged to folfor boy leaders in a field where availently of each other in the M.I.A. The low the original teachings of President

able personnel already seemed scarce, younger boys, twelve to fourteen inBrigham Young and make sure that but with so many boys being lost to clusive, follow the standard Boy Scout scouting is applied in the M.I.A. in

the program, it was clear that leaderprogram including the merit badges such a way as to assist in establishing ship must be found somewhere. And it field. Young men fifteen to eighteen a testimony of the truthfulness of the

gospel in the hearts of the boys and with Explorer follow the program new sufficient but in numbers,was—not men. post operating the of young as commembers creditable to do some veryenough

things. After five years of operation mittees planning and conducting their Under the organization plan which

of the Vanguard program in the own programs under adult leadership. has been developed in the M.I.A., this

M.I.A., it had become so effective and The Explorer program is in every way organization has full responsibility for

successful that the National Council of a young man's program with social, both the Boy Scout and Explorer prothe Boy Scouts of America, already civic, and athletic features entirely grams. The stake superintendent beaware of the seriousness of this older apart from the Boy Scout program. comes the ranking Scout officer in his

boy problem, asked permission of PresWhen scouting came into the stake and is responsible to the general ident George Albert Smith, then genChurch, sponsorship was given to the superintendency for the operation of eral superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A., Y.M.M.I.A. For a short time an effort all phases of scouting within the stake.

to use the Vanguard program as the was made to conduct both the regular It is his duty to supervise and promote basis for "an expanded senior program M.I.A. program and the Boy Scout the Scout and Explorer departments

for the Boy Scouts of America."This program on the same evening, dividand activities in the same manner as ispermission was granted, and in 1935, ing the time approximately equally. done with the M Men, Special Interest,

the Explorer program based upon the This proved to be impracticable, and or recreation departments. In fact, the

fundamental principles of the M.I.A. finally it was decided that the Boy responsibility is a little more definite

Vanguard program, expanded and Scout program supplemented with spein that the stake superintendent begreatly enriched by the National Councial religious lessons would become the comes a member of the local council cil, was introduced throughout the standard for boys twelve to eighteen in and the Scout district committee, to country. At the June conference of the M.I.A., and that religious training maintain contact with the program and

1935, seven thousand M.IA. Vandefinitely would be included through current developments. In the ward,

guards were received into Explorer application of the spiritual teachings the ward superintendent likewise bemembership of the Boy Scouts of of the Boy Scout program from the comes the ranking officer in scouting

America. L.D.S. viewpoint. and is responsible to the stake superthat fact nationally scouting for intendent of the the operation The Boy apunderstanding and of lack While nonsectarian misunderstood in was was programs, Explorer Scout and and the retarded greatly preciation has leaders the barring as Scout the that by there event has estabmany been Explorer program the of progress the teachings of the unit, lished from Church or a Boy Air Scout Scout Sea torecord the the Church, throughout consistent groups. applies. the Scout responsibility Through edusame Operais higher a there that much shows day it is cation, rather acgenerally tion in district of varies committees now of participation boys ofpercentage the different throughout that cepted councils, the in but Scout Church in of the age fifteen eighteen years to

is restriction there the no of the whatever the on standard Church wards in other group any than M.I.A.

is in part leaders the of Scout that the superinprocedure ward Mormon figures country. Recent the throughout teaching is is doctrines officer prinof and the Church tendent ranking and

indicate that in Region 1 2 approximateciples to Latterday Saint boys in responsible for the selection of the ly fortytwo percent of all Senior scouting. This fact has been emphatroop committees, and, of course, the

Scout units were affiliated with the sized through the years by M.I.A. and scoutmaster and Explorer leader (or

M.I.A. national Scout leaders. Scoutmasters other senior unit leaders) who be312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

come members of the ward M.I.A. force for good in the lives of many form are aimed at bringing still more

board. Ward superintendents are to thousands of L.D.S. boys and has conboys into the program and in perfectbecome members of district committributed to a better understanding of ing both the organization and program

tees. Materials now in the course of the objectives and ideals of the Church procedure to the extent that this greatpreparation will outline the procedure on the part of leading citizens throughest of all boy programs can be used

agreed upon recently by the National out the nation and throughout the more effectively in the future than in

Council of the Boy Scouts of Ameriworld. National and regional leaders the past.

ca, and the general superintendency of are high in their praise of the operation The thirtyfifth anniversary comthe Y.M.M.I.A. of the Boy Scout program in the memoration at the coming June conferReviewing the thirtyfive years of M.I.A. and offer their complete supence is expected to mark a new step

scouting in the Church, it is acknowlport for further progress. In the years forward in the operation of Scout proedged that this program has been a ahead programs now taking definite grams throughout the Church.

ALBERT E. BOWEN couragements,pressing unremittinglycultivating towardsvirtues, andhis beenachievedablea tospiritualdo it, grandeurhe wouldbeyondhave

(Continued from page 280) goal. There is no other way. anything all his wealth could buy.

him to be a great mathematician, or The same law governs in respect to Paul says of the Master himself:

chemist, or physicist, or biologist, or religious or spiritual life. We have no

historian, he never can become either warrant for supposing that we can Though he were a Son, yet learned he except at the price of grueling struggle build, or piece together, or fashion, a obedience by the things which he suffered;

directed with intelligence to the debeautiful or perfect life without work- (Hebrews 5:8.)

sired end. That is the inexorable law ing painstakingly at it. And the goal of

of life. It may neither be escaped nor all religion is the perfection of life. It And to the Corinthian saints he wrote

circumvented. The old copybook can be attained only through practice... and every man shall receive his own

maxim was: "There is no excellence of the deeds which lead to perfection. reward according to his own labour. (I

without labor."That must remain forIt was the Master himself who, in the Cor. 3:8.)

ever true. It is the uncompromising course of that inimitable Sermon on

law of this world. the Mount, invited his listeners to this To the same body he further declared:

high aspiration: Every man's work shall be made maniEverythingtained, thehaspriceits mustprice,beand,paid.if obNo Be ye therefore perfect, even as your itfest:shallforbetherevealedday shallby declarelire; andit, becausethe fire

one ever gets anything for nothing. Father which is in heaven is perfect. shall try every man's work of what sort

is. it (Matt. 5:48.)People flatter sometimes themselves

If hath abide man's he which any workthat they do, they but are deceiving is built [that Christ thereupon Jesus upon rich of the the eyes before Andthemselves. in always They pay one the foundation] as rereceive shall, he a inquiring young what came man who It another.coin or in the coin be may (Ibid., 3:1314.) ward.

of the realm, or may be in the forgood thing he should do that he might feiture of a degree of selfrespect, or have eternal life, Jesus dangled the The Revelator declares concerning of honor, or of liberty, or the free exconcept of perfection as the ultimate those who in vision he saw come forth ercise of the right of choice. We see goal of life: from the dead:

allabundant this examples of about us.. they. and judged every were man perfect, wilt and be go If thou...today, individuals nations, and whole to their sell according works. (Rev. 20:13.) poor, the to and hast, give that thou andtoo, beguiled the seductive by promises

in heaven: and treasure shalt have thouof plenty trouble without the anxand 19:21.) (Matt. follow me. and come buildthe of beautiful parable that Tniety for of their care surconcern, own

rendering themselves to the fatuous ers, Jesus likened that man who allurements of deceptive demagogues Here was no promise of a sheltered, heard his sayings and did them, to a or to the blighting tyrannies of ruthplacid life, but rather a bidding to wise man who built his house upon a less despots. Like Esau, they are sellheroic action. If the young man had rock, and when it was caught in rain

ing their birthright for nothing better and flood and tempest, it fell not, for than a mess of pottage. And, saddest it was founded upon a rock; but he

of all, they their are dwarfing own PORTRAIT OF A LADY whonot, heheardlikenedhis sayingsto a foolishand mandid themwho forpowers progress their and blighting for prospects achievement.own By J. Elaine Swain builtwhen thehis rainhousedescendedupon theand sand,the floodsand struggle must The be one's own. Nothe beat upon and blew wind and came for act the learning anbody do may

quick vivacity, laugh, such lovely it fell, A the that and great house, wasother. or obtain cannot wisdom, One -* is gentle of autumn smile warmth Her it. fall oflearning, or as of character beauty a

sun. is repletegift revelation inheritance. father or an One's and Modernday

a long line of ancestry may have Such poise, and yet such sweet simplicity, with the same teaching, declaring with achieved distinction in one or more of Her presence makes a room seem petaldirectness that at the final reckoning, the fields of notable endeavor, but the spun. every man shall be judged:

a breeze. are wafted on thoughts poemsindividual in ride the acHer not on may

is for sent here soul music Her all either of them. orcomplishments of which... accordinghe hath done.to his(D.works& C. and19:3.)the deeds life to in been has aim HerHere, as elsewhere, perfect he must awhile.serve—to

please. striving;himself through and his own

his Her level the ofhe cannot rise above graciousness speaks for a nowgone claresIt goesthat:much further than that. It destyle. through accomplishment wroughtown

his own labor. There is just one way Her virtues crystallize with passing years, Whatever principle of intelligence we

life, in this rise it will attain us with unto sets beauty in her newblown day rise aspiring to Each son which anby may in resurrection. the path. illustrious asthe eminence same an

gains person if a more knowledge And time has no Shefather, that the and is through same for selfish pity—tears; life his intelligence this in and throughprocess by which that father rose to She stands aloof to petty hatred—wrath. diligence and obedience than another, he

the high plane he occupies, by the A knowing friend whose praises go unsung; will have so much the advantage in the

perfecting of his own powers, through Her brow is smooth because her heart is world to come. (D. & C. 130:1819.)

mastering obstacles, overcoming disyoung. {Concluded on page 314)

MAY 1948 313

ALBERT E. BOWEN saidtion beforefor sayingand it.furnishesThis Churchthe justificais so Christ'sment it laysgospeldownthat infortheeverywayrequireof ad-

(Concluded from page 313) organized that it provides something monition to righteousness, it provides it for do. to about. the bringing for every practical doing a member means And is only another of saying That way

is offers things the of those only to that provide always means And way that qualities ennobling into woven their to the individual things for which toward members grow which a by do life eternal things. are never They

are, destiny. the of promised Teachings in result the in development de- # to cease of their bring be to value or

reward. It is to be noted, too, that the themselves, mere abstractions, powersired qualities of mind and spirit. This

less to translated unless save they are it does through the organized Church. is only them way to get by diligence

It into doing deeds. of is the the deeds and obedience. not do They come as

gratuities. In fact, it is the growing that leads to growth through developThus does the Church become the

process induced by diligent effort that ment of latent powers and the evolving medium for giving practical effect to eventuates in the final result. There is of desired qualities of character. And the teachings of the gospel. It introno need to multiply evidences. Scripdeeds are the individual acts of perduces order where ineffectiveness and

tural teachings as well as the teachsons. One might sit passively for an frustration would otherwise be. It

ings of experience and reason are all eternity hearing the best of instruction, provides the means by which its memone way. or the exposition of the loftiest of bers may step by step build into themquali- desired principles that of selves being aggregate imwithout much

I not leave of That any may chance ties prinunless teachings and good those crowd and which proved make men

I being misunderstood, to say want fruitful bad. qualities that are ciples the conthrough Thus out were made

I intention of have no getting now is It perfection living. and into of towards practices they version grow do

in involved old the controversy as to their lives out their part that counts. working of towards our do what make we

is salvation whether or by works by salvation. It is at a of beauty marvel a and once own grace. definition a proper of With

terms there is no basis for controversy.

Neither do I wish to be understood is the given diet Americans, of added work as saying intellectual that technical F. MERRILL JOSEPH is circulation the liver kidneys, the and training is essential to spiritual progress

of "factor safety"the and page 279) overstimulated (Continued from or understanding. are too There many is exceeded. organs of these

evidences to the contrary. There need, Columbia University, but nothing here

however, be no enmity between the quoted is nullified by this edition. And on page 68 is the following:

two, though their methods may be dissimilar. Perhaps the assumed distinc- A s just stated, the essential foods are Before leaving the subject of intestinal

tion between the spiritual and the tem- * proteins, fats, carbohydrates, minpoisoning, we may here again mention the the poisoning that avoiding poral grows out of too much protein. our understanding. Wethe maylimitationsfind whenof tissuebuildingerals, and vitamins.constituentProteinof foods.is theIt importancecomes from of

far to see the come enoughwe down milk, eggs, fowls, is in meat, found attenplease give particular Now perspective that in In unite one. they especially grains, wheat, beans, peas, following, to the page found on fact said all that things to him God has fruits, etc. vegetables, Lean most meat tion250: spiritual are not at and time has any particularly are eggs of the white and

is he anything that temporal. made protein. high in The book, How To of the a ardent advocates most Even

safety, I for Perhaps, to ought evidiet say, too, Live, 42, says: cannot page produce a scientific meat

that I do not intend to discount the dence to show that intestinal putrefaction reality or the value of divine interThey consist entirely of protein and to a high degree due to the presence of position in aid of struggling mortals, water; also most ordinary foods contain meat is in any way beneficial to the organproviding redemption and the plan of more or less protein. ism; hence, in seeking the best form of diet,

living which they could not provide for meat as a source of protein may well be requisite the protein secured excluded and to say: the goes on book And I themselves. thing that The do want cereals, milk, nuts, vegetables. from and

is that principle, the that to make clear If in the diet daily of milk average a pint. selected to as so should be. foodsprogress and growth depend upon is for substituted portions whatever meat proof right ration the the our give. to amount

own exertion and compliance with the tein, or repairfoods, on the one hand, and have theretofore been taken, there would governing laws, is a universal prinof fats and carbohydrates, or fuelfoods, be no danger of protein lack.

ciple applicable in the spiritual realm on the other.

no less than in the realm of the temAccording to what are regarded as the And on the following page is found:

poral. Otherwise there is no meaning best investigations, the right proportion of

to the great parable of the talents protein is generally about 10 percent of We have quoted Hubner, one of the spoken of by Jesus. He likened the the total number of heatunits consumed. world's foremost authorities in hygiene, as

the total nutrithat very of the condemning popular idea percent 10 means ofkingdom heaven to to This a about man is "strengthening."meat protein is very excalories that ten of of Actual ment, out tojourney his a called far country who this periments point exactly calories food. of on have shown every one hundred

servants to delivered him and to them to the opposite the case. be

his goods in proportion to their several And further on the book says:

abilities. To one he gave five talents, This statement will surprise most peoto another two, and to another one.... a chief and common error of diet ple. But the book continues:He who received the five talents forthconsists of using too much protein, two or

with traded with them and doubled more times too much. Meat eating and a highprotein diet, inthem. So likewise did he who received stead of increasing one's endurance, have

the two talents. But he of the one And on page 47, we read: been shown, like alcohol, actually to reit. duce it.talent hid rethe master When of InterAllied the a meeting Council At histurned, each accounting. gave They

I, of Physiologists during the World War experiments conducted Then at Yale multiplied talents their hadwho were that not decided physiomeat it was was a University Fisher by Professor are but he returnedcommended, but who logical the proteins of necessity—since after described, the which conbook talentthe one given which had been those can be replaced meat contained by

him was denounced as a slothful servin milk, cheese and eggs—as well as by tinues (page 252)

ant, and it was taken from him and the proteins of vegetable origin.

experiments furnished severe The a the togiven one who had converted of fleshabstainers. the claims of the is Twotest too protein injurimuch And why into ten.the five comparisons planned: were one between ous? 47, read: page we On

flesheating althletes and fleshabstaining athletes, the 'his brings lesson the to flesheat- and other between me I want is protein taken in great of excess When ing athletes fleshabstaining and sedentary all to that from has draw been the body's need, is usually as in the case 314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JOSEPH F. MERRILL harmfulblood andpoisonswill dowillharmbe toabsorbedthe liver,in kidthe rubbishbody; it is.is burnedEven tothegetheatrid ofproducedit, just asis

neys, bloodvessels, and the other tissues. extra heat which the body does not need

is the off in increase carried an so by and indicate that results MichiUniversityworkers. of Dr. The would a Newburgh, conditions perspiration. insensible Under

his nonflesh of thethe researches, result users of lowprotein professor, as and a gan the cold might heat to of exposure extreme indietaries far of greater excess protein that than endurance have an concluded has in case other service. the hand, of be On the ordinary eatare resultingthose to diet accustomed the from heavy meat who in fever, hot exweather, heat the of and

is diet. ining, of the great the ofAmerican causes one protein do too cess induced by much may

the diseases in crease of recent years of harm. great

heart, bloodvessels. kidneys, and let to read a few you words me Now

given by arefrom sparingly foods to of Wisdom, be used most the Word The again the words of the Now I read great excess those contain a whichthe Smith to the world Prophet Joseph to the of revelation Prophet:

long before science knew any of the protein, such as meat, eggs, cheese, and this there beans. are account, many On I justfacts that read to you have from [meats] sparingare to be used... they

authorities that think it would who be ly; for Live. a promise To AsHow obsafer altogether to of the discard use meat

the theserving revof Wisdom Word it is that pleasing they it unto freely me to than to continue And as so use many elation says: Americans are doing. should not be used, only in times of winter,

or of cold, or famine. {D. & C. 89:1213.)

And all saints who remember to keep and And then the book quotes Dr. Mcin sayings, to these obedience walkingdo Saints, Latterday should you why University, Collum Hopkins of Johns

shall in healththe receive commandments, price high scarcity of or the complain as authority an on nutrition eminent.their their to bones; navel and marrow flesh foods? not of you known Have follows shall not run weary, and be and.. And eat case should that them in any you faint.shall 89:18, C. not (D. and walk &

20.) I have not the slightest hesitation in saysparingly? The Lord told you so. I

ing that a vegetarian diet, supplemented have quoted from some of the highest liberal fairly of milk amounts effect authorities to the in the world the statewith experiments the Yale andDo of diet satisfactory most type a manis canthe essential to your are that not they confirm read Live fromments How To take.

wellbeing. physicial Americans But the teaching of theor discredit Word

itof Wisdom relative to the eating of Next, Professor Chittenden of Yale did not know this until God revealed meat? How do you account for the University is quoted: to them through his Prophet, Joseph

fact that Joseph Smith could give these Smith.

milk, of all kinds vegetables and to before With yearstruths the world many I the Proteins are up. sum And now

butter, bread, and comhave at your youscience them? about knew the the of materials building body,

all for the resources necessary a mand is largely deof amount which needed diet. nutritious

I Health to quote wish from and"NTow the physiof kind age termined and by

Efficiency, a book written for Then the book speaks about a bulcal activity; but for the average adult

schools by Professor M. V. O'Shea of letin by the United States Department it is about 10 percent of the food inthe University of Wisconsin and Dr. of Agriculture in which we are told take. More than this should be

J. H. Kellogg, superintendent of the that avoided. Meat is the richest source of

Battle Creek Sanitarium, and published proteins but sizable amounts are found

. diet the omitted be from in.. meat 1927. may the Macmillan milk, Company excellent inby the foods—eggs, for that altogether, it has determined been little this could read I believe anyone nuts, or beans, wheat, cheese, and more

all protein necessary be and energy may deal great a of with hygiene on in cereals,book vegetables, other less and materials. other obtained from

profit. on the chapter and "Food fruits. From too meat, eat Americans much

Efficiency"I condense the following As a final quotation from the book a nonessential in human diet, because statements: Health and Efficiency I give the folall the proteins needed are available in

: the other foods just named. Proteins are bodybuilding materials. lowing

They may also be used by the body as Energy can be gotten from food only May the Lord help us to accept and fuel, but this occurs only in case of necesafter it has become part of a living cell. live by every word he gives to us bysity. When heat producing foods—fats and The excess protein is never assimilated: the mouths of his holy prophets, I praycarbohydrates—are burned up proteins are it never becomes an actual part of the in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

used for fuel. So if the body does not need

the protein for repairs it will use it, but it is a bad form of fuel, for it leaves behind what might be called clinkers. When fats

are they consumed,and carbodydrates protein foodsleave no "ashes."With the JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH volved.usually whereThe peoplesome wereestatenotwasturninginstory is quite different. These, when (Continued from page 277) their hearts to their dead fathers. They

that are not yield ready substancesformed, records. searching the not were They fathers. Surely, they not have would until kidneys they for elimination by the were not compiling them. There were It is that that. true any to do power liver. the chemically changed by beenhave

These products are poisonous and circulatfollowing the declaration by them that no organizations or societies on the ing through the body are present in excess Elijah did come, the hearts of the chilface of the earth, as far as I can learn, in the blood of heavy meat eaters. The dren commenced to turn to their dead gathering records of the dead, before

liver are kidneys is that the result and In 1836. one 1837, however, the year fathers. is strong presumptive There

out prethus wear overworked andmuch Britain later, laws passed year Great this these that evidence because was maturely. for the prescompelling providing and is restored. This a demonkeys were

In the of of records the dead. ervation fact, strative that hearts of chilthe Again Histori1844, England year the New fathers. their to dren turned have

orSociety Genealogical cal was and reeaten, a small portion food Of the

I think this in ganized was Boston, and undigested. in I have a little information here that the intestine behind mains

This is particularly true of protein food, I think is important, and this coming the first organization of the kind in the the unused residue of which is usually of Elijah is one of the vital things in world. In 1869, the New York Geneamuch greater than that of the carbodydrates the history of this world. It is vital to logical and Biographical Society in the

is fats. eaten protein than more and When city organized. of York Then was soul other to every New to and you and

it inme in the large remains of some needed societies other rapidly and up followed earth. the the of the face Before upon it is until discharged. testine warmth The Atlantic United the of the coast down Elijah of in 1836, the of coming days putrefy. it to causes of the body

States, to Georgia. Then from Maine of import endeavor any was no is there diet if one's It is then, that evident,

inorganizations to spread began dead. these of the records to search the of unthat a considerable amount such

digested meat is left to decay in the colon, What was done, here and there, was (Concluded on page 316)

MAY 1948 315

fore the coming, so that second the that to the family organization know FIELDING JOSEPH SMITH earth not would be smitten intact. It is will with a remain not destroyed. (Concluded from page 315) curse. the children turning were It does not to Now an wherein end come

land, and this spirit took hold of the their hearts toward their fathers, and we have complied with the divine law people in other parts. I have visited we were doing the ordinance work for by virtue of the keys which are held

some of these societies in various parts the dead that they might find redempby the President of the Church. We

of the United States, and they have tion and have the privilege of coming may go into the house of the Lord and extended now from the east to the into the kingdom of God, although do these things and be baptized for our

Pacific Ocean. In Great Britain, genedead. dead, those who have died, the scripalogical societies have been organized it tures say, reand heard have we I got through, he laughed Whenin practically every in that county this land at conference, peated died who is said, "It and pretty a story, very but inand Scotland. These records have the the without gospel. of knowledge I it."not believe do he Yet admitted

filedbeen kept in also and is other counto search duty out dead, our and Our that there something compelling wastries in Europe, the countries is from grateful that the very Church I am to this carry him research, on he andwhich the Latterday Saints have in us these helping securing matters by I could stop. not have great a metcome. spirit The has hold of taken the of records that the might dead we others also many started who andthe people, in not only the is Church, to them, but our duty perform have and stop, could not and men women whoalso of are many of their who not in ordinances necessary the the beare not of the members Church. SoChurch, they, and too, are in searching half temples. our find of today thousands we and menthe records, and compiling them, of searching the out of women recordsthe dead. said: Prophet has Smith Joseph The the dead. not but They do why, know

it is so that these can obtain we comwill "I I says, Bible Elijah send the year youTn 1902, The had the privilege piled records into and our go temples the of the the before prophet great coming of going east a on genealogical misthe and for do our dead. work shall dreadful the of Lord; and he and daysion. father wanted to bego My me chiltheir fathers the to the hearts turn of President told Clark us that thecause there was in some confusion our the to hearts the of dren, the children and

is putting Church forth line considerablefamily in those early days, which I fathers, lest earth the smite and come he wanted me to straighten out. I went sums for the purpose of collecting recwith a curse."

in ords that might to Europe searchback Essex we County, Massachusetts. transhere the should turn be word Now, our ancestors into the and go Topsfield, houseAt first out where our ancestors seal. or of object bind But what

of the thesettled Lord for in and do work the United States, I became it them. latedthis important mission? or to be howis theis

acquainted with Mr. George Francis fulfilled? The keys are to be delivered, the

Dow, a very prominent gentleman of Tsjow here is something which I think spirit of Elijah is to come, the Gospel to be

Massachusetts. I told him the purpose 1 T is interesting. In 1935, Mr. T. B. established, the Saints of God gathered,

of visit to that part my of the country. published Thompson A Catalogue of saviorsZion builton up,Mountand Zion.the Saints to come up as invited toHe me Histories. his home. Family I asked British It included

him where I could find the best sources the titles and years of publication of But how are they to become saviors on their temples, Zion? building Mountfor By information in search. some my thousand two seventyone famiHe said

their erecting fonts, baptismal going and not do"You lies to I have go anywhere. and supposed was to be a complete

all forth receiving ordinances, the and all thathave information. all list of I have such compublished records up confirmations, to baptisms, anointwashings,

it."piled in he put So that date. this hands his are figures Here my from ings, sealing ordinations powers and upon

record, and I found it already prethe date of the invention of printing: their heads, in behalf of their progenitors

pared. He was working on many other who are dead, and redeem them that they

lines also. While there I met a Mr. From 1450 to 1600, were published 2 may come forth in the first resurrection and

Perley, a prominent lawyer of Salem, family histories. be exalted to thrones of glory with them;

is the herein hearts the that binds chainMassachusetts. likewise enHe was to 1600 1700, From IS and published were

chilfathers children, the the of to the and ingaged genealogical histories. I family research. had

fulfills fathers, to misthe dren the which longa conversation with him. told to He 1700 1800, From published 72 were... Elijah. sion of

me that he had undertaken a great family histories.

Saints not to time too have The much for the benefitwork of the descendants to 1836, 1800 From Elijah came, when their dead, gather save and redeem andof settled published people in were family histories. 100 who Essex Counliving their relatives, together that they

ty. is "It I ambition,"said, "if he to my 1935, From 1837 were published 1,879 also, will earth before the be saved may

it, family histories.can to search the do out records of smitten, the decreed be consumption and

every individual who came to Essex falls upon the world.

beforeCounty the year 1700. These records I said were in Europe, and all the Saints to advise with I would go

Perley, theto him, "Mr. 1836, there year you out since have cut have been their all their together might and gather

for yourself a big work, haven't you?"published in Great Britain and the living relatives to this place, that they may

He replied, "Yes, and I am afraid I'll United States thousands of records of be sealed and saved, that they may be never finish it."Then I said to him, the dead. I have some other things I prepared against the day that the destroy-

"Why are you doing this work?"He would like to present but cannot at this ing angel goes forth; and if the whole

all should to with their might go time. athought rather Let moment attention and looked the Church your to me call

to their their seal posterity, dead, save and replied,puzzled then and fact, however, brethren not "I do good and my friends, their living gather spend none and

I sisters, I that but started, got Elijahknow why, this restored and to their in of time behalf world, of the they cannot stop."I said, "I can tell you Church and, if they would receive it, would hardly get through before night

why you are doing this and why you to the world, the keys of the sealing would come, when no man can work;...

if I stop,cannot power; that sealing but and did, you the would puts power question is frequently asked: The "Can believenot at laugh stamp of approval and ordiwould me every upon not through without going be saved we

me.""Oh,"he said, "I don't know. If nance that is done in this Church and with all these ordinances, Gc?"I would

you can tell me, I am sure I will be more particularly those that are peranswer, No, not the fullness of salvation.

interested."Then I told him of the formed in the temples of the Lord. Jesus said, "There are many mansions in

prophecy concerning Elijah and the Through that restoration each of you, my Father's house, and I will go and prefor pare place a you."here named Housefulfilment this of brethren, to the promise privilege, the Prophhas of going my

translated should been have kingdom; andet this into Smith Oliver or and Joseph of Cowdery, house the other one

is person exalted the to highest any who inApril (I 3, 1836, the Kirtland temples believe Temple, of most have you celestial mansion has to law, a abide and this spirit of to so)and research done to had sealed wife have how your too. law, 6:183184.) the whole (D.H.C.

taken hold of many people, and they you for time and for all eternity, and had turned their hearts to the seeking your children sealed to you also, or I call your attention to these things.

after the dead in fulfilment of this better, have them born under that coveThe Lord bless you, I pray, in the great promise which was to come benant. What a glorious privilege it is name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CHURCH MOVES ON whichkeepingtheywitharethelocated.size ofThethe organistsroom in chestfrom theand oldfiveechosets organof pipeswhichwerewastakenin

( Concluded from page 263 can also glance off to their right and the basement in the east end of the watch the rows of pipes which actually Tabernacle. This echo organ was the

Practice Organ on Temple Square emit the music. first section removed when the Taberpractice inbeen. has organ now A got nacle organ remodeling under way

is practice actually organ new The stalled in obscure under an room sets additional pipes of Four built old organ, an unrecently. because it was the loft in choir the Hall Assembly on are in the practice organ which now der the direction of Leland Van will Square, Temple be which used left by to out progress they bowed when technican, Tabernacle organ Wagoner, organists Tabernacle practising whose as far the organ Tabernacle as back Schreiner and Alexander Dr. and the great in the on organ Taberncale 1900. Frank Asper, organTabernacle W. long interrupted has tourists been by

ists, parts from which a part were once sightseers. and practice pipes organ from range The of the organ. Tabernacle of the more than six hundred 16-8-4-2 the pipes Many foot pedal Bourdon

pipes in the organ have been stopped The organ console was removed to the Tierce pipes ranging downward down to reduce the volume of sound in from the Tabernacle in 1937; the wind from 1 3/5 foot in length.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME sen, Roy H. Fawcett, Frederick D. Stauffer, Charles Allen Stephens, Archie Heugly, Darhl L. Tingey,

FEBRUARY 2, AND DEPARTING FEBRUARY 11, 1948 W. Dixon, Charles H. Davies, T. M. Aldous, Alan E. Kenneth A. Glauser, H. Shipley, Percy Pratt, John A.

Keller, Edwin H. Jones. Callahan, Wayne G. Stacey, Ramon B. Duke, Welby

Reading from left to right, first row: Harold R. Fifth row: Robert Lee Marsh, Farrall D. Fairbanks, Dale Finlinson.

Johnson, Doyle A. Stucki, Darwin W. Higley, Rowena Mark A. Jenson, Calvin S. Stringham. A. Sterling Ninth row: Truman Fox Clawson, Phillip R. McKinGutke, Don B. Colton, director; Faye Hardman, Deon Workman, Wayne Cordon, Joseph 5. Bennion, R. ney, Max J. Spencer, Wallace E. Plant, J. Ralph

Webb, Fred Thomas Harper, Vaughn Hugie. Lloyd Olsen, Brandt Child, Keith A. Renstrom, Leon Mantle, Arlin R. Ewell, James Calvin Taylor, Jack

Second row: Elaine Snyder, Byng Beazer, Mary Stubbs, Donald L. Baldwin. Roberts, Marion Wride, Robert Steffensen, J. Golden

Margaret Ellis, Betty Jean Wilson, Edith Wilkerson, Sixth row: Melv'm P. Maybe, Lewis M. King, VenHaight, Robert Koch.

Fred Elkins, Jr., Rollo M. Miller, David W. Widmer, nor J. Meacham, James M. Toone, Jr., G. W. WoodTenth row: Elden L. Jackman, Francis R. Boyer,

Orrin F. McKay, Gerald D. Minion. ruff, Roy K. Schugk, Grant J. Cleverly, Henry W. Donald A. Olsen, Keith C. Mortensen, George W.

Third row: Byron Cole Williams, Val Lyman Drewes, Alma E. Warren, Donald B. Davis, Alva R. Brown, Marion W. Cook, Darwin W. Larsen, Keith

Balls, Myron D. Sessions, Richard Wallace, Harriet Kane, Don Wheeler. W. Toone, Dean J. Nelson.

Hamblin, Ina Dunn, Mary Scott Wilson, Laron A. Seventh row: Paul C. Andrus, Keith E. Tibbitts, Eleventh row: Clarence Bailey, Ray O'Brien JeppWilson, Estella Dansie Benson, Rolf J. Boehm, Anita Wallace E. Asay, Ronald Salo, L. L. Cottrell, Douglas sen, Arnold B. Gilbert, Floyd G. Hase, Robert V.

Hyatt. Sonntag, Carl R. Ross, Raymond J. Buchanan, Grant Stevens, Robert L. Hale, Gilbert O. Farnsworth,

Fourth row: Reed Dahl, Rex C- Moulton, Milan Packard, David H. Kinsey, Leonard E. Keding. Durant C. Black, Glen L. Slight, John Lester Clark,

T. Gutke, Clifford William Scoresby, Grey M. JenEighth row: Irvin Earl Newton, Elrod Cox Leany, Calvin B. Stewart.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Dodge, Dale H. Payne, Betty C. Hale, Delos W. Hale. Marvin E. Preston, Delmen Lowell Ross, J. Richard

MARCH 1, AND DEPARTING MARCH 10, 1948 Fourth row: Kent Bills, Dell P. Higham, Keith H. Jenkins, Calvin Jay Dutson, Derral W. Wright, Edgar

Green, Lyman David Huntsman, Clifford R. Cum- T. Reid.

Reading from left to right, first row: LaPree mings, Jr., Harold B. Nielsen, William G. Gibbs, Bert Eighth row: Keith L. Winegar, Albert Paul Croft,

Christensen, Donald Roscoe Anderson, Arol L. Leigh Hayden, Don E. Storer, Gail L. Saltus. Donald Sonntag, Willard Bigelow, Melvin E. Tietjen,

Maughan, William Cook, Don B. Colton, director; Fifth row: Leo C. Wilcox, Max L. Phillips, Grant D. Dean Tyler, Roger C. Hawley, Harold R. SouthDon J. Bell, Glade W. Kuhni, Hugh D. Rush, Wendell Horrocks, Sterling S. Burch, Victor E. Crowley, Magwick, Ross D. Hansen, Virgil H. Lindstrom, Norwood

Neville, W. Reid Wilding. gie Ann Hansen, Amman A. LeRoy, James K. Duke, V. Fridal.

Second row: Charles Richard Reid, Glenn Stivers Harold M. Dougal, Joseph E. Niven, Reed L. Tyler, Ninth row: Richard G. Jewkes, Stephen L. RobinEvensen, Ralph Thomsen Barraclough, William FranElden D. Rasband. son, Jesse L. Labrum, Darrel F. Booth, Rodney O.

cis Newland, Jed N. Lewis, Martha L. Stolworthy, Sixth row: Evans F. Royle, Earl B. Child, Kleber Bradshaw, Robert F. Gwilliam, Franz M. Johansen,

Georgia R. Livingston, Verda V. Stucki, Arda Beth Duayne Houtz, Don W. Duffin, Gerald G. Allen, Ray LaMar Allred, Charles Holmon Little, Richard

Whittaker, Lois R. Ingelby, Arthur Wilford Ingelby. Walter C. Tew, N. Blaine Belnap, Kent Peterson, Owen Jordan.

Third row: Dorothy Lee Blau, Ramona Smith Burthel Mayhew, D. Gordon Paxman, Grant Evans. Tenth row: Paul E. Dahl, Perry W. Doyle, Ralph

Miller, Geraldine Branch, Derena Watson, Shirley Seventh row: Paul S. Thompson, Dean E. Mann, Crystal, LeRoy Hare, LeRoy E. Spackman, Bobby

Riley, Delbert H. Rock, Richard W. Bevon, Lee W. Maurice D. Jones, Albert E. Kienke, Elbert A. Dalley, Dean Robertsen, Earl Gilbert, Frank K. Horton.

MAY 1948 317 ""salt, milk, dissolve Scald sugar and and spring meals. cious The May toWheat Dissolve yeast cake in lukewarm water. VSZake up lazy appetites with lusto Eat cool mixture lukewarm. yeast Add full excitof basket only is not to market this the 2 of cups and meal wheat to make

fruits vegetables; fresh ing garden and Dissinger By Katherine batter. Stir in the a shortening melted and

beat smooth. Add the remaining 3 cups of it's full of vitamins and minerals, which

Mostthinkfarmof familiesletting whothe wouldvegetablesnot wheat(It takesmeallessto makeof thisa mediumthan whitesoft dough.flour.) helpServeto keepsomethe offamilythe wellvegetablesand happy.cool

until for ten about minutes Knead in salads. fresh Serve cooked some the go and fruits farm on grown

is If elastic. desired, smooth dough and little in quickly a only waterto waste, pass another up commonly the—cookedand 1 add of raisins cup which been have delightful their color, bright to save is that product topshomegrown from in boiling plumped water Place and dried.

all values. flavor, the precious food andthe standpoint of health econboth and in tightly bowl, greased dough cover and

plain wheat as it set in aomy—wheat—just I doubled orcomes from the thresher combine! in bulk—aboutmoderately 2Jwarmhours.place until Menu

it that ate Our grandparents way. is risen to dough double bulk and When Spring Roast Mint Sauce Lamb is richest the of one of sourcesWheat lightly retains dent pressed, a when punch in Little Potatoes Carrots Jackets Whole and ofVitamin let rise E, a source is until good B again down, the and dough Spring Salad Fresh

Vitamin A, iron, phosphorus, and double in bulk. Mold into two small loaves. Golden Corn Muffins Margarine

calcium. However, in the process of Place the loaves in a greased pan, cover Rhubarb Tarts

set in and let moderately place and warmmilling refining flour, and white Milk most 400 until in height. in doubled Bake essential these vitamins,of as rise as well

for F. until to oven nicely minutes 45 60 II Menu iron, the of phosphorus,most and browned. tender moist crust For a put a

is arecalcium, removed. And wheat in the cup of water baking. oven when Cutlets Breaded Veal has flavor a from oven, the brush Remove top withgood—it butWhipped Potatoes New Green Peas

ter. all plain its own. or Try Fresh Fruit rich, it—eatennuttybrown Salad

ground for cereals, or ground to make Hot Rolls Butter tasty and different bread, muffins, Wheat Meal Muffins Gold Cake

Milkpancakes.

finely 2 cups ground wheat meal in England an One woman New salt teaspoon III ef- Y Menu fort to health sickly the of a improve 2 teaspoons baking powder Fillets Fish Baked Tartare Saucechild for baking bread him began made teaspoon soda Yi Buttered Asparagus Pimiento Strips 1 milk. honey, ground wheat,from and egg Radish and Cress Water Salad

1 milk sour or buttermilk cup to her doctor asked soon bread bakeA Biscuits Hot Butter shortening melted cup 34 his his other for patients for of and Fruit Filled Angel Cake seedless raisins cup 34 it, family. Friends, sampling wanted Milk

substantial business unsome. grew A ingredients dry in bowl. Combine and sift

til healthful she bakes this and now light, stir Breaded Veal Cutlets Beat egg until add milk. Then

for delicious scores people. bread of into completedry ingredients. before Just 2 veal pounds round, Y to % inch thick that question but be no There can shortly blended cooled) (and add melted salt and pepper

wheat eaten plain or ground is more ening; stir just enough to mix ingredients. 1 cup corn flake crumbs

economical than the milled white flour Fold in raisins, which have been plumped 2 slightly beaten eggs

Fill dried. boiling in welland water 2 tablespoons water cereals packaged which buy or thewe

full. tins muffin greased immeBake 4 tablespoons fat 6 their in process various

in diately (425 for hot to F.) 1 20 oven milk cup the of removing somemanufacturersways—thereby muffins. 25 minutes. large 9 1 Makes ounce can 103 condensed cream of to nutritional sell back elements—and mushroom soup us at fancy prices. A loaf of bakery Wheat Meal Pancakes

bread costs four times as much as a 2 cups ground meal wheat loaf of bread homegrown- from made teaspoons baking powder meal. wheat Twelveounce andground salt teaspoon America Is Eating More Canned the of cereals cost Y4 prepared packages

1 egg fifteen cents. to thirtyfive Twelve from milk 2 cups Foods at lower Prices bin, of plain the ounces wheat from 2 tablespoons melted shortening

nutritional better a from which is much is eating more canned foods A merica in Sift ingredients together dry bowl. cents. costs standpoint, only about two than ever its in before milk, history, egg, shortening. and as Add Bake on

just is from meal wheat made Wheat reported griddle. hot stacks. four by researchers for Makes the one of

thresher the or from as comit comes canning corporations that instituted a dirt chaff free bine, of fanned and by Cereal Wheat Meal survey for the fiscal 1947 year.

pouring from one container to another of 1 cup Slowly add ground wheat meal of capita canned consumption Per fine in in a ground brisk a and wind stirring boiling salted of water, 3 cups at fruits eightystands vegetables and mill, grinder, grist coffee or a hand fire for a toconstantly. or over 10 low Cook fiftyfour pounds, with four compared fine. grind to grinder adjusted feed 15 minutes. in only in eighteen 1939, and pounds

Bread Meal Wheat will conprobably 1909. There be a Whole Grain Wheat Cereal

yeast 1 cake compressed rise in tinuing goods the use of canned

Yl cup lukewarm water Put 1 cup of fanned and washed whole since there is constant development of in of sugar grain tablespoons with 3 cups 2 wheat pan as well products by laboratories water. new

for boil minutes. 15 and Bring cook 2 to a teaspoons salt in canning improvement as technical

boil 12 hours. to slowly 24 tablespoons 3 Soak for honey or molasses Then

2 tablespoons butter until wheat is soft (about 3 hours). Store methods.

of Report Annual place in cool and scalded milk cups heat up for breakfast.—From \y2

Inc. Foods, Hunt servings. four large finely ground wheat meal Makes 5 cups

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cut veal in six pieces; season. Dip into

crumbs, then into eggs mixed with water, in hot slowly in crumbs. Brown againand Colors bad, soup. withfat; milk mixed over pour

Cover. Bake in slow oven (300 F.) one

hour.

Baked Fish Fillets needs FEISNA1W 2 pounds fish fillets 34 teaspoon salt dash of pepper J4 teaspoon paprika juice of one lemon 2 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons flour salt and pepper 1 tablespoon dry mustard 1 cup top milk 3 cup buttered bread crumbs 1 tablespoon minced parsley

Cut fillets in serving pieces. Place in

greased shallow baking dish; sprinkle with

salt, pepper, paprika, and lemon juice.

Make white sauce of butter, flour, seasoning, and milk; pour over fillets. Sprinkle

with crumbs and parsley. Bake in moderate

oven (350) thirtyfive minutes.

Fresh Spring Salad

4 cups shredded fresh spinach %1 cupcup slicedsliced radishesgreen onions salt

Arrange spinach, radishes, and onion in salad bowl; sprinkle with salt, pour over

onefourth to onehalf cup French dressing. Toss lightly.

French Dressing

Yi teaspoon salt sugar 1 teaspoon paprika... and the good 'doctor'might well have added teaspoon 34

vinegar cup 34 salad oil—"or it won't last long"cup Yl

1 tablespoon tomato catsup shirt that shows TattleTale Gray is, actually, a Combine all ingredients. Beat thorough- A

ly. 'sick'shirt. That dingy color proves there still is dirt

Rhubarb Tarts in the fabric. Hard rubbing that may remove dirt,

3 cups cut rhubarb 1 cup sugar surely shortens the life of the garment.

32 teaspoon grated orange peel 3 tablespoons enriched flour FelsNaptha will help make all your fine linens and teaspoon salt Y% plain pastry 1 recipe butter 2 tablespoons or margarine delicate things last longer. This mild golden soap,

Combine rhubarb, sugar, orange peel, combined with Fels naptha, removes imbedded grime flour, and salt. Fill pastry lined tart pans

or large muffin pans with rhubarb mixture. and perspiration stains with almost no rubbing

Dot with butter. Bake in hot oven (450)

ten minutes, then in moderate oven (350) or bleaching. It brightens colors, keeps all

about twenty minutes.

washables fragrantly clean and white.

Gold Cake 5 egg yolks If your washes suffer from TattleTale cup sugar Gray—try the FelsNaptha cup shortening Vi

1 cup sifted cake flour 2 teaspoons baking powder 'treatment'. It works!

34 teaspoon salt Yi teaspoon lemon extract 1 teaspoon grated orange peel \A cup milk Cream shortening with sugar, egg yolk, Golden bar or Golden chipsand flavoring; beat until fluffy. Sift flour,

baking powder, and salt; add alternately

to egg mixture with milk. Bake in loaf

F. for thirty Ice minutes.pan at 350 with FELSNAPTHA banishesTattleTale Gray frosting confectioner'sorange serve or

package lemon pudding over cake.

WAY 1948 319

HAROLD B. LEE aftergethertheywitharethebaptized,body of tothe gatherSaints toat thestructionFirst thatPresidencyshall comeof thisto themChurchfromas

(Continued from page 281) the designated place. This, we have to where they shall be gathered and

come to recognize, is but the breath of not be disturbed in their feelings until of the Lord, is given in the parable of God upon those who are converted such instruction is given to them as it the Master, when he said that: turning them to the promises made to is revealed by the Lord to the proper

their authority. fathers.

.. is like. the unto a of heaven kingdom the designation of gathering But Again, in 1838, the Lord gave anet, gathered that cast into the sea, and was

of every kind. places is qualified in another revelation further reason for the gathering

Which, when it was full, they drew to by the Lord to which I would desire shore, and sat down, and gathered the to call your attention. After designatVerily I say unto you all: Arise and

good into vessels, but cast the bad away. ing certain places in that day where shine forth, that thy light may be a stand-

(Matthew 13:4748.) the Saints were to gather, the Lord ard for the nations;

said this: And that the gathering together upon the

stakes, be her of Zion, upon land and may first in this to gather, The command the for a from refuge defense, for and is there the Until cometh when daydispensation, six within months was it shall be wrath storm, from when and I for them; then found and more no roomafter the organized. Church was The the mixture whole without upon out poured I will appoint other places which have in announcing Smith,Prophet 115:5-6.) earth. (Ibid., Joseph

(Ibid., 101:21.) them. unto

this revelation, made this significant declaration as recorded in the History Thus, clearly, the Lord has placed Why was this to be called a "place of the Church: the responsibility for directing the of refuge"and a "place of safety"?

revelation, in the another Lord in of Said gathering the of hands work... that found soon been had Satan We of the the leaders Church to whomlying in to deceive, there, wait shall seeking of the and glory the Lord be whom

his will reveal he will and wherehe devour. shall terror might of the 1:109.) also (D.H.C. Lord and.. the, when such gatherings would take there, insomuch that the wicked will notbe

The meaning of that revelation and the place in the future. It would be come unto it, and it shall be called Zion.

purpose of it all was explained in these well—before the frightening events (Ibid., 45:67.)

words: concerning the fulfilment of all God's

promises and predictions are upon us, The time when these things shall be

And ye are called to bring to pass the that the Saints in every land prepare would be as the Lord said when:

for elect; of gathering mine mine elect hear themselves and look forward to the in-... the wicked shall slay the wicked, their hearts; harden not andmy voice

Wherefore the decree hath gone forth and fear shall come upon every man;

from the Father that they shall be gathered And the saints also shall hardly escape;

in unto one place upon the face of this nevertheless, I, the Lord, am with them, land, to prepare their hearts and to be and will come down in heaven from the prepared in all things against the day presence of my Father and consume the when tribulation and desolation are sent wicked with unquenchable fire. (Ibid., 63:

forth upon the wicked. 3334.)

For the hour is nigh and the day soon at hand when the earth is ripe; and all Another and further reason for the

the proud and they that do wickedly shall gathering is given us with this revelabe as stubble; and I will burn them up, tion:

saith the Lord of Hosts, that wickedness shall not be upon the earth. (D. & C. 29: that seeing Wherefore,

7-9.) all these decreed things uponI, the theLord,facehaveof

Three years later the Lord again theassembledearth, Iuponwill thethatlandmy ofsaintsZion;should be

spoke upon this subject: And that every man should take righteousness in his hands and faithfulness upon

... it is my will, that all they who call his loins, and lift a warning voice unto the

on my name, and worship me according to inhabitants of the earth; and declare both

mine everlasting gospel, should gather toby word and by flight that desolation shall gether, and stand in holy places. (Ibid., come upon the wicked. (Ibid., 63:3637.)

101:22.) Thus, the Lord has said plainly to his As we sit here today, we should be Saints that the gathering was to premindful of the fact that we are pare their hearts "according to the those of whom these revelations have everlasting gospel,"and to be prepared spoken. We are those who have been

in all things "by standing in holy gathered from out of spiritual Babylon, places."or perhaps we represent the second or

THE CONFERENCE STORY third or even the fourth or fifth generation of those call the heeded who and after the years orCix Church was 264) (Concluded from page felt spirit the of gathering. as Just was * ganized, the of gathering keys were in the case the the of days Prophet Joface to face with brought I was As committed to Smith Oliver Joseph and seph in Smith, so leaders our the day "things, these with together many in the KirtlandCowdery Temple. The of the told that us Church have "Satan others, the least not them among was is record of that restoration marvelous has lying in to wait been deceive, and inthe that photographers found many in given these words: seeking he might devour."whom teresting subjects on Square Temple

After this vision closed, the heavens during conference week, I said: "This As I have thought about these

were again opened unto us; and Moses apis the conference story."things, I have been sobered by the

us, before peared committed us and unto that lifetime during my story of the realization conference the But the of the keys gathering of Israel the from three presidents of have this Church of Christ of Latterday Jesus four parts of earth, the the leading of Church and those spoken are dangers upon which is is that the Saints strengthened love the tribes ten from the land the of north. within the seeking are which Church for the for other each and Church (Ibid., 110:11.)

each time as the Saints answer the call to destroy us and to defeat the purThe spirit of gathering has been with and attend the conference in the manpose of our gathering.

the Church from the days of that ner that is best suited to their circumIt was President Joseph F. Smith

restoration. Those who are of the stance—in person—by radio—or from who said:

blood of Israel, have a righteous desire the printed page! (Concluded on page 322)

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Farmall System of Farming is an for the answer. A Farmall Tractor and

American institution. Its roots are in matched machines can mean greater

the soil... on your farm, on the farms operating economy and efficiency on

of your neighbors. the family farm—and that brings

To increase productivity and speed better living!

field work, look to the Farmall System Five basic models make up the

Farmall lineup. There's a size for every

farm, an endless selection of Farmall equipment to work in every crop and soil condition.

The answer to the power problem on your farm can be found in the Farmall

System. Your nearest International Harvester dealer can give you full details on

the model that fits your farm.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

Leffs Forma// Super-A offers hydraulic Farmall TOUCHCONTROL and new "combustion control."

$ FARMALL is a registered trademark. RememberOnly International Harvester builds Farmall Tractors.

Smallest member of the Farmall Family is the

Farmall Cub with matched Cub equipment.

FARMALL Leads the Way

MAY 1948 32T HAROLD B. LEE Churchspoken andof thein hisdangerspublic thataddressesare conhas becausein his prefacehe knewto thethe calamitiesrevelationswhichwas

{Concluded from page 320) fronting the homes of our people towere about to come forth upon the carelessness of out children marriage of men. day—the at least three are that dangers There of the temple, the out and of Church as the we, "ghost"see a people, May the within, threaten the authorand Church

the the of sanctity lack marriage, of that of our possibilities ities and which to the we fact to the need that awaken people should be warned unceasingly and a lack of an understanding of the might be able to accomplish by our against them. As I see these, they are flatsanctity of the marriage covenant; the own strength and ability to stir us up

tery of prominent men in the world, false increase of divorce among us, the failto deeds of righteousness and to build ideas, educational impurity. sexual and to the ure sacred covenants hold to that greater we a provide brotherhood

third the subject mentioned, But personthe in of the Lord. have House made evils the against threatdefense which al is purity, perhaps of greater importance might the warning remember Well we destroy today. our to en homes either than the of two. other in believe We of the the Revelator, to Lord John, of standard this all one morality in preparation and for men do womwe May said: he when If life en. is of purity all neglected, other for the the of of coming Son Man

set like in dangers rivers the us upon of not which, be long God, may as Behold, Blessed a thief. is he I come the waters gates flood are when opened. in that us delayed. preparaspeed I Godpray that his watcheth, keepeth and garments, Doctrine, (Gospel ed. 1939 312313.)

it is increase yet tion while and day lest his naked, he walk they see and shame.

It was President Grant during his (Rev. 16:15.) within us the testimony of the divinity

declining years, who repeatedly—in all As I think of the counsel of these, ofAndtheasworkwe mayin whichlive inwethearedayengaged.when our conferences all his addresses and in

leaders, that has been given all struggles, terrors us the trials and and upon Saints the Latterday to our—urged time to time, from I have been reforetold the prophets, to pass by come keep God's commandments, time and

again impressing upon us that there minded of a story told of a president when "fear shall be upon every man"was no greater mission for him to perof one of our great universities in and when it shall seem that there is no form, as the President of the Church, Nova Scotia who called his representaplace safe upon the earth, may the than to so warn the Latterday Saints. tives to him and sent them out to teach Latterday Saints who are living the

By divine inspiration, he directed a a great principle to the humble fishercommandments of God be comforted movement to build brotherhood in this men of that land. His parting counsel again by those words with which the

day, designed to foster the greatest to them was: Master has comforted those who have

security possible in this material world. "If you want to educate a man, you lived before us in similar times. "Be

Much has been done to bring about the have to let him see a ghost."humble, and the Lord will take you by

full purposes of the Church welfare the hand, as it were, and give you anprogram, before it is too late, in order ITay the Latterday Saints be swer to your prayers.""Be still, and

to provide that "defense"and that haunted, if it need be, by the know that I am God."For I bear you

those the of pioneered that witness these memory solemn who I know the storm, from from and I in this true. of gathering dispensation, things the told prophets are work by

it will wrath poured out without be... whenrefuge be the of and that haunted those counseled by have memory who the know the mixture earth. upon whole (D. C. & teachings of that the are and and of dangers us in our work day Adam 115:6.)

Moses; of Joseph Smith and Brigham before us have spoken as the prophets

President George Albert Smith, who Young and others of the prophets and of the Living God and I bear you this presides over us today, has repeatedly the purposes for which the gospel has testimony humbly, in the name of the counseled the Authorities of the been restored, which the Lord told us Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen.

MARION 6. ROMNEY cometruth. toEveryme oneandofguideus canmebe intoled andall seatedI believeon thatthis standwhen livea manby revelation.is chosen

(Concluded from page 288) directed by this third member of the in the Council of the Twelve, he is see him he would look something like Godhead. The Prophet Joseph Smith chosen by revelation through the mind

the Savior looked to the brother of said that his whole purpose was to of President George Albert Smith, and

Jared when he appeared to him on the bring light and intelligence and truth I believe that when a man becomes the it is this just minds and not and women, of President of men Church brother Jared'sMount. looked to When

It is cannot they time. as long deceived lived be has he a long as because toupon him, he appeared be a personal

being as we appear, as men appear. they have his spirit with them. because God Almighty wants him to

his earth. in the lead Church I What that believe the gospel Now, that to explainedJesus him he what

I not because these say I follow, men is the which gospel have accepted we looking the of hiswas upon body was they are almighty as individual that think think not Jesus Christ. I doSpirit. is of not saying this am Now I

live true I think they because men, but President Smith, as as I admire much It is,the doctrine the of Church.

however, the only way I can think and love him, is the head of this and pure lives and through them God about a spirit person, so I think about Church. I think it is the Church of gives the direction he wants his

the Holy Ghost in this way. I believe Jesus Christ, and I believe he directs Church to have. I believe that I would

his influence and his power are capable its affairs. be a very unwise man to put the little

of spreading out into the hearts of all information and knowledge I have people, as many as will accept the IVy testimony of revelation does not above the vision of the Almighty which gospel and receive the gift of the Holy end with the revelations of Joseph guides these men.

Ghost. Smith. I believe that Joseph Smith, I believe this is the Church of God.

When I was made a member of the Brigham Young, John Taylor, Wil- I believe that it will yet save whatever

Church, Elder George Teasdale, one ford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, Joseph of the world is saved. I believe we

of the Council of the Twelve, con- F. Smith, and Heber J. Grant were led, have the commission to teach the gosfirmed me. He laid his hands upon my guided and directed by direct revelapel of Jesus Christ to all the world.

head and confirmed me a member of tion. I believe that President George God help us that we may keep this

the Church and said in words about Albert Smith is now guided in the aftestimony burning in our hearts and like this, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost."fairs of the present day by the that we may do as he would have us do

All of us who are members of the revelations which come from Jesus and live so that when life is over we

Church have had that same gift given Christ directly and through the Holy will have brought ourselves within to us. He did not tell the Holy Ghost Ghost. I do not believe revelation has reach of the atoning blood of Jesus

to come to me; he told me to receive ceased. If I did, I would not spend Christ and enjoy his rest forever, I

him. I believe that if I live the gospel my time doing what I am doing. I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

of Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost will believe that these prophets of God now Christ. Amen.

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA after months Deep tones make room styling dreams can create—selected

of comparison, after years of study with a new delight! colorists, architects and fine fabric

Now—the finest wall colors you can find makers. Now—alluring new beauty for

! Fuller's your rooms—to quicken the tempo of—in soft, nonreflective oil paint

new Decorator Wall Colors! Yellows family living—to win admiration from

pure as Spring daffodils, reds warm as friends and guests. Now—decorate with

sunset, blues cool as deep pools, greens distinction, with confidence, with ease! Made fresh as new foliage, browns, purples,—with Decorator Wall Colors

grays! All the captivating colors your exclusively by W. P. Fuller 5? Co.

DECORATOR WALL COLORS THERE'SDEALERA FULLERNEAR YOUPAINT

Popular "gotogether"wall colors come in If you need a

FULICOAT—soft, flat finish professionalFuller will bepainter,glad

FULLERGLO—semigloss finish to help you

FULGioss-highgloss, porcelainlike finish

MAY 1948 323 SPENCER W. KIMBALL straight,get back tothatbewhichreally I happyhave lost.again,Youto legalMark.in Theythe schools,suffer butfromnotBibleIsaiah,affiliation.or St.

(Continued from page 282) see, Brother Kimball, I grew up in the (George E. Sokolsky, Atheism by Law.)

doubt. clean a with never and Church builder. eyesthe of His were a product his from props been had moved And I faithful, believing. active, was My light; hisbright; step he walked was delighthouse him. His was under I felt in trust complete. secure was my courassurance.with Here were calm his loose; his stroyed; broken anchor seriously faith, the questioning never positiveness.age, optimism, was and He sea at blasted. His bark harbor was life It of truth. as bark though was my toattitudeclean. a had wholesome He sail, or anchor, rudin storm without a tied securely in harbor, safe a were life, bitterness. sourness, no no Heward his lost pilot der; a had with and who to cable docks which with were heavy in life the straight eye and metlooked his His way. not and knew compass. parents immovable. and my My life,"toldits he challenges. "All my stars his clouded, were and heaven was anchor to leaders gave Church me 'cleanlithat taught "Ime, been have all exlights but hidden. His were I if only could safe. have hold Oh, me all is Godliness.'to nextness Through his vision dimmed. tinguished, and And spirit tranquility of that sweet again auxiliary organizapriesthoodthe and I if get only again: could said "Oh, he sureness!"and peace and I statement: Paul'stions learned have I of lost of peace, have what back

'. that the told storms of he.. me Then of the that are temple God, ye I faith! virtue, of had hoped of hope, fought him. a engulfed had had He in Spirit dwelleth of that theand God dispel the fog and might mission that a battles; in the horrors war. were Thereyou?'build repentance; back mists; prove my in temptations camps. the there were "of 'If defile the temple any return man things faith in and sacred my surrounded eighteen he been had At the for destroy; shall all I himGod, God with testimony once the had to me sins all the accumulated suddenly by is I holy, temple which oftemple happiness. God its security, and peace, crushof pressure the world. was The (I 3:1617.) had are.'"Cor. I Heye repair and bark might hoped my had ing. hearing been he years had For two

fill for said mission, to it eager abeen it steer full again control in and get the vile speech and vulgar name and I recollection, earliesthe: "Since safe harbors."waters and my into calm use. constant desecrated of by God for savings earmarkedhave my my this of sincerity I felt the as entertainAnd told wellmeaning how He I intently to listenedmission; have foothold, for struggling a young man but ers the to had camps had come anticmissionary returning andevery to for something foundation, for a told songs, for sexy them sung them opportunity eagerness withipated my these cling, there words to came which satisfy to ribald jokes, acted had and

I taught life All been haveto go. my into memory: the of Redeemer my vulgar. crude, the the coarse, and He stirred of have my menby God who in pictures which motion seen had built thinking, stimulatedambition, my of these shall offend one whosoever drinking And universal, was smoking was faith. increased character, and mymy it is better in little believe that me, ones proper, imas smart and approved at the markers always wereThere about millstone hanged for that were a him broken and condoned, morality was for I recognize, sea. the into cast couldcrossroads his which neck, were he and

infidelity in marriage were and homes 9:42.) (Mark prepared valiantthese had me people

his leisure hours spent had he common;

I grateful identifyto them. Oh, how

cities in the been and had near camps the part of came the Lord words a builders have that had such Andam streets. the of accosted by women life! again: helpedin have making They my to had he wonder! come had He And mists, lift the dissipate fogs, theto

in his class had and attended a ward Pharisees, scribes you, and unto But woe fortify the doubts, and mebanish mysteries. the discussion heard on a of for the shut hypocrites! kingdom ye up full is life temptations. the My there in neither for debated which Subjects against on men: go heaven ye were

I fears is no have no remorse—against—there suffer are that neither yourselves, them ye little revelation on and recorded was in promise."rich is glorious and in. to (Matt. entering 23:13.) go—life opinions, conflicting there were which

And I remembered the words of the and he had heard criticism of Church

Lord through his ancient prophet: leaders, of Church policies, and of NTot all scribes and Pharisees lived

. doctrines, he wondered! Church and anciently. are wrecktoday There

the are mountains beautiful upon How the author of a book, read He had builders ers as and as well among men tidings, bringeth that good feet ofthe him of rich of endowments, one which was there In library in nature. the Church publisheth publisheththat peace; considerable of learning, and much than books 1,700 and are more.. Zion,that saith thatsalvation; unto. God Thy

reigneth! (Isaiah 52:7.) prestige. The things which our youth pamphlets of a defamatory character.

had always accepted were ridiculed. The books are dead. They are seldom

In contrast, I had a visit from one Logic was used; rationalizing was consulted. They can be purchased

of the victims of the human destroyers. done; corrupt writers of a bygone day from secondhand bookstores at low

He was a fairhaired youth of twentywere quoted; the supernatural was excost. The authors likewise are dead.

two years; the last four of those years plained away; the revelations were They flickered for a moment and went

had been filled with experiences too said to be man's wisdom; prophets out, dying of their own corruption,

sordid and too horrible for a lad of were demoted to the status of laymen; after having polluted the minds of a

and dethroned and even Gods were while into the discard went few. Theythose tender which years—experiences All this of man. a creation steadily on. fought they went cause in the challenge a vetmade the resistance ofwould

eran. His manner was mild, his apstrict denial and total destruction of Simon Peter warned us:

proach shy, but his voice registered the basic things which had always been

. false shall to teachers wonder. his continued there be among hesincerity. life—and heart opened immediately My in shall bring privily damnable you, the. who. to school war when had gone He in. Kimball,""Brother he him tookand that the heresies, denying Lord even Bill I. Rights. his of over, under G. was it to for possibleasked, be "would me themselves bring them, unto and bought confused. further been he had Here it I help think mission? ago would on (II 2:1.) destruction. Peter swift personal he God, was no There was I again. find myself want to dome

of the figment told, a but was God field."into said: to the mission govery Lord much The

intellectual of creation a imagination, frustrating ex- "You've had some of creation being a God, man. And for lawyers! have ye you, unto Woe I asked. haven'tperiences, you?"And him, but help fulnot could the man was the of knowledge: key taken man away

in of his soul a series outhe poured in destiny. enter yourscriptures; of the his ness not ye out alone to He work own

heartrending stories. So many upon was led to believe that religion was for selves, into the kingdom and those whothe head of a youth—and so cononly the simple and gullible. He found were entering in ye hindered. (See Luke

centrated! Why, he had hardly rethat in the schools: 11:52; Revised.)

covered from one until another blow in the early there Apparently werefell continued: him. "I hope upon He children, but taught our be Atheism may for doctrines taught those who if I can out and preach thethat go Bible, the church not of not the gosnot God, the word

pel, I might be able to get my thinking Prophets, not the Apostles. Karl Marx is (Concluded on page 326)

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To build a farmer's tractor you've got to have a "green thumb"!?:>

—you must know farming.

Here at Oliver we have known that it takes more than sliderule engineering. Our engineering staff and researchers stay closely

in touch with the farm and farmers! Models are tested on hundreds of farms through one or more growing seasons before they

are put into production—before we will offer them for sale.

That is the reason why Oliver Tractors are so universally liked by farmers—and why farmers find in them, even in small things, so

many practical features that only farmers would know and appregot to know farming. ciate. To build a farmer's tractor—you've

More than just tractors, Oliver "farmwise"engineers build tractors and tools to work together. This Oliver Tractor is made with

provision for mounting, cultivating, tillage, planting and harvesting tools. These are tracOLIVER tor mounted on the same frame for greater

usefulness at less cost to the farmer. "FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY"

Mountain States Implement Company

Ogden, Utah

Branches: UTAH Ogden IDAHO Preston Idaho Falls Rupert Shelley

Tremonton Blackfoof Buhl Rexburg Twin Falls

MAY 1948 325 is faith shattering having two eyes to be cast into hell to not than permitted SPENCER W. KIMBALL and 18:8-9.) fire. (Matt. is also only often retained go free but

(Concluded from page 324) in high places. The body which is

in the leaders so admonish And we rise killed will in resurrecagain thethe sophistries of are those men. There stakes, missions to ever wards, and be little its tion to eternal with damagetoday in disto take seem pride who that to see incorrect docno faith welfare, but has he been vigilant whoseagreeing the with teachings orthodox

trines their in classes are promulgated suffer shattered long ages before mayof their the present Church and who in will or congregations. Wolves come spiritual restoration complete of stature opinions are at variance whichown

will sheep's the clothing deceive and if all. at said: had, can be Jesus And truth. thewith revealed be Some may

if elect, possible. that very were Andpartially in innocent the others matter;

or write those again warn who the ofwe of unto world because Woe theirare feeding egotism; and own

fences! for or subversive teach otherwise that preach offences needs it must be deliberate. to besome seem may Men to that come; but the their is woe by doctrines, man sure that punishment whomthink as please, they but they have no offence cometh! (Matt. 18:7.) their dieth not."for "wormright to their others impose unupon

like rich the despised man And who views.orthodox should persons Such better to his take Far a from man the will Lazarus, they beggar eventualthat!realize in their souls are own flocks herds, his or or lands wealth, realization stately to the of a comejeopardy. said to us through Lord The his sight limbs, even reor to than be the of Christ: Jesus ment Lordthe Prophet Joseph: faith. sponsible loss for his the of The

this, all beside us between and you And it this way:

is fixed.... teach the principles of my gospel, Son of God put gulf there a great 16:26.) (Luke

which are in the Bible and the Book of if thy or foot offend thy Wherefore hand is in the the of fulness whichMormon, bless you, brothers Lord The my thee, off, cut cast them thee: and them fromthe gospel. all, sisters. like the Nile and we May is it for better thee to life enter into halt shall they observe the covenants And nourish, build River, strengthen and and rather maimed, and than having hands two articlesand church them, these to do and fortify, like rather the than be volcano feet or fire. to cast into be two everlastingshall their teachings, shall be as they be brings desolation only death which and if thine it thee, offend eye And pluckdirected Spirit. the by

receive the not And if ye Spirit ye out,thee andto entercast intoit fromlife thee:with oneit iseye,betterratherfor andJesusdestruction,Christ. Amen.I pray, in the name ofshall teach.... not (D. C. 42:1214.... &

Italics speaker's.)

'T'he great objective of all our work in of the earth. the here work Lord is build to character increase and G. ELDRED SMITH let In closing quote a which me poem faith in lives the those of whom we expresses the thought of can how we (Concluded page from 286) Ifserve. one cannot accept teach and

faith strengthen our our testimony and er, for instance,the first of the in the program upon which an Church the use of might the power that weorthodox reservations, exploded, without vaporized; was bomb he atomic way it with us have abunand more Lord that steel It teach.should dissipated tower not into part the was be the would

dantly: it, atmosphere. his didn't to resignof honor return position. but Not We

only would he be dishonest and deceitnone of it has been destroyed. It has

ful, but he is also actually under conjust been broken up into a different OTHERS* form. is full itdemnation, for the of atmosphere said that Savior The malive to from day day let me terials, better there that and whereverwere a millstone is one law Lord, were selfforgetful In such a way given, there his is a reversehanged or about law cast conneck and he be I to kneel pray, even That when

into the sea than that he should lead trary law. We have learned the law My prayers will be for Others.

astray doctrinally or betray the cause that we may break up the elements of or give offense, destroying the faith of the earth, to a great extent. Help me in all the work I do

ever sincere true be and little To "theseone of beones"who is of the priesthood The power the

I all that you know Andlieves in him. that this remember And call to power upon the who knows God needs be done Must do for—Others.for it the children, not only smallmeans law, reverse in his to and accordance

includes even adults who believe and will, he will exercise his power to call Let "self"be crucified and slain trust in God. together the elements or to put them And buried deep; and all in vain

Man is like the volcano which in a into action for our benefit. By such May efforts be to rise again

few weeks can devastate the countryprocess beyond our mortal control and Unless to live for—Others.

side, cities, the our beyond sick knowledge, smother can and wreck human earth when And an is done work my lives. healed; blind the destructionist to see; the can can be be made human And in work heaven's begun. And new my the inject liveslikewise to deaf can hear. into be other has made human God I forget the I've crown won May

in those powers, skepticism time and the he has given a short doubt and them to While thinking still of—Others.

the faith. It loss priesttotal us through the of can ofwhich power mean

may take centuries for the other forces hood. How can we strengthen that Others, Lord, yes, others,

of nature to pulverize the lava around faith which we have that will help us Let this my motto be;

live for others, to me that to use thata eventually power, volcano use Help so it may for we cannot

I like thee. live That may life of the priesthood correctly animals, the give again to plants power and

and just as surely the damage to faith without faith. Our faith and our testi-—C. D. Meigs

in iconoclast, of are strengthened an individual mony by day an day done by

I testimony, bear brothyou my my actions our in not, deliberate and our deeds. take orwhether have may We sisters, ers this that and is the I know called if it is attention, to rebuilding, this had ever during our of years or ages

fully restored. conference, many of the ways by work of the Lord and that this power

of the priesthood given has which been which strengthen can testimony we said: also Savior The is this to truly the people of power faith. strengthen will and our go ourWe If will live continue God. to as we this from conference away rememberkill fear the not body, them which And it shall us, taught has he of a source be little ing the of that words were kill soul; to rather the able are but not but

all happiness shall to us joy and and if instil is into spoken, but ourcan fear to destroy able both which him we soul and body in hell. (Matt. 10:28.) selves the desire to get out and do more enable us to accomplish the duties required of us from our to day in day for our fellow fellow our and men

I lives. this in testimony the bear you the gained purpose In our own society, the murderer workers, we have

who kills the body is hunted, imprisof these conferences, and with the help name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

oned, and executed, but the character of the Lord we shall work harder and *Used by permission of Meigs Publishing Co.,who kills the soul by implanting doubt go farther and progress faster in the Indianapolis.

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wisdom."—Leo"A real treasuryJ. ofMuir.beauty and

"The most beautiful book we For missionaries, for genealohave ever published."Thousands have acclaimed this gists, for everyone who loves

THE NAYLOR CO. book one of the most wholethe Bible.

San Antonio 6, Texas some and entertaining in their reading experience.

Ask for these Books at Your Favorite Book Store (Or use convenient coupon below)

ANNOUNCING: "I TALK

ABOUT MY CHILDREN"$2.00 (To be released in June)

"You don't need to have a child to enjoy this book. You'll want it if you've ever

BEEN one."—John George Hartwig, President, "National Eugene Field Society."

"The delicate interunderstanding of mother and children, children and mother, makes this book required reading."—St.

Louis Pan Hellenic Society.

"It was a pleasure to read from this delightful work. I am interested in anything

—Dr.that promotesPaul Popenoe,successfulDirector,family "Americanrelations."

Institute of Family Relations."

Ora Pate Stewart: Midvale, Utah

"Gleanings"(collected poems) $2.50

"Pages From the Book of Eve"$2.50

D "God Planted a Tree"$1.00

D All three above books $5.50

D "I Talk About My Children"$2.00

Name

Address Amount enclosed.

MAY 1948 327 this position, for seeking but I witness that a testimony and the Lord GEORGE ALBERT SMITH was that to say to want you if you would this himself established Church, to (Continued from page 269) betray your parents and go back on know that he spoke by the power "But,"the president continued, "do the Church you belong to, I'd be afraid that he had, in his wisdom, and gave you belong to any church?"to give you any kind of a job where to us in this day the gospel of Jesus

"Well, not here."you have to handle money."And so Christ, again, and to belong to just

"Did you ever belong to a church?"the young man lost his opportunity besuch an organization. No other church

He said, "Yes, I did at one time,"cause he did not have the courage to in the world makes such a claim as we and he began to be afraid the president do his duty by his Church and his famdo. When I see this wonderful group

did know who he was, and he didn't ily. of young folk, behind us here, and the

want him to find out now, so he kept These things happen so many times; choir, and those that we had from

on hedging and said, "At one time I while on the contrary our boys and Provo yesterday, and others that we was a member of a church, but I didn't girls who keep the commandments of meet all the time, I know of no other take much interest in it, and I'm not the Lord, and observe the advice of place in the world where you can find doing much at it now."our Heavenly Father, need not be such young people as the Lord gives to

"What church was it?"afraid anywhere. us in the Church of Jesus Christ of Lat-

"Well, you'd call it the Mormon terday Saints. Where can you go, in

Church."have traveled considerably in the all the world, and find such companionThe president said, "Do you mean to World, myself. I have covered apships as you can have in the Church

tell me that you are a son of a Morproximately a million miles. I have of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints?

mon family?"been in the homes of the rich and the It is his Church. He gave it his name,

The boy knew the jig was up with poor, in many parts of the world, and and he advised us that it should be him then; so he answered, "Yes, sir."I never have found one instance so called. Again I want to mention

The president queried, "Do you among the better class of people that fact to some of our brethren.

mean to tell me that you would desert where I have been, where if they knew Don't let the Lord down by calling the faith of your parents, when you I was a member of the Church of Jesus this the Mormon Church. He didn't

had known that they were Mormons Christ of Latterday Saints, it was call it the Mormon Church. It is all

and desired you to be one?"any detriment to me. But I have known right for us to believe in the Book of

"Well, not exactly that."many cases where it has opened the Mormon. He expects us to do that,

"I'm afraid,"the president said, way and offered opportunity that I but he told us what to call this Church.

"you're not much credit to them. If couldn't have had before. You know, The Lord has said:

is thing it is possible to that the haven't stand a strange courage up ityou church save it be be how it my And faith, for individual are to belong you?for your an what good in to the called church name? For if a myNow,"he said, "I will be plain with Church, not just a church, but to becalled in Moses'name then it be Moses'be

you. I thought you were the man I long to the Church, to have had a church; or if it be called in the name of

See the Bible o oo In Beautiful 3 -Dimension o { ) Utah Photo Materials Co. - y--v- Color with ViewMaster

'27SaltWestLake SouthCity 1,TempleUtah *

Ship me the ViewMaster and the Bible stories

I have checked. I enclose money order for

f"} ($2 for the ViewMaster, 50c for each reel).

/'i CH-1 The Angel Gabriel Visits Zacharias

CH6A The Birth of the Savior—Part I ViewMaster Stereoscope brings you 12 Bible Stories

(. ) CH6B The Birth of the SaviorPart II in full color pictures of living characters, viewed in

. t jCH15CH-8 TheJesusWiseTurnsMenWaterFind IhtoJesusWine threegettabledimensions!color pictures,Each withstory anis toldaccompanyingin seven unfortext.

CH37 Herod Kills John the Baptist

The amazing realism of stereoscopic, natural color.....CH40 Jesus Answers the Prayer of a will bring the Bible closer to you and your family. Mother J

m*l CH47 The Good Samaritan eiiw'CH49 Jesus, Our Good Shepherd 4i Order by Mail - Immediate Delivery } CH55A The Prodigal Son—Part I ViewMaster Bible Reels

II JCH55B Prodigal The SonPart - Stereoscopes, DeLuxe #JL\j\J$2.00 Each 50

....v *i? The CH57 and Poor Lazarus Rich Man

USE THE ATTACHED COUPONWE THE PAY POSTAGE

Name 9?

) Mailing Address Utah Photo Materials Co.

i K(& IIS'":::'-.:"ffl SjJ? '| %fsf V. 27 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a man then it be the church of a man; but I feel it is a great compliment to you, eternal life that we do not have and

if it it is in called then be name my organization small only are while a we sisters, so that brothers and many my my if it built that church, so they are be upon in the great the ones with compared in lives find the another of of one you (Ill gospel. 27:8.) Nephi my all all together, have, that they world, that the things proud and you make

This is his Church, the Church of grateful to be identified with this orthat is necessary for eternal life in the

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. I ganization. When we think of what celestial kingdom, we have, plus the

and of authority Father our Heavenly feel that the of sometimes disappointed so done the Lord has for us—think

if happiness eternal of the promise we of our to be timid, if many of us thousands seem young wommen and I may use that term, and give this Church en who have had an education that will obey his commandments.

that the Lord has permitted us to be they could obtain in no other way exThis is not a manmade organization.

identified with rather a casual refercept in the missionary field, and that It is not just a small fraternal departence. I am so proud of membership we have more than four thousand out ment in this great world; this is the

in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterin the world today—what a privilege Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

day Saints, when I think that all the it is! This is not a Church to criticize, Saints. Think what that means, a

blessings of the world may be mine as to find fault with others. The Lord Church of the Son of God, who gave

a member of his Church, and if I were doesn't advise us or counsel us to make his life that we might live again. So

not a member how many blessings it uncomfortable for other people who today as I worship here with you I there may be lost for me. Think of the don't understand, but the Lord in every am thankful for my birthright, thankwonderful people in the world and in way encourages us to set an example ful for parents who taught me the

all these various churches. I want to that others seeing our good works will gospel of Jesus Christ and set the extell you that there are thousands of be constrained to glorify his name. ample in their home. If I did anything

them, I think I would be safe in saying I am so proud and grateful for the that I should not do in my life, it would millions of them who, if they knew young people of this great organizabe something that I could not have what we know and had the testimony tion as I meet them in different parts learned in my mother's home. There

that God has given to us, wouldn't hesiof the country, and I am so thankful were sweetness and kindness and love tate to join the Church. They would for their fathers and mothers who have always. With a large family of chilbe afraid not to take advantage of the given them the training that encourdren it took a mother with a good deal

opportunities that he has given to us. ages them to pray and to walk uprightof patience, but she was always paIn this wonderful conference where ly before the Lord, encourages them to tient with us.

we have been assembled the past three avoid bad habits and not partake of It will not be very long, in the natdays, think how we have mingled tothings that otherwise would hurt them. ural course of events, till the summons

gether. I have shaken hands with peoThink of it. Do you realize, my breththat took Father and Mother and other

ple all the way from Australia, to Portren and sisters, that there isn't a blessloved ones to the other side, will reach land, Maine, and from Europe, to ing, a real blessing in any church in the me. I look forward to that time

Hawaii who have come here, happy to world that is enjoyed in that church with pleasant anticipation. I have lived

make these long journeys, delighted to that you may not enjoy as a member of a long time, as contrasted with the be permitted to associate and to shake the Church of Jesus Christ of Latteraverage of human beings, and I have hands with the membership of this day Saints? You can't think of a thing had a happy life. I can think of noChurch. that is worth while in preparation for (Concluded on page 330)

"Happy is the man that findeth Wisdom and the man that getteth Understanding:"Proverb 3:13

Qhwirik. &SLbJL$sdkhA

L. D. S. DISCOURSES SCRIPTURES WILFORD OF WOODRUFF

Compiled Gilbert by Dr. G. Homer Durham $2.50 a Charles Orme $4.50

] MORMONISM AND MASONRY C-0M>*..*.Joc D EVIDENCESDr. JohnANDA. WidtsoeRECONCILIATIONS $2.25 E. Cecil McGavin

fifl INTERPRETATIONS GOSPEL Dr. John A. Widtsoe $2.25 D STORYTELLER'SAlbert L. Zobell.SCRAPBOOKJr - iJl.UUffl

MANSIONS HIS MANY Rulon S. Howells $2.25 D TEMPLESCompiledOF THEby N. MOSTB. LundwallHIGH $2.50

D LAST RobertDAYS Smith $2.00 D THE QUESTO. F. Ursenbach $2.25

IT CONCERN MAY $3.00 TO WHOMMarvin O. Ashton

HISTORY CHURCH NOVELS BRIGHAM YOUNG THE MAN OF THE HOUR

D. Widtsoe $2.00 D GAY SAINTPaul Bailey 12.50 Leah

THE COLONIZER BRIGHAM YOUNG Dr. Milton R. Hunter $3.00 D JACOBPaulHAMBLINBailey $4.50

D THE FOUNDINGLeland H. CreerOF AN EMPIRE $5.00 O PRINCEGatesOF andUR Widtsoe.. $2.00

D UTAH Dr.THEMiltonSTORYR. HunterOF HER PEOPLE $2.75 D SONGPaulEVERLASTINGBailey $2.50

When ordering, add 2% sales tax in Utah.

SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES

Write for listing oi books and special discount privileges 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4. Utah

MAY 1948 329 Saints, called possess, of the honto be worthy day many memand how GEORGE ALBERT SMITH may all bers. the acquire, ors of I pray that and Lord Now, may men you may

(Concluded (torn page 329) those things that are so desirable in the add his blessing, that his peace may be body who has had a fuller life than world, the thing that God has given upon you and in your lives, and in your

I have had, and I don't say that to you that is worth more than all the home. Let us pray for the great men

boastfully, but gratefully; and I want rest is the opportunity to obtain eternal and women of the world who need the

to say to you that every happiness and life in the celestial kingdom and have Lord but do not understand his interest every joy that has been worthy of the as your companions, throughout the in them. Pray for the President of the

name has been the result of keeping ages of eternity, sons and daughters, United States who, at the present time, the commandments of God and obhusbands and wives with whom you so much needs guidance from our serving his advice and counsel. So, have associated here on earth. That Heavenly Father. Pray for our repreas we go forward, each of us, each is what the Lord teaches us, and when sentatives in Congress, our governors,

having an influence with our neighthe world is so distressed and uncerour mayors of cities, the men who have bors and our friends, let us not be too tain, we ought to be grateful, we ought influence in politics in our various comtimid.We do not need to annoy people, to be thankful for our blessings. I can munities, that they may do the things

but let us make them feel and underthink of no people in the world who that will be better for all of us and stand that we are interested, not in have so much reason to be thankful make us happier, and please our making them members of the Church for their blessings as right here in the Heavenly Father. That is our privifor membership, but in bringing them Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday lege. I say to you that the power of

into the Church that they may enjoy Saints. prayer is something that cannot be

the same blessings that we enjoy. measured. If there were time, I could

tell instances prayer where you many reof will conclusion the a be HPhis is critical in in his marvelous condition. way. a a world has answered beenHP

It has conference. been markable A risen beds is from It when People pitiable have situation faces that a these delightful wonderful to me, not could told they us, have they been in not anything the and but world us so choirs that happy have made

it yet possible, live, not and thatthe was of Father our can power Heavenly fine singing, their the advice with and great a lived performed and they have civilizationpreserve the of our day that received counsel from have we that is of the Church kind This work. live the the peopleand upon who to the opportunity brethren, even our

is orkind to. the of belong This at you theearth time. present adThe sit influences feel in the the and room all offered to has the ganization Lord is hisversary innings having because is that because are everyone here who educational of great our people. Thinkthe people the of refused to world have I I felt felt sure, as here, has have am are opportunities institutions, which the listen their to Father. Heavenly Now inspiration the of Father our Heavenly all that learn children to to it our is given privilege, set the our not to only spirit love kindness the of and and and the plus them, teach can the world also to others butexample encourage better determination to than a do we for necessary are that truths glorious it.to of take advantage Nobody before. ever done have our part of a to and absorb us make topickknows, a paper when up we

day, what the headlines may read. So lives in order that we may gain an

many lives destroyed here, so many exaltation in the celestial kingdom.

there, some from accident, some from God bless you, my brothers and siswarfare, some from wickedness, and ters. I feel I want to be with you. I

the greatest destruction of all that is am so grateful for the privilege of begoing on in the world today is the ing here, and now I am anxious that result of immorality. There was a time, you may all go to your homes and

as we have been reminded, when the carry with you love unfeigned, love people of Sodom and Gomorrah could for your boys and your girls, for your not produce, in those two cities, ten husbands and wives, for your neighindividuals who were worthy to live. bors and friends, and let that love

They had been so wicked that they abound wherever you may be. If we

were not fit to live any longer, and so will do that, when the returns come they were consumed by fire. from this conference and we hear from

Now, brethren and sisters, somebody the various stakes and missions of the said in this conference that the same world, where people have gone from laws apply, the same rules govern tohere, we will discover that we did day, and it is just as necessary for us receive a blessing and that the Lord to keep the commandments of our did magnify us and give us our opHeavenly Father today as it was for This is God's work. It is for the portunities, and we will go on keeping

any of the prophets of old or any of salvation of all the human family if his commandments.

his faithful sons and daughters who it, will accept they have and we who rewill that us every of one I pray lived the earth,have upon have who it is it received true should and know the of that to be member member a inearned celestial to a place the a alert share ever to watchful be and of Latterday Christ of Church Jesus can't gainkingdom. exaltation our rightWe things others that the with know. we all in is price Saints honor beyond an

lives the of our neighbors,by good of the abiding Let our be place homes live that so comparison, and may we profitbut their can by we good gratitude. thanksgiving exprayer and and friends that neighbors and our whoample, ourselves. can improve and we out our from day Every go when we us, not be members may know who

With love in my heart for every one homes, let us leave a place that has of the Church, will be grateful for our of you, may I say I am grateful. I been sanctified by the righteousness of fellowship. Peace be with you. May

haven't any way of expressing my our own lives, and when we return to you go to your homes in peace and thanksgiving to the people of this it that we may feel that influence that safety and continue to live in love and

Church and many people out of the is always there when the Spirit of God happiness as long as you are upon the

Church, where I have traveled in the is present. earth. And when the time comes for

world, for their kindnesses to me, one I pray that these fine boys and girls us to depart this life, may each of us of the humblest of our Father's sons. who have come to sing to us, along find our names recorded in the Lamb's

I wish I could return in full measure with the other visitors, may go home book of life, not one missing, entitling all the good which has been done for from this conference, that you may us to an inheritance in the celestial me wherever I have been. return to your various homes in safety kingdom, right here upon this earth, in

And now, brothers and sisters, it is and in peace, and take with you a rethe companionship of those we love, I not so important how many valuables newed desire to be real members of humbly pray in the name of Jesus you may have, how much property you the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterChrist. Amen.

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA S. DILWORTH YOUNG

(Continued from page 293) came another Mr. and Mrs. Shay who

quite late, but the hall going to were as Cash in Your Old Radio Same just finding there happened us not were. Anotherat the place where we...

in took a chair,... ON THIS UNUSUAL OFFER and young man drifted

another young girl, then two ladies came. They had been directed to To further popularize OLYMPIC RadioPhonograph Combinations, the

where we were by a sick man who had DAYNES MUSIC CO. will, for a limited time only, take your old style console

just heard,"(and the elder adds in his model radio or radiocombination at a letter) "I wonder how he heard about cash allowance of $80; or your old table were. where we

"Then Chief Tahachee himself model radio or record player at a cash drifted in, and before the evening was allowance of $30. toward the purchase

over a couple or three more. It was of a new and latest Mayfair Model

just miraculous people seemed how to OLYMPIC RadioCombination, at no adIt just gravitate to were. where we

worked in perfectly for a warm, friendvance in price. Balance may be paid

ly cottage meeting which I suggested, in convenient weekly or monthly payas Elder M. felt the same way. With ments with no interest or carrying

an audience of ten or twelve adults and a couple of children we began the charge.

meeting. Elder M. prayed beautifully. Never before have you heard such

I stood and talked on the restoration wonderful music from a radiophono- of for twenty the Book of Mormon in for a delay. Come graph. Do not

easiest inspired, or so, the minutes most infor further write or gave.talk I ever prompted It was by demonstration

the Holy Ghost; I know it was. I OLYMPIC Mayfair Model formation.

bore my testimony humbly and fervent- $249.00 FIRST OF ALL -RELIABILITY

ly to the truthfulness of the Book of (Slightly Higher for FM)

Mormon, their book, and that the De luxe Chippendale design case is lives. true, that JesusChurch and Silent mahogany. I in genuine

4547 Smith, visiontold of of Eight tubes, the them changer. Joseph record push- D ampliMAINaunes-< special circuit, pull audio forth bringing book, about of theof the

electro12-inch SALT LAKEInnateCITY I, UTAH u* selectivity. fier for for thethe witnesses, the need Book

.. dynamicspeaker. very people wereof Mormon. The

attentive and drank it all in, and then

Elder M. got up and gave a beautiful talk confirming mine, telling more

about the Book of Mormon, how to get POULTRY a testimony and other great points pertinent to the time. It was an inOTHER SHEEP

half talk.spired of queshour a KILL Then AMERICA) (A OF ANCIENT SAGA LICEtions, to loaned them"or gave and we

treat can You I it out, (according supto works how chickens 90 (60—about story feet but reverent of thrilling with "five roost—pose) of Books more Mormon. A

only one of ounce to them, eager have and were EASY, occurThey events wonderful I of the really willthink read them with real ring at the time of the Savior's interest real intent with and to know MoneySaving the truth. After I closed with prayer, visit to the American continent.

questioning,there a little and more was Way Samuel, story of the in Weaving spirit fine in the place with awe left 40 deeds terrible the w.uh/ Lamanite; and smear the of Just tap on4814roosts with Chiefand toward Tahachee went

the river. As we left, Mrs. Shay told the Gadianton Robbers; the eventsus we could hold a meeting at her of the three days of darkness; the CAPBRUSH

place again if we didn't get the hall, coming of the Savior, and His estabAPPLICATOR civilization. invite interested. she thoseand would great of a lishment utilizes the applicator Black powerful This his us house toChief took Tahachee give Leaf greatest to fumes 40 coverage, participating if persons by as Told

lice, killing adult not only but chicken young his ofto records wife played meet and with concluding lice as they hatch. and handling events chickens. of the in No singing songs, ofher Indian he and for directions Write Feathermite control on archaeologists famous from notes only in original to factory containers sealed Buy us. for played tomtoms andchanted

strength. insure full of the Book divinity the supporting left his friendly. very As wasHe we

place and headed home across the of Mormon. TOBACCO NicotineBYPRODUCTSSpecialists& CHEMICALSince 1885CORPORATION

frozen river in the bright moonlight, I Bound with solid covers, in a sixLOUISVILLE 2 KENTUCKY said, 'You "can't tell me prayers aren't color design making a wonderful gift LOOK FOR THE LEAF ON THE PACKAGE answered.'for any occasion.

That letter is from a pair of missionaries who went out some time ago in Price $1.00. Plus Sales Tax

field obedient, missionthe were and HOTEL LANKERSHIM 7th if ft BROADWAY they the belief thatwith did their UtahSold byandDESEHETIdaho BookBOOKStoresCO. orandmailedother

BATES MODERATE theybest could were humble, and Headquarters in Los Anodes hear postpaid by the publishers—L D.

in Operator their hearts R. WISH ON. of the voice the Lord FRANKS.

directing them what to do. They are RAY H. BECKETT. Manager

LOS ANGELES particuthat the withopening up work PRESS PYRAMID THE TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE Indians, oflar tribe not by my City 2, Utah East Salt Lake S. 2nd direc609

(Concluded on page 332) MAY 1948 331

S. DILWORTH YOUNG his (Heyear.)isn't going home at the end of penses.cutting downPerhapssomethemoregreateston theexhibitex-

(Concluded from page 331 "The way was opened to us to to show for this work is the fact that tion, I assure you, but under the inchange our place of lodging and to find five persons have requested baptism spiration the Lord gives to those who a lovely threeroom apartment comat our hands, and two men who have humbly desire to discover for thempletely furnished for only ten dollars been members of the Church, have reselves by works what he desires. a month,"(They had been paying ten pented of their sins and are earnestly

dollars a week), "living in the house of living the Word of Wisdom and are

T would like to give one more incigood Christian people and every opdesirous of advancing in the priestdent, if I may: We had a missionportunity to preach the gospel to them. hood.

ary go out to stay but a year. He inDuring these three months we have "Two future requests to speak beformed me that he had come out to sold fortyfive copies of the Book of fore large groups of from forty to

get an experience. He didn't want to Mormon and held fiftytwo cottage sixty people on the subject of Morgo through his life and finish his colmeetings. monism. All of these items point to

lege without being able to say that he "We organized a Sunday School with the fact that it can be done if a mishad had a missionary experience. He an attendance of twentyfive persons sionary desires to do the will of his

felt it would do him good. This is there this past Sunday and a promise Father in heaven and realize the hopes

what he writes: of fifteen others that they would start of the folks who send him, and it can

"In these past three months He has attending in the immediate future. Been be done in the period of a few short

abundantly blessed me beyond my invited out to ninety dinners, thus cutmonths."

power of words to express, and a rich ting down our expenses, and also proThose two young brethren, my deep feeling of happiness which I have viding a way that we could preach the friends and fellow workers, are only within me at this moment and which I gospel to them. We have had the foltwo of four thousand who feel just

have enjoyed during this work has lowing items given to us: Thirtythree exactly the same way.

been pay enough for me. May I enuquarts of preserves, ten dozen eggs, May the Lord help us to give them

merate just how He has blessed us and three pies, four cakes, six jars of jams support by our faith and prayers, I what the results are?"and jellies, three cans of honey, thus ask, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

of the gosordinances the laws and VS7e BRUCE R. McCONKIE ing

if pel. press forward and Then we "Welivedwalkedin thebypreexistentsight. We gainedworld.

(Continued from page 295) continue throughout life to keep the knowledge and intelligence, and we the greater light shall receive in less have the greater commandments, degree. or a greater that same obeyed we can

condemnation. (D. 82:3.) & C. in eternity. rest in peace and that same here put us Lord Then the down

When the Resurrected Lord apNow the question naturally arises, mortality, drew a curtain over our peared to the Nephites, he preached to in the light of these principles and docremembrance of preexistence, and them, in purity and in perfection, his trines, "What happens to those who ordained that while here we should everlasting gospel. He gave them, have an opportunity to accept the truth be tried and tested, that we would unamong other things, the Sermon on the in this life, but who fail or neglect to dergo a final examination for all the

Mount, substantially the same as he do it, and who hereafter accept it in life we had lived in that premortal had given it to the Jews, as is recorded the spirit world?"The Lord has given world. He ordained, at the same time,

in the New Testament. But one of the us answer by revelation. Speaking of that this mortal probation would be

additions he made was this: the terrestrial world, he said: These an entrance examination into the king-

... come unto me and be ye saved; for are: domspreparedand inglorieseternity.and worlds that are

verily. that shall unto you, except spirits of the ye kept are men who I far are concerned, as and you Askeep commandments, visited, which I have in prison,.. they myI say the and Son whom is life this at this the time, importhis at time, shallcommanded in you them, that the ye gospel they preached unto

all eternity. the part of have enter Wemost intono case the of heaven. kingdom in to the tant according judged might be men

(Ill Nephi 12:20.) flesh; light and knowledge and revelations of

Who received not the testimony of heaven. This life is the time for us to

HThese revelations divide the heirs of Jesus in the flesh, but afterwards received prepare to meet God, to keep the comsalvation into two classes: first, it. (D. & C. 76:7374.) mandments of God, to hearken to the

those who have opportunity to accept counsels of the living oracles and to to to those Well, and to you, and me in righteousness. press the forward in this gospeland live life—this go, this missionaries our is a whom salvation is to find the all plan of The of themeans Saints Latterday and to

all others who have a sufficient witness great warning. It is a warning that truth; and the Latterday Saints have

the for us to keep comnow is the time it. truth; the It is to accept and foundof Christ of them borne to them—all I of God. do not mandments know of it in the waters accepted haveare under obligation truth to accept the we

here and now, to hearken to the counany reason for believing that a man baptism by covenant, a covenant that sels of the living oracles, and to live who has belonged to this Church, and we will keep the commandments of truth, rebelled the against then has who step is to remaining endure God.according best The to the knowllight and

his forsaken gone has it and own in in righteousness end, wilto and the gives them. If they doedge that God

this they work out their salvation. ful way, will have another chance to faithfulness. Nephi said that repentChrist's that to heir kingdom. be an salvato gate are the baptism and ance other class will of people The who

is lips, fell it that, his as from law, own in the tion, entered that having by and heirs celestial thebe of are kingdom. his the having put to hand man, No straight in the then and gate, are menthose the accepted would have who

fit is for the back, looking plough,.. and eternal to leads which path all narrow theirgospel hearts, with they had 9:62.) of (Luke God. kingdom

life. enSaints Latterday have it here. to opportunity accepthad For We

them, the ordinances of salvation will I do not sit in judgment. Judgment tered in by the gate. We are now on

be performed and they will be heirs of is the Lord's and he will repay. But at the path. It remains for us to press

the kingdom, and with the righteous the same time since these doctrines forward with a steadfastness in Christ, and faithful of this life, will go into have come to us in such great plainhaving a perfect brightness of hope, our Father's kingdom and have eternal ness in this day, we are bound to know and a love of God and of all men. It

rest.We can get, here and now, in this—andthem, tofailinglive insuch,accordancewe will withmeritthemthe ingremainsuponfortheuswordsto pressof Christ,forward,andfeasten-

end, to the dure which if we do, we decreed has whichlife, that peace penalty peace a just God of Christ—the

life. eternal gain sinning will for our disobedience, for our passeth understanding of whichwhich

I do not know that there is anyonePresident Ivins has spoken—by obeyagainst the light.

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

j

satisfaction joy and and BRUCE It. McCONKIE and

life. here and rest and now in this solaceWe

among us, unless he has sinned away can have the guidance of the Holy the opportunity of repentance, who is Ghost, we can make our calling and of startingnot capable from this point election for eternity sure on the one tftMhe LEADER in righteousnessand going forward of and premise keeping the commandments truth and gaining the celestial kingdom of God.

of heaven. The gospel course is either Now

hard or easy, depending upon whether the Let us the conclusion of hear whole love the Lord. not dowe love If we

matter: Fear and God, keep his commandit thethe hard and seem Lord may

is for this the ments: of whole duty man.

Ifcourse love rugged. seem may we (Ecc. 12:13.)

the Lord and desire to keep his commandments, then his yoke is easy, and In the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ.

his burden is light. We can have peace Amen. f Ride

GREYHOUND CLIFFORD E. YOUNG progress,portunities,in inall somethe presentdayof the fundaop-

{Concluded from page 289) mental concepts. It is just as wrong

having opportunities the like of which today to steal as it was four thouThe leader—GREYHOUNDtravel for gives more you your It cergeneration. never sand in our years had the agowe when Lord

dollar! CONVENIENCE MORE is thrilling livetainly to his It time is great a and yet, gave commandment.

every-...with schedules frequent

I sisters, just as brethren have to and wontoday adultery wrong commitmy where. COMFORT... MORE if field this It in is times great as it just then.dered as was tomany wrong buses. finer smoothriding withof it physical progress are keeping violate the to day as we Sabbath day DEPENDABILITY...with MORE I this spiritually. It is to conled just then.pace as important was am today drivers. highlytrained, courteous

experiofclusion the that because of some should his honor honor God, we Greyhound And remember—girls it, havareences that and our boys holy name, not his profane keep in Courtesy! Leads

ing and some of the things that are holy day as it was four thousand years coming to light of their experiences. ago. These things never change. It is For the best in bus transportation, see your

One of our boys recently came home just as right and proper that we should nearest Overland Greyhound Agent today!

from Japan, and when I interviewed him honor virtue, that we should honor for a mission, he said frankly, "Brother womanhood as we were taught cenOVERLAND to I find here harder turiesYoung, things ago. it much change. never These G R EYH LINES it than I temptation I foundwithstand so, repeat, sisbrethren and And my

by LINES INTERSTATE TRANSIT In interviewing some ters, allover in Tokyo."of the great with opportunities and PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED OperatedUNION

of these boys we find that they are we have before us, the opportunities lacking some of the parental care that that our boys and girls have, it is a doubtless have should and they did glorious live, to age in which one that Here's Your CHECK CHART I ago. generation have a am wonderbrings happiness, the keep comif we

frank as are parents ing whether we that thrills us mandments, one because if our with and girls, boys enough we of the great opportunities, yet, for FINE BISCUITS// and take them into our confidence, if we with it all we must also keep pace spirare not relying too much on this mechitually and not forget some of these anical age, for which we are truly fundamental concepts that are always grateful, for their spiritual strength, true and will never change. So I refor the parental counsel that they need. peat again, we need to go back to some

It seems to me that this is one field of of the old customs of fathers and 1 TendrJ Cramy toioi p our activity that we need to emphasize mothers sitting down with their chil-.Good Flavor 1—

more strongly than ever before. Our dren and talking through some of the

help. our girls need and boys that youth. They problems confront our Our

they guidance; need our to know need girls help. boys and not YCS on every count when you need our I am

some of the pitfalls that may confront one that would say to a boy or a girl, bake the Clabber Girl way with their experiences; they in and them not "You're to the worthy to go temClabber Girl, the baking powder talked about to very frankly be need to I ple,"say, but "You're would

some of their sex problems, my brethnot quite prepared. Let us sit down with balanced double action

ren and sisters, the field that we seem together and see if we cannot help you Ask Mother, She Knows.,

to avoid. We need parents to sit down to become prepared."It may take six

girls to their and boys and warn with it or a year, the but months may take that are every of dangers on them fact that our not boys and girls be r tzy-: -S may

T:.i.A relieve us of the not does hand. There is no change, in all this prepared

<.-... responsibility thing of the doing we /n<, lltlni #****"t

our youth to beshould do of helping for the of problems come prepared life D-.... *""""

and for the great spiritual opportunities that are theirs in this great Church M to which we belong. h:xi

May God help us that we may have wisdom in the direction of our youth, t* 1 in helping them in their problems and above all of having a sympathetic unGood Housekeeping M'-ziPS---.-----

derstanding of them and what they "wteiistoV* * have to face, and may he sanctify to our spiritual growth the great opportunities with which we are surrounded, CLABBER GIRL these glorious physical opportunities, I humbly pray, in the name of Jesus.

Amen. I88A,MAY 1948 333 GEORGE F. RICHARDS cause,land, notthatonlytheyin theshouldgoodsprosperof this inworld,the robbedWill me.a manBut yerobsay,God?WhereinYet yehavehavewe

(Concluded from page 276) but as recipients of spiritual blessings. Dr. robbed thee? In tithes and offerings.

for curse: are rewith cursed a ye well address very Bowerman's Ye was all for things depend we wewhom

this nation. me, robbed even have of the whole considered ceived most and one was life this in in the to receive and hope

all tithes into the storeBring the of the scholarly convention. addresses ye

us, it of life to has asked and come, in that there house, be the meat mine not has Methodist Church While may even commanded it of us, should have adopted the tithing system to raise funds house, and prove me now herewith, saith a strong appeal to all members. for its support, the plan was sanctioned the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you

at the national convention of Methodists the windows of heaven, and pour you out a

If thou lovest me thou shalt serve me and in Indianapolis, according to the Rev. A. blessing, that there shall not be room

keep all my commandments. (D. & C. M. Fisher of Pasadena, California. Mr. enough to receive it. (Malachi 3:6-10.)

42:29.) Fisher said that this system was right and But in every nation he that feareth him,

is righteousness, worketh and accepted as the inasmuch Church now it, successful receiveth that doeth and law my He it is with him. (Acts 10:3435.) satisfactory finanin employing most

is disciple; saith that the he and same my It cial states, circumstances. the was, he

it, it not, receiveth the he doeth same and representative held gathering in most the of ever promises The to Lord made shall is disciple, cast not out be and my interest the of the Methodist Church. Israel all will ancient alike to apply

41:5.) you. (D. from C. among &

his nations will and people obey who is reforming having a Mormonism that there laws one stood them and commandments. among And influence the religions of the upon like said those unto unto God, andwas

is old, tithing world. of as as law The will him: with were down, gowho Wehe Christ Latterof Church of 'T'he Jesus just, true, as as of other and any law is there, will for there take space and we

of these materials, and we will make an the gospel. day Saints is destined to bless and

earth whereon these may dwell; The nature of the covenant entered reform the whole world. It is intended

And we will prove them herewith, to into in the waters of baptism is that eventually to correct all the great evils see if they will do all things whatsoever we will keep all the commandments of of society, and lift mankind to a highthe Lord their physically, er plane of living morally, God shall command them. God, one of which is tithing.

3:2425.) (Abraham It is spiritually. and cause in a worthy

is in law, irrevocably decreed There a to engaged, which for be and which until But he that not doeth anything he this the of before foundations world, heaven to talents, is time, spend our our our receiveth and commanded, and a commandblessings predicated are which upon it It is doubtful with heart,ment keepeth and greatest the means. reform moveblessing obtain from any when And allwe

is slothfulness, thewith (D. damned. same is It age. of the to sucment bound it is that to God, obedience law upon by 58:29.) C.& it is ceed, for true founded and upon it is 130:20predicated. (D. C. which &

... be faithful, keep my commandments, 21.) correct principles, revealed anew from

heaven. inheritand ye shall the kingdom of heavIf tithing tembe regarded as a mayen. (D. 6:37.) & C. Those who give aid to its establishporal the law, then the of observance

Therefore, if any man shall take of the law of tithing should bring temporal ment, its growth, and its accomplishwill in ment, surely the share honor and Iabundance impart which made, have and blessings. of have such promise We glory of such cause. noble his a portion,not to the according of law to Israel. blessings ancient made

gospel, the needy, unto poor and hemy all are for candidates the blessWe shall, lift in the his with wicked, eyes up I I Lord, the not; therechange For am ings life of eternal in exaltation and

hell, in being torment. 104:18.) (D. C. 6 fore of sons are not consumed. Jacob ye the line of direct kingdom God. The

of the fathers days from your Even ye is that to goal the through observance is accomplishing Church The are from wonordinances, mine gone and away tithing of the of law and every making them. not kept tithes me, have unto Returnders offerings the and today with and

I will return saith you, unto the Lordof its members. A more wonderful

said, shall But ye of MaysacrificeGodthehelpgospelus to entailsthis end,uponI pray,us. Wherein we recould be accomplished,work and the hosts.

poor of the Church be better cared for, turn? in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

if the members were all to pay an honest tithe, hence our appeal at this time. wisdom and understanding came from

LEVI EDGAR YOUNG the works of God."D eligionists of other denominations

are taking cognizance of the way (Concluded [rom page 290) Be ye therefore perfect, even as your the law of the tithe is being observed it plays an important part in our spirFather which is in heaven is perfect. (Matin the Church of Jesus Christ of Latteritual stature. Else why should the thew 5:48.)

effects beneficial and itsday Saints to activity intelligence, of divine the powfurther this express idea by We may the members andboth the Church who er to think have been and reason, that cresaying intellectual all the acquisiobserve to keep the law. ated? Intellectual effort is not contions, all the facilities which society

The Deseret News, reporting the demned in the search for spiritual truth, puts at the disposal of manschools, proceedings of the annual Baptist state for our spiritual growth, our religion universities, libraries, laboratories, all convention, September 23, 1915, said: have their roots in the deepest aspirathings offered by religion, all the octions of man. casions given him to develop his own

address feature of by today was an A divine are deeply the words aptitude, his leisure, his work, How all must

L. pastor Dr. S. Bowerman,the Rev. of of said: Smith Joseph when he considered as be tools destined by him this city, of Baptist Churchthe Immanuel

on "Tithing, The Minimum Basis of Givto improve his personality, his moral ing."He strongly advocated the ten perThe glory of God is intelligence, or, in self, and to make him feel the divine

cent tithing system, as it obtains in the other words, light and truth. (D. & C. 93: purpose of God. If the moral law and

Mormon Church, remarking, incidentally, 36.) true religion dominate the world tofully religious the as as to be ought will"We the right day, road mankind be on principle of intelligence Whatever weMormons."atto the winning of peace happiness and life, it tain will to in this in the rise with us the of "Since Abraham, a thousand days for humanity. resurrection. (Ibid., 130:18.) said born,"Dr. beforeyears Moses was

Bowerman, "the tithing system was inWherefore I put thee in remembrance augurated, and so took the precedence of These words inspired the Prophet that thou stir up the gift of God, which is the Mosaic law."The speaker traced the Joseph to establish in his day schools of in thee by the putting on of my hands.

the tithing ofhistory the through system spirit the hath given us not of For God learning, university. a even and He

its endorseand showedOld Testament fear; of of power, love, of but a and and the study of the ancient advocated his in closing the Testament,ment New 1:6-7.) mind. sound (II Timothy all classics, of the learning of the the promisesaddress showing by of God

to the individual and the nation who paid world. No other American ever adBlessed is the nation whose God is the

tithing to his service, and for his vocated education as he did, for his Lord. (Psalm 33:12.)

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA yourself, ask "Will MARK E. PETERSEN you or Harry?"Dick And thenit be youTom tellor FOR A SUMMER

{Continued from page 284) yourself that you like Tom better than they include drinking and unwise parHarry, and Jane better than Elizabeth. WELL SPENT—

tying, as well. And when you start goAnd why do you like them better?

ing with people who do those things, Because you know them better. And

it will not be very long before you are how did you get to know them better? doing the same things they are, and in Because they are in the crowd you go Brigham Young

that way the cigaret lays the foundawith; you know, the smoking crowd.

tion on which you form other evil And they do the things that you do.habits. They are like you. Why, you would University

If you are going to be a smoker, you not even think of marrying one of your realize that you are breaking one of former friends in the nonsmoking the of commandments God, and ridiculous! you crowd. Why, How he Summer School it. feel not aboutdo good know You not would not smoke with you—would that over in the they ward speak about even take a cocktail, and he would

the Word of Wisdom every once in not neck, and he would not pet, and Wide variety of undergraduwhile, thata are and a smoker now you he not around. party would Why, ate and graduate courses likeyou to not hear do the about not them! you would one of marry

of by Wisdom. have heard strong resident andWord You to are going one of marry your taught You

all about it your life, and you do visiting faculty. of crowd, crowd. one the smoking not own

want your conscience to hurt you any And then, if you want to sit down toit alreadymore than does, so you tell gether and together you can, smoke yourself had better stay you and there away is no embarrassment—so you SPECIAL FEATURES

from your meetings. You begin to tell yourself. There is nobody to get FAMILY LIFE INSTITUTE...

realize that for a Latterday Saint, after you if you fill the house full of worship and smoking just do not go tobacco smoke, and no one to nag at AUDIOVISUAL EDUCATION

...together. And so the cigaret persuades you if your cigaret burns a hole in WORKSHOP

if overstuffed, or drop youyou to stay away from church. the hot BAND AND ORCHESTRA CLINIC ashes rug. cigaret your So on the new

XTThen you were small, your parents has helped to choose the kind of person taught you to pray, and you you marry. INSTITUTE OF STUDENT PERSONall or less withprayed regularity more... NEL GUIDANCE kind of have? will you home life. that a VC7hatyour But you are now

faith will not v "There feel be much ofsmoker, out with you harmony in it, DRAMA AND PUBLIC SPEAKING the Lord and you hesitate to go to because the cigarets have already unINSTITUTE...

him in prayer. dermined your faith. And you will not

You begin to discover that, for a say very many prayers because the TENTH ANNUAL MUSIC FESTIVAL

Latterday Saint, cigarets undermine cigarets have taken care of that, too.

faith and interfere with prayer. And And there will not be much Church

as a child who has been hurt avoids activity in your house, because the FIRST TERM the instruments which hurt him, so you cigarets have checked that off also. So JUNE 7 -JULY 16

with a smarting conscience shy away you will have a worldly home with from your religious duties. You have precious little of spirituality in it. Is SECOND TERM

come to know that spirituality and that really the kind of home you want? JULY 19AUGUST 21

smoking are incompatible. And so the Will you have any children in that

cigaret persuades you to stop praying. home? If you are like many of the Write the Dean For A Catalog

Your parents also taught you to pay smoking young people of today, you tithing on everything you earned, but will not have any children. One of

now that you do not go to church very them recently said, "Why a sqawkingoften and you are not very proud of kid would cramp my style! Do you Brigham Young

your Church connections, you stop paythink I am going to stay up and walk ing your tithing. "What is the use?"the floor in the middle of the night

in with squealing a arms? baby my tithask yourself. say,you "This You

that for of the University me."so None And quite itself woulding money a buy few

cigarets; they cost real money these cigaret may help to rob you of one PROVO, UTAH

days."Rather an expensive habit you of the greatest blessings that God gives

have picked up! And so the cigaret us in this life: The privilege of having

persuades you to stop paying your little children.

tithing. But suppose by some chance you do

will they be old to get have enough you get When children—what like? IPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS like you. they will be just Why, Theymarried, yourself, ask you "Whom

shall I marry?"If you are a boy you will not believe very much in God, Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

say, "Will it be Helen or Jane or because you will not make religion sore throat and other minor mouth

Elizabeth?"And if you are a girl, very important in their lives. They will and throat irritations.

not say very many prayers because you will not teach them how. And EVENING AT will not they beChurch go to much HALL'S

get cause they do not. Salt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah you when And S. Dustin Edna By

a little older, they will acquire the

Mother that habits of Day descends her skyother have, and they youThe Your nonmember friends and neighbors floor blue just like you. the about will be So

Leading her precious, wilful child to bed cigaret determines in large measure the will enjoy lingers, portieres as across she drawsWho children will of kind have. you the door;

not see, people young you Do of the THE IMPROVEMENT ERA then the goodnessShe from cups Milky

Way, and Day is fed Church, how the cigarets can mark out The ERA has thousands of nonmember life for the your path in stars tucked of a quilt bed beneathAnd for readers. you—point

till follow? to trundle her as Mother you Are you, youngTo sleep, lets down

bars. {Concluded on page 336) Subscriptions are $2.50 Foreign $3.00

MAY 1948 335 MARK E. PETERSEN T onceasked readthis anquestion:advertisement"How wouldwhich wouldcan neverlike liveyousuccessfullyto. But remember,without youthe

(Concluded from page 335) you like to live in a town in which Lord. So many have tried, and all have

Americans, willing to surrender to the there were no churches?"And then it failed.

tyranny of a cigaret? Are you willing listed the crime and the violence and And so I come back to the question

to allow a cigaret to determine in such the debauchery and the filth and the with which I began: Have you ever

large measure the kind of life you are heartbreak and the sorrow and the disreally considered what a cigaret means going to live? Are you going to allow appointment associated with persons to a Latterday Saint? You who smoke

a cigaret to choose the kind of friends who reject the soulelevating, characnow, do not make the mistake of supyoumarry—evenhave, the thekindkindof personof childrenyou youwill terbuildingWould you influencelike to liveof intruea religion.town in posingbecausethatit isthenot.ChurchIt onlyis desiresagainst youryou,

may have? Are you, as a young Latterwhich there were no churches? Bring welfare, and it hopes and prays for the

day Saint, willing to allow a cigaret it right down to your own case and ask day when you will declare your into determine your attitude toward yourself about it. Would you like to dependence from the slavery of nicoGod? live a life in which there was no relitine. And you who do not smoke, beLet me ask you one other thing: gion? Do you really want the degradfore you take that first cigaret ask

What do you think of religion, anying influence of the irreligious? That yourself, "Will it help me or hurt me?"

way? Is it worth while? Is it worth influence is just as deadly for an inThink it over carefully, and may God

the trouble we go to? Does it do any dividual as it is for a whole town. guide you in your thinking, I earnestly

good in the world? Or would we be Choose for yourself: Do you want pray for you, in the name of Jesus

better off without it? to live a life without God? The cigaret Christ. Amen.

MULEK OE ZARAHEMLA theof kings.acknowledgedMoroni wasleaderyoung;of a longhe himline anymeeting.referenceHe wasto Mulek'sfar too wisehavingto failedmake

(Continued from page 297) self was younger still. Moroni was to stay with the cause he had espoused.

"\17hen he heard Zorah's heartfelt wellproportioned and good to look at. Mulek spoke civilly to him, and briefly,

""praise of Moroni, his first reacMulek was considered the most prefor he did not like the man. But Pachus

tion was one of surprise. Then, as he possessing young man in Zarahemla. would not be put off.

govspeaker. do you think forceful of the new "What a Moroni He was time a longthought about it—and ernor?"asked. he only forceful; himself not he was was experof thoughthe little else—hefor having but slightly, learned; him also eloquent. "I know Moroni was envy, sense of overpoweringienced an

of jealousy, even, and of bitterness. so was he. Mulek's rancor grew until traveled a different road, but he is

Was he never to be free of this sense it hurt. perhaps as competent to judge as any.

of his inferiority? Was he always to Unable to find the solution he None can deny that he knows the

be reminded, in one way or another, of courted, unable to remain longer in the law."Pachus considered a moment.

the popularity of the captain? inaction of the city of Mulek, he at "To judge, yes,"he responded, "to

He could not remember when he had once returned to the capital, hoping judge. It is true he is acquainted with

ever wanted anything with half the that there something might happen to the law, none better. But how to govfierceness of his desire for the boatresolve his doubts and remove his disern?"Mulek frowned.

maker's kinswoman. He desired her quiet. He had as yet no plans, but he "I do not know what you mean,"

more than he would have thought it did have a purpose. He would find a he complained. "Is it not to govern to

possible to desire anything. way to win Zorah's approval, and with judge?"

Under ordinary circumstances he good fortune, her affection. "By no means,"ejaculated Pachus

would have been content to wait, to promptly and emphatically. "To judge,

the him; awaiting on "Testiny was his his influence, his name, of the law.use and a knowledge one needs To

Zarato his return of *- very day a to with to him, but requireswealth govern win her a knowledge of men woman like this he did not know what hemla Chief Judge Nephihah died, an and wide experience. These are not

to do. old man full of honor, and was learned in the same school nor often

Mulek considered himself a wise mourned by the people. He was buried found in the same man."

man, and certainly he had learned with ceremonies that told of the na- "There is more both before and much from experience as well as from tion's profound regard. after this,"Mulek guessed shrewdly,

study. What he did not realize was Within a few days public announce- "and I for one will have nothing to do

that there were countless forces, issues, ment was made that his son Pahoran with it."

chief judge and as to him succeed was nothingprinciples, of which he knew influence imof and you a man "And heard land. People the over governor told all, about as haveat he could much "Is no amazed. portance?"Pachus was it, went and on the news, commented matters.other in interest naour to have enough one as choice a as their good ways. It was designabout everything a knew He affairs tion's those to to thought give

any. an nothing abouting he knew woman; will administer them? I am who along walking was last day Mulek the One to one.unspoiled knew He astounded. acentirely by street he met, its if the when not of money, thesenine power

on your "Let memory me refresh seen not cident, he had an acquaintance fact that of the ignorantvalue; he was

that facts you, better of history certain Pachus, was for a long time. His name wealth was peoplethere were to whom

relatively unimportant, and who would and he had been among those followers than most, should know, and knowing, put forth little effort to obtain it. He of Amalickiah who, beaten in battle, consider.

governof the the amnesty accepted intrigue; he in use of the masterwas a anyour a9when to keep the pledge years took ment and one but there that the "1\AANY was unawarewas

in this cestor Zarahemla was king peace. and unreasonableness to theapproach

sweetness of the unstudied and sponPachus was a man of ordinary apvery city, Mosiah First, and a handful taneous motives, the inherent yearnpearance and ordinary faculties with of followers came into the capital from they of had Nephi, the whence land superalmost exceptions: so these he was heart. of Knowing theings human

I outcasts. not driven as do been know almost cunning. naturally He could so little. that forgot he knew hemuch,

it, but did he or magic means by what could thoughts. another's read conHe Moroni! Moroni! Always He

sidered it all again. What did Moroni probe a matter to its center. He was Mosiah gained ascendancy over Zarahave that he did not have? The name full of restless energy, admired by hemla, the king.

Mulek sounded as well as the name many, trusted by few, loved by none. "That day the line of Zarahemla,

Moroni. Moroni sprang suddenly He inquired with seeming casualness descendant of Zedekiah, was broken.

from an obscure family. Mulek was into Mulek's doings since their last The true kings have been common men

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ever since, and you, my unfortunate title of governor, nor did Alma. This

friend, are one of them."sudden accession of titles and power

Mulek was by that time listening does not sit well. It strikes at the very

with greedy interest and was impafoundations of the institution of freespeaking.tient the other stopped dom."when

this he urged. "All I know,""What "Have not the people agreed to it?"JhsL

is there more?""What people? A few have signified

"When Mosiah died, his son Benjatheir agreement, as a few would apmin became king in his place. Now, I prove the burning of their own homes.do not say that King Benjamin was not There are many others who are open DESERET

a good king, but at the same time I do in their displeasure."

contend that there were others who "Open, you say? Then it is not

might have been quite as good. King treason they contemplate?"NEWSBenjamin lived to a ripe old age, and Pachus became monstrously indighis son, Mosiah II, ruled in his stead. nant. He bristled up.

"The second Mosiah reigned thirty- "Treason? Who talks of treason?three years. One day his four sons, May not men speak of the welfare PRESS

Amnion, Aaron, Omner, and Himni, of their sacred nation without being asked permission to go on a mission to called traitors? What a pass is it comthe Lamanites, that they might preach ing to! Treason? Is it more treasonable

to them. The king granted their refor one to inquire into his people's case

quest, and they went up to the land than for another to exercise powerof Nephi and there remained fourteen without sanction of law?"COMMERCIAL

years. Had this not happened, Aaron, "I had not thought of it."

in all probability there son, are secondthe would many others who "And AND EDITION it."successor the of not thought to his fahave becomehave

ther, for Ammon was wholly devoted "I do not doubt there is much reasonto the ministry. in what you say. Are there, do you PRINTERS AND

"When Mosiah became faced with think, many who are of this mind?"

his in rule "I numbers, of someone tothe problem do not know of large do. to uncertain only to BOOK BINDERS what next of prominence,place, and he was many

What would happen when his sons reyourself in station, who earnestly talk turned and found a stranger on the of these matters. Had he not added PAPER RULING

throne? Would they not cause civil the title of governor, it might have

war in having him deposed? That is passed, but where is it to end? His

what the king feared, and fearing it, he grandfather was a farmer; his father,

proposed that a system of judges be chief judge. He is governor. Will his

provided to take the place of the rule son, perhaps, be king?"Mulek was

of the kings. The people liked the startled.

idea and voted to adopt it. "King?"ft fofeiilonai

"A young man named Alma was "Who can say?"

chosen to be the first chief judge. Alma,;;King!"

responsibility the held a double "It washowever, word I used."and Jocial

trust. generations!"three was already "In Heand a double

high priest over all the Church. In "While all the time we have among

consequence of this, the burden being us royal blood from the old world."S5ta,L\ioneft

too great, he relinquished the judgment- "King!"Mulek kept repeating the

seat to this Nephihah who has just word as if it fascinated him.

passed away.""I trust I never live to see it."

"Yes, all this I know,"replied Mulek "A king, Pachus?"

upstart king! Right "but what is the point ofthoughtfully, fool, an "Nay, king 29 RICHARDS STREET the rightful willingly I seeit all?"would

"There are two points,"Pachus rule over this nation."

responded, holding up two fingers. "The matter can be settled by the"The first is that this system of judges people?"PHONE 4 -5521

was but a temporary measure, a thing "Nay, 'can'is the wrong word;

which you and many another seem to 'must'is the better one."

have missed. It was not intended that "If it is so determined, then is he not

the kings be done away forever; noguilty of treason but is rightfully the

where is it so stated. king."

"That is the first point. The second

realized that he had suddenly "Rulek judges the granting that is that, even that others loudly, speaking A been there no "* was to be permanent, (Skilled Hands *sm MBwere mention of a governor."were listening. He blushed and lowered "But did not Nephihah govern?"his voice. Mean Higher Pay,

"Yes, after a manner of speaking, "Nay, Mulek, fear not to shout it but never did he call himself by the out. It is thus we shall make known our desires.We have talked long enough

at this time, but do you consider rightly of this business. Upon our next meettraining has it Quish further."ing shall discuss As we

to thou-- dividends to go, added, in he turned Pachus Students a wu /JJJs <sandspaid lower tone, "There is in all this land ceive intensive trainingrebut one whose wealth, breeding, posi- 'Underexperts..Enroll,supervisionanytime.of

tion, attainments, and blood entitle him SEND FOR FREE CATALOG.

this nation."turned of throne the to He

OIL. left the standing aside on and Mulek \W?l BERUfV3'3S'.S0UTKSCHOOL ".CULTUREMAIN staring after stupidly him. street,

(To be continued).

MAY 1948 337

is like shalt unto it, Thou as thyself. (Matthew DAVID 0. McKAY ingmightin theirof minehearts,hand"myhavepowergot andme thisthe loveAndthytheneighboursecond

(Continued from page 273) wealth,"and even deny the Christ who 22:3739.)

let us that them, redeemed confidence are corrupt? so remember when men

learn authentic from sources We still that ten if times of nations that or three, number or I answer even two that communistic countries, operating in profess believe to indiin of score themselves and a prove even God men from behind "iron the curtain"accuse vidual freedom. are dishonest not wicked, and we

countries, democratic particularly and all justified in losing in confidence men. three in These God principles—faith the States, United virtually of every are upright people honorable and Christ of as the of Savior political moral and crime under the think I like to to desirous that—and in fellow ourMost—men—acceptancemen—confidence sun. is democracy as described Our an

are summed up by the Savior as folinstrument to enslave people. and to to... love mercy, do justly, and lows: Such slander has been compared to with thy walk 6:8.) humbly (Micah God.

Even if international leaders of a with.. all. Thouthy heart,shalt loveand thewithLordall thythy soul,God Youslugs maythat killcrawlthem,overbutourtherecabbages.is still

nation or of five nations disavow their and with all thy mind. the slime.

Creator, and that's what they are sayThis is the first and great commandment.

The surest method against such slander is to live it down in perseverance in well doing, and by prayer to God that he would cure the distempered mind of those who traduce and injure us.

To the Church today are applicable the words of the Savior:

Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven, (Mat.

5:16.) FAVORITE Winning new customers every

If we would face the future, no matday because of its merit. ter what it may be, with calmness of

spirit, with an assurance that God governs in the affairs of men, let us as individuals and as a group live exemplary lives.

Let us see to it that the social evils now rampant in the world that bring such sorrow and degradation to mankind, that spread sorrow and misery throughout the world are reduced to a minimum in our own communities; for

example, there is too much drunkenness, too much unchastity. The excessive consumption of intoxicating

liquors in this state is a reflection upon all.

To curtail those evils, to spread love and peace, brotherly kindness throughout the world is our paramount duty.

If we succeed to a commendable degree, we can say to the world—unof our life is best "Come, because way PROFITABLE TRAINING itbelievers, scoffers, and all others, best. people are efficient, works Our

for Veterans and prosperous,a body whoandaidhappyone becauseanother wein arethe productive life. We waste none of our

in vice, ostentaluxury, or not dissipate our do energy Returned Missionaries tion.substanceWe

in brawling, gambling, or unwholesome

Intensive, practical business training is one of the habits. We conserve our resources of

surest, quickest roads to good starting positions in either body and mind and devote them to the upbuilding of the kingdom of God, business or civil service fields. The L. D. S. Business which is not a mystical but a real

College is fully approved for G. I. training... and natedkingdom.by idealsIt is a ofbodyproductivity,of people whichdomireturned missionaries have the advantage of special is mutual service. We do not strive

for the things for satisfy the but which taste. leave and then tuition rates. moment a bad

Write /or full information We strive for the things which build us up, and enable us and our children to be strong, to flourish, and to conquer. We strive to make ourselves

worthy to receive the world by fitting L.D.S. Business College ourselves to use the world more probelieve that We

toobedience 70 North Main Salt Lake City Tel. 3-2765 ductivelyobedience thanto Godothers.means

the laws of nature, which are but the:

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA manifestations of his will; and we try church or otherwise, in the administration Tn all phases of the work we seek to

the of plan. Church one has anything No the painstaking to acquire study by give to those receive assistance who in to gain or lose a material by way exact of complete most knowledge and any the help, to opportunity to manage, and relief which he plan. the extend under may will, that that in order may conwe distribute to the that among needy carrying Those it out neither friends have

it."ourselves to form is theirs. which princrowning to reward The to nor enemies punish.

terrible world faces The a crisis—a

is crisis. given for Opportunity men to pathyThis thatputsisintowholesomethe relieffora personalall, and tendssymChurchciple is thatthat eachof whichman shallhe giveis capableto the

choose wisely and live, or disregard the to prevent imposition and overreaching. and in return be assured of the assistMaster's teachings and die. Down There is an infinity of difference between ance that he needs.

the flour of sack that through over the comes the ages come resounding the back second need, that for The encouragefence from next your door neighbor and cry of Joshua opportunity, direction, and a ment and is that sent sack to from you Washington.

another problem. But usually one the giver, hallows The and raises and poses... this will choose ye day you whom

is there training, in each group, Church inspires, the with love human. and symserve;.. but house, as and for me my

it, experience, sufficient pathy to education behind and him thankfully eats who will the serve Lord. (Joshua 24:15.) we

it; the other debauches the hand which encourage and direct toward a more

And the thrilling words of Peter doles out that which is not his, and empermanent solution than that afforded when commanded not to speak at all, bitteis and enslaves him who with maledicby supplying only food, clothing, and nor to teach in the name of Jesus: tions devours it. (President J. Reuben housing on an emergency basis.

Clark, Jr., Estes Park Discussion.) (Concluded on page 340)

... Whether it be right in the sight of

God to hearken unto you more than unto

God, judge ye.

For we.cannot but speak the things

which we have seen and heard. (Acts 4:

1920.) THIRD ANNUAL The choice today is between dictatorship with the atheistic teachings of

communism, and the doctrine of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ, obedience to which alone can make us free. Utah Writers'Conference

God bless the Church, particularly our young people are going who to In addition to experts of the regular USAC staff, its maintain fastandards. bless God

thers and mothers who instil this faith the following visiting writers and critics will particiin the hearts of children and proclaim it throughout the world, I pray in the pate:

name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

PETER VIERICK, Poet HENRY D. MOYLE

{Continued from page 285) WILBUR LANG SCHRAMM, Short Story opportunity and encouragement and direction. and Nonfiction Writer and Critic

Through the consecrated efforts of of the both the membership Church needs be met. care GRANT H. REDFORD, Short Story Writer may effectively The

of the needy is the concern of every

Carefully member. planned programs E. SORENSEN, Novelist of production conservation are VIRGINIA and

designed to meet the first need. It is a

us sight among common to see men of Daily lectures and workshop sessions. Manuscript stavarious vocations and economic

tions working together early of a criticism.

morning or late of an evening in the field, or in the cannery without thought Recreation events are planned to help make the Conof material recompense. ference enjoyable.

The products of their labors are gathered into local bishops'storethere, houses, wise, inspired and under

This event is held in connection with the USAC Sumleadership, the best possible use is made of these supplies without the mer School. Hundreds of undergraduate and graduate

usual costs of distribution. courses in 50 departments of instruction are available in

We seek constantly to be on hand, summer. First Session: June 7 - July 16; Second Session:

in out, and day to meet promptly day efficiently any emergency and among July 19 - August 20.

our people. We hope never to have on

hand too little or be too late in its distribution. For full information on Writers'Conference, please address

The cardinal commandment is "Love as neighbour thy welfare thyself."Our

characterized has been work by one of PROFESSOR IRA N. HAYWARD

our leaders, as a "neighbor to neighbor plan."I quote his words: UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

is carried All welfare work out with LOGAN, UTAH fairness discriminawithout and justice, and tion, fear, or favor. There are no politics,

-MAY 1948 339 disciple, thy to the of Behold for he requirements meet the Then saith law HENRY D.MOYLE to disciple that mother! hour that from And assistold age pensions and maximum

(Concluded from page 339) ance. took her unto his own home. (John 19:25We can never get away from the Children are not always conscious 27.)

fundamental differences that exist in that in this they have been guilty of the dispositions and needs of people. a double error: first, in unjustly enWe cannot as children ignore our

And because all cases are handled by riching themselves out of the lifetime obligations to our parents by passing local ecclesiastical officers on a symsavings of their parents; and secondly, responsibility for their care to others.

pathetic basis, a permanent solution to in shirking a sacred obligation to care Inherent in the welfare program of the ills which caused the need can for their parents. The magnitude of the Church is this fundamental teachoften be effected. the offense increases when the fact is ing. And through its facilities proviThere is ordinarily a very fine marappreciated that we have received sion is made so that no child need iggin between success and failure. Frefrom the Lord a divine command to nore his or her sacred obligation, and

quently a friendly hand, a kind sugtake care of our own. Paul said: no aged parent need be shunted or put

gestion, a charitable deed avoids the on public assistance.

his for provide But not if any and own, best. the worst produces one and No

to the seek avoid for pubneed specially for those his of house, he own We his selfrespect thus loses helped or is faith, the hath lic denied than for worse those and charity whom we love, progress. his his retains desire to He infidel. (I an 5:8.) Timothy obligated. deeply are to we whom Weand to ambition the is soon and on way

refrain indebtedness to endeavor from assist helped. others, as he eyen was that believe charity begin must We obligations meet. cannot and we We is another important problem There at to charitable be home. hope Can we fully to every meet commitment aim in this of connection, deep a problem if to the stranger not love does abound consecration our of made. Through It significance. truthreligious be can in in the family? sure direcstep the A initiative labors, individual through in fully said of both and men women tion in of progress improvement and effort, consideramutual through and Latterof Christ the of Church Jesus lives share our comes when own we tion helpfulness, the motivated and by their that Saints they do not do day their in with or father dependmother spirit to Christ, sought the of have we all full are not as long duty, so means their in ence shared as us they with fruits assist another. have one The father, brother or shared with mother years. productive selfreliance, faith, independence, been sister, in daughter need. or or son life, his in Jesus, not did overlook in family pride selfaccomplishment, said should could be upon and Much this last principle. his Practically true solidarity, love, appreciation one and it in this subject appears a day when in act existence to provide mortal was for another. nation the to to popular throughout be his for mother:

do what can be done by sons and Surely there is need for this in the daughters to qualify aging parents for Now there stood by the cross of Jesus world today. Surely its necessity is

public relief. Some go to the extent of his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary enjoined in the Master's direction,

In no other way encouraging parents to deed to their thedalene.wife of Cleophas, and Mary Mag- "Feed my sheep."

to they acchildren to bring the property pass which God's can we hope his mother, Jesus therefore saw When in their to productive earth years usher quired and here upon the disciple by, for and standing he purposes whom protectionage—all to andbettersecurityprepareinthetheirparentsold beholdloved, hethy saithson! unto his mother, Woman, inamonga reignmen. of peace and good will

those that shall lift are all the Cursed up divided testimony has Smith's Joseph theanointed, saith heel against mine into the world two camps. MIITON R. HUNTER Whenever he is being considered, there is no Lord (D. & C. 121:7, 8, 11, 16.)

(Continued page 293) from neutral stand. to upon ground which shall of earth after inquire the ends The bring trying of the to point him to are that claims people His so vital shall fools thee thy in and name, have

finally his death. This fact they about their either in entirety accept them hell shall derision, thee; against and rage

to bringing accomplished him by reservations reject a without or flatly in heart, the wise, the pure and While the early as grave. 1834 martyr's As are individuals, however, them. There shall the virtuous, the noble, seek and and

first of almost an innumerable proceswho are completely indifferent to his counsel, and authority, and blessings consion of books, written by evil people claims, and ofttimes to religion in genstantly from under thy hand.

inspired by the devil for the purpose eral. Those individuals must be classed And thy people shall never be turned

of destroying the Prophet, his influwith the group that reject Joseph's against thee by the testimony of traitors.

ence, and the work of the Lord, came claims.

.. of press. these books thefrom Each are thy days years known, and Thy entire the course throughout Thus of shall less; therefore,.not fear be numbered the shortlived; of buthas been work this years, prethan one hundred more not for do, shall what can with men be God his of glory the honor and andGod diction uttered Prophet by the Joseph forever (Ibid., ever. 122:1-3, you and 9.) willgreat go unhampered on Prophet is, that his that should Smith, be name

forever. evil all good among and "for known predictions as Civil the Such War hand, the throughout other JoOn nations, kindreds, tongues,"has and prophecy, the Stephen Douglas, A. other lifetimeseph's loved people many fulfilled. continuously been prophecy, the prophMountain Rocky that dearly have they so wouldhim after spring of In the 1839, the referred to ecy the President the of by for willinglylaid lives their him down lying spent several months Prophet had this morning, Church numerous andif that the necessary. maintained They jail, in the Missouri in a a dungeon other their predictions fulfilment and assurpositive borneHoly Ghost had saying: voice of him unto came cited God could to that be show Joseph divine their souls of toance Joseph's

truly Smith great a prophet was of restoration the of ofappointment and soul; thine son, thy be unto peace My this God. impels to Evidence us rank Christ. of gospel truethe Jesus Thus thine shall afflictions adversity be and of as greatest of the one but man God intelligent converts of havethousands small a moment;

that lived. prophets ever has In fact,

it ifallied the then, well, themselves with thou Prophet endure JoAnd God in the Doctrine and Covenants we shall exalt high; shalt thee thou on triumph of the to cause adheredseph have and

Mormonism in the face of persecution, over all thy foes. read:

loss property,poverty, of homes and they transthee with charge do And Smith, who the Joseph Prophet of: and Seer threats In even of martyrdom.and gression, their shall blasted, hope be the Lord, and has more, only, done save Jesus sacrificed the Saints of havefact, many their shall prospects as the melt for hoar the salvation in this away of world, than men

lives fortheir the of righteouscause frost the melteth before the rays of burning it. other that anv lived ever (Ibid., in man

ness. rising sun. 135:3.)

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And I, the Lord God, said unto Adam, Since Joseph Smith received what he

MILTON R. HUNTER (Moses 4:17.) gave to the people directly from Jesus

such the case. should be characteristic distinctiveAnother Again we read: Christ,

declared revelaThe Lord in modern** is that he is of a prophet of God chosen, appointed, and called by the And I, the Lord God, spake unto tion that the words spoken by prophets they the were when upon moved by {Ibid., 4:1.) Moses, from his knowledge drawsLord. He should Holy be Ghost as considered theretruth; of fountain divinethe

quote: face, to face To he scripture. and he saw God And the of in the namefore, speaks he

glory the of him, talked with and God authority. Let having as one andLord shall they whatsoever And speak when could therefore Moses; Moses upon was examples. The Prophet a give fewus the shall upon moved by Holy Ghost be (Ibid., his 1:2.) presence. endure

Amos, in his masterful discourse at scripture, shall be the will of the Lord, predictions of his each prefacedBethel, 1:3, Abraham wrote shallword beof thethe mindLord, ofshallthe beLord,the voiceshall beof thethe Lord."(Amos saith the "Thusby

Lord, the and power of God unto salvarelates Isaiah 4, 6.) 2:1, 13; 11,6, 9, talked Lord, with the I, Abraham, Thus tion. (D. 68:4.) C. & follows as prophet call tohis be a anwith face as one to face, man talketh

other. 3:11.) (Abraham

I to wish emphasize the that fact sitting a upon I the Lord also saw...

is revelation limited not to Joseph train lifted up, and his high andthrone, to the Prophet Alma, this Referring Smith the other and great prophets temple.filled the said: Amulek him. preceded who standing have We

sayLord, the of voice the heard Also at the head of the of Church Jesus I to journeying see near a very was As will I go send, and shall whoing, WhomI Christ of livSaints Latterday today the of kindred, apangel behold an Lord I; I, me. send said Here us? amfor Then ing oracles through reveals return said: whom unto peared and Amulek, God me this tell people. said, and Go, he And will. his shalt for Certainly thine feed to house, a thou the this words of own 8-9.) 6:1, (Isaiah

the Lord; of yea, a man, holy prophet revelation who apply to President George

The call of Jeremiah to be a prophet is a chosen man of God. (Alma 10:7.) Albert Smith, to his Counselors, to

illustrates beautifully the fact that the Twelve Apostles, and to the Paprophets are chosen, appointed, and A fter the death of the Savior and his triarch to the Church just as much as called by the Lord. To use Jeremiah's "apostles, the heavens were closed, they did to Joseph Smith, or to Isaiah,

own words: and for many centuries God ceased to Jeremiah, Moses, Nephi, Alma, Peter,

appoint holy prophets among men. Paul, or to all of the other ancient

Then the word of the Lord came unto Finally, as I have already stated, a prophets of God.

me, saying, living oracle was sent to earth again The greatest job that a prophet has

I belly in the I knew thee formed Before the in person the of Prophet Joseph is to accomplish to teacher the a of be of forth out earnest thou beforethee; and his Father, Eternal Only Smith. The divine truths to revealed him from on

I ordained thee, sanctified I andthe womb anholy Son, and numerous Begotten high. is to be God's mouthpiece He nations. the unto prophet athee face, to face gels with talked Joseph, here on the spokesman, I earth—God's behold, I, God! Lord said Ah, Then the prophwith as they done had even revelator of the salvation. plan of child. I a for speak: amcannot will, the old. the ets word, of Thus the Through keys the and of power I not, unto me, said Say the Lord But of the came and commandments God priesthood holds, the which he kingdom I all that to shalt for child: thou go aam in exagain mortals to heaven from is of established earth and upon God I whatsoever command thee, andshall send

thee thou shalt speak. actly the same manner as they had all the ordinances requisite for the

come in past ages. At the beginning salvation and exaltation of the human

Then the Lord put forth his hand, and of the majority of the revelations refamily are performed. It is in their

touched my mouth. And the Lord said unto ceived by the Prophet Joseph, such capacity of teacher and dispenser of

I have put myme, Behold, words in thy statements as the following appear: will that the mind and the holy of God 1:4-7, 9.) (Jeremiahmouth. in all prophets their ages have made

of your the voice the Lord unto Hearken contributions. greatest his three During about of we read Moses In the book you. unto C. I speak while God, (D. & service, short years of missionary Jesus as a prophet call to beEnoch's fol25:1.)

lows: Christ did more to affect the destiny of

And again: the human family than have all the

And it came to pass that Enoch jourkings that ever sat upon thrones or all neyed in the land, among the people; and Listen to the voice of Jesus Christ, your the armies that ever marched. Moses'

as he journeyed... Lord, your God, and your Redeemer. great contribution was in giving Israel

... he heard a voice from heaven, say- (Ibid., 27:1; see also 29:1.) the Law. Nephi, Paul, Alma, and the

ing: Enoch, my son, prophesy unto this other prophets perpetuated the true

people. (Moses 6:2627.) Also: Church in their times. And Joseph

Smith of the prophet was who God saith the Lord Thus the of called to being In addition called to foreordained usher and God, the Mighty was (Ibid., 36:1.) of Israel. One people the teach true prophetsLord, in the last dispensation gospel, of the

them. Jesus commands the Lordwhat greatest of the dispensations. (II vithe of the numerous example As an prophets, of all the greatest theChrist, Nephi, chapter 3.) beings sions heavenly of that Joseph

declared: beheld, I quote the following: When we consider the three volumes

of scripture the to given through world the myself; of but spoken not have For I

of glory the the beheld And we Son, on the Smith, Prophet and Joseph when comhe gave a me, sent me whichFather

Father, of right the received and hand I all consider that the say, and what should knowledge, we whatmandment, his fulness; I ofthe speak. doctrines,should keys, ordipowers, and

angels, the and holy them saw who And is his that the given nances that been commandment to ever had I know And throne, his sanctified worshiping before are I therespeak whatsoeverlife everlasting: prophets the time to the from of Adam forworship the him Lamb, God, and who I said so me, unto Father fore, as the even restored to present him, then were day (Ibid., 76:2021.) ever. ever and 12:4950.)speak. (John realize fully that cerJoseph we can

greatest of the one prophets was all tainly like Smith, Prophet the Joseph of The history many Throughout

I lived. that that the ever claim make him, preceded the prophets holy visited who by been have prophetsgreat of the greatest the prophets he was his the teachings prefaced with always of have them angels some andholy Christ. except Jesus saith of the Lord."divine dictum "Thus him with conversed have andseen God

as one man converses with another. Truly of him it can be said, as it was Finally, a prophet of God loves his

For example, we read in the Pearl of said of the Man of Galilee, "... Never fellow men intensely, even to the point

Great Price: man spake like this man."(John 7:46.) (Concluded on page 342)

MAY 1948 341

Smith. When he, Hyrum, and others with the glorious vision of the Father MILTON R. HUNTER were making plans to flee to the Rocky and the Son and ended his earthly

{ Concluded from page 34 1 Mountains for safety, Emma sent word career with the name of Deity on his lips. the of world, Savior did the for return Saints to the because As Joseph life his for willingly givingof them

his his blood. with testimony sealed of accusing being he a coward. him if were thenecessary. death the Before of

redeath, full Joseph's Regarding that they well be God would Knowing full theSavior, he that knowledge had followif to the vealed killed return, Brigham should turned Young they he rejected that they and had himJews ing: said: his to "If brother and Hyrum my his crucifixion. bring Yet, aboutwould

life it is is friends to of value no my hill satas overlooking he a upon Jeruhis of because marveled have Many of to myself,"none {D.H.C. 6:549) his to prior death, asalem days few it death; needful that should but he was It so returned to Nauvoo. they and his apostles to regardprophesiedhe seal his his blood, that with testimony he his for that Saints love the deep was city theing the destruction holy of the might and be might honored wicked be

return voluntarily to impelled him and his (D. 136:39.) condemned. scattering C. beof the peopleand &

life his sacrifice for as give to them. a their rejected they andcause had Lord

Savior. So intense was his love for The following day while on their way And like all of the great and holy

to Carthage, from Nauvoo old, Joseph prophets of the Prophet Joseph, his enemiesthose had become who this statement: memorable that made lives being dead, forever. yet on Tothe peotaught wept.""Jesus He had

ple: / am going like a lamb to the slaughter, day a million people sing:

I but as as summer's a morning. calm am to Hail the Prophet, to ascended heaven!... bless that enemies, your them Love I conscience void a have offense toward of fight tyrants in and vain; him now that tocurse you. hate them you, do good all they toward men. take If and God my Traitors Mingling with his for plan Gods, he can despitefully for use them which prayand life I shall die innocent an man, and my brethren; persecute (Matt. you. 5:44.)you, and shall the /or cry blood venground from Death the cannot conquer again. hero

it shall geance, said be me, and was of "He the cross hanging put he While on in {ibid., cold blood!"murdered 555.)

I the bottom of From heart want my effect. intothose teachings looked He

to I bear testimony that that my know jeering standing the upon mobdown later assassins'the buldays Three Smith Joseph of one the greatest was then, the of cross footat the and castlets in the found the lodgment of body that prophets lived this ever upon his heaven,ing prayed: eyes toward fell of Prophet the God. he from As earth. Spirit the of be with May God

of Jail, Carthage he died with window you and live me accordthat we might his lips, the words on Lord, "O my ing to the teachings that henot. what.. Father,they do.forgive(Lukethem;23:34.)for they know gave

God!"humbly pray in the name of Jesusus, 1

So it was with the Prophet Joseph He began his career as a prophet Christ. Amen.

EZRA TAFT BENSON whichrulers ofwereoursoland;honorablymay thoseand noblyprinciples,demightblessingscomeof freedomand enjoyand theliberty.glorious

fended, namely, the Constitution of our (Continued page 283) from see in the abroad world an We land, fathers, our forby be established of days the dark P\uring in crease these coercive systems. Missouri ever. 109:54.) (D. & C. Weinwhen the Saints were being perwitness millions of God's children in

secuted and driven, and their lives And so, every true Latterday Saint bondage, who have had their blessings threatened, and their property taken has a deep love and respect for the of liberty and freedom taken from from them, the Lord commanded the Constitution of this land. them. Great numbers of libertyloving

toSaints, the Prophet through Joseph, people longer their free no have It is that the Prophet for redress. tocontinue importune He agency, longer no have of freedom Joseph though he he knew said—evenno wondersaid: choice such as here. enjoy we They suffer this in would land martyrdom

the no longer privilege have of living Constitution the of "The States United constitution to the and laws According wish, they taking where advantage of is I it glorious is a standard; to suffered be tbe people, have foundedof which educational in any or opportunity, work

.. for rights the theestablished, the and is It of wisdom a God. heavenly the but contrary on they are the under all just flesh, to accordingprotection of. banner."

of these coercive power systems and principles. holyand Yet, his to according contemporaries, lost have their completely Godgiven he the foresaw time the destiny when it is free at that time, that agency. proclaimed, He of the nation in be danger would and in impelling for right one to in force the benot bondage hearts The of men

as hang thread. would a by Thank the said: founding fathers another. into as he also the Then he did not see the thread break. God hearts the of pioneers of these valleys

also indicated the important part He I this established for have purpose And their truth love of was virtue and and this that people in should yet play this land, the of Constitution handsthe by their belief in the overruling of power

I this for standing the raised principles in untoof wise embodied up men whom Almighty in believed God. the They land the purpose, redeemedvery and by these sacred Declaradocuments—the existence of eternal laws principles and of 101:77, blood.the (D. C. shedding 6 tion of the Independence Constituand in the both physical spiritual and80.) tion.

realms. These, believed, they never

Earlier, the Lord had said: change but are eternal and are em-

\\7e see abroad today on every hand, bodied in the gospel of Jesus Christ. It

... verily I say unto you, my law shall and to some degree in our own was their conviction that there are cerbe kept on this land.... land, the spread of coercive manmade tain inalienable rights which are Godbreak Let no man the laws of the land. systems, eternal are contrary which to ordained and that no man, of group

(D. 58:19, 21.) C. & principles strike at the and which very the men, or nation right has to withall foundation of hold as dear hold these blessings we others from of to the people subbe commandedHe citizens. American their These programs fellow men. them, governTo existed.ject that the to powers take liberty us would from our and should ments the servants be not and in glorithe that Kirtland In Temple, freedom, those opportunities and for the of masters the people. There was dedicatory which, accordprayerous achievement which the has promLord in their place hearts no for printhe revto given theing Prophet, was by this it for ised nation in order that ciples of fascism, communism, or any this findelation, significant verse: we perpetuate might eternal printhose other coercive system which endanger

Have mercy, O Lord, upon all the naciples so that a haven might be estabthe enjoyment of freedom.

tions of the earth; have mercy upon the lished here where men from all lands One of the greatest conflicts ever

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EZRA TAFT BENSON pel.love, Ata messagethe same oftimethewerestoredstand firmlygoskeepserve themthis landcloseastoa ourlandheartsof libertyand preand

in principles of the support enunciated this, freedom, that his Church, which is rapidly spreading toknown man in the Constitution the Declaration and has established been the of by hand printhethroughout world. Eternal

of Independence, every Latterday and the Lord, might go forward and accomright ciples of are involved. and wrong

last Saint to the its defend plish those would great mission.

is to not mind, merelyCommunism, my principles. eternal should measure I We leave testimony with you, my is It total program. my economican a coercive system, every every program brothers sisters, and that has life, atheistic utterly Godphilosophy of and that offered, the might standards be by again spoken from the heavens, that he all utterly to hold dear opposed as we principles of in forth those set these raised has a as up prophet in said he Christian great nation.a should There

time, sacred the documents. same At first the section of the Doctrine and in place heart of the truebe any no as of the face spread we communism in Covenants, for preparation the for principles the SaintLatterday

of the other coercive forces and spread calamities will which follow: of the leadersenunciated these by in the world, hearts keep must our we systems ascoercive such communism,

free hatred from ever remember I and Wherefore, the Lord, the knowing control. fascism, state of or form any that calamity carry should with a should which us always inthe we come upon

I to to quote part pleased a you am habitants of the earth, called for the love children of upon men. my We statement theof a which made by was servant Smith, Joseph Jun., and spake unto should renounce declare and war inFirst the of Presidency 1936, Church him heaven, from and gave him commandpeace. has us Lord The commanded later, this ments. regarding reaffirmed (D. C. 1:17.)and &

is so to of do. a message message Our of has beenproblem which communism

peace. are followers of the Prince We is Zion intended to be a place of It to. follows: reads asreferred

of Peace, and we should rededicate our refuge, a defense from the storm that

Communism being thus hostile to loyal lives to the spread of truth and rightis to come, from the wrath which shall

American citizenship and incompatible with eousness and the preservation of the be poured out upon the entile earth.

freedom, oftrue necessity which and been membership Church have no liberty help us to true be God live and to the citizen faithfulloyal American and no citizens as us to vouchsafed American gospel all and in do our to power a communist. be canChurch member as Saints. and Latterday promote righteousness in this great

all call commembers Church upon We spiritrests solid nation This a is land. upon I This God's work, testify andpletely to safety eschew communism. The ual established foundation, the to lives, that Lord by you that Christ Jesus God inspired divinelyof Constitutional our gov-

I of that heaven, pray is the and and hope of the Redeemer world, that Jothe welfare our ofernment and Church imperatively demand that communism shall the nation may go forward to accomseph Smith is his Prophet, raised up to have no place in America. plish its great mission. There is no establish this work in these, the last

security except upon the basis of rightdays, in preparation for the second ftAY brothers and sisters, our message eousness. The prophets, ancient and coming of the Master. I leave this testito the world is, of course, first of modern, have so declared. And so may mony with you in all humility, in the

all, a message of peace, a message of we value these spiritual principles and name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

LeGRAND RICHARDS youknow;wouldbut ifseeyouthecouldnumberbe inof ourmenoffice,who tryingus whatit heis wrongsaid, "Mr.with Ballard,it. You youreadtellit

(Continued from page 298) come in years after their tithing is due over. I have tried it, but it just will not

Church are not falling off. They are to make settlement, because the Lord work for me."Brother Ballard read it

increasing because there is spiritual continues to speak to their souls and said, "You have here a perfect power and meaning in the Church. through the power of the Spirit of the corpse. If someone would just breathe

I remember while in the mission field, Lord until they cannot find peace. We into it the breath of life, it wouldSister Richards and I were invited by have gone back—not ten years—but work."Now you know what the breath

a member of another church to attend twenty and more years to give credit of life is.

their tithing the brethren record. on an itineranta lecture preacher by who to in the were temple on WednesWe

is Spirit of the going explaining a better through Lord The the landwas for colday seven hours and twenty minlector in the world. theto get churches than anyone could out how they We utes the with mission presidents. One

in office ministers have our debt. that toof they His program come was told of of them his father in Canada,

should turn to the Lord's way of payinquire how we run the tithing system who was sent up there to colonize ing their tithes and their offerings, and in our Church, and when we tell them when he was a mere lad, by the Presiall it thatif the for just branches wards ten send months, and they would do dent the of Church. has He wanted

all in the all us, to receive they get debt.their of money could churches out to return for years, his and son asked

I their send and privilege the back the of allowance what meetingAfter we had him he did not why back. come He

is, their they say, shake heads I told to him, introduced andbeing him and said, "I cannot return until the Presiin wouldn't like church. to that our "They do that testimony he bearI would dent of the gives Church reme my local organizations truth, that getting take the The would near hadwas we lease."I have And met others many

first; if out need, they all there lives. what and that our preachingbeen law all up and these valleys down wholeft, it I they might were any send cannot un- I added, "But whatThen similar to have had experiences. When headquarters."is if is tithing thatderstand, Reverend, they here in the early came days, they

the Lord's law of blessing his people, Well, that same spirit carries would have gladly remained in Salt why you do not ask them to pay their through in all the activities of the Lake with the body of the Church and tithing all their lives, so that they can Church. The testimony of the Spirit the brothers and sisters they had

have the blessings of the Lord, instead of God is the most marvelous thing I known, save for one thing and that is.

in this replied, know of for world, and only ten months."of I would He the testimony of the Spirit of God.

see that testimony in quite rather Richards, planted go"Mr. we cannot called they were When servby his

the hearts of this is the differyet."that far, my Now children than anyants settle to localities, other they

thing of today. I know system aence and between manmade true were to their call. This is the

one where the Lord puts into it the spirit by which the Church has accombreath of life, the Spirit of God, the "Drother Ballard used to tell about plished so much.

truth the ofSpirit which the by in colonizer know we the northwest who in While I was Idaho recently, aall things. out not send any do learned had a what marvelous We work stake president told of trip a he me this tithing. in forcollectors Church in colonizing, had done we and came his wife and just had to made Texas. fast for for offerings donaand do to here it, write down treatise a onWe their wrote to They missionary that boy

if build totions meetinghouses, as it see you could he make work. After (Continued on page 344)

MAY 1948 343 leGRAND RICHARDS (Continued from page 343) they would pick him up—of course,

they arrangements make with &>! the mission take him up would president—and GO0>[0Oif)! to Chicago on a trip with them. But

when they got there, the boy said, "No,

Father, I could not be a quitter. I

could not leave my mission. I cannot

go on the trip with you. You and

Mother go on and have a good time and leave me here in my missionary work."Some of you have heard Bishop Isaacson tell a similar story about his boy. When he went east to make arrangements with his company so he

could come into the Presiding Bishopric, he wrote his boy in Boston that he and the boy's mother were coming up to visit him, and the boy wrote back and said, "Well, Father, I would surely like to see you and Mother, but just remember I will not have much time to spend with you. I cannot spare it from

my missionary work."

President Smith, this morning, referred to the seventy odd thousand OVER FIFTY missionaries out for have gone who

that seventy thousand you could not TENDER "BISKITS"this Church. I dare say that out of have found a half dozen who would

have deserted their missionary call for

In Each Thrifty Package all the money in this world or for any position that might have been offered to them. Is there any power in the

world that can plant such feelings in the hearts of the children of men? Do

you think Joseph Smith could have done it, that Brigham Young could have done it, that President Smith could do it? No, that is the power of

the testimony of the Holy Ghost.

Some of my Dutch friends, a man and his wife, came into the office the other day, and they said, "Brother

Richards, we have filled one mission together, but we would surely like to go on another."Then he said, "If we

sell our home and our automobile, we can finance ourselves."Is there any

other cause in this world for which men would ask for the privilege of selling all they have—even to their homes—other than that they might

bear witness to the truth of this great

Latterday work? Much more could be

said about sacrifices for missionary work.

Some of you will remember hearing

President Anthony W. Ivins in a

You're bound to find just the dish you're looking for when you pick up a priesthood meeting here in this Tabermenu at Hotel Utah's popular Coffee Shop. The varied bill of fare includes just nacle, tell how many times he had sold

all the he might answer had that he surprises delightful to stimulate you can think everything some about of—plus call of his Church, on, even and move prices are easy the moderate of all, best appetite. And, and your imagination

on your budget. That's why so many Salt Lakers say down into the colonies of Mexico, that great leader who could have been such

"Let's Meet in the Coffee Shop"a political leader here. Why did he

Breakfasts from $.50 Lunches from $.85 Dinners from $1.15 go?to goWouldof himself?he have No,chosenhe orwentelectedbecause of a testimony of the Spirit of

God that burned in his soul, and that is the power by which the kingdom is growing. Hotel Utah The TOOMBES, Managing Director GUY You have heard President Grant tell

how he was offered a salary of forty 344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LeGRMD RICHARDS thousand dollars to affiliate himself with an insurance company in the

East, when he was but a young man.

But he was called of God to be an apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ, and he could not accept the insurance company's offer. I want to tell you that

some of our leaders today have given up positions that were worth just about ten times as much as the allowance they are getting from the Church to live on. They did not ask for the privthus,ilege did not they to serve and NOW... two signs

to receive. going they wereask what

They were called by the voice of the

Lord's anointed and that is all that in theirmattered, because of the Spirit soul was a s\\w of top service of God.testimony

May God help Us so to live and labor and teach that this testimony may ever live in the hearts of our boys and our girls, the youth of Zion, I humbly pray, in the name of the Lord,

Jesus Christ. Amen.

ANTOINE R. IVINS

{Concluded from page 291 peace that Christ would leave with us?

And I have come to the conclusion that if and when we enjoy it, it will be because we repent of our sins and purify our lives. There is no progress without repentance. We cannot enjoy the

Spirit of God in sinful living. And inasmuch as I feel that that peace is themost desirable thing in the world, then i*8I feel that my duty and yours is to UTAH OIL

repent and purify our lives that we may have claim upon God, our HeavenlyFather, for his Spirit. Once we get it, REFINING COMPANY

we will have that peace. And regardless of the uncertainties of our lives,

we will not worry over them, but we will have the peace that comes from the realization that we are the children of God and that if our lives are holy in his sight, our exaltation and election will be sure, and that eternity is so much more important than mortality.

This life is not a goal, it is just a means of preparation for eternity, that we may go back, eventually, into the presence of our Heavenly Father and there enjoy whatever blessings he may have to bestow upon us. "My peace I

leave with you."God bless you. Amen.

FAMILY MEMOIRS

By Bessie Saunders Spencer Effective June 1 Subscriptions are $2.50 per year

Dad's Aunt Rebecca was a belle

They all remember her quite well! The new subscription price to The Improvement

sat the chair where Becky haveWe cat. Era is $2.50 per year. purring her greeneyed strokedAnd

Her hats had plumes with velvet bows

And violets in dainty rows. It is still one of the biggest magazine values

on herShe dusted powder face obtainable. lace. lot of frilly wore aAnd

There was gentle swish wherever she went,

And she had fragrant bottled scent

And touched it to each dusky curl \ think she was a glamour girl!

MAY 1948 345

ON THE BOOR RACK wiil never know HHIyoi/ PREFACE TO ETHICAL LIVING

Fitch. Association Press. YOUhove Medif (Robert E.

New York. 80 pages. $1.25.)

A thoughtful discussion, adapted to this generation, of present ethical and moral problems. There is an

insistence on basic unchanging moral law, by obedience to which man may win happiness.—/. A. W.

STORY TELLER'S SCRAPBOOK (Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Bookcraft, Salt

Lake City. 160 pages. $1.00.)

Once you have used a This is the third brief book of useful selections and quotations compiled compila- L. Zobell, Albert This Jr..

utterthe includes excerpts DEMON RODENT GUN bytion from ances of our leaders, present and past, all CARBON BISULPHIDE andtime.fromIt ismanynot elaborate,of the greatbutmindsit isofuseyou would not be without it on the farm. ful. The illustrations given under each

is plenty holes land with of Rough limited quotbad subject are but in number holes large the enough, are but when and covers to the point. able and The field hillside, excellent proson the have you

pects for a bad case of soil erosion. about a hundred subjects from agriculThis happens every year until you find ture to death, from patriotism to tract-

a definite control through CARBON ing. It also includes in its appendix a

free cirillustrated Our BISULPHIDE. to the Testareference Old and New

mailed on request. cular 209 P will be you parables, Doctrine Covenants and ment

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco parables,mon stories.and Inselected160 smallBookpages,of Morthe

compiler has managed to produce a

Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO.,Salt Lake City and Branches useful and readable reference—R.work.L. E.

000000000099000060060000000900000900000006009090000000

OF STONE AND STAR

it! HOT WATER when you want (The Utah Sonneteers. Avalon Press, I Rogers, Arkansas. 1948. 108

pages. $2.50.

with the NEW ffutpoint: '"Pen talented women have captured

| * in this book the eternal spirit of

AUTOMATICAUTOMATIC ELECTRICELECTRIC fc things—the questing spirit of childhood, the romantic spirit of youth, the

qualities spirit adulthood, of querying cultivated all peoshould be by WATER **%#% 75 which HEATER age. group regardless ple of their This WITH MAGIC CIRCLE *X*T Up HEAT Bailey, of: Alice is comprised Morrey

heaters More HOTPOINT water Heaters—43in use thanyearsany otherof quality.make. Leila Grace Bassford, Maude Blixt, Water HOTPOINT—Electric

Claire Stewart Boyer, Berta Huish

Christensen. Christie Lund Coles,

Vesta Pierce Crawford, Beatrice

Knowlton Ekman, Anna Prince Redd,

Dorothy Jensen Roberts—all gifted

writers whose work has never failed to bring pleasure and stimulation to others. The freshness of their creative

gifts plus their deep perception and insistent humor have combined with the unusualness of their expression to create a most companionable and provocative book. Since there is a great

variety in the poetry of this volume, it will satisfy the most critical reader

The Improvement Era is sent free of charge to L. D. S. Missionaries and give a poem for every mood, and

all over the world. help create moods for the most casual

reader. M. C. J.

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PACIFIC CREST TRAILS—FROM others who like good verse. All in all, after. This study is monumental. NearALASKA TO CAPE HORN this is a book that will prove a muchly every resource and trend in the

(Joseph T. Hazard. Superior Publishused and muchloved addition to the United States is considered. Two huning Co., Seattle. Illustrated. home library. M. C. J. dred and twentyfive statistical tables,

1946. 317 pages. $3.00.) thirtyseven figures, and thirtytwo aptables, serve guide to the pendices with varies from recreation/utdoor AMERICA'S NEEDS AND intext. overflows with book The to station packmule or wagon RESOURCES intelligent to valuable the formation

is climbing, with studded and Associates.peak and Dewhurst (J. Frederic

citizen. declare authors American The places of the variousshort anecdotes Twentieth Century Fund, The New

is after their that vast study America personalities associated with theand York. 812 pages. $5.00.)

fully to in 195060 and equipped outdo history. understandtheir wholesome A careless have of "\17e been God's who after, recproduction her wartime even

ising displayed nature and for man if gifts ord, especially resources, to our country our such need a we use personal author's the knowlbased on comprehensive estimate of America's our power resources, wisely. No briefedge. This is not a Baedeker but a vivid

and personalized account touching on present human and natural resources as review can do justice to the excellence

Utah with detailed treatment of the imbalanced against our probable needs in of this study, made possible by the A. W.portant Pacific Coast ranges from Mt. the decade beginning with 1950 and Twentieth Century Fund.—/.

McKinley south. Mr. Hazard has been

instrumental in establishing the trails he describes. The book is for everyone

who loves either the outdoors or enjoys a good story. Franklin S. Harris,

Jr.

BIBLICAL LAW

(H. B. Clark. Binfords and Mort,

Portland, Oregon, or the author, Twin

Falls, Idaho. 338 pages. $4.00.)

All the statutes, ordinances, and judgments in the Bible are here assembled, explained, and classified under seven sections, and sixtyfive chapters. Numerous quotations from legal

literature and judicial decisions, ancient and modern, show the descent of

Biblical laws through the ages to our day. The book is comprehensive. It

deals with every "legal"subject mentioned in the Bible but is so arranged as to be easily used. A carefully prepared

index facilitates the use of the book.

The vast labor represented by this book has been done with loving respect for the sacred scriptures. Every Bible

student must be grateful that this work has been done and with such intelligent and careful scholarship. It is an unusually valuable handbook for all who

study the Bible.

The author, a trained lawyer, and experienced editor of legal literature, has presented the compilation in the usual format of law A. W. books.—/.

THE QUIZ KIDS* BOOK OF STORIES AND POEMS (Viking Press, New York.

1947. 372 pages. $2.50.)

HpHis is a great deal of book for the amount of money these days—and

the selections in the book will more than pay in usefulness for the outlay.

The book includes excerpts from many of the bestloved books of young people as well as many fairy tales and fables that should belong to everyone.

The poetry includes much that should be memorized as part of the heritage of everyone who speaks English—and

MAY 1948 347 JOSEPH I. WIRTHUN theTemple,cornerheofbuiltEightha mansion,East and a Southoneourall thispioneermeans,forefathers,to you Iandwonderto me.whatI

(Continued from page 299) room dugout in the ground. Becoming wonder if we accept the gospel of the

HPhe law of sacrifice was ended upon somewhat prosperous, after two years Lord Jesus Christ and all of its obligathe cross and a new era was inthey came up out of the ground and tions as an opportunity, or I wonder if augurated, the era of the gospel of the erected two rooms upon the surface. we accept these obligations somewhat

Lord Jesus Christ which would give Here my father and other children in the spirit of sacrifice. I tell you there

the opportunity tomen serve God in poverty,were born.but Theythat matteredwere in thenot.valeTheyof areest sacrificetwo kindswasof madesacrifices.by God,Thenamelygreatthe spirit of love. After the crucifixion

and the resurrection of the Savior, his had received the light and the truth of the offering of his son for the atoneapostles went forth and preached the Theythe gospelfelt it ofwasthenotLordonly aJesusblessingChrist.for mentthat ofandAbrahamsalvationin theof offeringmankind,of andhis ofgospel the kingdom. after, Shortly

they too gave their lives and disapthem, but a blessing also for their unborn son, Isaac, as a sacrifice out of pure peared; the Church's organization disposterity, even down to the fourth and love for God and his full understanding

integrated; substituted their men own fifthshadesgenerations.of the templeWereoftheywhichnot Isaiahin the kindof theof lawsacrificeof obedience.has the atmosphereThe otherofdoctrine for those of the Christ; they

changed the organization and the ordispoke, which was being slowly but selfishness which causes men to feel nances; and it was only a short time surely erected? Did they not have the that they are giving too much for this

until the shadow of the great apostasy privilege of coming into this historic great cause, and that kind of sacrifice, building, hearing the the of voice let retell you, circumscribes and me the uponwas earth. For some two

their of accepting prophets and stricts activities in their God this in peoplethousand years ecclesiastical politand if counsel as directly from it came for great expects to us Church, God dictatedical tyranny as to to men God? talents, freely of give our liberally and kindwhat they should worship of God In a short time the Lord did speak for the upour resources our all and whatand kind of principles they should

his to prophet, grandthrough them my building of his kingdom, as did our follow obey. and There were many of

father called to being a mission. go on forefathers. pioneerthem the inherent blessing had in who

their resources inventory of took Theytheir hearts, in that approach assignment free your of you agency, Do who did that they discovered have not and sacrifice, spiritrefused the to of your accept you do do gods manmade and his traveling exthe finances to pay spirit in the of doctrines, being temple amanmade work consequentand

It field. his penses to mission backly, it in the savior Zion, penalty or on death. Mt. do you do the was But

the family to sell cow, was decided ofdawn a new upon the day was

It food. of only sourcehorizon, the was yourthe spiritcontributionsof sacrifice?as a sacrificeDo youorpaydo the gospel of their day when

the Lord Jesus Christ should be resold without any hesitation, Grandyou pay them because you wish to exfather taking the making and moneystored, in for gratitude the press to and the to supplicaanswer many God his Switzerland. to back way My a intion of that blessings humble the he has upon bestowed boy woods

responsibility of the of grandmother had thatwestern returning are you, that but York, and you same New God maintaining the family doing of and in presided belongs to the part him? spiritual greatwho you which Do

in for she her a could what husbandcouncil, his called the and to teach Son, Christ, go out and Jesus who are who financial to went work way. She crucified beenhad doctrines the the of people kingdom, and resurrected do

stood before him. The Father introsewing salt sacks for one dollar a it in the spirit of sacrificing your time,

scrip. tithing in thousand, payable

it him, liberaliof spiritduced in to saying the the is boy, or do do you "This

I quite sure that us of many am all ty, desire Son, contribute to Beloved hear a you him!"withmy

sacrifice; that great a would say was of for souls the the salvation of can gospel the of The Christ Jesus Lord it it in that that the extreme; was was children? Father's our Heavenly Do its in restored fulness,was just and it fanatical. even might say was We it in missionaries, out send do you whoone hundred and eighteen years ago, I if radical; to that say but any want it spirit sacrifice or of the do do you this day,on the very of the Church to ever us of such an were make spirit in promulgating through of the officially Christ JesusLord organwas against accusation our grandparents of children the Christ gospel Jesus your Itized. has complete a organization, all for their of gospel the gave who forefathers as preached mine and yourwith prophet its a standing of at God forgetChrist, the are Jesus Lord we If it? spirit of the in forward go wehead, apostles, the twelve and two all their ting that loved they with God is spirit of the the opgospel whichpriesthoods, officer with and that every forget, strength. soul, might and We spirit service portunity, the of andis it necessary to function have as pertoo, that with had them endowed God is the love, question there but what nofectly in behalf the of Lord's children call testithat divine revelation a a we his will bless us keep and Lord it Godas did thousand ago. years two gift of the of the the power by mony in daily us providing our with promises people joined the the The Church by that that they so Ghost Holy knew the follow should needs. always Wehundreds, those seeking had been who lived, that they he knew was God who the Savior, of admonitionlight truth. and early of The members the crucified Hill Calvary's upon was

this Church Kirtwere driven from the of the world, and humble Redeemer land to Independence, from Indeand in the boy God woods his. righteousness;.. seek ye first andthe kingdomall these thingsof God shalland who supplicated

pendence to Nauvoo, and from Nauof New York was his chosen servant be added unto you (Matt. 6:33)

voo to these promised valleys. Perin the last days through whom the goshaps we shall never realize or know pel of the Lord Jesus Christ was renever forgetting that the first and great

what they suffered or what they went stored. To accuse them of being fanaticommandment is to,

thinkingthrough. In them, of with cal of being accuse be to would God

.., all the love with thy Lord thy I God like indulgenceyour to would speak fanatical his because he Only gave

all all heart, soul, with with thy and and grandfather.of caught the own my He it Son, to accuse be would Abraham all this strength: mind, with thy andspirit in faroff of gathering the of one radical, of too being because he first was isthy the commandment.

countries, the long andEuropean made sacrifice his willing to only son upon this, is like, the second namely And Thou journey to the valley of the Great Salt God's command. shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. (Mark

Lake. Upon arriving here he stood on The spirit of the pioneers is reflected 12:3031)

what is now Main Street, with just the in these words, "Labor not for the clothes he had on his back, with one meat which perisheth, but for that meat which brings me to another thought.

silver dollar in his pocket, and a pair which endureth unto everlasting life, When I think of this great welfare of shoes that were about worn out, which the Son of God shall give unto program can you think of an opportufor he had made the long trek from you. nity that is comparable to it in loving

the banks of the Mississippi to the valour neighbors as we love ourselves? If

ley of the Salt Lake afoot. He soon Tn thinking of our fathers; our Heavmodern-day Israel ever received a

married, and going out to what is now * enly Father, our father Abraham and revelation in this day with reference to 348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

JOSEPH L WIRTHIIN

what we should do in loving and help- K ing our neighbor, let me tell you the opportunity has come through the great welfare program of this Church. The

hundred carloads of food that we have sent has been a blessing to those who TO GIVE YOU MORE have been in need, but think of the FOR YOUR MONEY blessings that will come to us because we thought of them, expressing our...THAN OTHER LEADING

love in food and clothing. PECTINS!

that is something Love of God re- &te& cvfy.. have action, forquires men cannot

faith in God, nor love him, unless they 1. It Costs No More!

are acting in his cause, with their whole heart constantly thinking of him 2. It Makes More Jam and Jelly!

and giving of their physical strength in love. These Typical Figures Tell the Story

... God so loved the world, that he gave 1 PACKAGEPECTIN STRAWBERRY JAM STRAWBERRY JELLY

his only begotten Son ( John 3:16)

PECTIN #1* 10 Medium Glasses 6 Medium Glasses and Abraham so loved God that he PECTIN #2* 8 Medium Glasses 6 Medium Glasses son, his willing to give and yourwas that M. C. P. 14 Medium Glasses 8 Medium Glasses loved so fathers mine and God

they gave their all to establish the *Name On Itequesf. Manufacturers'Recipes Used.

kingdom here in the tops of the mountains, where you and I might enjoy..ATS JAM ANB JELLY INSURANCE, TOO!

every blessing which will be for our Complete dependability has always been an outstanding spiritual and temporal good. Let us qualify of M.C.P. PECTIN—jams and jellies of finest texture and

remember this, too, that God calls men true fruit flavor -- made in less time, with less work, than ever.

in this day exactly as he called in the day of Abraham, exactly as he called Compare and You'll Be Convinced—

in the in and the Savior, the day of day YOU GET MORE FOR YOUR MONEY WITH M. C. P. call to you Smith. of Joseph He may

and he may call to me, through his IN THE tmt AND W&&e& P A C K AGEservants—the First Presidency of the

Church, through the Council of the

Twelve or through any of the other

General Authorities. He may call to

us to render some service through thestake presidency or our bishop, and 300 it is call, theyplease remember when t\ Friendly through speakingthe of voice God, KOLOB calling are us, not they to andthem because of their choice, but because Greeting they are God's servants endowed with arguests our of Most us to renderthe authority to call upon Temple the at it is needed. service whenever arduous after an So in Squarerive

the Spirit of Jesus when that call comes day of traveling. They're

on nerves their tired and let answered, us as Abraham answer understand edge. We answered, as the Prophetand traveled, -we've and as this, for

your forefathers and mine answered; too. That's why we make

"Lord, behold, here am I,"and never afriendlyspecialandpointhelpful,of beingparforgetting that God so loved the world *ING THE WESTS ticularly when you check that he gave his Only Begotten Son, in. This is another reafolks who've son why shall not believeth in him that he who also here been

life, everlasting which perish, but have and back come—beforeagain SERVICE

I pray will be the blessing and the again to destiny of each and every one of us, TO YOUR in the name of our crucified Savior. HOME TOWN Hotel TempleAmen.

The KOLOB Agent in your community is the friendliest man in Square town—readyefficiently every insurance to andserveat yourlow need

cost, because he represents the West's largest Clarence L. West, Mgr.

General Insurance Agency. Strong stock

fair settlement of Company claims. policies—prompt,

SONG ON A MAY MORNING By Elaine V. Emans

I love October less NOT that Who by her flame of maples swore

Allegiance, but (I must confess)

That I love May, this morning, more.

MAY 1948 349 lET'S 1ALK IT OVER (Concluded from page 287) ness is your effort to persuade yourhandicap on your future life. You are

long view, we do not try to bend the self that it is all right to forget her and immature, for all your six feet of world or others to our own ways or go about your own business. It's no height. Nothing about you is ready

purposes, but we try to find out what good, Jim. You really aren't that kind for marriage except your feeling for

the great plan is and particularly how of fellow. Happiness for you lies in June. Fortunately, you have sensewe can fit into it and what we can do taking your own load. Lift it with enough to know all this—which helps

to further it. We learn the value of faith, and your mother will help you. a little. But, you "don't want to lose

prayer and how to use it. And we You are young, strong, and personable* her."All right—then rise up to the

full power of your seventeen years anddon't worry—much! This experience in responsibility will

into in the develop of great your put hands a problem your am it I've seen blessing—I happen. loose boy at A

it. piosure of In Father. the the of end, these Heavenly years of Many his time, little doing atends—wasting their will rapidly hard neer lads because up out work grew in character, paycollege, suddenly discovering talent a

it. situation particular experience, demanded Your development one Just art.for life His whole changes because

is situation life. particular caution. one would one of no word Balance yourhe begins to work.

but up chosen, too sleep, See that can have get grow you you enough and girl finds love, her and point of A it. is If feel stronghold. to your Faith irritable, oppressed you or shifts.view energies Her are put to is that for you, believe must you June dancing, runwhenplay—basketball,work. play. enjoys She limithas She fact. will that alter waiting ning not the just around You maybe block—ortennis, faith.less

studies, at conyour must your play! work—at violin—but begins to man understand A somethat are parents your you livvincing you—-Martha And and Bill—arething of the gospel plan. Vitality flows spiritual the reaching mental and ing It beyond started income. your

life.into his is in his Purpose mind, others. stature with a man. of with paying for too a much homeobedience his in heart. Faith operates. is of dating plenty Double which, is best—withPlay as things are quite today,

exchanging loads of dance Virand living reels. ginia basketball. Hike. Play—thoughI doubt itthatseemsanythatof thisway.justSomehowhappens understandable.with parents so long,You andhavetwobeenchildren

through prayer or effort or humility demand a change. But if you are to Stay in groups. Avoid too many twoor all three—each is receptive to inlose that frightened look, you will have somes and prolonged intimate talks.

spiration, things. spoil the happy. Don't and be is opened. way He to apply the formula. You And

is in accord of sense divine with your head and your Keep purpose. will have never have you to work—ashappiness blessings. count humor and your it Let's apply to Carl. before. to At twentyworked have grow You will

three, he is still immature in faith, in in faith—and that means devotion to This formula, of course, is not perwork, and in those things exemplified truth and service to his plan. And you fect. Other things enter in, such as

by the Virginia reel. He cannot forget will have to play—much less expenjudgment and timing. But work and

himself in any of these important sively than you have ever played beplay and faith are basic and embody phases of life. He saw something of fore. Because if you spend most of most of elements which make life sucthe last war and wants no part in anyour money for a home, other things cessful. In many details the world

other. He missed his home greatly in must be pared much more closely than has changed greatly from the time

the long years he was away. Yet he you think possible. Only then will you when our forefathers set us this paturgently wants to achieve indepenknow peace. tern. But in the fundamentals of human

dence. find to wants his He his work, things affect huwhich Allan. In some And now ways I nature—thosewife, his place. feels yet that he As little is change. is he think man your the hardest of problem happiness—there

littlehas made progress in of any these principles in the all. change is no And there at In in love seventeen the worlddesires—hence the furrowed brow. He today! Even if your parents would of life nor in the purposes of heaven.

is intelligent and has a saving sense of consent to your getting married, you An omnipotent Father is no less powhumor. Go on your mission, Carl. In would be placing an almost impossible erful in an atomic world than in a

the selfforgetful effort to spread the covered wagon world. Work is no less

truth, life will straighten for you. valuable as an agent of accomplishment

Work and faith will take possession of and development now, than it was one you. I don't know about the Virginia hundred years ago. If anything, it is

reel on a mission, but there will be more effective, for effort given in a something of energetic fun—or I don't fastmoving world is often more potent

know Mormonism. my These Times in quiet than as walking times—justis escalator faster a up a moving And much your Joan—face problem—the {Concluded from page 260) like than walking process stationaryboy a up you don't but you feel is quite

up to your level socially or intellectualunto God; yea, let them turn every one stair. The world is in our favor if we

ly. I see either As don't

him or you of him. aren'tit—youworthy Love love thatfrom ishisin eviltheir way,hands.*and from the violence goIf lifeforwardinterruptsto the us—ifbest ofthingsour ability.don't

is never to out according hypercritical. our It work sees the great plans—all Suppose we did ispotential that are need they remember in the power beloved. we Pray

hours! of twentyfour it for justWhoonecanperiodtell it. according to out working plan.about a better in Put yourself accord with

but that now, as then, inspirationdivine if, sorrow due the world is purposes and That after for much and this, you rejuvenation might come to a segment is certain. and tribulation,still are is a unsure, This give friend your up.

of "that mankind perish not"? we fact final faced. to the anRelease him. be That in find girl Let him the who

if that Granted, 3:9.) ( Ibid.. President affairs will hissees swer, terminate better than great possibilities. your Put

invited join all nations to Truman with isfaith cerour to equally rosy the dreams, test, most accept and subno for us in trying hours twentyfour the tain.stitutes. are There fun work and

cure, including many, the forahead but you nothing of value in Nineveh Let's happy, be work Soviet not cooperate. power, would feelthe you today. way right see it, as have we of Still, out of hardfaith—andfor the thoughtmeasure any

it rightly, And Jim. Do I read when

I think of living you despair your own comefulness,thatbygreatestwhateverof allgroups,fortification:would dance!our SaviorLet'sin rememberGethsemane,the "neverthewords of

life? You feel trapped. The responsifortification for the soul. Yes, in these less, not my will, but thine, be done."

bility of your newly (Luke 22:42.) our greatest Beyond mother widowed times, fortify the must soul and we

at the time efforts, strength. lies unlimited Let's when you were planning to spirit, as well as the body, of man.

start out on your own life seems imlook up and see whence cometh our possible to take. And the new recklessVbid.. 3:7-8 help. It's truly "out of this world."

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.....

For BIBLE Students Jhi$ Lt/i Wdk

Designed for the teacher and advanced student. Over 60,000 center references. Easyto-read type. CHURCH PUBLICATIONS Concordance, Atlas and Maps.

leather.overlapSilver Solveig Paulson RusSpoon"by The Relief Society Magazine.. covers, ping sell mother's the emphasizes day theme. round QUALITY

under omber stories that are other will prove issue the of Society There '"Phe corners, Relief May gold edges, MADE interesting. the ones very younger For headbands, will the carry Magazine Magazine mark book Galloplop"the Horse "Hobby Goes for for Roll successthe 1947, Honor... $4.75

ful completion of the campaign. In by Glen W. Perrins, illustrated by FarKING JAMES

addition a report on the Relief Society rell Collett, begins a series of stories VERSION building together with pictures and by this talented duo. "The Little

methods of gathering funds will be Brown Owl"by Deaun Haueter is of interest since it is illustrated by chilfeatured. National BIBLES dren. The frontispiece is a particularly SINCE 186 3....AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

lovely lyric by Margery Stewart titled For the older boys and girls "Obe- "Lullaby."Other poetry, too, will apdient Yembo"by Ernestine and Florpear in this issue of the magazine. The ence Horvath, and "The Banty Mesreal feature of the magazine is "Let senger"by Lucy Penn will provide inEvery Day Be Mother's Day,"an arteresting reading. A special feature that.. ticle by Camilla Eyring Kimball, wife older children and parents will enjoy WE OffER

of Spencer W. Kimball of the Council is "When Spring Comes to the A COMPLETE

of the Twelve, and mother of five upRockies"by Winnifred Miller. ENGRAVING SERVICE

Portraits Missionary to the Largest standing daughters. sons and assortment of poems A good also FromCatalogues. "Questing The serial, the to the interest of magazine Lights,"by adds Attention Prompt Mail Orders Given

Belle Watson Anderson is continued. as well as do the regular features, such

feature that should prove A new CO. ENGRAVING UTAH writers'of as conpuzzle games, young

St. 113 Regent Utah Salt Lake City, interest is called readers, to and which direction. tributions, radio books and

"From Near and Far,"carries comOne of the leading articles for parents ments from the field as well as notes will be "Feeding the Small Fry"by concerning the author. Helen Monsch, professor emeritus and MAY 1948 ADVERTISERS

former head of food and nutrition, at

New York State, Cornell University, Beneficial Life Insurance Company

The Instructor.. Ithaca, New York. Black Leaf 40 Back cover331

A special feature of the May InBookcraft Company 329.....335 University Brigham Young structor the is "Crime Sunday and

I. Case J. Company 263. Deseret talk of written School,"a a by News. copy J. The Girl Clabber Baking 333 Powder chief the Federal of Hoover, Edgar Continental Oil 261 Company Deseret planned has an * 1 "he News article Investigation. of This Bureau 331 Daynes Music Company extensive expansion program, beinterest will to teacher every be of and Company....Inside Deseret cover Book back

parent as it points out the value of the ginning with the purchase of an interDeseret News Press 337

Sunday School organization in influest in an eight and a half million dollar Fels & Company 319 encing our children's lives and consenewsprint mill, the Hawley Pulp and Fisher Flouring Mills 344 quently preventing crime. Paper Company, Oregon City, Oregon. W. P. Fuller Company 323

Glade 347 Candy Company mill is able This to paper produce Sherman's C. of Henry A review Hall's 335 Remedy annually, tons newsprint of 80,000 and Health book, an editoand and Food International Harvester 321 Company will the feapermit to add new News rial, both "Nutrition and Health,"Corporation Kolob 349

tures sections. and conBennion, written Milton by Editor Business L.D.S. College 338

firm and support the Word of WisOne of the features that has been Lankershim Hotel 331 dom and are worthy contributions to planned is that of a Sunday morning M.C.P. Pectin Company 349

the fostering of good health. paper, commencing publication May Morning Milk 259

Continued features are: "The Book 16, 1948, at no extra cost to subscribMountain Fuel Supply Company

front cover Inside Religiousof feaers. In addition to the Saturday Guide to Mormon—A Press National Bible 351 L.Living,"run, Bennion; tures previously by Dr. Lowell the Sunday mornHotel 264 Newhouse

"Latterday Saint Colonization in ing paper will include a rotogravure Oliver Company 325

Mexico, by Thomas C. Romney; section, a farm and garden section, a Overland Greyhound Lines 333

"Mormon Settlement in Canada,"by 32page section of comics and chilParaffine Company 265

C. Frank Steele, and the journal of dren's features, enlarged society secPurity Biscuit Company 257

George A. Smith. Department material tion; additional pages of world, interPyramid Press 331

and references for July Sunday School mountain, and local news, business, Quish Beauty School 337 lessons are included. economic, and financial pages, as well RoyalSouthernBakingPacificCompanyRailroad 262338

as other features that will attract readStewart, Ora Pate 327 ers. Temple Square Hotel 349

The Children's Friend.. The Church features will also be Uptown Appliance Company 346

amplified, and the Church Section is Utah Photo Materials Company 328 1\ay is a field day for mothers, as far being planned in order to have it reach Utah Engraving Company 351

Hotel 344 Utah**"* Children's Friend is conthe early of subscribers as The homes Refining Oil 345 enough Utah Company it featurescerned. the Several deal with service in of to make the Sunday Agricultural State College 339 Utah

general theme, "Gifts for Mothers."morning meetings of the wards and Van Camp Sea Food Company Tuna—.260

In addition, the story "Flinka and the stakes. Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer 346

MAY 1948 351

&WL

"Speak the Speech"L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S ADDRESSES OF HOMES

is is frequently found mispronounced in one Calif. 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th "C,"San Diego, &

the quotations Oneof wordthe favoritethat taken from of the Church St., Calif. Alice 1836 Oakland,

Doctrine and Covenants: 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

"There is a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven before the 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

foundations of this world, upon which all blessings are predi130:20.) cated—** C. (D. & Naval Station Services

this on word irrevocably falls on the second The accent syllable, thus: ir rev'o ca bly. The pronunciation of the word L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

otherwise is easy: information:

i as in it "L. D. S. services are held each Friday at 8 p.m. in

rev e as in met (remember, this syllable receives the accent) Frazier Hall, 245 West 28th St., Norfolk Naval Station,

o as in obey Norfolk, Virginia."

ca a as in ask (if you mispronounce ask, try a broad a as in laundry and one as in cat; then pronounce ask halfway between the two. Sound hard? Well, it isn't

really! bly y as in it Two Sides to Every Argument

Practise the word around the house as you work—or as you

to school, church, walk or work. Then rosycheeked old gentleman of about eighty it correctly can say without you so much itaswilla stutter!be yours, and **A handsome,went to a doctor for a general physical examination.

The physician checked him over with great care and reRorzheim-Dillstein 12th of February '48 ported that he had no cause to worry. "But how do you

Dear Editors: account for your unusually robust condition at your age?"

"Dight now to thank you for such a Church magazine as asked the doctor.

*- is. set for apart we're Since Improvement Era The many "Well,"chuckled the old chap, and Mary "When I were

years, for to get into look a of once more one the married sixty years ago, an agreement made we never to latest all got ever much, so Thank you numbers—andI longed quarrel. I lost temper, she to When quiet. was my keep the editors that the And and so magazine it.make powerful I who

and interesting. It is just like a visit from our Authorities of I promised that when she was in a bad humor, I'd leave the

the Church. it very all were sad learned when we We house. And, Doc, I've enjoyed a fine outdoor life for sixty

Pr. that Heber Grant passed had away. has called J. God years."

for higher him mission distinguished a that experiences with he was to gather when he was living with his people of his religion and gospel.

(signed) Alma J. Schropp In A Few Words

RorzheimDillstein EuropeGermany U.S. Zone—exceptMost thingsthe children.in the home today are controlled by switches

Calif. Fallbrook, u Tt was easy. just naturally to subscribe. They wanted We The easiest way to change -<>-a woman's mind is to agree with * wish all our assignments to as easy were said fill."So

LaDell and Mary Petersen, Improvement Era directors of the her.

Fallbrook Branch the of California Mission, after personally >- visiting each in the home in the twelve branch. Those homes

branch of thirtyone members, produced thirteen Era subYou can get to the end of the rope in a hurry by handing scriptions. this the one percent hundred goal Was of many everyone a line.—Hawley R. Everhart, from Your Life. wards stakes, and branches missions? and sureven They

passed the goal of "an Era in every home,"as they reached > 650 percent of quota. Reported by La Rue Sneff. SOUTH IDAHO FALLS EAGLE SCOUTS

Mary and LaDell Petersen, who

recently obtained 650 percent of

their quota for the "Era"drive in

their branch. Elder Petersen is also

district aide for the Southcoast Eagle and Ranger Scouts presented recently in the South Idaho Falls

Stake court of honor are pictured below. Seven of the Eagle Scouts and

District Y.M.M.I.A. two of the Ranger Scouts are from Amman. Idaho Falls Third Ward and

Idaho Falls Eigth Ward each has one becoming an Eagle Scout. The other

four had received both Ranger and Eagle awards previously. Milton Jones

was one of the seven Scouts who went to the World Jamboree in France.

Since his return home, he has given about twenty illustrated talks on the Jamboree.

Front Row, left to right: Travis Haws, Eagle; Jarl Empey, Eagle and

Ranger with six years perfect attendance at Scout meetings; Rulon

Robison, Eagle; Merlin Anderson, Eagle and Ranger, assistant leader.

Second Row: Phyll Hansen, Eagle and Ranger; Jerold Hammer, Eagle,

tour years perfect attendance; Homer Woolf, Eagle; Milton Jones, Eagle;

Jack Strong, Eagle and Ranger.

Back Row: Marlyn Fife, Eagle; Glenn Blatter, Eagle; Jay M. Strong,

Eagle and Ranger; Scout Executive Vernon L. Strong, Eagle and Ranger.

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I eachersBishops, Superintend i assioiienes,

,;V --.v -y.-—'

YOUR VERSATILE TOOL...

For Teaching

For Entertainment "The Bell & Howell 16 mm FILMOSOUND"16 mm motion picture projector.

are scores There users of this of happy in equipment the the wards of Church. Widely accepted

throughout for the world its high of standards excellence its trustworthy, and competent performance.

ENTERTAINMENT

—films for ward recreational programs are available. These have been appraised by the CHURCH FILM REVIEWING COUNCIL. Full length features, as well as entertaining short subjects, comedies, cartoons, sports, dance bands,

novelties. An everincreasing, constantly enriched offering.

TEACHING

—films for M.I.A., Boy Scouts, basketball, baseball, speech arts activities.

—for teacher training, health education, home training, for infant and child care.

—religious films. Old and New Testament, ministry of Jesus, and the Apostles.

*—Church activities and projects films: "Where the Saints Have Trod,""A Tribute to Faith."Centennial Boy Scout

Camp. Others in production.

With the 33 1/3 and/or 78 r.p.m. RECORD PLAYER ATTACHMENT this equipment brings you excellent sound reproduction of conference addresses of General Authorities, classical recordings of Church History, and scripture,

classical literary readings, dramatizations, music (vocal, choral, instrument, symphonic. Tabernacle).

THE MICROPHONE ATTACHMENT makes this equipment a portable public address system.

Send in the coupon for catalog of films, descriptive literature, howto-buy information and forms.

P. DESERET O. Box 958 BOOK COMPANY,DESERET COMPANY BOOK Salt Lake City 10, Utah aids Church distributors of audiovisual

all Please send available information me about Bell <& for teaching and entertainment. Howell motion picture equipment for wards.

44 East South Temple Street, P. O. Box 958 Name Title

Salt Lake City 10, Utah Address.

owing this lesson of inevitable change, in has learned to make provision jinst the lean years. For the protection

your family, carry plenty of life urance now.

THE IMPROx 'RETURN POSTAGE SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

PHOTO BY HAL RU