BHlGJlil]!! Ypu]lG ilGflDEUSY, foh "yeaks jmivEiiTY In JWeehanisial, IVHtiing'and Bleotpisal Bngineeiting mm

Vol. V. The Glory of God is Intelligence. "O 2

i IMPROVEMENT'n ERA. i.s.'Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. I

- PUBIilSHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

F. - Hbbkr J. Grant, i Joseph J Business Smith, j Edw. H. ANDERSON, j i gditors."'*- Thos. HULL. Managers. o"ral 5 -

-s-'- r I I DKCEMBKR. 1901.—*J

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

o History OP THE Prophet Joseph Lucy Smith 81 l-wJ

Watchman, What OF THE Night? A Poem... L2/(iza!>. 4Z(Zer 102 2—- Choice Selections—

C The Punishment of Indolence 204 2<. A Definition of Character Prof. H. Herkomer 104 IZTj*

c/> Give the Boy a Chance 105 -

True to His Old Friend 105 O Dissolving Doubts Dr. Newell Dwight Hillis 106 QO

=3 On Marriage Apostle M. F. Cowley 107

fi The Castle Builder. II Nephi Anderson 108

Achievement. A Poem John T. Moore 114

Prophecy Fulfilled James H. Martineau 115

CD Characteristics of Deity, from a "Mor-*"mon"Viewpoint. II—Plurality of Gods

Possibilities for Man B.H.Roberts 119gS and Future

Joseph Fielding SaiiTH—Sixth President of

.. the Church Edward H. Anderson 131

UlU Some Leading Events in the Current Story t of the World—Miss Ellen Stone—ExeOLJ cution of Czolgosz—The Liquor Problem. Dr. J. M. Tanner 139

The Old High Hat. A Poem 144 ID

I "Editor's Table—Redemption Beyond the

Evils Grave—rr Answersr to Questions—Preachingof Mortgaging WithPresident Joseph F. Smith 145

out Purse or Scrip—Christ's Ascension... O

—3 Notes, 152

of Missionary Work.. /. G. Zm6a/Z 153Q Our Work—Importance

General Improvement Fund I54 O5r"

Responsibility of Officers in Missionary

Work J. W. McMurrin I55

Ui) Events of the Month Thomas Hull 157;

OITY: SALT LAKE A.NE> 215 TElVrPLKXON BIvDG.CD 214

Published Monthly. $2. peir Annam.

HIGH scHooii COURSES. "sLtXlrl.s:TnL't.";:Foflinm SEND POP? OKTKLOG.

J. BUBTOII, Treai Prcviae Tor your family JOHN C. McCLJIN, PpBsl. THEO I. BURTOII, Sec W.

V—The Largest andV"I I Burton eoal

I I—I I- Strongest Life and

I LmI IIIIll Insurance Compjpy j |,g Cumber 0.,

World. ALL KINDS OF COAL.

ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail.MUTUAL LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALIY.

Office, 60 W. Second South Street.

Yards Cor. Fifth South and Third West Sts.

Telephone 805.

LIFE THE.

OF NEW YORK. OF STATE BANK OTflH

RULON S. WELLS, Manager. fieeounts Solicited.

THOS. W. SLOAN, Cashier. Coffespondenee InvitedOFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

511 CommePeial Bloek. Joseph F. Smith, President.

SAUT IiniE CITY. CharlesWm. B. Preston,S. Burton,VicePresident.Cashier.

Henry T. McEwan, Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Philo T. Farnsworth

A BIG SUIT SPECIAL A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells

Byron Groo Isaac Barton A GENUINE SNAP

A BARGAIN. All of our mall

order prices are bargains, but

Is this extra, something a little Ieep jWoney at Home In ordinary out of the, bought the piece and made up especially for our trade for spring, wear. and fall summer By Insuring Is a double and THE CLOTH

twist, gray and brown, mixed in the in halfinch diagonal woven Don't, stripe, ght forming pattern a sll very pretty and dressy; will

9.25 worth 15.00 * show dust; is all wool and Carry warranted to wear until you

are more than satisfied. ONLY $9.25. THE STYLE. It comes in round cut sack Yourstyle single breasted vest, coat lined with a

high grade of Farmer's satin; Inside pockets

silk etc.ilk stitched; buttonholes worked, Own

ofiV.ery the suit it as stamps thing about of HOME

high quality and better than can be had elsewhere for much more money.

SEND ONE DOLLAR and your express office address and we will send the suit to you; you have full privilege of examination

Before you pay another cent. If you are satisfied and find everything as repi'esented, FIRE

pay the express agent $8.25 and express

charges in addition to the $1.00 you sent with

JQUT order, and ktep the bargain.

lZES. You will get your size without difflcolty. Send breast measure for the coat and OFT also size of coat usually worn, and waistand Inseam for the pants. Remember this UTAHSuit is only $9.25, worth at least HeDer J. Gram. & 60.,$j5.00.S application.Samples of the cloth may be had

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE, GENERAL AGENTS.

Offices 205206 WiUingham Block, 2026 South Main St, Salt Lake City, Utah.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTIO& THE BRA.)

TO HOIWESEEKERS ftp I|1VEST0HS.

* f t t SOUTHEASTERN IDAHO is a great new field for GENERAL FARMLNG and for the development of INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISES.

The Great Snake River Valley can support a million people and SouthEastern

Idaho has sufficient land and a NEVER FAILING WATER SUPPLY to accommodate twice the number now in theentire State, just reported in the census returns at 161,771.

YOU WILL FIND HERE:

The Best Water Supply for Irrigation. Cooperative Canals—Low Charges. TheBest Soil, Producing Great Crops. A Great New Field for Sugar Beets. Cheap Lumber, Fuel and Water Power. Fine Hunting and Fishing. Great Mines. Splendid

Grazing and Feeding Grounds. A favorable Climate. Good Schools. Splendid

Markets and Transportation. Conservative but Enterprising People. You cannot

find such a combination of resources and attractions in any other district in the west.

Ask Us for General Information and for a List of Lands and City Property

For Sale in the GREAT SNAkE RIVER VALLEY.

THE IDAHO COLONY CO., WRriTI.tR]<iD, WlitliS & SHEIiTOfI, Geneval Hgents

1025 17th Street, Denver, Colorado. 15 West Second South Street. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Ag'encies in Pocatello,'Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, Rxburg'and St. Antony, Idaho.

November 1st, 3000.

GOOP. FliRJlITUHE GO.

31 to 35 IHain Street, SA.LT LAKE OITY, UTAH

Are headquarters for Fine

Furniture, Carpets, Art Squares

and Rugs. Star Estate Steel

Ranges, Heaters, etc We are the sole agents for the only sensible dust shields. BlCVCliES.

You get from us just] what Everything in Sporting Goods, you buy. We make no substitutes. BASE BALLS, CAMERAS,

t'HOTOGRAPmC SLTPPLIES, Etc

CO., WM. N. WIIvLIAMS, Superintent WESTERN ARMS & SPORTING 600DS

O. H. PETTIT, Treasurer. 115 South Main Street.

'WHEN WHITING TO A.DVBRTISBRS PI.BASB MENTION THE BRA.)

THE HIO GRANDE WESTEHll... RflD...

flllD RIO GRflpE THE DENVER

Best Local Tpain Serviee in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lelii, American Fork, Provo, Mammotli, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with througfh sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE.

For Rates, etc, enquire of Local Agent or write "GEO. W. HEINTZ,

Assistant General Passenger Agent, Salt Lake City.

PROVO CLOTH 00 YOU THH R ALL WOOL SUIT.

It is wise to allow your ERAS SEND ONE DOLLARAN GET ALL WOOL subject to be lost for lack of binding? to exaiiiinaSUIT

tiun anil approval. If you

BCOflONrV IS WEflLiTH yourecognizesee it ayoubargainwill takewhento this at once. These Provo's

Save your ERAS and Build up are the easiest to sell of any thing we have ever bandied. a Library of Choice Reading. They are tiie finest Mail Or

der goods, because everyWe Bind Voui'knowsbody inexactlythis wholewhat theycountryare and what can be expected of them In the way of wear. It's Provo Cioth

FIT STYLE, AND WORKMANSHIP. of piece elegant HHPROVEIWEHT ERA Suit—This Only S9.23. goods is a solid gray

In a Neat Cloth Binding fop inhighcolor,art madetailoring;up ingoodroundlininga,cut, sackgood style,cut50 CEBITS. tingin fact,; goodthe sewingkind ot andclothstitchingand the everywherekind of tailoring you have been paying in the neighborPep Volume..k hood of $15 for in the regular retail way.

Do 't mis.'* this opportunity to get a PrOVO

Suit for $9.25.

dollar, one Or in Two Parts for 75 Cents. ORDER.—Send TO HOW business, be so we suall assured you mean

and we will send the suit to your nearest express office. Betore you pay any more money

Volames 1, 2, ahd 3, Boand in Cloth, you may examine It and see if it is as we represent it. If it more than satisfies you and you

know yon have a bargain, pay the express balance agent the due and the express Pop $6*00 Postpaid. cnargps and keep it.

SIZE.- Send size of coat usually worn;

breast measure tor the coat and vest and

Send Opdeps to waist and inseam for the pants. We send

THOMAS HUlili, WEST'Sfree samplesMAILof the clothORDERon application.HOUSE,214 Templeton Bldg, Salt Iiake City 205206 WiUlngham Block, Salt Lal< City.

(WHBN WR.ITINO TO A.DVPIITISKRS PLEASE MKNTIOM THKERA

The HlSTOtV of the Have YourPROPHET ERA BOUHD

Send your Back Volumes to the JOSEPH,

ERA Office and we will bind By His Motbeirthem for

liUCY SIVIITH Gsnts 50 tevised and Published Per Volume.

by Authority in Vol.

pive of the 214 Templeton Building,* IIHPHOVEIVIEIIT SSItT IiRKH CI TV. m

Oregon liorii Line Railroad ii

Operating 1421 Miles ot Railroad through the Thriving States of

DTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

mmmmmmTHE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Pour Daily Trains between SAIiT LAKE OITir and OGDEN. The POPUXiAR

LINE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MERCUR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "5H0RT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. WO West Second South St., Salt Lake City.

7. M. SCHUM CHER. General Traffic Manager. D. BURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agi

W. H. BANCROFT. VicePresi and General Manager.

(WHBN WRITING TO A.DVKRTISBRS PLBASB MTCWl TOW THK BRA.)

I.M. A. WojEL

Are Doubly Equipped, Having x J - Business Education A With it they can earn enougfh in six days so that they need not work on

SUNDAY.

Ten students from the SALT LAKE

BUSINESS COLLEGE get employment where one from all its competitors combined is so fortunate. The

school occupies the entire top floor of the bank building shown in the cut

SEND below.KOR CATALOQ; IT IS KREIS.

SALT LAKE BUSINESS COLLEGE, TEMPLETON, (ilrTKmSI.) ALT LAKE CITY.

JOSEPH NELSON, President, WILLIAM JOHNSTON, Secretary

SAYE YODR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COflPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000.

OppiCBHS.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier.

DltECTOIS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

George M, Cannon T. G Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

- - - SALT LAKE CITY UTAH. No I, MAIN STREET,

(WHEN WRIXINO TO ADVBRTISBRS PLEASK MENTION THE ERA.)

Digitized by tine Internet Arciiive in 2011 witii funding from Corporation of tine Presiding Bisiiop, Tine Ciiurcii of Jesus Ciirist of Latterday Saints

Iittp://www.arcliive.org/details/improvementera0502unse

JOSEPH F. SMITH

Sixth President of the Church of Jesus Christ

OF LatterDay Saints

Vol. V. DECEMBER, 1901. No. 2.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

BY HIS MOTHER, LUCY SMITH.

CHAPTER IV.

LIFE OF STEPHEN MACK.

My brother Stephen, who was next in age to Jason, was born in the town of Marlow, lune 15, 1766.

I shall pass his childhood in silence, and say nothing about him until he attained the age of fourteen, at which time he enlisted in the army, the circumstances of which were as follows:

A recruiting officer came into the neighborhood to draft soldiers for the Revolutionary war, and he called out a company of militia to which my brother belonged, in order to take therefrom such as were best qualified to do military duty. My brother, being

very anxious to go into the army at this time, was so fearful that he would be passed by on account of his age, that the sweat stood in large drops on his face, and he shook like an aspen leaf.

Fortunately, the officer made choice of him among others, and he entered the army, and continued in the service of his country until he was seventeen. During this time he was in many battles, both

on land and sea, and several times narrowly escaped death by fam82 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ine; but, according to his own account, whenever he was brought

into a situation to fully realize his entire dependence upon God, the hand of Providence was always manifested in his deliverance.

Not long since, I met with an intimate acquaintance of my brother Stephen, and requested him to furnish me such facts as were in his possession in relation to him; and he wrote the following brief, yet comprehensive account, for the gratification of my

readers:

I, Horace Stanly, was born in Tunbridge, Orange county, Vermont,

August 21, 1798. I have been personally acquainted with Major Mack

and his family ever since I can remember, as I lived in the same township, within one mile and a half of the Major's farm, and two miles from his store, and eight miles from Chelsea, the G/3unty seat of Orange county, where he conducted the mercantile and tinning business.

My eldest brother went to learn the tinning business of the Major's workmen. The Major being a man of great enterprise, energetic in

business, and possessed of a high degree of patriotism, launched forth on the frontiers at Detroit, in the year 1800 (if I recollect rightly), where he immediately commenceed trading with the Indians.

He left his family in Tunbridge, on his farm, and while he was engaged in business at Detroit he visited them—sometimes once in a year,

in eighteen months, or in two years, just as it happened.

I visited Detroit, November 1, 1820, where I found the Major merchandising upon quite an extensive scale, having six clerks in one store;

besides this, he had many other stores in the territory of Michigan, as well as in various parts of Ohio.

His business at Pontiac was principally farming and building, but in order to facilitate these two branches of business, he set in operation a saw and flour mill, and afterwards added different branches of mechanism. He made the turnpike road from Detriot to Pontiac at his own

expense. He also did considerable other public work, for the purpose of

giving employment to the poor.

He never encouraged idleness, or the man above his business. In

1828, having been absent from Detroit a short time, I returned. The

Major was then a member of the Council of the territory, and had acted a very conspicuous part in enhancing its prosperity and enlarging its settlement; and it was a common saying, that he had done much more for

the territory than any other individual.

In short, the Major was a man of talents of the first order. He was

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 83

-energetic and untiring. He always encouraged industry, and was very

cautious how he applied his acts of charity.

Respectfully by Horace Stanly.

My brother was in the city of Detroit in 1812, the year in which Hull surrendered the territory to the British crown. My

brother being somewhat celebrated for his prowess, was selected by General Hull to take the command of a company, as captain.

After a short service in this office, he was ordered to surrender.

At this his indignation was roused to the highest pitch. He broke

his sword across his knee; and, throwing it into the lake, exclaimed

that he would never submit to such a disgraceful compromise while the blood of an American continued to run through his veins.

This drew the especial vengeance of the army upon his head;

and his property, doubtless, would have been sacrificed to their resentment, had they known the situation of his aflairs. But this

they did not know, as his housekeeper deceived them by a stratagem, related by Mr. Stanly, as follows:

At the surrender of Detroit, not having as yet moved his family hither, Major Mack had an elderly lady, by the name of Trotwine, keeping house for him. The old lady took in some of the most distinguished

British officers as boarders. She justified them in their course of conduct towards the Yankees, and, by her shrewdness and tact, she gained

the esteem of the officers, and thus secured through them the good will of the soldiery, so far as to prevent their burning (what they supposed to be) her store and dwelling, both of which were splendid buildings.

The Major never forgot this service done him by the old lady, for he ever afterwards supported her handsomely.

Thus was a great amount of goods and money saved from the hands of his enemies. But this is not all: the news came to her

ears that they were about to burn another trading establishment belonging to the Major, and, without waiting to consult him, she went immediately to the store, and took from the countingroom several thousand dollars, which she secreted until the British left the city. The building and goods were burned.

As soon as the English left the territory, he recommenced business, and removed his family from Tunbridge to Detroit. Here

they remained but a short time, when he took them to Pontiac;

84 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and, as soon as they were well established or settled in this place, he himself went to the city of Rochester, where he built a sawmill.

But, in the midst of his prosperity, he was called away to experience another state of existence, with barely a moment's warning, for he was sick only four days from the time he was first taken ill until he died; and even on the fourth day, and in the last hour

of his illness, it was not supposed to be at all dangerous, until his son, who sat by his bed side, discovered that he was dying.

He left his family with an estate of fifty thousand dollars, clear of encumbrance.

CHAPTER V.

LYDIA MACK, THIRD DAUGHTER OF SOLOMON MACK.

Of my sister Lydia I shall say but little; not that I loved her

less, or that she was less deserving of honorable mention; but she

seemed to float more with the stream of common events than those who have occupied the foregoing pages: hence fewer incidents of

a striking character are furnished for the mind to dwell upon.

She sought riches and obtained them; yet in the day of prosperity she remembered the poor, for she dealt out her substance

to the needy, with a liberal hand, to the end of her days, and died the object of their affection. As she was beloved in life, so she was

bewailed in death.

CHAPTER VI.

DANIEL MACK—HE RESCUES THREE MEN FROM A WATERY GRAVE.

Daniel comes next in order. He was rather worldlyminded,

yet he was not vicious; and if he had any peculiar trait of character, it was this—he possessed a very daring and philanthropic

spirit, which led him to reach forth his hand to the assistance of those whose lives were exposed to danger, even to the hazard of his own life. For instance: he, in company with several others,

was once standing on the bank of Miller's river, in the town of

Montague, when one of the number proposed taking a swim. Daniel

objected, saying it was a dangerous place to swim in, yet they were

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 85

determined, and three went in; but, going out into the stream

rather too far they were overpowered by the current, and a kind of eddy which they fell into, and they sank immediately.

At this, Daniel said, "Now, gentlemen, these men are drowning: who will assist them at the risk of his life?"No one answered.

At this, he sprang into the water, and, diving to the bottom,found one of them fastened to some small roots. Daniel took hold

of him, and tore up the roots to which he was clinging, and brought him out, and then told the bystanders to get a barrel, for the purpose of rolling him on it, in order to make him disgorge the water which he had taken. He then went in again, and found the other

two in the same situation as the first, and saved them in like manner.

After rolling them a short time on the barrel, he took them to a house, and gave them every possible attention, until they had so far recovered as to be able to speak. As soon as they could talk,

one of them, fixing his eyes upon Daniel, said, ''Mr. Mack, we have

reason to look upon you as our savior, for you have delivered us from a watery tomb; and I would that I could always live near you.

We are now assured that you have not only wisdom to counsel, but when men have spurned your advice, you still have that greatness of soul which leads you to risk your own life to save your fellow man. No, I will never leave you as long as I live, for I wish to

convince you that I ever remember you, and that I will never slight your counsel again."

In this they were all agreed, and they carried out the same in their future lives.

CHAPTER VH.

SOLOMON MACK.

My youngest brother, Solomon, was born and married in the town of Gilsum, state of New Hampshire, where he is still living;

and although he is now very aged, he has never traveled farther than Boston, to which place his business leads him twice a year.

He has gathered to himself in this rocky region, fields, flocks, and herds, which multiply and increase upon the mountains. He

86 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

has been known at least twenty years, as Captain Solomon Mack, of Gilsum; but, as he lives to speak for himself, and as I have to

do chiefly with the dead, and not the living, I shall leave him, hoping that, as he has lived peaceably with all men, he may die happily-

I have now given a brief account of all my father's family, save myself; and what I have written has been done with the view

of discharging an obligation which I considered resting upon me, inasmuch as they have all passed off this stage of action, except myself and youngest brother. And seldom do I meet with an individual with whom I was even acquainted in my early years, and

I am constrained to exclaim—"The friends of my youth! where

are they!"The tomb replies, "Here are they!"But, through my

instrumentality,

Safely truth to urge her claims, presumes

On names now found alone on books and tombs.

CHAPTER Vni.

SMITH.EARLY LIFE OF LUCY MACK—HER MARRIAGE WITH JOSEPH

I shall now introduce the history of my own life. I was born

in the town of Gilsum, Cheshire county, state of New Hampshire, on the eighth of July, 1776.

When I arrived at the age of eight years, my mother had a severe fit of sickness. She was so low that she, as well as her

friends, entirely despaired of her recovery. During this sickness

she called her children around her bed, and, after exhorting them always to remember the instructions which she had given them to fear God and walk uprightly before him, she gave me to my brother Stephen, requesting him to take care of me, and bring me up as his own child, then bade each of us farewell.

This by brother promised to do; but, as my mother shortly recovered, it was not necessary, and I consequently remained at my

father's house until my sister Lovisa was married. Some time

after this event I went to South Hadley, to pay Lovisa, who was living there, a visit.

I returned home to my parents in about six months, and re- a

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 87

mained with them in Gilsum until the death of Lovina. Soon after

which, my brother Stephen, who was living at Tunbridge, Vermont, came to my father's on a visit; and he insisted so earnestly on my

accompanying him home, that my parents consented. The grief

occasioned by the death of Lovina was praying upon my health, and threatened my constitution with serious injury, and they hoped that to accompany my brother home might serve to divert my mind and thus prove a benefit to me. For I was pensive and melancholy, and often in my reflections I thought that life was not worth

possessing.

In the midst of this anxiety of mind, I determined to obtain that which I had heard spoken of so much from the pulpit—

change of heart.

To accomplish this, I spent much of my time reading the Bible, and praying; but notwithstanding my great anxiety to experience

a change of heart, another matter would always interpose in all

I remain a member of no church, all religiousmy mediatations—if

people will say I am of the world; and if I join some one of the

diflFerent denominations, all the rest will say I am in error. No

church will admit that [ am right, except the one with which I am associated. This makes them witnesses against each other; and

how can I decide in such a case as this, seeing they are all unlike the Church of Christ, as it existed in former days!

While I remained at Tunbridge, I became acquainted with a young man by the name of Joseph Smith, to whom I was subsequently married.

I continued with my brother one year, then went home. I was

at home but a short time, when my brother came after me again, and insisted so hard upon my returning with him, that I concluded to do so. And this time I remained with him until I was married,

which took place the next January.

CHAPTER IX.

SEVEN GENERATIONS OF THE SMITH FAMILY—FOUR GENERATIONS OF

THE MACK FAMILY.

Here, I would like to give the early history of my husband,for 88 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

many facts might be mentioned, that doubtless would be highly interesting; but, as I am not able to give them in order, I shall decline making the attempt, and in the place thereof shall insert a

transcript from the record of his family, beginning with Samuel

Smith, who was the son of Robert and Mary Smith, who came from

England.

The above Samuel Smith, was born January 26, 1666, in Toppsfield, Essex county, Massachusetts; and was married to Rebecca

Curtis, daughter of John Curtis, January 25, 1707.

Children of Samuel and Rebecca Smith.

Phebe, born Jan. 8, 1708; married to Stephen Averel.

First Mary, born Aug. 14, 1711; married to Amos Towne.

Second Samuel, born Jan. 26, 1714; married to Priscilla Gould;

died Nov. 14, 1785.

Rebecca, born Oct. 1, 1715; married to John Balch.

Elizabeth, born July 8, 1718; married to Eliezer Gould; died

March, 1753.

Hephzibah, born May 12, 1722; married to Wm. Gallop; died

November 15, 1774.

Robert, born April 25, 1724.

Susanna, born May 2, 1726; died May 5, 1741.

Hannah, born April 5, 1729; married to John Peabody; died

Aug. 17, 1764.

First Samuel Smith died July 12, 1748.

His wife Rebbecca Smith, March 2, 1753.

Children of second Samuel, and first Priscilla Smith, which Samuel was the son ojfirst Samuel and Rebecca Smith.

Priscilla, born Sept. 26, 1735; married to Jacob Kimball, Sept.

15, 1755.

Third Samuel, born October 28, 1737; married to Rebecca

Towne, Jan. 2, 1760.

Vashti, born Oct. 5, 1739; married to Solorhon Curtis, Sept.

15, 1763; married second time to Jacob Hobbs, 1767.

Susanna, born Jan. 24, 1742; married to Isaac Hobbs,

1767.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 89

First Asael, born March 8, 1744; married to Mary Duty, Feb.

12, 1767.

Children offirst Asael and Mary Smith; which Asael was the son

oj second Samuel and Priscilla Smith.

First Jesse, born April 20, 1768; married to Hannah Peabody

Jan, 20, 1792.

Priscilla, born Oct. 21, 1769; married to John C. Waller, Aug.

24, 1796.

First Joseph, born July 12, 1771; married to Lucy Mack, Jan.

24, 1796; died Sep. 14, 1840.

Second Asael, born May 21, 1773; married to Betsy Schellenger, March 21, 1802.

Mary, born June 4, 1775; married to Isaac Pierce, Dec. 22,

1796.

Fourth Samuel, born Sept. 15, 1777.

First Silas, born Oct. 1, 1779; married to Ruth Stevens, Jan.

29, 1806; married second time Frances Wilcox, February, 1816;

third time to Mary Aikens, March 4, 1828.

First John, born July 16,1781; married to Clarissa Lyman,

Sept. 11, 1815.

Third Susanna, born May 18, 1783.

Stephen, born April 23, 1785; died July 25, 1802.

Sarah, born May 16, 1789; married to Joseph Sanford, Oct. 15,

1809; died May 27, 1824.

Children of First Jesse and Hannah Smith; which Jesse was the son

offirst Asael and Mary Smith.

'Benjamin G. was born May 2, 1793.

< a Eliza, Mar. 9, 1795.

U i( Ira, Jan. 30, 1797

Harvey, (( ii Apr. 1, 1799.

Harriet, ( ti Apr. 8, 1801.

Stephen, <( << May 2, 1803.

Mary, < i( May 4, 1805.

< a Catherine, July 13, 1807 Royal C (( July 2, 1809.

Sarah, < (< Dec. 16, 1810

90 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Children oj John C. and Prisdlla Waller; which Priscilla was the

daughter offirst Asael Smith.

Calvin C. was born June 6, 1797.

Dolly Oct. 16, 1799; died July 20, 1800.

""Marshall March 18, 1801.

Royal H. Nov. 29, 1802.

Dudley C. Sept. 29, 1804.

Bushrod W. ""Oct. 18, 1806.

""Jan. 1, 1809. Silas B.

Sally P. ""Oct. 31, 1810.

""Sept. 9, 1812; died Nov. 5, 1812. John H.

Children offirst Joseph and Lucy Smith; which Joseph was the son

of the first Asael and Mary Smith.

Alvin, born Feb. 11, 1798; died Nov. 19, 1824.

Hyrum, born Feb. 9, 1800, Tunbridge, Vermont; married to

Jerusha Barden, Nov. 2, 1826, Manchester, N. Y.; to Mary Fielding, 1837; murdered by a mob, June 27, 1844, in Carthage jail,

Hancock county, Illinois, while under the protection of Governor

Thos. Ford.

Sophronia, born May 16, 1803, Tunbridge, Vermont; married

to Calvin Stoddard, Dec. 2, 1827. Palmyra, N. Y.,

Second Joseph, Dec. 23, 1805, Sharon, Windsor county, Vermont; married to Emma Hale, daughter of Isaac Hale, in South Bainbridge, Chenango county, N. Y., Jan. 18, 1827; murdered by a

mob, June 27, 1844, in Carthage jail Hancock county, Illinois, while under the protection of Governor Thomas Ford.

Fifth Samuel Harrison, born March 13, 1808, Tunbridge, Vermont; married to Mary Bailey, Aug. 13, 1834; to Levira Clark,

29, 1842; died July 30, 1844, of a fever, occasioned by over exertion in getting away from a mob, when his brothers were killed.

Ephraim, born March 13, 1810; died March 24, 1810.

William, born March 13, 1811, Royalton, Vermont; married to Caroline Grant, daughter of Joshua Grant, Feb. 14, 1833.

Catherine, born July 28, 1812, Lebanon, New Hampshire; married to Wilkins J. Salisbury, Jan. 8, 1831.

Don Carlos, born March 25, 1816; married to Agnes Coolbrith,

July 30, 1835, Kirtland Ohio; died Aug. 7, 1841.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 91

Lucy, born July 18, 1821; married to Arthur Miliken, June 4,

1840, Nauvoo.

Children oj second Asael and Betsy Smith; which Asael was the son

offirst Asael and Mary Smith.

Elias was born Sept. 6, 1804.

Emily ""Sept. 1, 1806.

Jesse J. ""Oct. 6, 1808; died July 1, 1834.

Esther ""Sept. 20, 1810.

Mary J. ""April 29, 1813.

Julia P. ""March 6, 1815.

Martha ""June 9, 1817.

Second Silas ""June 6, 1822.

Children of Isaac and Mary Pierce; which Mary was the daughter

offirst Asael and Mary Smith.

Eunice was born April 29, 1799.

Miranda ""June 17, 1803.

Horace ""June 8, 1805.

John S. ""March 6, 1807.

Susan ""June 20, 1809.

Mary ""April 25, 1811.

Laura ""Feb. 8, 1814.

Eliza A ""Sept. 2, 1817.

Children offirst Silas and Ruth Smith; which Silas was the son of

first Asael and Mary Smith.

Charles was born Nov. 11, 1806; died May 7, 1809.

Charity ""April 1, 1808.

Curtis S. "Oct. 29, 1809.

Sixth Samuel ''''Oct. 3, 1811; died March 7, 1826.

Stephen ""June 8, 1815.

Susan ""Oct. 19, 1817.

Third Asael ""Oct. 12, 1819.

Children by his second wife Mary Smith.

Silas S. was born Oct. 26, 1830.

John A. ""July 6, 1832.

Jesse Nathaniel ""Dec. 2, 1834.

92 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Children offirst John and Clarissa Smith; which John was the son

offirst Asael and Mary Smith.

George A. was born June 26, 1817.

Caroline ""June 6, 1820.

Second John L. ""Nov. 17, 1828.

Children ofHyrum and Jerusha Smith; which Hyrum was the son

offirst Joseph and Lucy Smith.

Lovina was born Sept. 16, 1827; died Oct. 8, 1876.

Mary ""June 27, 1829; died May, 29, 1832.

John ""Sept. 22, 1832.

Secohd Hyrum ""April 27, 1834; died Sept. 21, 1841.

Jerusha ""Jan. 13, 1836.

Sarah ""Oct. 2, 1837; died Nov. 6, 1876.

Children of Hyrum ISmith and Mary, his second wife.

Fourth Joseph F. was born Nov. 13, 1838.

Martha Ann ""May 14, 1841.

Children of second Joseph, the Prophet, and Emma Smith; which

Joseph was the son of first Joseph and Lucy Smith.

Julia Murdock Smith, adopted daughter,was born April 30,1831.

Third Joseph was born Nov. 6, 1832.

Frederick G. W. ""June 20, 1836; died 1862.

Alexander H. ""June 2, 1838.

Don Carlos ""June 13, 1840; died Aug. 1841.

David H. ""Nov. 18, 1844.

Children offifth Samuel Smith and Mary, his first wife; which SajO'

uel was the son oj first Joseph and Lucy Smith.

Susanna B. was born Oct. 27, 1835.

Mary B ""March 27, 1837.

Samuel H. B. ""Aug. 1, 1838.

Lucy B. ""Jan., 1841.

Mary Smith died Jan. 25, 1841.

Children of Samuel Smith and Levira, his second wife.

Levira A, C. was born April 29, 1842.

Lovisa C. ""Aug. 28, 1843.

Lucy J. C ""Aug. 20, 1844.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 93

Children of William and Caroline Smith; which William was the son

offirst Joseph and Lucy Smith.

Mary Jane, was born Jan. 1835.

Caroline L. ""Aug. 1836.

Children of Don Carlos and Agnes Smith; which Don Carlos was

the son offirst Joseph and Lucy Smith.

Agnes C. was born Aug. 1, 1836.

SophroniaC. ""1838.

Josephine D. ''"March 10, 1841.

Children of Calvin and Sophronia Stodard.

Eunice was born March 22, 1830.

Maria ""April 12, 1832.

Children of Wilkins J. and Catharine Salisbury; which Catharine

was the daughter offirst Joseph Smith.

Elizabeth, was born April 12, 1832.

Lucy "Oct. 3, 1834.

Solomon J. "Sept. 18, 1835.

Alvin ""June 7, 1838.

Don C. "Oct. 25, 1841.

Emma C. ""March 25, 1844.

Arthur and Lucy Miliken have one son, named Don Carlos

Miliken.

George A. Smith, son of first John Smith, was married to

Bathsheba W. Bigler, July 25, 1841.

Children of George A. and Bathsheba W. Smith.

George Albert, was born July 7, 1842.

Bathsheba, ""Aug. 14, 1844.

Having now given all the names belonging to the family of

Smith, I shall take up another lineage, namely, that of the Mack family, commencing with my grandfather Ebenezer Mack. Ebenezer Mack had three sons, Elisha, Samuel and Solomon, and one

daughter named Hypsebeth. His son Solomon was born in the town

of Lyme, state of Connecticut, Sept. 26, 1735; was married to a

young woman by the name of Lydia Gates, in the year 1759. This

94 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Lydia Gates was born in East Haddam, state of Connecticut, Sept.

3, 1735.

The following are the names of the children offirst Solomon and

Lydia Mack; which Solomon was the son of Ehenezer and Han-

. nah Mack.

Jason, Stephen, Daniel, second Solomon, Lovisa, Lovina, Lydia,

Lucy.

Children of second Solomon Mack; which Solomon was the son of

first Solomon Mack.

Calvin was born Nov. 28, 1797.

Orlando << "Sept. 23, 1799

Chilon "July, 26, 1802.

Third Solomon (< "May 23, 1805.

Amos << "May 1, 1807.

Dennis << "Oct. 18, 1809.

Merrill (< "Sept. 14, 1812.

Esther (t "April 2, 1815.

Rizpah << "June 5, 1818.

CHAPTER X.

A PRESENT OF ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS, FROM JOHN MUDGET AND

STEPHEN MACK,TO THE AUTHOR.

Soon after I was married, I went with my husband to see my parents, and as we were about setting out on this visit, my brother

Stephen, and his partner in business, John Mudget, were making some remarks in regard to my leaving them, and the conversation presently turned upon the subject of giving me a marriage present. "Well,"said Mr. Mudget, "Lucy ought to have something

worth naming, and I will give her just as much as you will."

"Done,"said my brother, "I will give her five hundred dollars in cash.""Good,"said the other, "and I will give her five hundred dollars more."

So they wrote a check on their bankers for one thousand

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 95

dollars, and presented me with the same. This check I laid aside,

as I had other means by me sufficient to purchase my housekeeping furniture.

Having visited my father and mother, we returned again to

Tunbridge, where my companion owned a handsome farm, upon which we settled ourselves, and began to cultivate the soil. We

lived on this place about six years, tilling the earth for a livelihood.

In 1802, we rented our farm in Tunbridge, and moved to the town of Randolph, where we opened a mercantile establishment.

When we came to this place we had two children, Alvin and

Hyrum.

CHAPTER XI.

SICKNESS IN RANDOLPH.

We had lived in Randolph but six months when I took a heavy cold, which caused a severe cough. To relieve this, every possible

exertion was made, but it was all in vain. A hectic fever set in,

which threatened to prove fatal, and the physician pronounced my case to be confirmed consumption. During this sickness, my

mother watched over me with much anxiety, sparing herself no pains in administering to my comfort, yet I continued to grow weaker and weaker, until I could scarcely endure even a footfall upon the floor, except in stockingfoot, and no one was allowed to speak in the room above a whisper.

While I was in this situation, a Methodist exhorter came to see me. On coming to the door, he Tinocked in his usual manner,

and his knocking so agitated me that it was a considerable length of time before my nerves became altogether quieted again. My

mother motioned him to a chair, and in a whisper informed him of my situation, which prevented his asking me any questions. He

tarried some time, and while he sat he seemed deeply to meditate upon the uncertainty of my recovering; in the mean time, he

showed a great desire to have conversation with me respecting my dying.

As he thus sat pondering, I fancied to myself that he was 96 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

going to ask me if I was prepared to die, and I dreaded to have him speak to me, for then I did not consider myself ready for such an awful event, inasmuch as I knew not the ways of Christ; besides,

there appeared to be a dark and lonesome chasm, between myself and the Savior, which I dared not attempt to pass.

I thought I strained my eyes, and by doing so I could discern a faint glimmer of the light that was beyond the gloom which lay immediately before me.

When I was meditating upon death, in this manner, my visitor left; soon after which my husband came to my bed, and took me

by the hand, and said, "Oh, Lucy! my wife! my wife! you must die!

The doctors have given you up; and all say you cannot live."

I then looked to the Lord, and begged and pleaded with him to spare my life, in order that I might bring up my children, and be a comfort to my husband. My mind was much agitated during

the whole night. Sometimes I contemplated heaven and heavenly

things; then my thoughts would turn upon those of earth—my

babes and my companion.

During this night I made a solemn covenant with God, that, if he would let me live, I would endeavor to serve him according to the best of my abilities. Shortly after this, I heard a voice say to

me, "Seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto

you. Let your heart be comforted; ye believe in God, believe also

in me."In a few moments my mother came in, and, looking upon me she said, "Lucy, you are better."

I replied, as my speech returned just at that instant, "Yes, mother, the Lord will let me live, if I am faithful to the promise which I made to him, to be a comfort to my mother, my husband, and my children."I continued to gain strength, until I became

quite well as to my bodily health; but my mind was considerably

disquieted. It was wholly occupied upon the subject of religion.

As soon as I was able, I made all diligence in endeavoring to find some one who was capable of instructing me more perfectly in the way of life and salvation.

As soon as I had strength sufficient, I visited one Deacon

Davies, a man whom I regarded as exceedingly pious; and, as he

was apprised of my sudden and miraculous recovery, I expected to

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 97

hear about the same which I had heard from my mother—"The

Lord has done a marvelous work; let his name have the praise

thereof."But, no: from the time I arrived at his house until I left,

I heard nothing, except, "Oh, Mrs. Smith has come—help her in

the run, build a fire, make the room warm—fill the teakettle—get

great armchair,"etc., etc. Their excessive anxiety concerning

my physical convenience and comfort, without being seasoned with one word in relation to Christ or godliness, sickened and disgusted me, and I returned home very sorrowful and much disappointed.

From my anxiety of mind to abide the covenant which I had made with the Lord, I went from place to place, for the purpose of getting information, and finding, if it were possible, some congenial spirit who could enter into my feelings, and thus be able to strengthen and assist me in carrying out my resolutions.

I heard that a very devout man was to preach the next Sabbath in the Presbyterian church; I therefore went to meeting,.in

the full expectation of hearing that which my soul desired—the

Word of Life.

When the minister commenced speaking, I fixed my mind with deep attention upon the spirit and matter of his disdiscourse; but after hearing him through, I returned home, convinced that he neither understood nor appreciated the subject upon

which he spoke, and I said in my heart that there was not then upon earth the religion which I sought. I therefore determined

to examine my Bible, and, taking Jesus and his disciples for my guide, to endeavor to obtain from God that which man could neither give nor take away. Notwithstanding this, 1 would hear

all that could be said, as well as read much that was written, on the subject of religion; but the Bible I intended should be my

guide to life and salvation. This course I pursued a number of

years.

At length, I considered it my duty to be baptized, and, finding a minister who was willing to baptize me, and leave me free in regard to joining any religious denomination, I stepped forward and jielded obedience to this ordinance; after which I continued to

98 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

read the Bible as formerly, until my eldest son had attained his twentysecond year.

CHAPTER XII.

JOSEPH SMITH, SENIOR, LOSES HIS PROPERTY AND BECOMES POOR

VISIT FROM JASON MACK—THE HISTORY OF—RECEIVES A

THE LATTER CONCLUDED.

My husband, as before stated, followed merchandising for a short period in the town of Randolph. Soon after he commenced

business in this place, he ascertained that crystalized ginseng root sold very high in China, being used as a remedy for the plague, which was then raging there.

He therefore concluded to embark in a traffic of this article, and consequently made an investment of all the means which he commanded, in that way and manner which was necessary to carry on a business of this kind, viz., crystalizing and exporting the root.

When he had obtained a quantity of the same, a merchant by the name of Stevens, of Royalton, offered him three thousand dollars for what he had; but my husband refused his offer, as it was only

about twothirds of its real value, and told the gentleman that he would rather venture shipping it himself.

My husband, in a short time, went to the city of New York, with the view of shipping his ginseng, and finding a vessel in port which was soon to set sail, he made arrangements with the caphe was to sell the ginseng in China, andtain to this effect—that

return the avails thereof to my husband; and this the captain

bound himself to do, in a written obhgation.

Mr. Stevens, hearing that Mr. Smith was making arrangements to ship his ginseng, repaired immediately to New York, and,

by taking some pains, he ascertained the vessel on board of which

Mr. Smith had shipped his ginseng; and having some of the same

article on hand himself, he made arrangements with the captain to take his also, and he was to send his son on board the vessel to take charge of it.

It appears, from circumstances that afterwards transpired, that the ginseng was taken to China, and sold there to good adHISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 99

vantage, or at a high price, but not to much advantage to us, for we never received any thing, except a small chest of tea, of the avails arising from this adventure.

When the vessel returned, Stevens, the younger, also returned with it, and when my husband became apprized of his arrival, he went immediately to him and made inquiry respecting the success of the captain in selling his ginseng. Mr. Stevens told him quite

a plausible tale, the particulars of which I have forgotten; but the

amount of it was, that the sale had been a perfect failure, and the only thing which had been brought for Mr. Smith from China was

a small chest of tea, which chest had been delivered into his care, for my husband.

In a short time after this, young Stevens hired a house of

Major Mack, and employed eight or ten hands and commenced the business of crystalizing ginseng. Soon after engaging in this

business, when he had got fairly at work, my brother. Major Mack,

went to see him, and, as it happened, lg found him considerably intoxicated. When my brother came into his presence, he spoke

to him thus, "Well, Mr. Stevens, you are doing a fine business; you

will soon be ready for another trip to China."Then observed

again, in a quite indifferent manner, "Oh, Mr. Stevens, how much

did Brother Smith's adventure bring?"Being under the influence

of liquor, he was not on his guard, and took my brother by the hand and led him to a trunk; then opening it, he observed, "There,

sir, are the proceeds of Mr. Smith's ginseng!"exhibiting a large

amount of silver and gold.

My brother was much astounded at this; however, he disguised his feelings, and conversed with him a short time upon different subjects, then returned home, and about ten o'clock the

same night he started for Randolph, to see my husband.

When Mr. Stevens had overcome his intoxication, he began to

reflect upon what he had done, and making some inquiry concerning my brother, he ascertained that he had gone to Randolph. Mr.

Stevens, conjecturing his business—that he had gone to see my

husband respecting the ginseng adventure, went immediately to his establishment, dismissed his hands, called his carriage, and fled with his cash for Canada, and I have never heard anything concerning him since.

100 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

My husband pursued him a while, but finding pursuit vain, returned home much dispirited at the state of his affairs. He then

went to work to overhaul his accounts, in order to see how he stood with the world; upon which he discovered that, in addition

to the loss sustained by the China adventure, he had lost about two thousand dollars in bad debts. At the time he sent his venture to China he was owing eighteen hundred dollars in the city of

Boston, for store goods, and he expected to discharge the debt at the return of the China expedition; but, having invested almost all

his means in ginseng, the loss which he suffered in this article rendered it impossible for him to pay his debt with the property which remained in his hands. The principal dependence left him,

in the shape of property, was the farm at Tunbridge, upon which we were then living, having moved back to this place immediately after his venture was sent to China. This farm, which was worth

about fifteen hundred dollars, my husband sold for eight hundred dollars, in order to make a speedy payment on the Boston debt;

and, as I had not used the check of one thousand dollars, which my brother and Mr. Mudget gave me, I added it to the eight hundred dollars obtained for the farm, and by this means the whole

debt was liquidated.

While we were living on the Tunbridge farm, my brother

Jason made us a visit. He brought with him a young man by the name

of William Smith, a friendless orphan, whom he had adopted as his own son, and, previous to this time, had kept constantly with him;

but he now thought best to leave him with us, for the purpose of having him go to school. He remained with us, however, only six

months before my brother came again and took him to New Brunswick, which they afterwards made their home, and where my brother had gathered together some thirty families, on a tract of land which he had purchased for the purpose of assisting poor persons to the means of sustaining themselves. He planned their

work for them, and when they raised anything which they wished to sell, he took it to market for them. Owning a schooner himself,

he took their produce to Liverpool, as it was then the best market.

When Jason set out on the abovementioned visit to Tunbridg, he purchased a quantity of goods, which he intended as

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 101

presents for his friends, especially his mother and sisters; but, on

his way thither, he found so many objects of charity, that he gave away not only the goods, but most of his money. On one occasion,

he saw a woman who had just lost her husband, and who was very destitute; he gave her fifteen dollars in money, and a full suit of

clothes for herself and each of her children, which were six in number.

This was the last interview I ever had with my brother Jason, but, twenty years later, he wrote the following letter to my brother Solomon, and that is about all the intelligence I have ever received from him since I saw him:

South Branch of Ormucto, Province of New Brunswick,

June 30, 1835.

My Dear Brother Solomon:

You will, no doubt, be surprised to hear that I am still alive, although in an absence of twenty years I have never written to you before. But I trust you will forgive me when I tell you that, for most

of the twenty years, I have been so situated that I have had little or no communication with the lines, and have been holding meetings, day and night, from place to place; besides, my mind has been so taken up with

the deplorable situation of the earth, the darkness in which it lies, that, when my labors did call me near the lines, I did not realize the opportunity which presented itself of letting you know where I was. And>

again, I have designed visiting you long since, and annually have promised myself that the succeeding year I would certainly seek out my relatives, and enjoy the privilege of one pleasing interview with them before I passed into the valley and shadow of death. But last, though

not least, let me not startle you when I say, that, according to my early adopted principles of the power of faith, the Lord has, in his exceeding kindness, bestowed upon me the gift of healing by the prayer of faith, and the use of such simple means as seem congenial to the human system;

but my chief reliance is upon him who organized us at the first, and can restore at pleasure that which is disorganized.

The first of my peculiar successes in this way was twelve years since, and from nearly that date I have had little rest. In addition to

the incessant calls which I, in a short time had, there. was the most

overwhelming torrent of opposition poured down upon me that I ever witnessed. But it pleased God to take the weak to confound the wisdom

of the wise. I have in the last twelve years seen the greatest manifesta102 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tions of the power of God in healing the sick, that, with all my sanguinity,

I ever hoped or imagined. And when the learned infidel has declared

with sober face, time and again, that disease had obtained such an ascendency that death could be resisted no longer, that the victim must wither beneath his potent arm, I have seen the almost lifeless clay slowly but surely resuscitated, and revive, till the pallid monster fled so far that the patient was left in the full bloom of vigorous health. But it is God

that hath done it, and to him let all the praise be given.

I am now compelled to close this epistle, for I must start immediately on a journey of more than one hundred miles, to attend a heavy case of sickness; so God be with you all. Farewell!

Jason Mack.

The next intelligence we received concerning Jason, after his letter to Brother Solomon, was, that he, his wife, and oldest son, were dead, and this concludes my account of my brother Jason.

WATCHMAN, WHAT OF THE NIGHT?

BY LYDIA D. ALDER.

O, watchman, what of the night?

Dawns not yet the morning light?

World, hear the watchman's cry;

The perfect day draweth nigh.

Glad tidings o'er the mountains ring, through ev'ry woody dell;

King Jesus Christ, comes now to earth; 0, hear the echoes swell.

All kingdoms now are his, all subjects lowly bend the knee.

Lo! his star in heaven is seen; 0, night of darkness, flee!

The glory of his presence, ere long, on thee shall fall,

Lo, from the towers of Zion, hear the watchman's call:

Arise and shine, 0, Zion, in bridal robes arrayed;

Bind flow'ry chaplets on thy brow, that never more will fade.

Moan and pine no longer, nor a widow banished be.

For thy sorrow's night is over, and the shadows flee from thee.

WATCHMAN, WHAT OF THE NIGHT? 103

The glory of Christ's presence, 0, soon on thee will fall;

Lo! from the towers of Zion, hear the watchman's call:

0, glorious day, millennial morn, ye saints arise and sing;

Triumphant down the blazing skies, Christ other saints will bring,

To reign, to rule, on earth with him a thousand years to be.

And gladly serve their King, throughout eternity.

O'er all the earth, the gladsome day wakes the sorrowing heart;

Joy beams on faded faces, that will never more depart.

The night is past, the watchmen cry, the longedfor day is come,

Ye, who have waited for the Lord, will hear his voice, "well done."

A glory rests on earth and sky, around the dear Lord's form.

Behold they come to earth with him, 0, Church of the First Born,

Ye who have wept, weep, weep no more, for now all tears have end,

Behold the Rock you've built everlasting Friend! upon,—your

He's victor over Death and Hell; the Tempter 's bound in chains.

The temples open wide their doors, their glory never wanes.

Mortals meet immortal ones, where the altar's burnished gold

Reflects transcendent splendor, on those that thus behold.

Comes, too, a resurrection day, the graves of saints unbarred.

And forth in robes of glistening white, come they who love the Lord.

But o'er the scene the curtain draw, lest we transported be.

Or from our bonds and fetters, we cry, "let us be free."

God give us strength to overcome, and join that happy band,

The saints that have been faithful, and come from ev'ry land;

0, haste the day, dear Savior, when all shall cry as one;

"We have obeyed thy mandate, behold, 'all nations'come."

CHOICE SELECTIONS.

The Punishment of Indolence* One of the saddest sights in the world is that of a soul which has been starved by indolence, an undeveloped, stunted man, who has never sufficiently exerted himself to unfold his godlike power, to cultivate his finer sentiments and faculties.

It is not necessary for a man to be actively bad, in order to make a failure of life, simple inaction will accomplish it. Nature

has everjrwhere written her protest against idleness; everything

which ceases to struggle, which remains inactive, rapidly deteriorates. It is the struggle toward an ideal, the constant effort to

get higher and further, which develops manhood and character.

All occupations and avenues of endeavor are overcrowded to the indolent, the nerveless and the incompetent. There is no room

anjrwhere for a lazy man without sufficient ambition to enable him to rise. The world is looking for the man who can produce results,

the leader, the aggressive man, and the man who has a purpose.

No field is overcrowded for the original man who can think for himself and is not afraid of hard work. The young men who are crying that there is no chance, that the trusts have ruined their

opportunities, would not succeed anjrwhere.

The cry of overcrowded positions is a bugbear only to the weak and the incompetent. Those who feel the power within them

to make their place in the world never give "no chance"as an excuse for inaction. Success.

A Definition of Character.

In art, character is everything. I have seen many who have

been able to do good work, who possessed the art faculty, of

CHOICE SELECTIONS. 105

whom people would say, "What clever fellows!"Their work possessed promise, yet in the long fight, they lost because they lacked

character.

You will ask me what I mean by character. I mean, first,

late morality. No man has gained anything by bad habits,—drink,

hours, or bad company. Prof. Hubert Herkomer, the Painter.

Give the Boy a Chance.

If a man have a fifty dollar bull pup, he will look after it carefully, and not let it run all over town at night. But if he have

a boy, it is different; the boy is turned loose at a tender age, to

go to the bad. And yet people wonder where the members of the

army of loafers, cigarette fiends and gamblers come from. They

are germinated from the pure seed gathered at home and sown broadcast on the streets and alleys. The boy ought to be given

an equal chance with the bull pup. Catholic Sun.

Ttuc to His Old Friend.

An old man was leading a thin old horse across the commons in the northern part of the city, when a passerby asked him where he was going.

'I'm searching for a bit of green for the poor beast,"he answered.

*Td send him to the boneyard or the glue factory,"said the other contemptuously.

"Would you?"asked the old man in a trembling voice, "if he

had been the best friehd you had in the world and helped you to earn food for your family for nearly twentyfive years? If the

children that's gone and the children that's livin'had played with their arms around his neck and their heads on him for a pillow, when they had no other? Sir, he's carried us to mill and to meetin', an'please God he shall die like a Christian, an'I'll bury him

with these old hands. Nobody'll ever abuse old 'Bill, for if I go

afore him there are those who will look after him."

"I beg your pardon,"said the man who had accosted him, "there's a difference in people."

106 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Yes,"said the old man; as he passed on with his fourfooted

friend. Detroit Free Press.

Dissolving: Doubts.

For all persons troubled with doubts and intellectual difficulties we have here the true method of their dissolution. Every

faculty has its own work. You cannot make one sense do the

work of the other sense. The tongue can taste the cluster of

grapes, but the tongue cannot help you hear the song. The eye

is the work ofsees mountain and cloud, but it will not feel—that

the fingers. Reason can collect arguments, and memory can recall

the past; and the religious faculty has its own work in giving

direct access to God. There is, indeed, a fragmentary way of

knowing God that comes through the lower faculties, as children may know their parents by the lower senses. The babe is upon its

mother's bosom. The little creature thinks it knows its mother.

It knows that the mother satisfies hunger, that the mother gives warmth through raiment, that the mother can soothe and rest its tired body. Should you ask this little child, grown to ten years of

age, if she knows her mother, she would make immediate response that she knows her through and through. Yet not until that child

has come to womanhood and has had children of her own has she any deep heart recognition of what she owes that parent. Years

from now, when her own children are ten years of age, this mature daughter will return to the home of her childhood, and the long, tender embrace will tell this grayhaired mother that at last her daughter knows how much she owes to the mother who carried her weakness and ignorance and sickness, and bore her sorrows.

It is only by love that we understand God's infinite love. Oh, all

ye doubting ones, follow the light you have! You know that the

moral law is right. Obey that to the last jot and title. You know

that Jesus Christ is earth's most pure and radiant spirit. Follow

his example. Daily read his words. Help the weak as he helped

them. Bear burdens as he bore them. Love the poor as he loved

them. Recover the publican and prodigal as he sought for them.

In the cool of evening find your way into some secret place, and pray as he prayed, and, with your Master's help, you will see that

CHOICE SELECTIONS. 107

the pure in heart see God, who is infinite purity; and at last your

soul shall be satisfied. Dr. Newell Dwight Hillis.

On MafMag:e.

Do not risk your company where there is a danger that your affections shall be attached to an object that is not a Saint of God.

Taking the opposite course has never resulted in good. Evil has

always come about, and if it was my right, I would say to the

Methodist, marry within your church. If it was.my right I would

say to the Baptist, marry within your own church; and I would say

to the Catholic, the Methodist and the Presbyterian, "Don't marry a Latterday Saint girl. I would not have a 'Mormon'girl because

she will make you trouble."I want to protect the Baptist, the

Catholic and the Methodist churches against you 'Mormon'girls.

I have enough love for them to protect them, and I want to protect the Catholic, Methodist and Baptist girls against you 'Mormon'boys. I want to say to the girls that are not of your faith,

"Don't marry a 'Mormon'boy."He will make you trouble just as

sure as you live, unless they repent, and they are not very apt to do that. Don't marry a man to save him; and it is better not to

marry a woman to save her. If you cannot convert them before

marriage, you will have a sorry job afterward. Do your converting and laboring all before, and if you cannot make a convert, then

I say let them alone. Apostle Matthias F. Cowley, in a sermon at

the October conference.

THE CASTLE BUILDER.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF ADDED UPON,")>,MARCUS KING,.

MORMON,"ETC.

PART FIRST.

II.

CELEBRATION OF HARALD'S COUNSEL. BIRTHDAY—GRANDMA'S

The day had been stormy and wet, so the sheep had been penned early. Harald Einersen was doing his chores, in the long,

summer twilight. He did not hurry with his work—there was

plenty of time. The Norwegian day, at this time of the year, and

at this latitude, extends far into the hours of night.

The Gundersen houses, for there were two of them, occupied a small clearing on the gently sloping sides of the hill which extended down to the waters of the Lifjord. Part of this clearing

was grassland, and part of it was planted to rye and potatoesNear one of the huts was a small vegetable garden, and some gooseberry and currant bushes stood in a row from the door down to the spring. Some flowering shrubs could also be seen by the

walls of this hut. The clearing on three sides was enclosed by the

pine and spruce forest. The narrow fjord lay below, across whick

was another sloping hill, with some clearings and log huts upon them. Above the slope was a mountain, which reached back to

other mountains, purple and blue in the distance.

Harald was up in the pines gathering dry twigs for the mor row's cooking. Through the dripping pine branches, he could see

the clouds scurying before the wind from the ocean to their rendezvous around the summit of the Dovre mountains. The rains had

penetrated the sod, and the wild odor of wet woods was in the air.

But to the boy gathering sticks, all this richness of woods and

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 109

mountains, earth and sky, were as if it had never been. Not that

it was altogether lost to him, for in future years, the very essence of it all seemed to find lodgment within his soul, and it gave him joy in many a weary hour.

Harald Einersen lived in the hut nearest the one woods—the

with the flowers by the wall. The flowers had been his mother's.

She had planted them, and had cared for them just a little longer than she had cared for him. In that log hut, Harald had been born,

and there, a few weeks later, his mother had died. He lived there

with his grandmother. His father lived in "the other house,"as

Harald always called the dwelHng across the clearing, on the other side of the spring. Harald was the only child of that first wife;

but his father had married again, and he with his wife and four children occupied "the other house."This latter abode was a small

improvement on the oneroomed hut wherein Harald and his grandmother lived. When Einer Gundersen had courted his second wife,

she had demurred to going intothe oneroomed hut to live with his mother and Harald; so, of necessity, the second house had to be

built, and the grandmother was left in the old, with Harald to keep her company.

These were days of extreme scarcity and poverty. Sometimes

Old Norway, struggling against the disadvantages of soil and climate, failed in supplying her children with bread. Then if the

winter was severe, and the fishing poor, as sometimes happened, it became a daily battle with many of the poorer class to keep life in their bodies. Einer Gundersen had a hard struggle to supply his

family with the bare necessities, and, to make matters worse, he had a craving for drink, which he satisfied as often as he could get money enough to buy a bottle of rum. Sometimes, when he had

work at some neighboring farm house, or obtained a job cutting timber in the forest, he would remain away from home days at a time, after the work was over, and then he would come home as poor as when he went, but with an added nervousness in his step, and with a less fierce and brutal way of whipping his childrenDuring these times, the responsibility of the home affairs rested on

Harald, and especially the care of the small herd of sheep they had in charge for the summer for Merchant Bernhard.

The grass was now growing, and the potatoes and rye were 110 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

food in prospective; but bright prospects could not exactly still

that painful gnawing in the stomach of a growing boy. And, oh,

the food had been a mere pittance during the winter, and was even scarcer now. By the spring stood a barrel full of the soft inner

bark of the fir tree, ground into flour, and placed there to soak out the resinous matter. This flour was made into mush and eaten.

Bones were chopped and cooked, then crushed with a hammer, then ground into flour. Out of this, mush and bread were made.

The tender reindeer moss was also dried and powdered, and even ground rye straw was pressed into service as a help to eke out the meagre food substance.

Harald Einersen was hungrier than ever that evening, up there in the woods. Grandmother had been away all day—she had gone

to Vangen, a distance of nine miles, to deliver some knitting, and she had not yet returned. If the berries had only been ripe—but

it was useless to wish, so he munched the tender shoots which he picked from the trees, and, gathering up his bundle, trudged homeward.

He deposited his bundle under a small shed by the side of the house and then went in. With some dry wood from yesterday's

gathering, he made a fire in the stove. This stove, by the way,

was made of three old iron pots, with their bottoms knocked out, one placed on top of the other, the largest one underneath. The

chimney was built inside the hut and extended from the floor. One

chair and a stool, a small pine board table, two rough bedsteads, one hidden in a corner by a curtain,, a boxlike cupboard, a small, oddlooking bureau, and a spinning wheel, were the chief articles of furniture in the room.

When Harald had gathered up the last bit of bark from his firemaking, grandmother came in. Grandmother could not tolerate rubbish around her stove, so she looked approvingly at the boy.

She deposited a basket on the table, and then, taking the kerchief from her head, sat down to rest a few minutes. Grandmother

could not walk the nine miles to Vangen and back as easily as formerly, and she was tired.

"Well, my boy, I suppose you're hungry."

Harald cast a side glance towards the basket. "Well, I think

I am, grandmother."

THE CASTLE BUILDER. Ill

"Yes; of course you are, my boy. God speed the growing

crops. I saw they are doing well down the road. Have you done

your work for the night? If not, get it finished, and then we'll

see what we've got, my boy."

He went out again. Not that he had much to do, but he suspected there would be some cooking, and he did not wish to be

tantalized by the delicious odors. In half an hour his grandmother

called, "Come in, my boy, come in. I've got something for you

but stay, Harald, we are getting greedy. Run over and ask the

children to come. Poor dears, its little enough they have had this

day, I am sure."

Harald soon came back with his two brothers, Holger and

Jens, and his little sister, Hulda, whom he carried in his arms.

They all came noisily into grandmother's house, and then how they stared and sniffed!

"Now then, behave yourselves, children, or not a mouthful you get,"commanded grandmother, as she shook the wooden mush ladle at the noisy company. "Jens, you stand here, and Holger

there, and you, Hulda, you may sit in grandmother's chair. Harald,

draw up your stool."

So they all stood or sat around the Uttle board table while grandmother gave each of them a small plateful of steaming mush. "Be careful, now,"she gave them warning, "don't be too greedy, and burn your mouths. Take your time there, Jens, you

know you haven't any milk to cool it with."

"0, how nice!"said Holger.

"I believe there's wheat flour in it,"remarked Jens.

"Now Hsten to that!"exclaimed the cook. "He beUeves there

is wheat flour in it. I tell you, Jens Einersen, that that mush is

finest to be had in Merchantmade of onehalf wheat flour—the

Bernhard's store, too."

Then there arose a chorus of exclamations and expressions of delight and gratification. The children took small spoonfulls from

the edge of the dainty mass, and prolonged the pleasure as long as possible, but at length the last mouthful disappeared.

'"Now, wait a minute,"said grandmother, and the children became suddenly very quiet. Was there something more? What

112 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a wonder grandmother was, to be sure! Yes; out came a plate,

and on it was a pile of warm pancakes. They were not much

larger around than the top of a teacup, and their thickness was nothing to speak of, but they were pancakes, anyway, and not made of bark or bone, but of beautiful white flour; and right in the

middle of each cake rested a large raisin, surrounded by perhaps a dozen smaller ones arranged in a circle. The children could hardly

believe their eyes, but they said nothing, for fear they were not intended for them.

"Now then,"said grandmother, "I am going to give each of you one of these cakes. These are made of all wheat flour, and

the raisins were given to you by little Thora Bernhard. Some day

you must all thank her for them, as she is a good girl, God bless her. Sh—listen, we are celebrating Harald's birthday today. Today he is fourteen years old. Did you know that, Harald?"

"I had forgotten it, grandmother."

"Yes, I knew you had, so I gave you this surprise,"she chuckled over the success of her plan, and Harald indeed looked the happy boy he was at that moment.

The raisins were carefully picked away from the cakes. The

cakes were then dispatched, and the raisins were kept, to be minced at leisurely. When the three children had been dismissed,

grandmother turned to Harald and said:

"Harald, I saw you give Hulda most of your mush. It was

hardly a taste for you, and you so hungry. Now, it's your birthday and you must have enough to eat for this once. See, I have

saved a big platefull for you, and here are some cakes and the raisins which Thora sent. She said they were for the children, but

I knew by the way she talked that she wished you to have your full share. She told me what happened down by the rocks the other day."

"0, Grandmother,"said the boy, and then he choked. The

tears stood in his eyes. "You haven't had any yet,"he said.

"I had a good dinner at Vangen, I'm not hungry, but I'll keep you company, anyway!"and she, too, took a spoon and ate.

Outside, the rain had begun again, and the evening was quite dark. The fire in the potstove had gone down. Grandmother put

more wood in, and when it blazed up well, she took away the piece of sheet iron that served for a door, and let the dancing light shine * THE CASTLE BUILDER. 113

into the room. She then drew up her chair to the fire, and placed a

low stool near it. The boy having finished his supper, the dishes

were cleared away. Grandmother then got her knitting, and took

her seat by the stove.

''Come, my boy,"she said,"you need not spin tonight"—it had

been the custom for Harald to spin yarn while she knitted. She

did her spinning during the day—"Come sit down by the stove, on

this stool while I talk to you."

The boy obeyed. She was both father and mother to him.

During the fourteen years of his life, he had known no other true counselor, no other true friend. From her, he had received what

he had known of kindness; from her he had obtained his crude

ideas of hfe and the world; and from that kindly, deeplymarked soul,

he had drawn his childish dreams and boyish ambitions.

"You are fourteen years old today, Harald. You are getting

to be quite a man. Fourteen years ago, I remember it today,—yes,

well."Grandmother mused, while the needles nearly stopped their click. The boy looked into the fire.

"And, Harald, my boy, I want you to continue to be a man.

You haven't had much chance in the world yet, but you will have your chances, many of them, and I want you take advantage of them as they come.

"Your grandfather used to say that he could trace his ancestry back to Harald Haarfagre, and he was not a little proud in the boast that he was of the ancient royal lineage. I don't know

I alwaysabout that—I never took much interest in such matters.

said that it matters very little what our forefathers were, but it matters very much what we are; and whether you, my boy, have in

you the blood of Viking kings, or whether you have not, what you amount to will depend upon your own endeavors. I want you to

remember that, Harald."

"Yes, grandmother."

"Your present povertystricken condition must not daunt you.

Your extremely humble beginning must not make you discouraged.

What credit has he who is born into socalled wealth and honor?

Of far greater worth is your condition, my boy, down here at the bottom of the ladder, with energy and heart to climb by your own 114IMPROVEMENT ERA

and God's help to the top. Remember, He who became the greatest of all, first became the humblest and lowliest of all. The

whole, vast, upward region is before you. Oh, what a career is

yours, if you but will it!

"But, my boy, in all you do, trust in God. In all your trials,

and you will have many,see beyond the sore present into the blessed future. Your faith must never forsake you. God is behind

everything, remember that. Outside, the air is dark, and the

black clouds hang low over the earth, yet if you think a moment, you will know that out beyond, above the clouds, shines unhindered the glorious sun. So it is with God and His providences. And

now, we will read one chapter from the Bible and go to bed.

Harald, get it for me."

But Harald did not move, and when the grandmother looked down at him, she saw his tired head resting against her knee. The

boy was asleep. Not that he was disinterested in his grandmother's

words, for she often talked to him in the same encouraging strain, but he was so tired, and tonight he had had an extra plate of mush for supper.

Grandmother said no more, but ran her fingers through the brown hair, smiling to herself.

( To be continued.)

ACHIEVEMENT.

'Tis the coward who stops at misfortune;

'Tis the knave who changes each day;

'Tis the fool who wins half the battle,

Then throws all his chances away.

There's little in fife but labor,

And tomorrow may prove but a dream,

Success is the bride of Endeavor,

And luck but a meteor's gleam,

John T. Moore, in Success.

PROPHECY FULFILLED,

BY JAMES H. MARTINEAU, UTAH PIONEER, AND RESIDENT OF

COLONIA JUAREZ, MEXICO.

It has often occurred to the writer that many of the younger members of the Church, not having given much attention to the subject, do not understand and appreciate as fully as they ought the powers and authority of the holy priesthood conferred by our

Father upon his children. Almost without exception the saints

can truthfully testify that through faith and power of the priesthood the sick are healed, also the deaf, the dumb, the blind and the lame. Thousands of living witnesses can testify that this is

true. But there are many, who, while they know this, do not

seem to realize that the same power which can heal the sick and afflicted can also bless our domestic animals when needful, and control and bless the elements for the good of the saints and prosperity of the work of the Lord; that by power and authority of

the holy priesthood men holding it may, today as in ages past, cause the rains of heaven to descend or be witheld; streams of water to

increase their volume, and living springs break forth in places where water never yet had run; that untimely frosts may be

stayed, and that a barren soil may be filled with life and fertility.

Yet all this is possible and true: all this has been accomplished, as

the writer can testify from actual, personal observation and experience during a period of over fifty years in these western lands.

And while these marvelous changes have occurred, it has not been through chance, but because of blessings that have been pronounced upon the lands, waters and climate, by elders holding proper authority, and in fulfillment of prophecy uttered 'by them; to a

few of which instances attention will now be called.

116 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

When Utah was first settled by the pioneers it was a desert so dry and parched, so barren and drear, it seemed impossible to create in it a home for the weary pilgrims who first beheld its sage brush valleys and stupendous peaks; but the servant of God said

prophetically, "Here will we build the temple of our God."This

declaration carried with it the necessary conclusion that here the

Church would build up a new commonwealth of farms, villages and cities, of gardens and fields, flocks and herds. To this end, he who

held authority to do so blessed the land that it should be fertile;

the waters, that they should increase; the climate, that the rains

of heaven should descend and that crops might mature. A mountaineer, many years a resident, well acquainted with the climate

and with the soil, declared that no crops could be grown—he would

give a thousand dollars for the first bushel of corn grown. To all

human appearance, he was right, not having the inspiration of the

Holy Spirit to enlighten him; but time proved he was wrong. The

prophecy has been blessings sealed upon the land by fulfilled,—the

authority of the holy priesthood were sealed and honored also in the heavens, and the result is marvelous to behold.

The young and middle aged cannot today realize what Utah was fifty years ago. Instead of the luxuriant fields of today, one might

travel day after day and see scarcely any grass,—nothing but sage

brush, greasewood and sunflowers. Valleys like Cache and Bear

Lake, which for years could produce nothing but pasturage and hay, because of cold and frost, are now, and for years past, fruitful gardens. When Cache valley was first settled, there was frost

every month of the year, and so in Bear Lake. But the blessing

of the Lord prevailed; the frosts abated, the climate changed, and

the rains began to come in the dry season so that today thousands of acres produce excellent crops of grain without artificial irrigation.

The writer remembers well when certain lands about Bountiful were not thought worth taking as a gift, because of lack of water for irrigation, without which nothing could be grown. That

locality today declares the blessings and prophecies of the servants of God fulfilled.

And so has it been in other places. In March, 1851, the

writer went to the present location of Payson to make a home.

PROPHECY FULFILLED. 117

Not a house was then built by any of the five families who had recently settled there. The writer was told he could have plenty

of land—but no water. They said there was not enough for the

five families then on the ground, and that the entire stream could run in a single plow furrow. Today all that locality is a garden,

sustaining thousands of souls.

Denied a place at Payson, the writer went on to Iron county, settling at Louisa, as Parowan was first named by Apostle George

A. Smith in honor of Louisa Beeman. During the first season there

was an almost total loss of field crops because of water famine; the

soil beneath the surface was dry and porous, and the water turned upon it could scarcely be made to spread over the ground, but went right down into the earth.

In May, 1851, President Young with a large company visited

Parowan, and at a public meeting held there on the 11th of that month, the scarcity of water was referred to, and the Prophet

Heber C. Kimball made the following prophecy: "As the needs of

the people for water increase in these valleys of the mountains, so shall the waters increase. Write it down, for it is true."The

writer heard the prophecy and blessing, and made record thereof in the stake record and in his own. Now, thousands of acres there

produce bountiful harvest each year. The waters have increased as

was foretold.

And the climate there has changed also. During all the nine

fruityears the writer lived in Parowan, his apple trees—a hardy

were killed right down to the ground every winter by the extreme cold and frost; now more tender trees and fruits flourish there.

And such has been the case in many places in which the saints have settled, and it has been because the lands and all pertaining thereto have been dedicated and blessed by authority of the holy priesthood.

Upon occasion of a visit made in the early 50's to the new settlement named Washington, in southern Utah, by Apostles George

A. Smith and Amasa Lyman with others, the writer accompanying

them, the party stopped one day for noontide lunch at a small spring which ran but a few yards and then sank away in the sand.

In order to get a drink, and unable to dip up any water with a cup because of shallowness, the writer was obliged to dip it a spoonful 118 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

at a time, until a cup could be filled. About twenty years afterwards in passing again over the same route, a wonderful transformation was presented: where had been a spring too small to dip a

cup for water, now was a small hamlet of several families, with shade and fruit trees, gardens, flowers and fields sufficient to sustain them. Thus was the prophecy fulfilled in this place.

When the Mexican colonies were planted, their lands were blessed and dedicated, and the same results have followed to some extent, for the early settlers of Colonia Juarez testify that since that colony was planted, the waters of Rio Piedras Verdes, which run through it, have increased full onethird or more in volume.

For over fifty years, it has been the lot of the writer as U. S.

Deputy Surveyor of public lands and mines, as engineer and explorer, and for twentyfive years in Iron and Cache counties one of the regularly organized minuteme, whose duty it was to be ready at any hour of the day or night to go on Indian military travel many thousand miles through lands at the timeservice,—to

almost always uninhabited save by Indians. In traversing the same

regions afterwards, the writer has found in very many places that new springs had broken forth where water had never before run, sometimes in most unlikely places; and sometimes large tracts, previously dry and desolate, had become covered with waving grass,

often thick and tall enough for hay. And so to the natural eye of

man has it become apparent that the blessings of the priesthood upon the land have been thus far fulfilled to the very letter, also the words of prophecy uttered by the servants of the Lord.

If any still doUbt, let them read here words spoken by the

Prophet Joseph, March 27, 1836, in the temple in Kirtland: he told

the congregation "not to fear to prophesy good concerning the saints, for if you prophesy the falling of these hills and the rising of the valleys, the downfall of the enemies of Zion, and the rising of the kingdom of God, it shall come to pass."

CHARACTERISTICS OF DEITY, FROM A

MORMON'VIEWPOINT.

BY B. H. ROBERTS.

PART II—PLURALITY OF GODS, AND FUTURE POSSIBILITIES FOR MAN.

But there are some expressions of scripture to consider which speak of the "oneness"of God. Speaking of the question which

agitated the early Christian Church about eating meats offered to idols, Paul says: "We know that an idol is nothing in the world,

and that there is none other God but one."* Moreover, Jesus

is, strange untilhimself made this rather strange remark—that

one understands it: "I and my Father are one;"and so much one

that he said, "He that hath seen me hath seen the Father. * *

Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me?

the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the

Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. BeHeve me that

I am in the Father, and the Father in me."t Consequently our

philosophers, especially those who lived when the present Christian creeds concerning God were formulated, thought that by some legerdemain or other they must make the three Gods—the Father,the Son and the Holy one person—being; and therefore Ghost—just

they set their wits at work to perform the operation.

But let us seek out some reasonable explanation of this language. I refer again to the passage I just quoted from the writ-

* I Cor. 8:4.

tJohn 14.

120 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ings of Paul with reference to there being "none other God but one."Immediately following what I read on that point comes this

language For though there be that are called Gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be Gods many, and Lords many.) But to us there is

\mt one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and

one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him.*

Now I begin to understand. "To us,"that is, pertaining to us,

"there is but one God."Just as to the English subject there is

but one sovereign, so "to us"there is but one God. But that no

more denies the existence of other Gods than the fact that to the

Englishman there is but one sovereign denies the existence of other rulers over other lands. While declaring that "to us there

is but one God,"the passage itself also plainly says that there be "Gods many and Lords many,"and it is a mere assumption of the preachers that reference is made only to heathen gods.

Again, we shall find help in the following passage in the 14th chapter of John:

At that day ye shall know that I am in the Father, and ye in me, and I in you.

Observe this last scripture, I pray you, "I in you,"and "ye in me,"as well as Jesus being in the Father. This oneness existing

between God the Father and God the Son can amount to nothing more than this: that Jesus was conscious of the indwelling presence

of the Spirit of the Father within him, hence he spoke of. himself

and his Father as being one, and the Father within him doing the works. But mark you, not only are the disciples to know that the

Father is in him, that is in Christ, and that Jesus is in the Father, but the disciples also are to be in Jesus. In what way? Jesus

himself has furnished the explanation. When the solemn hour of

his trial drew near, and the bitter cup was to be drained to the very dregs, Jesus sought God in secret prayer, and in the course of that prayer he asked for strength of the Father, not only for himself, but for his disciples also. He said:

And now I am no more in the world, but these [referring to his disciples] are in the world, and I come to Thee. Holy Father, keep through

* I Cor,, viii, 4-6.

CHARACTERISTICS OF DEITY. 121

thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.*

Now I begin to see this mystery of "oneness."What does he

mean when he prays that the disciples that God had given him should be one, as he and the Father are one? Think of it a moment, and while you are doing so I will read you this

Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word; that they all may be one: as thou Father,

art in me, and I in Thee, that they also may be one in us.f

Does that mean that the persons of all these disciples, whose resurrection and immortality he must have looked forward to, shall all be amalgamated into one person, and then that one fused into him or he into that one, and then the Father consolidated into the oneness of the mass? No; a thousand times no, to such a proposition

as that. But as Jesus found the indwelling Spirit of God within

him, so he would have that same Spirit indwelling in his disciples, as well as those who should believe on him through their testimony, in all time to come; and in this way become of ne mind,

actuated by one will. It must have been thoughts such as these

that prompted Paul to say to the Ephesians:

For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus

Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, that he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man; that Christ may dwell in your

hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able

to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height; and to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that

ye might be filled with all the fullness of God.

So that this oneness is not a oneness of persons, not a oneness of individuals, but a oneness of mind, of knowledge, of wisdom, of purpose, of will, that all might be uplifted and partake of the divine nature, until God shall be all in all. This is the explanation

of the mystery of the oneness both of the Godhead and of the disciples for which Jesus prayed.

There are several other items in this branch of the subject

* John 17. t John 17. 122 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that would be of interest to discuss: but I must pay a little attention to the second indictment brought against us by sectarian ministers on the question of the plurality of Gods.

We have already shown that the Father, the Son, and the

Holy Ghost are three separate and distinct persons, and, so far as personaHty is concerned, are three Gods. Their "onenes"consists

in being possessed of the same mind; they are one, too, in wisdom,

in knowledge, in will and purpose, but as individuals they are three, each separate and distinct from the other, and three is plural.

Now, that is a long way on the road towards proving the plurality of Gods. But, in addition to this, I would like to know from our

critical sectarian ministers who complain of this partfriends—the

of our of the following expressions, carefully faith—the meaning

selected from the scriptures:

"The Lord your God is God of Gods, and Lord of Lords."* That

is from Moses.

"The Lord God of Gods, the Lord God of Gods, he knoweth, and Israel he shall know."t That is from Joshua.

"0 give thanks unto the God of Gods! * * give thanks

to the Lord of Lords!"| That is David.

"And shall speak marvelous things against the God of Gods."

That is Daniel.

"The Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of Lords and

theKing of Kings."|| That is the beloved disciple of Jesus—John

Revelator.

Had I taken such expressions from the lips of the pagan kings or false prophets who are sometimes represented as speaking in the scriptures, you might question the propriety of making such quotations in support of the doctrine I teach; but since these expressions come from prophets and recognized servants of God, I

ask those who criticise our faith in the matter of a plurahty of

Gods to explain away these expressions of the scriptures. Furthermore, there is Paul's language, in his letter to the Corinthians

*Deut. 10: 17.

t Josh. 22:22.

$Psalml36:2, 3.

Danielll: 36.

II Rev. 17: 14.

CHARACTERISTICS OF DEITY. 123

already quoted, where he says, "that there be Gods many, and Lords many, whether in heaven or in earth."Had his expression been

confined to those that are called gods in earth, it is possible that there might be some ground for claiming that he had reference to the heathen gods, and not true Gods; but he speaks of those that

'are Gods in heaven"as well as of gods in earth. Right in line

with this idea is the following passage from the Psalms of the

Prophet David: "God standeth in the congregation of the mighty;

he judgeth among the Gods."* These undoubtedly are the Gods in

heaven to whom Paul alludes, among whom the God referred to stands; among whom he judges. This is no reference to the

heathen gods, but to the Gods in heaven.

In this same Psalm, too, is the passage which seems to introduce some telling evidence from the Lord Jesus Christ himself, viz.,

"I have said ye are Gods; and all of you are the children of the

Most High."You remember how on one occasion the Jews took

up stones to stone Jesus, and he called a halt for just a moment;

for he wanted to reason with them about it. He said:

Many good works have I showed you from my Father; for which of

those works do ye stone me?

Their answer was

For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because

that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.

What an opportunity here for Jesus to teach them that there was but one God! How easily, too, had he been so disposed, he

could have explained about his "human nature"and his "divine nature,"and showed to them the distinction; for these words

have become part of the phraseology of Christian polemics. But

he did not do that. On the contrary, he affirmed the plurality of

Gods. He said to them:

7s it not written in your law, I said, Ye are Gods? If he called them

Gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken; say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into

the world. Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God? If I

* Psalm 82: 1.

124 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

do not the works of my Father, believe me not. But if I do, though ye

believe not me, believe the works..

Higher authority on this question cannot be quoted than the

Son of God himself. While there is much more that could and

doubtless ought to be said on that branch of the subject, I must leave it here because I have still another matter to present to you, on another branch of the subject; and that is, our third offense,

namely, our belief that there is a possibility, through development, through growth, through doing what Jesus admonished his disciples to do—''Be ye perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perthe sons of God, somewhere and some time, may risefect"—that

to a dignity that the Father and our Elder Brother have alreadj attained unto.

Is there any doubt about men being the sons of God? If I

thought there was any in your mind, I would like to read to you the words of an authority upon the question. Paul, in speaking of

the unknown God to whom the Athenians had erected an altar, said to them:

God that made the world and all things therein * * * ah made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation; that they should seek the Lord, if haply they might

feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:

For in Him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also

of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring. Forasmuch

then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the

Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device.*

Why ought they not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold or silver, graven by art and man's device? Because the very

divinity within them, their own origin from God,ought to have taught them better than to bow down to images of wood and stone, the creations of man's hands. "Ye are the offspring of God,"said the

apostle. And David as quoted a moment ago, said: "I have said:

ye are Gods, and all of you are children of the Most High."Upon

which passage, it must be remembered, Jesus fixed the seal of his

Acts 17: 2429;

CHARACTERISTICS OF DEITY. 125

approval as shown a moment ago, where he quotes it in controversy with the Jews. Is it a strange and blasphemous doctrine, then, to

hold that man at the last shall rise to the dignity that the Father has attained? Is it "heathenish"to believe that the offspring shall

ultimately be what the parent is? My soul, I wonder why men at

all conscious of the marvelous powers within themselves should question this part of our faith. Think for a moment what progress

a man makes within the narrow limits of this life. Regard him as

he lies in the lap of his mother, a mere piece of organized, red pulp newborn babe! There are eyes, indeed, that may see, but can-—a

not distinguish objects; ears that may hear, but cannot distinguish

sounds; hands as perfectly fashioned as yours or mine, but'helpless

withal; feet and limbs, but they are unable to bear the weight of

his body, much less walk. There lies a man in embryo, but helpless.

And yet within the span of three score years and ten, by the marrelous working of that wondrous power within in that little mass of pulp, what a change may be wrought! From that helpless babe

may arise one like Demosthenes, or Cicero, or Pitt, or Burke, or

Fox, or Webster, who shall compel listening senates to hear him, and by his master mind dominate their intelligence and their will, and compel them to think in channels that he shall mark out for them. Or from such a babe may come a Nebuchadnezzar, or an

Alexander, or a Napoleon, who shall found empires and give directions to the course of history. From such a beginning may come

a Lycurgus, a Solon, a Moses, or a Justinian, who shall give constitutions and laws to kingdoms, empires and republics—blessing

happy millions unborn in their day, and directing the course of nations along paths of orderly peace and virtuous liberty. From

the helpless babe may come a Michael Angelo, who from some crude mass of stone from the mountain side shall work out a heavenborn vision that shall hold the attention of men for generations, and make them wonder at the Godlike powers of man that has created an all but living and breathing statue. Or a Mozart,

a Beethoven, or a Handel, may come from the babe, and call out from the silence those melodies and the richer harmonies that lift the soul out of its present narrow prison house, and give it fellowship for a season with the Gods. Out from that pulpbabe may

arise a master mind who shall seize the helm of the ship of state 126 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and give to a nation course and direction through troublesome times, and anchor it at last in a haven of peace, prosperity and liberty; crown it with honor, too, and give it a proud standing

amoung the nations of the earth; while he, the savior of his

country, is followed by the benedictions of his countrymen. And

all this may be done by a man in this life! Nay, it has been done,

between the cradle and the grave—within the span of one short

life. Then what may not be done in eternity by one of these Godmen? Remove from his path the incident of death; or, better yet,

contemplate him as raised from the dead; and give to him in the

full splendor of manhood's estate an immortality—en.dless

may we not hope that he shall accomplish? Whatence—what existlimits can you venture to fix as marking the boundary of his development, of his progress? Are there any limits that can be conceived? Why should there be any limits thought of? Grant immortality to man and God for his guide, what is there in the way

of intellectual, moral and spiritual development that he may not aspire to? If within the short space of mortal life there are men

who rise up out of infancy and so become masters of the elements of fire and water and earth and air that they wellnigh rule them as

Gods, what may it not be possible for them to do in a few hundreds or thousands of millions of years? What may they not do in

eternity? To what heights of power and glory may they not

ascend?

It is idle today to ask men to be satisfied with the old sectarian notions of man's future life, where at best he is to be but one of a minstrelsy, twanging harps and singing to the glory of an incorporeal, bodiless, shapeless, passionless, immaterial, incomprehensible God. Such conceptions of existence no longer satisfy the

longings of the intelligent or spiritualminded man. Growth,

enlargement, expansion for his whole nature, as he recognizes that nature in its intellectual, moral, spiritual and social demands, are what his soul calls for; and the systems of theology that rise not

to the level of these hopes are not worthy man's attention.

Keep these thoughts in mind for a moment, I pray you. That

is, remember the powers in man, what he has attained to in this life, and what it is conceivable for him to attain unto after the resurrection of the dead, when death shall have been removed from

CHARACTERISTICS OF DEITY. 127

Ws pathway. Keep this in mind, while I bring to bear on the

theme under consideration another line of facts.

Let us consider, just for a moment, and in a very simple manner, the universe in which man lives. And let us start with what

we know, and keep well within those lines. First of all, then, as

to the earth itself: Thanks to the knowledge man now has respecting the earth, it is no longer regarded as the center of the

universe, around which revolves sun and moon and stars, that in the ages of darkness were thought to have been created for the sole purpose of giving light by day and by night to the earth. No,

friends, man has learned the true relation of the earth to these other objects in the universe. He knows that the earth is but one

of a number of planets—one of a group of eight—that revolve

regularly around the of the smallest of the group at sun—and one

that. Outside of this group of planets, with whose motions and

the laws thereof man has become familiar, is a vast host of fixed stars; that is, stars that apparently have no motion, or if they do,

their orbits are so immense that man with the unaided eye can not discern call them fixed stars. Our astronomers it—hence we

have learned that these fixed stars are not like the planets which move in their orbits about our sun, but, on the contrary, are like the sun itself, selfluminous bodies, and doubtless like the sun the center of opaque planetary groups; ar at least we may say that

reasoning from analogy, that is regarded as a very probable fact.

On this subject Richard A. Proctor, in his "Other Worlds

Than Ours,"remarks:

To sum up what we have learned so far from the study of the starry heavens—we see that, besides our sun there are myriads of other suns

in the immensity of space; that these suns are large and massive bodies,

capable of swaying by their attraction systems of worlds as important as those which circle around our own sun; that these suns are formed of

elements similar to those which constitute our own sun, so that the worlds which circle round them may be regarded as in all probability similar in constitution to this earth; and that from these suns all forms of

force which we know to be necessary to the existence of organized beings on our earth are abundantly emitted. It seems reasonable to conclude

that these suns are girt round by dependent systems of worlds. Though

we cannot, as in the case of the solar system, actual see such worlds, yet 128 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the mind presents them before us, various in size, various in structure, infinitely various in their physical condition and habitudes.*

With the unaided eye there is ordinarily within the range of our vision some five or six thousand of these fixed stars. With

the aid of the telescope, however, there is brought within the range of man's vision between forty and fifty millions of fixed stars, with the probability existing that all these, as well as those fixed stars of sufficient magnitude to be within the range of our unaided vision are, like our own sun, the centers of groups of opaque planets, which, because they are opaque, cannot be seen by us. But this

is but the beginning of the story of the universe. Immense as are

the numbers of fixed stars to which I have called attention, and their distances so great that in some cases it would take a ray of light a million years to reach us from them, though light moves through space at such speed that it will travel some eight times

I say, as are thesearound the earth in a single second—immense,

numbers of fixed stars discovered to man by the telescope, they are after all but as the first "street lamps"of God's great universe a few of the motes in God's sunbeam. Let me explain. You—but

have seen a ray of sunlight dart into a room through the half drawn curtains, and have observed that it reveals the existence of innumerable motes floating about in the sunbeam. You know that

if the sunbeam should shift into another part of the room it will reveal the existence of motes in that part of the room also—millions of them. So you know that the atmosphere in the whole

room is filled with such motes; that the atmosphere in every room

is, filled with motes;in your house is in that same condition—that

so all the rooms in all the houses of your friends, or in the city; so

also the whole circumambient air of the whole earth. Well, what

man has discovered in space pertaining to the existence of fixed selfluminous bodies, unquestionably the centers ofstars—great,

this, I say, is butplanetary systems the same as our sun is—all

as the sunbeam revealing the existence of a few of the motes that exist in some little corner of a room: for out on the farthest

edge of space explored by man's vision aided by the most powerful helps he csn use, man in contemplation can stand and con-

'Other Worlds Than Ours,"p. 248.

CHARACTERISTICS OF DEITY. 129

ceive of still greater stretches of space filled by still more numerous suns, the centers of planetary systems, than has yet come within the range of man's vision. And standing thus in the midst

of the universe, he begins to comprehend that great truth uttered by

Joseph Smith when he contemplated the creations of the Gods.

"There is no space,"said he, "where there is no kingdom [created world], and there is no kingdom where there is no space, either a greater or a lesser space."But this is beside the subject.

What I want you to do is to think how small and insignificant this earth of ours is, even in comparison with some of the planets of our own system, some of which are hundreds of times larger than our earth. And then the sun, the center of the system, itself

what a speck it is in the universe! Though outweighing the combined mass of all the planets of which he is the center seven hundred and thirty times over, still he is but a point in the universe

To quote the words of an eminent author:

Thus extending our view from the earth to the solar system, from the solar system to the expanse of the group of stars to which we belong, we behold a series of gigantic nebular creations rising up one above another, and forming greater and greater colonies of worlds. No numbers

can express them, for they make the firmament a haze of stars. Uniformity, even though it be the uniformity of magnificence, tires at last,

and we abandon the survey, for our eyes can only behold a boundless prospect and conscience tells us our own unspeakable insignificance.*

And the earth itself, then, what of that? What an insignificant thing it is in the creations of God! With all its islands and

continents; its rivers, lakes and mighty oceans; its mountains and

its valleys; its towns, cities and all the tribes of men, together with

is but a mote inall their hopes and fears and petty ambitions—all

single grain of sand on the sea shore.God's sunbeam—less than a

What I want to ask in the light of these reflections is this:

Is it such a wonderful thing to believe that at the last, one of God's sons shall preside over this little earth as the Godpresident or God of it? That our Father Adam, the "Grand Patriarch"of our race

"Ancient of Days"—"Michael, the him—the Archangel,"—give

it so hard to believe that he shall eventwhat title you will—is

Draper's "Intellectual Development of Europe,"vol 2: p. 292.

130 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ually attain to the dignity of the governorship of this earth, when it is redeemed and sanctified and become one of the glorified spheres of God?

Some of the sectarian ministers are saying that we "Mormons"are ashamed of the doctrine announced by President Brigham

Young to the effect that Adam will thus be the God of this world.

No, friends, it is not that we are ashamed of that doctrine. If

you see any change come over our countenances when this doctrine is named, it is surprise, astonishment, that any one at all capable of grasping the largeness and grandeur of existence and the possibilities in man for growth, for progress, should be so lean of intellect, should have such a paucity of understanding, as to call it in question at all. That is what our change of countenance

for the doctrine Brigham Young taught.means—not shame

I feel that I must have wearied you with so long a discourse; I

know very well I have wearied myself; and yet I am loth to quit

this splendid field for thought. The subject, and our conception of

it, must ever rise up grander than our expression of it is. It is

beyond our power to grasp it and make it plain in words. I can

see in this "Mormon"doctrine of God the highest spirituality which the mind of man is capable of grasping. If our sectarian

friends think that in us there is any drifting from the teachings of our prophets upon this subject, and that we of modern days are growing more spiritual than were they, it is not that we are changing, or leaving the old moorings of our faith; but it is because

they themselves are giving a little more careful attention to our doctrines, and begin to catch their first sight of the grand spirituality which all the while has pervaded our belief in the Gods and

offtheir government, and the heights of glory to which men—the

finally attain. May the Lord bless jou.spring of the Gods—may

Amen.

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH.

SIXTH PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF

LATTERDAY SAINTS.

When it was announced, on October 17, 1901, that Joseph F.

Smith had been by the quorum of the Twelve sustained and set apart as President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and had chosen as his counselors in the First Presidency, Elders John

R. Winder and Anthon H. Lund, there was a universal sentiment of

approval arising from all parts of Zion, and it was generally realized that the Saints felt in their hearts to say, amen.

This was verified when, on Sunday, November 10, the special conference and solemn assembly of the Priesthood ratified, without dissenting voice, the choice made by the apostles. Every stake of

represented either at the assemblyZion, except one—Uintah—was

or by letter transmitting action taken in local conference by the people. All the general authorities were sustained, including

Hyrum Mack Smith as a member of the quorum of Twelve Apostles.

It was a most impressive scene to witness the Priesthood, occupying the elevated stands and the central parts of the great tabernacle, rise to their feet, and, with uplifted hands, each quorum in order, covenant to sustain and uphold the authorities as presented.

This action was followed by the whole congregation, the whole body of the Church, likewise rising to their feet and making in the same manner a like covenant. The voting was done in the following order. President Joseph F. Smith himself presenting all the

names to be voted for: First Presidency, Apostles, Patriarchs,

132 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Presidents of Stakes and their counselors and High Councillors,

High Priests, Seventies, Elders, Bishops and their counselors, the

Lesser Priesthood, (Priests, Teachers, and Deacons,) and the members of the Church including the Priesthood. The unity manifested

among the ten thousand people was something wonderful to behold;

while it must have been as astonishing to the stranger, as it was a means of thrilling joy to the authorities and the true lover of the work of God. Surely such a manifestation of unity must have its

power for good both in the heavens and upon the earth.

With special reference to our Mutual Improvement Associations, it will delight the young men of Zion to learn that already on October 23, 1901, President Smith consented, at the solicitation of the General Board, to become, and was sustained on that day. General Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. in all the world.

He chose as his assistants Heber J. Grant and B. H. Roberts, and

this action was also ratified by the solemn assembly.

From a sketch of President Joseph F. Smith, of whom the

Era presents in this number his favorite portrait, written by

Edward H. Anderson a year ago, the following excerpts are taken

which give some idea of the active life and staunch character of our new President and Superintendent:

It was John Locke, the great characteristic English philosopher, who,'at the age of thirty, wrote:

"I no sooner perceived myself in the world, but I found myself in a storm which has lasted hitherto."

To Joseph F. Smith, who is among the greatest and most

unique and notable individualities of that pecuhar people, the Latterday Saints, this sentence of Locke's is especially applicable. Only

his life was enveloped in storm before he could perceive. He is

the son of Hyrum Smith, the second patriarch of the Church and brother of the Prophet Joseph. His mother was Mary Fielding,

of English origin, a woman of bright and strong mind and of excellent business and administrative qualities.

It was during the Missouri troubles. Governor Boggs had

issued his order to exterminate the "Mormons."On the first day

of November, 1838, through the heartless treachery of Colonel

Hinckle, Joseph and Hyrum and several other leaders of the people were betrayed into the hands of an armed mob under General Clark

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH. 133

They were to be taken prisoners, and confined in jail, and perhaps shot. On the day following, these betrayed leaders were given a

few moments to bid farewell to their families. Under a strong

guard of militia mobocrats, Hyrum was marched to his home in

Far West, and, at the point of the bayonet, with oaths and curses, was ordered to take his last farewell of his wife. For his "doomwas sealed,"and he was told that he would never see her again.

Imagine such a shock to his companion! It would have overpowered and come near ending the life of an ordinary person.

But with the natural strength of her mind, coupled with the sustaining care of God, she was upheld in this fiery trial with its added miseries to follow.

It was on the 13th day of the same month of November, 1838, in the midst of plunderings, and scenes of severest hardships and persecution, that she gave birth to her firstborn who was named Joseph Fielding Smith. In the cold of the following

January, leaving four little ones, under the care of her sister Mercy

R.—children of her husband by a former wife then dead—she

journeyed in a wagon with her infant to Liberty jail in Clay county, where the husband'and father was confined, without trial or conviction, his sole oflense being that he was a "Mormon."She was permitted to visit him in jail, but was later compelled to continue her

flight from Missouri with her children to seek shelter in Illinois.

Such were the stormy environments of birth, and such was the first pilgrimage of the infant Joseph who has since compassed the earth and the islands of the sea, promulgating and defending the principles for which his father endured imprisonment and later martyrdom, and for which his mother suffered untold persecution and distress.

Joseph's early years were spent amid the agitations which culminated in the martyrdom of his uncle and his father on the memorable 27th day of June, 1844. After the abandonment of

the city by the Twelve, and when the majority of the Saints had been driven from Nauvoo, in September, 1846, his mother fled from the city and camped on the west side of the Mississippi river, among the trees on its banks, without wagon or tent, during the bombardment of the city by the mob. Having later succeeded

in making exchanges of property in Illinois for teams and an out134 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fit, she set out for Winter Quarters, on the Missouri river. Joseph,

a lad of only about eight years, drove a yoke of oxen and a wagon most of the distance through the state of Iowa to Winter

Quarters, and his other occupation, after leaving Nauvoo, was principally that of herd boy.

On these western plains he drank in the freedom of the spirit of the West, and developed that physical strength which, notwithstanding his later sedentary occupation, is still observable in his robust, erect and muscular form.

He is a lover of strength and a believer in work. "Labor is

the key to the true happiness of the physical and spiritual being.

If a man possesses millions, his children should still be taught how to labor with their hands; boys and girls should receive a home

training which will fit them to cope with the practical daily affairs of family life, even where the conditions are such that they may not have to do this work themselves; they will then know how to

guide and direct others,"said he, in a recent conversation with the writer.

The great and overpowering desire of all the Saints was to obtain means to gather to the valley. For this purpose, various

kinds of labor was sought in Iowa and neighboring states, from farming to school teaching. In the fall of 1847, he drove a team

for his mother to St. Joseph for the purpose of securing provisions

to make the coveted journey to the Salt Lake valley, in the spring following. The trip was successfully made. * * * *

Leaving Winter Quarters in the spring of 1848, they reached the Salt Lake valley on September 23, Joseph driving two yoke of oxen with a heavy loaded wagon the whole distance. He performed

all the duties of a daywatchman, herdsman and teamster, with other requirements imposed upon the men.

Arriving in the valley, he again had charge of the herds, interchanging with such labors as plowing, canyon work, harvesting and fencing. During this whole time, he never lost an animal entrusted to his care; this notwithstanding the numerous large wolves,

abounding in the valley.

His education was obtained from his mother, who early taught him, in the tent, in the camp, on the prairie, to read the Bible.

He has had no other save that sterner education gathered from

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH. 135

the practical pages of life. But his opportunities in later years

have not gone unused, and there are few collegebred men who delight more in books than Joseph. He is, too, a fair judge of the

manner and matter of books. His leisure for reading is limited,

owing to his constant employment in the affairs of the Church;

but he loves to read books of history, philosophy, science; and has

specially delighted in such authors as Seiss and Samuel Smiles, who may be said to be his favorites. He is fond of music, of which,

though not a judge, he is a great lover, especially enjoying the music of the human voice.

In 1852, his mother died, leaving him an orphan at the age of fourteen. When fifteen years of age, he, with other young men,

was called on his first mission to the Sandwich Islands. The incidents of the journey to the coast by horses, his work in the mountains at a shingle mill for means to proceed, and the embarkment

and journey on the Vaquero for the islands, are sufficient for a long article in themselves; while his labors in the Maui conference,

under President F. A. Hammond, his efforts to learn the language

in the district of Kula, his attack of sickness, the most severe of his life, caused by Panama fever, and his other labors, and varied, trying experiences while there, would fill a volume. He says, "Of

the many gifts'of the Spirit which were manifest through my administration, next to my acquirement of the language, the most prominent was perhaps the gift of healing, and by the power of God the casting out of evil spirits, which frequently occurred."* * *

Returning in 1858, he joined the militia which intercepted

Johnston's army, serving, until the close of hostilities, under Colonel

Thomas Callister. He was later chaplain of Colonel Heber P. Kimball's regiment, with the rank of captain. He took part in many

Indian expeditions, and was in every sense a minute man in the

Utah militia.

In the spring of 1860, he was sent on a mission to Great Britain, driving a fourmule team over the plains for his passage. On

this mission he served nearly three years, returning in the summer of 1863; it was here that the intimacy between President George

Q. Cannon, who presided over the mission, and Joseph F. Smith began; friendship and love for each other were engendered, which

have since grown stronger throughthe intimate careers of two 136 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

beautiful lives. On his return, President Young proposed at a

priesthood meeting that Joseph and his cousin, Samuel, each be given a present of $1,000 to begin life with. President Smith realized in the neighborhood of $75.00, in provisions and merchandise, but mostly a legacy of much annoyance from certain people

who entertained the current belief that he had thus obtained a small fortune. With the exception of the cost of his passage and

stage fare home, which was sent him by his aunt, Mercy E. Thompson, amounting to about $100, he paid his own expenses throughout, as he had done on previous missions. President Smith has

been too busy with his work to make money, and his temporal affairs are a strong testimony to his exclusive devotion to the public good.

He had only been home a short time, when, in the early spring of 1864, he was called to accompany Ezra T. Benson and Lorenzo

Snow on a second mission to the Sandwich Islands to regulate the affairs of that mission, which had been greatly disarranged by the wellknown shrewd and covetous actions of Walter M. Gibson. In

this mission he acted as principal interpreter for the Apostles.

After Gibson was excommunicated from the Church, Joseph was left in charge of the mission, with W. W. Cluff and Alma L. Smith

as his fellowlaborers. It was many months after Gibson had been

cut oif before his people left his jurisdiction and returned to the standard of the Church. Among the works accomplished by Joseph

and his associates on this mission was the selection of the Laie plantation as a gathering place for the Saints, which was afterwards, on their recommendation, purchased by a committee sent for that purpose by President Young, and which has proven a valuable possession for the mission, and for the Church in a general way. Joseph and his aids returned in the winter of 1864-5. * *

It was while on this mission that the drowning incident occurred, frequently mentioned in sketches of President Snow. That

incident, as related by him, who was opposed to the brethren going ashore and who therefore remained on the vessel, notwithstanding he was the youngest of the party, and remained against the protest of his brethren, illustrates two predominating traits in his character: When he is convinced of the truth, he is not afraid to

express himself in its favor to any man on earth. When he does

JOSEPH FIELDING SMIIH. 137

express himself, it is often with such earnestness and vigor that there is frequently danger of his giving offense.

On his return home, he labored in the Church historian's office for a number of years; also as clerk in the endowment house, succeeding Elder John V. Long in that capacity; being in charge,

after the death of President Young, until it was closed. He had

been ordained an Apostle under the hands of President Young, on

July 1, 1866, and on the 8th of October, 1867, he was appointed to fill a vacancy in the quorum of the Twelve Apostles. In the

year following, he was sent with Apostle Wilford Woodruff and

Elder A. 0. Smoot to Utah county, and served one term in the

Provo city council. On February 28, 1874, he went on his second

mission to England, where he presided over the European mission, returning in 1875, after the death of President George A. Smith.

On his return he was appointed to preside over the Davis Stake, until the spring of 1877, when he left on his third British mission, having first witnessed the dedication of the first temple in the

Rocky Mountains, at St. George, April, 1877. He arrived in Liverpool, May 27, and was joined a short time afterwards by Apostle

Orson Pratt, who had been sent to pubhsh new editions of the

Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants. When news arrived of the death of President Young, they were released, arriving home September 27. In August of the following year, he

was sent with Apostle Orson Pratt on a short eastern mission, visiting noted places in the history of the Church in Missouri, Ohio,

New York and Illinois. It was on this trip that they had their

famous interview with David Whitmer. When the First Presidency

was organized, in October, 1880, he was chosen second counselor to President John Taylor, who died July 25, 1887. He was chosen

to the same position in the Presidency under President Woodruff;

and held it under President Snow. It would take too much space

to name his various civil positions held in Salt Lake City and in the legislature of the territory, where he served the people long and faithfully. All my readers are familiar with the work of his recent

years; it is like an open book to the whole people.

So he has been constantly in the service of the public, and by his straightforward course has won the love, confidence and esteem of the whole community. He is a friend of the people, is easily

.

138 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

approached, a wise counselor, a man of broad views, and, contrary to first impressions, is a man whose sympathies are easily aroused.

He is a reflex of the best character of the "Mormon"people—inured to hardships, patient in trial. Godfearing, selfsacrificing, full

of love for the human race, powerful in moral, mental and physical strength.

President Joseph F. Smith has an imposing physical appearance. He has completed his sixtythird year; he is tall, erect,

wellknit and symmetrical in build. He has a prominent nose and

features. When speaking, he throws his full, clear, brown eyes

wide open on the listener who may readily perceive from their penetrating glimpse the wonderful mental power of the tall forehead above. His large head is crowned with an abundant growth of

hair, in his early years dark, but now, like his full beard, tinged with a liberal sprinkling of gray. In conversation, one is forcibly

impressed with the sudden changes in appearance of his countenance, under the different influences of his mind: now intensely

pleasant, with an enthusiastic and childlike interest in immediate subjects and surroundings: now absent, the mobility of his features

set in that earnest, almost stern, majesty of expression so characteristic of his indicative of the severity of the conportraits—so

ditions and environments of his early life. Bravery and fidelity

to trust are indissolubly interwoven with his character. He was

never known to shirk a duty or prove recreant to a responsibility.

As a public speaker, his leading trait is an intense earnestness. He impresses the hearer with his message more from the

sincerity of its delivery, and the honest earnestness of his manner, than from any learned exhibition of oratory or studied display of logic. He touches the hearts of the people with the simple eloquence of one who is himself convinced of the truths presented.

He is a pillar of strength in the Church, thoroughly imbued with the truths of the Gospel, and the divine origin of this work. His

whole life and testimony are an inspiration to the young.

Under him the affairs of the Church are in the care of a wise, able and conservative servant of the Lord, who has the full confidence, S5nnpathy and earnest prayers of the Latterday Saints for a long and prosperous administration, under the inspiration and blessing of God.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Miss Ellen Stone.

In the early part of September, Miss Ellen Stone, a Protestant missionary for some twentyfive years in European Turkey, was captured by a band of Bulgarian brigands, and carried away into a mountainous district, a district practically inaccessible to all save those who are famihar with the country. Miss Stone was on her

way from Bulgaria, north of the Balkan Mountains, to Salonika, a seaport town on the gean Sea. It is the old Thessalonica of the

New Testament. Miss Stone started on this journey in company

with some fifteen other persons, most of whom were as helpless as herself, and she started, it is asserted by the Turks, in the face of

Turkish protests, and Turkish warning. The country is more or

less infested by robbers, and is unsafe for ordinary travel. As a

rule, the Turkish government recommends to those who travel through Macedonia that they go in parties of as large a number as possible, and that they take with them an escort of Turkish soldiers.

The brigands, at the outset, made prisoners of the entire party, but, after a night's detention, released all except Miss Stone and Mrs. Tsilka, the wife of an Albanian, who shortly after her

capture, it is said, gave birth to a child, and who afterwards died through exposure, all of which is mere rumor awaiting confirmation. The purpose of the bandits soon became known through a

message from them announcing that Miss Stone was held subject to a ransom of twentyfive thousand liras, Turkish money, an 140 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

amount exceeding one hundred thousand dollars United States gold coin. The demand for the ransom was accompanied with the

threat that unless the money was forthcoming within a given time,

Miss Stone would be put to death. Efforts were immediately made,

and the necessary amount was raised in this country and forwarded to Turkey, Numerous reports and alleged letters furnish the public very unsatisfactory information as to the real status of the affair. It

has been reported that Miss Stone was really put to death, but later the reports have been denied by a statement that private information had been received from the captive. Those best informed as

to the character of these bandits, and who are familiar with their code of honor, assure us that the bandits mean exactly what they say, and that while the time of her threatened death may be postponed, the event is certain, in case the money is not forthcoming.

Some question, however, has arisen as to who these bandits are:

whether they are Turks or whether they are Christian Bulgarians.

Reports have been circulated from Bulgaria to the effect that they were Turks, but these reports have been very generally discredited, in view of the fact that great prejudice exists among all the

Christian people of Turkey against the Turks. Tsilka, himself, is

authority for the statement that at the time the party was captured, a Turk was also taken prisoner, and was killed by means of his own knife in the hands of one of the bandits.

As soon as our embassador to Constantinople learned of the unfortunate affair, he set out to Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria, for the purpose of urging the Bulgarian government to take steps to apprehend the abductors of Miss Stone. It is his opinion that

these bandits are a part of a committee of what is commonly called a Macedonian Committee, made up of Bulgarians. It is the purpose

of this committee to keep up throughout Macedonia, or Roumania, as it is sometimes called, an agitation that will lead to an uprising, and finally the dismemberment of Roumania from the Turkish Empire. Most of the inhabitants of that country belong to some

Christian denomination, and the country lies between Greece on the south, and Bulgaria on the north, a large portion of the population consisting of Bulgarians and Greeks. For many years, during the discussion of the "Sick Man"and the breaking up of his

'141 CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD.

empire, there has been going on a lively discussion between the

Greeks and the Bulgarians as to which should inherit Macedonia.

Each of these nations is afraid the other will get the country, and the hatred between Bulgarian and Greek is much more intense, in consequence of such dispute, than that which exists between either of these people and the Turks. It is the business of this Macedonian Committee to so keep up the agitation that the European powers will be compelled to force Turkey to surrender practically all

that Turkey owns, except Constantinople, in Europe. This committee has been led by one Sarafof. The committee needed money

to carry on its campaign, and began to make assessments upon the wealthy men of Bulgaria. If these wealthy men refused to pay,

they were often assassinated. Something of a reign of terror was

inaugurated. At last the committee was broken up, but it soon

effected another organization for the purpose of obtaining plunder, and creating a spirit of revolution in Macedonia against Turkish

rule.

The Turks can hardly be held responsible for the acts of Bulgarian brigands, except that Turkey is too weak to maintain law and order in the mountain districts of Macedonia. At first, in this

country, considerable feeling was aroused against the Bulgarians because of the fact that citizens of the United States, by means of the Robert's College on the shores of the Bosphorus, had expended many hundreds of thousands of dollars in the education of Bulgarian students, who are now leading officials in the Bulgarian government.

Bulgaria is only nominally under Turkish rule, but Turkish sovereignty is theoretically supreme in that country. Strickly

speaking, the Turks would have a right to pursue these Bulgarian brigands into the latter's country; but this, the great powers would

not permit. This country of late has been in considerable suspense

over the fate of Miss Stone and awaits with deep anxiety the outcome of the negotiations for her rescue.

The Execution of Czolgosz* Tuesday, October 29, witnessed, in this life, the end of Leon

F. Czolgosz, the assassin of President McKinley. All the circumstances of this sad event, the imprisonment, the trial, and the ex142 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ecution of the man, are splendid testimonials of the inherent disposition of the people generally of this country to adhere to the rales of law and order of our government, and it is fortunate, as an example to mobs, that no overt act was committed in the case of Czolgosz, but that he was permitted to be disposed of in a lawful manner.

It would be as a rule best "if the assassin could be entirely forgotten, and it is certainly gratifying that his last days passed without any great publicity to encourage others of his class to seek notoriety in a similar manner. The execution was most

expeditious, and the manner of his execution rather commends the law of New York, by which its criminals are put to death by electricity. It it said that the assassin, at the time of his execution,

could not have experienced a consciousness after the battery was applied more than a fraction of a second. His body was so disposed of that cheap sensationmongers will be unable to remind

the people of this country, by the exhibition of alleged skulls and bones of the assassin, that such a man has had an existence. What,

however, seems most suggestive to the people generally of the

United States was one of his last utterances that he was not sorry for his act, that President McKinley was "an enemy of the good the good working people."This perhaps represents thepeople—of

debased feeling of a man who had become the victim of agitation.

He probably imbibed that spirit from yellow journalism, which it is hoped the people of this country will do all in their power in the future to suppress.

The Liquor Problem.

Now that Tammany Hall of New York City has been defeated, and the antiTammany forces are in control of the great metropolis of this country, the people of New York, as well as those in other great cities of our country are face to face with a problem that has perhaps contained within it more elements of human misery and human destruction than any other one. It is not necessary to explain how drink shatters the whole life of man, but it is

necessary to understand the best means of minimizing its harmful consequences. What is true of New York City is largely true of

every large city in the United States. New York has been strugCURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 143

gling with the liquor problem for some time, and especially with

Sunday selling. The conditions, therefore, under which liquors

may be disposed of in New York City are somewhat interesting.

There are really four legally recognized methods in the sale of liquor: first, by druggists; second, by grocers; third, by hotels;

and fourth, by saloons. The druggist sells on prescription, the

grocer may sell in wholesale amounts liquor that cannot be consumed on the premises, the word saloon is self explanatory, but the sale of liquor by hotels is somewhat peculiar to New York. This method

was established by what is known as the Raines Law. It is quite

customary among tens of thousands of people throughout this country, and especially in the large cities, to make some form of light liquors a beverage, that is, wines and beer. This practice is

quite common among a large proportion of what may be denominated commercial travelers and tourists. They claim that they have

the same right to take alcoholic drinks that their friends have to take a cup of coffee for their breakfast. The demand of this class

caused the state of New York to yield to the sale of liquor in hotels on Sunday. A provision however was made that the hotel

should be bona fide and to be bona fide it must contain a certain number of rooms. Now liquor selling on Sunday, when men have

leisure, and when out of employment they are disposed to carouse, is of course a most profitable buisness, however questionable an occupation. The saloon element in New York soon found opportunity to evade the law by selling liquor in a house containing a

certain number of rooms. This evasion of the law had become all

the more obnoxious because the extra rooms of the saloon were often used as brothels, so that the Raines Hotel, as it is sometimes called, became a dangerous den of vice and crime. The smaller

saloon men, who could not afford the higher rent in order to comply with the hotel law, openly ignored it, and to their minds with abundant justification. How far the new government of New York

City and that of our own capital may be able to control liquor traffic on Sunday is a question which the future alone can solve. One

thing, however, seems to be apparent, and that is,that whatever may be said of the relative amount of liquor drank now and in times gone by, it is evident that intoxicating drink is yearly invading more and more the Sabbath day, and it is certain that the Lord's day is more 144 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

completely disregarded the present time than at any time in the history of our country, by the use of intoxicating drinks. There

is a specious argument that people who work all the week need some relaxation and pleasure on the Sabbath day. The trouble

with those who advocate the Sabbath day for pleasure resorts, is that what they would have us think they mean by relaxation and pleasure is really indulgence in vice. The Sabbath day God made

holy, and man cannot disregard that divine injunction without reaping the awful consequences of its neglect. People must not imagine that the civil authorities alone can correct the great evils of

the Sunday saloon. There must be an ever vigilant watchcare by

parents over the conduct of their children. There must be no relaxation in preaching, teaching, admonishing and warning upon the

evils of drink. There is a spirit as well as a letter in every divine

command, and when the spirit of the law is gone the letter becomes ineffectual.

THE OLD HIGH HAT.

Thrown out here on the rubbish heap, dusty, battered and dented deep

Style, the pattern of 'fiftythree—my! old hat, you're a sight to see!

Cleanin'house and yer had ter go? Well, that's nateral, don't yer know?

Hats and men, that have had their day, have ter git if they're in the way.

Changed a little we have, I swan! sence that night when I put yer on.

New and shiny and grand and tall, and took Her to the fancy ball.

Mind the walk from the hall that night? Moon shining so big and bright,

And she sayin'—with arm in mine—How becomin'you are, and fine!

Hum-a-day! that was long ago. Now she thinks you're a perfect show,

And the children are lafiin'at Grandad here and his old, high hat.

Time don't linger fer man ner tile, hats and heads they go out of style,

Have to pass and make way fer new—that's as sartin fer me as you.

Come, old feller, I'll take yer in, hang yer up on the nail agin;

For, though now we are worn and gray, we've been somebody, aint we, hey? Saturday Evening Post.

EDITORS TABLE.

REDEMPTION BEYOND THE GRAVE.

A missionarywriting to the editor of the Era is troubled upon this subject, and asks to have the matter explained. He refers

to n Nephi 9: 2738, and Alma 11: 40, 41, which passages appear

to give him the impression that there is no redemption beyond the grave.

Let me say in explanation that Alma is evidently speaking to those who have received a knowledge of the gospel or the plan of salvation, as would appear by the 27th verse of the 9th chapter of Second Nephi: "But wo unto him that has the law given; yea,

that has all the commandments of God, like unto us, and that transgresseth them, and that wasteth the days of his probation, for awful is his state!"

Now, it is evident that such as these have no chance for redemption, no matter what may be done for them in hope or by faith, for they will have sinned against light and knowledge, and are, therefore, worthy of damnation. It is nowhere revealed that

such as these will ever be forgiven, although we are informed that all of God's judgments are not given unto men. As in Alma, the

prophet is speaking of the world as it should be found at the coming of Christ; the people at that time were all without a knowledge of Christ, and the plan of redemption, and Christ is to take

upon him the transgressions only of those who believe on his name, and believing, of course, repent and do the works that he commands. "And these are they that shall have eternal life, and salvation cometh to none else."Now, this means that there is no other

means of salvation revealed or given to the children of men, except that offered by the Son of God, and those who reject this, whether before or after they have received it in part, can not be.saved, because they rejected the means of their redemption and

146 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

salvation. Not so with those to whom Christ went to preach,

when his body lay in the tomb; they were disobedient to the message of Noah, which was a warning to them to repent or they

should be destroyed by a flood. We are not told to what extent

the gospel of Christ, in its fullness, was proclaimed to them, but are left to suppose that the message of Noah was not the fullness of the gospel, but a cry of repentance from sin, that they might escape destruction by the flood. They hardened their hearts

against Noah's message, and would not receive it and were punished for this disobedience in their destruction by the flood; thus,

in part, paying the penalty for their disobedience; but, not having

received the light, they could not be condemned as those spoken of in 9th Nephi, who had all the commandments of God given unto them.

Therefore, Jesus went to preach to their spirits in prison, and proclaimed liberty and deliverance to them through their obedience, in the spirit world, that the work might be done for them in the flesh, and they be judged according to men in the flesh, and live according to God in the spirit. So that there is no conflict

in these scriptures. Of course, there is a difference between those

who receive the light of the Gospel and the testimony of Jesus Christ, and afterwards rebel against that light and reject it, thereby putting Christ to an open shame, and crucifying him again, and those who are referred to by Alma: 'Therefore, the wicked remain as

though there had been no redemption made."These are not under

as great a condemnation as those who have received it and rejected it; but so long as they remain unrepentant and wicked, there is no

redemption for them, any more than for the others; but it is possible

that these may repent in the spirit world.

In relation to the deliverance of spirits from their prison house, of course, we believe that can only be done after the Gospel has been preached to them in the spirit, and they have accepted the same, and the work necessary to their redemption, by the living, be done for them. That this work may be hastened so that

all who believe in the spirit world may receivethe benefit of deliverance, it is revealed that the great work of the Millennium shall be the work in the temples for the redemption of the dead;

and then, we hope to enjoy the benefits of revelation through the

Urim and Thummim, or by such means as the Lord may reveal

EDITOR'S TABLE. 147

concerning those for whom the work shall be done, so that we may not work by chance, or by faith alone, without knowledge, but with the actual knowledge revealed unto us. It stands to reason that,

while the Gospel may be preached unto all, the good and the bad, or rather those who would repent and those who would not repent in the spirit world, the same as 'it is here, redemption will only come to those who repent and obey. There is, no doubt, great

leniency given to people who are anxious to do the work for their dead; and, in some instances, very unworthy people may have

the work done for them; it does not follow, however, that they

will receive any benefit therefrom, and the correct thing is to do the work only for those of whom we have the testimony that they will receive it. However, we are disposed to give the benefit of

the doubt to the dead, as it is better to do the work for many who are unworthy than to neglect one who is worthy. Now, we know

in part, and see in part, but we steadfastly look forward to the time when that which is perfect will come. We are left largely

to our own agency here, to exercise our own intelligence, and to receive all the light that is revealed, so far as we are capable of receiving it; and only those who seek the light, and desire itj are

likely to find it.

With reference to John 5: 25, the word "hear"implies more

than the simple meaning of the word; "and they who hear shall

live,"that evidently means, they who hear and obey, and not those who simply hear; this, of course, stands to reason.

JOSEPH F. Smith.

EVILS OF MORTGAGING.

What a blessed condition would result in Zion if the evil of going into debt, of mortgaging the home, could be made very clear to every Latterday Saint, young and old! Well, indeed, would it

be if some of the burdens of the mortgage and its accompanying sorrows, could be felt and understood by every man who has in contemplation the pav/ning of his home and land for money—that

thoroughly priorhe might comprehend its slavery and terror—as

148 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to the deed as he is sure to feel it after. In that event, he might

be warned in time to avoid the fatal step, and awake as from a horrid dream to rejoice in his deliverance. With few exceptions,

mortgages on private property end in disaster to the giver. Among

the many reasons for this is the fact that the money received is generally used for frivolous or speculative purposes, and disappears with little trace of good or comfort behind. The drain of interest,

the hopelessness of not being able to meet the principal, and the knowledge that all one's earnings go to pay for "only a debt", tend to discourage both the human brain and muscle. So worry

sets in; for, he who discounts his future by signing a mortgage,

hitches himself to the twin companions of debt, worry and anxiety.

losesNo amount of good advice can hinder him from worrying—he

the refreshing power of sleep, while his waking hours are divided between his regular work and his cause of worry. Thus a mortgage is not only placed upon his property, but upon his life as well.

The pleasure, so called, of having a few extra dollars to spend for luxuries, or to use in a speculative trade, is no adequate compensation for such a waste of life and energy. Then consider

another point. Property is generally mortgaged for half its value,

and if it is brought to a forced sale, such action is likely to occur in a time of financial depression; hence, the mortgagor is lucky if

barely enough is secured to lift the mortgage without leaving a deficiency judgment. In other words, one is glad to sell the roof

over the heads of one's wife and children for half its value in money, which money in most cases has been used to no good purpose at all. And yet we rail at Esau for selling his birthright for

a mess of pottage! It is quite likely that he stood in greater need

of that pottage than most men need the money for which they mortgage home, strength, ability, future and happiness. It doubtless did him more good, too.

There are other reasons than these personal ones why the

Latterday Saints should not mortgage their homes and inheritances. What should we think of men who would jeopardise the

position and place of the people of Zion! The land of Zion is an

inheritance, and every man who mortgages his part of that inheritance places in jeopardy the land. Thus not only disinheriting

himself, but committing a crime against the whole community and

EDITOR'S TABLE. 149

the intelligence and wisdom that should characterize every true

Latterday Saint. The result of such action is appalling, and its

contemplation something fearful to every lover of the people of

God, the more so when one possesses a knowledge of how widespread is the evil.

Mortgaging, then, looked upon in its true light, is not only a private burden and detriment, in which a man's family is thrown out of house and home, and his own abilities, happiness and talents are destroyed or sadly diminished, but it is positively a public crime, in a community like ours. Disposing of inheritances in Zion partakes of the nature of such action as individuals pulling up and

selling for money, the gold bricks from the streets of the Celestial

City. It is intolerable, when looked upon in the right light! The

old proverbs: "Who goes a borrowing goes a sorrowing,"and

"Lying rides on debt's back,"should appeal directly to every man who contemplates mortgaging. But if personal appeal is not strong

enough, let him remember that his home or farm is likely to go for half its value to satisfy his debt, and that his family who depend upon him will be left without adequate shelter and support. But

if neither reason is strong enough to hold him back, let him remember Zion and his inheritance therein, and let her cause cry aloud to him to bring him to a realizing sense of the triple crime that he is about to commit, in order that his hand may be stayed, and he saved the humiliation, worry, anxiety and sorrow that must inevitably overtake him, unless he repent.

Now what has been said of the individual, may likewise be said of the whole people, for many are guilty, and the mortgaging mania is wellnigh universal. The community is no better than the

individuals of which it is composed. Mortgaging and going into

debt are great evils in Zion, of which the saints need sincerely to repent. Joseph F. Smith.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

Preaching Without Putse or Scrip.

A presiding missionary laboring in Denver, Colorado, writes the 150 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Era stating that some of the elders who go out into the world have the impression that missionary work can be done only in the country districts in the way designated in the Doctrine and Covenants,

Section 84: 86, viz., to "Proclaim the Gospel without purse or

scrip."They seem to think that in the large towns and cities it is necessary for them to have money to pay their way, believing that it gives them more prestige among the people, and in some instances looking upon it as lowering them in the estimation of the people by 'asking for entertainment. Some, we are told by this

missionary, state the matter in this way: "The Lord has blessed

me with means at home, why should I not use it to pay my way while preaching his gospel?"The Era is asked to give a few

words of explanation upon this subject. In reply, there can be no

other answer given than that which is found in the Doctrine and

Covenants referred to, namely: "Therefore let no man among you,

(for this commandment is unto all the faithful who are called of

God in the Church unto the ministry,) from this hour take purse or scrip, that goeth forth to proclaim this gospel of the kingdom."

This view of the subject was also taken by Christ when he sent forth his apostles, as recorded in the 10th chapter of Matthew:

"Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses, nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat."

There are no other absolute instructions by the authorities of the Church, upon this subject. In fact, there can be none, for it

would be to revoke the commandment of the Lord; but we are advised to use wisdom in all things, and wherever it would injure

their health or expose them to unusual and unnecessary hardships, it would not be wisdom to avoid spending means to provide comforts, if money were in the hands of the missionaries. The

question is largely one of advisability, according to the conditions which may confront the elders.

However, much more success, we think, might be achieved by missionaries, providing they were more determined to labor in compliance with the word of the Lord, instead of rel3dng so much upon their means. The success of the late David H. Cannon in Germany, in this determination, led him to accomplish a wonderful

EDITORS TABLE. 151

work. Friends were raised up to him in great numbers, and he

never lacked for the necessaries of life, for shelter, friends or money. But so determined was he that he should be without

means, that he ordered his family at home to dispose in other ways of his small income than sending it to him, so that he should indeed be without purse and scrip in the missionary field. The Lord greatly blessed him, as He will all who comply with His requirements.

Christ's Ascension.

Did Christ ascend to the Father immediately afther his resurrection?

This question arose in discussing the review questions of Lesson 3, question 20, 1901-2 Manual. In giving a review of his

labors, some of the members conveyed the idea that Christ did not ascend until after the forty days (Acts 1: 3-9), and others

that he ascended, reported to the Father and returned. This is

not a vital question, nor is it one that can be answered definitely, and it is not profitable to spend much time on it. However, ref-

.erence is made to Manual No, 1, "Life of Christ,"Lesson xxi, Note

1, for reply as far as it can be given:

"Mary Magdalene may be spoken of as the first mortal who had ocular demonstration of the reality of the resurrection. Jesus had given

instructions, both direct and indirect, regarding his resurrection; but

these had necessarily been vague and indistinct. It was not to be wondered at, therefore, that Mary was unprepared to recognize him at once

upon hearing his voice and casually glancing at him. It required the

calling of her name in the old, familiar, tender voice, to attract her attention to him, and insure full recognition. His words to her, "Touch

me not, for I am not yet ascended to my Father,"would seem not to have reference to his final ascension, for later in the same day and especially in the evening, he permitted himself to be handled by a number of his disciples. (Matt. 28: 9, 10. John 20: 1925.) It is therefore

safe to assume that his report to his Father may have been briefly made between his appearance to Mary Magdalene and to the other women, as he did not prohibit them from touching him. His spiritual whereabouts,

during the time his body lay in the tomb, is fully accounted for by Peter, in his first Epistle 3: 1820, and 4-6."

NOTES.

Irresolution in the schemes of life which offer themselves to our"choice, and inconstancy in pursuing them, are the greatest causes of all our unhappiness. Addison.

I can hardly understand how any great imaginative man who has deeply lived, suffered, thought, and wrought can doubt of the soul's continuous progress in after life. Alfred Tennyson.

During a long life I have proved that not one kind word ever spoken, not one kind deed ever done, but sooner or later returns to bless the giver, and becomes a chain, binding men with golden bands to the throne of God. Lord Shaftesbury.

Of old, men traced Caesar's march through Gaul by the villages he destroyed, and the fields he devastated; but we trace the heroes'progress

through the centuries by the wastes that have become gardens and the deserts that now are Edens.—Hillis.

"The mainstay of civilization,"said Gladstone, "is a living faith in a personal God. After sixty years of public life, I hold more strongly than

ever to this conviction, deepened and strengthened by long experience by the reality, the nearness and the personality of God."

The way to find opportunities is to perform every task you undertake so thoroughly and so faithfully that you will attract the attention of your employer. If you do this, you will not be likely to remain long

in obscurity. Even if you are not recognized immediately and advanced,

it is the most rapid road to promotion.

An achievement to be proud of is that which carries immortality with it. No success is worthy the name which does not include character

development. If a career has not an upward as well as an onward tendency, if a man has groveled in the mire, he is a failure though he have

millions. That only is real success which aspires, which looks up, and

which helps others to look up as well.

OUR WORK.

IMPORTANCE OF MISSIONARY WORK.

At the June M. I. A. Conference, Elder J. Golden Kimball, speakingto the officers upon this topic, said:

There is a great work to be accomplished among our young people.

While I realize that the great responsibility rests upon us to preach the

Gospel to every nation, kindred, tongue, and people, we desire that the M. I. A. missionaries should become familiar with the environments

of our young men. As I labor among the young people, I feel that we

are unrighteous in some of our judgments; that we decide that some

young men are worthless, and that we are unable to reach them. We

should enquire about their environments, and the teachings they have received at home. Hundreds of them may not have offered a prayer in

their lives, not having been given the opportunity. Parents seem not to

understand these things. Some of them have been pioneers. Theirs

have been lives of hardship, deprivation, poverty and adversity all the day long. They have labored from early morning till late at night

gone to bed weary, got up weary; and they seem not to understand how

precious are the souls of those spirits that are placed in their charge.

Consequently, hundreds of young men have never had the advantages that you and I have had. For that reason, we are unrighteous in our

judgments. It is, therefore, necessary that missionaries and officers

shall be young men of wisdom, young men filled with kindness, with love and affection, who can fully comprehend how God and the Lord rejoices when a soul repenteth. When they reach after these young men they

should become familiar with their environments, with all the difficulties they have had to meet, how they became rough, how they became accustomed to blaspheming the name of God; and it will be found many

154 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

times that it is because they have not been taught, because men have not reached out after them, and found their hearts, have not aroused their sympathy, nor lighted that spirit of repentance within them that may cause them to turn away from their sins. This great missionary

work must be accomplished among this people. While it is true that we

need strong men to send into the world, it is also a fact that it is not nearly as difficult to work abroad as it is to labor among our own young people. We do not meet with persecution in this home work, but we

meet with indifference; and we meet with questions that are unanswerable unless a man is inspired of God. Consequently, we need missionaries and officers of wisdom and ability, men that are full of faith, men

who by precept and example can awaken in the hearts of our young people a desire to serve the Lord. We do not need orators, we do not need

preachers, we do not need exhorters; we have enough of them; but we

need men who can go to their homes, who can sit down in their offices, and can convert them to this work, convert them to reading our literature, to the study of the Manual, and to the desires of the General Board and their labors.

GENERAL LMPROVEMENT FUND.

Officers of the Improvement Associations should remember that the date for the collection of the Improvement Fund is the first week in December. This subject should be taken up promptly in every association

so that the result may be satisfactory to all concerned. It is the advice

of the general board that the treasurer, or one of the aids in the stake board, specially adapted to this work, should be appointed to give his direct attention to the fund and all matters pertaining thereto. In each

association, it would also be well to appoint one of the officers specially to superintend the collection of this fund. Several suggestions have

been made as to how this may be best accomplished. Envelopes have

been sent out by the general Secretary, which should be distributed to every member of the association, whether in attendance on the evening of distribution, or whether absent. In case of absence, the person specially appointed to look after the fund, should see to it that the envelope

OUR WORK. 155

reaches the absent members, so that all may have the privilege of adding their mites to the financial aid of our associations. In case there are

delinquents, who do not comply with the request to contribute, it is proper for the president to visit such delinquents and encourage them to subscribe to the fund.

By this time,. every officer and member is doubtless familiar with

the object of the fund, and it is needlesss to say, that every dollar obtained by the General Board, will be accounted for and spent in the interest of the Mutual Improvement Associations, and the cause which they represent.

We hope to have it to record "that this season has exceeded all others in the amounts collected.

RESPONSIBILITY OF OFFICERS IN MISSIONARY WORK.

Elder J. W. McMurrin, speaking on this topic at our June annual corference, gave some advice that is just at present very timely. Officers

will do well to weigh carefully his remarks.

The design of the local missionary work is that every mutual improvement worker shall be a missionary. There may be, of course, a

number from each association called and specially set apart to act as missionaries; but in traveling around among the stakes and listening to

the counsels that have been imparted by other brethren, as well as by myself, this point has been urged, that every mutual improvement worker should be a missionary, and should be anxious to brmg into the service some other man. I have felt myself, in visiting some of the stakes, that

the great difficulty with us is that we do not have the missionary spirit.

In some places, there is a disposition to give up; to feel that because

there is not a ready response to our invitations there is no need of continuing our efforts. I have frequently called the attention of mutual

improvement workers, particularly those who have been on missions abroad, to the spirit that they had in the world. When we go out as

missionaries we leave our homes with the expectation of meeting all manner of obstacles; and, at the same time, with the determination that,

come what will, we will succeed. This is the kind of men we want as

156 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

spirit of this kind, who realize that it is not a missionaries—men with a

pleasure trip they are going on, but that there is work to do. I feel that

this work is no light matter. The souls of men are very precious, and

certainly the souls of our own children are as precious as any in the world. We want missionaries and officers who have this feeling in their

hearts, who will appreciate the fact that this appointment is from the

Lord, and that it is just as important as any appointment to go out among the nations of the world to preach this Gospel. We who are

officers of these Mutual Improvement Associations are the men upon whom rests the responsibility of awakening an interest in the minds of the young, in relation to the importance of the mutual improvement work, and the Lord expects us to accomplish this labor.

When the missionaries come amongst us, we ought to have the feeling that the responsibility is not upon them alone; they have their portion, but each one of us has a portion also, and we want to labor earnestly

and actively, with the feeling in our hearts that God has appointed us to this labor, and that it can be accomplished. In the world a missionary

would go back to the same man a hundred times, if there existed the slightest evidence that he would receive him and talk with him, and he would travel miles upon miles that he might make an impression upon the stranger. This is the spirit that we want to have in mutual improvement work. If we go a hundred times to one individual, and at last his

heart is touched, and he becomes a mutual improvement worker, what a glorious thing we have accomplished! I hope that we will take hold of

this labor in this spirit, and not with a feeling to let the missionary go and work alone, but that we will work with him with all our hearts; not

feel that he is an intruder, but receive him into our arms, and give him our love and confidence. If we will do this, we will have abundant success, and there will be a reawakening among the local missionaries, andi

a great improvement will take place in our associations.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OF Y. M. M. L A.

Local—October 19—Four companies of the 18th Infantry arrive at

Fort Douglas The Republicans of Logan named Lorenzo Hanson for mayor Members of the Salt Lake bar name T. D.

Lewis and A. B. Sawyer as Independent Republican and Independent

J. Gould Democratic nominees for city judges 20—George

and party of the Missouri Pacific and Rio Grande railways visited

Ogden and Park City, inspecting the roads 23—Mrs. Dr. Snowden

of Mount Pleasant fatally wounds her baby, and commits suicide

Gilbert D. Amos, once a wealthy man, dies in the county infirmary, aged

55 President Joseph F. Smith is chosen General Superintendent Y.

M. M. I. A., and selects Heber J. Grant and B. H. Roberts as his assistants 24—Hyrum Mack Smith, son of President Joseph F. Smith,

age 29, is chosen to fill the vacancy in the Quorum of Apostles

Mayor Thompson states to reform committee that he is in favor of the enforcement of the Sunday laws now in existence. But he is not inclined to favor a law looking to the abolishment of all Sunday sports

.... 26—Hannah Van Wagoner Smith, a pioneer of 1847, died in

Provo Reform committee recommends that candidates for city positions not in favor of the reform movement, be not supported at the polls It is decided to institute military drill in the Salt Lake friends of Isaac J. Wardle, the pioneer,High School 27—The

who disappeared mysteriously three weeks ago, are afraid he has been murdered Elder A. H. Schulthess, late president of the German mission, reports that it is in a prosperous condition 29

Mrs. Emma L. Osgood of Tooele, is killed in a runaway 30Leslie Stewart, son of Isaac Stewart, of Richfield, is fatally shot by accident, at Draper 31—Asahel H. Woodruff, a son of the late

President Woodruff, is appointed president of the Northern States Mission Gideon H. C. Gibbs, a pioneer of 1847, dies, aged 80.

158 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

November 1—Dividends for Utah mines in October, $490,000; ore and

bullion settlements, $1,936,437; stock sales, 5,140,528 for $3,740,803.-

30 Bathsheba W. Smith is appointed president of the Relief

Societies of the Church, to succeed the late Zina D. H. Young

Ephraim H. Nye is appointed president of the Eastern States Mission

President Anthon H. Lund is elected president, and Joseph E.

Taylor a member, of the Board of. Trustees of the L. D. S. University

2—President Joseph F. Smith becomes president of the General Board of Education of the Church, and President John R. Winder is

elected a member of the Board 5—The Republicans carry Ogden and Logan and the Salt Lake City election, all their candidates for

general offices, except treasurer, being elected in the latter city, and eleven out of fifteen councilmen The Payson roller mills are destroyed by fire. Loss. $10,000; insurance, $800 7—R. G.

Taysum, a prominent newspaper man, dies in Salt Lake City, of paresis, age, 53 President Joseph F. Smith is elected General Superintendent of Sunday Schools Russell Harding becomes general

manager of the Rio Grande Western 8—The street railway

company of Salt Lake City is to erect a $250,000 electric plant on the banks of the Jordan The 10,000,000 pound mark has been passed by the Lehi sugar factory in this season's run 9—The

residents of the southern part of Salt Lake county decide to establish a high school there 10—In the Tabernacle, a special conference

and solemn assembly is held, and the general authorities of the Church, as recently appointed, are unanimously sustained. The voting was by

quorums of Priesthood and lay members of the Church in regular order, and was very impressive Mrs. Sarah Carmichael Williamson,

a noted poetess in Utah in early days, is dead, aged 64.12

There are prospects of a friendly alliance between the Rio Grande and

San Pedro railroads The Logan Sugar Factory begins operations Orders are issued for the establishment of rural mail delivery in a great part of Salt Lake county 13

Southern Utah is badly shaken by an earthquake. The loss in property

will amount to $100,000. Most damage is done in Sevier county

President Joseph F. Smith was elected President of the Salt Lake and

Los Angeles Railway Co., of the Saltair Beach Co., and the Utah Light

and Power Co. It was decided to build 600 new bathrooms to Saltair

.John Squires, President Brigham Young's barber, born

England, December 23,1820, came to Utah in 1853, died 15

Geo. W. Hancock died in Payson, Utah county, aged 75 years

Salt Lake high schools tie in a game of football;16—The Ogden and

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 159

score 12 B. M. Ellerbeck, aged 46, died in Salt Lake City.

17—The Salt Lake Federated Musicians organized with J.

J. McLellan, president A fire in the Davis Shoe Co. and Elite

photo gallery, Salt Lake, destroys $12,000 worth of property

Wra. Smith, born Scotland, June 6, 1818, died in Kaysville

In 1890 there were 80618—Utah has 572 Chinese and 417 Japanese.

and 4 respectively James Shefiield, born England, May 22, 1830,Domestic.—died in Kaysville.October 19—Rear Admiral Francis M. Bunce, died at home

in Hartford, Conn New Haven, Conn., is in gala attire in anticipation of the celebration of the 200th anniversary of the founding of

bicentennial celebration of Yale began withYale 20—The

religious ceremonies 21—Burglars obtained entrance into

the Chicago postofiice by digging under the building and boring into the vault, and taking therefrom $76,610 in postage stamps 23

President Roosevelt receives honorary degree LLD. from Yale

At Walker's Station, Ore., Express Messenger C. Charles saves, by his

bravery, the treasure from robbers 24—A negro, Bill

Morris, is burned at the stake at Balltown, La., for assaulting a white

woman Admiral Schley begins his testimony before the is defeated in the Philipcourt of inquiry 27—A rebel force

pines 28—A serious race riot occurs in Washington Parish,

La., resulting in the death of three white men and eleven negroes

Determined to die unrepentant, Czolgosz, the assassin of President McKinJey, refuses to see clergymen, and roundly abuses them is electrocuted at Auburn prison, N. Y.29—Leon F. Czolgosz, the assassin,

in Cebu, PhilipHe dies an avowed anarchist 31—Rebels

pine Islands, lay down their arms.

November 2—President Roosevelt appoints Thursday, November 28,

a day of thanksgiving The PanAmerican Exposition, at

Buffalo, closed at midnight 4—All the evidence in the

Schley investigation has been taken, and arguments have begun

Another negro is burned at the stake in Mississippi for the usual crime.

ticket in Greater New York meets with 5—The Tammany

overwhelming defeat. The Citizen's Union ticket is elected, Seth Low

being elected mayor. Republicans show gains in the Ohio and other

state elections 5—A plot to massacre the American garrison at Moncada, Luzon, Philippine Islands, is detected and frustrated

fire at Hurley, Wis 6—Ten lives are lost in a theater

Schley court of inquiry concludes its public sessions. Its sit-7—The

tings have covered a period of forty days A serious mutiny 160 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

occurs in the United States prison at Leavenworth, Kansas 8—A fierce battle with convicts occurs at Leavenworth 11

The National Business League urges on President Roosevelt the establishment of a Bureau of Commerce and Industry An attempt of the Filipino insurgents to massacre an American garrison, is frus- - trated 1 5—In a very unsatisfactory prize fight in San Francisco J. J. Jeffries proved victor over Gus Ruhlin, in the fifth round

The Bureau of Forestry in the Interior Department is reorganized Decisions in the Bureau of Internal Revenue declares the Philippine Islands domestic territory 16—Yale

defeated Princeton in the annual football game at Yale by a score of 12 to The new HayPauncefote treaty was signed at 12:05

in Washington. After ratification of the Senate, it takes the place of

the ClaytonBulwerForeign—Octobertreaty19—M.relatingSantosto theDumont,Isthmianthe canal.Brazilian aeronaut,

'won the Deutsch prize of 100,000 francs, by making a trip in his air ship from St. Cloud, Paris, around the Eiffel tower and return in thirty minutes. There is some dispute over the time limit 24—There

are prospects of all ablebodied men in Great.Britain being called to the

is rumored that King Edward, of Great military service 27—It

Britain, has cancer of the throat 30—A serious bread riot

occurs in Mexico, in which twenty persons are killed. The people of the

section of country south of the City of Mexico, are threateded with starvation France has sent a squadron to Turkey, to enforce is received of a severe claims against that country 31—Word

reverse met by the British in South Africa.

November 3—A desperate, twodays battle between the British and

the Boers, is reported from South Africa. The Boers were repulsed.

in London is paralyzed by a heavy fog 4—Traffic

A bloody fight between two factions of Christians occurs in the Church is reported that the of the Holy Sepulchre, Jerusalem 6—It

women of Japan have protested against the "Mormon"missionaries being allowed to continue their work in Japan 7—Earl Li Hung Chang,

China's greatest statesman, is dead of ulceration of the stomach.

all of France's claims 9—A fearful death- 8—Turkey concedes

rate is reported as prevailing among the Boers in the concentration is reported that camps of the British in South Africa 10—It

the life of Miss Helen Stone, who is held for ransom by brigands in Bulover Great garia, is in danger 12—A tremendous storm sweeps

frosts and dense Britain, causing great damage 16—Severe

fogs prevail in London 18—Advices from Rome indicate that

the Pope is in very ill health, and that his end is not far distant.

A SOUVENIR EDITION orin"Rhvmelets Hanv rioods."

Bv ELDER HCNPY W. NAISBITT,

will be puWIshed irv time for the S S S HOLIDAYS This volume of four hundred pages, nicely bound (with portrait) will be a desirable present from a husband to his wife, father or mother to daughter, a young man to his affianced or a friend to a friend.

Sunday School teachers and Mutual Improvement Officers will find in it a mine of available material and every home library should possess a copy.

THE COLT flUTOMftTIG PISTOL. (BROWlMIfiCS'S PflTBflT.)

Our new catalogue will iell you

all about this wonderful weapon.

Do not fofget oup OflliV HOUSH is at

OGDEfl, UTAH, and uue eao save you

.XIME AIND MOINEV

On anything in the line of Guns, Ammunition, Fishing Tackle,

Pistols, Baseball Goods, Boxing Gloves, Athletic Goods, Tents, also Kodak and Photographic Goods. In fact all kin'ds of

Shooting, Fishing, Camping and Sporting Goods.

Send for our NEW 140PAGE WHOLESALE

CATALOGUE. IT IS FREE TO ALL.

BtOWlSLlflG BIOS. CO.,

2461 Washington Avenue, Ogden, Utah.

(WHHN WRITINa TO ADVBETI8BRS PLEIA.SB MENTION THB BBA.)

THE—HISTORY OF THE.—'PROPHtT',,;, =JOSEPH. Byhi$llother,LUCy5IIIIH,Ue!iin$lnllo.l,Kol.6ott(ieERASubscribe now and gat it Complete.

tVTT IiAOlES'LOVELY GOODS Are in richer profusion at Z. C. M. I, Cloak Department this season '

'| than at any other mercantile institution in the West. New Goods

*t* are arriving daily, all of the best and latest styles. Everything y

Y good and pretty that you want in

Ladies'HeadyoWeaF Oater Gapments, tI.| and at the lowest prices. We give you the best choice in the city. X

t* We also have in our Dry Goods Department a lovely assortment of J* the very best

DFess Goods, UndeFiaeaf, Doom Qailts ii X and everything else in the dry goods line to bring plearure and comfort at this season. It will pay you to inspect our beautiful stock, Jt*

which is complete in every line. 4*

V 5t T T. G. WEBBHn. Supt. I:t ]Z. O. 7. Im

gS8SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS;SSSSS8SSSSSSSSSSSSSS

H. Thomas Ify Goods Co.,I K.

o i SPECIflli SflliE I I On Fine Dtess Goods to JWove a Lot. |

SEE us FOR BARGAINS IN BLACKS, COLORS AND FANCIES.

$2.oo Goods, $1.25 per Yard. $1.50 Goods, $r.oo per Yard.

$1.25 Goods, 75c per Yard. $1.00 Goods, 65c per Yard.

75c Goods, 50c per Yard. 50c Goods, 35c per Yard.

35c Goods, 20c per Yard. 25c Goods, 15c per Yard.

The Assortment will Embrace about Two Hundred Pieces of

Dress Goods.

i8S8SSS3SSSSS8SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS3S8S8SSSSSSSSSSSSS8$8S8SSSSSSSS