"sRs"-':

r

I'm5!! the "Building of the year..."The striking beauty

of the new L.D.S. Temple in Los Angeles has attracted widespread favorable attention. It was named

1954 "building of the year"by a Los Angeles building inspection bureau. A nationally known consult'Future ant on synagogue architecture said that this building

"has solidarity as well as grace."A convention of

architects specializing in church design featured it prominently in their displays and discussions.

The entire Temple is faced with Buehners MoSai, an ageless and sparkling manmade stone. The massive yet intricately detailed grillwork is also MoSai.

In the sunlight, the Temple sparkles brilliantly as the countless facets of semiprecious quartz catch the

light.

The 2500 separate pieces of the Temple facingsome of them up to 14 feet in height and weighing as much as two tons—were manufactured at the Otto

Buehner & Company plant in Salt Lake City, and trucked to the Temple site. There the masoncon-

tractor, Thomas B. Child & Co., hoisted and set them

into position with a unique monorail suspended from have buildings that wellknown other are three below and above Shown steel reinforced MoSai building. of the facing, manufactured precast The the top MoSai of beauty enduring with the faced been

B. both Co., Child and installed by Thomas Co., and and Buehner by Otto to the preconsecurely anchored units then Temple. Falls were is LDS the Idaho City. in Above Salt Lake headquarters with

structed wall... to form one of the most beautiful

and durable walls known to today's master builders.

Architect: Echoard O. Anderson

MoSai PRECAST

completion nearing now Building, Society lines of classic the new Relief The are set in Salt Lake City, Main Streets and Temple of North corner on the off beautifully with the Buehner MoSai facing. FAGIIVGr

AND GRILLWORK I if III MANUFACTURED BY Hi Otto Buehner AND COMPANY 640 Wilmington Ave.

Salt Lake City, Utah

AND INSTALLED BY

B. Child Thomas

Los is landmark familiar a Building Insurance Life Prudential The in Americain buildings commercial of the most beautiful and one COMPANY Angeles, AND central stories the thirteen towers structure white shimmering The 8TH EAST 452 SOUTH in facing—were MoSai Buehner the including Design portion. and materials—

is the trade mark whose the company of strength the to symbolize selected CITY, LAKE SALT UTAH of Gibraltar. Rock

NOVEMBER 1955 769.

Dome Car's lovely, skycanopied lounge

See San Francisco ON YOUR WAY TO LOS ANGELES

Take Southern Pacific's fine, fast Overland Route trains to

San Francisco... stop off and visit this gay, cosmopolitan city.. Upper terrace; refreshments served here, too

then complete your trip to Los Angeles on S.P.'s California Day-: ';ssts

light, the luxurious, scenic streamliner with the bargain coach fares! You'll see California's mountains and valleys, plus 113 miles

of beautiful Pacific surf.

S. P.'s Daylights give you foam rubber reclining Chair Car

seats... huge picture windows... economical Coffee Shop...Tavern

Car for refreshments and congenial company. Your seat is reserved.

So the next time you go to Los Angeles, see the magic city f/p*-"-'of San Francisco—then see California by Daylight.

For information and reservations for your California trip, call at our Salt Lake City Ticket Office, or write T. E. Hewitt,

General Agent, 14 South Main St., Salt Lake City 1.

In Dome Car, you're right out in the scenery!

See the scenery en route Southern Pacific from S. P.'s spectacular new

See the quaint cable cars and breathtaking hills DOME LOUNGE CARS

All dome and three yards wide—every

last seat "under glass"—S. P.'s unique

Dome Lounge Cars are part lounge and part terrace deck with refreshments served in both. There's a Dome Car on

the San Francisco Overland, between

Ogden and San Francisco, to give you unbeatable views of the High Sierra country, by day both ways. And there's

another on the San Joaquin Daylight from the San Francisco Bay Area to Los

Angeles, showing you California's great

Central Valley. Just step inside one of

S.E's skywide and handsome Dome Cars,

and we think you'll say it's the most spectacular thing on wheels you ever saw!

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v VDeautlfvit

'empier

to be dedicated to the fulfilment of

God's purposes. Our sincere congratulations to the people of the Church.

JACOBSEN CONSTRUCTION COMPANY

NOVEMBER 1955 771,,,,.,.,. h..to California—- - the VistaDome

Salt Lake City to San Francisco

Travel the entire length of beautiful Feather River Canyon during daylight hours! Luxurious Pullmans, spacious Chair Cars. And you can go to Los

rail fare! additional Francisco, without Angeles, via San

Pacific WESTERN PACIFIC call reservations, or write Western For information and

Ticket Office, 27 W. South Temple St., Salt Lake City (Phone DA 2-5741)

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The best place to buy W Q%i '(/v&dom /* all Church Books a new book by

President Stephen L Richards This book contains many outstanding complete talks as well as selections from a wealth of addresses made by (oift hcadQimmrs President Richards before church groups, business meetings, and service organizations, and in Gen- e r a 1 Conference.

Speakers and teachers will find HQSQXQt an abundance of material from which to quote.

A $3.50 Booh

Books by President 4. THE SPIRIT GIVETH LIFE

Lynn McKinlay This book has a fresh and different approach to

the principles of faith, repentance, baptism, and a/Jaid the First Principles of the Gospel, showing how the gift of the directly Holy to Ghost apply daily living. $2.00

2. CHERISHED EXPERIENCES

compiled by Clare Middlemiss 5. MAN, HIS ORIGIN AND

From personal contacts DESTINYJoseph Fielding Smith with Saints throughout scripturesThis great haveLDS neverscriptorianbeen relatesrefuted howor proveddivine the world have come false by scientists or philosophers. This book is

faithpromoting experiwritten with a thorough understanding of the ences which President confusion of presentday scientific and philoMcKay shares with all sophic theories and their true relationship to church members. This the eternal verities of the gospel. $4.00

heart - warming book contains these "cherish- 6. ISRAEL! DO YOU KNOW?

ed experiences,"related LeGrand Richards with sincerity and a The promises made to the House of Judah by testimony of the Rethe Lord are related with deep insight and comstored Gospel. $3.00 pared with timely happenings. In this book you

become aware of the actual fulfillment of ancient prophecies. $2.00

3. GOSPEL IDEALS

An important LDS ref- 7. A MARVELOUS WORK AND A

erence book with the WONDERLeGrand Richards inspired This consideration of the Restoration President of essence in the Gospel is these latter days an imfine McKay's all insight ofportant help for missionary work and an into gospel principles. asset for your home library. $1.75

Enlightening on many subjects, including Priesthood and Church Practices, A Philosophy 8. IT'S YOUR LIFE TO ENJOY

of Family Life and ReWendell J. Ashton

ligious Living, with seThese 52 short discussions on more abundant lected essays and aneclivingThey areofferfilledrarewithentertainmentreal life dramain andthemselves.human

dotes. $4.00 interest. $2.50

NOVEMBER 1955 773 From 9. the Crossroads

The newest book by RICHARD L EVANS

Here are the latest sermonettes from Richard L. Evans'

Sunday morning Tabernacle Choir Broadcasts. "A great chord of common thoughts

on God and love and the everlasting things."—Life.

COMWAHDMEHTS $2.75

%taq!

The Ten 12. OUR LORD OF THE GOSPELS

Commandments J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Our Lord of the Gospels is a harmony of all

Today thethe eventsFour Gospelsin the lifeof theof ourKingLordJamesas foundversionin and Third Nephi in the Book of Mormon. Truly

a magnificent book on the divine life and

The! fundamental teachings of our Saviour $5.00 truths laid down

at Mt. Sinai are discussed in their

relationship to the atomic world of 13. FAITHPROMOTING STORIEStoday by members of the Council

of the Twelve (Joseph Fielding Preston Nibley

Smith, Harold B. Lee, Spencer W. Firsthand accounts and eyewitness reports

Kimball, Mark E. Petersen, Lemake this group of 31 stories unusually exciting

Grand Richards, Adam S. Bennion, and realistic... worth telling and retelling.

and Richard L. Evans), by SuperThese early stories about Indians and pioneers

intendentYMMIA andElbertW. R.CleonCurtisSkousenof the give certainty and courage to readers of today.$2.00

of Brigham Young University.

$2.00 14. PROPHECY AND MODERN

TIMES-W. Cleon Skousen

Latterday prophecies are discussed with insight and understanding in a pleasant, easyto-read style. Of special interest in this book are prophecies concerning the final war before the

millennium. $1.75

15. STALWARTS OF MORMONISM

Preston Nibley Here are 60 concise biographies of outstanding "pioneer stalwarts"who suffered tragic persecutions, blazed heroic trails, and dared to create a cultural heritage in a desolate, arid country.

$2.50

CARTER E. GRANT

New information concerning the establishment of the Church in pEAJU16. STORY OF THE PEARL OF

the early of days makes this book GREAT R. PRICEJames Clark invaluable. It reads all with the in Told story form, in four divisions, this standfascination of novel, a relating ard finds work renewed significance. This book the sacrifices of the early days is used as a study course for the special interest in Pennsylvania to the adminisclass. $3.00 tration of President David O

McKay. $4.00

CHILDREN'S BOOKS

Delight that youngster this Christmas

"SACRED STORIES FOR CHILDREN

Marie F. Felt

Old Testament stories are retold in this book prepared specially for children. The thirtytwo

17. THE WORLD'S GREATEST full color illustrations are

CHRISTMAS STORIES as rich as the stories

Edited by Eric Posselt themselves. $3.95

Christmas masterpieces of twentythree tyBm thisdifferentone nationsvolume are.. brought. old favoritestogetherandin

many new ones that have been translated especially for this volume. $5.00 23. EGERMEIER'S BIBLE STORY

BOOK 0SM under the 18. TOLD UNDER THE The whole Bible narrative, from Genesis to

CHRISTMAS TREE Revelation, is presented in easyto-read story

Illustrated by Maud and ofform,themwithin morefull color.than 200Animatedbeautifulmapspictures,and self17

Miska Petersham pronouncing type. $3.95

Here is a delightful collection of Christmas tales and poems that describe holiday customs and traditions throughout the world, written by favorite authors. Ages CHILDREN'S 24. THE FRIEND STORY

8-12. $3.00

I, II BOOKVols The "best"from the Children's Friend magaVANISHING 19. WALT DISNEY'S zine—stories, poems, and other features—are

VANISHING PRAIRIE contained in these volumes. Volume I is for

PRAIRIE This true life adventure tells of the vast children up to 8 years of age; Volume II, for

narchildren over 8. Special $1.98 each

kinship of man's and reptiles, rowing—prairie,withwondersthe ofmammals,the sweeping—although birds and

who live there. A wealth of brilliant

Kodachromes are included with the story. $2.95 25. FROM PLOWBOY TO PROPHET

(And "Other Stories From the 20. THE STORY OF OUR Book of Mormon")

Si. CHURCH For Young William A. Morton

Latterday Saints Stories to be read and reread about Joseph

Emma Marr Petersen Smith as a boy and man... and also bits

Essential events, doctrines, and biographifrom the Book of Mormon for children. Illuscal material leaders on the of the Church trated. Special $.98

are in this contained book, written in a style that holds great interest for the young. Some of the greatest human interest stories ever revealed are told with

'JESUS rare understanding and sympathy. $3.00 26. THE YOUNGEST SOLDIER

21. MY FIRST BOOK ABOUT Mabel Harmer

JESUS—Mary Alice Jones Many exciting happenings occur when young

sails across the Atlantic England, Marty from Illustrated Robert by Hatch prairies the pioneers, with handcart the crosses is the story Here our Saviour's of teachin enlists the Legion. Here's a Nauvoo - and in ings, told language. simple illusThe

that story to reveals children the homespun trations large are vividly colored. and

This book gift makes a for ': ';v/'f:'.'c:::>: wonderful life full of pioneers. the panoramic $2,75

children at Christmas time. $1.00

NOVEMBER'.. 1955'.:, V.'775

Give Genealogical Gifts

29. THE WAY TO PERFECTION

Joseph Fielding Smith Doctrinal principles which form the foundathis tion for genealogical and temple work are discussed in this book. $2.00

30. PROGRESS OF MAN

Joseph Fielding Smith The ceaseless historical struggle between good evil, culminated in the restoration which is related. Christmas! andof the Church, $2.50

31. HANDY BOOK OF GENEALOGY

George Everton and Gunnar Rasmuson Revised edition of a popular reference work.

$1.35 32. ABC'S OF AMERICAN

GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH E. Kay Kirkham

An outstanding text- * book, newly revised, for the beginner in American Genealogical Research. It contains a wealth of into s formation on how 27. OUR FAMILY THROUGH ABC fill in family group

THE YEARSBinder sheets and pedigree

Post binder will hold up to 300 sheets bound scumesiMi charts,detail allandthetreatsnecesin in durable imitation leather. Available in white, sary steps in geneablue, maroon, black and tan. On the front cover, logical research.

Falls, the Logan, Manti, Salt Lake, Idaho Los (NewlyCloth revised.)edition $1.75

Angeles, Mesa, Alberta and St. George Temple

embossed in gold. Also the title "Our Family 33. GUIDE FOR

Through the Years."$3.00 GENEAThe same binder with an assortment of 100 LOGICAL sheets. $4.50

RESEARCH Archibald 28. OUR FAMILY RECORD Bennett

Binder in maroon, white, tan, and light blue. The most modern

On the front cover, embossed in gold, the folmethods of genealogical are research lowing: Salt Lake, temples Logan, Idaho Falls,

in this book presented Mesa, St. George, Angeles Los and Alberta Temau- top by the world's

ple. $5.00 thority. $2.00

ALL GENEALOGICAL SUPPLIES SHIPPED PREPAID WITHIN THE U. S.

\*-i'#&!

Deseret Booh Co.

Lake City, South Temple -- Salt v 44 East Utah t"'* '"rrrr<r:Ttfj!f;fS??*v,

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City 10, Utah Name

Dear Sir:

Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order Address

( ) charge to my account the following amount $

for the encircled (numbered) books:

City. Zone State.

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33.-I 776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

first twentyThe Mormons coined the dollar gold piece in the United

States in 1849 out of gold dust from

California. The pieces had the inscription "Holiness to the Lord"and

"G S L C P G"(Great Salt Lake City

Pure Gold). They are now worth $850.

Other gold coins included two and a half, five, and ten dollar gold pieces.

The ten dollar gold piece is now worth $1250.

A Blanchrecent ofstudythe Utahby Dr.StateGeorgeAgricul-T.

tural College of Weber, Davis, Salt

Lake, and Utah counties in Utah, found that 27,545 acres of land was changed from agriculture to other uses between 1937 and 1952. This land amounted

to 7 percent of the total irrigated land in the counties, and was for general crops some of the best in the state.

About half of this lost agricultural land went for residential purposes, a fifth for industrial and commercial purposes, and the rest to military reservations.

A practicalcotton fabricsmethodhas ofbeenflameproofingdeveloped by the US Department of Agriculture at the Southern Regional Research

Laboratory in New Orleans. This treatment makes the material afterglow

proof and increases resistance to wrinkling, mildew, and rot. A plasticlike

resin is formed inside the cotton fibers by combining a crystalline compound, tetrakis- (hydroxymethyl) phosphonium chloride (THPC) with trimethylolamine.

Fobably the oldest skis found are those of about 2500 B.C. of the

Hoting (Sweden), three feet seven inches long by eight inches wide and preserved in a bog. The oldest picture

seems to be a rock carving of about 2000 B.C. at Roedoey, Tjoetta in North

Norway showing two men on skis hunting elk. The earliest written reference,

however, is not until 555 A.D. when the

Byzantine historian Procopius mentions a race of Skridfinns—gliding Finns

apparently in contrast to Finns who did not glide. A little later, A.D. 618907,

Chinese T'ang dynasty historians refer to their northern neighbors as "Turkswho-ridehorse-ofwood,"suggesting skis. PURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX POCATELLO

NOVEMBER 1955 777 Releases.....;;;. W&W$&New LDS

1ARL Or.

f% 9,,,:

SMK

hkPiC'C WAV*

Laffer-c/ay Saints For Young 4. THE CROSSROADS II 7. FROM SALVATIONVol. DOCTRINES OF By Marr Petersen Emma L. Evans By Richard of Joseph Fielding Smith Sermons and writings

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie More than 100 choice sermonettes witn

1. The Story of Second volume in this splendid series contains "thoughts of God and love and the everlastthis in volcompiled ing have been things"dealchapters absorbing 18 authoritative and Church Our

- world famous the the of celesauthor little by facts ume concerning with ing known faith True, promot- $2.75 Glory, of tial Word."the Degrees "Spoken temples, marriage, the stories of ing

resurrection and the for salvation the dead, the of restoration 8. THE FROM NUGGETS GOLDEN exaltation. $3.00 gospel. $3.00 TESTAMENT NEW LIFE IT'S 5. TO ENJOY YOUR L. Ezra Marler By

J. Ashton Wendell By

... scattruth bits of Inspiring and wisdom

"Instructor"magazine the the covers of From the like throughout rare New tered gems Stories 2. Bible full of anecdotes about chock a book comes

.. gathered and been have Testament

interesting places, beautiful Rich, at glimpses great names, reader the the author so that arranged by. with filled stories philosophy. experiences, exciting sound and them. easily possess quickly can and $2.25

lore. scriptural $2.50

$3.00 6. COMMENTARY ON THE BOOK OF 9. LET YOUR LIGHT SHINE

MORMON By A. L. Cook

By George Reynolds and Janne M. Sjodahl Young parents will find this gospel study

3. Book of This monumental volume fills a long felt need especially helpful in rearing fine families. It's

Mormon Stories for an authoritative commentary on the Book inspirational counsel and impelling fight to delinquency are certain against human of Mormon. Verse by verse explanation. people will Young

better life. inspire a $2.50 $5.00 the long remember

heartstirring story 10. STORY OF THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

of the Nephites By James R. Clark

and Lamanites.

is this in the writing, great work years for study of courses of the recommended one $3.00 BOOKCRAFT - PUBLISHERS Twenty

'55-'56 class Interest Special the for M.I. the A.

TO THE L.D.S. TRADE season. $3.00

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Books that demand to be read

Jew *ty

17. DELUXE 11. TO LOVE AND TO CHERISH 14. GOLDEN NUGGETS OF RECORD BINDERS

THOUGHT Petersen gold Three embossed Marr By Emma

II Vol. of Coat designs: heart the of account moving A L. Marler Ezra By Scroll, or Salt Arms, caused by sorrow and break in its 17th is now One Temple. $5.00 Lake ties sacred the flaunting copies over 90,000 with of VolumeEdition

told story fine marriage. A of bits choice Filled with sold. 18. TEMPLE BINDERS storyteller. $2.00 master a by truth wisdom and beauty,

in gold on Embossed and prophets poets, spoken by

I TEENS IN IF 12. MY or black, WERE brown $1.00 sages. temSpecify white. the series from sparkling A

15. ALONE BREAD BY NOT.. Lake, ple: Idaho,. Salt written Era Improvement

S. Hinckley Bryant By California, Arizona, prominent retrospect in by

inspirationof reservoir vast A or $3.00 Logan. inspiraof youth. leaders An

set masterfully al thoughts all teenagers. for guide tional page printed the on down

$2.00 of a touch the humble with

13. MATTHEW COWLEY, great teacher. $1.50 BOOKCRAFT Nov. 1955

ETERNITY? 16. TIME OR FAITH OF MAN City, Salt Utah Lake Main, South 1186 E. Petersen Mark By

Smith A. Henry By tells seller the story best This 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 10 8 9 6 7 3 4 5 12 courtship, romance, the of popular book and I A tremendously

that has captured the hearts of heartaches of two young peoall Latterday Saints who knew ple in love. Points out the ne- I for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ).

this God. cessity of temple marriage. loved Man of and

$3.50 drama. human Warm, $2.00 I Name

Addr

City State. 1Bookcraft1 86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah

NOVEMBER 1955 779.;

N!1K Off*ncial \ Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

The Voice of the Church EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE,

WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jhe (church or

Editors: O. DAVID L. McKAY - RICHARD EVANS

Editor: Managing L. DOYLE GREEN

Associate Editor: Managing C. MARBA JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH MOFFITT

Research Editor: L. JR. ZOBELL,J. ALBERT

Manuscript Editor: ALLIE HOWE

- Editors: F. Lcover ARCHIBALD Jke BENNETT DURHAM G. HOMER- - FRANKLINContributing JR. HARRIS, R. MILTON HUNTER NIBLEY HUGH A. - - LEE B. PALMERS. CLAUDE SIDNEY B. SPERRY General - PETERSEN Manager: R. Associate ELBERT CURTIS Manager: against Etched skyline the BERTHA Angeles of Los Business - Manager: D. Advertising JOHN GILES Director: F. VERL also S. SCOTTREEDER where far seen be at from out it may Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

sea, this temple in was photographed natural color by Hal Rumel and reproduced as a feature of this special temple issue of The Improvement Era.

The Editor's Page The Purpose of the Temple President David O. McKay 793

Due to the many special articles on the

Church Features temples, many of our regular features were

Your Question: Was Temple Work Done in the Days of the Old nextomittedtime.from this issue. Watch for them

Prophets? Joseph Fielding Smith 794

Dedictory Addresses Delivered at the Swiss Temple Dedication

President David O. McKay 795

The Los Angeles Temple Edward O. Anderson 802 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

The London Temple Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 808 50 North Main Street

Offices, 50 St. North Main in the Temple Pacific South A Allie Howe 811 Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St. Some Thoughts Ancient on Temples and their Functions Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Sidney B. Sperry 814 Copyright 1955 by Mutual Inc., Funds, and of The the Way Apocalyptic I... published the by Mutual Background—Part Improvement AssoChurch—The

ciations of the of Church Jesus Christ of LatNibley 817 Hugh terday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price,,$2.50 Temples, year, Kirtland in a LDS The advance Temple, The Nauvoo Temple 820 foreign subscriptions, $3.00 year, in a advance; St. The George Temple, The Logan single 25c Temple copy. 821

Salt at Entered Office, the Post The Salt Lake Temple, City, Lake The Manti Temple 822 Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for The Hawaiian Temple, The Canadian mailing at special rate Temple 823 of postage provided

The Arizona Temple, The Idaho Falls Temple 824 forthorizedin sectionJuly 2,1103.1918.Act of October 1917, auInteriors of the Los Angeles Temple The Improvement between pages Era responsible for 824 and 825

unsolicited manuscripts, is butnot conwelcomes The Church Moves 784 Presiding On Bishopric's Page 858 tributions. All manuscripts must be accomMelchizedek Priesthood panied by sufficient postage for 856 delivery and

return.

Special Features Change of Address

With the President in Europe Clare Middlemiss 799 address.Thirty days'Whennoticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease inof

clude slip address from a recent issue of D. John 18831955 Giles—801...George Q. Morris the magazine. Address changes cannot be

of unless the the old made address Los as Angeles Map well as Area the new 825 is included. one Spoken The Word from Temple Square

...Richard L. Evans 838, 842, 852, 854

Exploring the S. Universe, Franklin Durham 782

. Harris, Jr....777 An Adventure In Service, William

Times, These in A New Horizon National Advertising Representatives Southern California, G. Homer OnL.theRoperBookrack 788786

Today's Family EDWARD S. TOWNSEND

110 Sutter St. COMPANY Lewella Christiansen Gives Getting Ready for Sunday, Verda

Thanks, Allie Howe 860 Mae Christensen 868 San Francisco, California

S. TOWNSEND COMPANY For That Nippy Night 867 Your Page and Ours 872 EDWARD672 Lafayette Park Place

Los Angeles 57, California Stories, Poetry SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

High Adventure—Part I S. Dilworth Young 818 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

Frontispiece, Los Angeles Temple, DAVIS wood & Thayne SONS 834 30 N. LaSalle St. "... let this house be built"Temple in Los 791 A Angeles, Helen

Illinois; Chicaw. Poetry Page.. 792 Orgill Kimball 866

The Teacher's Quest, Mirla GreenAfter Storm, Helen Maring 869 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations 780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA books! Start now to buildyour library of the choicest ofLDS

JOIN THE

LDS Books Club Current Selection—

L Richards Where Is Wisdom? StephenBy President

r RESIDENT STEPHEN L RICHARDS of the First Presidency has long been a favorite speaker among members of the Church. Over the years audiences

have been enraptured by the dynamic force of his logic, his thorough preparation and deep thought, and his masterful use of words. All

of this combined with the inspiration he is entitled to receive as a true servant of

God makes his messages of tremendous power and import.

Where Is Wisdom? brings together the most significant discourses he has delivered during a long life of devotion to the Church. Some talks are reproduced in

full. From others important excerpts have been selected. All in all the book affords

inspirational and purposeful reading and provides challenging answers to problems which confront all of us in today's complex world.

Where Is Wisdom? is indeed a book that the family would do well to read and

study together to increase their understanding and build their faith.

Where Is Wisdom? sells for $3.50. STEPHEN L RICHARDS

What Being a Member of the Club This Is How the Plan Works:

Will Mean to You: 1. Join the club by selecting the book (or books) you desire

from the ones described on this page. Fill out the coupon

Savings of about 20% on all books through below and mail along with your check or money order. (C.O.D.

a FREE bonus book with each four books purorders accepted.)

chased. 2. Each month after you become a member you will re-

A planned, systematic way of regularly addceiveas the inbookthe ofmailthe reviewsmonth. ofIf youseveralwish books,to receivewiththisonetopnamedbook

ing to your Church library. you do nothing. It will be sent to you in the mail, along

with a statement. If you do not want the book, you return

Assurance that the top L.D.S. book will be the post card for an alternate choice (or none at all).

offered as soon as possible after it comes 3. After you have selected four books, a fifth will be sent

from the press. FREE. You select the bonus book you desire from a list of

choice Church books which will be provided.

The opportunity to obtain older Church books 4. You need order only four books during the year, but

which have become classics through the years. you may order one or more each month, if you desire.

ALTERNATE SELECTIONS

1. Book of Mormon Stories For Young LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake'City, Utah

Latterday Saints—Emma Marr Petersen $3.00 Gentlemen:

enroll Please of the as Club, of Mormon, a Book member me stories the of the current selecand send me wonderful The LDS Books that style readable told children tion, or the alternate indicated below. Where Is Wisdom? that I will I understand receive a

quickly. enjoy in andan graspeasy,

I free selections four buy. bonus book with each

2. Cherished Experiences—By President David

O. McKay $3.00 Name

experiences of rich spiritual accounts Contains long life Address during his the President enjoyed by of service in the Church.

City and State 3. On the Way to Immortality and Eternal

Life—By President J. Reuben Clark, Jr $3.50 Amount of Check or Money Order Enclosed $ Please send C.O.D. 0.

Man's ageold quest for truth, for an assur- (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

ance of life after death, for answers to many problems which constantly beset us. Q Please send Where Is Wisdom? $3.50 (If alternate desired, please indicate.)

to Immortality and On the Way4. Young, Brigham Stories for Young Book of Mormon the Man and His WorkLife $3.50

Nibley Saints Preston $3.00 Latterday $3.00 Eternal By

Young, Brigham the Man and Here is the intimate life story of the great J Cherished Experiences $3.00 his Work $3.00

Mormon leader and colonizer, with many of his teachings.

NOVEMBER 1955 781 A New Horizon in Southern California

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAHEXPERT... because he's a this number of the* Era was preelement in the horizon to the south. As pared, President David O. McKay What does it stand for? What will the

professional painter was in western Europe, and the Presispire signify to these select, trained dent of the Council of the Twelve was men and women who will, in part, lead completing a tour of East Asia and some our professional and scientific life in of its offshore islands. The Salt Lake the future? What will it signify to the

Tabernacle Choir was "concertizing"in thousands sweeping by in the endless

Europe. Dedicated were a temple site traffic? What will it signify to the

near London and a completed edifice men of Hollywood returning to their in Bern, Switzerland. All these events domiciles in Holmby Hills, to the peowere symbolizing new horizons in Euple in the acres of homes roundabout?

rope and Asia. 1 Here, obviously, is a monument peNow, in Los Angeles, California, is culiar to the genius of a unique Amerthe largest "House of the Lord"raised, ican religious experience, born on the

to date, by the Church of Jesus Christ frontier of western New York, ever movof Latterday Saints. Symbolically and ing to its desertmountain capital in the

in reality, the Los Angeles Temple conGreat Basin. Its security realized and

stitutes a new horizon its adherents recognized in the industrial, comas welcome and worthy mercial, agricultural, and exponents of American cultural capital of the (and other national)

American Southwest. Los life, their acceptance as

Angeles is the pivot of friends and neighbors has that great western section become international.

of the United States deThus the Los Angeles scribed in these columns Temple, together with its one month ago. It is not sister edifices at home

unlikely that the memand abroad, suggests a bership of the Church in the city of triumph not only for the unique revelaLos Angeles will, in the near future, tion that inspires Mormonism, but also outstrip for as City, that of Salt the the development bonds Lake of common XPERT is the word for any painting E: job great of of metropolis Pass that west understanding Cajon and tolerance may professional Painting donei by your Contractor. His long experience assures you of continues to grow and develop. So, new eventually unite all men in all lands,

beautiful results that will give complete horizons beckon in Southern California. whether confirmed in the same religious

and lasting satisfaction. By day, the towering spire at Santa faith or not. It stands there in its

Your Painting is neat. Contractor He sense, for witness Christ unique a new Boulevard Avenue, Monica and Malcolm carefully protects furnishings, floors or of the that the teachings reminder—a principal landone composes shrubbery fuss—and without or annoying

stillrepresent a on the Sermon Mount vast the the with marks of bother. of city—togetherthree

He has the tools and equipment to do a Civic Center and the La Brea Towers, unreached standard of personal and sofast, thorough job on any painting probthat impressive housing facility dominatcial conduct, professed or unprofessed.

lem you may have—inside or outside your ing "Miracle Mile."By night, the To those of Judaism and the nonhome. floodlit steeple and its trumpeting angel Christian faiths, the temple may well

of reliable Painting For names Contractors, Israel's to establish recall struggle a shines as the principal beacon of West Fuller call your Paint Dealer. to rear singular form of worship and of Angeles. Los mansions From the

BelAir, the shops of Pico or the streams temples in earlier times in other climes.

of traffic swirling on Wilshire, Olympic, A reminder of the past, it is also a

National, or Sepulveda boulevards, the monitor for conscience in the future, for are privileged those who temple can be seen and directions reckespecially to enter its doorways. Those who areFULLER niucR oned.

to enter the house of the Lord PAINTS Nearby, to the north, beyond Westenabled wood village, are the great buildings of have the unusual responsibility to try the University of California at Los to achieve the individual and socialPAINTS Angeles. Fronted on Le Conte Avenue conduct outlined by him to whom the

W. P. Fuller & Co. by the eventual forty million dollar house is dedicated. If those who enter

medical center of that great institution, exhibit at some future day in their lives of of meekness, hungering more and of students in graduate and thousands sure Painting to ask your ContractorBe to thirsting after bethey righteousness—if feaprofessional see schools can a new latex Fuller walluse paint and woodwork reflect merciful more come and come to skyline of the ture the campus between... FULCOLOR.

lives in their intelligence and more to, because glad FULCOLOR goes He'll of their be Hills. Part the and Baldwin

on smoothly, evenly, easily. It has no "painty"universe of cognition hereafter, at the more purity of heart, then will the new

reoccupy canodor, only (as the so you a room in Los Angeles new spire one Westwood campus, will be this new spire finished. he's favorite after Choose yourhour for in Bern) to have come meaning

the colors famous frompaint Fuller Jewel

Dealer. Fuller Paint ee "A New Horizon For Europe, Era, December the passersby, for the busy housewife your atCase

1952. {Concluded on page 855)

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...your own

hpme railroad, The VistaDome

Tunnel Route Moffat CityFrancisco-Salt lake San (thru HIE RIO GRA DailyDenverOmaha-ChicagoCALIFORNIA ZEPHYR

FranciscoNew York Pullman) offers two scenic routes, San four modern VistaDome trains

The VistaDome ROYAL GORGE Royal Gorge Route Daily Salt Lake CityProvo-PriceThe VistaDome COLORADO EAGLE GrandPuebloColoradoJunction-GlenwoodSpringsDenver.SpringsRoute Royal Gorge

Daily DenverColorado SpringsPueblo-Wichita-Kansas CitySt. Louis.

The PROSPECTOR Moffat Tunnel Route Overnight, every night between Salt Lake

City and Denver. (VistaDome between Salt Stopover privileges at all points...

Lake City and Grand Junction) railauto plan available at principal stations.

FOR EXTRA SAVINGS, ask about the Family Fare Plan or the Weekend 25Day Bargain Fare Plan

Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad

Salt Lake City Office, 24 So. Main St.

DAvis 2-5741 NOVEMBER 1955 783

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

15, Malad 6; Fairmont 8, Nyssa 1; (Hawaii) Stake with President Jay A.

August 1955 Bountiful Tenth 4, Provo Eleventh 3. Quealy, Jr., and his counselors, Elders

James E. Hallstrom and Lawrence E.

Scores of the final games of the all- q - Scores in today's senior allChurch Haneberg, sustained. With a member-

L v Church junior softball tournament: L v softball tournament: Pleasant ship of 4141, Honolulu Stake has the

San Diego 2, Inglewood 1 (first and Green 1, Ogden Thirtyfourth 0; San following wards and branches: Ausecond places); Salt Lake Thirtieth 16, Antonio 2, Wellsville 1; Orem First 9, waiolimu, Waikiki, Kaimuki, Kahala,

Central Park (third and seventh); Glendora 6; Mesa Eighth 14, Naples 0; Waimanalo Branch, Kailua Branch,

Ogden Twentyseventh 7, Clearfield Hibbard 9, Murray Second 1; Phoenix Kaneohe. President Edward L. Clissold

Second 3 (fourth and eighth); Mont- 2, Southgate 1; Providence 7, St. George was resustained as president of the

pelier 5, St. David 1 (fifth and ninth) 0; Syracuse 4, Murray First 1; LethOahu Stake. Elder Max W. Moody was

Chandler 4, Layton Fifth 3 (a ten inbridge 2, Richfield First 1; Vermont 16, sustained as the new first counselor,

ning game which awarded Chandler Oak Ctiy 7; Fairmont 9, San Mateo 5; succeeding Elder Fred E. Lunt, and

sixth place and consolation; Layton Kaysville Third 3, Bountiful Tenth 2. Elder George K. Kekauoba. was replaced tenth in the Ingletournament). as counselor. sustained second Oahu in today's senior allChurch a Scores n received the sportsmanshipwood award. a has of 4961, Stake, with membership softball tournament: Antonio San L v

Elder Julius B. Papa, formerly first 2, Pleasant Green 0; Orem First 3, Mesa the following wards and branches:

Kalihi, KalihiKai, Pearl City Lanakila, 1; Eighth fourth 2, WellsOgden Thirtyin the Gridley (Cali- 1 counselor Branch, Nanakuli Branch, Wahiawa, 1; 0; Phoenix Glen12, Hibbardfornia) Stake presidency, Presiville succeeds

dent Harry E. McClure as stake presidora 3, Naples 1; Providence 3, SyraLaie, Laie Second, Hauula Branch.

dent. Elder Wilbur F. Mills, formerly cuse 2 (eleven innings); Lethbridge 3, President Joseph Fielding Smith and

S. Bennion of the Councilsecond counselor, sustained as first counVermont 2; Kaysville 3, Fairmont 1. Elder Adam

selor, and Elder Leslie H. Nims susAmid appropriate ceremonies at oforganizations.the Twelve were in charge of thesetained as second counselor. 2/ Newchapel, Surrey County, EngElder Ben E. Lewis sustained as presiNearly twentyfive hundred music land, President David O. McKay broke dent of the East Sharon (Utah) Stake,

h lovers of Manchester, England, ground for the new British Temple. succeeding President Henry D. Taylor,

gave a thunderous reception to the conOthers participating in the ground breakrecently named to preside in the Calicert of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir ing were Elder Richard L. Evans of fornia Mission. Elders R. Bliss Allred

in historic Free Trade Hall. the Council of the Twelve, Elder Edand Elmer L. Terry sustained as counward O. Anderson, temple architect, Sir selors. They succeed Elders William

n The annual senior allChurch Thomas Bennett, British architect who C. Faulkner and Bertrand A. Childs.

It softball tournament opened in Salt has assisted with the plans, and PresiCity. of today's ScoresLake games: dent A. Hamer Reiser of the British 31JThepresentedSalt Lakeits concertTabernaclein AmsterChoir Thirtyfourth 6, City 0;Ogden Oak HibMission.

bard 7, Richland (forfeit); Murray Final games of the senior allChurch dam, Holland.

Second 6, Vermont 4; Pleasant Green 2, softball tournament were played with

West Weber 1; Phoenix Seventh 12, San Antonio defeating Orem First by a

Salt Lake City Twentyninth 3; Wellsscore of 4 to for first and second places September 195

ville 6, Lethbridge Southgate 3, Rich- 0; Other Pleasant scores were Green Salt Tabernacle Choir Lake 5, IThefield 2; 12, 5; Malad Fourth Orem First 2 (third seventh); Mesa Eighth and its presented concert at ScheveninSt. George 7, San Mateo 0; Glendora 5, Ogden Thirtyfourth 3, Glendora *en, Holland.

Fairmont 3; Providence 5, Nyssa 0; (fourth and eighth); Phoenix 8, ProviNaples 2, Kaysville 0; Murray First 15, dence (fifth and ninth); Kaysville The First Presidency announced

Grace First 9; Mesa Eighth 6, Provo Third 3, Lethbridge 1 (sixth and tenth). 3 the appointment of Elder Henry

Eleventh 4; Syracuse 11, Bountiful Kaysville Third won consolation hon- A. Smith as president of the Central

Tenth 4; San Antonio 5, Concord 0. ors and Naples was awarded the sportsAtlantic States Mission, succeeding

manship trophy. President Claude W. Nalder, deceased.

.The Tabernacle Choir presented President Smith is currently serving as

4 its concert at Sophia Gardens in n q Elder Harold B. Lee of the Counpresident of the Pioneer (Salt Lake

Cardiff, Wales. L Ocil of the Twelve dedicated the City) Stake, and as second vice chairScores in today's senior allChurch Murray (Utah) Stake center, which will man of the Pioneer Region of the

softball tournament: San Antonio 2, also be the home of the Murray Fifth, Church welfare program. He is a former

Southgate 0; Wellsville 5, Phoenix 1; Seventh, and Ninth wards. counselor in the stake presidency, a

Pleasant Green 11, Murray Second 1; Elder LeGrand Richards of the Counformer member of the general board of

Ogden Thirtyfourth 15, Hibbard 1; cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel the Deseret Sunday School, and a former

Mesa Eighth 7, Syracuse 1; Naples 6, of the Claremont Ward, Berkeley (Calisuperintendent of the Pioneer Stake

Murray First 5; Glendora 2, Providence fornia) Stake. Sunday Schools. Accompanying him to

1 (ten innings); Orem First 8, St. George Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Prethis new field of labor will be Mrs.

3; Oak City advanced with a bye. Richsiding Bishopric dedicated the chapel of Smith and their two youngest daughters,

field Second 17, Concord 8; Vermont the Yreka (California) Branch, Klamath Myrna and Julie.

6, West Weber 4; Lethbridge 4, Salt Stake. The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir gave

Lake City Twentyninth 2; Kaysville Honolulu Stake, 222nd in the Church, its concert in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Second 21, Grace First 2; San Mateo was organized from parts of Oahu (Continued on page 853)

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mechanical Equipment at

Installed by Edmund P. Evans

Plumbing and Heating Co.

Designs for the Temple call for many of the most modern plumbing, heating and airconditioning innovations. We are proud of our

part in creating this magnificent building.

boilers Two 170 horsepower generate just steam above ore a Shown in"few feet of the 15 "Roughing for the wallhung toilets inside for the heating and cooling equipment, supmiles of piping inside the and Temple. of the rest one rooms.

ply hot water.

of the complex in of valves insulation the piping maze A portion above are and and Shown Attractive modern:::fixturesm in one of the rest

fittings in the heating boiler plant tunnel, is the heating carries underground room rooms. which

shown above. and cooling ducts, and hot and cold water lines.

Piping an d duct work on one of the 22 airHuge blowers in the cooling tower are shown Shown here is the heating plant building.

conditioning units in the building. above.

f'rms are 'na proud * "ow of their part in the construction of the new PARTICIPATING COMPANIES-6 Los L.D.S. Temple: Angeles

WILLIAMSGRITTON AND WILDE PLANT INSULATION COMPANY J. A. ZUEN MFG. COMPANY

Mechanical Engineers Pipe & Duct Insulation Floor Drains—Roof Drains

Wall Closet Fittings CRANE COMPANY HODGE SHEET METAL PRODUCTS

Plumbing Supplies Ventilating Ducts and Sheet Metal KEENAN PIPE & SUPPLY

Fixtures—Valves—Fittings Plumbing Supplies

Fixtures—Valves—Fittings

NOVEMBER 1955 785 An Adventure in Service

by William L. Roper

This is a true story of great achievement written in story form. Born November 25, 1835 in Dunfermline,

Scotland, Andrew Carnegie came to America in 1848.

Keep Kip Handy for Burns Kip is the West's most famous burn treatmentThirteen-yearold Andy's blue eyes It worked so successfully he was first aid for burns, scalds, sunburn, cuts and shone with joy and eager anticipamade superintendent of the western scratches. Kip eases pain promptly, promotes

healing, lessens chances of scarring. Keep creamy tion as he thought of the big addivision of the railroad, although he

Kip ointment always handy for emergencies. venture he was to begin on Saturday was only twenty years of age.

Kip antiseptic oil. Both containOr try soothing

painlifting topical anesthetics.powerful Both afternoon. While his fingers were Because of his naturally keen mind

are antiseptic—safe to use with children. Get it busy with the spinning bobbins in and the inspiration he had found in

stores tinsat lb. in 50c tubes drug or Vi $1, the cotton factory, his mind kept reColonel Anderson's library, Andy to Kip,or Pico, send sample E. 10c for 778

Los Angeles 21. Keep Kip handy! turning to the expectation of fun went on to build an enormous forahead. And the words of Colonel tune in the oil and steel industries.

Anderson, one of the richest men in By 1910, when he retired, Andy, once

Allegheny City, echoed in his ears. a poor little bobbin boy earning only

"I'm going to be home in my library a dollar and twenty cents a week, every Saturday,"Colonel Anderson was one of the richest men in the had announced, "and I'll lend books world.

to any of you boys who wish to borBut today he is remembered not row them."so much for building a fortune as

This was wonderful news, for in he is for the wise way in which he

Allegheny City, Pennsylvania, in used it to help other poor boys and 1848, and in many other American girls.

cities of that time, there were no He gave away more than $350,- public libraries.

000,000 for educational and philSaturday came, and Andy So when purposes, anthropic a large amount Beautifies and Protects All Woods several of the other boys worked who to assist of this going the establish- "Plastic crystal - clear the originalGet

Spar."Use inside or outside on blond, in the cotton factory were at Colonel ment of public libraries throughout

allknotty seenthusiastically pine, redwood hardwoods and Anderson's home giving the world. to In additionfloors, rods, station boats, fishing wagons, his library of four from lecting books

salt weather, libraries, millions hot estabetc. Withstands for public and he

volumes. hundredwater. to apply, or Easy spray brush lished institution for technology an

toquick dry! darken. not Durable Does read the books Andy borrowed

for international an and endowment crack. hardware,does by not Sold lumber

eagerly. opened up a whole They dealers. sent postpaid. paintand Or No peace.

CO. D.s please. $2.25 quart, $7.75 gal., tax new world for him. But he also apforgot his debt to Colonel He neverincluded. Security Royal Dutch Paint Mfg. plied his to learning do mind how to

St., 63.Co., 1621 No. Indiana Los Angeles Anderson opened had a new who up after his things Shortly hands. with

his thirteenth birthday he had world to him when he lent him books learned to operate a steam engine, from his library.

and a little later he became a teleSumming up his philosophy in later

GIVE A NEW LOOK TO graph messenger boy. In the teleyears, Andy said: "What a man owns

OLD FLOORS! graph office he learned to be a teleis already subordinate, in America, to

grapher, and this ability enabled what he knows; but in the final

him to get a position with the aristocracy, the question will not be

Pennsylvania Railroad Company. either of these, but what has he done

One day he astounded the head for his fellows."

officials of the railroad by showing In other words, he believed that them a plan he had devised for runintelligence counted more than money ning trains by telegraph. Up to that in measuring a man's worth, but

time no one had ever proposed that those who render the greatest running trains from opposite direcservice to their fellow men are the tions toward each other, directing greatest of all.

their movements by telegraph, one restore natural to colored TREWAX,INDIAN SAND floorsbrilliance cork, train being sidetracked while the other For this lesson in service to huto worn worn hardwood and rcf inishing hardwood,eliminates resanding and repassed. manity, Andrew Carnegie, the poor,

discolorations, longassuresmoves marks and

Scottishborn bobbin boylasting solid carnauba, who rose officials 50% the were At first company world's hardest is theINDIAN lustre,SAND TREWAXprotection. will in America, to fame and fortune scoff to idea, floor inclined firsttime of customers! at Andy's lifetime users butwax, makes

floor covering, only hardware, at paint,Available 1.99 per they tried it. always be gratefully remembered. stores, or direct,linoleum or department

lb. plus tax, ppd. C.O.D.'s plus postage. TREWAX

CO., 5631 Centinela Ave., Culver City, Calfiornia.

Dealer inquiries invited.

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The White King Soap Company... manufacturer

2a*. the fine family products of washday have which

WHITE of families for serving nearly is western been a century... KING

proud to congratulate The CHURCH of JESUS CHRIST of LATTERDAY SAINTS upon the completion of their magnificent new

Los Angeles Temple..

NOVEMBER 1955 787

On the Bookrack WHERE IS WISDOM?

(Stephen L Richards. Deseret Book

Company, Salt Lake City."1955. 419

pages $3.50.)

For many years President Richards as SKYWAYS TO a member of the General Authorities has been among those who prompted the thoughtful direction of the Church in the way it should go. His addresses

both among the Latterday Saint assemLOS ANGELES blages and civic and business groups have promoted good results.

President Richards has brought to all to to listen been privileged have who insight into old doctrine and him new WESTERN AIRLINES NOW SERVES familiarity His address with new ideas.

Association, ONE MILLION MEMBERS to Bankers'the National action set into instance, a policy on inOF THE CHURCH for that revolutionized has stalment buying that activity.

President Richards has captured the essence of the principles of the religion of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and has brought it to his $'&&& readers with the forcefulness of a master leader. that the subjects he treats Among

SIOUX FALLSROCHESTER of vital import to which are young and

FRANCISCO,SAN old in the Church are: gambling, tithing,

OAKLAND free agency, work, repentance, the Word of of origin the Wisdom, man, and many WESTERNAIRLINES subjects. other of diversity the The 1 BURBANKANGELES

BEACH'IDSLONG is treats material he only equalled by

DIEG SAN thedresses—andplaces wherethe hemessagesdeliveredalsohis haveadvariety, even while they all point to the

one end: the making of a man who can

be called a son of God.

Not all of President Richards'adNo matter how many miles you live from Los Angeles, you dresses could be included in the concan now count the trip in hours instead of days fines of one book; consequently, from

some of his additional talks some of the

During the past few years Western has more than doubled salient excerpts have been selected and its service into Los Angeles from major cities of the West, listed alphabetically under headings to providing the most modern, pressurized airliners and ers.make Surely,them usefulWherefor readersIs Wisdom?and speakis a

equipment. book that must be in every Latterday

Western's growth in routes and service in many respects Saint library.

parallels the growth and distribution of Church memberHISTORY OF THE YWMIA ship throughout the Western States. Western Airlines now (Marba C. Josephson. YWMIA, Salt

serves more than a million Latter Day Saints. Lake City. 1955. 400 pages, 11 plates.

$1.00.) We're proud of an association that began in 1926 and flowis a story of eightyfive years of Here ered through George Albert Smith's long membership on continued progress. The author

Western's Board of Directors. We hope the association will has been Associate Editor and Associate

Editor, of Improvement The prosper in future years and we look forward to the opporManaging so been for the has and Era since 1935, tunity to be of even greater service. last two decades one of the most active

participants in the story which she writes.

Although labeled a "history"—and

properly so—the book has a style that

is not strictly chronological, but topical. This adds both to the case of

reading and clearness of understanding;

moreover, inasmuch as the later topics WESTERN deal with problems that are the outAIRLINES growth of earlier factors, the book nowhere loses the sense of continuity in progress that has featured the Mutual 788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA organizations from the start. The book

"moves,"as did the association whose is here chronicled.development as a "RetrenchIt's Easy to From its inception

ment Association"in President BrighamYoung's family through its spread to the Stack Up its present towards and stakes down Dollars in a struggling the scope; fromChurchwide

Young Woman's Journal on which "$10.00 a month was allowed for a

stenographer and typewriter"with "an additional $2.50 a month for proofreading"down to the present The ImBOOK

provement Era; through the development of the beautiful symbolism of the MONEY

Bee Hive and Gleaner groups; and

from the question of proper age limitsdown to the present Senior Special InBANK terest groups consisting of people who

tohavegraduate—alloutgrown thetheseMIAtopicsage andbut refusemany CONVENIENTothers are treated with painstaking deCOMPACT

tail and heartwarming appreciation.

least the portion valuable Not of the The Easy Way—Save A Little Every Day

is last thebook pages devoted hundred to six appendices which contain a Ask Us About It wealth of biographical and statistical data; this section makes the book a

valuable work of reference, in addition to its primary value as a story of thegrowth of the young women's organized zion's savings bank activities.

Two types of people can read this

first, interest withbook and benefit: Trust DAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENTthose once attended Mutual, who who &

are bound to find in this book something South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

that rouses reminiscent appreciation;

and second, those who did not attend

Mutual, and who still have a lot to learn.—S. B. T.

BIND YOURTHE TEN COMMANDMENTS ONLY

TODAY (Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. Improvement Eras

1955. $2.00.) 149 pages. for years of future use

compilationThis of chapters on the $3 00

Ten Commandments has been written by the General Authorities plus two experts in their fields. Those who have only *3 D. at

written these definitive answers to what the Ten Commandments may mean in DESERET the lives of people in the atomic age

Fieldinginclude, President Joseph

B. Lee, KimNEWS PRESS HaroldSmith, Spencer W.

ball, Mark E. Petersen, LeGrand Richards, Adam S. Bennion, and Richard L.

Evans, of the Council of the Twelve;

General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis

of the YMMIA, and W. Cleon Skousen Themattervaluablein the instructionImprovementandErareferencewill be Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate

of Brigham Young University, formerly close at hand in bound volume form for Up to 150 miles 43 with the FBI. future use if you have each year's 150 to 300 miles 49

the Deseret issues by bound handsomely.59 to 600 miles 300 to of the Decalogue The revelation is necesPress. cost plus $3 The the News miles 1000 73 600 to of Israel 12 issues through bound. Moseschildren was for each postage sary

to miles 1000 1400 88 with be accompanied All orders must for of the the Saints modernas much to miles 1.06 1400 1800 in the following advance. Use payment

farin the those as fordays who lived miles to costs. 1.23 1800 postage rate determine guide Over

off times.—M. C. /.

THE KINGDOM OF GOD RESTORED Press BINDERS(Carter E. Grant. Deseret Book ComDeseretTHE WEST'S FINESTNewsPRINTERS AND

pany, Salt Lake City. 602 pp. 1955.

$4.00.) 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

(Concluded on page 870) NOVEMBER 1955 789 Saluting the Los Angeles MORMON"COMMUNITY

A growing spirit of anticipation from every quarter at this time awaits the dedication of this great temple of worship.

Gladding, And we at proud that our McBean & Co. are

Tile exclusively Hermosa of completion product——was selected

of the new Los to contribute its beauty and permanence to this majestic * Angeles Temple project now completed.

In our Hermosa organization this exceptional association will be marked with memorable pride in our business book of life.

We extend our wholehearted congratulations at this valued moment

Hermosa glazed ceramic Tile is selected by leading architects and builders for its range of color, sizes, textures and decoration. Produced by the West's

pioneer clay products manufacturer,

Hermosa Tile adds beauty with permanence in countless applications.

Today, Hermosa offers more than 300 distinctive Tiles, including the exclusive "fortified"DuraGlaze. DuraGlaze

is the Hermosa product recommended for walls, walks, floors, decks and other surfaces requiring utmost resistance to wear.

tfewrttiku GLAZED CERAMIC BY GLADDING, McBEAN & CO.

LOS ANGELES SAN FRANCISCO SEATTLE SPOKANE PORTLAND PHOENIX

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Daniel W. Brock

The Los Angeles Temple at night.

jnd verily I say unto you, let this house be built unto my name, that I may reveal mine ordinances therein unto my people;

for I deign to reveal unto my church things which have been kept hid from before the foundation of the world, things that pertain to the dispensation of the fulness of times.

(D&C 124:4041.)

NOVEMBER 1955 791 PRAYER IN NOVEMBER WISDOM IN WAITING SONNET FOR STREET LAMPS

By Lee Avery By Iris W. Schow By Beverly Boone

rose's unfolding, imperceptible wall the blackened stab street lamps Tall trees The are gaunt bare and and gray,Now of of flavor the the blending peach, of The night lonely things see Such to time's in protracted alone holding. Are not light let silver of seep pools round AndYet, stripped of scarlet of gold, and is It for thing those teach a who common through, dignity. wearThey a

bright to Inviting each play youths within find that lessons children cannot master old To ring their both and games magic And to Lord,Teach me, stand as oh mute, less stints, laid for exacting best Are by new. hold as head highTo my Until, leap maturation, through minds to inclined are lovers pause drink Here and

loss ofNot mourning brighter days,, faster, looks; ardent with Again from rapturous cup reaching to theBut sky! hints. explanation grasps. fancy what it And let face; to sink each To memorize

THANKSGIVING DAY The Master Teacher, then, in song perfected, Deepnooks.down into the heart's own sacred

By Zelda Davis Howard MayEarthblendvoices,our allwaytooandfalteringlyconfidentlyprojected,hear Howgleamwelcome does the lighthouse beacon

Knowing sailors to stormy foam bound weary some day they will rise true and To toyou me, came and stayed a little while clear. street the corner glow lamps So does from heart 1 And caught my the springtime of

your smile, seem BIRCHES WHERE close travelers at night to home. when GROW To living room wasMy a gayer place made

carves enlightened street lamp Each its own laughter, skirts, swingingBy your dainty and Leonard By Marion world lace.

is as unfurled. darkness each halo From fruits choice ofThe golden you November leaf of birches rasp giow, nor no Where brought whine DAY THANKSGIVING sweetest all of ofWere the harvest,

is the throughout heard; cowering bough I Of thought; Buck Eunice By hour

ofThe abundance joy gave you away benign, birch, vicious giant the storm Of to so me, means muchJust the added to more November Thanksgiving my slender stands, tower Surerooted a veteran rest, their to fallen leaves have Day Though lashings borne perhaps white by Turned tree, staunch musicThe each limbs you etched the this Easing into on lovely hour fine with it best.Will return could often in its do ways served with That cheering power, like of power. beacon's a the Aloofness calm the prayerAnd left will you constantly be

to me, so much means November source of strength,A comfort and unto me. terrified lesser trees are torn and When sky in the are forming clouds ThoughFlowers fade, and the life seasons of are shrill doubting, wail, confused with and And I see near, can snowflakes and With fleet,

no to fly. learned birds who've nests of TheBut

of pride or sound demeaning precious memories live long, freshly Unworthy sweet.

I is birch. uttered to me, go so by a means much Or scorn November

GOLDEN WAIT MyForgetwaythatnoroncewill,I howeverlived wherepressedbirchesor grow.tired, WithIt's nowfruitsI knowand grainGod's allplanstoredas weaway;

By Leone E. McCune Give thanks to him Thanksgiving Day.

rERE should be wind to strip the maple TOUCH OF FROST leaves By Anobel Armour And frost to wither petals of the rose,

But winter cannot come while sunlight lies ep frost had set trees on the windowIn golden pools of light and warmth D* pane

On stubbled field and vale and garden plot. And I saw the forests of home again,

Too soon gray gossamer veiling will be Pines on the mountains and snowstars drawn falling Across the goldbrown hills, delphinium And the sound of a high and white wind skies calling.

Too soon as far as eyes can see My heart tilted over and let me go

Will be long white slopes and leafless trees. Back to green trees and the hills of snow

Though I had never intended to be

PATTERNS LessSharedthanin thecontentheart withof a thebusylifecity.that we

By Catherine E. Berry So I turned and with no trace of pity

Told my homesick heart that its love was rENopatternlonger ofmustthe thedaysclockis brokenbe set now, And herethat home is the place which the heart rise at certain—Photo by Bessie Gladding holds dear!To any bough time—the

Is stripped of leaves yet and fruit—and

all YOUNG READER are gone,Though the habit is so deep

When morning sunshine floods the sky IN TIME TO COME By Ethel Jacohson

I can no longer lose myself in sleep, By Bessie Gladding

Nor break the pattern, though I try. can read the letters

rice stands boy, your bowl and B and Iittle I A C—

Oh, those were busy days and busy years, of twentysix them, in children's the hands All ( For all bowls

When footsteps ran across the floor, In all our near and distant lands. All the way to Z

When hands reached out to me and childish Spelling out the stories tears Bowls that should be heaped up high Upon a printed page;

Must be effaced—but now the door With varied foods these lands supply The million, million stones

Has closed upon that episode, they go their To make boys strong and bright of eye. From every place and age,

way The billion, trillion stories

To make their own new patterns now; In time man's heart will have its way, Everywhere I look,

And I hold close within my heart the day And war will go, and peace will stay In the waiting wonderland

New leaves will bloom upon the bough. Where healthy children romp and play. Of an open book.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:n>Osjs22s>S2x>2X9vx m

,.**>*#"'*'-- j-Sjv*

,<'.-.---'

The Purpose of the Temple

by President David O. McKay

in favor his argument in of the dead behalf temples, in erect to new his servants to WeLordare grateful for the inspiration from the Paul referred to the practice of baptism for and shall "Else what said, of the resurrection. He SwitzerBern, near in Europe, one the first

land, dedicated last September; the Los Angeles they do which are baptized for the dead, if the

..."(I Cor. 15:29.) The Temple, which will be dedicated soon, and others dead rise not at all?

planned in England and New Zealand. Here in pseudo.Christian world has stumbled over the

these buildings faithful members may receive all meaning of this simple text, and not a few comthe blessings associated with eternal covenants mentators have tried to explain away its true apand ceremonies given in the house of the Lord. plicability to all mankind of the Savior's teachings.

in the believe should or believe All Christians have of privilege we for the grateful We are ". be.. Except a man that: of the Savior is words freedom lands where in these temples raising

cherished, where the individual is free to worship born of the water and of the Spirit, he cannot

Note 3:5.) of (John God."into the kingdom conenter of his dictates own to the according God

". of the be born.. Except says: a man that what blessings of continuation for a ask science. We kingthe enter Spirit, cannot he of the and water peoare Godfearing nations. They these upon

ple. The love of the Lord and of truth is in their dom of God."Also, "He that believeth in the

hearts. Lord Jesus Christ shall not perish, but have

A temple is not a public house of worship. It eternal life."(See Ibid., 3:15.)

is erected for special purposes. Indeed only memWhat about your great, great ancestors who

bers of the Church can enter a temple who never have heard of the name of Jesus Christ?

receive a recommend from their bishops and What about the millions who died without havpresidents of the stakes or branch and mission ing heard his name? They are our Father's

presidents. children as much as you and I. Is it the act of a

One of the distinguishing features of the loving Father to condemn them forever outside of

Church of Jesus Christ, restored in our day and the kingdom of God when they have no oppordispensation in its fulness, is the eternal nature tunity to hear the name of Jesus Christ? "We

of its ordinances and ceremonies. In the temple believe that... all mankind may be saved, by

some of these most sacred ordinances and cereobedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gosmonies are performed. For example, generally pel."And we also believe that those who have

in civil as well as in church ceremonies couples died without having heard it here in mortality are married "for time"or "until death doth us will have an opportunity to hear it in the other part."But love is as eternal as the spirit; and world. We are told that in the New Testament.

if the spirit exists, as it does after death, so will Where did Christ's spirit go while his body lay love. Each of you husbands will recognize your in the tomb? The Apostle Peter tells us that he

wife in the other world, and you will love her went to preach to the spirits who were in prison, there as you love her here, and will come forth who were once disobedient in the days of Noah to a newness everlasting in the resurrection. Why when the ark was being prepared. (See I Peter

should death separate you, when love will con- 3:1920.) Those who died thousands of years

tinue after death? ago were still existing, and the gospel was taken

Those who are married in the temple are marto them as it will be taken to all of our Father's ried for time and all eternity and sealed by the children. That is another purpose of the temple.

authority of the Holy Priesthood so that the famYou may have the opportunity of gathering the ily will continue into the eternities. (Concluded on following page)

(&&zzZ&czzg% NOVEMBER 1955 Fditor's Pave

THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page)

names of your ancestors, and by being baptized by true peace may soon be established on earth, and that proxy, they may become jhembers of the Kingdom of God's will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.

God in the other world as we are members here. The purpose of the temple is to bless those members

, We pray that the love of the gospet'and the universal who willingly give of their time and their talents to bebrotherhood of man may increase among nations, that come "saviors on Mt. Zion."

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Was Temple Work Done in the Days of the Old Prophets??

"Was temple work done in the days of without doubt the hearts of the fathers have turned to the old prophets? Did they have the sealtheir children, and this influence is felt throughout the

ing powers or was all of this work left for the Church in world causing the children to search the records of their this dispensation? If they had it, was it done in dead. This fact is so definitely apparent that it cannot be

temples?"denied. Today we have the privilege of going into our

temples and there sealing children to parents and parall may, as Paul declared, Hf The detailed history of the performance ents to each other that we of the saving ordinances of the gospel as bow our knees "... unto the Father of our Lord Jesus

practised in ancient times was never recorded in any deChrist.

tail, because such ordinances are sacred and not for the "Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is world. There are, however, in the Old Testament refernamed,..."(Eph. 3:1415.)

ences to covenants and obligations under which the That ordinances for Israel might be performed, the members of the Church in those days were placed, alLord commanded Moses to build a portable tabernacle though the meaning is generally obscure. For example at times called the temple—in the wilderness in which

in Exodus 40:1215, Numbers 25:1113, and Jeremiah sacred ordinances could be performed. The purpose of

31:3133, we have reference to sacred covenants. this building, in which Samuel officiated, has been deThe fact that Adam and Noah, long after they were clared in our day in these words: "For, for this cause I

dead, appeared to Daniel as Michael and Gabriel (Dan. commanded Moses that he should build a tabernacle,

10:13, 21; 8:16); and to Zacharias and Mary, (Luke that they should bear it with them in the wilderness, and

1:11 19; and 1:2631) is evidence that they had received to build a house in the land of promise, that those

the fulness of blessings that entitled them to stand in the ordinances might be revealed which had been hid from presence of God. Likewise the appearance of Moses and before the world was."(D & C 124:38.)

Elias on the mount of transfiguration with our Redeemer There is a sufficient reason why the ordinance of bapand his apostles, Peter, James, and John, is evidence that tism is not more clearly revealed in the Old Testament, they also had obtained the fulness of the blessings of and it is that in the repeated copying of the ancient recexaltation. Moreover, the fact that Elijah was the last ords and their repeated translations, scribes and transof the ancient prophets to hold the keys of the sealing lators took from the record the plain and precious parts

power before the coming of our Savior in his ministry, because they were contrary to their beliefs or compreis evidence that this power was exercised in the interest hension. The Book of Mormon makes this clear; and

of Israel in ancient times. Because of the fact that in the writings of Moses, as they are given to us, we

Elijah held this sealing authority, the Lord inspired have them restored; and we know that baptism was

Malachi to prophesy of Elijah's coming in the last days taught to Adam, and he taught it to his children. There

to restore these keys of authority in the following words: are some references in the Old Testament to washings,

"Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the which could well mean baptisms, and the evidence of coming of the great and dreadful day of "the Lord. the font in the temple of Solomon is a mute witness that

"And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the baptisms must have been practised in it; these are spoken

children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, of as washings. The Book of Mormon makes the fact

lest I come and smite the earth with a curse."(Malachi very clear that baptism was practised among the Jews,

4:5-6.) and in the writings of Moses which have been restored,

We know that this prophecy was fulfilled, for on the we learn that baptism was taught to Adam, and he was third day of April, 1836, Elijah came to Joseph Smith and commanded to teach it to his children.

Oliver Cowdery in the Kirtland Temple and conferred upon them this sealing authority. Since that day the

hearts of the children have turned to their fathers, and 794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bored long and faithfully to have the temple completed for dedication. Recently workmen labored all night long

for several successive nights in order to accomplish this great feat—for such

Swiss LDS Temple it has really been! We express apat Bern. preciation to the electricians and the

—Photo by G. Schmid technicians who have worked so untiringly and devotedly, overcoming

all obstacles in order to install the necessary equipment to have a new presentation of the ordinances in the temple.

We welcome all who are present at the opening session of the dedicatory services of the first temple completed in Europe by the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. It

is a memorable event, and each one present this morning is favored by having the opportunity of attending.

I welcome also an unseen, but, I believe, a real audience among whom are former presidents and apostles of the Church, headed by the Prophet

Joseph to whom was revealed the essential ordinance of baptism for those who have died without having heard the gospel, President Young, President

Taylor, President Woodruff, President Snow, President Joseph F. Smith,

who 49 years ago last month in the city of Bern, prophesied that "temples would be built in divers countries of the world,"President Heber J.

Grant, President George Albert Smith.

Among them, too, I fancy would be

Dedicatory Addresses Elderactive Staynerin helpingRichardsto selectwho thewastwoso temple sites already chosen in Europe.

these distinguished leaders, we DELIVERED AT SWISS TEMPIE DEDICATION With welcome departed loved ones, whom

BY PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McRAY wefeel.cannot see, but whose presence we

In my expression of appreciation I

Opening remarks made hy Presito that prayer and overruling matters may not have mentioned others who dent David O. McKay at the dedicathat brought about the consummadeserve mentioning for their loyalty,

tory services of the Swiss Temple tion of this beautiful temple. We their faithfulness, their devotion, with

held in Bern, Switzerland, Sunday, express gratitude for the Choir, for President Perschon, and others, in

September 11, 1955, 10 a.m. the Lord's protecting care over you bringing about what one man here

and your unprecedented tour. We in Switzerland said has never before

completion been accomplished—the are grateful tO BIDDING YOU welcomeBEFORE of prom- a building at the time such inspiration your service, I feel imthis sacred for—yourI wasconduct,going forto ised. We extend gratitude to our pressed to express a few words say matchless—singing as a group

of gratitude and appreciation: First, and as soloists. Your influence will Father in heaven, and appreciation to

gratitude to our Heavenly Father for go from soul to soul, not only among all members of the Church and outhaving answered the prayer offered those who hear you, but among others side the Church who have in the at the headquarters of this mission who will hear of you, perhaps forleast part put forth effort to bring three years ago, when a group or four ever and forever. Who can tell? about the consummation of this glorior five men knelt in the mission home We wish to express appreciation ous House of the Lord.

and prayed for guidance in selecting for those who have labored so earnWe welcome the choir and all the city and the site in which and estly, so conscientiously, to erect this present, and pray that the Lord's on which would be erected the first edifice and to have it finished on time. Spirit will be with us to eliminate

house of the Lord in Europe. We We have in mind the architects, the from our hearts everything that would

express gratitude for God's replying contractors, the workers, who have la- (Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1955 795 should love everybody here."That's

Dedicatory Addresses Delivered at Swiss Temple Dedication the injunction of the Savior, to love (Continued from preceding page) lates to the union between husband our neighbor as ourselves. But we

be contrary to our responding to the and wife, and the sealing of children are also told that earthly things are

Spirit of God which we all feel is in that union or giving to the chiltypical of heavenly things, and I fancy here. dren the right to be born in the covein the spirit world, when our thoughts

nant. That interests nearly every inof preexistence are fully incorporated

Dedicatory Address delivered by telligent reporter and investigator, with those experiences we have had

President David O. McKay at the especially when he or she realizes the in mortality, that we shall recognize

there loved ones our and them know attridivinest truth, thatfirst Swiss session the Temple of love—the

I here. love as loved them And we of just the be humanDedicatory Service held in the Swiss bute soul—will

I love other wife than more can my itself; as as so eternal the spirit whenBern, Switzerland,Temple, Sunday,

I I love children. love people. my dies, of quality ever that person any 11, 10 a.m.September 1955,

love will exist, will persist, and if any those with whom I have been closely of the principal questions inquirer believes in the immortality associated more than I can love those

Oneasked by reporters and newsmen of the soul, or, as they put it the perwhom I do not know. I can have

in nearly all parts of the world sistence of personality after death, he sympathy; I have a desire to help all

is, "Why do you build temples? What must also admit that love will also mankind, but I love her by whose

is the difference between your tempersist. Logically there follows anside I've sat and watched a loved one

ples and your church edifices?"They other question: Whom shall we love in illness, or perhaps, pass away.

to experiences heart, bind heart Those in interested the anare very much woman—an

to is a glorious think, thought and it first. presare to theswer her husAmerican As all who in the nextwoman—whoworld? A with

ent today know, the answer to that is band asked that question, and in anto retain, to cherish, that death canthat the temple is built for the perswer to my question, "Whom shall not separate those hearts that are thus together.formance of sacred ordinances—not we love?"answered, "We should love bound

secret, but sacred. One of those reeverybody.""Yes,"I replied, "we Ordinarily, marriage among mankind is temporary; at longest, it is unSWISS TEMPLE INTERIORS til death parts them. But only in the

Celestial Room house of the Lord where the ceremony is performed by those who are $% gng $4$ thoroughly and properly authorized to represent Deity, to represent our si ) Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, can the union between husband and wife and parents and children be sealed for time and all eternity. That is the

one purpose—why we are here today—to dedicate this house.

The other reason—principal—is not so easily understood. reasonSome

of the inquirers really call it "fantastic"until they get a glimpse of the justice of God; until we ask them,

"Do you think that a just God would require me to conform to certain principles and ordinances in order for me to enter into the kingdom of God, and that he would permit you to enter the kingdom of God without complying with those things?"All we need

to do is ask the world that question.

Those who accept Jesus Christ, our

Lord, as the author of salvation; those

who accept his statements—unqualified statements—regarding the

necessity of the obedience to certain principles, are bound to admit that everybody must comply with certain fundamental principles or else nobody need comply with them. Now that

is the plain fact.

And we have, as you know, in holy writ, ample evidence that the Savior

Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part

expressly prohibited.

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA referred to one eternal plan. For instance, when that member of the

Sanhedrin, Nicodemus—a man who

had evidently listened to the Savior speak, who had read about him, who had probably followed him—called

on him, compelled by the desire to know what that man had which the

Sadducees and the Pharisees did not have, he bore his testimony and said, "Master, we know that thou art a teacher sent from God, for no man can do the miracles thou hast done except God be with him."And then

ensued the conversation, undoubtedly, which contained the questions similar questions referred to. Undoubtedly, Nicodemus asked, "What

must I do?"And one of the most

remarkable statements we have in scripture was given as an answer to Foyer

Nicodemus'question: "Except a man

be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."And that is true!

And that spiritual birth is necessary before any human being can even sense the spirituality which Christ lived and possessed. Nicodemus could

not understand it. He put an interpretation of a physical birth upon

that answer, and immediately faced the impossibility of an adult's being born naturally again.

And then came an equally important statement: "Except a man be

born of the water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of

God."(John 3:3-5.) If that principle

is essential for one man, it is essential to all. Then the question may be

asked as was asked by a Chinese student, a graduate of one of our leadWaiting Room ing colleges here, returning to China, and who was in conversation with a protestant minister, who said, "It is belief in Christ that is essential; only

by belief can you be saved."And

the Chinese student said, "What about my ancestors who never heard of the name of Jesus Christ?""Oh,

they are all lost!"The Chinese student's sense of justice was offended,

for he immediately said, "I'll have nothing to do with a religion so unjust!"Had that Chinese professor or

doctor asked a Mormon elder that question, the latter would have answered, "They will have an opportunity to hear that gospel, and they will have an opportunity to be baptized, to be born of the water and of the Spirit, that they might also enter into the kingdom of God."

1955 for Copyright the Trusteein-Trust by David O. McKay, of Church

Saints. expressly Those two great purposes, when Dining Room Jesus Christ of Latterday part in full or Reproduction in

(Continued on following page) prohibited.

NOVEMBER 1955 797 Dedicatory Addresses Delivered at Swiss Temple Dedication Priesthoods, and subsequently all the keys of the priesthood ever held by (Continued from preceding page) pose in love of thee, of one another, thy prophets from the days of Adam, preached properly, earnestly, and sinand of all sincere people in the world. through Abraham a-nd Moses, to

cerely to the honestin-heart, will apWe are grateful that in the spring Malachi who held the power to "turn peal to the justice of those who love of 1820, on the American continent, the heart of the fathers to the chilthe truth. That is why this building thou and thy Son Jesus Christ didst dren, and the heart of the children

is erected. What an opportunity is appear to the young man Joseph to their fathers"(Mai. 4:6) down to

ours today to dedicate it for those Smith; that thou didst introduce the the latest generation.

and other purposes. Savior of mankind by saying, "This is All these rights, powers, and priviGod help us to appreciate the reMy Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph leges were restored and delivered austored gospel of Jesus Christ, all comSmith 2:17.) We are grateful that thoritatively in this, the greatest disprehensive. The philosophy of life under thy guidance and inspiration pensation of all time.

are grateful for the Constituis contained in it, and in this house the Church of Jesus Christ was orWe will be presented, in the endowment, ganized in completeness, with apostion of the United States of America in addition to what I've said, the real tles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evanwhich permitted the Church of Jesus philosophy of life, obedience to which gelists, etc.,"for the "perfecting of Christ to be established through heavenly messengers, and which grants towill take the individual—and this is the saints, for the work of the minevery man the right to worship Godmy testimony and I know it—from the istry, for the edifying of the body of

low, selfish, envious, antagonistic, Christ: according to the dictates of his own

hateful level that characterizes the "Till we all come in the unity of conscience.

animal plane, right up to the Christ's, the faith, and of the knowledge of the We are grateful for the freedomand he who can dedicate all his loving government of Switzerland, thoughts, his talents, even his life, which through the centuries has held can take the covenant of consecrainviolate man's free agency and his tion, may pass through this veil inalienable right to worship thee figuratively into the presence of our without dictation from any man or

Heavenly Father. The gospel is all group of men whomsoever.

comprehensive. We are grateful that in the com-

I pray this morning with all my pleteness of the organization of the soul, that all the members of the Church every member has an opporChurch, their children, and their tunity to serve his fellow men havingchildren's children, may at least in mind the divine saying—"Inasglimpse the glory of the house of the much as ye have done it unto one of

Lord and have strength enough to apthe least of these my brethren, ye ply the principles of the gospel of have done it unto me."(Matt. 25:40.)

Jesus Christ which are eternal and We express gratitude to thee for the applicable to every person living, in leaders of thy Church from the developing that spirituality which Prophet Joseph Smith down through will bring peace on earth and good the years to the present General Auwill toward men, as declared when thorities—The First Presidency, the

Christ came as the babe of BethleCouncil of the Twelve Apostles, the hem. Assistants to the Twelve, the Patri-

I humbly pray for us all and for arch to the Church, the First Council our children in this regard, in the Baptismal Font of the Seventy, the Presiding Bishopname of Jesus Christ. Amen. ric.

Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterContinue to reveal to the First

day Saints. Reproduction in full or in part

expressly prohibited. Presidency thy mind and will as it

pertains to the growth and advanceWill you now please join with me Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto ment of thy work among the children as I present this house to our Father: the measure of the stature of the fulof men.

ness of Christ."(Eph. 4:1213.) With humility and deep gratitude

SWISS DEDICATORY PRAYER Such is the divine message in these we acknowledge thy nearness, thy dilatter days to all thy children, living vine guidance and inspiration. Make

Eternal our Father: dead! and susceptible our spiritual reeven moreOGod,

this sacred occasion, the On to thee. Through hearing thy Son, and by sponse

completion and dedication of the obedience to his word, we come to Bless the presidencies of stakes, high first temple to be erected by the thee; and "To know thee and Jesus councils, presidencies of missions,

Church in Europe, we give our hearts Christ whom thou has sent is eternal bishoprics of wards, presidencies of and lift our voices to thee in praise life."(See John 17:3.) branches and of quorums, superinand gratitude. Help us to free our We are grateful that following the tendencies and presidencies of auxilminds from idle thoughts and our glorious revelation of thee and thy iaries throughout the world. Make

souls from selfish and envious feelings, beloved Son, thou didst in this dispenthem keenly aware of the fact that that in sincerity and truth we may sation restore by heavenly messengers they are trusted leaders and that they assemble as one in singleness of purthe Aaronic and the Melchizedek (Continued on page 847) 798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA threeyear-old caretaker could not outquote him.

The next exciting moment was the meeting of the Tabernacle Choir on the docks at Greenock, Scotland.

There was little work done on the docks that day. Crowds milled around

waiting for the tender to bring to the docks the passengers of the SS

Saxonia which could be seen in the distance. President and Sister

McKay stood on the docks waiting for the passengers to come ashore.

Finally with the last boatload, came a Scotch bagpipe band in full regalia.

When the boat pulled in, the Provost (mayor) of the city of Greenock and

President McKay officially greeted the choir members represented by

Elder Richard L. Evans, President

Lester F. Hewlett, Elders Jack Thomas, J. Spencer Cornwall, Richard P.

Condie, Frank W. Asper, and Alex-

—United Press Photo ander Schreiner.

Some Choir members in London, with Big Ben and Houses of Parliament in background. Tears glistened from the eyes of the

members of the Church when, on the docks along the Clyde River, the choir included in its songs the hearttouching "Come, Come, Ye Saints."With the President in Europe When the choir sang, "On the Bonny,

by Clare Middlemiss Bonny Banks of Loch Lomond,"the

Scots as well as Church members

SECRETARY TO PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY were deeply moved.

The members of the choir gathered like and Sister about President McKay 1955. Reiser joy 30, with as he met President AugustLondon, pictures, their birds, taking trip all this All in has been so missionaries. it was homing and the For me

fast and so breathtaking to me almost unbelievable that I was in the shaking hands, and crying out, "Oh, that I can hardly assimilate one event country of my forebears. With the President McKay, we are so glad

before we are encountering the next. wonders of modern travel, we are to see you here."That the President

It is wonderful to see other parts of surely neighbors to our brethren and was glad to see them was evidenced the world and to become acquainted sisters across the sea. We left Salt by his remaining out in the rain for

with the lives and activities of other Lake City Tuesday morning, August two hours awaiting their landing.

peoples. Our first real thrill was when 16, stayed one night in New York, Later, at the sacred service held in

we boarded the Scandinavian Airand Thursday morning we were in Edinburgh for choir members and the lines TransAtlantic plane at the Scotland. members of the Church in that disIdlewild Airfield, bound for Scotland, trict, President Hewlett said, "When

August 17. Our flight was perfect En route to our hotel in Glasgow, the choir members and officers and

in every way, President and Sister we stopped at the Robert Burns visiting friends arrived at the docks

McKay relaxed and enjoyed this brief Memorial Cottage. As we rode of Greenock and saw our beloved

respite. Sleeping on the plane while through the Ayrshire countryside, the President and learned that he had

in flight over the Atlantic was a birthplace of that great poet, Presistood in the rain two hours waiting thrilling experience in itself, and I dent McKay quoted line upon line for us, we felt that we had the whole was happy that all in our party had of this famous Scotsman to us. Every Church with us."

a good night's rest. room of the thatchedroof cottage At three o'clock that afternoon the

recalled passed which through we President Choir Tabernacle Airport, and at Prestwich We arrived in Burns'incident some or some poem graciously enwere the next morning. McKay and party at 9:05Scotland,

President A. Hamer Reiser, Elder life, and it was a rare privilege to tertained by Mr. and Mrs. Andrew

Ned Edward Hoopes, and Elder Gayle hear President McKay recite the Hood, the Lord and Lady Provost of

E. Baddley of the British Mission poetry in true Scotch brogue which Glasgow. Prior to this general enterwere there to meet us. The elders made even the natives turn and listainment, the President and his party,

pinned a sprig of Scotch heather ten. As we looked at the hundreds Elder and Sister Evans, Elder and

on each of us and extended a hearty of original manuscripts and memenSister Cornwall were formally rewelcome to Scotland. President toes in the nearby museum, we lisceived in the private chambers of

McKay was as thrilled as any of his tened to additional quatations from the Lord and Lady Provost. In the

party to be on Scotch soil; he beamed President McKay. Even the eighty- (Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1955 799 With the President in Europe

(Continued from preceding page) beautiful marble hall, the Lord Provost gave an address of welcome. He

stated in his opening remarks that this "is the first time that a body of

Latterday Saints has been formally received in Glasgow."He decried the

prejudice, ignorance, and injustice of the past toward our people, and stated that the days of persecution no longer exist in Scotland. No one in the room

realized better than President McKay how bitter the persecution of the past had been. He later recalled that

fiftyeight years ago he would "hardly have dared set foot on the steps of the City Chambers of Glasgow."

President McKay responded by telling of his great love for Scotland—United Press Photo

and of his deep appreciation for the President David O. McKay breaks the ground for the London Temple.

cordial welcome that had been extended on this eventful day. again in its entirety. The Lord Prooff land, who now had a prophet in

The next day we visited Stirling vost, in the box next to the McKay their midst! President A. Hamer

Castle, the site of the story related party, praised the choir highly and Reiser, Elders Lester F. Hewlett and

in Cherished Experiences "Whate'er wished it "as great success in each Richard L. Evans, spoke to the conthou Art, Act Well thy Part."(Pp. concert to be given as they had at this gregation. President McKay in his

174175.) As a discouraged and performance."And the manager of concluding sermon gave a powerful

homesick missionary, President McKelvin Hall invited the choir to readdress on the fundamental principles

Kay felt that motto was a direct mesmain for a week longer, stating that of life and salvation.

sage to him and determined to act he could fill the hall. When they inFollowing the meeting President

well his part in the mission field. It formed him they could not stay, he and Sister McKay were driven back

was a thrill to stand with the Presiinvited them to return next year, to Glasgow. Dr. Edward R. McKay,

dent on the same spot fiftyeight was accomplished by the choir at that his wife, and I remained in Edinyears later and have him point out place alone only time will tell! burgh and accompanied the missionthat same plaque as he repeated the On Sunday, August 21, we arrived aries to Mound Square where we atwords and incident to us. in Edinburgh, to attend sacred servtended a street meeting. On this

The exciting first concert of the ices with the Saints and the choir. square, as is the custom of the British

choir, held in Kelvin Hall, Glasgow, They were held in the Victoria Theapeople, we saw groups standing was an occasion that will live long in tre. around speakers, each with his own

our memories. Applause given the The opening song, "We Thank portable pulpit. The speakers were

choir after they sang, "Come, Come, Thee, O God, for a Prophet,"was surrounded by "hecklers"as well as

Ye Saints,"was soulstirring; it was sung with stirring emotion by the listeners. A son of Senator Wallace F.

so persistent that the choir sang it members of the Church in this far- (Continued on page 841)

Tabernacle Choir at Gebouw Hall, Amsterdam.

silver antelope, the highest awards bestowed by the council and the region; he had labored long in the

Mutual Improvement Association of the Church, in his ward, stake, and as a member of the general board, and for several years as assistant general superintendent. He had helped promote the M Men program and pioneered the roadshow activity which

has brought so much joy to so many of the members of the Church.

Truly, he had faith in young people and enjoyed being with them, and they returned that faith by following him and his example.

For many years he served as field representative of the Aaronic Priesthood program for the Presiding Bishopric. In 1941 he was called to

Palmyra, New York, where he directed the activities of the Bureau of

Information at the Hill Cumorah. He

interested himself in maintaining pioneer traditions and lore, and he was at the time of his death, and for many years previously, executive secretary 4of the Utah Pioneer Trails and

Landmarks Association. The monuments that he has helped place tell

the story of the activity of the Church from the Atlantic to the Pacific. He

was a member of the Utah Centennial Commission. He was executive

secretary of the "This Is the Place"

Monument Commission and as such had much to do with the erection of the magnificent monument which stands on the east bench of Salt Lake

City at the end of the old Mormon

Photograph by Austin Studio Trail.

John D. Giles His perseverance, his vision, and his

long, arduous, and capable efforts were most important factors in the

all of the John D. Giles theestablishmentmonumentof embracingthe park surrounding

area that connects with the mouth of 1883 - 1955 Emigration Canyon, as well as the building of the scenic and historical highway that follows the trail of the by George Q. Morris Mormon pioneers about thirty miles

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE from Henefer to the Salt Lake Valley.

More recently his was the assign- o write a tribute to Elder His facets included: friend, inspirer ment for preparation and publicity

John D. Giles, my lifeof youth and those who work with for the dedication of the Mormon

long friend and assoyouth; student of Church history and Pioneer Memorial Bridge over the

ciate, is difficult indeed. authority on Church geography, the Missouri River near Omaha.

His talents, of which he littleexplored (until he came) avenue He often told the story of how, as had many, were always ready to be that must accompany historical re- a young man, working for the Deseret used for the Church and the building search; he had labored with the Boy News, their business manager, Horace

up of the kingdom upon the earth. Scouts of America locally and nation- G. Whitney, and a close neighbor of

John D. Giles was as a well -polally for more than forty years, and his, had called him to his desk one

ished gem in the hand of the Lord. had been given the silver beaver and (Continued on page 830)

NOVEMBER 1955 801 THE LOS

"... in the process of time the

shores of the Pacific may yet be overlooked from the temple of the Lord."

a note contains message, which This of prophecy, of an inspirwas part ing and encouraging epistle sent from Brigham Young and Willard

Richards from the Salt Lake Valley in August 1847, to the Saints in California.

One hundred years later, as the

Los Angeles Temple nears completion, the Saints on "the shores of the Pacific"have every reason for rejoicing.

Their prayers have been answered.

Their labors have been rewarded.

Their sacrifices have borne fruit.

Situated on a prominent hill near

Wcstwood Village, Los Angeles, California, just five miles from the ocean, the temple has already become a landmark. Because of its location

and height (the spire is 257 feet above the first floor) it can be seen from such distant points as San

Pedro, Catalina Island, and from ships twentyfive miles out to sea.

City officials, architects, builders, local residents, and tourists have -Photo by Hal Rumel The Los Angeles Temple from the southwest. been loud in their praise of the excel-

—George Bergstrom Photo—George Bergstrom Photo

Laying steel and pouring concrete for the basement floor, OctoConstruction work progresses as forms are placed and concrete ber 1952. poured.

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President David O.

McKay removes first shovelful of dirt at groundbreakingAngeles temple ceremonies, September 1951.

by Edward O. Anderson

TEMPLE ARCHITECT

lence of the structure and the striking beauty of the building and the grounds.

The prayer of the architect from the beginning has been that the same spirit that guided the builders of the temples and the Salt Lake Tabernacle in the early days of the Church be imparted to this project and that this temple might express in appearance the spiritual work to be carried on within it and at the same time be arranged so as to give comfort and ease of operation.

Steel framework for the steeple, rPiTLE to the property which includes which extends 151 -*- 24.23 acres, was obtained by the feetabove8 '/zthe roof.inches

Church in March 1937, from Harold

Lloyd of motion picture fame. The

temple site now includes thirteen acres of the original plot. The rest

of the ground is occupied by a Bureau of Information, a heating plant, the

California Mission home, and the

Westwood Ward chapel.

As much time was required to build the structure on paper as was needed to build it with concrete and stone.

The former board of temple architects began making sketches the same {Continued on following page)

—George Bergstrom Photos

Building the second story, which contains the ordinance rooms, Extensive steel scaffolding required for inside construction,

February 1953. September 1953.

NOVEMBER 1955 803 The Los Angeles Temple

(Continued from preceding page)

President McKay year that the property was purchased discusses placing for a building which would accommoof statue the Angel date a company of two hundred perleft to with, Moroni right, Edward O. sons. Before plans were completed,

Anderson, temple the work was stopped by World War architect; Millard

sculptor; II. After the war, zoning problems F. Malin

Soren N. Jacobsen, caused further delays. Then, in Jancontractor; and uary 1949, the Church architect was

Vern Loder, supernotified by the First Presidency that intendent. he had been appointed sole architect to the temple. He was instructed to

prepare plans for a larger temple, one which would accommodate a company of three hundred persons, equal to the

Salt Lake Temple in size, and to add an assembly room on the top floor.

Groundbreaking ceremonies were held on September 22, 1951 at midday. Exercises were directed by President David O. McKay. Appropriate

remarks were made by President

McKay, his counselors, Stephen L

Richards and J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

Raising the statue of the Angel MorPresident Joseph Fielding Smith reponi October 10, resenting the Council of the Twelve 1953. Note size of Apostles; Presiding Bishop LeGrand

in statue compariRichards, and Mayor Fletcher Bowson workmen. with

ron of the City of Los Angeles.

Following the ceremony President

McKay offered the prayer, dedicating the ground in the name of the Lord as a place upon which a temple should stand.

By July 7, 1952 plans and specifications had been fully prepared, a permit to build the temple had been issued by the Los Angeles building department, and construction work was ready to begin.

Soren N. Jacobsen was called by the

Church to supervise the construction, and his workmanship has brought great praise from many sources.

The Saints in the temple area meanwhile had not been idle. The

Facing the temtask of raising a million dollars seemed ple walls with stone like a tremendous project, but the cast from crushed people never hesitated. On Februquartz and Portland

cement. ary 1, 1952, stake presidencies, high

council members, patriarchs, and bishoprics, and their wives, along with representatives of the California Mission, met in the South Los Angeles

Stake Center at Huntington Park to launch the campaign. Each stake

president made a pledge for his stake, and throughout the area ward and stake leaders showed the way by being the first to make contributions and pledges.

People were asked to contribute what they considered to be their fair share of the total. The response was

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Part of the crowd of approximately 10,000 persons who witThe circular stairs which lead from foyer to second floor.

nessed the cornerstone laying ceremonies, December 11, 1953.

immediate and overwhelming. At mately four and one half acres. Some building approximately 16,500 feet

April conference in 1952, stake presi90,258 sacks of cement were used in (nearly three and onehalf miles) of dents reported to the First Presidency the project, and 16,050 cubic yards of flourescent tubing, with 38 miles of that they had received money and concrete were poured. The depth of cable and wire, and 52 lighting

pledges, not for $1,000,000, but for the concrete foundations is 24 feet, panels.

$1,648,613.17! and the overall height of the buildBuilt of reinforced concrete and

Stories of sacrifices and devotion ing including the tower is 257 feet 8 structural steel, the building is firebeyond the call of duty are legion. inches. The tower extends 151 feet proof and quakeresistant. The exSmall children drained their savings S l/2 inches above the roof. terior is covered with 146,000 square

banks and gave up their allowances The temple contains ninety rooms. feet of MoSai stone facing of crushed

so they could help build the temple. Each of the ordinance rooms, which quartz and white Portland cement

Teenagers by the thousands gave are on the second floor, has a capacity quarried in Utah and Nevada. Each

generously, often going without things of 300 persons. The chapel, in the stone is eight by seven feet in size and

they wanted and needed. Some southwest wing seats 380, while the 2!/4 inches thick, weighing approxifamilies put off home improvements; dining room in the southeast wing mately 1600 pounds. The stones are

others decided to drive the old car a will accommodate 300. The largest fastened to the concrete wall with

few more years; still others conroom in the building is the assembly bolts and concrete grout. The wainstributed their vacation money to the room, which occupies most of the cot around the exterior of the temple

cause. third floor. It is 257 feet long, 76 is of Rockville granite from Cold

By early August of 1955 the stakes feet 7 inches wide, 34 feet high, and Springs, Minnesota. Exterior stair

and mission had given to the Church will seat 2,600 persons. treads are solid granite.

in excess of $1,300,000.00 with the The electrical capacity of the temThe building exterior was designed

promise that before the temple is ple is sufficient to light 1,000 fiveto withstand the wear and tear of dedicated they would contribute the room residences. There are in the (Continued on following page)

full amount of their pledge. Stake

presidents have reported that the—George Bergstrom Photos

project has been faithpromoting and testimonybuilding, an experience that none who has participated will President Stephen forget. Peace and happiness have LasRichardsThomaswatchesB.

come to all as a result of having the Child, masonry opportunity to help build the house contractor directs of the Lord. cornerstone.the placing of the

Tt was a joyous day in August 1952 *-'when heavy equipment moved onto the site, and excavation was begun.

An idea of the size of the undertaking can be had from the following figures: The temple is 364 feet wide and 241 feet deep and contains 190,614 square feet of floor space, or approxiNOVEMBER 1955 805 floors. Vinylized fabric and mosaic

The los Angeles Temple tile cover many of the walls.

(Continued from preceding page) The baptismal font, which is supthe elements. The quartz of the cast ported by twelve bronze oxen modeled

stone and the quartz in the granite by Sculptor Millard F. Malin, is a fine

are in harmony and each gives the piece of workmanship in stainless same life to the wall surface in daysteel. A mural on the wall of the

light; they sparkle in the sunshine, baptistry depicting the baptism of the

and glow in the floodlights at night. Savior by John the Baptist in the

The surface is also selfcleaning. River Jordan with the Mount of

The statue of the Angel Moroni Temptation in the background was which surmounts the tower is the painted by Joseph Gibby of Los creation of Millard F. Malin. The Angeles (formerly of Ogden, Utah).

cast aluminum statue, which weighs The murals in the ordinance rooms, 2100 pounds and is 15 feet 5 J/2 inches some of which are reproduced in full tall is covered with gold leaf. The color in the center pages of this

trumpet in the hands of the angel is magazine, are brilliantly executed, eight feet long. While the building and startling in their effect. Artist

itself faces southeast, the statue faces Harris Weberg of Ogden who has east. painted murals in the Idaho Falls

The stone grilles over the windows temple depicts the creation of the not only add to the beauty of the earth in the oval creation room. Edbuilding but also serve to cut down ward Grigware, of Cody, Wyoming

the direct rays of the sun,.at the has created unbelievably beautiful

scenes on the walls of the garden same time emitting a maximum room. Here planting areas filled with

amount of light. potted flowers and plants, along with

All materials used have been semarble trim throughout, blend harlected to withstand wear and to cut moniously with the murals.

Eight cost of maintenance. down The world room shows Adam and quarried in Vermont, marble, types of

of Eden the Garden Eve leaving Tennessee, Italy, and France, adorn world. dreary the lone entering and Highof building. the the inside formartist, L. Shepherd, Robert

tile the The carpets are used on and grade Salt erly bishop of Winder Ward in

Lake City, has indeed captured the and Grigware (Left) Artists Edward stark but enchanting beauty of the painting pause from Shepherd Robert murals to discuss scene in Garden deserts in his paintings. He has also

Room painted by Mr. Grigware. done work in the Idaho Falls and

The largest room in the temple, the Manti temples.

assembly room on the third floor, which will seat 2600 persons. The terrestrial room has been

—Hal Rumel Photos planned for peace and comfort with

subdued colors and furnishings. This

arrangement helps to accent further the lovely brilliance of the celestial room where the walls were decorated by Alfred Lippold and his workers under the direction of Edward Grigware. As elsewhere in the temple,

the furnishings for the room were fashioned by the architect, and the carpets, draperies, and upholstery material were especially designed or selected for the room, and blend into a symphony of indescribable beauty.

The sealing rooms are equally lovely.

The story of the landscaping of the temple grounds is intriguing, but can be told only briefly here. Long before the building itself was completed

approximately four acres of lawn was put in, some twelve species of trees (several dozen individual trees in all) were transplanted, and ornamental plants and shrubs and flowers were

Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the placed. It is difficult to believe that

of Jesus Christ Church of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full many of the trees, some of which exprohibited. expressly or in part

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tend 80 feet into the air, have not Boulevard have reported that they us gives us goose pimples. It is so

been growing on the grounds for were so startled and impressed with different from anything we have ever many years. the magnitude and beauty of the heard before. My friend says she is

Twentytwo Specimen Olive trees building and grounds that they could going to join your Church."

line the two walks leading up to not resist stopping to inquire about "Yes,"the New Zealand woman the building from Santa Monica the building. responded, "this is so much greater

Boulevard. This is a favorite shade The following report is typical. than anything I have ever heard. I

and ornamental tree in Southern President Williams explained somewould be happy for your missionaries

California and was selected because thing of the purpose of the temple to to call on me in New Zealand so that of its interesting multiple branching a visitor from New Zealand and her I might learn more."

and because it is easily adapted to American friend. After the two had A surprising number of non -memdomestic use. These trees (which are been left alone for a few moments bers of the Church from coast to

35 to 45 feet wide and 35 feet tall) they again approached President coast, disappointed at not being able were secured in the La Mirada area, Williams and the American woman to go through the building, have left thirty miles from the temple, and said, "What you have been telling their names and addresses and *ked hauled in at night under special perto be notified if the temple is to be mits because of the great width. opened for visitors. A New York man

About two dozen Canary Island said he would time a business trip to

Pine trees also adorn the grounds. the Coast to coincide with the temple

Two of the largest are seventy feet opening if he could tour it.

tall. One of these was boxed in a nine Requests for tours through the temfoot box about onehalf mile from the ple have come from civic and service

temple and left for three months to clubs, business and professional become established before it was groups, religious conference groups, moved to the temple grounds. The and others.

tree and soil weighed about 17 tons. Such, in brief, is the story of the

Also planted on the grounds are Los Angeles Temple to date.

three varieties of palm trees, bird of As the time for dedication apparadise trees, fern trees, coast Redproaches members of the Church woods, liquid amber trees, coral trees throughout the world join with the and maidenhair trees, and two very saints in the Los Angeles Temple area rare Chinese Ginkgo trees. in thanksgiving to our Heavenly

Two rock gardens, a reflection pool, Father for the erection of this holy rosesa rose garden con- (Mia Maid house where his work can be carried Putting the finishing touches on the grillgirlstributed of the area) by Mutual on. work.

and two fountains add to the beauty of the grounds. Shrubs planted in -George Bergstrom Photos

large boxes on top of the wings of the building draw much comment.

More than two carloads of peat moss, and over 600 tons of fertilizer were used in preparing the grounds. President William

The reaction of men who have Noble Waite of the

Angeles Losworked on the project is worthy of South presents a Stake note. Each day's work was started check to President

with prayer, and in spite of all the David O. McKay

activity of construction a spirit of on membersbehalf ofof thethe peace seemed to permeate the grounds. Church in Southern

Families of at least three of the California who men who worked on the building pledged613.17 for $1,648,-temple

have joined the Church, and a numconstruction.

ber of families of other workmen are seriously investigating. One nonmember sent his son on a mission

after he started working on the building. When the son returned he baptized his father into the Church.

Not only will the work of the Lord be carried on within the building, but the chances for missionary work among the living because of the structure are great. Since the Bureau of

Information was opened last March there have been over 55,600 visitors during the workday hours. Many

of them, driving along Santa Monica

NOVEMBER 1955 807—United Press Photo

President David O. McKay presides at the groundbreaking.

—Photo by Hal Rumel

Architect's conception or the London Temple.

Oxford '.Bucking-'jdshireT/

U The B, LONDON TEMPLE

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr,

RESEARCH EDITOR

Map showing English countryside. The star indicates the temple site.

The house at Newchapel, from the formal gardens.

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A portion of the congregation at the groundbreaking. -United Press Photo

WhenbrokePresidentground Davidfor theO. McKayBritish The1955) latestindicateChurchthat thererecordsare (Julynow Londonmembers andCountyofficialsCouncilof the choir.greeted

Temple on Saturday, August 27, 8,924 members in the British Mis- "But this is not the first time that 1955, at Newchapel, Surrey, England, sion. we have held groundbreaking cereabout twentyfive miles south of LonIt had been arranged that the monies for a house of the Lord. It is

don, the dream of the British memEuropean tour of the Salt Lake the first time in Great Britain.

bers of the Church for a house of Tabernacle Choir would coincide, "Whether the London Temple will the Lord in their homeland moved and that the choir would be present be the thirteenth or fourteenth tem- a step closer to realization. and sing at the ground breaking. ple to be dedicated, remains to be

The land of Great Britain, third The full text of President McKay's seen, which temple—the London or

oldest mission field of the Church address at these services is as follows: the New Zealand Temple—will be

(only the United States and Canada "My brethren and sisters: The erected first. We have now comare older), has been a bulwark of Tabernacle Choir, on its initial [Eupleted or have under construction

strength for the restored gospel since ropean] tour, has already established fourteen temples in the Church, and the days of the Prophet Joseph Smith. a number of firsts. For the first time others are under consideration. This

It was in July 1837, while the headin the history of the Church, a group is a very significant occasion. We

quarters of the Church were at Kirtof members of the Church of Jesus propose to, figuratively speaking, comland, Ohio, and ten years before the Christ of Latterday Saints was welmence the erection of the London pioneers entered the valley of the comed at Greenock by the Provost Temple by breaking ground on the

Great Salt Lake, that LDS missionand Lady, uniformed band, bagpipes, southeast corner of where the temple aries first arrived in the British Isles. kilts. For the first time, the Lord will stand.

One would surely have to be a Provost and Lady of Glasgow greeted "There are only two men in this member living in Great Britain to an organization of the Church in the congregation who visualize the Lonknow just what a temple in that land Municipal Hall. For the first time don Temple in its perfection. Those

means to those brothers and sisters. in the history of the Church, the (Continued on following page)

President McKay addressing Saints and missionaries as he dedicated the temple site, August 10, 1953.

NOVEMBER 1955 809 THE LONDON TEMPLE (Continued from preceding page) With many a sharp incision; Later there was sunshine again as

two gentlemen have already spoken Then that angel dream became his the visitors toured the temple grounds.

to you—Edward O. Anderson and own, The story of Newchapel, the site

Sir Thomas Bennett. These archiHis own that angel vision. of the London Temple, is a fascinattects have the ability to visualize the ing one. The earliest record appears

structure as it will appear when com- ''Sculptors of life are we as we stand to be found in William the Conpleted. You and I cannot see that, With our souls uncarved before us, queror's Doomsday Book. The lands

except in picture form. These two Waiting the time when at God's comsurrounding the temple site are ingentlemen already visualize every mand ventoried there, and the documents

room, every wall, even every bolt Our life dream shall pass o'er us. formed the basis for the division of

from foundation to turret. We join the land to William's loyal followers

them today, however, in starting the "'If we carve it well on the shapeless and the establishment of the feudal erection of this magnificent temple. stone, system.

"We have in our hearts the prayer With many a sharp incision, Newchapel was an old Elizabethan that it will be built solidly, sacredly, That angel dream we make our own, farm, and the remains of the old farmthat those who participate in the Our own that angel vision.'house can be seen in the present

stands on the estate.architectural design, those who take—George W. Doane house which

the contract, and the workmen, may Much later the property was acall feel that they are erecting a house "I leave that thought with this quired by a British inventor who to the glory of God and to the salvagroup assembled in the groundbreak- understook to develop the farm into tion and happiness of his children. ing ceremonies today. We cannot in a country estate. He sold the propIndeed, I think it would be appropriour mind visualize the structure that erty to an American who made the

ate for us to quote Ruskin as follows: will be erected here as our architects largest investment in the property,

"'When we build, let us think that see it. We cannot see the soul of developing the gardens and the home.

we build forever. Let it not be for the architect or the soul that we are Again the property was sold, this time

present delight, nor for present use making, but each one has the reto Mr. and Mrs. Pears of the Pears

alone. Let it be such work as our sponsibility of carving that soul well, Soap Company.

descendants will thank us for, and visualizing as his guide the Savior of During his 1952 European tour, let us think, as we lay stone on stone, the world. President McKay examined several

sites in Great Britain that might bethat a time is to come when these "God help each of us to draw that stones will be held sacred because lesson today as we participate in the suitable for a temple. Late in this

our hands have touched them, and groundbreaking ceremonies, I pray, exploration, he and the late Elder men will say, as they look upon the in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen."Stayner Richards, who was then an

labor and wrought substance of them: Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

'See this our Fathers did for us.'"The services were conducted under and president of the British Mission,

"In years to come, many of us a cove of trees in the garden until it found Newchapel but discovered that may not be able to come back and was time for President McKay to walk it was not for sale. President Richpass the highway which you are facto the point for the southeast corner ards completed his mission, and

ing. Your children may. And if of the temple. The program inPresident Reiser assumed his duties,

they pass the completed structure cluded: one of which was to find a site

dedicated to the Lord, they will say, for the temple. About six months

'See, my parents (or my grandpar- "The Morning Breaks,"Salt Lake after President McKay and President ents) were there on the occasion that Tabernacle Choir; Invocation, Elder Richards had seen the Newchapel

the ground was broken on the south- J. Spencer Cornwall, conductor of the property, the owners were again apeast corner of that edifice.'Choir; "The Lord's Prayer,"Taberproached. This time they consented

"There is one thing more which I nacle Choir; Address, President A. to sell to the Church. It took several

think we should keep in mind, and Hamer Reiser of the British Mission; months to close the negotiations, but

that is that as this structure will rise Address, Elder Edward O. Anderson, when President McKay returned to

in keeping with the drawing of these Church Temple Architect; Address, Europe in 1953, he dedicated this site

master (or maestro) architects, let Sir Thomas Bennett, supervising for a temple on August 10.

us keep in mind that we, too, are architect for the British Temple; AdThe home on the property, albuilding. Each one here is building dress, President David O. McKay though Elizabethan in style, is only

a temple to the Most High; for exfollowed by the ground breaking*; about thirty years old.

ample, "O My Father,"male chorus of the A branch of the Church has been

Tabernacle Choir; Benediction, Elder established at Newchapel, and the

"'Chisel in hand stood a sculptor boy Richard L. Evans of the Council of genealogical offices of the British

With his marble block before him, the Twelve. Mission have been moved to a reAnd his eye lit up with a gleam of modeled building on the grounds.

The sun shone until the breaking President Charles Beckingham of the

As his lifedream passed before him. of the ground, and then rain fell Newchapel Branch has been apduring the closing hymn and prayer. pointed caretaker of the grounds and

"'He carved it well on the shapeless building, and Brother Albert Stephenstone Evans,*ParticipatingAnderson,in Reiser,the groundand SirbreakingThomaswereBennett.Elders (Concluded on page 855)

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Then, in my mind, I could see the area even before I arrived, and I could envision the hill where the temple should stand. As soon as I

arrived at the college and drove over A TEMPLE IN THE the top of the hill, my whole vision was confirmed. In my heart I felt

SOUTH PACIFIC thathill forthe hisLordtemple,had especiallyeverythingmadeaboutthis it was so majestic and beautiful."

by Allie Howe Without discussing the matter of a

ERA EDITORIAL STAFF temple site with anyone, President

Mendenhall investigated the possithe land of the Maori, preparaquarters are located. But the satisbility of purchasing this land for an

Intion is being made for the breakfaction of obtaining the proper place addition to the Church property but ing of ground for the New for the temple was not experienced. received a negative response. This

Zealand Temple near Hamilton, an "Then one day I felt I should go to was the only strip of property separatinland city on the northern isle. From Hamilton to visit the college,"[eighty ing the college grounds from the exthe Australian, Samoan, Tongan and miles southeast of Auckland], Presitensive Church farm lands; if the

Tahitian missions, Saints will come dent Mendenhall related to the property could be acquired, it would to this house of the Lord. The writer. "While in the car on the join the land together into one choice

membership of the Church has long way, the whole thing came to me whole.

known of the devotion, consecration, in an instant: The temple should Two weeks later, President McKay

and faith of the people of Polynesia. be there by the college. The Church arrived late one evening. Being travel

That they may soon have the opporfacilities for construction were alweary, he retired at once, and it was tunity of receiving divine blessings ready there, and that was the center not until early the next morning that obtainable only in a temple is cause of the population of the mission. {Continued on following page)

for thanksgiving by Latterday Saints everywhere.

Continuing in their pattern of devotion to the gospel, they will build their temple without paid labor.

Humble men, dedicated to the cause, are giving their all in the missionary spirit until the work is completed.

Along with twenty specially called missionaries (and their families) from the center stakes of Zion, each a specialist in his field, over two hundred New Zealand Saints have consecrated themselves and their talents to this fulltime work.

In the same spirit of the great faith of these Saints, the temple location was chosen. The story is one of testimony to all who hear, and certainly

another latterday conviction that the prophet Amos spoke in power and truth: "Surely the Lord God will

do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets."

(Amos 3:7.)

The story began when President

David O. McKay assigned President

Wendell B. Mendenhall of the San

Joaquin Stake to a special mission that of investigating possible temple sites in these beautiful lands of the

South Seas.

President Mendenhall accepted this appointment in the realization that his mission was of a confidential nature. Seeking to acquire property for

general Church purposes, he investiby Hal—Photo Rumel

withingated available lands in Auckland, Architect's drawing of New Zealand Temple planned to be dedicated twoNew Zealand, where mission headof groundbreaking ceremonies. Temple will face the northeast. years

NOVEMBER 1955 '811 S?;::;::,:'::

LEGEND

Panoramic view of college campus, temple hill, and Church farm lands.

1. Proposed temple site behind figure 1.

2. Point from which picture bottom of

page 813 was taken.

3. Natural lake on Church farm lands.

4. Point (just behind figure 4) from which

picture bottom page 812 was taken.

5. Girls'dormitory at college.

6. Mission "Hui Tau"Hall.

7. Joinery or workshop.

8. Site of college gymnasium, auditorium,

swimming pool, and cafeteria.

9. Classroom buildings.

10. Faculty homes. See picture top of page

11. Site of college administration building.

12. Boys'dormitories at college.

13. Site of athletic field.

Spot on which New Zealand Temple will stand, overlooking college campus lying A lCfliiplC* lH tilC iSOlltll 1 ctCllICbeyond hedgerow.

(Continued from preceding page)

President Mendenhall greeted him while in the company of three other brethren. Consequently, there could

be no mention of a site for the temple. President McKay, President

Mendenhall, and the other three brethren drove out to look over the college construction and the farm lands. "As we drove up the road, there was that noble hill,"continued President Mendenhall. "We directed our

travel around the back of it to the farm lands. After we stepped from

the car and were looking around,

—Photos courtesy President Wendell B. Mendenhall,

Looking from the southwest over the top of hill where temple will stand. theNewsSaltChurchLakeBuildingTelegram.Committee, and the Deseret

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA College faculty homes and temple hill rising in the rear.

President McKay called me to one Then as the brethren went to get in reported. "When we met with the

side. By the way he was looking at the car to leave the hill, one of the attorney, we found the sellers had

the hill, I could tell immediately what three approached President Mendenover-priced the property considerwas on his mind. I had not said a hall and said they did not want to ably. After debating the matter for

word to him. He asked, 'What do sell the property, but suggested they about an hour, the attorney said,

you think?'I knew what his quesdiscuss the matter after President 'Would you be willing to consider

tion implied, and I simply asked in McKay had finished his tour. As the this purchase if I break the property

return, 'What do you think, Presicar drove away, President McKay said down my way and arrive at its valuadent McKay?'And then in an alin a tone of reassuring confidence, tion?'We told him we would."

most prophetic tone he pronounced, "They will sell it; they will sell it."After working a while, he passed

'This figures to President Mendenhall Accordingly, President his the day "is the place to build the temple.'Elder Biesinger. and they looked As left, President Mendenhall McKay

The Lord had again revealed his and Elder George Biesinger, superat it, the figures were difficult to will unto his servant, a prophet of visor of Church construction in New believe—the proposal was, to the

God. Zealand, went to see the Murray penny, the evaluation they had com-

"... Then a week later President brothers. That morning they sat upputed.

McKay came back to this beautiful on the hill itself as they discussed the By late afternoon the Church had spot,"President Mendenhall related, property, and by eleven o'clock the a signed agreement from the owners "and I bear witness to you,... that owners had agreed to see an attorney to sell. A family of five all decided

I saw the prophet of this Church in about the sale. There were two of in a few hours against their negative

the spirit of vision, and when he the brothers present at the morning decision of the week before. "And towalked away from that hill, he knew meeting, so they called the other day,"President Mendenhall explains,

the house of the Lord was to be brother, who was fishing, the sister "they can't understand why they ever erected upon that particular spot."* from another community, and their sold the land."

President Mendenhall had found mother, and all went into town. At But this was not the only marvel in

owners—threethat the Murraybrothers,family, theirthe propertymother raythreefamilyo'clockhadthatdefinitelyafternoondecidedthe Murto thechaseacquisitionnaturallyofhadthe land.to be Theapprovedpurand a sister—were not willing to sell. sell the property. by the New Zealand Land AggregaBut the day President McKay re- "Elder Biesinger and I previously tion Court. The day the local court

turned to the hill, the three brothers had gone over the property very turned it down, Mr. Corbett, the Nawatched as he walked around it. thoroughly and had put a valuation tional Minister of Lands, went with

*From address delivered at General Priesthood on it by breaking it down into various President Mendenhall to look over meeting 2, 1955.April held in the Tabernacle, Saturday evening, lots and acres,"President Mendenhall (Continued on page 828)

Rear view of temple site. The hill rises 170

feet above vallev floor.:.K-'-:-:'i::: -:>:::i:;:::::-ii:

NOVEMBER 1955 813 Onecarefully,has onlyparticularlyto read the thescripturesmodern scriptures, to discover that builttemples have been and must in antiquity the Some Thoughts Concerning in greatused even days of the antediluvian patriarchs.

In the Doctrine and Covenants, secof histion 124:39, the speaks Lord Ancient Temples

". are peopleholy house.. which my

always commanded to build unto my (Italics author's.)holy name."

temples should not be as necesAnd and their functionswhy sary for the giving of holy endowments to the living in the days of the ancient patriarchs as now? Surely by Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

the Lord's requirements for the exalDIRECTOR OF GRADUATE STUDIES IN RELIGION tation of men in antiquity would be BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY courtesy the authoressentially the same as now.—Photos

When one thinks of Enoch and his people who walked with God and patriarchs, but that does not prove which they would be administered.

were received into his bosom (Moses they did not exist. The Church exThe further fact that the gospel was

7:69), it seems incredible that they isted in Abraham's day; in fact, the extensively preached in Palestine

should be so received without the engreat Melchizedek seems to have been prior to the advent of the Israelites dowments usually given to men in the head of it, and it was to him that under Joshua must open our minds to holy temples only. Much is said in the father of the faithful paid tithes. the possibility of a fully manned

the Doctrine and Covenants, section (Gen. 14:20.) Abraham also rechurch organization in the Holy Land

132:2937 about the blessings of ceived his priesthood from Melchizein ancient times. (1 Nephi 17:35.)

Abraham which he received as a result dek. (D & C 84:14.) The fact that Such a church would doubtless have

of his faith in God. The Lord says tithes were paid in Abraham's time the spiritual benefits of a temple.

that he "... hath entered into his would lead us to believe that such When Moses brought Israel out of

exaltation and sitteth upon his income would be used in part for Egypt, one of the first things that he throne."(Verse 29.) The same may erecting houses of worship and for did was to try to get the people to

be said of Isaac and Jacob. (Verse building or maintaining a temple accept the higher priesthood and re37.) Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob must "which my people are always comceive the ordinances wherein "...

have had sealed upon them all of the manded to build unto my holy name,"the power of godliness is manifest."

blessings of the gospel, including all repeating our first quotation. (D &C 84:1920.)

of the holy endowments given to the The explanations given to certain And without the ordinances thereof, and faithful in mortality. figures contained in Facsimile No. 2 the authority of the priesthood, the power

Some may ask where the temples in the Book of Abraham must conof godliness is not manifest unto men in were in which they could receive vince the thoughtful Latterday Saint the flesh;

their endowments. It is true that reader that Abraham was acquainted faceForof withoutGod, eventhistheno Father,man canand seelive. the

scripture says little directly about with the sacred endowments and Now this Moses plainly taught to the temples in the days of the ancient hence a temple or its equivalent in children of Israel in the wilderness, and sought diligently to sanctify his people that they might behold the face of God. (Ibid.,

84:2123.)

Such a program as Moses envisaged required the holy endowments and, although the great lawgiver could not build a temple in the wilderness, he could fashion an acceptable tabernacle wherein they could be administered.

And again, verily I say unto you, how shall your washings be acceptable unto me, except ye perform them in a house which you have built in my name?

For, for this case'I commanded Moses that he should build a tabernacle, that they should bear it with them in the wilderness, and to build a house in the land of promise, that those ordinances might be revealed which had been hid from before the world was. (Ibid., 124:3738.)

We do not know the extent to Dr. Schick's reconstruction of the Tahernacle of Moses. which ordinances pertaining to the

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA First of all we notice that the Lord said to his people, "And let them make me a sanctuary; that I may

dwell among them."(Ex. 25:8.)

mm.* Hence the structure was to be com-

!V:V/Ui monly known as the "house of the

Lord."(Ibid., 34:26; Joshua 6:24.)

The tabernacle was constructed of the finest materials that the people had or could obtain while in the wilderness. There were the hair and

skins of the flocks, the acacia wood of the wilderness, and the skin of the tachash, possibly a porpoise or similar creature from the Red Sea.

The people gave liberally of their courtesy Biblical Archaeology—Photograph

specifications prepared ornaments and gold, silver, brass, and drawn from Stevens'reconstruction of the Temple of Solomon, by W. F. Albright and G. Ernest Wright. linen in abundance to go into this

movable sanctuary in the form of a tent.

The tabernacle proper was in the form of a rectangle, thirty cubits long by ten broad, with the entrance at the east end. It was also ten cubits

high. Translated into modern units,

the dimensions were forty five feet by fifteen feet by fifteen feet. The

interior of the structure was divided into two main parts, the one on the extreme west which was fifteen feet square being known as the Holy of

Holies, and the other on the east, which was known as the sanctuary or holy place, was thirty feet long and fifteen feet wide. A kind of vestibule

was on the extreme eastern end of the holy place where the entrance to the structure was located.

The "Moulten Sea"of Solomon's Temple. HowlandGarber reconstruction. The tabernacle was located in the

west end of an outer court which was

Melchizedek Priesthood were perdays "... every man did that which about seventyfive feet wide and one

formed in the tabernacle while in the was right in his own eyes."(Judges hundred fifty feet long. The white

wilderness and in Palestine up to the 17:6; 21:25.) The ordinances perlinen curtain about the outer court

time of the building of Solomon's taining to the Aaronic Priesthood was held in position by sixty posts

Temple, but that such ordinances may have been more extensively perwith silver caps and brass sockets. In

were performed seems certain in the formed during this period, but even the eastern half of the outer court, light of such statements as this: on this score we have little informain front of the tabernacle, was lotion. cated the laver (Ex. 30:1721) for

wives given David's concubines were and 2540 chapters of the book altar Within feet the and hands, and washing of the of Nathan, handunto by me, him of find accounts one will Exodus of offering, of burnt was which made of the prophets servant, others and who ofmy had the keys of this power;... (Ibid., the building of the tabernacle and acacia or shittim wood overlaid with

132:39.) the various restrictions concerning it. (Continued on following page)

It seems more reasonable to believe that Nathan and the other prophets seal wives David's concuandwould as wW*bines to place such in a holy him the tabernacle than in any other structure.

There may have been long periods during the days of the Judges when the ordinances pertaining to the Melchizedek Priesthood would not be '* rfillt performed in the tabernacle, considering the history found in chapters 17ife 21 of the book of Judges. In those Dr. Schick's reconstruction of Zerubbabel's Temple.

NOVEMBER 1955 815

''< & <lfl

Ufjp

—Photos courtesy of the Oriental Institute, University of Chicago

Reconstruction of a Babylonian temple. Model of small Egyptian Temple of Medinet Habu.

building of the temple, the tabernacle lavish temple to the Lord. It was

Ancient Temples and was set up at the high place of completed in seven and onehalf

Their Functions Gibeon. (I Chron. 16:39; 21:29.) years.

Eventually Solomon laid it up in the As to the ordinances conducted in (Continued from preceding page) temple (I Kings 8:4; II Chron. 5:5), this and succeeding temples in Israel,

brass. The altar was hollow to faciliwhich was constructed on the same we need say little. They would

tate its removal during the journeys model but was in every part at least probably be the same as those perof the Israelites; whenever they twice as large. formed in the tabernacle.

pitched it, it was filled with earth, The materials for the permanent The appearance of the Temple of and sacrifices were burned thereon. house of the Lord, known as SoloSolomon may be approximately that

(See cuts of Dr. Schick's reconmon's Temple, were accumulated of the Stevens'reconstruction shown

structions of the tabernacle and mostly by David. (II Sam. 7; I Chron. in the cut accompanying this article.

court. 28:1129:9.) It is estimated that he A word should be said about the

Just how endowment ceremonies gathered a total of 108,000 talents of "moulten sea"or fount supported by were arranged for in the tabernacle gold, 10,000 darics of gold, and twelve oxen which many Latterday as described we can only conjecture. 1,017,000 talents of silver for the Saints have mistakenly supposed was

But within the Holy of Holies, where prospective structure and its furnishbeneath Solomon's Temple symbolizthe ark of the covenant was located, ings. With these metals and other ing baptism for the dead. In II

the Lord made provision to commune materials for which Solomon made Chronicles we find this said about with the leaders of his people. The arrangements, the king built a most it:

Lord said to Moses:

... the sea was for the priests to wash

. set sea at the in [Solomon] he.. and

I thee will from with commune... against east of the end, over side right the

seat, the two the from betweenabove mercy [i.e., of temple]. southeast the the south

of ark the are the which uponcherubims cf. (II 7:39.) 4:6, 10; I Kings Chron.

I will give of all thingstestimony, which thee in commandment unto the children of

Israel. (Ibid., 25:22.) In the reign of Ahaz (736721

B.C.), that ruler took down the sea

We know that the dedication of from off the brazen oxen and stood it the tabernacle took place on the first upon a stone pavement. (II Kings

day of the second year after the de16:17.) When Nebuchadnezzar capparture of the Israelites from Egypt. tured Jerusalem in 590 B.C. (Book

(Ibid., 40:17.) A cloud rested upon Temple of the Warriors, Chichen Itza. of Mormon chronology), he broke the

the sacred structure by day and a fount in pieces. (II Kings 25:13; Jer.

pillar of fire by night during all the 27:1922.)

period of wandering. Whenever the It is of considerable interest to us

camp moved, the Levites took the that scholars affirm the fact that seas

1 it toto piecestabernacle put and temples. built for Babylonian were

r": at thegether again camping new *5 captivity, the Babylonian Following

place. (Ibid., 40:3438.) Cyrus the Persian king authorized the

When the Israelites were settled in Jews to build a temple 60 cubits (90

Canaan, Joshua stationed the taberfeet) in height and breadth (Ezra nacle in Shiloh, where it remained 6:3; Josephus, Antiquities XI.4, 6; Cf.

during the period of the judges. XV. 11, 1), in place of the one de-

(Joshua 18:1.) During Saul's reign stroyed by Nebuchadnezzar in 590

it was at Nob. (Cf. I Sam. 21:1 with (Continued on page 826)

David's most of 2:26.) DuringMark

until that of Solomon'sreign and the A temple at Rio Bee, Yucatan. mentary,1 J. A. Montgomery"Kings,"p. 173.in International Critical Com816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i. The Eschatological Dilemma

any bibliography of presentday

Instudies on the Christian religion, historical or doctrinal, the word /fe0eat&&aa&to?aMf

eschatology looms large. For the

Christian, we are told, "... any real by Dr. Hugh Nibley

understanding of history is only posbrigham young university sible in connection with eschatology."1 And what is eschatology?

According to Gressmann, one of the years! While one school holds that 3, a historic Messianic eschatology;

fathers of modern eschatological studeschatology is necessarily a late de-j 4, a transcendent Messianic eschaies, it was originally whatever had velopment in Jewish thought, a prodtology; and 5, a transcendent cosmic

to do with the end of things, whether uct of the captivity and quite uneschatology embracing a less tranof the world, the society, the age in known to the prophets (Lagrange), scendent but historic Messiah."

which we live or merely of the inanother maintains that prophecy itself In such a way the eschatological the first 2 "rests discussion from fused and very beginning from the on a resurrection. death anddividual—his

of related 7 intermingled a wealth and eschatology."developed scholars... fully theBut in the 1880's German

began using the word in a special Again, while some (e.g., R. H. conflicting terms, periods, and peoples,

sense, applying it specifically to docCharles) have held that the eschatoand the game of deciding just how

if eledegree, each any, and to of logical what nations ideas were heathen Christian, or heathentrines—Jewish, or of combination elements first ment was hence borrowed and by Jews, renewal the with end and—dealing

3 inoffered related others to the faith to Christians, as an anchor when Immediatelyof the earth. and inevitably the discussion of such teachtheir own darling prophecies, espeexhaustible opportunities for learned

ings became involved in the terms cially those concerning the Messiah, debate: the endless variety of changes,

and problems of messianic, apocalypfailed to go into fulfilment, others the nice shades and dainty nuances tic, mythical, mystical, historical, and regard the Jews themselves as the true of meaning, the license of bathing prophetic nature. Whereas formerly originators of those ideas. Today forever in the tepid waters of pure

Messianism and eschatology had had some are claiming that apocalyptic terminology or spinning spiderlike, nothing to do with each other, the writing is simply a combination of from the substance of one's own new speculations brought them ever eschatology with myth, and Mr. Frost esoteric secretions, lovely fragile webs

closer together, until Mowinckel was issues the resounding statement: of definition without end—it was all

able to announce that they were one "Whether apocalyptic is to be disthe schoolmen asked of life, and the and the same. 4 Eschatology and missed as merely myth eschatologized, eschatological discussion might haye

apocalyptic were identified in every or whether it is to be taken seriously gone on like the Trinitarian debate conceivable degree of relationship: as eschatology in a mythological dress, for untold generations had not a

one of the latest studies insists that is perhaps the most urgent problem series of great and unforeseen events they be sharply separated, since confronting the Christian Church togiven a wholly new orientation to eschatology "according to my termiday."8 Personally, I am glad it does things within the last two decades.

nology [Lindblom speaking] is the not confront my church, since Frost But behind this great outpouring prophesying of a new and totally is saying in effect: "The most urgent of words, and what keeps it going,

different age to come."5 problem confronting the court is is the inescapable conviction that

According to an equally recent and whether the accused forged his name eschatology, that is, what people authoritative study, eschatology is just to the check or merely changed the really believed about their place in the opposite of that: "Eschatological amount on it."the universe, holds the key to the

thought I take [S. B. Frost speaking] Fortyfive years ago Father Lagenuine original Christian view of

to be a form of expectation charactergrange distinguished five different eslife—that it represents the unique, the

ized by finality. The eschaton is the chatologies, and, in view of the peculiar, the essentially different elegoal of the timeprocess, that after completely baffling nature of the eviment that sets Christian thinking

which nothing further can occur: it dence, wisely refused to attempt apart from all other thinking. Those

is the climax of teleogical history.... arranging them in any of those evoluvery scholars, such as Harnack and

It cannot even in thought be supertionary or developmental patterns Albert Schweitzer, who insist most seded by a subsequent event.... The which the scientific scholarship of the emphatically on the hopeless inadeeschaton is that beyond which the age found so irresistible. He listed: quacy of the evidence, are the most

faithful never peers."So much for 1, a temporal cosmic eschatology reluctant to leave eschatology alone.

is some thing big and portenthe new age—and this sort of thing without a Messiah; 2, a transcendent There

has been going on for seventy -five cosmic eschatology without Messiah; tous hiding here if we could only

grasp what it is. The vague and

twittering host of broken fragments and wraithlike traditions for all its mazy confusion is definitely trying to tell us something, and the voices are growing louder and clearer every day.

The whole eschatological issue can best be explained, we believe, by a {Continued on page 835) NOVEMBER 1955 817—From a painting by William Ritschel

Beginning a stirring serial - done their work, leaving the brig slowly settling from the water taken aboard by her spreading seams. The

masts were gone, the hatches overboard, the boats broken and splinHIGH ADVENTURE tered. Finally she floundered a mile

offshore—near, the captain thought,

AND A YOUNG MAN'S CONVERSION Galveston,the large lifeboatTexas. whichThe captaincould stillloadedbe

used, with biscuits and water, and by President S. Dihvortb Young with his instruments in the stern, and

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY the crew at the oars, rigged a jury mast and sail and headed for Tampico.

Part 1 In his log for the day he wrote:

"Terrible storm, wind 80, hurricane.

against the eastern sky the Planks, boxes, crates, hatches, broken Opened ship—abandoned at point

Darkgiant clouds of the receding hurspars, each in its turn touched land, near Galveston, Texas Republic.

ricane glowed then darkened berested a moment, and then was borne Crew in lifeboat heading for Tampico.

tween flashes of vivid lightning. The higher on the beach by the next One broken arm, Seaman Jones; cut

Gulf of Mexico, still rough from the larger comber rolling in. scalp, 2nd officer Briggs; lost at sea,

pounding of the storm, spewed the The ship had taken a terrible beatJed Colby, cabin boy."Colby was

wreckage of the brig Wellington, four ing by the storm. The wrenching of last seen clinging to the after hatch

weeks out of London, upon the shore the eightymile wind, and the heaving in the midst of the hurricane—probwith each heave of the surging tide. of the mountainous seas finally had ably washed overboard. Then the

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA captain, having accounted for his disappeared as though defeated as the of wood into a model of a ship, the crew to the satisfaction of the law fo'c'sle door closed. other worked at a piece of sail with

of the sea, set his face and his boat "Now into the bunk wi''im."They a sailor's palm* and long thick needle.

southwest and steered for Tampico. swung the boy into an empty bunk. "Where am I?"said Jed, addressing

Whatever had been the original To a seaman sitting at the table the the woodcarver.

purpose of the voyage of the Wellingmate said, "Watch 'im. If 'e comes "Wal, now, if 'e ain't come alive.

ton, it had certainly changed the life to, just you tie 'im up. We uns 've I thought as 'ow the clip ye got with

of Jed Colby. Clinging desperately got to get one more before high tide."the belayin'pin was like to kill ye. I

to the half submerged hatch, he "Aye, I'll watch 'im,"answered the guess ye be tougher than ye look.

heartbreakingly remembered how he seaman. He arose and came over to Mebbe ye'll do atterall. Ye say

had come to be on board. Shanghaied the bunk. "Yer muster guv 'im an 'where are ye?'That'll be hard to

off the docks where he had eked out a awful clout, 5 'e won't wake up for say just now, but usin'the best judgsmall living for his mother and him- a long time/ ment that a able bodied seaman has self, he was an unwilling sailor on when his betters ain't about, I'd s'y the ship. /\rdinary noises have strange new ye are in the good ship Wellington, As he was leaving the fishmonger's meaning to one returning to consix hours out of London, headed for

shop after his day's work, Jed cut sciousness. Unusual noises do not America, An'now ye are able to use

across the head of the London Comreadily find explanation to the newly yer tongue, the Cap'n wants to see pany dock and headed into the deepawakened ability to hear sounds. The yer in the cabin."With that the

ening fog. Unable to see more than sounds which penetrated the ears of seaman walked over to the boy, took

a few feet, he found his way by the Jed as his addled brain began to him not unkindly by the arm and dim shadows of the walls of buildfunction, added only to the confusion helped him to his feet.

ings. Each shadow was read and he was already struggling to banish. "Steady now, I'll help yer."Up

correctly translated into its proper He became aware that his head was the short ladder and out on to the place as he trudged along. Even throbbing painfully. There was a deck they went. The cold, bracing

though dim, the landmarks were sure strange swishswish, repeated in slow air served to clear his head and ease with the familiarity of long use in all rhythm, which he couldn't quite some of the ache. The fog had lifted.

kinds of weather. place. There were heavy steps overAs far as Jed could see was a tumbling

head accompanied by muffled shouts. roaring mass of water. Each wave

And there was a distinct rocking motowered momentarily above the ship,TTe had been walking for ten mintion. his cleared, Finally and head it, foiled to engulf threatening but was the recognized utes he when realized he happened. had what He easily as rose time the each and bow to alley of the leadingdarker shadow swishswish a ship. on was was The slid the ship the over comber. Overshipping the of comthe warehouses of the ship noise the meeting the sails in bellied the great out the head to learns fog soon a In onepany. steps sea. swells of the and The force their brisk heeling the wind, of varieties of the theread meaning overthe deck shouts were on men little its side. port ship a on Jed, right exactly dethedenseness. At ship. the There was head working of assistance the the with seaman, of sharp turn density wouldgree he of the the bunk. mistaking motion no his across the sloping deck made way street. to next the alleyright the up roll the only be could slow That sailor cabin. captain's to the The

Suddenly two figures loomed out movement of a ship at sea, meeting knocked. At the sound of the gruff

of the darkness of the alley. They the mood of the water and the waves. voice of Captain Strong bidding them

were close upon him before he saw Jed sat up. The door to the deck come in, he pushed the door open.

them. Instinctively startled, he turned was open, letting in a patch of day- "Here's the boy, Cap'n,"he anto run back the way he had come, but light to the dismal interior. Lining nounced, saluting.

he was not fast enough. The men the walls were other bunks. In some The door closed and Jed Colby

jumped forward; Jed felt a strong of them Jed could see sleeping men; looked into the strong, harsh face of

arm around his neck. Suddenly a hear them, too, now that his ears Captain Ebenezer Strong.

great light flashed before his eyes, were alert to sounds. Two men "Well, boy what's your name?"

and he knew no more. dressed in seaman's togs were sitting "Jed Colby."

"Blyme you knocked him out cold, at the low table. One carved a block "Say 'sir'when you speak to me,

bos'n; if you'd a hit 'im any harder boy. Don't forget that I am capyou'd a killed 'im,"said the mate. tain of this ship."

"You tyke 'is feet an'I'll tyke 'is Anger loosened Jed's tongue. "An'

shoulders, and let's get 'im on board why did you shanghai me aboard this before 'e comes to."Along the empty ship? Me with my mother and two

street and down the long dock they brothers to help support. I don't

hurried with their unconscious burknow what they'll do with Father den. Presently the hull of the Welldead this past year. Ye'd best let me

ington loomed like a wraith through go back to 'em."

the fog. A dim ship's lantern hung "Ye'd have a hard time gettin'back

near the sloping gangplank. Up the with us nearly a day out to sea, boy,"

plank and across the deck they hur- (Continued on page 832)ried with the unconscious boy. A

rectangle of light struggled momen- *A sailor's palm is a hard piece of leather which tarily with the swirling mist and then palm.served the place of a thimble and was worn on the

NOVEMBER 1955 819 The Rirtland Temp]

For behold, I have accepted this house, and my name shall be here; and I will manifest myself to my people in mercy in this

house.

Yea, I will appear unto my servants, and speak unto them with mine own voice, if my people will keep my commandments, and do not pollute this holy house. (D & C 110:7-8.)

ThusKirtlandspakeTemplethe SaviorAprilas 3,he1836.appearedThisandvisionacceptedwas folthe

lowed by the appearance of Moses who committed the keys of the gathering of Israel to the Church, then by the visit of Elias and of his conferment of authority, and finally by the visitation of Elijah in fulfilment of Malachi's prediction.

The Kirtland Temple was built in the infancy of the

Church during the extreme poverty of its members, according to the plan of the Lord. He had specified that

it "be fifty and five feet in width, and... sixtyfive feet

in length, in the inner court thereof."(Ibid., 95:15.)

The. building was dedicated March 27, 1836 by the

Prophet Joseph Smith who used a prayer that had been revealed for the purpose.

But "the erection of the temple at Kirtland seemed to increase the hostile opposition to which the Church had been subject since its organization.... Within two years

following the dedication, a general exodus of the Saints had taken place, and the temple soon fell into the hands—Photo by Fellowcrafts Studio

of the persecutors."(James E. Talmage, The House of the The Nauvoo Temple

Lord, p. 123.)

Thus the temple was polluted and rejected. The buildas a used meetinghouse has ing and is been restored now

of of Christ Reorganized Jesus Church by the Latter Day The Nauvoo Temple

Saints.

For a baptismal font there is not upon the earth, that they,

The Kirtland Temple my saints, may be baptized for those who are dead—Photo by Fellowcrafts Studio For this ordinance belongeth to my house, and cannot be ac-

......... ceptable to me, only in the days of your poverty, wherein ye are

not able to build a house unto me.

But I command you, all ye my saints, to build a house unto me, and I grant unto you a sufficient time.... (D & C 124:2931.)

Thus1841. cameObedienta revelationto thatofcommand,the Lord theon cornerstonesJanuary 19,

for the Nauvoo Temple were laid April 6, 1841.

Before the building was completed, the Prophet and his brother Hyrum, the Patriarch, had sealed their testimonies with their blood at Carthage, Illinois, June 27, 1844. Nevertheless, the Prophet Joseph Smith had

taken a select few into the upper part of his store in

Nauvoo, May 4, 1842, and had given them the endowment.

In December 1845 endowment work began, and by the end of that month more than one thousand members had received these blessings. The building was dedicated

on April 30, 1846, and again on the following day.

It was not unknown to the Lord that the Church's stay in Illinois would be brief. The members needed

the blessings they were to receive in that sacred building in order to pass the fiery furnace of the exodus and to come out unscathed.

In September 1846 the Nauvoo Temple was in possession of the mobs, and for two years this once hallowed structure was abandoned. Then in November 1848 it

fell prey to the wanton act of an incendiary. A tornado

in May 1850 blew the walls to the ground.

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The St. George Temple

Two weeks before I left St. George, the spirits of the dead

gathered around me, wanting to know why we did not redeem them.... These were the signers of the Declaration of Independence, and they waited on me for two days and two nights.... I

straightway went into the baptismal font and called upon Brother

McAllister to baptize me for the signers of the Declaration of

Independence, and fifty other eminent men, making one hundred in all, including John Wesley, Columbus, and others.

Wilford Woodruff stated this at the fall general conference in 1877.

The St. George Temple is the oldest in the Church

in terms of continuous service. President Brigham Young

was the architect for the building. President George A.

Smith of the First Presidency dedicated the site November 9, 1871, and ground was broken the same day. The

seepage from several springs of alkali water threatened to ruin the foundations of the building. Pioneer ingenuity made a pile driver from a cannon that was a

Mexican War relic. This great hammer, bouncing three

times with every charge, pounded hundreds of tons of volcanic rock into the earth. It is said that over one

hundred thousand dollars were spent on the foundation alone.

The cornerstones were laid April 1, 1874 by President

Brigham Young and others. The walls of the building

are red sandstone, since painted white.

On January 1, 1877, the temple was partially dedicated. At this time Elder Wilford Woodruff became—Photo bij Willard Luce

president of the St. George Temple. The fortyseventh The St. George Temple

annual general conference of the Church was held in the temple, 6, April 1877. 7, and 8, entire structure The

dedicated President bywas of Daniel H. the First The Logan Temple Wells

Presidency during this conference.

Every foundation stone that is laid for a temple, and every

The Logan Temple temple completed according to the order the Lord has revealed for -Photo by ]. Fred Thunell his Holy Priesthood, lessens the power of Satan on earth, and

increases the power of God and godliness, moves the heavens in mighty power in our behalf, invokes and calls down upon us the blessings of Eternal Gods, and those who reside in their presence.

Elder George Q. Cannon of the Council of the Twelve

stated this truth at the laying of the cornerstones of the Logan Temple, September 17, 1877.

Although there are references uttered of a promised temple in Cache Valley being built as early as July 1857, it was in August 1863 that Elder Wilford Woodruff promised this temple to the children of Logan when "you become men and women."His finger pointed to the

east bench of Logan.

Elder Truman O. Angell, the architect of the Salt

Lake Temple, was also the architect for this building.

The site for the temple was designated by President

Brigham Young, and the place was dedicated by Orson

Pratt, May 17, 1877, at services conducted by President

Young.

Excavation was begun for this fivestory building of very dark gray siliceous limestone on May 28, 1877. The

cornerstones were laid on September 17, 1877, under the direction of President John Taylor. He dedicated the

building May 17, 1884.

A Logan Temple Association was organized after the temple was completed. A school was conducted for

worthy members of the Church, at the temple (reminiscent of the School of the Prophets at the Kirtland Temple) where various subjects from theology to science were taught.

NOVEMBER 1955 821 The Salt lake Temple

I want to see the temple built in a manner that it will endure through the Millennium. This is not the only temple we shall

build; there will be hundreds of them built and dedicated to the

Lord. This temple will be known as the first temple built in

the mountains by the Latterday Saints. And when the Millennium is over, and all the sons and daughters of Adam and Eve,

down to the last of their posterity, who come within the reach of the clemency of the gospel, have been redeemed in hundreds of temples through the administration of their children as proxies for them, I want that temple to stand as a proud monument of the faith, perseverance, and industry of the Saints of God in the mountains, in the nineteenth century.

President Brigham Young addressed his congregaSo tion on October 6, 1863.

The Salt Lake Temple site had been selected on

July 28, 1847 when President Young, while walking with his associates, placed a cane in the ground, saying: "Here

we will build the temple of our God."

At the October 1852 general conference it was unanimously decided that "we build a temple of the best materials that can be obtained in the mountains of North

America."Granite from Little Cottonwood Canyon was

therefore used.

Ground was broken for the Salt Lake Temple on

February 14, 1853; the laying of the cornerstones took

place April 6, 1853. Elder Truman O. Angell was the

—Photo by Josef Muench architect for the building. For forty years the Saints

The Manti Temple worked and prayed and worked again on building this house of the Lord.

President Wilford Woodruff dedicated the building

The Manti Temple Aprilthe weeks6, 1893.to follow.ManySeveraldedicatoryof theseservicesserviceswerewereheldheldin

just for Sunday School children and their teachers.

When we dedicated the temple at Manti, many of the brethren discernible only beings, of spiritual presence theand sisters saw to The Salt Lake Temple and Brigham, Prophets Hyrum, eye. Joseph,the inward The -Photo by Hal Rumel

various other apostles that have gone, were seen, and not only this, but the ears of many of the faithful were touched, and they heard the music of the heavenly choir.

This is the statement of the late Elder Franklin D.

Richards of the Council of the Twelve.

Ground was broken, and the temple site was dedicated April 25, 1877 by President Brigham Young. Early

that morning President Young had asked Warren S.

Snow to go with him to the temple hill. In the words of

Brother Snow: "We two were alone; President Young

took me to the spot where the temple was to stand; we

went to the southeast corner, and President Young said:

'Here is the spot where the Prophet Moroni stood and dedicated this piece of land for a temple site, and that is the reason why the location is made here, and we can't move it from this spot.'"

Two years of blasting and scraping were required to prepare the footings and foundation for the building.

Then, on April 14, 1879, the cornerstones were laid, and the work was begun on the walls, which were built of the creamcolored oolitic limestone which was taken from the quarry at the temple site.

The elevenyear-construction period would have broken the spirits of a less valiant group or a people inspired with a less lofty ideal.

But at last all was in readiness, and Elder Lorenzo

Snow of the Council of the Twelve offered the dedicatory prayer for the Manti Temple, May 21, 1888.

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Hawaiian Temple—Photo courtesy Castle H. Murphy

The Hawaiian Temple The Canadian Temple

This land, the land of Laie, was one of the cities of refuge in This land will yet become a breadbasket to the world; and in

olden times and now it is a city of refuge indeed, both to the this land a temple shall be reared to the worship of Almighty God.

spirit and body of man.... When President George Q. Cannon

visited here, fifty years after the gospel had been established, he told a people beset by the tribulations of pioneering a soon that the would time Honolulu, atus, both Laie and come Tonew area came this promise by one of their number, to the ordinances perform a house in which have wouldwhen we necessary for the salvation of the living and the dead. Elder John W. Taylor of the Council of the Twelve,

late in the nineteenth century.

These are the words of Elder Samuel E. Woolley at the President Joseph F. Smith dedicated the site for this

dedication of the Hawaiian Temple. He was then temple at Cardston, Alberta, on July 27, 1913. It was

completing almost a quarter century of presiding over the old tabernacle square, originally given to the Church the Saints of the Hawaii Mission, and had had much to by Elder Charles Ora Card who founded the settlement do with the construction of the temple to bless those in 1887. Elder David O. McKay of the Council of the

Polynesian brothers and sisters. Twelve laid the cornerstone on September 19, 1915.

President Joseph F. Smith, himself an early missionPresident Heber J. Grant dedicated the building August

ary to those islands, dedicated the site for this temple at 26, 1923.

Laie on June 1, 1915. The temple is built of a light gray granite from the

The temple, dedicated by President Heber J. Grant quarries of Nelson, British Columbia. A veritable fortress

on Thanksgiving Day, November 27, 1919, is on a of God in spiritual strength as well as physical appearmoderately high eminence commanding an unequaled ance, the Alberta Temple has a commanding view of the view of the Pacific. Canadian prairie in all directions from Cardston.

NOVEMBER 1955 823 The Arizona Temple

-Photo by Doyle L. Green

::.::::: '-?;::'v:.>'i::'-'

The Arizona Temple The Idaho Falls Temple

We beseech thee, O Lord, that thou wilt stay the hand of the Our whole philosophy is bound up in the erection of temdestroyer among the descendants of Lehi who reside in this land ples and the performance of the work therein—our preexistence,

... that all the great and glorious promises made concerning the our birth, our death, and our resurrection, and eternal progression

descendants of Lehi may be fulfilled in them:... thereafter.

of this because called the "Lamanite Temple"the conaddressed Jr. Reuben Clark, J.Often

offered the dedicatory prayer paragraph from the laid President O. David by ThusgregationPresidentbefore McKay

President Heber J. Grant, October 23, 1927, the cornerstone for the Idaho Falls Temple, October 19,

Arizona Temple stands at Mesa to bless the people. But 1940. At that time both were counselors to President

like any other temple, its doors are open to any member Heber J. Grant. In March 1937 the First Presidency

of the Church who has a recommend, regardless of anhad announced that a temple was planned somewhere cestry. in Idaho.

At the four corners of the temple, in the frieze porThis inspiring, onetowered white temple on the banks tion of the cornice, are sculptured panels depicting the of the majestic Snake River was dedicated September 23, gathering of Israel from all nations in this dispensation. 1945 by President George Albert Smith.

Idaho Falls Temple—Photo by Hal Rumel

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Los Andeles Temple Mural.urals

Copyright Trusteein-Trust 1955 by David O. McKay,

Saints. lesus ChristSCENES FROM THE CREATION ROOM for of the Church of Latterday

Artist, Harris Weberg Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

1 n the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.

And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep.

And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.

And God said, Let there be tight: and there was light.

And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.

(Ge 1:1-4.)

(Color photographs by Hal Rum THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Los Angeles Temple Murals

Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay Trusteein-Trust for the Church of jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

SCENES FROM THE GARDEN ROOM

Artist, Edward Grigware Los Angeles Temple Murals

Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of ]esus Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

SCENES FROM THE GARDEN ROOM

Artist, Edward Grigware Los Angeles Temple Murals

Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

SCENE FROM THE GARDEN ROOM

Artist, Edward Grigware Los Angeles Temple Murals

Copyright J955 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of }esus Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

SCENE FROM THE GARDEN ROOM

Artist, Edward Grigware

Los Angeles Temple Murals

Trusteein-Trust Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay,

SaintsJesus ChristSCENE FROM THE WORLD ROOM for the Church of Latterday of

Artist, Robert L. Shepherd Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

X herefore the Eord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground frirom whence he was taken.

So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cheruoims,

and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.

(Genesis 3:2324.)

Los Angeles Temple Murals

Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

SCENES FROM THE WORLD ROOM

Artist, Robert L. Shepherd

Los Angeles Temple Murals

Copyright 1955 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints'. Reproduction m full or in part expressly prohibited.

SCENES FROM THE GARDEN ROOM

Artist, Edward Origware 1. William Noble Wane 2. John M. Russon 3. Levern M. Hansen 4. Hugh C. Smith 5. Francis M. Zimmerman g. Howard W. Hunter 7, Austin Gudmundsen g Barry P. Knudson

NOVEMBER 1955 825 ANCIENT TEMPLES AND THEIR FUNCTIONS wereearliermuchtemples,morebutlavish.the appointmentsThe Holy of

(Continued from page 816) tian temples but spared the temple Holies was empty and was separated

B.C. The temple was probably beof Yahu. Much later, during the from the holy place by means of a

gun about the second year after absence of the Persian governor in veil. The reader is referred to

their return from captivity (537 B.C. 411 B.C., the enraged Egyptians, Josephus for a more detailed descrip-

?), but the Jews met difficulties, instigated by priests serving the ramtion of the great temple structure.

including much opposition from the headed Chnum, destroyed the Jewish The Book of Mormon makes clear

Samaritans, and discontinued buildtemple. We possess papyri which that the Nephites, another branch

ing. But in the second year of Darius indicate that the Jews immediately of Hebrew people, knew the uses of

the king (520 B.C.), the Lord gave petitioned Bagoas, the governor of temples and built a number of them

word to the Jews to finish the sacred Judea, the high priest Johanan, and upon this continent. Apparently the

structure. The whole prophecy of other Judeans to come to their asfirst temple was that constructed by

Haggai is in relation to this project. sistance. No answer was forthcomNephi after he and his followers had

The plan of Solomon's Temple was ing. In 408 B.C. the colony again separated themselves from their unfollowed in general, but due to the petitioned their Judean brethren, acrighteous brethren. It was built

poverty of the people, not on such a companying their letter with gifts. after the plan of Solomon's Temple,

lavish scale. Many of the vessels This time permission was granted to the details of which could be learned

used in the former temple were rerebuild the temple and to offer food from the brass plates. Here are

stored. (Ezra 1:7-11.) The Holy of and incense sacrifices. Until reNephi's words:

Holies was empty, for the Ark of cently it was considered doubtful

I build did I, Nephi, and temple; a Andthe Covenant disappeared when that the temple was actually rebuilt.

it after of the construct did the manner

Nebuchadnezzar's forces invaded PalNow the Brooklyn Aramaic Papyri, temple of Solomon save it were not built estine. edited by Dr. Emil G. Kraeling, indiof so many precious things; for they were

This temple, called after Zerubcate that it was. 2 not to be found upon the land, wherefore,

like built it could not be Solomon's unto Latterday Saints will be sufficientbabel, the sometimes and known as of the the construction But manner apprised of the spiritual in the ly Temple,Second was completed like the of unto temple condition wastemple. Solomon; and

sixth year of Darius, 515 B.C. (Ezra of these temple builders on Yeb when the workmanship thereof was exceeding fine.

3:8; 6:15.) they are informed that they not only (2 Nephi 5:16.)

Not too many years after the dediworshiped Yahu but other divinities cation of the Second Temple, the of Canaan, e.g., Ashimbethel, AnathIt is very unlikely that Nephi would

Jews grew worldly and unworthy of bethel, and Cherem. At Elephantine build a temple without an express

administering sacred rites therein. Anath was Yahu's consort under the revelation from the Lord authorizing

The book of Malachi (1:2; 2:17; name of AnathYahu. The spiritual it. Furthermore, all the ordinances

3:5-18) is the protest of a great condition of the Judean Jews who pertaining to the temple would have

prophet against the corruption and wrote the letter to Yeb may also be to be revealed. The Nephite kept

unworthiness of the people. We are deduced from these facts. the Law of Moses, but it does not

in no position to say how long the Zerubbabel's Temple was finally follow that ordinance work for the

Lord was willing to accept the ordisuperseded by that of Herod. We are living within the limits of the Aaronic

nances performed in this temple folindebted to the Jewish historian Priesthood only would be permitted lowing its dedication, but it cannot Josephus for rather full descriptions within the sacred structure. Nephi

have been many years. It would be of the sanctuary, 3 and also to the and his followers kept the law of the

interesting to know the details conMishnah. The older temple was not gospel, and it is probable that all of

cerning the administration of the taken down until much of the matethe ordinances for the living accordtemple following the disappearance rial for the new had been assembled. ing to the Melchizedek Priesthood

of prophets from Israel, a period of Work on the new temple began in would be performed. Nephi seems

about four hundred years. the eighteenth year of Herod's reign, to have had certain sealing powers

It is of interest to know that cer20-19 B. C. And the great comof the priesthood, as did another

tain groups of Jews built a temple plex of courts and buildings assoNephi mentioned in the Book of on the island of Yeb, later Elephanciated with Herod's Temple was not Helaman. (2 Nephi 33:15; Helaman

tine, on the Nile River. These Jews, completed until the procuratorship 10:7.) As long as prophets like these

originally mercenaries, spoke and of Aibinus, A.D- 6264. 4 The old were around, a full endowment could

wrote Aramaic. Papyri were found temple area was enlarged to twice be given the righteous; otherwise a

on the island which show that they its former dimensions. The temple limited endowment within the Aaronretained their own customs and enproper was constructed of great blocks ic Priesthood would probably be

joyed selfgovernment. In apparent of white stone; its interior had the administered.

disobedience to the law and to the length and breadth of Solomon's It is probable that Nephi's brother practice of other Jews of the disperTemple,, but its height was 40 cubits Jacob taught within this identical sion, they maintained a temple dedi- (60 feet), not counting an upper temple, but King Benjamin's sermon cated to Yahu. At this temple they chamber, instead of 30 cubits (45 must have been delivered in another

offered food, incense, and burnt offeet). The Temple of Herod was temple located in the land of Zaraferings. The papyri make reference divided into the Holy of Holies and hemla. (Mosiah 1:1, 18.)

also to the feasts of the Passover and the sanctuary or holy place as in the The people of Zeniff may well have of NephiUnleavened Bread. When Cambyses Biblical Archaeologist, Vol. XV, No. 3, p. 66. repaired the old temple

the Persian conquered Egypt in sAntiq. XV. 11; War V. 5. when they returned to the land of

525 B.C., he destroyed the EgypJohnjosephus,2:20. Antiq. XV. 15, 5 and 6; XX. 9, 7; Cf. their father's inheritance or may have

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA built a new one. (Mosiah 7:17.) Some

interesting questions arise as to the use of a temple by Zeniff's people.

Did they have proper authority to administer the ordinances therein or did they use it simply as a meeting visit our brand newplace? The question of proper authority arises especially during the

wicked reign of King Noah.

An interesting reference to an incidenttemple—wherethat tookorplacewhenin wea Nephiteare not

told—is related by Amulek:

I am Amulek; I am the son of Giddonah,

who was the son of Ishmael, who was a descendant of Aminadi; and it was the

writing interpreted thesame Aminadi who ski chalet temple, the wall of thewhich was upon finger of the written God.which was by

of Nephi, headquarters for all your skiing descendant a Aminadi was And who was the son of Lehi,... (Alma 10:2-

3.) We're skideep in the finest collection

When the risen, glorified Savior of skineeds ever! In one convenient

appeared to the Nephites for three center you'll find men's, women's and successive days, he did so "... round children's skis, boots, sweaters and

the the templeabout which was in ski togs galore, plus a complete line..."11:1.)land Bountiful; (3 Nephi

Before the resurrection of our Lord, of ski accessories—including topline

ordinance work for the dead could safety bindings (with complete not be carried out either in the temples in Palestine or on this continent. installations and repair service).

But after his resurrection, he fully exSee our grand new Ski Chalet right away!

plained such work to the Nephites.

This is shown by the fact that he ZQAl SPORTING GOODS—Street Floor/ M

quoted in full chapters 3 and 4 of

Malachi and "... expounded them

unto the multitude."(3 Nephi 24;

25; 26:1.) Thus the sealing powers

of Elijah as applied to ordinance work for the dead became known to the Nephites. We may presume that

such work was carried out in their temples during the period of their righteousness, for four generations.

Mormon was not permitted to quote the Savior's explanations of Malachi's references to Elijah because the keys of such knowledge in our dispensation were to come to Joseph Smith who would explain their proper functions.

Following the Savior's resurrection, ordinance work for the dead must have been carried on in sacred structures erected in the Mediterranean world. Paul's reference to baptism

for the dead in I Cor. 15:29 seems

proof of that fact. At any rate the

Corinthians seem to have had access to a temple acceptable for such work.

It was probably very small, and we have no information concerning it.

The same is true of any other similar structure erected by the early saints to the Lord during the first century

A.D.

NOVEMBER 1955 827 A TEMPLE IN THE SOUTH PACIFIC

(Continued from page 813) of the Salt Lake Temple, a similar the property. He did not know of story is being written in New Zealand.

the local denial. As he drove past the The unskilled native missionary volChurch construction, he was imunteers have been assisting with the

pressed by the college and by the college construction there. When

Church belief of developing the Maori work on the college commenced in to the highest standard. Genu1949, in that area there were no Worried about peopleinely pleased, to President he turned transportation permits available or

BANGING Mendenhallthis dictation:and"Receivedasked himpersonalto takeasconcrete.building materials—lumber,Today, with nothinggravel,butor

surance this day from the Minister a purpose for a beginning, a rock FENDERS? of Lands and Maori Affairs that the quarry has been acquired, and four

New Zealand Government will not thousand acres of timberland furnish oppose the acquisition of this propthe lumber which is cut and then erty."sawed in a mill now owned by the

The Spirit of the Lord had moved: Church. While serving the Lord,

The property was now owned by the men and boys have learned their

Church; the temple would arise from trades. Today they are "... working

the spot pronounced by a latterday in sawmills, in the rock crushers, in prophet as the place where the house the lime pits, in the cement plant, in of the Lord should be built. the planing mill, in the timber, and

The hill from which the temple some are laying brick. You have

will rise is 170 feet high and makes, never seen such a pioneer organizain President Mendenhall's opinion, tion in your life,..."* They have

Get the Extra Width "The most beautiful temple site in learned to use machinery and matethe Church."rials with such adeptness that they

of this Lifetime Members of the Church in New are prepared for the construction of

Steel Garage Door! ZealandSaints becauseindeed deserveof theirto ingenuousbe called thefirst temple.the kingdomThey haveof Godindeedand soughtother

The conventional spirit, childlike faith, and consecrathings are being added unto them.

garage door is 8'tion to the things of the Lord. Their When the construction is completed,

wide—and that size humility was once again evidenced they will be trained for specialized

fine for was the cars narrow of the the day the plans to build the temple occupations.

'20s. But today—were announced. The annual hui The temple was designed by

as cars with wide tau, conference, mission the all architect, Elder was Church O. Edward 6'as the extra clearneed 8"—you progress four with 9'thousand memance of Strand's Anderson, to in wide blueprints door and the were

protect against costly fender damage. bers call in attendance. telephone A mailed City, from Salt Lake Septemsteel stay will This popular door placed City so the new was from Salt Lake ber 1, 1955. After the plans are aplifetime for a get and permanently you

easy operation. No warping, swelling, announcement could be made on that proved by the New Zealand governare Strand doors sagging—ever. galoccasion. Returning to the conferment and after the dedication and vannealed (galvanized with a heavy

zinc coat for rust protection; oven ence with this humbling yet thrilling groundbreaking services are held, all

a baked clinging provide base for Biesinger message, telephone Elder will in be readiness for on the work paint). coat prime needed. toNo that the First Presidency deto It temple is expected commence. installed Based cost, is related Strand on

America's greatest garage door value. sired a temple to be built and that it that this edifice will be completed

first because proLow of huge cost—the be date completed two years from years. within two The construction duction. installation cost, Lowest beIt of to be ground breaking. was a special type will be of concrete cause of leaf onepiece door and

built, college, entirely as the factoryassembled was hardware. See will appearance outward brick. The

7'and 16'x labor. volunteer missionary 7'through recently the resemble Swiss dedicated dealer's. Stranddoors—9'at xyour7'andlumber8'x joy hearts in the of these The the floor peoTemple, be plan will and

ple was exceedingly great. All four similar.

thousand of them raised their hands The New Zealand Temple will and solemnly, with tears of joy in their serve a Church membership of over eyes, sustained proposal. the PerhapsSTRAND 40,000. Thirteen thousand are from

this will be the most hui remembered /lUSte&l Qalvattmaled and the rest from New Zealand, tau of New Zealand. Today the memTahitian, Tongan, and Samoan, GARAGE DOORS bers of the mission are supporting the

Australian missions. The Saints there two hundred labor missionaries. What have pledged their readiness and

in have, they they are giving Distributed by little willingness to give their money or their of vote at support sustaining eventful conference. MORRISONMERRILL that labor or both to this house of the Lord in the South Pacific.

(Concluded on page 830) & CO. LakeAs someValleyoflearnedthe pioneerstheir craftsin thewhileSalt

before delivered the address Hall *Frora Priesthood at General meetAssembly on Building Material Distributors working Tabernacle, in the held evening, April Saturday ing skills their building to the applying 1955. 2,

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PREPARING YOUTH FOR ABUNDANT LIVING AND ETERNAL LIFE

Highminded young men and women attracted -from all over the world integrate at the Church university the truths of.academic knowledge with inspired spiritual truth, learning

not only how to make a living but also how to livenow and

in eternity.

Brigham Young

UNIVERSITY

NOVEMBER 1955 829 A Temple in the South Pacific

(Concluded from page 828) THE AUTHORIZED KING JAMES VERSION

Last May, President Mendenhall

In a special new type face was set apart by the First PresiWith completely new helps pertainingdency to performparticularlya "specialto theserviceerecSuperbly illustrated tionNew andZealandcompletionand of ofthethetemplecollegethatin is to be erected."This service is also

to include the development of the farm lands, from which the college will receive financial eventually some l8tE support. President time, that Since J*v HOl> * iLr been appointed has Mendenhall SHELDON

chairman of the Church building committee, but the special New Zealand assignment stands.

While in New Zealand in January 1 955, President McKay assigned Elder

George Biesinger, who was supervisor of all Church construction in New

Zealand, the additional task of supervising construction of the temple.

With the construction of the college, the development of the farm lands, and the acquisition of the temple site, there are three to four hundred people visiting the grounds each

Sunday. This is proving to be the

"Temple Hill"mission of New Zealand, for there are forty native mis64-page Bible for study, Concise is one which Helps New great the gospel program, Church The sionary guides there to explain the is the features practically of of this in unique a book new edition, plan, their testimonies to leave and itself. Its contents are specially to prepared, designed wholly new, and

guide the reader through each Book of the Bible, showing him how written upon the hearts of the visitors.

they are related. They introduce both Testaments, select significant* In this sense, the people of New

verses, and provide stepby-step study guides. Included are a table of Zealand are flocking unto the hill of

dates, geographical notes, and an index with additional notes and the Lord.

pronunciations. In very deed, this temple in the

SHELDON, the new type face in which this edition is set, has been lightSouthuponPacifica hill,will andstandwithas thea beaconspirit expressly designed for the Bible. It makes a beautiful page, is easy to

read, yet its compactness enables the complete work to be printed in of the Saints there, others will be led only 896 pages—which bulk less than an inch on fine Bible paper! to the blessings and power to be

received therein.

9 And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat Micaiah, and carry him back to I king of Judah sat either of them on his governor of the city, and to Joash t throne, clothed in their robes, and they son;

sat in a void place at the entering in of the 26 And say, Thus saith the king, gate of Samaria; and all the prophets profellow in the prison, and feed 1

phesied before them. bread of affliction and with watei John D. Giles

In addition there are 15 fullpage gravure illustrations of hallowed (Continued from page 801) places and the activities of Holy Land people, 12 pages of colored maps noontime and asked his assistance in (except in the clothbound edition, which contains endpaper maps) and selling subscriptions to The Improve- a presentation page. With all these features, the Sheldon Bible is ment Era to the members in the

modestly priced. Eighteenth Ward. When Brother

to sell,"Brother Giles queried "how to first learn advised him Available in 3 styles—size 5Vs x 72"'Whitney

01320 Cloth, square corners, red edges, jacket. $3.00 the contents of the magazine by read01322 Imitation leather, limp, round corners, red edges. $4.00 ing it. This he did, and literally the

01323 French Morocco, half circuit, red under gold edges. $6.75 rest of John Giles'lifetime—a period

At your bookseller approaching a half century—was

wrapped up in the Era. He worked

(0XFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, INC., 114 Fifth Ave., New York 11 within theit Ensignin the EighteenthStake. As Warda memberand

J\i6tMer5 ofifarjhtfiorizedjtyJames JBt6te sthce 1&J5 heof thewasgenerala memberboardof ofthethecommitteeYMMIA, (Concluded on page 832) 830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ALTEC LANSING IS PROUD...

More and more of the country's finest buildings are choosing

Altec Lansing sound equipment for their public address and music systems. Altec Lansing's reputation for highest quality in every

phase of sound engineering calls for the selection of Altec The beautiful new Latter equipment when only the finest will do. Day Saints Temple in

West Los Angeles is another Every component going into an Altec Lansing public address system is of the Mormon Temples for produced to conform to the highest standards of quality and designerwhich Altec Lansing matched to other components in the system to achieve maximum fidelity. is proud to have supplied

Altec Lansing sound systems are available from qualified sound sound equipment.

engineering contractors throughout the country.

(%<|S A SOUND REPUTATION SECOND TO NONEI AITEELANSING CORPORATION

9356 Santa Monica Blvd., Beverly Hills, Calif.

161 Sixth Avenue, New York 13, New York

EXPORT: FRAZAR & HANSEN, LTD.

SS3fVV Sa<-.-mi Anij2wp Ala cjCi<V.

We express appreciation for the opportunity we have had of serving as the Air

Conditioning and Sheet Metal Contractors

of this inspiring edifice.

HODGE SHEET METAL PRODUCTS

201 East 58th Street Los Angeles 11, California

The Los Angeles Temple

A partial view of approximately 400,000 pounds of ductwork and miscellaneous sheet metal installed.

Glenn, Thomas, and Marlowe Hodge.

NOVEMBER 1955 831 John D. Giles

(Concluded from page 830) which, in 1929, saw the combining WORLD'S FINEST BASKETBALL of The Improvement Era with its \ sisterYoung organWoman'sof theJournal,YWMIA,to makeThea greater Era.

. iii**W(iW I') 1 l"'i|Hm His appointment as business manCAN'T COSTS ager of The Improvement Era was

announced September 1, 1944, and he PEEL NO held this position at the time of his

OR MORE death. Working in close association

GIVE THAN with three presidents of the Church,

Presidents Heber J. Grant, George

AT ORDIAlbert Smith, and David O. McKay,

THE NARY as well as with Elders John A. Widtsoe and Richard L. Evans of the

SEAMS BALLS Council of the Twelve, and other editors of the magazine, he has helped guide the destiny of the Era.

The life of John D. Giles was a fulfilment of the Book of Mormon prom-

. therefore, after that ye are SPECIALISTS IN ise: "..

old ye shall years two OUTFITTING seventy and COMPLETE >N IN ALL SPORTS OF TEAMS and in my kingdom; come unto me

SpcSGUujf.GapclM with me ye shall find rest."(3 Nephi

Bennett's, Ogden—Bennett's, Provo 28:3.)

Logan Hardware, Logan

Pocatello Co., Paint Glass Idaho & ISjeMMJtttS-. Eastside Paint Co., Idaho Falls Elder Giles was born August 1, E. City, to Henry in Salt Lake 1883,

Falls Paint Glass Twin & 65 W. First South—Salt Lake City Giles. Evans Catherine Hughes Co. and

He married Una Viola Pratt, a daughter of Parley P. Pratt, Jr., on June 20,

1906, in the Salt Lake Temple. That

Only LUMBERJACK SYRUP unionand a wasson: blessedMrs. Lucilewith Gardner,two daughtersMrs.

makes 'em taste so GOOD! DorothyGiles. TheyTopham,have thirteenand Parleygrandchil-P.

dren. Elder Giles passed away on

September 23, 1955, following an extended illness. Funeral services were

held in the Assembly Hall on Temple

Square, September 27. The services

were conducted by Bishop Earl L.

Maw of the South Eighteenth Ward where Brother Giles was serving as a ward teacher and as a member of the genealogical committee. Speakers at

the funeral included Elder Elbert R.

Curtis, general superintendent of the

YMMIA, Elder George Q. Morris of

dripping with the the Council of the Twelve, and PresiJr. rnello maple flavor dent J. Reuben Clark,

of LUMBERJACK—the syrup that High Adventure

makes breakfas taste better he said,(Continuednot unkindly.from page"Ye'll819)do well

to sign articles and ship as a boy before the mast. I'll pay ye seaman's

foods, Nalley's Enjoy yer that to give an'ye can too wages,

Beef Chips Stew these—Potatoother back. ye get Then mother when Dressing Salad Mayonnaise Tang

she'll be proud of her seafarin'son.

I was a boy like you once, an'I ran 832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA away to sea. I'm not sorry, either.

The sea is hard, but it's a good one.

But yer on my ship, an'ye'll stay on it for a long time, so ye better do what yer told."MARKS OF SERVICE

In the end Jed signed the ship's papers. There wasn't much he could

do else. If he wanted to eat, he had FARM BUREAU devoted to the

to be a member of the ship's crew, enrichment of rural living and

Captain Strong had said. the preservation of our Amer-

"Now,"said the captain as Jed ican heritage.

completed the laborious matter of putting his name to the paper, "Ye'll jump when spoken to, and ye'll salute when officers speak to ye. Step lively LEGAL RESERVE LIFE INSURnow an'report to the second mate."ANCE AT COST. A SERVICE

With misgivings Jed left the cabin EXTENDED TO EVERYBODY.

and went in search of the second Out of State by mail.

mate.

He found life quite, different from that he had lived ashore. There he

had been apprenticed at the age of nine. There within sight of the ships

which came and went every day, he AUTO, FIRE, FARM LIABILITY had learned the ways of fishmongers INSURANCE FOR FARM BUwith boys and the way of sailors on UTAH FARM BUREAU REAU MEMBERS. COMPLETEshore leave. At the age of fifteen he

INSURANCE COMPANY PROTECTION AT COST.could cut and slice and fillet with the

best of them. Every day the barrels

of fresh fish would be hauled through the door on small trucks into the mongers'shops, and each night would see the packed fillets of cod and haddock in boxes ready to be sent STATE FARM to the big hotel in town. FEDERATION

65 EAST 4TH SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Touring his long voyage across the Phone ELgin 9-8668 or EMpire 4-6509

Atlantic he had learned the hardness of their life aboard ship. He

often thought of the captain's statement that he would work or starve.

Jed thought most of the time that it Make Your Home A was work and starve. The food was // //musty, the water bad, the officers TEMPLE OF MUSIC

brutal. Jed determined to leave the With the Greatest Electric Organ—The

ship at the first opportunity. HAMMOND ORGAN

marvelous and inspirational The hurricane was that chance. Enjoy the same organ music in

The banging of the loose crates in the your home as you listen to in your stake tabernacle hurricane recalled him to the present. or ward chapel.

Washed into the port scuppers from Will any other organ equal or better the hatch to which he'd been clingthe average maintenance cost of less ing, he managed to get to the main than $3.00 per year established in

hatch doorway before the next wave L.D.S. Church installations?

buried the ship with its foaming Be Smart—make your selection of an

weight. He hung on between decks organ for the church or home only

until the storm abated, then hid in when you know all the facts pertain-—then your choice surely

the forehold until the rising water willing beto ait Hammond.forced him out in time to see the

captain's boat disappear over the Let us explain our Christmas "Lay Away"Plan Write or Call SELDON N. HEAPS

horizon to the south.

Jed was not a particularly brave GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

boy, but his life on the docks had OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO made him resourceful. His desire to 74 So. Main

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 833 High Adventure

(Continued from preceding page)

floating at some distance from the CONTINENTAL MARBLE & TILE CO. survive was strong. He spied a hatch

ship. He thought if I can make that

R. S. BALLANTYNE, Founder hatch I'll have a good raft to get

ashore. It was plainly visible in the

Established 1924 late afternoon light. Watching his

chance, he waited until a high sweU 4526 E. BANNER DRIVE reached the ship's bulwark. It carried him into the ocean. A hard

LONG BEACH 7, CALIF. swim of fifteen minutes brought him

to the hatch, and he pulled himself

P. O. BOX 7006, BIXBY STATION aboard. A broken piece of plankLONG BEACH 7, CALIF. ingand oncefloatedmorenear.aboardJedtheretrievedhatch beit

gan to paddle toward the distant breakers. The surf was heavy and

strong, and now the tide was coming

For 30 Years a Leader in All Types of in. In a surprisingly short time Jed

Marble and Tile Installations was in the thick of it. Then the

raft capsized, throwing him into the angry surf. Desperately he paddled

Commercial—Residential—Industrial to keep afloat to get breath—to live

He caught a glimpse of the sandy shore as a wave lifted him high. Then

suddenly a blinding flash and merciGArfield 7-3230 Telephones NEvada 6-4089 ful darkness came upon him.

{To be continued)

A TEACHER'S QUEST

By Mirla Greenwood Thayne

'That still small voice kept saying, 'Not PUTTING THE enough

Time is the fiber from which life is spun;

live it purposely every moment, Grasp when day is in u>%j! If would know content you YOU done."

And so I set about to find the quest

The three words that spell magic for That would assure my greatest happiness.

modern living in any home are these:

Do It Yourself. And in the InterTheI framedworlda seekslyric, beauty,an exultantso withsong,eager pen

mountain West, everybody's guide And as I sent it on its tuneful way for better DoIt-Yourself living is My heart knew happiness; but not for long,

HOME Magazine, The Salt Lake TriWith night's approach complacency had fled. bune's exclusive supplement. Sunday yet enough,"the voice within me said.

finds patterns Father plans... "Not and

Mother learns new sewing and home "I'll paint a picture; this my gift shall be,

decorating... Sister and Brother Earth's various moods interpreted by me."

I rare painted field and pigments With crafts in learn hobbies and HOME bough;

life Better every better Sunday. and contentment would Surely know my heart living starts in the home, and HOME now.

is the Magazine that reaches the heart And joy was sweet, but when the day was through of facet is another the home. HOME

small voice whispered, "Not enough Tribune's role That of The Salt Lake proud you."from as One day I took a small child by the hand.

The Tie That Binds the It seemed that God himself looked down

Intermountain West and smiled As prayerfully I sought to understand

Its needs, and lay my gifts before the child.

last, soul's in answer demanding, to my $ij alt ffiak? rihtm? AtI've that passeth the peace underfound

One of America's Great Newspapers standing.

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s

The Apocalyptic Background

(Continued from page 817) inbrief diversion into one of those little If LOWCOST parables for which we have always 11111 had a weakness.

Imagine, then, a successful businessman who, responding to some LUXURY.p,:

slight but persistent physical discomfort and the urging of an importunate wife, pays a visit to a friend of his a doctor. Since the man has always 111 cemcruiserl

considered himself a fairly healthy specimen, it is with an unquiet mind that he descends the steps of the clinic with the assurance, gained after long hours of searching examination, that he has about three weeks to live.

In the days that follow, this man's thinking undergoes a change, not a slow and subtle change—there is no

time for that—but a quick and brutal

reorientation. By the time he has

reached home on that fateful afternoon, the first shock of the news has Enjoy velvetsmooth worn off, and he is already beginning Air Suspension Ride.

to see things with strange eyes. As AirConditioning

he locks the garage door, his long Modern Contour Seats!ambition to own a Cadillac suddenly

seems unspeakable puerile to him, Enjoy lowcost luxury...

utterly unworthy of a rational, let the most dramatic sightseeing. striking advancesalone an immortal being. This leads ever developed

in comfort.unique "inside extras"realization, shocking to thehim Level Observation in New mmRaised follow, that one can thatthe hours this unusual ObservaFrom

be rich and successful in this world tion deck, you get 4-way sightwith a perfectly barren mind. With seeing thru huge glareproof

shame and alarm he discovers that picture windows.

he has been making a religion of his TYPICAL LOW FARES career. In a flash of insight he recogFROM SALT LAKE CITY TO:

nizes the truth of the old Greek docLOS ANGELES $14..75

are twotrine seeming that and being his NEW YORK $43..65 things, different on andwholly

knees discovers that only his Heavenly CHICAGO $28..65

Father knows him as he is. Abruptly 7.90

he ceases to care particularly whether PORTLAND $18..70 Complete Washroom!

anybody thinks he is a good, able, PLUS TAX With wash basin, smart, likable fellow or not; after all, See your local Greyhound Agent or running water, mirror,he is not trying to sell anyone anywrite Greyhound, 107 West South toilet—in sparkling

thing any more. Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah. stainless steel!

Things that once filled him with awe seem strangely trivial, and things which a few days before did not even exist for him now fill his consciousness. For the first time he discovers We are sincerely proud to have BENJAMIN MOORE CO. PAINTS

the almost celestial beauty of the participated in the building of this world of nature, not viewed through beautiful edifice. furnished by

the glass of cameras and car windows, he element the very in which but at FRANDSEUPS JLeonara before colors spring lives; shapes and

his senses with a vividness and drama INTERIORS Paints & Wallpaper of which he never dreamed. L. L. FRANDSEN

The perfection of children comes to 4704 W. Washington Blvd. LEONARD HOLMSTROM

him like a sudden revelation, and he Los Angeles 16, California (Member Lacienega Ward) is appalled by the monstrous perverWEbster 3-5946 Ph. WEbster 4-1169122 S. LaBrea Ave.

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 835..

The Apocalyptic Background

(Continued from preceding page) sion that would debauch their minds, overstimulate their appetites, and destroy their sensibilities in unscrupulous plans of sales promotion. Everywhere he looks he gets the feeling

that all is passing away—not just

relatively because he is saying goodby to a world he has never seen before, but really and truly: he sees all

life and stuff about him involved in a huge ceaseless combustion, a literal and apparent process of oxidation which is turning some things slowly, some rapidly, but all things surely to ashes. He wishes he had studied more

and pays a farewell visit to some friends at he university where he is quick to discover, with his newpowers of discernment, that their professional posturing and intellectual busywork is no road to discovery but only an alley of escape from responsibility and criticism uA.L/L)vVUN...brings greater scope to Electronic Organs

As days pass, days during which

Baldwin superiority in the electronic organ of all organs to play. A fufl range of models that slight but ceaseless physical disbrings the rich heritage and spiritual atmosallows you to select a Baldwin best suited comfort allows our moribund hero

in phere finest the of traditional to music needs. your individual in organ For most no momentary lapse into his old ways, within the reach church. quality, every of is For value, Baldwin performance and

Baldwin excels in both range and fidelity your logical choice. he is visited ever more frequently by

of true organ tone. Standard controls and Contact your Baldwin dealer or write for memories, memories of astonishing

responsive action make the Baldwin easiest specific information. clarity and vividness—mostly from

his childhood, and he finds himself will purchase Baldwin your finance Baldwin Organ or Piano. ofany Ask at the same time slipping ever more dealer service. write this manufacturercustomer or your for details of

easily into speculations, equally vivid,

Baldwin builds a complete line of pianos for church and educational needs, on the world to come and the future of this world. The limits of time bePIANO THE BALDWIN COMPANY gin to melt and fuse until everything Division Organ

Cincinnati 2, Ohio seems present but the present. In a

word, his thinking has become esPlease send full informaTheBaldwin Piano Company, Organ Div. Dept. IE115 chatological.

tion on the following: 1801 Gilbert Ave., Cincinnati 2, Ohio "What has happened to our solid

Church Organs citizen?"his friends ask perplexed.

Home Organs Name. He has chosen to keep his disease a

Pianos Address. secret; it would be even more morbid,

Finance Plan City..... Zone.State. he decides, to parade his condition.

But he cannot conceal his change of heart. As far as his old associates

can see, the poor man has left the world of reality. Parties and golf no

During construction of the LOS ANGELES TEMPLE longer amuse him; TV and movies disgust him. He takes to reading

two famous products books, of all things—even the Bible!

When they engage him in conversa- "TROUBLE SAVER"tion, he makes very disturbing reSCAFFOLDS "GOLD MEDAL"marks, sometimes sounding quite cynical, as if he didn't really care;

were used for greater SAFETY for example, whether peppermint was

EFFICIENCY selling better than wintergreen or

ECONOMY whether the big sales campaign went

THE PATENT SCAFFOLDING CO., INC. over the top by October. He even

6931 Stanford Ave., Los Angeles becomes careless of his appearance,

Offices in all principal cities as if he didn't know that the key to success is to make a good impression 836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on people. As time passes, these

alarming symptoms become ever more pronounced; his sales record drops off

sharply; those who know what is

good for their future begin to avoid There'll be deep diggin's info this being seen with him—like Lehi of

old, he is hurting business, and dark hints of subversion are not far in the.offing. What is wrong with the ffrm7feat/te

man?

As we said, his thinking has become eschatological. He lives in a timeless,spaceless world in which Jack Benny nackMix

and the World Series simply do not exist. His values are all those of

eternity, looking to the "latter end"not only of his own existence but of everything and everybody around him. As he hears the news or walks

the streets, he sees, in the words of

Joseph Smith, "destruction writ large on everything we behold."He is no

longer interested in "the things of the world."The ready -smiling, easily adjustable, anxiousto-getahead,

e a g e r-tobe-accepted, h a r d-working conformist, who for so many years was such a tangible asset to Nulb,

Incorporated, has ceased to exist.

Now the question arises, has this man been jerked out of reality or into it? Has he cut himself off from

the real world or has cruel necessity forced him to look in the face what he was running away from before?

Is he in a dream now or has he just awakened from one? Has he become an irresponsible child or has

the i-hhe suddenly Is he grown up?

orvictim imaginings he.. made with -Here's how you make of vain has

taken the measure of "Vanity Fair"? WHITE STAR TUNA TREASURE

Some will answer one way, some SNACKMIX arouseanother. But if you want to

(6'/2- Tentkt 1 can or 7-oz.) White Star try just sermons, to wrathfulhim

Brand Tuna telling the man that it makes no 72 cup mayonnaise difference which of these worlds one I/2 cup coarsely chopped salted lives in—that they are equally real peanuts

to the people who live in them. "I '/4 cup diced celery

have seen both,"he will cry. "Don't 2 tablespoons diced pimiento

try to tell me that the silly escapist Lemon juice to taste world of busywork, mercenary backMix ingredients. Use as sandwich

slaps, phoney slogans, and maniacal filling, or serve with crackers or po- 'careers'has anything real about it tatoMakeschipsaboutas 2a cups."dunk"or spread.

I know it's a fake, and so do you!"

It will be noted that this eschatological state of mind does not bear the mark of just one school of thought:

once it gets in the blood, all the aspects and concepts of eschatalogical thinking enter with it. Our businessman, for example, begins to wonder Lcokfbr -the Blonde MetMM

about certain possibilities: What on the label for America's Greatest Names in Sea Food,

about the hereafter? Will he ever and in the Pirate Ship Restaurant at Disneyland.

really see the face of the Lord? Is CHICKEN OF THE SEA, INCORPORATED, a Division of

(Continued on following page) Van Camp Sea Food Company, Inc., Terminal Island, California

NOVEMBER 1955 837 THE APOCALYPTIC BACKGROUND (Continued from preceding page) D Division of Nulb, Incorporated,

IT'S EASY TO COOK there going to be a judgment? He albut, for better or for worse, with all

in the universe; he beWITH AN most panics at the thought which that happens has never bothered him before belongs to history and it to him—"the

ELECTRIC RANGE cause he has been successful. He solemn temples, the great globe itbecomes preoccupied with history and self"are as much his concern as any

prophecy, aware for the first time that man's. These ideas that come to him

his whole life is linked not only with (Continued on page 840)

ELECTRIC COOKING costs the naeci5ion average family Richard L. Evans

only about all his with of Hamlet the plight A s upon we look back 9C a day -*- to be most the things for which he was problems, one of pitied was his inability to make up his mind. But Hamlet

wasn't the only one who has hung between "to be or not to be."Even in the lesser things of life, most of us wrestle

with ourselves in the agony of indecision. We wonder

whether to go or whether to stay; whether to buy this or to

buy that; whether to accept this proposal or another one;

whether to take this job or some other; whether to go back

to school and finish what we started, or to postpone our

Be Modern preparation, or to give it all up. Sometimes decisions are

made by default; that is to say, sometimes we simply sit

Live Electrically and wait and worry until time takes the choice out of our

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. hands. That's one way of deciding—simply deciding not to

decide. But if we do this too often, we live our lives in the

agony of indecision. All of us have to make choices every

day, every hour, sometimes it seems almost every instant some serious and some superficial. And if all of the right

factors are on one side and all of the wrong. factors are on

the other, deciding should be a very simple matter. In

matters of principle or morals or ethics or honesty there is really one choice—or should be. But in other matters,

sometimes it isn't so simple. Often there are things to be

said on both sides of a decision. Often we have to weigh

one side against the other and give up something either way ancl these are difficult decisions. But we need to decide—because hanging between two alternatives does much

to waste time and nullify effectiveness. When we seem to

hang in uncertainty, there are some things that may help to settle us: One is a set of sound principles. We all urgently need a sound set of principles by which to measure

everything. We need to know the rules, the laws, the comSamsonite wemandments.can trust toAnothertalk to.thingAndwebeyondoften ouralso ownneed wisdomis someoneand

folding chairs are the wisdom of others we need faith—and a prayerful apstrongest... last longest! proach to all our problems. Some things we have to decide

best to decide to do very and our done have we and after furniture folding Samsonite to expect reason to have some right is best do, we and is what wonderfully comsmart, sturdy, fortable. It lasts longest, saves the peace that comes with settled assurance. God grant that

years! the Most over money groupwe may have the wisdom and the faith to save ourselves Samsonite! insist experts on seating

, \t- from wasting life away in the agony of indecision.*

Shwayder Bros. Public Seating Division,

Dept. 17, Detroit 29, Michigan

Send Information Have Representative Call fj Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Name PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Organization SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 4, 1955

Address Copyright, 1955 City Zone State J *Revised.

Also Makers of Samsonite luggage. Cord Tables and Chair-s

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

She deserves honeykissed NABISCOGRAHAMS!

A UAIJCY

—they're Nature's best! GRAHAMS

Wholesome graham flour—pure

country honey (the finest nature has to offer) go into these nourishing, delicious grahams. Then special

Nabisco baking makes them goldenbrown and tendercrisp. Give your NOW

children the best you can buy—EACH CRACKER

Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams. 2 LBS. BREAKS INTO

Good as all outdoors NETWT. PERFECT

SIZE FOR KEPT FRESH IN EASY EATING NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY 6 INER-SEAL WAX PACKETS

NOVEMBER 1955 839 PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET The Apocalyptic Background

Dripless—Ciean—Sanitary—Beautiful—Sturdy {Continued from page 838)

No Finger Marks—No Water Stains—No Tarnish are all essential parts of the same

picture in which one can descry inextricably joined and intermingled apocalyptic, prophecy, millennialism,

Messiahism, history, and theology all belong to the same eschatology.

But where is myth, the thing that the scholars tell us is "the very essence of eschatology"? 10 That is

there, too, but you will find it only in the minds of his friends and associates: they, wideawake and practical people, know perfectly well that

is suffering delusionsthe man from

Set consists pieces, of 2 a bread tray, and water in beautiful appearing milk they that the things know have which plastic. white Large sturdy crystal handles, that fold for storage, down but automatically lock into place when being used. become so real to him are all just

imagination. anyone To who does The tray consists water pieces: tray, of two a flat that can be used as

it, a water not experience filler, in the eschatological which turn locks into tray, a deep that absolutely catches dripping ANY water, and is also a receptacle for used cups, which drop down out of sight. view of things is pure myth—an inORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY vention of an overwrought mind

SETS AVAILABLE AT PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S OFFICE desperately determined to support its

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH own premises. Only what they fail

or to consider is that those who have

Order Direct From had both views of the world interpret

THE PLASTIC COMPANY things just the other way around: it

3575 W. Manchester Blvd. is after all eschatology that looks hard

Inglewood 4, California reality in the face; lazy and timid people take refuge in the busywork of

everyday; only strong and disciplined

minds are willing to see things as they are, and even they must be forced to it! No wonder the scholars

have agreed that whatever else esFlump chatology is, it is not real! and

To conclude our parable, what happens to our man of affairs? A IHeaty second series of tests at the hospital

shows that his case was not quite what they thought it was—he may

BRAND live for many years. Yet he takes

the news strangely, for instead of (RjtuAjLnA* celebratingfight as anyat normala night healthyclub or apersonprize should, this creature will continue his difficult ways. "This,"he says,

ad qjoojcL! execution."is no pardon.Soon Itenoughis but ita isstaygoingof

to happen. The situation is not

Luscious Plump raisins and Meaty to you as fresh ascome they really changed at all."So he bethe day

were packed—twicesealed in Flavocomes religious, a hopeless case, an

or bags.tite cartons stay fresh They eschatological zealot, a Puritan, a

hold their naturaland goodness and taste. Try them today! monk, a John Bunyan, a primitive

Christian, an Essene, a Latterday

Saint. In every age such people with

their annoying eschatological beliefs have disturbed the placid ("perfectlySAVE! Buy the economical two and four

pound bags, twicesealed in Flavo - tite adjusted") waters of the slough of

They keep! custom and paid dearly for their $0*

folly.

VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA And that leads us to the eschato840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA logical dilemma which confronts the

Christian world today.

(To be continued) BIBLIOGRAPHY xPaul Althaus, "Heilsgeschichte und Eschatologie,"Zeitschr. f. systemat. Theologie II

(1924), 605.

2H. Gressmann, Der Ursprung der israelitisch-judischen Eschatologie (Gottingen,

Heft 6 of Forsch. zur Rel. u. Lit. des A. u. N.

Testaments, 1905), p. 1.

3Loc. cit., and R. Arconada, "La Escatologia Mesianica,"etc. in Blblica XVII

(1936), 204ff.

4Arconada, op. cit., pp. 210214.

J. Lindblom, "Gibt es eine Eschatologie

bei den attest. Propheten?"in Studia Theologica VI, Fasc. ii (1952), 113.

S. B. Frost, "Eschatology and Myth,"

Vetus Testamentum II (1952), 70.

7H. Gressmann, Eschatologie (Gottingen,

1905), p. 152.

KS. B. Frost, op. cit., p. 80.

!'R. P. Lagrange, Messianisme chez les ]uifs

(Paris, 1909), pp. 5859.

10Gressmann, op. cit., p. 152 "Das Mythische... ist das Wesentliche an der Eschatologie."

With the President in Europe

(Continued from page 800) Bennett, Elder Robert F. Bennett,

branch president of the Edinburgh district, took charge of the street meeting held by the missionaries. They gave such outstanding talks that they The Rage For Builtins

drew by far the largest crowd of any group assembled. Joe Govean runs a famous restaurant in Santa Barbara, Cali-

A short sightseeing trip permitted fornia; and he knew just what he wanted when he designed a

us to visit Edinburgh Castle, Sir

Walter Scott's monument on Princess kitchen for his home. Two ovens, with USS Stainless Steel doors

Street, the birthplace of John Knox, and trim, are built into the kitchen wall. The Stainless Steel will

the porch of the house from which he not chip or peel because the surface goes all the way through.

preached his sermons against the wishes of Mary, Queen of Scots. We

also saw the St. Giles Cathedral

where John Knox preached.

That evening President McKay was speaker at the meeting of the

Church members in the Glasgow DisSTEEL trict. UNITED STATES

The next morning at 7 o'clock we missed left for London, England. We

meet missionaries us, fau 0u/i T&mfiJe "f4ew f/nin 0tetmi the who were to and took a terminal bus from the airfield to the hotel, which is situated just across the street from Hyde Park.

Later, we walked over to the park to see whether the elders were holding a street meeting. Unfortunately they

were not, so we walked around and listened to other preachers who were Rooms for parties and meetings speaking to the groups gathered around them. The right of free Good Food

speech prevails in England. We were Reasonable Prices

intensely interested in what we saw A Treat For and heard. All The Family

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 SAVE WHERE (Continued from precedingWITH THEpage) PRESIDENTwith wonderIN EUROPEand appreciation of the YOU CAN DO ALL It was hard to realize that we were important part it had played in hisTOUR BANKING walking in Hyde Park with the Presitory. Our thoughts also turned with

dent of the Church. Little did these deep appreciation to our forebears

like that People money in the feeling a preachers and people know that a who had joined the church and sufbank systematic savings acprophet of God was in their midst! fered persecution and hardships.

count gives also like the. complete.. they London is a fabulous city, and as On August 27, 1955, President

ONE STOP banking we walked its streets we were filled McKay and his party proceeded to service that meets every financial need.

Jke <=JLon% Richard L. Evans

Member There seems to be little evidence that the Creator of the

Federal -1- universe was ever in a hurry. Everywhere on this

Reserve System bounteous and beautiful earth, and out into the farthest reaches of the firmament, there is evidence of patient purMember pose and planning and working and waiting. This is a FIDC

point to remember when we become too impatient with our own problems or with the many unanswered questions that are in the minds of most of us. And when our troubles

be well might to take time for the inlook—out into UTAH SAVINGS finitetrouble us too much, when our lives become too tense, it vastness and of the awesome "worlds"a longuniverse—across and Trust Co. that can't be counted—in sight of "suns"that can't be numStreet South 235 Main can't that space be the contemplated mortal by bered—into

City, Salt Lake Utah ". or mind of man. any seen.. and any who hath man

v.. the least of these hath seen God moving in his majesty and

power."1 Everywhere there is evidence of long, unhurried

plan and pattern and purpose, of intelligence and continuous creation, of the in all and makes one ask Creator—which

is earnestness: art mindful man, that thou "What of him?"

He must be important in the infinite plan and purpose or he wouldn't have the intelligence and the opportunities he has.

is that so he the And Lord much God made important—so

in "his limitless set before has and man him own image"3 We Are Happy and everlasting possibilities. And yet the most penetrating

to have had a part mind among us has profound reason to feel small and humble and repentant, for with all our brilliance and accomplishin the construction of the ment (and sometimes stupidity) we are only children on the shore of an eternal sea. With all we know, or think we

Los Angeles Temple know, there is infinitely much that we must leave to time including some of our troubles and some of our sorrows and some of our unsatisfied questions. And a long look at the

endless, orderly plan and purpose of the Father of us all may make some of the petty and passing things appear not so important as they sometimes seem. And when we find

ourselves in conflict and confusion, we can well learn to wait a while for all the evidence and all the answers that

WALLACE F. HAMMER nowworld,evadefor truth,us. Thankfor "infinity,"God foranda gloriousfor "eternity"and interestingin which

Lawn Sprinkler Systems to find it—and for faith and assurance of the limitless and

everlasting future.*

2265 22nd Street Santa Monica, California Jhe ipoteen WoJ"word from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 28, 1955 Copyright, 1955

*Revised. 3-D & C 88:47.

2Psalm 8:4.

3Genesis 1:27.

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Newchapel to attend groundbreak- ing services for the London Temple.

We rode for twenty - four miles through beautiful stretches of England's countryside. President McKay adds to the

was interested and thrilled with the harvested crops in the verdant fields.

There was probably awakened justa tinge of longing for his farm in 'ewrne

Huntsville, the place he loves so well.

As Newchapel burst upon our view, of any Religions Service we were entranced with the beauty of the place. The sloping green A Wurlitzer Church Organ offers rich, liturgical

lawns, the stately old trees, beautitone—a reverent and moving contribution to

ful flowers and shrubbery, make an the Divine Service.

ideal setting for the London Temple, It places at the command of any the first to be built in Great Britain. organist an infinite range of

Groundbreaking services were held traditional organ voices. Trans-

a short distance from where the temmitted by Wurlitzer's High Fidelple will be built. Official guests at ity Sound System, the result is

the services were President and Sister glorious organ music... truly

McKay, Sir Thomas Bennett, superMusic's Richest Voice.

vising architect for the temple, and

Lady Bennett, Elder and Sister Richard L. Evans, Elder and Sister Edward

O. Anderson, and the President's FREE

party. Church Organ

Although there was a light rain Fund Raising during the services, the clouds disKit pelled, and the program continued without interference. Music by the

Tabernacle Choir was featured, and TraditionalTwoManualModel.I TheDept.Rudolph1511, WurlitzerNorth Tonawanda,CompanyN.Y.

addresses were given by President SelfContained Speaker Please send me Fund Raising Kit plus

Reiser, Sir Thomas Bennett, Edward and Remote Tone Cabinet information on Wurlitzer Organs.

O. Anderson, with President McKay

the concluding speaker. WuRLlTzERl Name.

Immediately following his remarks AJd""- thePresident toward moved McKay Organs \

J City.County State: is to the be temple spot on which

erected, took the shovel, and turned the first shovelful of earth. He pronounced his benediction and blessing

upon the spot for the erection of the temple.

An historic event had taken place, and our hearts were full of gratitude for the presence of our Prophet and for those former missionaries and leaders of the Church who had introduced the gospel in England.

On Sunday, August 28, a sacred service was held in Royal Albert Hall,

London. Members of the Church in

London, officials and members of the

Choir, and the President's party were in attendance. The historic auditorium is magnificent; tiers of boxes encircle the entire hall; beautiful decorations are on the walls and ceilings;

in the center of the main hall stands a round enclosure forming a lily pond with beautiful flowers and shrubbery. On August 30, the choir

sang in this elegant hall and received (Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 843 With the President in Europe

(Continued from preceding page)

Only enthusiastic"Come, Come,applause,Ye Saints,"especiallyand "Oh,for my Father."

President 29, August Monday, Sister took President McGives You All These ReiserOn and

Kay and their party to see Stoke Poges

Church, built in 1086 by the NorPlus Values mans. In this church the forebears

of William Penn of Pennsylvania

In Steel Folding Chairs fame are buried. Inside the churchyard is the grave of Thomas Gray,

MORE Strength and Safety author of "Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard."As we rode along

MORE Comfort and Beauty the beautiful countryside of England,

President McKay read Gray's "Elegy"

MORE Exclusive Features to us, and it was a great privilege to have him read those beautiful lines

MORE Economy to us, and to stand beside Gray's grave and pay tribute to this great

MORE Versatility poet.

of the old plaque door on the On a for full Write information!

is following, the acwritten Clarin'Mfg. Co., Dept. 65, church

4640 W. Harrison St., credited to Lady Julian of Norwich,

Chicago 44, Illinois "Our courteous Lord willeth that we should be as homely with him as heart may think or soul desire. But

ENGINEERED QUALITY MAKES THE BIG DIFFERENCE IN FOLDING CHAIRS let us beware that we take not this homeliness so recklessly as to leave reverence and courtesy."This statement might well be used in some of

our chapels at home.

On Sunday, September 4, President

McKay presided at dedicatory services of the French Mission headquarters.

L President McKay's addresses will long

Ssswwswrmis be remembered by old and young "the Book Schoolalike inhe thattold, mission.in his inimitableIn Sundayway,

everyone will the"Therefollowingwerestory:once two little boys

one who had riches and all the matecherish forever rial things of life, and the other whose parents were poor and who

KING JAMES (AUTHORIZED) VERSION was denied the luxuries enjoyed by his friend. Because of this he became envious of the boy who had

.-* everything, so he thought, and he

>**m& forgot his real blessings: health, vigor

of body and mind, eyesight, hearing, and most of all loving parents and a good home. One day he heard the

story of Helen Keller. (President

McKay told the story of the struggle of Miss Keller and her ultimate success.) The young lad never forgot

the story, and he decided that he had more by far than his rich friend, and that he would never be ungrateful again."Give a Rational Bible After leaving Paris we rode through

delightful Valley AlsaceLorraine the sold at leading Bible stores everywhere J ferBern. Rich and our on way to

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tile, this valley abounds in vegetable gardens, hayfields, and luxurious growth of all kinds. The valley also

is noted for its rich coal mines. We

could well understand why both

France and Germany have been desirous of owning AlsaceLorraine.

Our party arrived in Bern, September 7, and received a glorious welcome at the railroad station by the brethren and sisters from home who had preceded us and by the mission presidents.

September 8. Though it is President

McKay's birthday, he carried on the duties that were crowding upon him.

Early in the morning Brother Edward O. Anderson called for the

President to take him to the temple for an inspection of the building prior to its dedication. The President was

pleased to find everything in readiness, although three weeks before, ithad looked impossible to complete. mmwM

During the day the President received cablegrams from all over theworld extending birthday greetings. 'm*mymm

Flowers filled his room. In the

evening a dinner party was given in - *tT ygff his honor at which the following guests were in attendance: Sister The Mormon Temple in Los Angeles, pointing its loftyHenry D. Moyle (Elder Moyle was

fulfilling an assignment given to him spires into the sky, stands as a symbol of the dignity, by President McKay), Richard Moyle, beauty and durability of the Mormon Faith, Every facet of

President and Sister Samuel E. Bringthis magnificent building reflects the spirit of the people

hurst, President and Sister William F. who worship here.

Perschon, their granddaughter, Elder We are pleased that Joanna Vinylized Wall Fabric was and Sister Gordon B. Hinckley, Dr. chosen to decorate such an important building. Covering

and Sister Edward R. McKay, and

Clare Middlemiss. the interior walls Joanna Wall Fabric lends its own dignity,

Elder Hinckley toasted the Presibeauty, and durability to the Temple's enduring splendors.

dent: "It is a great span and a most

eventful one from 1873 to 1955. It Joanna Western Mills Co.

is a marvelous evolution from a boyCHICAGO, ILLINOIS hood in Huntsville to a citizen at Manufacturers of Joanna Vinylized Wall Fabric in every city in great the world.home Corporation DunnEdwards

It is a step remarkable most from LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA ignorance of Mormonism as it was Western Distributors recorded in the nineteenth century to an honored place among great men everywhere you go. Tonight we pay

tribute and honor to you—a man Lindsay Air Compressors

loved by his people, a man respected by the world, a man honored by the Phillips Expansion Shells

Lord. To you we drink a toast, and

say God bless and keep you with us."

President McKay responded: "All MARTIN SUPPLY CO.

such occasions, all such tributes, tend

Contractors Equipment BUY YOUR FROMto increase one's sense of responsibility. Every occasion which calls 2106 So. San Pedro Street

forth commendation, merited or unLos Angeles 11, Californiamerited, makes me feel more deRichmond 7-1132 ooptesj pendent upon two great sources of PLYMOUTH Richmond 7-9854 DODGE strength: (1) our Heavenly Father, 1000 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

(Continued on following page) "Utah's Largest DodgePlymouth Dealer"

NOVEMBER 1955 845 x With the President in Europe (Continued from preceding page) Get Ready Now without whose aid nothing in this

Church could be accomplished, and (2) the strength, confidence, and for Cold Weather love of my associates. If we have

*%,.. these two, nothing can daunt us.

Difficulties can be overcome. Tonight you have just added an assurance that I have the love of my loved

ones and the love of my associates."

This is a birthday I shall remember, with others, as one of the most outstanding and impressive of my life.

God bless you all."

It was an impressive evening and wonderful to be celebrating the President's birthday in this beautiful land of Switzerland.

On Sunday, September 11, the eventful day arrived—the dedication

of the Swiss Temple at Bern, the first temple to be erected in Europe!

Although it had rained steadily the day before, the rain ceased for this hallowed day.

Elder Edward O. Anderson drove

the President and his party to the temple, which is four and a half miles Have Your Car WINTERIZED from the city of Bern. As the temple

came into view, our hearts were filled At Any UTOCO Station with emotion. The temple and the

surrounding lawn and flowers were

There's a heap of knowhow glorious. Many members and missionbehind the service of aries had gathered on the walks, and

outside the grounds the townspeople your UTOCO man had assembled.

As President and Sister McKay enwirith the building, m tered the missionaries For happiest motoring, formed a pathway for them, standing stop at UTOCO stations in reverent silence. The services were—clean rest rooms held in the celestial room, a modestly

—finest, friendly service decorated room, but in excellent taste.

—highest quality motor oil A feeling of peace and tranquility

—specialized lubrication filled the room. The choir members

were seated in a circle around this room, and in the main assembly

President room. presided and McKay You expect more from UTOCO and you get it! meeting. the conducted anHe

16mm Films Installation of nouncedthe sacredthe edificefirst hymnwouldto bebesung"Thein every for Ward group Curbs, Gutters, Streets Morning Breaks, the Shadows Flee."IN FEATURES TECHNICOLOR

William of the F. Perschon To Song Remember and President Ten Tall Men SwissAustrian inMission offered the of Rogues Sherwood Forest 9

Disney's Valley Beaver Retaining Walls of the vocation, after which the choir sang, Disney's Nature's Half Acre

Disney's Seal Island LOS ANGELES TEMPLE "Holiness Becomes the House of the

Technicolor Cartoons Disney's studios, 22 from many from Coby Lord."(See page 795 for President

lumbia including Mr. Magoo, Academy McKay's opening remarks.)

Award winner Gerald McBoing Boing, and

Madeline. Addresses were given by President

Reasonable Rental on these and BURGESSWHITEHEAD & CO. Samuel E. Bringhurst, Elder Ezra Taft

hundreds of others CONTRACTORS Benson, following which President 2032 S. Westgate McKay delivered the dedicatory adHILLAM'S

54 Post Office Place Salt Lake City, Utah West Los Angeles Bradshaw 2-2319 dress and prayer. He gave a most

Phone EM 3-5417 inspirational address on the purposes 846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the temple and the plan of life and salvation.

Miss Ewan Harbrecht, soloist with the Tabernacle Choir, sang "Bless this House,"... following Elder

Bringhurst's address; the Tabernacle A great temple has been completed. People

Choir sang the anthem, "Hosannah to God and the Lamb,"after Presithroughout the world are looking forward to prayer. dedicatorydent McKay's Elder its dedication and to the contribution it will offered the bene- O. AndersonEdward

diction. make toward the eternal progress of mankind.

President McKay remained at the

Swiss Temple for the nine additional As the Electrical Contractors on this great sessions, at which he addressed the congregations and repeated the dediArchitectural and Construction achievement, catory prayer. He also addressed,

through interpreters, three of the comwe are proud of the part we have had in its panies who went through the temple completion. It has been a great privilege to for the endowment work.

I marvel constantly at the stamina have participated.

and patience in travel of President and Sister McKay. After this trip,

both the members of the choir and

I shall realize more than ever the sacrifices the President has -made in traveling all over the world bringing the glad tidings of peace and goodwill to all mankind and in building up the kingdom of God on earth.

Following President McKay's return to Salt Lake City, he announced that there would be another temple erected in Europe—thus adding to the

work that can be done by the Saintsin their homelands for themselves and J. S. JACOBS COMPANY

their kindred dead. Electrical Contractors

812 West Cowles Avenue Long Beach, California

Dedicatory Addresses (Continued from page 798) Engineering are to treasure that trust as they treasure their lives. Construction Maintenance

We are grateful that the members of the Church recognize that the payment of tithes and offerings bring blessings, make possible the proclamation of the gospel to the ends of the world, and contributes to the carrying out of thy purposes through the building of chapels, tabernacles, and eventually are Come on and try temples wherever churches organized in all lands and climes.

O Father, we sense that the crying ttiattjood need of the world today is acceptance of Jesus Christ and his gospel to counteract false teachings that now disMORNING MILK turb the peace of honest men and women, and which undermine the faith of millions whose belief in thee -for richer has been faltering and unstable, because they have not yet had presented smoother to them the eternal plan of salvation.

Guide us, O God, in our efforts to cream sauces!

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 847 Dedicatory Addresses

(Continued from preceding page) hasten the day when humanity will strife, contention renounce and when Our Congratulations To lift "... nation shall not up sword

against nation, neither shall they learn war any more."(Isa. 2:4.)

THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF tionsTo thatthis endtheirblessheartsthemayleadersbe clearedof naLATTER-DAY SAINTS of prejudices, suspicion, and avarice, and filled with a desire for peace and righteousness.

As one means of uniting thy chilthis temple and other holy houses of On The Completion Of dren in the bonds of peace and love, the Lord are erected in thy name.

realize to thy people that only eternal principles to the The New Los Angeles Temple by Helpobedience and ordinances of the gospel may loved ones who died without baptism be permitted the glorious privilege of entrance into the kingdom of God.

Increase our desire, O Father, to put forth even greater effort towards the consummation of thy purpose to bring to pass the immortality and

CONSOLIDATED ROCK PRODUCTS CO. eternaledifice islifeoneof moreall thymeanschildren.to aidThisin

bringing about this divine consummaGeneral Offices: 2730 So. Alameda St., Los Angeles tion.

To this end, by the authority of

Producers and Suppliers of the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood, we dedicate the Swiss Temple of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

SAND ROCK GRAVEL CEMENT Saints, and consecrate it for the purpose for which it has been erected.

READYMIXED CONCRETE We dedicate to thee, our Heavenly

Father, the ground, the building

Twentyfive Branch Yards Conveniently Located To Serve from foundation to turret, and everything pertaining thereto, including all

The Construction Industry of Southern California fixtures and furnishings, and pray thee to accept it in completeness;

sanctify it, and keep it in thy proviEFFICIENT SERVICE dence until all for which it has been designed shall have been accomplished.

Enable those who will be appointed custodians to protect it in purity that no unclean person or thing shall ever

FRESH CORN TORTILLAS enter herein. Thou hast said that

and a thy Spirit will not dwell in unclean

COMPLETE LINE OF tabernacles. Neither will it dwell in

Mexican Foods athoughtshouse whereabide.unwholesomeTherefore ormayselfishall

Advice and catering suggestions given who enter this holy temple come with

FREE to organizations putting on

Mexican dinners. clean hands and pure hearts that the

INTERIOR FIRE PROTECTION For fullCallinformation—See or Writeon prices Holyinspire,Spiritto comfort,may everand beto bless.present to EQUIPMENT

BY May this building ever be held FINE MANUEL'S FOODS all feel sacred, enter that a who may 7th West South Salt City, Lake Utah FIRE CO. 350 HOSE STANDARD influence, peaceful hallowed and and Phone 3-0609 EM

64, Calif. Los Angeles 2254 Colby Ave. - SHIP - WE ANYWHERE pass the grounds, may those who

Phone BRadsha w 2-3654 whether members or nonmembers of 848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the Church feel a hallowed influence and substitute for a doubt or possible sneer in their minds, a prayer in their hearts. Now, O God, our Heavenly EterPOWERUP

nal Father, the faithful membershipof thy Church, through love for thee mpoiR-X and thy children, have erected to thee by tithes and offerings this holy house in which shall be performed ordinances and ceremonies pertaining to the happiness and salvation of thy children living in mortality and in the spirit world.

Accept of our offering, hallow it by thy Holy Spirit, and protect it from destructive elements and the bitterness of ignorance and wickedness of bigoted hearts until its divine purposes shall have been consummated;

glory, honor, be theand thine and PowerPrimed Christ, forever,praise through Jesus our Lord and Savior, Amen and Amenl with Rocket Fuel PLAN OF SALVATION A/ew f-ligh fa Octane. New Rocket Ge/away

UNIVERSAL A/ew Slf/be/- Pbwer - A/ew i-ligh fa Mileage

Rusfptoof...&a//-ptoof

Address delivered by President tvfrhtlDIIQw yyyyyyyyyy*..Ziyy.yy??.

David O. McKay at the second sesservicession the dedicatory of of the PnfMfRrV Switzerheld in Bern,Swiss Temple

land, September 11, 1955,.2 p.m.

Add power you can fee/ by also using Sinclair For Christ also hath once suffered for Extra Duty Motor Oil sins, the just for unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:

By which also he went and preached unto Ask your Sinclair Dealer for ihe New Premium Gasoline..

the spirits in prison;

Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight soulswere saved by water. SINCLAIR

The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God,) bythe resurrection of Jesus Christ: POW X

Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities

and powers being made subject unto him.

(I Peter 3:1822.) ARCHAEOLOGY, GEOGRAPHY, RELIGION

THREE BOOKS IN ONE I. Three Principles Enunciated THE ACTUAL CONTENTS OF THE

BOOK OF MORMON this scripture there are enunBOOK OF mi:, 3 Arranged for a Reference Guide to Aid in

Inciated three fundamental and MORMON i Teaching and Missionary Work eternal principles of the gospel, the first of which is BOOK OF MORMON

GUIDE BOOK 1. The immortality of the soul. Mm

$5.00 Jesus lived between thirtytwo and

Z.C.M.I. BOOKCRAFT -

Stores Bookthirtythree years as a mortal being fili DESERET andBOOKOtherCO.Leadingon earth. During that time he met

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 849 DEDICATORY ADDRESSES DON'T FORGET THE FAMILY!

(Continued from preceding page) with eternal principles and ordiPeter, James, John, and others whom nances. They would realize, also,

he ordained Apostles, and many men that noble character, the perfection and women with whom he walked of the spirit, can be attained only by and talked in mortality. the application of spiritual virtues

The silencing of his mortal heartenumerated by Paul as love, patience, beats upon the cross did not end his gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, life. "... being put to death in the temperance, etc.

flesh,"writes Peter, "but quickened 3. Baptism essential to salvation

by the Spirit: A third principle set forth is that "By which also he went and baptism is essential to salvation—"the

preached unto the spirits in prison; like figure whereunto baptism doth

"Which sometime (or which before now save us."

1 Fare Reduced disobedient, to by November time) were once when for It is a (a) the of death symbol Air—

31 is thrift March to Europe. season you Now of longsuffering the waited God indeed, indulgences; weaknesses, in old afford to can the take the using family whole

"3:18- (I the Peter days of Noah of with the physical burying the man FAMILY FARE PLAN.

20. Italics author's.) all the animal instincts and desires,

Here's family of it works how pays spirits—head of Since Christ met who men of forth in newness coming the and

full fare, or children wife to 12 25 years lived of in the then days had Noah, life Spirit, to dwell in the and to deof receive reduction age each round- $300 on trip first class air fare. A family of four those spirits "had moved and had velop the spiritual attributes.

this can save service. up to $900 using their being"in the spirit world for (b) Baptism is the entrance into

... For further information see

hundreds of years. As personalities the kingdom of God; it is the door

they possessed intelligence, for Christ through which we pass from the "preached"to them. Preached to physical plane into the spiritual plane. UNIVERSAL them what? There is but one infer- (c) Baptism is compliance with a

ence; viz., the eternal plan of salvacommand of God. "Except a man be

Jravel Service tion. Note particularly that the place born again, he cannot see the kingHotel Temple Square Hotel Ben Lomond which they inhabited is called by dom of God....

Salt Lake City Ogden, Utah Peter "a prison,"not the kingdom of a of water "Except born man be 5-5924 4-2667 EL 5-6552EL God. Spirit, enter of the cannot he and

Christ's activity among these spirits into the kingdom of God."(John

during the time that his physical body 3:3,5.)

lay in the tomb is evidence of man's This temple, dedicated today, and immortality. The fact that human other temples erected for the salvaEARN

beings who had lived hundreds of tion and exaltation of the human famyears before Christ took upon himself ily contribute to the carrying out of mortality were at the time of his death the eternal plan of salvation. The

living personalities and were visited same laws of eternal progress are as intelligent entities, gives assurance applicable to all of our Father's chilof the continuation of personality dren whether living in a mortal or a

Interest per year compounded after death. spiritual existence. Such a universal

semiannually 2. The second principle enunciated requirement reflects divine justice. For

ON YOUR SAVINGS by our text has at least the implicaGod to require his children in this at tion that there is but one plan for mortal state to comply with certain

Central and Southern Utah's spiritual attainment. spiritual laws to enter his kingdom

LARGEST SAVINGS & LOAN The persistence of personality after and not to make the same requirephysical death was known by those ment of his children living in the 36 Years of whom Christ visited. We are justispiritual realm makes his gospel mereContinuous Service fied in assuming that the memory of ly a plan of partiality, and such it is

their mortal lives was then fully innot, for "God is no respecter of persons."of their the corporated in memory

Only by compliance with the prinstate; vista UTAH SAVINGS preexistent that the and

and Loan Association of eternity lay before them. The ciples of the gospel can peace and

Provo, Utah realization was theirs also that the universal brotherhood be attained, eternal plan of redemption from morand the soul of man progress throughSend your check or money order to Utah tal death made necessary repenting out eternity.

Savings, Ave., University ProVo, 65 North

will savings your Utah and pass book be from weaknesses and evils of mortalSuch a divine plan is needed in mailed to you immediately. ity. In other words, the necessity of this distracted world today.

risingdesires—andabove theyanimalwouldinstinctslearn thatand integrity,Referringsincerity,to the necessityand honestyof moralof

those who had reveled in "the works purpose in "international relations,

Zone State. of the flesh"could not inherit the the signing of treaties, understandkingdom of God except by compliance ings, conventions, international po850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

lice,"etc., the author of Human

Destiny (Lecomte du Nouy) writes as follows:

"We should know by this time that their effectiveness depends entirely on the moral character of the men who have draughted them or participated in them. We know that

papers destined to settle for ten, twenty, or thirty years the relations between countries and the fate of their peoples, and signed in great pomp, often only engage the momentary responsibility of the signers and are sometimes nothing but shortlived

Neighbors encouraged her to enter cooking competition 'scraps of paper.'

as there is no "As long collective Salt Lake City Cook Wins 36 Awardsconscience, nations the rendering that is, the citizens, not the governat Two Different Utah Fairs ments, jointly liable for the engageTeen-ager Barbara has nothing but Out of more than 9000 prizewin- ments taken by their representatives, admiration for her mother's prize ning cooks surveyed over 98% pretreaties will constitute a tragic comedy ribbons... and no wonder! Mrs. fer Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

and it is surprising that anyone can Lamoni Carr won those ribbons in That's because Fleischmann's is easy still be their dupe. just two years of cooking competito use—always rises fast. And with

"The problem of peace is far too tion. Last year alone she won 36 this dry yeast on hand—fresh and

grave and complex to be solved by awards at two different Utah fairs. ready to use—you'll find it's so consuch superficial methods. It will only Mrs. Carr says that cooking is her venient to serve yeastraised specialbe settled by systematic action on the hobby so it's not surprising that she's ties. If you bake at home get Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast—such an Carr when Mrs. expert. Andminds of children and by imposing very best. althe yeastraised specialties she makes

rigid moral structures which, in the ways uses Fleischmann's Active Dry

Get the of slower real conscience,absence New to Yeast.

"Thrifty Three"erect, will certain acts odious. render "Rises "It'sfast—andso dependable,"keeps for months."she says.

Were the sense of human dignity spread universally, it would suffice to guarantee the respect of the given word, of the signed engagement, and Vombine high mounconsequently would confer a real tain valleys, an abunvalue to all acts and treaties. Peace dance of cool, clear

would be assured without effort, since streams and rich, every citizen would feel morally renutritious grasses with sponsible for the fulfilment of the terms agreed upon. select dairymen and

"Children arc trained to behave skillfully managed decently in public, but nobody dreams dairy herds and you of making them repeat daily, as a have the answer to prayer, 'Every promise is sacred. No what makes HiLand

one is obliged to give a pledge, but he who breaks his given word is disMilk taste so good.

honored. He commits an unpardonable crime against his dignity, he betrays himself; he covers himself with

shame; he excludes himself from human society.'"m andfinest

Conclusion Ec? carton milk.

"Let every man remember that the destiny of mankind is incomparable and that it depends greatly on his will to collaborate in the transcendent task. Let every man remember that If you plan to bind your Improvement Eras

the Law is, and always has been, to a 3c stamp sent to struggle and that the fight has lost The Improvement Era nothing of its violence by being trans50 North Main Street posed from the material onto the Salt Lake City, Utah will reserve for you an ANNUAL INDEX 1955 (Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 851 DEDICATORY ADDRESSES

(Concluded from preceding page) The restored church of Jesus Christ spiritual plane; let him remember that is the plan given by our Heavenly

his own dignity, his nobility as a Father whereby every human being human being, must emerge from his who can think for himself or herself efforts to liberate himself from his may work with God for the happiness bondage and to obey his deepest and salvation of his or her soul. Reaaspirations. And let him, above all, sonableness and justice would demand

never forget that the divine spark is universal application of eternal prinin him, in him alone, and that he is ciples and ordinances to persons livfree to disregard it, to kill it, or to ing in mortality and to those living in come closer to God by showing his the spirit world.

eagerness to work with Him, and for Only thus may God's work and

Him."(Human Destiny, by Lecomte glory be consummated through the

du Nouy.) immortality and eternal life of man.

(eyxix>\>.K5s5\5\5

stood the Jhe e55ivi Worl test off Richard L. Evans

HPhere is in most of us at times a tendency not to do anything that is difficult to do, not to perform any unpleasant service or engage in any inconvenient activity. The

FOI"4H YEARSp Intermountain tendency is often more apparent in our younger years when families have enjoyed better water heating we haven't yet had to learn some things which later in life service because of Fowler! By leading the we find that we must learn. In every family, in every houseindustry in pioneering important advancehold, in every business and community and country, there

ments, Fowler water heaters have consistare difficult, tiresome, tedious things to do—and someone

ently offered more features, more value has to do them. But sometimes young people grow up expecting everything to be placed before them, and sometimes

through the years.

they ask: "Why should we work?""Why should we do anything we don't want to do?""Why should we spend any

glasslining... part of our precious days doing difficult things when there

a Fowler first... has been part and parcel of are easier and more pleasant pastimes?"There are many

every Fowler water heater. This durable poranswers to this kind of questioning. One that suggests itcelain bondedto-steel inside the Fowler tank self is this: It was a wise and loving Father who gave us

has served as positive protection against tank work to do, a Father who knows our needs and who holds rust and corrosion. Fowler glasslining is our happiness close to his heart. (Not that work doesn't

your assurance of cleaner hot water and become monotonous at times! Anything can become monotlonger service. onous. Even socalled play or pleasure can become monotonous. And above all, idleness can become monotonous.

But it wasn't intended that any of us should live effortlessly you can count on Fowler for or follow our own irresponsible pleasure. The Lord God

economical, troublefree operation. Every made that clear when our first parents were sent out from the

Fowler electric water heater is backed by the Garden of Eden.) Work is one of the greatest gifts that God

manufacturer's 20 -year protected service has given: not just the labor required for actual existence

policy. (even the dumb beasts do what they are made to do or must

Get all the facts about Fowler. See your do for sheer sustenance), but work done beyond sheer

dealer or write for information. necessity, work and effort for the opportunity to learn, for

the power to improve, for the satisfaction of serving, of creDistributed by ating, of doing, of discovering. One of the greatest lessons

FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. of life is to learn to find joy in doing things we ought to

316 West 2nd South Street want to do, even when we don't want to do them; for any

Salt Lake City, Utah day is a disappointing day if it is allowed to pass without some sincere sense of accomplishment.*

-Jhe >pokP<- l?en 01I FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 11, 1955 Copyright, 1955 *Revised.

Fowler Manufacturing Co. 2545 S.E.Gladstone, Portland 2, Oregon

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

The Church Moves On All the advantages

(Continued from page 784). dedi- O. McKay David of a small school 4 President in home Mission cated the French

Paris. * INDIVIDUAL ATTENTION

Choir Tabernacle Lake The Salt par- * ACQUAINTANCES services in Copenin sacredticipated hagen, Denmark. * PERSONALIZED COUNSELING AND

Elder George C. Ficklin sustained as GUIDANCE

Stake, Bear River of the Southpresident

Clifton President G. M.succeeding Kerr, * SPIRITUAL CLASSES ENROLL NOW...

recently called to preside in the British * WHOLESOME ENVIRONMENT START TODAY

B. and Mason Reese EldersMission.

.. of being jc. the advantage PLUS being Enrollment as counsustained StokesDeloris Leo in high esteem in, held situated and President Ficklin. Presidentselors to for accepted now industrial growing large and by, this Reginald Elders Huncounselors,Kerr's classes midterm area. released Sandall weresaker and Wayne

with him. Write or call today for further information.

Choir Tabernacle Salt Lake PHONE NEW 6 The in concert its scheduled presented NUMBER a I Sportshall, and SchoenebergBerlin's second, unscheduled concert for refugees Branch of Brigbam Young University EM 3-2765 from the East German Zone. 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

President David O. McKay cele- 8 annivereighty-second the brated SwitzerSave at Bern, quietly his birth of sary

land. JUST OFF THE PRESS with The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir prein Wiesbaden, its concert sented a short Safety Frankfurt, Germany. from distance

By and opened was Swiss Temple 9 The to public Mail given tours were guided officials and others. EARN

The First Presidency announced the ANOTHER EDITION OF appointment of Elder J. Earl Lewis as Don't take

president of the Canadian Mission. He Earn more for your money...

Toone. President succeeds J. Melvin full safety complete with 4% GOSPEL IDEALS a presiding Lewis is currently President instituthis at supervised state

over the West Utah Stake in Provo. As containing tion. Open an account by

a young man he filled a mission in the writing now.

Southern States. He is a former bishop selections from nearly half Elbert R. Curtis

of the Provo Second Ward. He has a century of discourses and President

been active in MIA and Sunday School writings by work as well as community affairs in COLUMBIA

Provo. Accompanying him to this misPRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN.

sion field will be his wife and their 1056 East 21st South Street two youngest children, JoAnn and Jay. and published by Salt Lake City 6, Utah

The Improvement Era j A The Swiss Temple remained open 1 "for public inspection. This is a volume filled with

The First Presidency announced the inspiring thoughts and solid, SALES appointment of Elder Fred W. Stone as satisfying counsel by one of

president of the Tongan Mission, sucthe truly great men of the JOB SERVICE ceeding President D'Monte W. Coombs. Church. RENTALS

President Stone filled a mission in

Tonga from 1926 to 1929. He has been Get a copy now for your own active in the MIA and Sunday School library or send some to friends It. S. HARDY,

in the Aberdeen Ward, Blackfoot or relatives (Idaho) Stake, as a ward clerk of the INC.

Stockton (California) Ward, as a memIDEAL FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS ber of the bishopric of that ward, presiSome 600 pages—only $4.00 PowderPower Tools

dent of the high priests'quorum, and as a member of the high council of the Deseret Book Co. Bookcraft Phone WE 6-7146

San Joaquin (California) Stake. At the And all Church Bookstores 7408 Beverly Blvd., Los Angeles, 36, Cal.

time of this appointment to preside in (Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 853 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Continued from preceding page) dent Howard B. Stone of the Samoan

the mission, he was serving as the clerk Mission.

of San Joaquin Stake and coordinator The appointment of Elder Charles E.

of the Northern California welfare reMitchener as assistant general secretary gion. Mrs. Stone and their youngest of the YMMIA was announced.

son, David L., will accompany him to The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir gave

the field of labor. His brother is Presiits concert at Bern, Switzerland.

.earn

Richard L. Evans

A n ancient philosopher offered this interesting observation:

*- "If we could be twice young and twice old, we could correct all our mistakes."1 There is no real assurance that

this is so because too many of us repeat our own errors, even better. when well we sometimes But know wonder we may

-"Y>g|"TRUMPH IN TONE* to live. live so to long have learn why we There before we

the NEW CLASSIC... are many things we might wish we had learned sooner instead of later in life. There are many mistakes and misof judgment, bad Ideal for Church, understandings along the way: mistakes

beginnings, false steps, lost time, and unpromising pursuits.

Chapel or School There are strained relationships between people who should be close to one another, between people who have every it Everyone has heard says: who natural reason to keep close, but who have differed and like "This organ sounds just a

pipe organ!"We invite you to drifted apart. There are errors of understanding, quarrels,

compare this new Conn organ prejudices, unwise actions, and unwise utterances. And then

with any other instrument on the sometime, somewhere along the way we learn somehow to You'll market! find its performance incomparable... its price misjudge less, to understand more; to be more charitable, to

amazingly low. live with less friction, with less resentment, with less quick

condemnation. sometime, Somewhere, along the somehow Get FREE

patience way we are likely to acquire more and understandDemonstration in ing in our hearts. But well we may wish that we had learned

Our Store NOW some things sooner instead of later in life. Of course, some

Organists, organ committees and do learn them sooner. Some seem to mellow and to mature

all music lovers are cordially inin judgment and wisdom and understanding earlier than vited to a demonstrationrecital

Mr. Glen by Pratt in our store others. But many of us live a long time before we seem to

any time. No obligation. learn some of the fairly simple things that could have made

life easier and finer for us and for others also. But as to

living so long before we learn aunes llusic life's of to principal purposes: tolive—andlive: This,to learn.no doubt,We iscan'tone

of us, not any go with an imat any time. But back—not fflj

ZaftfateC/Yi/ us, before future assurmortal the can with go forward we 145 8LVD.,0GI>EN NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VO-''2260m&SXTWASHINGTON

ance that nothing we have really learned is ever lost. And

our failures and faltering are in part growing pains. "If we

could be twice young and twice old"could we correct all our mistakes? It isn't likely. And anyway that isn't the

way a loving Father has let us live. But we can face the

Compliments future with an assured faith that somewhere along the everlasting journey we shall know that the groping, the reaching,

BURKETT FENCE CO. the wondering, the trying and failing, and trying again, hon2419 So. La Cienega Blvd. estly and earnestly, will prove to be worth more than all the Los Angeles 34, California effort—and the future will justify our faith.*

Jhe S>poktjpotten lAJord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE It was our pleasure to erect

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING the chain link fencing about SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 18, 1955

Copyright, 1955 the Los Angeles Temple * Revised.

Euripides, The Suppliant Women, 421 B.C.

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -*-I -i* Presidentthe dedicatoryDavidprayerO. McKayin theofferedSwiss

Temple. Among those attending the

service were Elders Spencer W. Kimball,

Ezra Taft Benson, Henry D. Moyle, and

Richard L. Evans of the Council of the

Twelve. Dedicatory services were repeated twice daily through September The Stately 'Beauty of

of Temple Los Angeles new15. the

Christ of of Jesus the Church Elder Grant M. Burbidge sustained Latterday Saints is accentuated

as president of the Pioneer (Salt Lake by superior landscaping. City) Stake, succeeding President Henry

A. Smith, recently called as president

of the Central Atlantic States Mission.

President Burbidge's counselors are

Elder Gerhardt Drechsel, who held that position with President Smith, and

Elder LaMont W. Olsen. Elder Howard

Norton, President Smith's second counselor, was released with him.

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir sang at the dedicatory services of the Swiss

Temple.

The Columbia Broadcasting System's radio network released the tape recording that the Tabernacle Choir made in

Royal Albert Hall, London, during the choir's regular Sunday morning program time.

These Times

{Concluded from page 782) supermarketentering the WestwardHo

Distinctive... different... and

the student Boulevard; foron Westwood

so practical! Here is dining

or highdomed professor glancing out furniture that glamourizes the office atof his window UCLA, entire livingdining a script beyour director readingHollywood area, yet stays lovely and in BelAir,fore his and pool swimming new looking.

the suffering army veteran peering from his hospital window at Sawtelle. Then, BLACK METAL DINING FURNITURE

and only then, will there be possible Available at better furniture and a real new horizon in these times in department stores throughout

Southern California. the country.

Charcoal, Blond or Mink Walnut The london Temple Melamineplastic laminated (Concluded from page 810) tops.

son has been appointed gardener.

The beautiful formal gardens occupy about onethird of the property. It

is a site of natural beauty the year around.

Elder Edward O. Anderson said

that the temple will be constructed of cut, Portland stone—something like

Indiana limestone—and will have a

spire of perforated aluminum.

(We are indebted to President A. Hamer Reiser of the British Mission and Elder Gayle Edwards BaddSend l(y for informative booklet—

ley, associate editor of the Millennial "ThingsFurniture."to KnowAddressAboutDeptContemporary-I.

Star, for assistance in writing this VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. Los Angeles 45, California

article.) "ETERNAL VIGILANCE IS THE PRICE OF LIBERTY"... DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES!

NOVEMBER 1955 855 Gospel. 7Melchizedek Priesthood and Temple Work obediencethe to the laws and ordinances of

Dr. James E. Talmage pointed out

Priesthood and the Gospel Plan of him, namely "the Holy Priesthood the necessity of obedience in the folSalvation after the Order of the Son of God."H lowing words:

Through the power of this priesthood, of LatterJesus Christ of The Church the Savior broke the bands of death doctrine, holds a fundamental day.. Saints. Whenand theEternalchildrenParentsof ourare divineborn

and thereby put into operation a uniattested and proved by the scripture, both into mortality, a veil is drawn versal all resurrection that in order ancient with modern, that compliance and a complete causing over their minds, the gospel ordinances the the laws of mortals and the grave will rise from and of their premortal forgetfulness is irrevocable absolute requirement an and life receive bodies; immortal, resurrected

its experiences of and into the for numerous admission with the God, Kingdom so of through the grace and him of for inin the other securing who or words, gospel plan of forgetfulness the also a sins, for rise died shall our from we souls the salvation to dividual and of men familiar with they had been which live is eternally. the grave this universal, applying that and requirement

passed there. of having As a result

therefore, mortality, they into had a Also, the gospel plan of salvation alikeage andto everypowersoulofthataccountabilityhas attained into thethe condition come over them known as was named after this Savior, being flesh, in whatever, period or dispensation a spiritual death, being banished called the gospel of Jesus Christ. An that soul has lived in mortality. It follows

if that soul eternal as necessary any consequence decree forth the went from of Furtherpresence the God. from

failed, or either ignorance through has of to of throne inhabitants the God to all a are subject mortals more rethese to to neglect, obedience render to the earth effect the that the name If left death. physical is or temporal obligation the not quirements, removed

"... of Christ Jesus 8 only the was death. by their to superior a unaided power by

own, upon passing through temporal name which shall be given under heaven, shall salvation listed whereby the Prophet come Smith Joseph The forever mortals death, remain would 4 into the children vital of men."of the ordinances laws It is most and i. e., spiritually from banished dead,

the presence of God. They could atthrough the acceptance of this gospel gospel as follows:

and complete the compliance with all tain neither immortality nor eternal ordiprinciples the first and We believe conditions set forth therein and life. in are: the first, Faith nances of the Gospel

through the power of the priesthood Lord Jesus Christ; second, Repentance; However, the Eternal Father in his

unbounded love for his children prothat the faithful sons and daughters third, Baptism by immersion for the rewill of sins; enter eventually fourth, the mission Laying of God on of hands mortalsvided whereby a means may

for the gift of the Ghost. 9 Holy of the the Son Father and in presence rebirth here receive a spiritual

mortality, overcome the bonds of and attain eternal life. Purposes of the Temples

death and thereby receive immortality, and eventually enter into the Laws and Ordinances of the 1. Temple Ordinances for the Livpresence of God and receive eternal Gospel ing

life. The Father and the Son hath

declared: "For behold, this is my The gospel plan of salvation conTemples are erected and dedicated

unto the Lord according to his diwork and my glory—to bring to pass tains two distinctively separate phases

vine plan for the specific purpose ofthe immortality and eternal life of—namely, principles or laws and

providing holy edifices wherein faithman. ordinances—each of which must be

The plan provided by the Eternal complied with by every mentally ful members of the Church of Jesus

Father for achieving the foregoing normal mortal who reaches the age Christ may have certain gospel purposes is known as the gospel plan of accountability if he attains eternal ordinances performed which are reqof salvation. The central figure in life. This life is one of probation uisite to their exaltation. Among

the entire plan is a Savior, even Jesus wherein each individual is being these ordinances is the very vital one

Christ the Only Begotten of the proven to see if he "... will do all of celestial marriage.

Father in the flesh, the Mediator bethings whatsoever the Lord, [his] 2. Temple Ordinances for the JDead

tween the heavens and the earth, the God, shall command"5 with the promFrom the days of Adam millions of

Anointed One who died that we ise that those who prove faithful people have lived and died without might live. All power in heaven and to the end "... shall have glory added having heard the gospel of Jesus

earth was given unto him by Elohim, upon their heads for ever and ever."Christ. Since it is absolutely neceseven the power of the Eternal Father; One of the statements in the Articles sary that each person has the opporin other words, Jesus Christ was of Faith is: tunity to receive the gospel and render

given a fulness of the priesthood of obedience unto its laws and ordibelieve that the through Atonement We for necessary nances, the the first "Great it was Fatherthe Lord and made of all Christ, be mankind saved, by 2 may after Priest"It wasHigh named "Articles of Pearl of Faith,"7Joseph Smith, Great ">D & C 107:3. Price (Salt Lake City, 1920), p. 59.

1:39. 4Moses Closes

Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachings of the Prophet 5Abraham6:52.3:25. LakesJamesCity,E. 1912),Talmage,p. 76.The House of the Lord (Salt

Joseph Smith (Salt Lake City, 1942), p. 158. nbid., 3:26. "Smith, op. cit., p. 59.

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

in his justice and mercy to provide a nant was the gospel of Jesus Christ were these powers held by Elijah?

way whereby those who had lived in its fulness. The Lord declared: In the words of Elder Joseph Fielding

to the best of their knowledge but Smith:

the I that conyou, unto say And verily to the accept no opportunity had had All these: covenants, are of this ditions law

... keys that Elijah held were the The in morality could evengospel while oaths, obligations, vows, contracts, bonds, the of priesthood, the everlasting keys

tually receive a fulness of the blessings performances, connections, associations or keys of the sealing power, which the Lord of the gospel. To provide for them, expectations that are not made and engave unto him... and that included a

Spirit of sealed the into tered Holy by and as well for living sealing the ministry instituted vicarious the work Lord is as both of anointed, promise, him who is it as the to confined the not in for to the the dead—andof performed dead be all that for too eternity, well time and and it living to the dead, confined is not and of the principal temples; so and one revelation holy, and most commandment by 14 both. includes but them

purposes for the erection of these holy through the medium of mine anointed,... Elijah was the last of the old prophto I earth the appointed have on whom is to edifices appropriate provide ets of priesthood, the the fulness held who

I appointed this (and have hold power the sealing of priesthood; the power and in places ordinances gospel the which

this to power hold servant Joseph unto my it last of his prophets, the being the was for dead. be the performed The may is last but one never days, there the in and

... in that place order the to come, but

efficawill therein prove this done work at power the earth time a on on whom is recogshould binding power which come are of conthe priesthood the keys and of for cious those prove worthy who the nized heavens, in which and by we force or efficacy, virtue, ferred), of are no blessings. the God's power exaltaangels to the pass the Through by and Gods

the resurrection dead; after the in from and Elijah, to tion, held from come had who blessings are of priesthood the the

all are for unto that not contracts made of for face earth, that the the power upon 10 sealed providing them, upon them are dead. this end have an end when men

it to so given the him, he had Lord and similar receive to opportunity the to Oliver Joseph Cowdery and Smith came revelaforegoing to the According blessings to that those they would of April, 3rd bestowed day on the and upon have received had they belonged to tion, all ordinances, contracts, and them the keys of his priesthood. 15

the Church while in mortality. obligations that are sealed by the one

who has the sealing power remain The Prophet Joseph Smith dePriesthood and Temple sealed throughout the eternities and scribed the power and calling of

Ordinances everything pertaining to the gospel Elijah as follows:

must be sealed.

The most vital thing connected with Now for Elijah. The spirit, power, and

is, of Elijah that he have power temple ordinances and temple work Elijah and Sealing Power calling ordiof keys the revelation, the to hold is after in general the Priesthod Holy of the the Order of God. Son It is The Old Testament record closed nances,the fulnessoracles,of thepowersMelchizedekand endowmentsPriesthoodof

through that priesthood that all temwith Malachi's prediction of the comand to receive, obtain, perform, all the great before the and ing of Elijah pertaining to the kingdom of ordinances effective ple ordinances and are made the turn to God,.., 16 dreadful the Lord day of of spiritual blessings the gospel the

their children fathers to heart of the faithful of Jesus Christ sealed upon fathers. their to children and the 11 Fulness of the Blessings of the the of the Church, whether members

work be done for the living or for the It is evident from the conversation Priesthood dead. As a result of the restoration had by Jesus with Peter, James, and

of the priesthood with all of its keys John, as they descended from the It is only in the temples of the to the Prophet Joseph Smith, the Mount of Transfiguration, that these most high that the fulness of the power of God came once again from ancient apostles had been anxiously blessings of the priesthood can be reheaven to the earth whereby all the awaiting the coming of Elijah with ceived by righteous members of the it enthe importance which Peter, Christ. of Jesus true Church efall are gospel of the ordinances made

tailed. time to the present 12 Even holy that brought the James, and John lives fective Saints of the in the and

valid before the throne of God forJews are looking forward to the fulpriesthood to Joseph Smith and ever and ever. filment of Malachi's prophecy. Oliver Cowdery, and a few years

3, 1836, one week after thereafter Elijah bestowed upon them The President of the Church of On April all of the Jesus Christ is the only person on the the dedication of the Kirtland Temthe sealing powers of

Elijah ancient Prophet the of of gospel Jesus the apordinances at all the ple, earth one time who holds Oliver to peared Smith and to Joseph the go those Christ. Thus who Priesthood; the keys of Melchizedek prefulfilling the thereby their Cowdery, enout take temples worthily

and it is he who authorizes those who diction made by Malachi. i;i He bedowments, enter into a new and

perform temple marriages and other stowed upon the Prophet Joseph and everlasting covenant of marriage, and temple ordinances to do that work. upon Oliver the same keys and blessreceive all of the ordinances and

ings which he had bestowed upon the blessings provided for their exaltation

New and Everlasting Covenant heads of Peter, James, and John, on (Continued on page 870) the Mount of Transfiguration. What

The Lord proclaimed in the resto- 1(D & C 132:7. His14JosephMission,"FieldingThe Smith,Utah Genealogical"Elijah the andProphetHistoricaland

ration of the gospel in the latter days "Malachi 4:5-6. Magazine (Salt Lake City, 1921), p. 10.

that the new and everlasting cove- "DMatthew& C 110:1316.19:1-13; Mark 9:2-13; Luke 9:2835. ieJoseph15lbid., p.Smith,13. cited in ibid., p. 15.

NOVEMBER 1955 857 I7*Presiding

Multiple Credits Not Permitted Challenging Record Adequate Help Urged

in Absentee Reports When Passing Sacrament

has come to our attention that some in Junior Sunday SchoolIT of our absentee Aaronic Priesthood members, particularly those in the miliIt has been observed that in some tary service, are being told they may Junior Sunday Schools too few deatake credit for attending priesthood and cons are appointed to pass the sacrasacrament meeting, Sunday School, and ment. Where this is the case, too much

YMMIA when only one LDS meeting is time is consumed in administering the attended at a given time. sacrament, and children have a tendNo multiple credits are permitted or ency to become restless.

authorized. When only one meeting is It is recommended, therefore, that a

attended, only one credit is to be taken sufficient number of deacons be apwhen reporting on the absentee report. pointed to perform this service in the

Whether the meeting is a priesthood or Junior Sunday School so that each one sacrament meeting, a Sunday School, or will pass the sacrament to an average a YMMIA will depend upon the nature of ten children.

of the meeting. The absentee will reIt is preferred that priests officiating

port his attendance and indicate which at the sacrament table do not leave their meeting he attended. positions to assist in passing the sacraOf course, if more than one meeting ment except in very small wards and

is attended, all such activities should be Jack Scovil branches where there are not sufficient reported the absentee but no multiby Priesthood Aaronic bearers to comply Taylorsville priest in the is a Jackple credits taken. the above recommendation. Stake. with Taylorsville (Utah) Ward,

The absentee's report should be immeHis Church record includes secretary of Stake committees are asked to make diately entered to his credit in his quothe deacons quorum, second counselor observations and give needed assistance rum roll even though the ward Aaronic in the teachers quorum presidency, and in this matter.

Priesthood report may already have been he has earned six Individual Aaronic made. Priesthood Awards and the Aaronic

Wherever possible, absentee reports Priesthood pin.

should be made to reach the bishop in Jack has the further distinction of time to be included in the ward report having been awarded a fouryear scholWho Receives Sacrament First to the stake secretary. arship to Stanford University.

in Junior Sunday School

OAKLAND (CALIFORNIA) STAKE WINNERS OF AARONIC IT makes no difference whether the PRIESTHOOD PIN AWARD sacrament is administered in Junior

Sunday School, in the regular Sunday

School, or in sacrament meeting, only the specified highest priesthood authority present should receive the sacrament

first.

The person to receive the sacrament first will always be the highest authority, or ranking member, who is sitting on the stand, and who is from among the following priesthood authorities:

(1) General Authorities of the Church i.e., The First Presidency, Council of

the Twelve, Patriarch to the Church,

Assistants to the Council of the Twelve,

First Seven Presidents of the Seventy,

Presiding Bishopric; (2) stake president and counselors; (3) members of

the stake high council on special assignment representing the stake presidency;

(4) ward bishop and counselors.

Oakland Stake proudly presents the Aaronic Priesthood members who were presented No other persons, whether men or pin. for Priesthoodthe Aaronic individual Priesthood earned four having awards. or more regardless of to position, are be women,

taken. present winners award were photographFour not was when the

first in of the the passing recognized stake are, left to right: of the in the Earl standing committee back Members row

M. Phillips; C. Ben Lamkin; Eugene S. Hilton; Robert Anderson. sacrament.

858 'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Meet the Champions Avoid Argument in

Ward leaching

There is an old proverb that says, "Win an argument and lose a friend."Most of us are witnesses of

this practical bit of philosophy. The

prudent teacher avoids argument in modern methods of teaching. There

seems to be an element of compulsion in argument that most of us resist.

Sometimes we become too vigorous in our efforts to convince those who differ with us, and we overlook the virtues of kindness and tact. It is unwise to force

our opinions and beliefs upon those who do not agree with us. Landor teaches

us the value of sound judgment in this matter:

Heat and animosity, contest and conflict, may sharpen the wits, although they rarely do; they never strengthen the understandSouth Salt Lake (Utah) Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee ing, clear the perspicacity, guide judgment,

Conducts overnight social for fathers and sons or improve the heart.

Led by Rolf Christiansen, left, counselor to President S. Ross Fox of the South

Salt Lake (Utah) Stake, these were the champions in the high jump and Explanation is far more effective than broad jump contests when the Aaronic Priesthood bearers and their fathers enjoyed argument in successful teaching. It

themselves in a recent overnight priesthood social. Four hundred and seventyfive makes possible peaceful comparisons.

fathers and sons were in attendance. The social was sponsored and supervised by Ofttimes differences of opinion are

the stake Aaronic Priesthood committee under the direction of the stake presidency. only the results of misunderstandings.

A commendable feature in the arrangements was the providing of ample first Through the means of explanation, aid equipment to be used by experienced personnel in the event of injury. satisfactory meanings and proper inActivities included "baseball, hiking, fishing, track sports, and a spicy campfire terpretations are given, thus reconciling

program."existing differences. Arguments frequently conclude with the participants

farther apart than at the beginning, while explanation brings us closer to- "Makeup Meetings"AWARD RECORDS gether. Argument may close the door

October 1, 1955 to further opportunity, but explanation it open. keep

Not Allowed Individual Awards 24,616 will teachers should avoid argument Ward 625 Awards Ward by seeking to explain, to. teach. askletters received are being many Stake Awards 30 So meetor ing not "makeup whether Seals 3,085 100%

ings"are allowed those who are Aaronic Priesthood Pins 6,869 m unavoidably absent from one or more priesthood or sacrament meetings, that we feel it necessary to clarify again this We are nearing the end of the year Aaronic Priesthood part of our Aaronic Priesthood program. when we will compute individual

records. Please Priesthood disconAaronic meetings"award were "Makeup

for New Roll Books to for exceptions this rule time, that do not ask 1, 1953. Since tinued January

we have not knowingly made a single any reason. If a boy is absent from a

exception to the rule that if a young meeting, he is absent, and his absence Not Needed lor 1956 man misses a meeting it cannot be made cannot be madeup on the records.

up except, for substitutions allowed for We realize that in some instances Please do not order new Aaronic attending general conference, quarterly this rule may appear to be unfair. But Priesthood roll books for 1956 unless

stake conference or June conference of if leaders will try to analyze all that is you do not have quorum rolls issued

MIA as set forth on page 43 in the involved, they will come face to face January 1, 1955.

Handbook for Leaders of Aaronic Priestwith the problem of where to stop in Roll books for 1955 were made up to hood Under 21, published January 1, making exceptions. The very fairest last from two to four years. We have

1953. method is to stop before any exceptions only a small stock of the current roll

This rule has not been changed, and are made, and then there can be no books, and they should be requested onno change is contemplated. charge of favoritism or partiality. ly where specifically needed.

NOVEMBER 1955 859 Today's

Lewella Christiansen For Family, Home, and Temple

Qhnstiansen Qives Thanh

by A Hie Howe—Photo by Lignell & Gill

rolls. punkin'settles in grandher the her hair. is on a hush It was from mouth And then

first gathering, everyone in the over the her shock,"that LewellaWhenand thethe fodder'sfrost and heard mother you can be certain that when turns toward Grandfather. In true stories of Washington, Franklin, Linthe EIRay L. Christiansen family patriarchal fashion he has always coln, and the Prophet Joseph Smith.

gather at home for Thanksgiving it is presided over his home, and now the She has continued to study the lives a wonderful day. The traditional family awaits his leading them in a of these and other great men and

turkey dinner with all the grandprayer of thanksgiving. women and has sought to apply the

children at grandmother's house is This has always been a thankful principles of their greatness to her not an idle fancy for this family; it home, a home of gratitude for the living, in her home, and to the lives

is a thrilling reality. For the Chrisblessings and love of their Heavenly of her children. She now tells these

tiansen children, from their earliest Father and a home of true loving stories to her eight grandchildren, remembrance, home has been a place spirit one towards another. For Sister inspiring in them the same love of

for fun, love, and companionship, and Christiansen her love for home was home and of the Lord that she realways the best place in town for good developed in early life when her ceived from her grandmother. And to

food. mother played the organ and enher three children, Frances Jean (El-

A touch of the nostalgic oldfash- couraged Lewella to use her lovely wood), (Doctor) John R., and Dottie

ioned Thanksgiving has prevailed voice by singing Church hymns. And (Murdock), she has imparted her

with this family, for this is the time there was her grandmother who love for music, literature, paintings, everyone does something to help. seemed so queenly in her white lacy and other fine arts. Music has been

There is an apron for all, even the litcollar, wearing pretty, shining combs a fundamental enjoyment for the tle ones. Grandmother's very best Christiansens, and the children not

china is polished up, the loveliest only have played instruments, but linens are spread, the silver laid, and also through their mother have when Mr. Tom Turkey comes from learned about the composers, the

writers, the artists and their lives,the oven—well, there is excitement

unlimited. Everyone comes running and then have appreciated their lives

as Grandmother opens the oven door. as interpreted through their masterAfter the first breathtaking exclamapieces.

tions come the afterthoughts of "Oh, "Work isn't work to me,"said so brown,"and "So beautiful,"and Lewella Christiansen. "I have al-

"I can hardly wait."With this ways enjoyed my home. Cooking just

luscious tempter before them, everyseems a pleasure, and caring for my one bustles to do his children was a real privilege. When

part to get the meal the youngsters came home from on the table. Just as school, I was there and had a little

the family is seated, snack for them. In wintertime I'd

Grandmother brings have a big fire glowing in the firein a basket of her place when they opened the door.

famous meltin-your When the children were dating, my husband and I would light the fire just before we expected them home, and a tray of sandwiches and cookies or something else we knew they would—A Barton Photo enjoy was ready for them. Oftenof the Cinnamon rolls, a favorite

Christiansen family. (Continued on page 862)

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MUSHROOM SOUP MUFFINS

Canned soup is the only liquid used in this new recipe. Delicious!

2 cups sifted Sperry Drifted Snow Flour 3V2 teaspoons doubleaction baking powder salt % teaspoon can (IOV2 oz.)

condensed cream of mushroom soup, undiluted

shortmelted 3 tablespoons made with Mushroom Soup 1 egg oil ening, or cooking "Very unusual... My husband ate four... Simply delicious."Sift flour, baking powder and salt

So go the reports on these grand muffins. intogredientsbowl. andAddstirall untilremainingblended.inAnd what is the report on the flour you see next to the muffins? Spoon into greased muffin cups.

"Sperry Drifted Snow gives me extra good results... It's dependable. minutes.Bake in hot(Makesoven, 1425,to V/2fordozen.)15 to 20

rely on Sperry—can Yes, you Sperry."can rely onYou

years. for 102 in the flour west No dependablea other flour Variations:lowing ingredientsAdd any one of the folcan say this. Use Drifted Snow for all baking. Double your 1/4 teaspoon curry powder

parsley chopped 2 tablespoons recipes and...-<,. m Tested if not satisfied. backmoney

1/4 cheese cup grated American in bag. silverware coupon patternQueen Bess green 1 tablespoon chopped

onion or green pepper

?'?w

y

"||,J ll]J**MHnflBnSH|QHGSiJHI

Two other fine products by Sperry—

a name famous in the west for 5 generations.

ZW/iW//-/ MILLS (Sp&vufOpwtim).

Lewella Christiansen

specially for your Gives Thanks (Continued from page 860) E times there would be a nice warm batch of cinnamon rolls; those were

family favorites. The children knew

they could find something tasty to eat when they came home.

"When they were ill, I would prepare good, nourishing food for them.

I especially enjoyed trimming their trays so their weak little appetites would be tempted.

Those little niceties are important to Sister Christiansen for she feels that it is the sprig of mint, the maraschino cherry, spray of coconut, thin lemon slice, chopped parsley, or other garnish that is important to effective and tempting meal preparation.

And those extras are a part of every if special oe,ion daythey arefor especiallyLewella Christiansen,important on fesbut

COFFEE tivecoursedaysthesuchdinneras Thanksgiving.is usually comOf

pleted with a dish of oldfashioned SHOP carrot or suet pudding, covered with

Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Managei a colorful dip topped with mint leaves and a red cherry.

Toward the end of the day, a tray lunch is served in the living room.

This time the family is treated to warm lemonade, rolls so carefully warmed over they seem as if they are fresh from the oven, a piece of cold turkey, and a crispy fruit cup treat.

Suet (Carrot) Pudding (serves ten) ]/2 cup suet (finely ground) Enjoy Y2 cup butter (scant) finer flavor 1 cup sugar and greater 2 eggs, well beaten nutrition of PRESERVE REDWOOD'S NATURAL BEAUTY 1 cup grated raw carrots wheat whole neglect Thompson's Redwood! Don't Use nuts chopped cup

.. grain Stain—waterproof the new Redwood way 11 raisins cup protect preserve, to enhance, and restore

freshly ground! 1 dates, cut cup long penetrating, natural beauty. Deep

moistureresistant apples contains Thompchopped cup Y2 every is lasting, food element Everincreasing... builtin pigments son's Seal Water

I 1 sifted flour retained TOcup WRITE in popularity brush, with fading. Apply that retard for DAY prices—FREE

1 Everyone soda that teaspoon knows facts! recipes—food to covers Gallon spray. roller cloth, up or other cereal bread and salt teaspoon direct: or dealers Pint feet. At square 400 with foods made whole l/4 SPECIAL

freshly grain ground postpaid. 1 $5.32 Gallon $1.72; Quart teaspoon cinnamon $1.30; FLOUR OFFER—is tastier far richer and Inc., Co., for introcoupon A. C.O.D.'s. E. Send Thompson No. cloves teaspoon in healthgiving nutrioffer ductory 5-lb. y2 of Calif. 3, Francisco Mart, San Merchandise it's ments. the And—pkg.. 1 Smith Deaf wheat teaspoon nutmeg wise home where someflour, richAmerica's

is thing l done about bread crumbs cup in it. est elements, food l/2

select or -Minn., Wis. efficient, Rapid the—flour stone wheat thoroughly sugar butter and Electric—Household Cream Lee

it's ground the day FlourMill reduces whole nuts, Stir in carrots, eggs. add and shipped. fluffy for grain to flour

fraction suet, of o apples, penny raisins, a and mix dates, and

LEE ENGINEERING all, of OFFER... pound. a CO. WE ingredients sifted dry well. add Then Milwaukee 3, Wis. it's STONE BestGROUND COMPLETE A greased in crumbs. Put and bread \y2 I.E.LEE Dept., ENGINEERING COMPANY, SERVICE ENGRAVING

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis. From Missionary Portraits to the Largest quart mold. Cover and steam from 3

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 Catalogues. to 4 hours or until well done. Serve

WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention while hot.

Name UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Sister Christiansen advises that the

Street 231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah pudding is spicy, so adjust seasonings

City...State to taste.

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Vanilla Sauce

1 cup milk 1 cup sugar y3 teaspoon salt ]/8 pound butter 1 teaspoon vanilla First choice ofthe

Heat milk; add sugar, salt, butter,

and vanilla l/4 cup milk 2 or 3 tablespoons flour whole family

Mix together until smooth.

Bring milk mixture to a boil and,;:--::rr

add thickening. Stir constantly until

desired thickness is obtained. While

hot, pour over pudding.

Yeast Rolls POSTUM

1 cake compressed yeast l/4 cup lukewarm water l/4 cup sugar l/4 cup butter l'/2 teaspoon salt 1 cup scalded milk 1 egg, beaten 4 cups sifted flour (approximately)

l teasyeast in water. Soften Add l/2 Ppsfuw sugar rest of butter, sugar. Addpoons

and salt to hot milk. Stir until sugar GtMefc.

is dissolved. Cool, then add egg. Stir

in softened yeast. Sift flour into liquid

ingredients; mix well. Turn dough onto

lightly floured board. Knead quickly

until smooth and elastic. Form into

smooth ball. Place ball of dough in mr

greased bowl and turn over once or twice to grease the surface. Cover and

let rise in warm - place (about 85 F.)

about one hour or until double in bulk. This large, 8-ounce jar of instant Postum makes up to 100 cups!

Turn out onto board, knead well again, and shape as desired. Bake in moderate

oven.

Sister Christiansen believes one of her secrets of success for hot rolls is the use Instant Postum is America's of butter rather than shortening.

that restores For rewarming original favorite cereal beverage! sprinkling she recommends freshness,

just a little water over a pan of rolls, covering the pan and placing in hot oven. If desired, just before removing Rich and mellow—that's Instant Postum. Made of roasted

from oven, brush the tops of the rolls whole wheat and bran, Postum gives you all the flavor, all the of butter and sugar mixture a light with the warmth and satisfaction you want from a good hot drink. thus giving honey, or butter and

rolls a deliciously fresh appearance. It's easy to prepare, too—just add hot water or warm milk.

Slip back in the oven for a couple of Children love their milk mixed with Instant Postum—then their

minutes and then serve. drink looks like mother's and dad's!

Cinnamon Rolls The whole family will enjoy Instant Postum, and it costs less 1 package active dry yeast than a penny a cup. You can't afford not to try it! Another

(or 1 cake compressed yeast) wonderful General Foods product.

Y4 cup warm water 1 cup milk l/4 cup sugar 3 tablespoons butter \y2 teaspoons salt S l/4 cups flour 1 beaten egg Instant Postum stir until in water and Soften yeast

it to add No caffein Scald and milk dissolved.

{Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1955 863 Lewella Christiansen Gives Thanks

{Continued from preceding page) butstir dissolved, then until sugar; add WORLEY & CO. until salt. cool well and ter and Mix

into S flour Sift CUP l ]/2 acknowledges with sincere thanks the opportunity to share lukewarm. then mix, add welland cooled liquid,

in the equipment of the Los Angeles Temple and extends beaten egg. Stir in softened yeast.

After mixing thoroughly, add remaining congratulations to all responsible for the conception and flour and blend dough. Cover, and let

completion of this beautiful structure. rise until double in bulk. Knead well

and let rise again. Roll in an 18 x 9

inch rectangle. Spread as follows:

Y4 cup melted butter sugar WORLEY & CO. l/2 cup

PICO, CALIFORNIA l/22 teaspoonscup raisinscinnamon

Manufacturers of Steel Equipment for Brush rolled dough with melted butSchools, Churches, Business and Industry ter or margarine. Combine sugar, cinnamon, and raisins, and sprinkle over

dough. Roll up as for jelly roll; cut

in one inch slices, and let rise again until double in bulk. Now take:

1/3 cup melted butter Why Share Your Space THE WORLD'S FIRST 2/3 cupwalnutbrownhalvessugar with a Swinging Door? AND FINEST MOTOR OIL

Mix butter and brown sugar and spread in bottom of two 8x8x2 inch VALVOLINE pans; dot with walnut halves.

100% Pure Pennsylvania Place risen rolls in these pans and

We at VALVOLINE OIL CO. are bake in moderate oven about 25 minindeed the opto have proud had five in until done. utes or minutes Cool

in furnishing our OILS invert rolls rack cooling then on in pan; that were used portunityAND GREASES

the machinery that helped construct set over waxed paper to catch any excess the great new MORMON TEMPLE syrup. Makes eighteen rolls.

at Los Angeles, California. This

marvelous structure is indeed a credit to THE CHURCH OF JESUS In speaking of the family, PresiCHRIST OF LATTERDAY dent Christiansen rejoiced in the deSAINTS and to its members that light of his children in coming home.

are carrying on the wonderful work of the Church. In order to serve "They all like to come and bring

the MORMON CHURCH and its their families, and we like to have lofollowing the we have members them. The main thing we have tried

part of cations serving western the the United States. to do is make our children love home

so they would desire to come back a "MODERNFOLD"VALVOLINE PLANTS & OFFICES: whenever possible."

door takes none 3600 Union Pacific Avenue

California 23, Los Angeles Sister President Christiansen and LIVING FOR SPACE MORE Street 17th 1300 filled together, the missions two have BEAUTY NEW COLORFUL California Francisco 7,

RIGID STRENGTH - first States, in the Central then and Clark North Avenue OF STEEL San2308 WALLS MOVABLE 12, Oregon Portland later presided over the they Texas

First the doors that fold 2204 Avenue South Louisiana Mission. For more than Seattle like accordion an 4, Washington

eight years he was president of the

WAREHOUSES:

Sacramento, California Logan Temple, and she served alongSalt Lake City, Utah side her husband as matron of the

Stockton, California temple. At the time he was called to

Falls, Great Montana be an Assistant to the Council of the Oregon Medford,

For demonstration write or phone Twelve, they left their beloved family home in Logan and moved to Salt

City. ChrisPresident Later Lake ALDER'S

1343 South responsibilities tiansen's Main Salt Lake City % HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f included new

Phone IN 7-1531 f A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k the presidency of the Salt Lake Temyour send Please me free booklet entitled YE KINGS REST MOTEL ple. There he and his wife have conIE-10. for Living''Space "More

526 STREET 5TH SOUTH is for their she tinued teamwork, NAME B. Foutz, Dr. Harold Owner

this Address time. of that temple at matron Foutz, H. Manager Edgar

Throughout Mattresses State Beautyrest i City.-. {Continued 866) page on

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Through worship, man's human nature is brought into balance with his spiritual being... thus instilling an appreciation for enduring values.

That's why so many church buildings are constructed of brick. It's everlasting strength

and permanent beauty are an unending source of satisfaction and peace of mind. Firesafe,

low original cost and minimum upkeep are ValleyValley CenterCenter SecondFirst WardWard

Stake added qualities that make brick the first Millcreek Main Street 3800 South 1 2 Red Stretcher Brick choice of skilled architects and builders. #

Buff Colored Mortar

Manufacturers of Burned Clay Products

INTERSTATE BRICK CO 3100 South 11th East Salt Lake City 6, Utah

NOVEMBER 1955 865 Fine Woodwork for the Canadian, Lewella Christiansen

HAWAIIAN, ARIZONA, IDAHO FALLS, and nOW the Gives Thanks

(Continued from page 864) They love their work and are devoted to the cause they serve. But

that is natural, for those who know the Christiansens know their love for the gospel and people. One of

Fetzer's Salt Lake Cabinet & Fixture their greatest joys today is meeting young people coming to the temple

Like other details in the Temple, the for the first time, and then seeing fine woodwork—such as counters and railings, pulpits and cabinets—was them go from the house of the Lord

built with finest materials and workspiritually uplifted and filled with manship. Beautifully grained Appalachian Oak was specially imported for the realization that this has been one

the job and then carefully selected for of the greatest events of their lives.

color of grain. Solid and uniformity

riftThe Christiansens feel that it is pieces to the were matched wood sawn paneling. Beautiful hand and pretheir obligation to see that those

cisionmachine craftsmanship and finest coming to the house of the Lord are finishing bring out the full beauty of these special woods. properly impressed and understand

at least in part what they have rePlant at 1436 So. W. Temple ceived. "We want to see them go

Salt Lake City away feeling that the Lord loves them and is mindful of them, that his greatest concern is for his children, and that they have now beALL-NEW KITCHEn CHflRm "BANQUETMASTER"THE NEW! come endowed with blessings that 1955 MODEL this world cannot provide."TABLE FOLDING

Designed for today's beautiful President and Sister Christiansen WAXED PAPER Churches Schools

Private Homes strive diligently to house of keep the KEEPS FOOD Cafes from becoming the Lord commonplace by bringing to it the same FRESHER LONGER!

Sample dignity, love, and attention they have table at always given in their own home. J sent

no in or presiding their costWhether home write v for the ChrisLord, of the in the house details tiansens have brought strength, peace, tables "Banquetmaster"Compare for and a sweet spirit of good will to all quality with any beauty, and pricey

Direct nation. table made in the facabout them. schools, discounts to Churches, tory

all institutions. and

For full description prices and guarThe ageold family piece of God antee write... Bless Our Home is displayed on their

D. H. Loosli Co., Inc. walls, and God has blessed them in

Idaho Falls, Idaho that home, a glorious cause for happy thanksgiving.

A TEMPLE IN LOS ANGELES

PEDIGREE PICTURES By Helen Kimball Orgill for your Book of Remembrance Cing aloud, ye souls immortal,

From your dwelling mid the stars,

Copy Negative 25c Waiting for a temple ordinance,

Pedigree Prints 5c each To be freed from prison bars!

—Order by Mail—Heaven'sYou haveveil seemsprayed nearand towaited,bursting,too,

LOS ANGELES TEMPLE And AllyourtheGodpraisein mercyto himharkens,is due.

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS Color Photograph of Pacific, the the shores for On framing mounted OF HOUSEWIVES...

the palm trees meet the sea, Where Mailing 85c llxl4-$4.50 ALLAT LEADING GROCERS temple, another Lo behold Refers Mailing Note: d-o rc z nn aloft majestically! Looms to i16x20—$9.95 11x14 only

Residents of California add 3% sales tax Here the remnant seed of Laman

DRINK Will join Ephraim's mighty throng,

Vulaqelage vameraUc Sk Op To beIn SaviorsGod's kingdomon Mt. Zion,they belong.

ficq A delightful sing, souls immortal, ye 1417 Westwood Blvd. Then O

for those hot beverage roll will along, the For work 24, Calif. Los Angeles coffee. don't drink who the heavens, rend Let hosannas

AT YOUR GROCERS Praising God in joyful song!

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR THAT NIPPY NIGHT is a Difference in BreadWhenthe nightsthe daysare stingingare blusterycold, andthe There warm glow from the fireplace and a tasty warmyou-up treat comTable Queen is pletes a time when friendships have Rich in Milk visitors. refreshedbeen welcome by

family from Each pound contains exclude don't yourBut the enjoyment of tingling garden conthe nonfat solids of somme cup with a toasted cheese

it slice. love for the They'llshrimp

after special orfamily night food the 7 OUNCES OF MILK iSs football game. this gives you the

Garden Consomme nutritional value /JL

I. v 2 cans condensed consomme of proteins and

(dilute as directed on can) calcium in milk. I

Y2 lemon, juiced lemon slices also Enriched!/4 cup carrots, finely diced ROYAL BAKING COMPANY with Vitamins

I/4 cup green pepper, chopped Salt Lake City Ogden and Iron!/4 cup celery, finely ground

2 tablespoons butter or margarine salt to taste

Combine consomme and water and GRIND YOUR OWNsimmer five minutes. about Add

ground celery and lemon juice. In FLOUR & CEREAL

buttered skillet cook diced pepper and with this sturdy carrots until pepper becomes slightly tender. Add to consomme and simmer another five minutes. Float WHEAT MILL

slices leaf topped mintlemon with asONLYin each Serve cup. an consomme

sortment of crispy soup crackers. $50

Cheese Shrimp Slice POSTPAID "We were happy indeed to ANYWHERE From a bread slice, cut four large squares and spread generously with have played an important role AMERICAIN butter. Top each piece with one... in the painting, decorating

large shrimp and cover with a blanket of medium nippy cheese. Toast in and wall finishing of this truly

oven broiler until cheese is soft. Rebeautiful edifice."Millkindscracksof hardor grindsor softwheat,grains. cornGrindsand Vhall

move, garnish with sliced stuffed pounds of flour or cereal per minute.

olive or a cross of tomato ketchup, Alfred Mann... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

and serve while hot with garden conGeneral Supt. SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS

--somme. one Please send Wheat Mill. Inclosed is me Complete this food fare with hot order.) (check or $6.50 moneyroasted nuts heated in your oven, KLAAS BROS. Name.

and send your guests home, warmed Painting and Decorating Address in their hearts from their evening's City associations, and armed against the 2012 Hyperion Ave. State...

biting outside cold. Los Angeles, Calif.

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST * SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

THE NEW

Begin your home library of TEMPLE MOTEL Next to L.D.S. Temple IMPROVEMENT ERAS

10 Minutes from Beaches now Kitchenettes Available On Highway 66 Looseleaf binders $1.75 each

10675 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, Calif.

NOVEMBER 1955 867 The Church chose Carrier Absorption Getting Ready for Sunday

Refrigerating Machines for, its air by Verda Afae Christensen conditioning system "ost of us have known the pleasAs in scores of other of the ant satisfaction of Sundays when buildworld's outstanding shiny clean and the house was M'ings, Carrier ReAbsorption clothes ready special, were and when frigerating provide Machines the chilled water for the and shoes were shined and hair was

Temple's air conditioning clean and curled, when lawns were system. These Carrier mamowed and cars were washed, and

chines are quiet in operation, when the whole family went to light in weight, low in operchurch not once but twice. They

ating cost, and simple to were pleasant days, inspiring days, maintain because they have "Sun"days.

no major moving parts. They weren't any accident. They

CARRIER CORPORATION were pleasant and memorable beSyracuse, New York cause somebody planned them; somemother for worked body them—a

At the Temple, two of these CarDistrict Office: family, rest of the but the mostly,

Refrigerating rier Absorption Harbor 5330 are six days. whole Street too—the We actually chill water Machines Los Angeles of the six days to work with steam. commanded

week and to rest on the Sabbath. Our

surest way of not working, then, is

TWO INSPIRATIONAL BOOKS do.to seeWeto itwon'tthat bewe temptedhave no toworkwashto

FOR THE MISSIONARY the car if it is already clean and shiny, written by AUBREY J. PARKER, converted to scrub the floor if it has just been

Methodist Minister ENDIC0TT CHURCH FURNITURE done, or to mow the lawn if it is freshEntitled THE A.B.C. OF MORMONISM; and ly cut and trimmed. Happy is the

and THE MORMON MISSIONARY'S CUSHIONEZE PEWS family that cooperates with an eye

MESSAGE single to the values of Sunday.

up in the Put popular pocket size for If we aren't getting ready for Sunin carrying. convenience

Beautifully bound in green and gold. See It day successfully, it might be helpgift at any a fine These books NOTE: make in Before You Buy! ful for us to analyze our methods, time. to you, postpaid, Sent anywhere

the out how world for ONE DOLLAR FOR EACH Find

BOOK. Endicott's delivery our habits, our routine. Should we

stay dinner? simplify and installation Sunday Do we Address: service Write Today

you money Dept. night? Z-4 Might ELDER AUBREY J. PARKER saves out too late on Saturday

616 West Carrillo, Santa Barbara, California ENDICOTT CHURCH FURNITURE it be better to do the heavy cleaning

WINONA LAKE INDIANA some other day than Saturday or to have the big party on a Friday night, and make Saturday a free day for

We are proud to have participated checking clothes, fixing a few special dishes, and perusing our Sunday in the Temple construction School lesson? ABSCO, INC. When Sunday School starts at an

Santa Monica WELDING SUPPLIES early hour and children are very it often helps Mother if Dad * P & H Welders young,

Plumbing Supply Company * Heliarc Equipment soongets theas theychildrenget inup Sundayand beforebest heas "Everything for the Plumber"* Linde Oxygen leaves for priesthood meeting. It takes

EMMA A. HOFFMANN 2202 S. Garfield, Los Angeles quitechangesa onbit Sundayof timemorning,to makeandtwoif

929 Pico Blvd., Santa Monica, Cal. PHONES: Mother arranges some quiet play like

Telephones: S. M. 5-2704, 5-2784 TRinity 2244—RAymond 3-4765 puzzles or coloring books, the chil-

L.D.S. Milt Sims dren will usually stay thoroughly presentable until Sunday School time

arrives.

Our plans are all very well in in the theory, often bog but down we gift Qyuiem mwaiiksgmhG) Christmas For a 12time procrastiin; practice. sleep we We ALWAYS

CRISP - TENDER=: POPSTASTY=- of all of us plans best the nate; and THE ERA

run into trouble. Then it is that we

$2.50 $3.00 foreign TIME needples andto remembergovern ourselves.our correctWhichprinciis

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA more important—that we go with our

children to Sunday School or that we make the beds, do the breakfast dishes,and tidy up the house on Sunday HiVue periscope lets you morning; that our husbands go to

priesthood meeting or that they stay home to help us; that we prepare asumptuous Sunday dinner for the fambake without bending!

ily or that we ourselves have an intellectual and spiritual feast at stake another exclusive conference; that we visit relatives on

Sunday afternoon or that children who need naps be home and rested OkeefesMerritt and dressed and fed when the time for sacrament meeting comes; that we cooking miracle

impress our neighbors with our fine clothes or that we impress our children with our fine spirit? One Sunday morning I was provoked at my

threeyear-old son because he would not dress himself, a task of which he was thoroughly capable. I gave vent

to my aggravation by shoving him into his Sunday sweater. "Mommie,"

he remonstrated, "Heavenly Father wants us to love each other in our family."I had been more concerned

about the social discredit of being late.

We are told in the scriptures to seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. Some Sundays find us

seeking first the big dinner, the clean house, and the beautiful yard.

There are Sundays when, because we or our children are ill, we are unable to attend meetings. They

come frequently enough that we should allow ourselves no other excuse. Even then, does the mere fact

that we are compelled to stay home give us license to make that "stay home"day like any other work day?

We need to prepare for it, too. If we

cannot go to the house of the Lord in prayer, we can still arrange for a compensating amount of spiritual thought and study in the sanctuary of a home that is "ready for Sunwhile you're working! day."ets you Watch... Naturally, youll find *—nal* new only on a OVEN AFTER STORM range! console & MEBBITT Mqring Helen By ffl.VUEOWE

fpHE grass blades turn to fronds of frost

That glisten like a dream.

crossed, a path that magic Come, walk gleam. crystal branches Where nORTON SAIES CO.

silhouettes of trees trunks make The. SAUT LAKEOT

sear. are leaves Forgotten SOUTH

winter's frost debt 328 WEST pays But silver

With beauty for the year. representatives

OHfflslWPWH of twig silver and bough, maze A light. of tree is made Each Idaho, Wyoming and Nevada. awakes wonderworld God's from cold,,r Utah,

Wroughtsilver out of night.

NOVEMBER 1955 869 On the Boofcrack {Concluded from page 789) THE LIFE OF

FIRE this book Carter E. Grant has put In the results of a lifetime of Church LORENZO SNOW PROTECTION history and doctrine. As a leader of BY DR. THOMAS C. ROMNEY

years through for thirtyone youth Illustrated—Pages—Generously the New—500 twentyduring seminaries and principal His Suitable for Framing. Jacket Picture

five years of that time, he knows what Chosen Friends, the Saints! His Chosen

interests people as well as to present Home, the Tops of the Mountains! His

authentic material in a palatable way. Mission Field, the World!

He also has ferreted out some unknown the kingdom his study of facts that make ONLY $3.00 ONLY

signifiand peculiar importance of manner, dramatic in a cance. Written L.D.S. JENSONS ANDREW

prowill Restored of Kingdom God The ENCYCLOPEDIA BIOGRAPHICAL reading. of stimulating hours vide many Pioneer of KOLOB Provides Vol. 1—828 Pages—Hundreds

mateof the least important the Not Biographies and Indexed—Know Portraits—Coverage Complete

interpersonal the are rial includes Pioneers These Hardy Who Carved he About insurance to much how know Want

Desert. the From Your Civilization the gleaned from that has est he items... and the for your home need you

local Kolob Your right kind like his own, of pioneer to buy? families,

to the answers stock. ONLY $5.00 ONLY can furnish Agent bring lumps incidents poignant these These

questions you insurance may other and readers and make the throats of & the purto for every has policies have.

to try to measure to determine them stock comstrong by pose—Hebacked panies... and can assure you of the fortitude and faith of their ancestors. AFTER 100 YEARS

prompt, fair claim settlement. Consult A complete text, it includes in addiBY NANCY WILLIAMS

him today! tion invaluable maps and pictures The Story of Dr. Frederick G. Williams, to the Prophet Joseph—GENERAL INSURANCE 2nd Counselor A of the progress clear the make AGENCY which 200 Pages. Over LLOYD'S FACILITIES COMPLETE heartbreaktheir in Saints Latterday

ingly long trek across the entire country ONLY $1.50 ONLY

the of the United States—including Check Order Send ONLY. by Mail to Sold Battalion journey of the Mormon to S.U.P. the (Sons of Order or Money California and back to Utah.—M. C. J. Utah Pioneers) Memorial Foundation, 504

Frank Salisbury, Mgr. Walker Bank Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah.

330 JUDGE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY IF I WERE IN MY TEENS

(Improvement Era. Bookcraft Company,

Salt Lake City. 1955. 128 pp. $2.00.)

This is a symposium by twentytwo women, ten and twelve authors, men all or past present are memYou get most of whom bers of the MIA general boards, and who range in age from less than thirty Three to more than a hundred. These articles appeared first as a series in The Safety

Improvement Era, and are here asattractive volume. single in a sembled a score Availability that, where expect One would

THE TRUE ECONOMY of authors write on a single subject, a certain amount of sameness would be Earnings

OF LASTING SATISFACTION inevitable. Instead, although each

Leading churches all over chapter in this book deals with the Yes, when you save at old Reliable for the most get Federal, Deseret you to offer testimony motivations opportunities, America and ideals, safety,""Imme- "Insured money: your of long true the economy chosen examples the specific youth, of earnings."availability,""HIGHEST diate satisfaclasting service and that the diverse are so discussion for

in Bodiform tion, achieved as rather variety delightful is of effect one arfurniture, chancel pews, rate current is rebook The of monotony. than and chitectural woodwork, on

repetitiousness. free from markably chairs American by folding insured inread articles with be can These to Write Company. Seating savings or child anyone, benefit terest reby detail your and in about us

quirements. adult, who has an appreciation for good

DEPARTMENT 169-C reading of the heartwarming, faithpro- JOS. E. KJAl

AMERICAN SEATING COMPANY moting, inspirational type.—S. B. T,

World's Leader in Public Seating 901 Broadway N.W., Grand Rapids 2, Michigan DESERET

Mekhizedek Priesthood FEDERAL THIS! MISS DON'T & LOAN 857) SAVINGS {Continued from page too, for our You OFFER. wrote they are gladMany

your to $8,000.00 $6,000.00 canif qualified, make righteousness ASSOCIATION their continued inthrough bigger career, lifetime Enjoy goodfirst year.

those seekgiven of Preference security. offices, receive a fulness futurecome, to the end will

2 modern, part Also emphasis. Christian withing work even priesthood, of the particulars. full blessings and experience time. the State University today. N. 160Write Main 44 South

FREE. Plus"Booklet Provo City"Opportunity Salt Lake celeslife in the eternal or exaltation

Branch Offie* Office Home INC. RUDIN & COMPANY,JOHN subject this glory. of tial degree On 5, III. I. Chicago C-42 Dept. S. Wabash1018

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Prophet Joseph Smith also declared:

If a man gets a fulness of the Priesthood of God, he has to get it the same way thatJesus Christ obtained it, and that was by CANT BE ffrttos keeping all the commandments and obeying all the ordinances of the house of the BEAT FOR. A TRULY KR/SPLord.17

#ND TENDER President Joseph Fielding Smith explained how one may obtain a fulLUNCH ness of the priesthood. To quote:... if you want salvation in the fullest, BOX

that is exaltation in the kingdom of God, so that you may become his sons and his daughters, you have got to go to the temple of the Lord and receive these holy house, to thatordinances belong which elsewhere. cannot be hadwhich No man GOLDEN CHIPS OF CORN

shall receive fulness of eternity of exaltation alone; no one shall receive that blessingalone; but man and wife when they receive nrwn/iae

the sealing power in the temple of the Lord, k FOLDING shall pass on to exaltation and shall continue and be like the Lord and that is the QUALITY BANQUET of that isdestiny man, what the Lord de- * TABLES.., 18sires for his children. is Economy... If we want to receive the fulness of

the priesthood of God then we must receive the fulness of the ordinances of the house of 'Goods of the Woods"the Lord and keep his commandments. This

idea that we can put off our salvation because of some weakness of the flesh until the end and then our children will go and do this work for us in the temple of the will get TRUCKSLord us nodead we are when storingMONROE is for for Salvationwhere. those truck the dead Forthe wayTables modernFoldingtables easy,either handles

die of EachandConstruestorageChairs chairs.permits the gospel a without of knowledgewho No. TSCor Storage Transport Truckspace. tionin limited TS Truck No. is celestial asso far glory concerned and

those who have rejected the truth and who ChurchChurch UnitsPurchasingmay directDepartment,their inquiries47 toEastthe fought the truth, who would not have it, South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

are not destined to receive celestial glory. mcWlO THE COMPANY 19

249 STREET. COLFAX, IOWA CHURCH

Priesthood Quorums to Engage in

Temple Work MOVING?

E. K.WOOD LUMBER CO.

From the days of the Prophet 1010 W. Philadelphia St., Whittier, Cal. Don't miss your ERA:opies.

Joseph Smith, each of the presidents, OXford 4-7483 who in turn have held the keys of RETAIL YARDS: Sen d your old and new

the sealing power, have continuousThermal Van Nuys addresses to ly encouraged priesthood quorums Whittier Long Beach throughout the Church to participate Temple City Sierra Madre THE IMPROVEMENT ERA actively in temple work. It is not Pasadena San Pedro

only the privilege but also the duty 50 North Main St.

of every faithful priesthood holder to Salt Lake City, Utah go to the house of the Lord and have

Please allow 30 days for th s change his relatives sealed unto him, not only his wife and children but also BEEHIVE BOOK STORE his ancestors, that when they walk SouthernL.D.S. supplyCalifornia'sstore. Completeonly completestock of

through the gates of heaven all those Genealogy Supplies; Teaching Aids;

L.D.S. Salt Books; Lake Knit Garments; claim sealed have been have maywho for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS IN USE SupStorage Emergency Whole Wheat is vital in other. This eachupon

plies; Greeting Cards Hallmark of Canker, treatment simple in and Aids of of thatorder the kingdom members Gifts.

throat and other minor mouth—sore to Attention orders mail—Prompt to their exaltago forward mightGod

irritations. and throat "// have we don't in all things.tion and glory

will get it."it,we

27 East Valley Blvd. Phone AT 2-9245

CALIFORNIA ALHAMBRA, Smith, cited in Joseph Fielding Smith, 17Joseph HALL'S REMEDY 17. cit., p. op. Berenice Z. Gerrard, Manager CityUtah Salt Lake 1920. mhid., pp.

NOVEMBERIbid., p. 17. 1955 871

Mmr Page tmd0iM

Dear Editors: Fort Barry, California

A'long with my change of "army address"to "civilian address"I The Light Touch *'wish to take this opportunity to thank all of the wonderful people connected with the Era for such an outstanding magazine. Golf: A sport in which the ball usually lies poorly—but the

Era The to everything means It has me. brought me much player well.—Fireman's Fund Record closer to the Church years service. two I beof army during my

a of came the after member soon Church entering the army, and

I wouldn't outrageous. "Fifty dollars? That's Garage Owner: of it the most time has difficult been for to somewhat very be me

garage!"to Michelangelo price that paint pay my active in activities. Church Consequently, to I have had depend

it Painter: less, we'll picket for "If he does mostly for reading on study of the gospel. of the Church and my the place."'The Era has truly been my main "teacher."There is no maga-—Recorder

is that zine anywhere finer than Era. I'm sure The Improvement

Sleep is the best cure for worry, provided you do it instead. every the member of would Church agree with me.

May our Heavenly Father bless you always.—South Bend Tribune

Sincerely, /s/ Cpl. Dewey M. Pendleton Men who hang around waiting for something to turn up should

begin with their own sleeves.

Dear Sirs: West Jordan, Utah—Atlanta Constitution

enjoy every page of the Era each month; it seems as though *

* whatever my problem or need, the Era has some way of know- A boy sought a job at a drugstore and was asked his name by the ing just the right time and words to help. I especially love the pharmacist.

beautifully illustrated covers. Each seems to be a poem in itself. "Alexander Graham Bell."

Sincerely, "That's a pretty wellknown name, isn't it?"

/s/ Joanne B. Rose "It ought to be,"the boy replied. "I've been delivering groceries

Dear Editors, Hilo > Hawaii around this neighborhood for two years."—-Telephone Magazine

\ few months ago I received my first copy of The Improvement

Era, through the courtesy of Elder and Sister Chase, and I want to express how happy and thankful I am to be receiving such a wonderful magazine and my congratulations for the publication of such an inspiring magazine. It not only informs me of Los Angeles, California

the activities of the Church, but it is an inspiration for me to Dear Brother Curtis:

read the messages of the various leaders of the Church. C'omebody was kind enough to send 'me a copy of this magazine

the Lord in May continuing bless you this marvelous work and "Spiritualized article Scouting."the contained which My comsincere appreciation for efforts. your my is a fine treatise, indeed have to you! This and you pliments

Sincerely, handled it well. Congratulations!

/s/ Sumiko Nakao Believe it or not, this is the first time I have actually read a copy of The Improvement Era from cover to cover, including

Dear Editors: Yuma 'Arh:ona President McKay's "Concerning Faith,"the article on the new

to a Hukilau.""We're Swiss Going Temple, and to to able report issues be that happy ["am Improveof The my

is I the poetry particularly impressed (poetry with page a was * are difficulty. through Era coming with ment now no I have

all.) secret of passion read and any mine—I issues received April the expect and issue the shortly. and June May

left of the angel the regards ride Lord and Kind on your "May for efforts very your kind you those of much and Thank your

Father's business."about go your as you staff. far in goes helping so to Era a maintain The balshoulder steady

ance for those of us that are in the service. It has given me much Sincerely yours,

satisfaction and aid.... BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA

Sincerely yours, /s/ Don W. Moyer,

/s/ Zenith R. Baker, PFC Regional Scout Executive

TROOP #346 ATTAINS RECORD Boy Scout Troop #346 of the Tooele Eleventh Ward, Tooele (scoutmaster), Floyd Hyde, Jay Riding, David Barlow, Jerry Ed- (Utah) Stake has had one hundred percent in their advancement wards, Buddy Gibson.

programs for six consecutive months and have had a very high Back row: William A. Edwards (assistant scoutmaster), James

percentage of attendance at their regular weekly Scout meetings. Winchester (district commissioner), Veldon McBride, Ross

Seated in the photograph, left to right: Kem England, Roger Rydalch,England, DanJimmieMurray,McBride,RaeldonBrentPalmer,Curry,RobertRalphNash,Edwards,Richard BerryEngMurray, Gerald Rydalch, Dale Winchester, Clyde Tanner, Oran land (district commissioner), Ross Rydalch, Glen Sherwood (in-

G. Mueller (second counselor in the ward bishopric), Eldon Pugh stitutional representative—age group assistant, YMMIA).

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your children visit a new world each week

Each Thursday, teacher turns a knob and the class dramatic cast, choral groups and guest artists.

enters a new world—a world many are visiting for Standard provides Teacher's Manuals as program

the first time via the Standard School Broadcast. listening guides.

Since 1928, this program has introduced man's Goal of the School Broadcast is to help listeners musical heritage to Western children. Now playgain an absorbing new interest in music, and—

ing for its second generation, the Standard School through music—a broader knowledge and underBroadcast is probably the biggest "classroom"in standing of the world around them. We suggest

history. It has an audience of nearly 1,500,000 that you listen in at home to enjoy the world's

listeners throughout the West, Alaska and Hawaii best music and to gain one more link with your... students in 54,000 classrooms and adult listenchildrens'interests. TUNE IN every Thursday

ers at home. They hear a symphony orchestra, a... check newspapers for time and station.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

plans ahead to serve you better

NOVEMBER 1955 873 TRAVEL IN A LUXURIOUS

no ext fa

To discover how wonderful travel can be, take a trip on a smart, new Union

Pacific Domeliner. You'll be amazed

at the beauty and luxury built into these new Astra Dome cars. Large

picture windows and restful divan seats placed at an angle to provide allclear vision for each occupant...

double capacity air conditioning, for your allweather comfort... attractive upholstery and carpeting...

smart, colorful styling.

And there are many other advantages when you go Union Pacific wonderful dining car meals (a double treat on a thrilling new Dome Diner!)

... attractive lounge cars... comfortable Coach and Pullman accommodations... a generous baggage

allowance... and the thrifty family

travel plan, which saves you money.

Even a business trip becomes a pleasure trip, on a Domeliner!

i>:: v':'. ':

Your nearest Union Pacific Railroad Need a car? At your destination you

ticket agent will gladly help you can obtain a car for business or sightFOUR FABULOUS DOMHINERS:

plan your trip... tell you about seeing from Hertz Rent-A-Car service. 'City of Los Angeles"and "The Challenger"

the Family Travel Plan... reserve... between Los Angeles and Chicago

a Hertz car for you... arrange for UNION PACIFIC HONORS "City of Portland"between Portland and Chicago

your reservations and tickets. RAIL TRAVEL J'Cify of St. Louis"

Phone or visit him today! CREDIT CARDS.. between Los Angeles and St. Louis

S"Union Pacific Railroad 874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They're safer moving a mountain

Than you are moving a chair

Employees at the Bingham Mine are safer moving a Fourteen specialists are assigned to fulltime safety mountain to produce copper than the average person is work; 450 supervisors are responsible for safety as part of

doing household chores. Actually they're five times safer! their duties. But all of Utah Copper's 6300 employees have

assigned themselves to making the safety program work.

National Safety Council figures show one in 36 persons Their enthusiastic cooperation helps make it a success.

suffers a home accident each year. At the mine, men in

265 different jobs, which include drilling, blasting and Employees and their families benefit from the carehauling, have an accident rate of only one in 154. The fully engineered safety program at Utah Copper because

the family of a safe worker is more secure. Also they are

mills and refinery also have outstanding safety records.

relieved of the worry and suffering caused by accidents.

The company benefits because a safe worker is a steady

The 38year-old safety program at Utah Copper is the producer and a good safety record helps attract comperesult of sincere concern for the welfare of employees. tent workmen.

Every year it calls for careful planning and the expenditure of more than $100.,000. One equipment change now Employeemanagement teamwork at Utah Copper has

toeing made to insure greater safety will cost $500,000 produced a safety record which benefits all Utahns, bewhen completed. cause, in the long run, it helps maintain copper production.

Hollywood's NewestTV's Best...

"Kennecott Celebrity Copper gu>v Playhouse", Utah

KUTV, Channel 2, Division Copp on every Wednesday, 8 p.m.

'A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah'

NOVEMBER 1955 875 i/l/e were kappa to install

the water mains ana utilities for

the Jemple. l/l/e think tkeu wilt

last fcoreuer.

Sam B. Pearce

Pipe Line Contractor—We Appreciate Your Business—

Office and Yard 13801 So. Central Phone

Los Angeles 2, Calif. NEvada 6-2478 - 6-1507

(N1@W WORLD FAMOUS BELL& HOWELL 8mm MOVIE CAMERA and PROJECTOR WAS.-fton

$149.90, NOW ONLY *|ZVVU

Nothing Down—Only $1.75 Wk.

Take movies the easy See your movies best way with a BELL & with a BELL & HOWELL,

HOWELL, 220 WMshire. 500 watt Monterey. The

The Sun Dial sets the brightest, most compact camera automatically. 8mm projector on the

Now at the low price of market. It was $99.95

only... but now it's only...

Please send I Bell me the & Howell 8mm Movie

Camera and Projector for only $129. 90.

I $4995 $7995 Name Address City.... Zone State J

Offices i Lakein City,Ogden,Utah;Provo,IdahoLogan,Falls,Price,Idaho;Salt Enclosedmoney order.check or Charge to my account

Eugene, Oregon. COD. (Collect on Open new credit I

delivery) account 273 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

:A;:;N; SE N D TH IS COUPON:Q::|f$W$'tM

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE FILMOSOUND 202 projection makes it easy (and low cost) to add or change a sound track on any 16mm film. You just set the sound selector, record

directly on film and turn the knob a notch for immediate playback. Filmosound

features include stillpicture clutch, and reverse for repeating scenes.

Five ways to vitalize religious training...

i

HONORARY ACADEMY AWARD 1954 To Bell & Howell for 47 Years BELL & HOWELL JAN shines in audiContributions of Pioneering

Industry toriums, throws twice as many light units to the Motion Picture Bell Howell as a standard 1000watt, 25hour projector.

tdc schoolmate projector shows BELL & howell SPECIALIST tape tdc STEREOTONE tape recorder com- 2"x2"slides and single or doubleframe recorder has "Miracle 2000"sound system, bines portability with quality performance filmstrips. Blower cooled, 300 or 500 watts. Ideal for music appreciation classes. features—10"speaker, threemotor drive.

For full information, see your Bell & Howell audiovisual dealer, or write Bell & Howell, 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago 45, Illinois

NOVEMBER 1955 877 These

Quadruplet Calves had 1 chance in 10,000

For Survival

Quads occur once hi every 625,000 births. These Quads weighed less

than 50 lbs. ea. (30 lbs. under-

f for Holsfeins).

:.'-<,:j"% * J

Your young stock can profit from this toughest test for any calf feed program

Quads averaged 1.7 lbs. gain per day Here's how you can save on the

—on dry feed at 5 weeks of age Calf Manna -Suckle money saving program

It is evident that their feed and calf rearing was Actual tests with over 10 national and local calf responsible for their vigorous growth when these feed programs have proved you can raise excelquad calves needed it most. Albers Calf Rearing lent calves on the Carnation -Albers Program for

Plan has saved thousands of calves, but few with 19 to 21 dollars total feed cost to four months.

the handicap of these quads. We are proud to offer That's a saving of up to 9 dollars a calf over other

you this plan that has withstood the toughest test. leading brands.

Good big cows of any breed beat good little cows every time

Quads gained 500% in 5 months.

Watch the spring of rib and depth of body Calf Manna puts on your heifers. It takes as much time to put

the milker on a little cow as a big one, or to turn her out, or feed her.

Assure yourself bigger moneymaking cows of any breed with the Calf

MannaSuckle program.

Albers Milling Company 5045 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles 36, California

878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JOHN D

THE EXTRAQUALITY TRACTOR in the 5-Plow FIELD

It's a brandnew ultramodern John daily work output—that may even saveDeere Tractor with power* to plow a you the cost of a second tractor and Power Steering

sixfoot strip... to handle twentyone feet driver. In addition, the new Model "80"John Deere Power

offers Steering you fuel In economy. offers pull amazing you... to disk harrow doubleaction of

effort steering from freedom new it every in tests, way factory measured hydraulically up conof hookupsdouble

It's outanother driver fatigue. and reperformance carriers, to the championship cultivators, tool fieldtrolled available the feature on standing Diesel set drills. Deere other cacords Here's grain by John weeders, rod "80"Diesel. Model Nebraska. tested at Lincoln, Tractors increase greatly will your that pacity

*Factory tests show approximately 65 h.p. on the belt; 57 on the drawbar.

Here's big capacity shown in action below. It's the new

John Deere Model "80"Diesel disking a 21foot swath with the new Model "FW"Disk Harrow. With capacity

like this, your big jobs get done in a hurry at lower cost.

JOHN DEERE Molirte, III. Dept. G-50

Please send me free literature on the new John Deere Model "80"Diesel.

NOVEMBER 1955 879

Families agree on KSLTV

... and right now they all agree on the newest familyfun

television show, FUNTIME EXPRESS.

This program, seen on Channel 5 each weekday beginning at 3:30, features Ron Ross as Engineer Ron.

The wonderful model trains take viewers on track five to many fabulous places—from Cartoonville to Rocket Ridge.

Princess Make Believe is on hand each Tuesday afternoon, as well

So, for the best in afternoon family fun, watch

FUNTIME EXPRESS each weekday at 3:3.0.

LkrbCto

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Two watch chains, an antique key and a piece of ribbon. Put them all

together and you have an exciting

"Fashion Color Recipe"necklace.

..,jf

mx&voMu- &&JL "pn&hjvs cJIrSL ccdbiA at

April Yellow

Ball et Pink vSoft '"IV I

rViifim: Sofl Whitethe economy tissue with the softness

to match its soft, lovely colors! "\-**

Color in your home is just as imporFoalB Green tant as color in your dress. And ZEE

colors are so right for your bathroom... soft, soft as this fine quality,

economy tissue itself!

ifrsCrown Zellerbach Corporation

A BENEFICIAL AGENT GIVES "FRONT PORCH"INSURANCE COUNSEL -- ABOUT 1905.

}e/m mu...

Like today, the life insurance his counterpart of fifty agent years ago of the an important insurance, community. was he sold member he Our General Agents When

did so with the firm conviction that he was providing a very real benefit and protection for his policyholders. Clifford Westenskow,

Today's Beneficial Life agent is even better prepared to serve you. C. L. U., with eight

Many of our agents are Chartered Life Underwriters, which means that agents, serves the they have completed four years of rigorous professional training to achieve Western Washington the foremost designation in the profession. Many have taken special trainSeattle,territory Everett,that includesBreming in estate planning, pension trust insurance, and other highly specialized erton, Tacoma, and

insurance coverage. Beneficial Life agents have been carefully selected Port Orchard, from

and trained to give you the best kind of life insurance counseling. Then headquarters in Seattle.

as now they serve you the Beneficial way.

G. Vernon Ricks, C.L.U.

with ten agents, serves the 'territory of Northwestern Idaho andBENEFICIAL LIFE Eastern Oregon, including LaGrande, Weiser,

Baker, Vale, Ontario, ompanu and Nyssa in Oregon and Payette, Nampa, Caldwell, and Boise in David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah Idaho. Agency headquarters are in Boise.