- - The Y's WayGet a Superior Education

Brigham Young University is one of the great uniSTUDENTS SHOULD KEEP IN MIND - versities of the world. With 15,500 students it is the 1—Students seeking admission or readmission must

largest institution of higher learning in the Great submit applications with transcripts by Aug. 31, 1964.

Basin and one of the largest churchrelated universities 2—Entering freshmen and transfer students also

in the United States. Its students come from every should include the American College Test score with

state in the nation and 54 foreign countries because application if possible. In any case the test must be

there is "something special"at BYU. On this modern, taken BEFORE registration. Contact the University in

well equipped campus they receive academic, physical Provo or BYU Adult Education Centers in your area and spiritual education together in an ideal social for information.

climate. Standards are high but they pay off in the 3 New fees are scheduled to begin autumn semeslong run, for BYU students are in demand over the ter: full time students, Church members, $160 per

nation and are recognized for their balanced edusemester; full time students, nonmembers, $215 per

cation. semester.

BYU offers study in sixty departments of eleven colleges and confers the doctor's, master's and bachelor's degrees. Also available is a twoyear REMEMBER THESE DATES

certificate in the Technical Institute.

Get your education the Y's way. Plan NOW to Application deadline Aug. 31

attend. Write the University Relations Division for

information. New Student Orientation Sept. 1516

CUP AND MA[L New Student Registration....Sept. 17

Registration, all others Sept. 1819

TO: University Relations Division Classes begin Sept. 21

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me more information about BYU. I am especially interested in Brigham Young

NAME

ADDRESS UNIVERSITY CITY STATE PROVOUTAH

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

HYPODERMIC MICROSCOPE AIDS

IN TISSUE EXAMINATION A hypodermic microscope has been developed by Illinois Institute of

Technology Research Institute which makes possible examination of living tissue anywhere the needle is inserted without any scapel incision or removing tissue. The

microscope utilizes 10,000 tiny glass fibers to carry the light for observation and an equal number to carry the picture of 10,000 elements out to the rest of the microscope.

NEW KINDS OF MATERIALS

Research on linear polymers not containing carbon in their molecular backbones promises new kinds of materials. Linear chainlike giant

molecules of this inorganic type offer potential uses for the plastics industry. At present the only commercially available polymeric material of

this type is the siloxane ( "silicones"group, in which silicon and oxygen alternate. Under study are boronnitrogen, boronphosphorus chains. comTHE SWEETEST PARTNERSHIPA phosphorusnitrogen-chlorine

bination with metal chlorides has produced polymer oils which are stable up to temperatures of 1000 Delicious, fresh fruit is even more tastetempting degrees F. with U & I Sugar... and there's nothing like rich,

ripe fruit that is sweetened and preserved with sparkling, pure U & I Sugar. O0Of

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR CO./GEN'L OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AUGUST 1964 625 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for August 1964

Church Features

The Editor's Page: A Lesson in Faith, President David O. McKay 636

Your Question: Why Does Our Eternal Father Love Sinners?

President Joseph Fielding Smith 638

June Conference Addresses Be True, President David O. McKay 640

Anything Short of Your Full Potential Isn't Good Enough,

Delbert L. Stapley 640

The Church Moves On, 628; Melchizedek Priesthood, 676; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 678.

Mutual ImprovementSpecial Features Quorums,Associations,Official organ of the Priesthood Teaching, Music Home

Committee, Department of Education,

Hippolytus, the Apostolic Tradition, John A. Green 648 andChurchotherof agenciesJesus Christof Theof

People Are too Vital to Be Statistics, Nora Eddington 652 Latterday Saints.

Suggestions for the Beginning Teacher, F. LeGrande Magleby 656 ARTArt Direction:AND PHOTORalph CREDITSReynolds

Genealogy: Amazing Accomplishment of a TwelveYear-Old Genealogist... 658 636639 Photo:Art: AlbrechtRalph DurerClark

Service Information ChurchWhat about Your Other Preparation? Neil J. Flinders 660 6426489Photo: Norman Robinson plaque courtesy Marble

and Sons Co.

JohnsonThe Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans....663, 664,.666, 684, 688 MorrisCarved Elias by Stanley

652 Art: Dale Kilbourn

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 625; These Times: Some American History 6545656 Art:Art:TedTedNagataNagata

and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, G. Homer Durham, 630; Letters and Reports, 634. 676 Photo: Maurice Scanlon

678 Photo: Boyart Studio

680 Photos: Ruth Widmar

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor Model is Myrene Nixon

683 Art: Virginia Sargent

Twentyfour Hours a Day 680 689690 Art:Art: VirginiaTed NagataSargent

Bonus BabySitting, Beth M. Applegate 683 691 Photo:Models Lorinare MelissaWigginsYoung, Garff

Cannon The Era of Youth: Hang on to your Heritage 689 702692699Art: Photos:SiegfriedJoyWidmarSansom

The Last Word 704 All otherStudioart and photos: Ralph Reynolds

Stories, Poetry Information on reservations for housing accommodations while Listen to the Song of Israel, Nadine W. Larson 644 obtainedattending bythecontactingWorld's Fair may be

Ernest H. Wiemer,

Survival, Dorothy Perlman 654 LDS World's Fair Housing Center 8452 63rd Avenue Poetry 668, 670, 672, 682, 688 Rego Park,

New York 11379 THE COVER "Show the Way through MIA,"was the theme of the June 1964

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 monthMIA conference.was taken fromOur acoverpart thisof

the cover of the official conference illusphotographic The Editor; Editor; Associate O. L. Richard Green, andDavid Managing Managing Doyle Albert Marba

developed the was under Editorial Associates; McKayEditor; BeckiResearch Fillmore, Family Editor; FlorenceC. Josephson, Today's Carter MarionL. Zobell,D. Hanks,Jr., program.tration

of direction Editor; Editor; Direction: Associate Art R. Margaret Jackson, Studio. Era Youth Youth E.ElaineGrant,L. Evans,Cannon,DonnaEditors; RalphB.ReynoldsPinnock, Higgins,The Era ofThe of

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. first counselor in the Young Women's

Smith,G. Carlos

Director; Thayer Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Mutualgeneral Improvementpresidency. ForAssociationguidance

to in to the turn "Show how Way"rights AllCopyright Saints. of of published Funds, 1964 Christ of Associations the Mutual by Latterday and by Improvement Mutual Church The the addresses of page 640 and

reserved. Subscription the price, to year, in year, $3.00 aInc., year $2.50 succeedingJesus a $5.75; advance; $8.25; subscriptions, added multiple 2 years, 3 years, each Elder President and O. David McKay price.three year

of Stapley L. Council the Delbert Salt section act Post at the Office, of in for 1103, City,Entered special rate matter. at mailing postage as secondclass for provided Lake Utah Acceptance

highlights the of which Twelve wereof 1917, authorized 2, October 1918. July

sessions of the general of the of rate the responsible is not Improvement for atThe unsolicited for Era are paid manuscripts Manuscripts acceptance contributions. on but welcomes

a conference. sufficient for word must be accompanied delivery and postage return. 2c June by and

notice days'Thirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TREASURES LIFETIME NEW, LARGE PRINT, ILLUSTRATED EDITIONS OF THE STANDARD WORKS

. NEWIllustrated LargeTESTAMENTPrint Edition

B The King James Version in large, easyto-read type! I A big 7"x 11"volume with full color lithographed cover! I Fortyeight pages of full color

illustrations including 15 reproductions of famous

Carl Bloch "Life of Jesus"paintings! Eight pages

of Hammond's New Testament maps! I Full Bible

Concordance (Old and New Testaments)! Full

Bible Index! Plus many additional helps including

"From the beginning of the Gospel Record,""Some

Old Testament Prophecies,""From Malachi to.

Matthew,""Jewish Sects and their Beliefs,""Items of Information Concerning the Bible,"and others.

$3.95

2. Illustrated Large Print Edition

OLD TESTAMENT I Large 7"x 11"volume with easyto-read print!

More than thirty pages of illustrations in full color and sepiatone! Eight pages of Old Testament maps!

Reader's helps include "Old Testament Chronology,""The Ancient Versions of the Old Testament,""Hebrew Festivals,""Weights, Money, and

Measures,"and "The Languages of the Bible."

$5.95

3. Illustrated Large Print Edition

BOOK OF MORMON I Large 7"x 11"volume with easyto-read type!

Forty pages of beautiful color illustrations!

Twelve full color plates of Arnold Friberg Book of Mormon paintings! Sepiatone portrait of the

Prophet Joseph Smith!

$3.95

COME IN OR ORDER NOW

n—ifff—FOR PROMPTMm mDELIVERYmm imiiumnnmimii

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following books I have circled: 12 3 4.

I have an account, please Enclosed please find money order Q check [ ] charge. [

P AMHfcwet COM Y Book 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AT MALL Amount enclosed $ COTTONWOOD AND

CITY SALT LAKE Name BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Address City Zip—.State

Residents of Utah Include 3W%> sales tax. iRA w>a'4

.

WMsWiii

'W AIR The Church Moves CONDITION one room or your whole house On

ELECTRICALLY the proven way I >:*$:&:::::::::!:& MAY 1964

Whichever way you air Corpus Christi Stake formed from parts of San Antonio condition electrically, you'll (Texas) Stake with Elder Clarence Cottam sustained as enjoy these and many other president and Elders William C. Ghormley and Melvin E. Call as

advantages: counselors. The stake, the 398th now functioning, was created

Feel "Fresh as a Daisy".. under the direction of Elders Marion G. Romney and Howard W.

Rest Better... Sleep Better Hunter of the Council of the Twelve. Church work in Texas

... Enjoy Filtered air. began when William S. Steffey went to Texas on business and

was ordained an elder and appointed to preach there. This was

Now: New low rates for October 29, 1843.

electricity for air conditioning Elder Roy E. Harris, Jr., sustained as first counselor to Presior space heating in total electric dent Roland C. Bremer of San Antonio Stake, succeeding Elder

homes. Clarence Cottam, now president of Corpus Christi Stake. Elder

Douglas D. Van Buren is second counselor in San Antonio Stake.

If it's electric, Elder Delmont Hayes sustained as president of Bountiful it's better! South (Utah) Stake, succeeding President Ward C. Holbrook.

Elders Sterling E. Beesley and Jay R. Bingham sustained as counUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. selors. President Hayes and Elder Beesley were counselors to President Holbrook. Typical of many church leaders, President

Holbrook has, with the exception of two years, been in church service since 1921 when he was sustained as a ward Sunday School

You don't superintendent; he served for thirteen years in a bishopric, then

council. high in the the as a Called then MIA, and came sendee have to go in president a stake 1945, he presidency of a stake became member

round in in 1952, and as the stake was divided in 1958, became president of Bountiful South Stake at that time.

circles Beginning with the conferences this weekend, members of the general boards of the Mutuals and the Sunday School are accompanying the General Authorities to the stakes. Members of committees representing the Home Teaching and the missionary work

will alternate in the stakes for the third or fourth quarterly conference. Earlier this year members of the Relief Society and the

Primary boards accompanied the brethren, with members of the committees genealogical alternating with them at and welfare—- sprinkler Bird BlackThe new conference. quarterly first or second partthe Bird a small adjustsby Rain from

(20)circle a fullcircle to almost (340). adjust the You can coverage JUNE 1964

from 15 feet to 40 feet (at 40 lbs. water

pressure). Both adjustments can be The appointment of Elder Bryan L. Bunker as second counmade while the Black Bird is operating. selor to President Howard S. McDonald of the Salt Lake

Designed for many years of service by Temple was announced. He succeeds Elder G. Eugene England

the leading irrigation equipment spewho was recently called as president of the London Temple.

cialists, the Black Bird can be defor gentle, on precise watering.pended functioning, Stake, organized from Modesto was 399th now puddles! no screenAnd A builtin (California) of preparts President Stake with San Joaquin sprinkler anythingvents the clogging

nozzle. Comes on a smart, compact, Clifton A. Rooker who presided in San Joaquin sustained as presiadjustable folding base. Both the dent of the new unit. Elder Ralph E. Carpenter, first counselor in

sprinkler and the base can be purthe old stake, was sustained in that position. Elder D. Leon Ward

chased separately. Examine the Black was sustained as second counselor. The organization was effected

Bird at your garden supply center or by Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve and

write for catalog 64 H. Rain Bird SprinElder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the Twelve. At the close of the

kler Mfg. Corp., Box 37, Glendora, Calif. centennial year of the Church, 1930, Modesto was one of thirtythree mission branches functioning (Continued on page 674)

RainSPRINKLERSBird, THE CHOICE OF PROFESSIONALS 628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iJiLzJ A TRULY GREAT nui The MORMON STORY is a book that belongs in every LDS home. It helps every member to be a missionary as urged

by President McKay.

The MORMON STORY has a thousand uses: as a silent

missionary in your home or place of business, as a powerful tool for missionaries, in presenting the gospel to your friends and neighbors, in explaining the Church to children, in helping to reactivate members, and in many other ways.

Newly revised with color added to

Gospel every page, the MORMON STORY is

Kingdom now available in six languages:

English, Spanish, French, Norwegian,

Finnish and German. Send one to

the missionaries in your family for and keep one your use. own 3 THE Taylor GOSPEL John by KINGDOM PROPHETS, 5 PRINCIPLES NATIONAL AND

of print this sinceOut is religious giant 1947, now L. Jerreld SURVIVAL by Newquist

available. J. edited and Compiled by Homer Read what Presidents of the Church and other

of President ArizonaDurham, University, State THE General Authorities said have about timely such ORDER FROM DEALER NEAREST YOUR FROM OR BOOKCRAFT is writup from selectedGOSPEL KINGDOM made subjects as the life, communism, of American way of discourses ings Taylor. and John THE GOSPEL the of danger creeping socialism, the stjtus of

is 1 in actually 6 covering booksKINGDOM such in last the government days, and other many BOOKCRAFT basic Philosophy; subjects as LDS The Gospel questions issues and which face the nation now 1 2 City, Salt Main, South Lake Utah 1186 Priesthood,Message; of The Government and God; and the world. is This outstanding filled new book (specify language)

ofThe God. Kingdom with prophetic will that statements a give you circled Please the following send books

perfect for reading. bookA greater summer of in understanding the troubled times 3 4 5 6 or order for I enclose check which money which live. we $3.75

$4.95 for $

4 HISTORY OF UTAH Hubert Bancroft 6 IF by Howe T. Allred by Gordon A MAN DIE

original edition, 1889Reprinted from the this This interesting takes book you from premortal NAME outstanding book is the most comprehensive life through death and into the spirit world, history ever of early Utah written. Considered beautifully by and comfortingly explaining the evenADDRESS

most authorities tuality the foremost to be writer of Utah we know as death. Punctuated throughout

history, objectively Mr. Bancroft and leading by quotations comprehenfrom authorities, church this

sively covers the period tc several 1886. This book from 1540 also has complete the CITY STATE..ZIP. sermons on

book contains better than 800 pages of fascinasubject of death—including one by the prophet

ting and factual reading. Joseph Smith. 8/64

$10.00 $3.50

AUGUST 1964 629 FILMS DEVELOPED AND PRINTED per roil For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B A W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING Some KODACOLOR 8-Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

Dev.1 2-Exposureand PrintingRoll $3.00 perroll American

Color Reprints 20< each COLOR SLIDES 135 mm Color Slides. per History and the

20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll

135 mm Color Slides per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roll $ 1.35 roll Civil Rights Act

THESE TIMESGENEALOGY PHOTOS

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS of 1964

of NEGATIVE, 4c each Send coin only - no CO.D.'s

MoneyBack Guarantee In the presidential election of 1844, who writes and speaks, is filled with

of of these for the office. ran persons are sent leader Most As bySAM'S Joseph Smith the Mormon Prophet, pamphlets and communications. PHOTO LABUtah or groups minority, the P. O. Box 11 1 5 Dept. as to think AA Salt Lake City, a persecuted Prophet who want me

had appealed to Washington; he they think, to adopt an interpretation

spent the winter of 183839 in of history that often constitutes a

Washington, DC, seeking to infludredging up of opinion, weak, secChoristers Attention Presidentence Senators,in Congressmen,behalf of Mormonand the andondary,whichor neglectsselfregardingthe broadsources,docuWARD CHOIR SUGGESTIONS claims and interests; and from this mentary record. In such a position,

experience, when the Prophet himthis writer has always been grateful

Beautiful Zion For Me self decided to run for the Presifor a reading acquaintance, which

Cornwall 20 dency, the plank with respect to began shortly after the age of four,

Beside Still Waters 25 that redress of "all wrongs"was part augmented with four years of hisCome Come Ye Saintsof his platform. One month and tory in high school and a college

Cornwall ---. 20 ten days later, he was assassinated. major in American history, with

basic sent to Messengers American documents. After had been WashGospel Is Power Of God 25

I college, his for to ington was privileged appeal to pursue by him

Pass Again I Shall Not civil rights. studies the to advanced His appeal in American govThis Way 25 judicial and executive authority of ernment which have continued—with

Joseph Smith's First Prayer.... 25 the state of Illinois had proved to the documents—ever since.

Lord Bless You and Keep You.. 25 be fruitless. One needs always to get back to

Lord, Teach Me How To Pray.. 20 In these times of the later twensource material, not to accept what

gospel, is in John's Address.O My Father—Gates arr. 30 tiethtive oncentury,other canaspectswe gainof Americanperspecsomebodyor in Lincoln's"says"Gettysburg

Onward Christian Soldiers.... 30 national history? History is not One must get out John's gospel or

Story of OldParks 22 what people think. Indeed, the the Gettysburg Address (in as faithStill Still With TheeShelley.... 25 past can hardly be recaptured and ful a document as available) and

Sing Unto God Collection 1.00 completely understood. Neverthesee what was actually said. ObWorship Him In Song 1.00 less, actual documents of original viously, it is more possible to read

nature, containing sworn statements what Lincoln said than the Apostle

Music sent on approval and official acts and expressions, are John. No autograph of John has

For All Your Musical Needs Write perhaps nearer the truth than somesurvived. And although there are

one's ipse dixit, as President John several documentary versions of the

Taylor often said. The perversion Gettysburg Address, it is possible to

of history by selfish interests is a read what Lincoln said, and not daily occurrence. My daily mail take anyone else's ipse dixit for it.

as a university president, as one Every citizen and every reader Music Co bag

Box 2009 Idaho Falls, Idaho

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hillcrest High School, Salt Lake City. Architects, Bruce J. McDermott and Associates; General Contracto

Christiansen Brothers Inc.; Masonry Contractor, H.L. Ashton and Sons.

First choice for fine schoolsGladding, McBean Face Brick

Woodstock Elementary School, Salt Lake City. Architects, Cannon and Mullen; General Contractor,

Johannessen Construction Co.; Masonry Contractor, H.L. Ashton and Sons.

Many factors have made face brick the traditional wall As municipalities throughout the West have dismaterial for fine schools. It has textural beauty and a covered, it pays to specify Gladding, McBean Face

substantial look of which students, faculty, and the Brick. Precision manufacturing with steel dies assures

community can be proud. Winter warmth and summer brick that always lays and looks the way it should. And

coolness mean more comfortable classrooms in which INTERPACE offers a wide range of shapes, sizes, colors better work is done. Minimum maintenance treats budand textures, always competitively priced.

gets tenderly, frees funds for directly educational use.

The photos show two Salt Lake City schools built with HillBrick. Gladding, of Face the Walls McBean FACE BRICKcrest face. are High School (above) matt Rose Cameo

For the Woodstock Elementary School (below), Old A Gladding, McBean building product by!

faceGold used in smooth original construction. was TERPACE is being used in currentMore remodeling PIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATION: by General ka IN"INTERNATIONAL

Contractor W. J. Dean Sons and Masonry Contractor LOS ANGELEs/sAN FRANCISCo/pORTLANd/sEATTLe/sPOKANE

Mullinger and Klungervick. SALT LAKE CITY / PHOENIX / DENVER /SAN DIEGO /SACRAMENTO

AUGUST 1964 631 will not find it possible to go to the ment for a family library. twothirds'rule, in the selection of

basic sources. But the average For those who may not have the Democratic nominees for the Presicitizen should recognize that docutext of the proclamation n< u'by, may dency and since 1948, the struggle

ments exist and that there are re- I quote a few things. The contents in each major party platform over

liable men and women who refresh may surprise some. But then, the civil rights, the practice of presitheir understanding at these sources truer history always deals in surdential electors in some Southern

continuously and that the same prises because things are not and states since 1948 not to cast ballots sources are available to others. In were not as we may have been for the regular nominees of the

this regard it is noteworthy that bepersuaded. Democratic party, have all played

ginning in 1902, President Joseph F. An emancipation proclamation a part. The Thirteenth AmendSmith authorized the publication of was first issued by President Linment to the Constitution, passed by

a documentary history of The coln on September 22, 1862. It was Congress February 1, 1865, and ratiChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterextended and formalized in a second fied December 18, 1865, prohibited

day Saints, compiled and edited by document January 1, 1863. It is slavery and involuntary servitude.

B. H. Roberts of the Church Hisfound in volume twelve of the But in the political sense, the retorian's Office. Seven volumes were United States Statutes at Large, liance of the freed men is on the

printed. They cover the entire page 1,268. "executive government of the United

range of documents to about 1847. It must be remembered that the States."This began with Lincoln

It is virtually complete. A few perproclamation was and is an Execuand has continued, with varying

functory orders issued by Joseph tive Order. An Executive Order, degrees, with each President of the

Smith as LieutenantGeneral of the under the American system of govUnited States since Lincoln.

Nauvoo Legion, represent the few ernment, has the weight of law, Lincoln on January 1, 1863 enavailable authentic documents not always has had the weight of joined "upon the people so declared included. Otherwise, the great body law, and has the power and authority to be free to abstain from all vioof materials found in the Church of the executive branch of the govlence, unless in necessary selfHistorian's Office have been faithernment behind it. This all began defense; and I recommend to them

fully reproduced. These seven volwith George Washington as Presithat, in all cases when allowed,

umes are a marvelous source book dent. An elementary fact about they labor faithfully for reasonable

for the study of American as well as American government is not always wages."The President continued:

LDS church history. They have understood nor appreciated. Con- "And I further declare and make

never been fully plumbed to their gress is not the only lawmaking known that such persons of suitable depth by scholarship. organ under the Constitution of the condition will be received into the

As background to the Civil Rights United States. It is the legislative armed service of the United States

Act of 1964, it is interesting to relaw-making organ. The executive to garrison forts, positions, stations,

call Lincoln's Emancipation Proclaand judicial branches of the governand other places, and to man vessels mation. Every American can say ment are also lawmaking organs, so of all sorts in said service."

the words: "Emancipation Proclamadesigned by the Constitution in the Some of these lines make intertion."Very few people other than light and experience of history. esting reading after a century. But

college professors and students of In the order issued September 22, more poignant perhaps, to all races

American history and government 1862, the President of the United alike, is Lincoln's paragraph:

have ever read the document. Few, States said that on January 1, 1863, "And upon this act, sincerely betherefore, can recall what President "... all persons held as slaves within lieved to be an act of justice, warAbraham Lincoln really said. In any State or designated part of a ranted by the Constitution upon

the summer of 1964, it is quite posState... shall be then, thenceformilitary necessity, I invoke the consible that if Lincoln were alive and ward, and forever free; and the siderate judgment of mankind and

were to incorporate the same docexecutive government of the United the gracious favor of Almighty God."

trines with respect to the authority States, including the military and (Italics added.)

and responsibility of the federal naval authority thereof, will recogIntervention by the government government, he would be subject nize and maintain the freedom of of the United States, to extend the to more bitter attacks than a censuch persons and will do no act or due processes and substantive rights tury ago. What did Lincoln say in acts to repress such persons, or any of civil liberty, may be said to have

the Emancipation Proclamation? of them, in any efforts they make begun in the administration of

Readers are advised to read it for for their actual freedom."(Italics George Washington. Intervention

themselves. Basic documents of added.) under Washington was largely along

American and other history can be This commitment of the "execueconomic lines, indicated and sponpurchased in paperback editions for tive government of the United sored by Alexander Hamilton's polithe same price as a sensational deStates,"has never been withdrawn. cies. The Emancipation Proclamatective novel. Inexpensive compilaThere has been a struggle in the tion wiped out millions of dollars

tions are available at the counters of elections of Presidents of the United in property values with a presidrugstores, airline terminals. Works States ever since the election of dential order. The national governof thoroughgoing editorial scrutiny 1864 to choose candidates and nomiment was confronted with the

and excellence that have stood the nees who would accord due weight problems of whiskey distillers, slavetest of time, such as H. S. Comto this policy. Sectionalism, the holders, manufacturers, commercial

mager's Documents of American seniority rule in succession to conbankers, and other economic groups

History are also available and congressional committees, until 1936 the the day the Constitution went into stitute a sound, permanent investSouthern states'veto, through the (Continued on page 687)

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They chose the Theby Hammond'snew G-100'sexpandedsound ToneWheelis generated newest system.The unique system that incorporates

the rich, full ensemble of the pipe organ with all its interaction of manyHammond Organ voices. The unique system that profor their ducesthan alla others.deeper,Themoreuniquemajesticsystem tonethat

can save of tune and go out cannot substantial maintenance church new sanctuary your costs year after year.

Certainly, you'll want to learn more about the new Hammond Organ Model G-100. Its authenticity, its

C-100 shown is custom finish to match church debeauty and grace, its magnificent tone cor. Standard finish is walnut. invite the most critical comparison.

And we invite you to make it. Send in

They listened to the magnificent this coupon for a booklet containing voice of the new Hammond Organ the stop list and other specifications.

Model G-100. They looked over its

beautiful, authentic console. They Hammond Organ Company

decided that this was the organ for the 4212 W. Diversey Ave., Chicago, III. 60639

new South Park Church Sanctuary in Please send all available literature on the

Park Ridge, Illinois. new G-100 Hammond Organ.

The antiphonal organ chamber was Name installed in the rear of the church. And

Hammond Organ G-100 serial number Churchone was installed. Address.

Organ Model Hammond The new mechanically is designed, and City State-.... G-100

tonally, to operate just like a pipe THE ONE AND ONLY organ. The console is authentic in every HAMMOND

detail. There is no unification or borstops speaking rowing. are 50 There

MUSIC'S GLORIOUS VOICE ORGANMOST for interindividual voices to provide ALSO MAKERS PIANO OF THE HAMMOND preting all schools of organ composi- D: 964 HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY

tion.

AUGUST 1964 633 Letters and Reports

BAKERSFIELD EXPLORERS HOLD CANADIAN SCOUTS REACH OLYMPICS iw i: QUEEN RANK

The Winter Olympics were held acrpss an Nearly onehalf of the members of an ocean in Innsbruck, Austria, but Explorers Alberta Boy Scout troop received their of the Bakersfield Stake gathered in Queen rank (equivalent to the Eagle rank)

Bakersfield, California, for their own at the same time recently.

Spring Olympics. They held interward The Scouts were members of the Grassy

competition in skills ranging from swimLake First Troop, Grassy Lake Ward, ming to horseshoes to physical conditionTaber Stake. Six of the thirteen troop

ing tests to a rope climb and an obstacle members received the Queen Scout Certificourse. cate from Alberta Lt. Gov. J. Percy Page.

In Olympic tradition, first place winners At the same time, the troop received received a gold medal; second place, a the Wes Jensen Challenge Trophy for outthird place, a bronze silver medal; and

the Receiving AthFATHER, SONS EARN EAGLES standing1963. Thecampingboys campedin theoutdistrictin Novemberduring "Outstanding medal.

they nights so and Friday on December Explorer lete"trophy was award Elmer like like like son, son, father, son—Like start early a could Saturday morning on Bakersfield with Scott, Second Ward, 6iy2

is story of the the that famBanks George project service of fencing a community points.

ily in Ward, Parowan Second Parowan picnic of area north Lake. Grassy directed P. They Bruce meet was by The Stake. (Utah) are led Scoutmaster Lloyd Woodruff. D. Hill, by releader stake Explorer was who his sons, Carl, of and George Father two

1. r., front to row, Scouts, are superinstake Queencently appointed YMMIA all received Eagle Jr., 20, 17, and George

Morris, Colin Woodruff, Bruce Williamtendent. in younger 1961. Scout awards July Now Scoutmaster Woodruff. Redd, Lloyd Back of lifted Eagles the has number Ramon

r., to row, Harold Brown, David Woodfour. in to the house

ruff, Torrie. and Harold Brown 1.Wayne WINMOTHERS. DAUGHTERS Jr. both have Carl George won and

AWARDS Duty to God awards and George Jr. is David Woodruff also have their Duty to

serving a Central German Mission. God Awards.

Following jn the footsteps of their daughters three are Fourth Ward, Midvale MidGRATEFUL FOR YOUTH SECTION Stake, vale leaders. (Utah) Each YWMIA

of individual these earned an women

I to feel I express write you and must my of daughters her along with twoaward for of sincere gratitude the to Era you year. the 196263during MIA for personally, Section. few As Youth me 1. to r., are Mothers, Waters, Geneal Mia

this. as things as Unhelp much me leader, year Barbara award; secondMaid

felt to a I read times have need countable f*e*W& leader, year Newbold, Laurel second award; Leone Jensen, secretary, fifth year certain Era of Youth. Sure enough, every

award. time it contains the counsel I had been

Their daughters, 1. to r., are Carole and seeking. Many, many times have I laid

ReNee Waters, fourth and second year down this magazine feeling so touched that awards; Judy and Sharon Newbold, sixth I am to a certain extent a changed person.

and fourth year awards; Dianne and MariSylvia Pehrsson

lyn Jensen, seventh and fifth year awards. Whittier, California

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Plan now for your trip to Europe

CHURCH MEMBER REACHES CENTURY MARK For free facts about a sea trip

One hundred years of living—88 years in

Church positions—68 years as a Relief Society visiting six children—teacher—and.

these accomplishments are the of Mary on the giant Cunard Queens

Adelia "Mary Dell"Felt Young.

in Salt born 1864, was She May 19, mail coupon below. City, to Nathaniel andLake Henry Mary

Louise Pile Felt, English converts who had emigrated in 1856. On December 8,

1884, she was married to Joseph Orvai Crossing to Europe on the

Young, a son of President Brigham Young, world's largest superliners, in the Salt Lake Endowment House. the Queen Elizabeth or the

served in Primary, Mrs. has SunYoung

since Relief School, Society she Queen Mary, you have five preciousday and was 12 years cjd. She has been in two days to relax, get in some exercise

Relief Society presidencies, once serving and get to know interesting people.

as president. She is still active in DaughYou enjoy superb international meals

ters Pioneers. of Utah

of her six children are living. and courteous British service. Read Three

on, and mail coupon today.

WORDS MAKE PROPHET passengersLast yearacrossCunardthe Atlanticcarried morethanBECOME REAL any other shipping line. Most travThe "Portrait of a Prophet"in the Decemeled on those noble ocean giants,

ber 1963 Era of Youth section was very the Queen Elizabeth and the Queen helpful in making the Prophet Joseph Mary. And for good reasons.

Smith a real person to me. I am a convert of ten and onehalf years and a First off, these liners are British.

regular reader of the church publications. Thus you are assured of inborn seaforce- the particularly impressed with I am of care tender the and manship

ful truths in gospel the of the which way is service an honstewards to whom youth. to presented are our being With R.M.S. Queen Mary, 81,237 tons

so many means being utilized these days orable word.

it is their attention, to hold world theby offer the Queens York: is New From Cunard passenone how Here

to to the see a constant challenge Church to France service express British it: weekly typical "The ger puts that truths real are matter the held which

constantly in front of them where they steward takes a positive (and wholly and England. You can also sail from

cannot be overlooked or forgotten. Thank admirable) pride in the excellence New York to Ireland, England, or

job, for espe- a wonderful doing suchyou to Ireor the Mauretania on France in adding accomof his work and cially in youth. behalf of the The Sylvania. on the proEngland land and accomplishment, to vivid plishment of his physias to both picture the Prophet,

cal appearance and inward qualities, fessionally."Many of these stewards From Canada: take advantage of

long should everyone remembered by be from come Cunard's Carinthia, rates aboard families with generations low of issue that particular readswho service. the Era in sailing Cunard and Franconia, Carmania of Youth.

Sincerely, Strike up friendships from Montreal and Quebec to Irish, ports. Dutch Dorothy F. Reynolds and French on English, of sea travel advantage Alexandria, Virginia Another a has Cruises: Cunard Cunard to meet is the chance the Queens

and get to know interesting people. cruise to fit your budget and your

JEWISH CONVERT WRITES FROM On the world's largest superliners, schedule: To the West Indies, 5 to

MISSION lasting friendships spring up easily. 20 days; to the Mediterranean, 31 to

I should like to thank you very much for This is why Cunard passengers 56 days; to the North Cape, 45 days;

the inspiration of your magazine. I am a agree; "Getting there is half the fun."around the world, 95 days.

recent convert to the the Church from

For full details, see your travel agent and mail the coupon below. faith. Your Jewish wonderful magazine

helped give me the convictions needed to maintain my new faith.—

Sincerely, r Please send me details, including 4-color brochure on: INLINE Elder Allen Getz

Southern Far East 1. Cunard travel to Europe. I am interested in sailing RUN0 Mission

First Class, Cabin.Tourist

Indies Cruises: to the West CunardTERRY NELSON WINS MEDALLION 2.

, to the North Cape—,, to the MediterraneanAWARD

around the world Terry Nelson set an example for MIA girls in the Tucson (Arizona) Stake recently, when she was the first girl in the Name- (PLEASE PRINT PLAINLY) stake to receive the gold medallion award for seven years of individual awards. AddressTerry attends the University of Arizona,

of she is secretarywhere the University on her City -Zone- -Stateworking She isWard YWMIA.

Golden Gleaner award.

The name of my travel agent isMail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307.

AUGUST 1964 635 The first lesson of faith in God as our Father was taught to me as I knelt in prayer in early childhood at my mother's knee. She told me that our Father

in heaven would hear and answer a little boy's prayer as readily and as willingly as parents would grant their child's request. Implicitly I believed what she

said; and in praying, always asked the Lord for blessings just as I would ask my earthly father for any

favor. I knew nothing about the abstract principle

of faith, yet I had true and abiding faith that God would hear and answer prayer. In sickness, the administration of the elders I accepted as an absolute

cure; for example, when Bishop Francis A. Hammond

once administered to me during a severe attack of croup, I was immediately relieved. I distinctly remember the strong assurance that filled my mind as

Bishop Hammond blessed me and rebuked the pain.

There was no other thought but that I should be better, and I was from that moment.

THE EDITORS PAGE It was with just this same faith that I sought the

BY PRESIDENT Lord in special prayer one night when suffering

DAVID O. MCKAY from intense fear, as the result of an overwrought

imagination.

At that time, when father was away from home, mother, before she retired, never failed to look for burglars or other intruders under the bed. Noticing

this repeatedly, I began to fear the presence of burglars as almost a reality, and I should not have been surprised any night if she had discovered a burglar or two lurking either under the bed or in a closet. Frequently, after the lights were out, in

imagination I could hear footsteps stealing near the

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA window and not only heard burglars but also This night the thought came that if this was imaginadreamed burglars. tion, I ought to overcome it; if reality, we surely

One night, when I was between six and seven years needed protection.

of age, I dreamed that two burglars attacked mama True to mother's training and the natural yearning and the baby, and when I tried to give the alarm, one of my soul, I sought the Lord in prayer. To me there

of them shot me in the back. Every detail of that was only one way to pray and that was to kneel at

nightmare I remember to this day. the bedside. It was no small effort to get out of bed

These experiences and others combined to make and kneel in the dark, but I did it, and prayed as some of my nights almost unendurable. My imaginanever before for God's comfort and protection. Just

tive notions of the probability of our being harmed as I said "Amen,"I heard a voice say as distinctly while mother and the little ones were without father's as I ever heard a voice in my life, "Don't be afraid, protection tyrannized over my childish reason and nothing will hurt you."Immediately all fear left me.

wrought my feelings to a tension that was hard to I felt comforted at once and crept back to bed to bear. As more mature years came, I often felt sweet and peaceful sleep. I acknowledged the voice

thankful that my parents had chosen my books with then as the voice of the Lord, answering an earnest care and that at that age I knew nothing about the petition of one of his boys in distress, and as such bloodcurdling stories of the cheap novel. Someone I acknowledge it today.

has said that "many have no happier moments than Subsequently, when those boyish fears began to those which they pass in solitude, abandoned to their arise, I would immediately recall that comforting own imagination,"but to me these sleepless moments moment and hear again the words, "Don't be afraid, of solitude in the dark became the most miserable nothing will hurt you."In a short time, divine assurof my young life. ance replaced imaginative fear.

On the particular night mentioned, for some slight Thus I proved by actual experience that the teachcause or another, I awoke and soon imagined I could ing of my parents was true, that my Father in heaven hear footsteps near the window. Imagination folwould hear and answer the sincere prayer of a little

lowed the depredator around the house to the dining boy as readily as his parents would grant him a reroom door. In a short time, I was almost sure he was in quest, the only condition being, is it for the boy's

the house. My fears must have been at a pretty high good? In this instance, it proved to be of lifelong

pitch, for I breathed heavily, and it seemed I could comfort to me and an absolute assurance of the truthhear my heart thumping. Other nights I had experifulness of Christ's words, which I read later in life,

enced, to a degree, the same fear, and had been told "All things whatsoever ye ask in prayer, believing, later by my parents that it was only imagination. ye shall receive."(See 3 Nephi 18:20.)

AUGUST 1964 637 "WHY DOES OUR ETERNAL FATHER LOVE SINNERS?"

question: "In the gospel docto abide in his commandments. Is

trine class in our Sunday School, there anything in the scriptures the question was asked: 'Why does that indicates that our Eternal

our Eternal Father love sinners as Father loves Satan as he does those well as the righteous?'Surely he who are righteous and do not rebel YOUR

cannot love the unrepentant sinner against him?"

as he does those who are willing QUESanswer: Let us look at this of their hearts were good, that they

question from a natural point of should also, at the last day, beview. In any family where the parTION restored unto that which is good.

ents are righteous, and they have "And if their works are evil they a son or a daughter who is rebelshall be restored unto them for evil. Therefore, all things shalllious, is it not the most natural ANSWERED BY

thing for the parent to love that be restored to their proper order, son or that daughter and earnestly every thing to its natural frame.wish that he or she might repent JOSEPH..."(Alma 41:3-4.)

and keep the commandments? It has been decreed that "... no FIELDING

Moreover, does not the love of the unclean thing can enter into his parent burn intensely, notwithkingdom; therefore nothing enstanding there are rebellious tendSMITH tereth into his rest save it be thoseencies on the part of a child? It PRESIDENT OF who have washed their garments

is a very reasonable thought for THE COUNCIL in my blood, because of their faith, all their sins,us to think that our Eternal Father OF THE TWELVE and the repentance of yearns for and wishes the repentand their faithfulness unto the ance of a wayward child. Naturally end."(3 Nephi 27:19.)

we are led to believe that our Eternal Father would Righteousness and obedience to divine law are have exactly the same feeling as a mortal father toand must be a requirement based upon the principle ward his wayward children and desire that they of eternal justice. The fact that man has been given

might repent. his free agency is an evidence of the justice and mercy

While there are eternal laws by which the kingdom of our Eternal Father. He will teach, persuade, and

of God is governed, these laws have been based on encourage his children to walk in ways of righteousthe principle of righteousness and justice and could ness, but even his divine love cannot transcend the not be maintained on any other principle. It is decree of justice and the edict that none but the

perfectly reasonable for us to believe, as Alma has clean can dwell in his kingdom. We are taught that

stated it in his counsel to a wayward son, that it is the heavens wept over the rebellion of Lucifer and "... requisite with the justice of God that men those who followed him. Moreover, it was the justice

should be judged according to their works; and if of a kind Heavenly Father that grants to every soul

their works were good in this life, and the desires the great gift of free agency which makes individuals

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA morally responsible for their own deeds.

Naturally, the expression that our Eternal Father loves Satan needs some qualification. There is no

doubt that there was a deep sorrow and weeping when

Lucifer rebelledFrom all that we have received pertaining to the preexistence, we learn that there was a time when Lucifer held great authority and was known as the light bearer. No doubt at that

time he was well received and greatly honored. His

great sin lay in the fact that he rebelled against giving to every soul the great gift of free agency.

He advocated a doctrine of compulsion. He, if the

doctrine he advocated had prevailed, would have forced all to be saved. This, however, would have

been a salvation in slavery minus the great gift of free agency. Compulsion to his decrees would have

taken place; confusion and slavery would have been

the result. We are informed that the heavens wept

over this rebellion, but righteous principles including the freedom to think and to act were decreed in the divine plan.

That our Eternal Father should love his children is just as natural as it is for a mortal parent to love his offspring. We are instructed that our Eternal

Father would have every soul saved if that could be accomplished on righteous principles. Satan's plan

was to take away from them their free agency and introduce compulsion. Such a thing would have been

destructive of every righteous principle, and heaven would have ceased to exist.

Salvation is based on two divine principles of paramount importance: first, redemption from death

through the atonement of Jesus Christ, and, second, obedience to divine law on the part of every individual who obtains the kingdom of God.

Naturally, there ws weeping in heaven when the rebellion of Lucifer was introduced, and our Eternal

Father wept, just as a mortal father who loves righteousness would weep over a rebellious son.

AUGUST 1964 639 President David O. McKay and Apostle Delbert L.

Remarks by President David 0. McKay at the Sunday morning session of the MIA June Conference,

held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, June 14, 1964.

True Be DAVID O. MCKAY BY PRESIDENT

The poet, Charles McKay, impressively said: throughout the entire world, and I would fly over

land and sea, telling them a tale and singing a "If I were a voice—a persuasive voice song in praise of the right and condemnation of

That could travel the wide world through, the wrong.

I would fly on the beams of the morning light, Young people, by the hundreds and thousands,

And speak to men with a gentle might, I am saying to you, be true to the ideals of the

And tell them to be true. gospel of Jesus Christ. I say it because I want

I'd fly o'er land and sea, you to be happy—and you will be happy by obeyWherever a human heart might be, ing the gospel of Jesus Christ. And I would say,

Telling a tale, or singing a song know this, that "If to do were as easy as to know

In praise of the Right and in blame of the what were good to do, chapels had been churches,

Wrong."poor men's cottages prince's palaces. It is a good

In conclusion of President Tanner's and other divine that follows his own instructions. I can

speakers'remarks to the leaders of the MIA, I easier teach twenty what were good to be done, would raise my voice in praise of the gospel of than be one of the twenty to follow mine own

Jesus Christ and proclaim to these leaders to be teaching."( Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice,

true—true to self, true to the Savior of men, true I, ii, 1217.)

to the right teachings of parents and loved ones. God bless the youth of Zion, men and women,

I am looking now into the faces of seven thouthe wide world through. God help each one to

sand persons in this audience, and in my mind be true to what he knows to be right, I pray in

I can see the faces of other audiences in chapels the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

An address given at the Friday morning session of the MIA June Conference, June 12, 1964.

Leaders of Youth.

Anything short of your full potential isn't good enough BY DELBERT L. STAPL.EY of the council of the twelve

.."(See Matt. 17:4.) My brothers and sisters, this large gathering of MIA "Lord, it is good to be here..

leaders and others is a wonderful and thrilling sight. That fully expresses my own feelings. I am grateful

The Apostle Peter on one occasion said to the Savior, for the wonderful presentations here this morning,

640 the improvement era Stapley inspire MIA leaders at June conference!

the choice thoughts expressed, and for this very world. Will its leadership—you who are assembled

wonderful group of young people from the Rexburg, here this day, and others absent—be found initiating

Idaho, stakes, who have sung so beautifully for us. with power and enthusiasm, also high purpose, the

It is a blessed privilege to meet with you, my MIA full MIA program for rounding out the temporal and workers, in the great cause of the youth of the Church. spiritual lives of church youth? I believe firmly

I am sure we can all anticipate a glorious time during that you will. However, it will -cost you much effort

this conference. There has been much thought and and time, humble prayer, Christlike dedication, unprayer and preparation, and I know you will be ceasing patience, and love. Keep ever before you

blessed and benefited in whatever department of work this vision of high purpose and personal obligation you are privileged to attend. While receiving inspirato help youth set goals in life based upon gospel

tion and strength from you, I am conscious of my own principles, standards, and ideals, and then encourage responsibility to inspire you in your holy callings to and counsel them how to achieve those goals. Youth

direct those in your charge to grow physically, mencannot afford to be quitters or failures in whatever tally, and spiritually into the full stature of intelligent they undertake to do. To do so weakens incentive,

Latterday Saint manhood and womanhood, with depurpose, and character. Choice opportunities come

sires for everincreasing righteousness and beneficial to those who are better prepared by knowledge, service to mankind in whatever life's activities they training, and desire and by knowing what they want choose to follow. to do and become. There is no place in the society

Your theme for the coming year, "Show the Way of men and women today for the mediocre. No

through MIA,"is most important and timely. Time is matter how humble your assignment, know that it is

moving quickly for all of us, and for the world also. important and purposeful and much needed to help

The pressures of our day and age are terrific but build God's kingdom among the children of men. It

important and most meaningful. In this fastmoving is in your hands to degrade or to exalt the work in

world, events and happenings of a miraculous nature which you are engaged. Remember always that the

are occurring rapidly. Prophecies relating to these great responsibility of church leadership today is to

latter days are being fulfilled. There is much awaitteach, train, and motivate every worker to measure

ing us to be accomplished. It is a time of decision up to his full potential and become productive and

and action, and not one of empty words or meansuccessful in his calling.

ingless phrases. Remember also that anything short of your full

A friend of mine, president of a large business potential isn't good enough in the service of our institution, made this challenging statement: "This is Master. It calls for a realization not only of what

a new era in man's responsibilities to man, and we your capacities and capabilities are, but also of how have to stir abilities and powers we have never used such abilities can be best used to full advantage in the if we are going to be the masters of our destiny."assignment to help and bless others. It also means

Many years ago George H. Brimhall, speaking from that each of you must be well grounded in gospel

this pulpit at an MIA June conference, said, "By a knowledge and understanding and alert to opporproper organization of time, things thought impostunities for sendee with an intense interest in everyone sible to do become possible of accomplishment."How you are responsible for. It means you teachers are

true that statement, and how essential it is for the not only to teach in the sense of mere instruction, but leaders and teachers in Zion so to organize their time to help those whom you instruct to implement into that they may give wise and profitable service to all practice that which you teach. This is training—the

who look to them for leadership in spiritual and moral vital supplement to teaching. It means you officers

guidance. The implications bound up in the theme, will inspire your teachers with a clear vision of what

"Show the Way through MIA,"are tremendous and is expected of them and then with equally clear vision limitless. I pray that you will always keep it before set goals of achievement. Remember that where

you as a reminder of your obligations to the youth of there is no vision, the people perish. Therefore, do

the Church. MIA is an agency of the Lord to help not let those for whom you are responsible perish for

prepare its members for maximum usefulness in carrywant of vision and good works on your part.

ing forward the mission of Christ's Church in all the A concern which I and others of the brethren share

MJGUST 1964 641 is"God help each one to be true to what he knows

is the frequency of turnover in the leadership and The Prophet Joseph Smith profoundly observed on teachers of the auxiliary organizations. It is most one occasion, "When I know what the Lord wants

alarming, and youth is apt to suffer as a result. We me to do, I do it."Any man can do anything that

strongly encourage longer tenure of office. We beGod asks him to do if he has faith enough to rely

lieve workers, although worthy, should not be invited on God to help him do it. The trait of procrastination

to serve unless they are willing to stay in a position is poison to the soul. Be not guilty of it in MIA.

long enough not only to become acquainted with their Procrastination is a thief of valuable opportunities responsibilities, but also to continue to give effective available to leaders and teachers. Remember it takes

service until released from office. I think it is wrong less time to do a thing, or to fulfil an assignment,

to make changes where leaders or teachers are doing than it does to worry about doing it. Granted now

effective work unless there is good reason to do so, that the accomplishments of which we have been and then only if there is someone equally strong and speaking have reached a measure of attainment, what qualified to replace them. Should we follow a differnext is your responsibility? You will answer immeent course, youth surely will suffer, and we leaders diately that it is to use all means at your disposal to

will be held accountable if they do not become faithhelp youth meet the challenges of our times firmly, ful, devoted Latterday Saints. Never indicate to a courageously, and intelligently, and not yield to the

person considered for a position that the work load insidious influences and designs of men who exeris easy and little will be expected of him. Any calling cise no moral restraint when personal gain is involved.

in the Church is as great as one's vision of it. All There has never been a time in the history of man

callings are important and the time necessary to do when greater individual freedom of thought, word, one's work properly and effectively should never be and action has been afforded young people than in minimized. We need more forthrightness and underthis, our day. This is particularly true in what we

standing in calling people to service in the Church. like to call the free world, but this privilege has given

The longer one serves in a position, the more effective rise to problems of immense dimensions. Men,

he or she is, and better results can be expected. women, and institutions for selfish, sinister, and evil

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA right...."DAVIDPRESIDENTO. McKAY

youth. Today, under the guidance of the church

coordination and correlating committee, the closest cooperation is necessary between the auxiliaries and all other church groups to stay within their own field of activity when programing for each season.

There should be no conflicting dates of social or cultural activities in LDS communities. The correlation of all church and community activities is necessary to assure an overall balanced program for youth

to help them grow physically, culturally, intellectually, and spiritually.

In MIA we must also be careful that youth is not overstimulated by too much activity but maintains a balance that will secure to them the great moral virtues that are so important to a life of joy and happiness. LDS youth are faced with many perplexing problems today; therefore, our position as leaders

requires that we set up safeguards to protect them in maintaining church standards and ideals with full understanding and wise supervision in all that is planned for them to do. We must teach young people deeper loyalties as a bulwark against the onslaught of materialism and worldliness represented

purposes use youth to accomplish their wicked dein places and activities that encourage them to temptasigns. They tell them that pleasure is the standard tion and to sin. These deeper loyalties include love

for the good, that good is a mere state of mind, and of God, love of man, love of Church, love of the that the natural impulses of life should be freely gospel, love of truth and principle, love of family, exercised. Such a philosophy has been and is relove of one's self and one's destiny, and selfcontrol

sponsible for excuses which lead to delinquencies, in all activities of life to help and strengthen them sins, and crimes of numerous and vile character. To to keep sacred and pure the physical body which

meet such a situation, the ablest, most dedicated, and houses a spirit child of God. Youth must be taught

purest of heart among us are needed. how to live satisfying lives, creatively, with holy

I am convinced that in carrying out the overall courtship in mind and without necking or petting

MIA program we must be careful to not take youth which tear at the bars of selfrestraint and selfcontrol.

out of the home in a constant round of activities The moral code is being attacked from every side by which prevents them from enjoying a proper home those who are not grounded in ethical and spiritual life with sufficient parental contacts for teaching, values. The standards for Mormon youth of necesguidance, and confidential relationships. When the sity will never change. The world may lower its

church order of home life is disrupted, it helps to standards, but the Church never can because God break down controls and safeguards in standards of has revealed the standards which all faithful members living expected of youth which could cause serious of the Church must live by and honor.

moral and disciplinary problems. Somehow on a The church places of worship should be the center

stake and ward level there must be an improved of learning and activities for youth and the gospel correlation between church auxiliaries and all other truths and principles the basic foundation values for approved functioning church groups, as well as the good character and righteous living.

schools, to prevent schedule conflicts and an overThere has developed among many young people a lapping and duplication of activities which leaves feeling that it is not too serious to break the law of little opportunity for perfect home life on the part of chastity. Perhaps with (Continued on page 662)

AUGUST 1964 643 *#- fejSLjy, '* T t fJ';t$?&&Ztf 00 fil

.,

XK I

#*"*."%mwl

iMMii.

V-> v, 'I

!s>Csi

i...f

>- "'*v2>. PM frWWUl ipillCtliiif.... **fS

i '.;.'"

31 ''tffiEtI i ft.', "1BI

j * * * i?

VijW

JPl;J2Jf':

Lisbeq bobhe

SSSp!?: 'm. Song of Israel

*ir "Sii THE MISSIONARY LABORS OF GEORGE R. AND LUCY BLOOMF1ELD

TWENTIETH CENTURY PIONEERS

Smrif f

BY NADINE W. LARSON

yHlllHflW!"'1 f Pioneers are uncommon these days. Because they are so rare, we feel it a

privilege when we have opportunity to know one and to share his experiences.

Those of us who knew George R. Bloomfield consider him, I am sure, to be

one of the great pioneers.

No, he didn't cross the plains in a covered wagon, nor did he live in the days of Brigham Young. His pioneering took place in the twentieth century,

and it was among our darker brothers and sisters, the Lamanites. Nevertheless,

it was pioneering in every sense of the word. He endured many hardships

and sorrows as he traveled the paths that Ammon, the great Lamanite missionary in the Book of Mormon, traveled so long ago. Like Ammon, George's

missionary labors were filled with adventure and romance and brought astonishing results. Perhaps he didn't face the same dangers, nor was he

directly responsible for bringing into the Church the huge numbers that

Ammon did. But George played a great part in beginning the movement

that will result in bringing the Lamanites, as a nation, into the Church.

Brother Bloomfield was born in Ramah, New Mexico, in 1882, but his days among the Lamanites did not begin until 1912. It was at this time that

M& he and his wife and four children bought the Indian Trading Post at Toadlena, New Mexico, a lovely spot located in the Lukachukai Mountains on the

Navajo reservation. We will let Brother Albert R. Lyman of Blanding, Utah,

tfft describe these years for us:

1 "They bought a little store at Toadlena, ( Toad-lena ) and began in business for themselves. Very few of the Navajos could speak English at that

f I time; they wore their hair long and made few departures from the ways and

traditions of their ancestors. The government had established a few schools

and was moving to open others; also, Indian traders set up more stores at

various points in the reservation, and many of these traders were Mormons....

"The Bloomfields were Mormons of the third or fourth generation and cherished the belief that the Indians are sometime to become a white and delightsome people. At the counter of their little store they began learning

the language and the ways of their new customers for whom they had a pro-!i* nounced liking from the first.... Their motto then and always was to make

their word good and take no unfair advantage.

"To these newfound friends in the little store the Navajos began coming with their problems and troubles. If they had met with an accident or a

to arrive sickness or if there in the a family, they was baby new came

If for difficulties help. for they or sympathy, with mcM disaster,for medicine, had one

i* another or with the everintruding world from the outside, they came loping to the store for wise counsel or legal advice.

"These traders in the Toadlena store made no undue effort to preach their religion, although they cherished and studied it at their quiet fireside. They gave ready answer to every

question the Indians asked, and they lent or gave a copy of the Book of Mormon to everyone who wanted to read it.

"A new generation sprang up around them, a generation whom they had known from infancy. The Navajos made important strides forward; they cut their hair, changed their

habits of dress and living, and many of them learned to speak and to write English."1

A few years after the Bloomfields had commenced to operate their store, a Hopi Indian, Howela Polacca, began to trade with them. His home was in Crystal, New Mexico, just over the

mountain from Toadlena. Often he would come and stay the

night with George and his wife Lucy. On one occasion he

came on a Saturday night and, as usual, was heartily welcomed.

The next morning at the breakfast table Howela began relating some of the legends of his people. His account was so

interesting that the whole family, including a nurse who was visiting them, listened spellbound and entranced until 1 pm, not even moving from the table nor clearing away the dishes. 2

He told of a wonderful man who had lived for a short time among the Indian people many years ago. He could stand on

a hill and talk to the people, and they could hear him even if he did not speak loud. He could make sick people well. He

asked the people not to lie or steal. He requested that they love

one another and be good. He taught them how to plant corn.

When he left, he went up in the sky in a bright cloud. 3

When the long story was finished, Brother George said, "Why, Howela, that sounds just like the story in the Book of

Mormon about how Jesus Christ visited the Nephites!"He

read the story found in 3 Nephi to Howela. When he stopped,

Howela clapped his hands and said, "By golly, is that so? I

will have to read that book."

He was given a copy of the Book of Mormon that day. The

conversion process for many of our Lamanite brethren is slow, however, and this was especially true for Brother Polacca.

He studied and read the Book of Mormon for twenty years.

He was finally converted and baptized by missionaries from

Snowflake, Arizona, in 1940.

A few years after his baptism, Howela was addressing an openair conference spread out under the juniper trees. As he

was bearing his testimony to the dusky Saints seated before him upon the ground, upon blankets, and upon folding chairs, he said, "Wait a minute."He went into the house which was

nearby and brought out the old Book of Mormon he had received years before from the Bloomfields. He said, "See this old

book? It is almost worn out. I studied it for over twenty

years, and I know it is true."His body was racked with sobs

1Albert R. Lyman, Blanding News, "Missionary Effort among Navajo Indians

Reported,"1942.

2Lucy G. Bloomfield, Book of Remembrance—George R. Bloomfield, "Obituary of

Howela Polacca,"1957.

3George R. Bloomfield, Book of Remembrance—George R. Bloomfield.

for a moment, then he cried fervently, "Oh, that my As Clyde gained more confidence in his newly people could know the truth like I do; it would be acquired white brother, he expressed curiosity about

their salvation...."4 this Mormon Church to which George belonged.

Howela and his wife were sealed in the Arizona Thrilled with the opportunity to tell his friend about

Temple in 1949. Brother Polacca was faithful until his most priceless possession, yet fearful to force too

the end, always encouraging his family to be active much on him too soon, Brother Bloomfield carefully in the Church. He retained his strong testimony until answered all questions. When their work at the

his death in 1957. reservoirs was completed, their daily association

This was perhaps the first seed George Bloomfield ceased, but their friendship remained strong.

planted along his pioneer journey. The seed fell on Years later when George and Lucy were called as

fertile ground, and it grew. Brother Polacca became stake missionaries to labor in the Toadlena area, it

one of the real bulwarks among the Indian people. was only natural that Clyde and his wife were among

After twentysix years of trading at Toadlena, the the first people they approached. Clyde and Mabel

hearts of Brother and Sister Bloomfield overflowed Beyal lived in a tent a mile and a half from the with a desire to fill a mission among the Indians. Trading Post. The Bloomfields found a warm welThey wrote to President Heber J. Grant, requesting come when they arranged for their first cottage meetinformation concerning missionary activity among the ing with this lovely family. As they sat in the humble

Lamanites. The reply came back, "I, too, am very home and by the light of a lantern, taught the evermuch interested in work among the Lamanites, but lasting truths of the gospel, they found eager faces

the time is not yet."5 and open hearts. Because Mrs. Beyal spoke no EngContent to abide by the counsel of the prophet, lish, Clyde interpreted for Elder Bloomfield.

they were still unable to kill the enthusiasm for the It did not take long for the spirit of the gospel to work that was burning in their hearts. Something take hold of this Lamanite couple, for it was as a

about these humble, lovable people had touched the "voice of one crying from the dust."(2 Nephi 33:13.)

souls of George and Lucy. They had tasted the joys When Clyde received sufficient assurance that The

of sharing the gospel with a few of them and were Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is true, overwhelmed with a yearning to do more of this he requested to be baptized. This was the second

glorious work. They continued to teach the gospel baptism that Elder Bloomfield performed in Toadlena.

in their own quiet way to the various Navajos with Clyde Beyal worked closely with the Bloomfields, whom they came in contact. helping in the newly organized Sunday School at

When it was deemed wise to organize missionary Toadlena. The Sunday School attendance started

work among the Lamanites in 1943, Brother and Sister with thirteen, but in two months it grew to an asBloomfield were among the first, eight missionaries tonishing sixtynine. 6

called from the Young Stake to labor in the NavajoWhen the Bloomfields felt Clyde and Mabel were

Zuni Mission, as it was then called, under the leaderready for temple marriage, they helped with the arship of Ralph William Evans. Naturally, they were rangements and escorted the couple to the Salt Lake

overcome with joy, for one of their fondest dreams Temple. It was a joyous little company that made its

had become a reality. way to the center of Zion. Their hearts were full as

George and Lucy Bloomfield enjoyed many choice they progressed through the temple ceremony.

experiences during their next four and onehalf years When they reached the celestial room, they had to in the mission field. wait until Brother and Sister Beyal's sons were brought

Included in his duties as an Indian trader, George to the sealing room for the sealing ceremony. As they

R. Bloomfield supervised the Civilian Conservation sat in the hushed, reverent beauty of the celestial

Corps work at Toadlena, New Mexico, where he room, they were all deeply impressed. Finally Sister

began to notice a short, round, little man with a Beyal broke the silence as she spoke to her husband broad smile. He learned that the man was foreman in Navajo. He translated it for the others, "Two

of the work and that his name was Clyde Beyal. weeks ago I had a dream about this room. I saw it

George was immediately attracted to this cheerful just as I see it now. Wall mirrors, chandeliers, and all

man, and they soon began a close friendship. Many the beauty, just the same as I see it now, I saw it in

hours were spent in the camp with the two heads my dream."7 As Clyde translated his wife's words,

close together—one light and one dark—as they disthere was great (Continued on page 684)

cussed the news of the day. "Church News,"section of The Deseret News, "Death Comes to

a Lamanite Missionary,"March 7, 1959.

*Lucy G. Bloomfield, op. cit., 1957. TLetter from Lucy G. Bloomfield to the author, May 25, 1961.

BIdem.

AUGUST 1964 647 APOSTOLIC 1 1 KA1J1 lUfNBY JOHN A. GREEN

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR AND HEAD OF DEPARTMENT OF FRENCH UNIVERSITY OF WiCHITA

ir rt 1.natte. JP

.-

Y/ /J"now generally recognized that the

Apostolic Tradition of St. Hippolytus is the

most illuminating single source of evidence extant on the inner life and religious polity of the

early Christian Church.... Hippolytus casts light

on much which isfound only in scattered allusions

in other writers of the preNicene period."

648 *; THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HEADLESS STATUE, discovered in a cemeus to get a sufficiently exact idea of The Apostolic tery on the outskirts of Rome in 1551, Tradition."4 The Reverend Gregory Dix, writing on

depicted a priest seated and apparently the authenticity of the text for his 1937 English transteaching.A The figure was that of Hippolytus. Inscriplation, affirmed that "at least nineteentwentieths of

tions on the base of the statue, which is presently the treatise may be said to be known with certainty in the Lateran Museum, listed some of the titles of and with accuracy."s

the man's works, one of which was given as The Dix estimates that The Apostolic Tradition dates

Apostolic Tradition. from about 215 AD/'although it appears quite posThe importance of this find was not realized until sible that a somewhat earlier date could be assigned.

after 1842, when the Philosoplwumena, the other At least the work seems likely to have been composed main source of information of Hippolytus, came to before the Philosophoumena, which is not among light. Published in 1851, this latter writing was those titles listed on the base of Hippolytus'statue.

mistakenly attributed first to Origen, then to TertulWhereas the latter writing pronounces itself most lian and one or two others, before Doellinger offered violently against Callistus, who was named bishop enough evidence to5 convince the scholars that Hipof Rome in 217 AD, there is no mention of Callistus polytus was the author. Solving the case of a in The Apostolic Tradition.

manuscript in search of an author did much to dispel "But let us even suppose that the [latter] work the mystery surrounding the figure of the saint. He does date from the schismatic period. Does that

proved to be a contemporary of Callistus, 1 with whom mean that it has lost, either in whole or in part, its he eventually, but unsuccessfully, disputed the throne documentary value? Not in the least. Let us note

of the Roman Church early in the third century AD. 2 first of all that the Tradition is not an apocryphal

The fact that he had ended his life a schismatic in work, as are the Apostolic Constitutions or the ancient

.'

:--v;;;:;::v.:.;:|aajPMWPro

turn partially explained why he had fallen into obChurch orders. This is a work published by Hippolylivion, and why The Apostolic Tradition involved an tus, under his name and at Rome itself. What

interesting title in search of a text. likelihood is there that Hippolytus has presented as

By 1870 a series of canons attributed to Hippolytus authentic Roman tradition usages that he might be led to a mass sifting of Egyptian and Syrian docuintroducing for the first time? The Romans to whom

ments, with which the canons bore rather obvious he was writing would not have been taken in, much affinities. Conjecture and speculation as to the origin less his adversaries, who were themselves Roman.

of these documents multiplied until, in 1916, Connelly, Hippolytus himself is a man of tradition."7

a British scholar, demonstrated effectively that the In this same vein, other authorities write: "Hipcanons and other related documents were all pospolytus... has nothing of the innovator about him;

terior to, and dependent on, the Aegyptische Kirchhe poses as a champion of tradition, and, on the enordnung? which was, in reality, Hippolytus'whole, we can admit that the liturgical usage he

Apostolic Tradition. It is doubtless not the original codifies is traditional usage...."8 This admission

text, and many details remain obscure, but "on the is a clear vote of confidence in a statement made by whole we can say that it is henceforth possible for Hippolytus toward the close of his work, and in

AUGUST 1964 649.

justification of it. He writes, "for the elders [preshim (36:12), and to which the churches might turn

byters] from whom we have received this tradition for edification and strength.

...,"and Easton hastens to point out that acceptance On the subject of the clergy Hippolytus deals with

of this passage means that the Tradition is therefore the ordination of a bishop (2, 3), a presbyter (8), "more than a source for Roman customs at the beginand a deacon (9). A bishop is to be first elected

ning of the third century; it may with equal safety be or chosen by the people over whom he is to preside.

invoked for the practice of thirty or even fifty years Then he is ordained to his office of high priest on a earlier."9 This would push the practice of the tradiSunday through the laying on of hands by the other

tions reported by Hippolytus back at least to bishops in attendance. One of them acts as voice

165185 and improvises a prayer befitting the occasion. Some

of his additional duties as a bishop include blessing

MIGHT assume, if there were oil (5), cheese and olives (6), also blessing and in unity the the at all passing confirming church Sacrament any and (4, 24), memAD.nNEI

) traditions bers of the time, after at that these that church baptism immersion by ( 22 represent more than merely local customs. Such an assumption OR THE ORDINATION of a

seems safe enough since no less presbyter, which may be trans- a scholar than Adolph Harnack formulated it. "Here,"lated either as "elder"or "priest,"

he said, speaking of The Apostolic Tradition, "is the no other bishops need be presrichest source that we in any form possess for our ent. The bishop of the particuknowledge of the polity of the Roman Church in lar church in question, who is in

the oldest time, and this Roman polity may, in many a governing or presiding position over the quorum of regards, be accepted as the polity held everywhere."10 presbyters, lays his hands on the head of the one

Whether or not this polity spread from Rome or to to be ordained. The other presbyters join him in

Rome is a question that will be treated later. Suffice this act of imposition, but the bishop alone is voice

it to say here that the traditions set forth by Hipsince presbyters can receive the priesthood but have polytus, going back as they do to early third and no authority to pass it on. The prayer, again, is to

possibly late second century customs, constitute "the fit the occasion. It may, for example, make mention

most ancient known ritual for ordinations,"11 and "the of God's command to Moses to choose "presbyters"—

most ancient liturgical collection that we possess."12 probably a reference to Exodus 28:1-3—but does not

"It is now generally recognized that the Apostolic have to follow word for word the model prayer

Tradition of St. Hippolytus is the most illuminating furnished by Hippolytus. The presbyters, aside from

single source of evidence extant on the inner life and assisting the bishop in ordaining other presbyters, are religious polity of the early Christian Church.... no doubt those primarily intended for instructing new

Hippolytus casts light on much which is found only converts (16) and the church in general (33); they

in scattered allusions in other writers of the precan also baptize (21) and break bread (24).

Nicene period."13 A deacon's ordination is also performed by the

Some of "the most illuminating evidence"on the laying on of hands, but by the bishop alone. The

"inner life of the early Christian Church"appears in reason for this, explains Hippolytus, is that a deacon

Hippolytus'very brief introduction and conclusion. is ordained not only to the priesthood, but to the

It is here that he justifies setting down the more than service of the bishop. It appears likely, although the

thirty traditions which go to make up this short work. text is vague here, that deacons are to be voted on

Essentially, he declares himself an adversary of the by the church before they are set apart. Their duties

changes and heresy he sees in the churches about him are, for the most part, temporal: they can break bread,

and deplores the ignorance of the general membership as can presbyters, which they then take to the bishop and especially the ministry whom he holds particuto bless and pass to the membership (23, 24); and

larly responsible for the drifting condition of the they, along with the subdeacons, are to inform the church. Hippolytus apparently recognized that no bishop of those who are ill "that he may, if it pleases

one, including the bishop of Rome, had any authority him, visit them. Indeed, it is of great comfort to a

to modify in the least anything that Christ and the sick person when the high priest remembers

Apostles had instituted or that the elders before him him"(30).

had passed down in good faith. In the absence of Other callings mentioned by Hippolytus include

any recognized, central authority, Hippolytus proposes confessors (10), who, if they have been imprisoned to set down a number of procedures and practices for their beliefs, need no imposition of hands to ordain which had been received from the presbyters before them deacons or presbyters since each has acquired,

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA through his prison confession, "the dignity of tolerated by, the Apostles in their time. Hippolytus

the priesthood."himself makes no such claim. Indeed, he appears

deliberately vague as to how ancient his traditions

IDOWS are to be recognized as are, or how authoritative. The title of his work thus

such if the husband has been proves to be a misnomer, but not without value for dead for some time and if suffiall that. It clearly shows respect for apostolic tradicient evidence exists that the tion, not only on the part of Hippolytus, but also that

woman is leading a pure life. of "the Churches"to whom he addresess himself.

A widow may be called on to At the same time, his work is conspicuously silent pray, as may anyone worthy, but she is not ordained throughout with respect to such supposedly ancient a widow since "ordination is for the clergy"(11). traditions as Roman primacy and Peter's successor.

Neither is a reader ordained to that calling. It is According to the French scholar Cayre, "the bishops

simply a matter of the bishop passing the book to of Rome declared themselves successors of Saint Peter him (12). Virgins, too, as well as subdeacons and and insisted on the privileges of that office. This was

healers, are not set apart by the laying on of not only their right, but their duty; they would have

hands (1315). been seriously neglecting the obligations of their

The membership are expected to offer their first responsibility had they not done so, and there would fruits to the bishop (28), to pray upon arising in have been, in their silence, strong evidence against the morning (31), to attend the various meetings the reality of their mission."15

intended for instruction, and, on days when there are If Roman primacy was a tradition from the beno meetings, to spend some time reading something ginning why did Hippolytus not include it with his spiritually uplifting (35). other traditions, not only for its own sake, but to

Investigators should normally study for three years. put, as it were, the stamp of apostolic authority on

"However, if one is zealous and persevering, let him the other sections of his manual? Such a weighty

be judged not according to time but rather to contradition would surely have served as a constant duct"(17). Baptism is to be held at dawn, children point of reference for each of the other traditions.

first, then converts. Each person is to be baptized Again, if Roman primacy were a current tradition of

by immersion three times ( 20, 21 ). Hippolytus makes the day, why didn't Hippolytus, who was obviously

it clear, in giving a model prayer for confirmation, that not averse to endowing his book with all the imthe ordinance of baptism is for the remission of sins. portance he could give it, inform his readers that

Nothing at all is said, which is quite in line with what made his traditions so "proper for the Churches"this whole early period, from the New Testament (Introduction) was that they came directly from

Church to the time of Hippolytus, of the doctrine church headquarters?

of "original sin."14 With respect to the tradition that the bishops of

None of Hippolytus'model prayers, including those Rome are Peter's successors, why did not Hippolytus on the Sacrament or for baptism, seem meant to be refer to this tradition either to use it or to argue given word for word. Instead, the emphasis is on against it? He was not above attacking the Bishop

free improvisation according to the occasion and to of Rome, either Zephyrinus or Callistus, and, had the spirit (10). either declared himself Peter's successor and insisted

Finally, the manual contains some miscellaneous on the privileges of that office, surely Hippolytus information on fasting (25), and the lovefeast or would not have remained silent on such a major issue.

"agape"(26), and makes two recommendations, If Rome had had any claim of authority or primacy (a) to the clergy: "let there be no heavy payment through Peter it is inconceivable that Hippolytus

for burial in the cemetery"(34), and (b) to the would have been unaware of it. It is equally inconmembership generally: "strive to make the sign of ceivable that Hippolytus would have failed to report

the cross on the forehead in time of need, since that that particular tradition, had it existed in his time.

is the sign proved to be effective against the In spite of M. Cayre, the evidence in Hippolytus is

devil"(36). that no such tradition existed even in Rome before

215 AD. 1,! Nor is Hippolytus merely taking Roman

EGARDLESS of how far back custom and authority for granted. The Reverend

into antiquity the scholars estiDix affirms that "we can safely say that his material mate Hippolytus'traditions run, comes to him rather than from him. It represents

not even the most zealous has the mind and practice not of St. Hippolytus only but

suggested that they faithfully set of the whole Catholic Church of the second century.

forth practices known to, or As such it is of (Continued on page 672)

AUGUST 1964 651 o

o Next time you're tempted to grumble about the big tributing the benefits of their fine talents to others and percentage push, stop and break it down—as your continuing their growth through church association.

bishop does—in terms of people rather than figures What enormous benefits would have been lost had

on a sheet. this family drifted into inactivity and indifference.

In Ellen Johanson's Sunday School class there are There lies the golden virtue of seeking for high enrolled twelve students. Each student accounts for percentages. The bishop or the stake president is

8.3 percent of her total enrolment. not attempting to make a glorious personal record to

Ellen is a fine teacher and has a consistently high impress either the neighboring ward or stake or to average of 83 percent attendance. Wonderful! Yet impress the church authorities. These men are conEllen is losing two children. Not two times 8.3 percerned with people. And percentages, wisely and

cent, but two individuals, two real people whose honestly used, are the one way they have of being sure names are Bob and Edith. that no individual is missed.

Bob is a shy little boy who probably needs the In the beautiful story of the Good Shepherd, rememassociation of Ellen and the children in her class ber that the shepherd left the ninety and nine to go more than any other student. Edith's parents are after the one lamb that was lost. How else would

divorced. Unless she is reached now, she very probhe have known about the lost one if he hadn't counted

ably will go through life with no religious training his flock?

and consequently no firm foundation of faith with People are too vital to be statistics. Statistics, howwhich to face a life already blighted by a broken home. ever, wisely and properly used, represent individualsIf it weren't for record keeping, we wouldn't be Bob, Edith, and all the rest.

aware of Bob and Edith, of their problems and their desperate needs. Percentages prove they exist. Now

it's up to Ellen to find those children and make every attempt to gather them in. Last spring a Mormon family from a very small PEOPLE ARE

town in southern Utah moved to Salt Lake City. To

them the city was a metropolis. Eagerly they came,

with high hopes and boundless faith. TOO But the city bewildered them. They were accustomed to country neighbors who spotted a need for

companionship or assistance almost before it was felt. VITAL TOTheir bustling city neighbors, not purposely unkind

but uncaring, left them strictly alone. Except for the

father going off to work each morning, the family wasisolated—lost in the worst kind of loneliness, the loneBE STATISTICS

liness of a crowd. BY NORA EDDINGTON

But one ward priesthood member cared particularly about percentages in a proper and useful manner.

He and his companion picked up this family within weeks.

"You'll like our ward. We have fine, friendly people,"he told the lonely family. "I have children

about the ages of yours. We'd be happy to stop by

and pick them up for Sunday School next Sunday."

Soon the family was integrated and active, conAUGUST 1964 653

SURVIVAL

BY DOROTHY PERLMAN

Each time I have read about a man or woman who before we could qualify as Campcrafters!

survived a day, a week, or a month, on a mountainThursday: survival day. Starting point: Cooper

side, in the desert, or on the ocean, I've wondered if Canyon, one and a half miles from Angeles Crest under comparable circumstances I could survive. Highway, Los Angeles County, California. Elevation:

On Thursday, May 16, 1963, I had the chance to 6,300 feet. Weather: clear. Sun: hot.

find out! We divided into six groups, each with a leader. My

With thirtytwo other women I participated in group consisted of Shirley, Eva May, Barbara, Jessie, "voluntary"survival: a threemile mountain hike with and me. Instinctively and unanimously, we chose

packs on our backs and an overnight camp -out. This Jessie for our leader. Jessie had the stamp of comwas part of a Campcrafter program sponsored by the passion on her face.

Glendale Stake of The Church of Jesus Christ of Driving up to Cooper Canyon we quizzed each

Latterday Saints, of which my friend Shirley is other on first aid, practised tying knots, compared a member. notes on our packs. Eva May had the heaviest pack.

Except for the three program leaders (Connie She'd taken her brother's geology books! Barbara's

Allred, Dawne Thomsen, and Glenna McCown) and was the lightest. She'd once suffered heat prostration

three or four others, none of us had done more walkand knew she had to be careful.

ing than was required for our daily household or Shirley and I had weighed our packs, limiting them business activities. Our ages ranged from twentyto a modest twentysix pounds each!

five to fifty.

On Monday, three days before, we met at a neighbreechesI wore andski longsleevedunderwear blackunder turtleneckmy khakitee ridingshirt.

borhood park and "trained"intensively for six hours. From my belt hung a hatchet, a firstaid kit, a coil of

Our "training"included talks and demonstrations on what to wear, how to pack, how to administer first rope, and a pocketknife. Slung around my neck was

I'd aid, how to tie knots, how to build a fire, what to a Boy Scout canteen. My orange leather boots

do if lost... how to survive! We hiked two miles, worn only once before on the training hike; but I'd

observed nature, and learned to identify and avoid reinforced my feet with two layers of BandAids at poison oak. the heels and two pairs of socks. The red cowboy

Before we disbanded, our program leaders adkerchief tied around my white sailor cap I figured monished us to study the Boy Scout Manual and could be used for a triangular bandage if necessary.

Red Cross First Aid Book. We had to pass tests When we unloaded at Cooper Canyon I observed

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that the other hikers were all reasonable facsimiles heart attacks.

of me. From the hazy rear I heard Connie's cheerful, "It's

Then it began. not much farther."

First, a wide, pinescented path where four of us An idea flickered in my fuzzy brain. Why not

walked abreast. My pack felt comfortable. I walked take off my pack and come back for it later? By the

springy and sure. I envisioned nothing more than a time I reached the next tiny plateau, the idea flamed!

repetition of Monday's hike. I peeled off my pack and flung it behind a tree! I

The path narrowed. Now we walked two abreast. floated up the trail.

The trail narrowed to single file. The sun burned hot. At the next switchback I glanced casually back at

"Veer sharp right!"yelled Dawne from the head the line of burdened hikers. I gasped. Connie, frail

of the line. Connie half my size, was carrying my pack.

"Sharp right"didn't look to me like much more I wanted to go back and take it from her, but I than space! Space, leaning against shale, rocks, couldn't. There wasn't enough room on the trail for

and brush! me to get down to her. I knew then that we had

By this time I was bent forward, arms hanging farther to go than Connie had dared say when she loose. When I dared raise my eyes to look ahead at answered anxious queries with her breezy "Not much

the winding, switchback trail, I saw other figures farther."That's why she'd picked up my pack! It

strung along the side of the mountain. would be too far for me to come back.

I managed a glimpse at my wristwatch. It was I pressed against a tree so hikers could pass.

onethirty. We'd been on the trail an hour and a Connie finally reached me.

half! This couldn't last much longer, I thought, as "Are you all right?"she asked anxiously.

I planted one boot in front of the other, carefully I nodded. I couldn't speak. I was ashamed for

balancing my weight so as not to loosen any shale. what I had done. She helped me on with my pack.

The trail steepened. I thought wistfully of my "Are you sure you're all right?"

lovely allelectric house and cool treeshaded patio. I nodded again and managed a smile.

Could I turn back? I determined from then on I would not falter. I

Turn back! I was so precariously balanced that visualized myself placing one boot in front of the

even the thought of turning unnerved me! My heart other until doomsday.

throbbed. My left shoulder ached. My head swirled By now the party of thirtythree had subdivided into

with trailrumors of heat exhaustion, sunstroke, clusters of three and (Continued on page 670)

AUGUST 1964 655 I recently asked an eighteenyear-old beginning teacher how he was getting along with his students.

He answered with enthusiasm, "I thoroughly enjoy my assignment. The lessons are very interesting and

provide the wonderful opportunity of learning imSuggestions portant truths about the gospel."

He looked somewhat disheartened when he added, "But sometimes I get discouraged. Occasionally three for the or four of the students will do things to distract the

attention of the entire class from the subject under discussion. I don't know what to do about it. Beginning How would you like to visit us and give me a

few suggestions?"

The young man was enthusiastic, intelligent, a good Teacher speaker, well read in his religion, and he thoroughly studied the lessons. He was idealistic and prayerful.

BY F. LEGRANDE MAGLEBY What more did he need? What suggestions could I

make that would help him to retain his enthusiasm and to improve class discipline?

Perhaps the following account of my investigation and conclusions will help others who are concerned with the exciting and challenging job of teaching.

I visited the class. The eleven boys, ages eight and

nine, were bright and alert looking with well scrubbed faces, clean shirts, and Sunday pants. The one little

girl, with neatly braided hair and a blue ribbon to match her eyes, was shy, intelligent, and attentive.

She obviously wanted to please everyone and to learn whatever she could. Each boy appeared to be concerned with becoming the center of attention, for at

least a few moments, before the class period was over. They used ingenious and varied methods, but

a chubby little youngster with laughing brown eyes and a mischievous smile was the most successful.

His fivesecond show never failed. When all was

quiet, he would fold his eyelids into a deformed appearance with quick movements of his fingers, then grin at the class with the demeanor of a professional actor playing the part of a monster. He accepted

the giggles of the students and the reprimands of the teacher with a smile of appreciation for thenrecognition and always promised never to do it again.

Most of the children seemed to delight in constantly moving their hands, elbows, and feet. Considerable time was spent by some of them noisily

readjusting their chairs to positions which were never quite satisfactory. Several of the boys seemed to

delight in occasionally pounding on the knees or arms of a neighbor. However, there was evidence that the

children heard and understood the lesson; for example, two of the boys who had given the impression

that their primary interests were counting the automobiles moving down the busy street and grabbing the largest share of a handful of elastics which ap656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA peared suddenly from "nowhere"repeated the exact ment or to begin working on the model plane.

words used by the instructor when answering questions at the end of the lesson period. Effective Teaching Methods

But why must they continually wiggle and move and appear to be interested in many things at the How does the new teacher capture the energy and same time? Let us examine a littie more closely the imagination of these livewire, students? He

some of the interests, motivations, and goals of the should strive to obtain their spontaneous attention.

nineyear-old. They don't like a long lecture about philosophical

concepts and ideals but become immediately interested if these concepts are presented as common

Characteristics of the NineYear-Old experiences and goals of everyday living. This may

Bruce and Douglas, two members of the class, have be accomplished by helping the students vicariously demonstrated the tremendous energy, the freeflowing to encounter the problems and to feel the hopes and imagination, and the intense interest which must be fears and the basic motivations of the characters in redirected and controlled if discipline is to be mainthe lessons.

tained. As I observed them at play last summer, they When one is teaching the value of obedience to the

seemed to be continually in the process of winning first and second commandments of God, through reimaginary battles in the heart of enemy territory. Sixlating the parable of the Good Samaritan, it may be

guns, which seldom ran short of ammunition, were well to have one of the students stand before the constant companions. Their rifles, army hats, canclass and pretend he is the merchant. As the other

teen belts, rubber hunting knives, and old gas masks characters and the developments in the parable are only slightly impeded their rapid maneuvering dramatically described as if they were actually taking around house corners, through choice rosebushes, and place at the time the lesson is given, the clean and across the rough terrain of the apple orchard. Their welldressed nineyear-old boy in the imagination of

foxhole in Mr. Peterson's back yard was the object the students will assume the appearance of the merof many hours of arduous labor. A secret hut, in the chant with torn clothing, a cut face, and bruised body.

attic of the garage, was a haven for battle planning. And as his need for medical care and a place to sleep

A discarded garden hose served as a telephone for is realized, the children will begin to feel, to underthe transmission of secret messages. When the stand, and to appreciate the motivations of the Good

temperature topped 100 degrees, they removed shirts Samaritan. They will develop the sincere feeling

and shoes, but seldom diminished their vigorous that a practical and worthwhile method of demonsearch for new adventure. strating true love for God is by serving a neighbor

The nineyear-old gives the impression that his most in time of need.

valuable possession is time, and he doesn't want to waste a second of it. This may explain his desire to Stories with a Message

keep moving and to be interested in two or three things at once. There is a storm of protest if play The teacher may fill in a few details and use the

is interrupted by a call to the dinner table fifteen following examples of action stories to maintain class seconds too soon, and as long as the light of day discipline while teaching the principles of good living:

remains, a decision must be made among shooting 1. Three boys disobey their parents and crawl into

another enemy, riding like the wind on a bicycle, & cave a few blocks from their home. Part of the

watching the tractor dig a little deeper into the baseroof falls in, and one of the boys is nearly covered ment down the street, or helping the neighbor prepare with wet sand. Emergency operations help to mainthe movie machine for the ward show. His heart is tain sufficient air until a neighbor arrives. The boys

broken for a moment when he loses a small fish learn, the hard way, the importance of listening to caught in the pond at Fairmont Park, but he reaches the warnings of responsible adults.

a high peak of excitement and concern when his 2. Three scientists ascend to 80,000 feet in their

favorite cat has kittens! And when day is done, his aluminum airtight compartment fastened to a giant

imagination demands one last adventure through a balloon. Cameras work perfectly while they take

goodnight story. It must be full of humor and expictures of the earth far below, proving that the

citement and should always have a pleasant ending. world is round. Unencumbered by atmosphere, they

His last thoughts are to set the alarm to avoid sleeping observe the brilliance of the stars and the great exin, and to remind his father about the promise to panse of the universe. They experience a strange but

come home early and help with the chemistry experiglorious feeling of (Continued on page 666)

AUGUST 1964 6S7 Amazing Accomplishment

of a TwelveYear-Old Genealogist

In the Church today we have a generation of young all the members of the Church, and especially the people whose abilities and qualifications are someyounger members.

times underestimated. How thrilling it is to see the "Our genealogical work is moving forward now at

eager interest and tremendous capacity they have for an everincreasing pace, and I foresee tremendous genealogical research and the compiling of records of growth in the next few months."

their ancestors. Chairman Whitfield enclosed with his letter an

Years of experience in youth classes of genealogy article on Carolyn Black that appeared in the Savanin Mesa, Arizona, have convinced the teachers that nah Morning News on May 12, 1964. Beneath a

the best time to begin to train future genealogists is picture showing her working on her records, with when the children are between ten and twelve. a Book of Remembrance by her side, is the title,

There were 577 students registered for credit "12Year-Old Traces Kinfolk Back Four Centuries."

courses on campus in genealogy during the spring Here are a few excerpts from the article:

semester at Brigham Young University. Many had "Carolyn, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Troy C. Black

received no previous training in record keeping and of 1304 E. Duffy St., has compiled a genealogy of her

research. How much better prepared they would ancestors, dating back to the 16th century.

have been for their college courses in genealogy had "An A-student at Chatham Junior High School, she they been taught the fundamentals in their preteen- became interested in genealogy, she says, because it age years. was her mother's hobby. She started three years ago

There is no question of the favorable response by and now has outdistanced her mother's compilation young people when they are given a proper introby almost two to one.

duction to genealogical activities. Once actively in- "To accumulate the 4,000 names, she has correterested, they accomplish results that are astounding. sponded with courthouses, libraries, and other sources

Confirming this is a letter from John Laurie throughout the world. Sometimes she has found

Whitfield, genealogical chairman of the Southern dead ends—'sometimes even black sheep'—in the

States Mission and an Air National Guard technician family tree.

in Savannah, Georgia. He tells of the genealogical "She has traced her ancestors back to England and

success of twelveyear-old Carolyn Black, of the SavanWales and through their migration through the nah Second Branch of the Southern States Mission: Carolinas to Georgia. Most of her ancestors, Carolyn

"Carolyn Black started on her Book of Rememhas found, were craftsmen, agrarians, sometimes brance when she was nine years old. She copied by lawyers, and sometimes Carolina assemblymen....

herself everything her mother had accomplished and "Her chief source of information has been the then, with her mother's help, started to go further Georgia Historical Society. Often tucked away in

back on her lines. She has some lines back to the statistics in old deeds, wills, and death certificates

sixteenth century, with a record of 4,000 names and have been suggestions of real tragedies, sometimes 524 complete family group sheets. At this writing when large families succumbed—perhaps from some

she has 75 family group sheets ready to present for plague—almost simultaneously.

processing. This is more than the whole Southern "From the knowledge she has picked up in methods

States Mission submitted last year. of research and the interest she has derived from

"This has been an inspiration to me and to the her hobby, Carolyn said she might someday consider members of the Savannah Second Branch. I believe becoming a professional genealogist. Already she's

that the work of this girl would be an inspiration to worked 2,500 hours in research."

AUGUST 1964 659 CONDUCTEDteachingBY THE CHURCH V/

UNIFIED SCHOOL SYSTEM

What about your other

BY NEIL J. FLINDERS The obvious in life often affects us the most. But,

INSTRUCTOR, OGDEN INSTITUTE OF RELIGION paradoxically, the obvious is often obscure. Perhaps

Any teacher who recognizes that it takes more than the failure of many teachers to pay due attention to the title to teach also realizes that preparation prethis other preparation is an example of how man is so cedes successful presentation. Time and effort must often ignorant of the obvious—not wilfully ignorant,

be allotted and expended on the manual; on supplebut ignorant by default.

mentary materials; on reflection of personal experiMost people are deadline conscious. They fulfil

ences; on the personality, needs, and experiences of responsibility according to deadlines that are imclass members; on sequence; on involvement techposed—always doing those things first which must be

niques; and so forth. Yes, the conscientious teacher done by a certain time. In this way quality is subdoes these many things and perhaps more. But what jected to quantity and time often distorts true priority.

about the other preparation? Consequently, the pressures created by the classroom

Every teacher who stands before a class must make to deal with students and lesson materials on a daytwo preparations. The first, as indicated above, today or weekto-week basis veils the tremendous

pertains to the course material—the subject matter and importance of this other preparation. There are few

its transmission to specific students. Most teachers if any deadlines associated with selforganization and

are poignantly aware of this responsibility—this analysis in most educational programs. Therefore,

preparation and its adequacy or inadequacy. But these aspects of growth are very easy to neglect.

there is another preparation that transcends and Further, the pressures of the classroom encourage the envelops the immediacy of course work and class teacher to become preoccupied with the immediate membership. It is the philosophy of life that the task of meeting students and delivering the lesson.

teacher emanates as an educator. This is the preparaThe tragedy of this situation lies in the fact that

tion that began in the cradle—no, even before that. success in teaching is very shallow where this other

It is this preparation that imbues the lesson of the preparation is inadequate. In fact, a teacher with

day with a glow of success or the colorless blur excellent academic training, clever techniques, and of failure. flawless presentation may well become as "sounding

Now, admittedly, everyone has a philosophy of brass."Rhetorically he may roll on and on, but his

life—patterns or ways of behaving in the light of past true value, his lasting influence on character educaexperiences. But this is not enough. To teach effection, will be meager indeed.

tively one must be able to transpose this way of life A fundamental task of the teacher, then, is to draw into a philosophy of education that can be projected out of obscurity this additional responsibility of and, in turn, be felt by others. Therefore, if one's preparation; to place it firmly in the light of congoal is the acquisition of excellence in teaching, it sciousness and reckon with it from week to week just

becomes a requirement to seek consciously answers as one reckons with subject material and methodology;

to three questions: (1) As a teacher, why do I think for it is this cumulative preparation that generates

the way I think? (2) As a teacher, why do I feel the the teacher's greatest powers—the powers of attentive

way I feel? ( 3 ) As a teacher, why do I do the things communication, consistent discipline, inspiration, vi-

I do? sion, acceptance, creative attention, and others.

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sought after. Narrowness is not and never has been

conducive to effective human relations.

Second, it is necessary for a person, a teacher, to give himself attention in the form of selfevaluation or introspection. One must be familiar with the world

within as well as with the world without if confidence is to be achieved. A continuous personal inventory of

this type is a necessity for those who would be teachers in more than title. To know thyself is the first step

towards knowing others, and this is the pathway that leads to love and life eternal. One must become so

familiar with himself that he will cease to let anonypreparation?

mous circumstances dictate the direction of his development and will begin to exercise the powers within himself to purposefully and consciously create

The problem, however, is mastering the effort, dethe circumstances of his life. This power of personal

sire, and direction necessary to extend one's inherent navigation is one of the fruits of selfevaluation.

philosophy of life to the point where it will manifest Third, the teacher must be an avid student of itself in the form of a productive philosophy of eduhuman behavior. The attribute of empathy that is

cation. This is not an easy task, and it cannot be within oneself must be cultivated. A significant deaccomplished by ignoring effective classroom techgree of sensitivity is essential in understanding and

nique, familiarity with subject matter, and other communicating with others. It is in fact a most vital

practical aspects of teaching. element in the process of communication. And teachIt would be presumptuous to propose that the soluing is primarily communication. Telling is one thing,

tion of this problem could be committed to and combut being heard in idea as well as in sound is municated through the written word, even if the writer quite another.

possessed a clearcut solution—which he does not. Fourth, as a religious educator, the teacher must

Here, as in so many other realms of life, the process seek to achieve a companionship with the functions cannot be specified in detail. Hence, it cannot be of life that will strengthen his faith in the value of

transmitted by a prescription, since no prescription for existence. Such a companionship with life is the

it exists. Like the skills of artisans that are passed derivative of adequate knowledge properly integrated

on from master to apprentice, success in this instance with experience. This means that one must repeatedly

will come only through individual efforts of repeencounter the unknown and adapt to it in a healthy, titious practice. successful manner. Without this foundation in himBut what must be practised? How can something self, it is impossible for the teacher to become a pillar

so abstract be dealt with? These are justifiable quesfor his students to lean upon as they struggle with the

tions with less than satisfactory answers. There are, conflicts of growth and development. This discovery

however, directional suggestions and perhaps these of the unknown always constitutes a danger to the will lead to some personal insights of immeasurable status quo. But a continual probing of this shore of

value if those who read them will adequately discuss wonder, though fraught with some dangers, is an them with their friends. Consider the following: integral part of progression.

First, one needs to feel the past and to feel the In conclusion it should be recognized that this future if there is to be a dynamic and effective proother preparation demands more time and more conjection into the present. The personality which sistent effort than the weekly or daily lesson. It also

projects itself best is the personality that is most demands a seeking for and submission to powers acutely aware of and in tune with life. A person beyond the self.

with such a personality possesses a vitality that in- "And the Spirit shall be given unto you by the fluences all with whom he comes in contact. To live prayer of faith; and if ye receive not the Spirit ye

in a rut is to quell this power and foster a stagnation shall not teach."(D&C 42:14. Italics added.)

that is depressing rather than invigorating to students. When one is seeking the answers, he is on the right

Like any good reporter, a teacher must be in touch road. Success lies in this direction. In antithesis to

with the world if he expects to interpret it to others. this, there is a warning: When one has found all the

There is a certain wholeness, a balance that must be answers, he is nigh unto failure.

AUGUST 1964 661 Anything Short of Your Full not to deviate from the accepted the man with the one talent to acchurch pattern of the clean, moral, count for its use the same as he did

Potential Isn't Good Enough and wholesome life. the men who had received two and

It seems in the churchprepared five talents each.

(Continued from page 643) lessons the subject of chastity has The Prophet Joseph Smith debeen somewhat neglected. We clared, "God judges men according

the perplexing and demanding probshould vitalize the gospel with all to the use they make of the light lems of our day, we are not placing of its truths and principles into the which he gives them."How easy

emphasis where it is most needed, lives of youth and motivate them to it is for those of limited endowin the field of moral uprightness and keep their lives clean and pure bements to develop an inferiority chastity of lives. Here is a great fore the Lord. complex and refrain from activity

challenge to the MIA. Perhaps we The MIA has a great challenge in and service because of fear of men.

need a new personal vision, a new the field of youth guidance to counJesus, in his parable, emphasized approach, a field of teaching with a sel and direct young people into true that weakness when he quoted the positive application for the values patterns of moral behavior and man with the one talent as saying, and the joys of a clean, moral, and righteousness that will assure them "And I was afraid, and went and upright life. The auxiliaries do not and their posterity the full measure hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there

replace home responsibility or the of blessings offered by the gospel of thou hast that is thine."(Matt.

bishop or home teachers in these imour Lord. The hearts and minds of 25:25.)

portant matters, but working with all of us in MIA must bend to this The Lord in our day has warned:

youth can be most helpful and engreat challenge. We do have a "But with some I am not well

couraging to them. With an underproblem. Therefore, we must recogpleased for they will not open their

standing of gospel truths, principles, nize that the ways of the world with mouths, but they hide the talent standards, and ideals youth should its moral laxities are creeping in which I have given unto them, beearly and firmly make up their among our choice young people. cause of the fear of man. Wo unto

minds concerning the course they Without condemning, we must reach such, for mine anger is kindled will follow when faced with temptaout in love and understanding with against them.

tion and the urge to sin or do any a program which will guide them al- "And it shall come to pass, if they wrong or unjust act. Encourage ways in the true ways of the Lord. are not more faithful unto me, it

them, with understanding, to build If youth are so unfortunate as to shall be taken away, even that which the strength, will, and courage sin and transgress the moral code, they have."(D&C 60:2-3.)

.. Wherefore, I give unto themnecessary to resist all temptations they must not give up and surrender ".

to do evil and to keep themselves to their mistakes. The Lord has a commandment, thus: Thou shalt

free from sin with its sorrows promised forgiveness to those who not idle away thy time, neither shalt and heartaches. truly repent of their sins with all thou bury thy talent that it may not

MIA has an excellent, simplified, their hearts. Therefore, teach youth be known."(Ibid., 60:13.)

and compelling program. Without that in the gospel of our Lord are When talents are developed

loss of purpose or objectives it could two glorious principles, namely, rethrough wise use, our capacities plan to do fewer things better and pentance and forgiveness. There is expand, and our abilities increase to

not get lost in the process of carryhope and peace of soul for the acquire other choice gifts of the ing out the full program regardless truly repentant. spirit. With these perfected attainof the size of the branch, ward, or The MIA program is planned to ments our lives become more fruitunit. With too much activity young give opportunity to develop the naful, joyful, and happy. MIA meets

people are often physically run down tive endowments and talents of this challenge by furnishing opporand develop mental fatigue causing youth. What a marvelous blessing tunities for expression and worthy

emotional disturbances which may if all young people can be encouractivity under trained, faithful, departially account for the present aged, yes, persuaded, to cultivate voted leaders and teachers.

moral decline among them. Is MIA the gifts and talents God has beWe should always remember that

exerting the proper influence upon stowed upon them by the spirit in the souls of the children of God are youth by placing emphasis upon all cultural, intellectual, and spiritual precious. It is the responsibility of

moral standards in such a positive fields of activity. These opportuniall MIA workers to search out every

way that youth will be motivated to ties for enrichment of life are propotential member, neglecting none, live according to church standards vided for them in MIA. If all for the purpose of bringing or keepand ideals? You should be encourunderstood the profound spiritual ing him in the fold of the Lord. My

aged to put on the whole armor of significance of the parable of the brothers and sisters, write this rerighteousness as a protection against talents given by our Lord, they sponsibility indelibly upon the tabthose of evil mind and intent and would know that regardless of lets of your hearts as you labor with thus keep virtue enthroned on its whether few or many gifts are given these sacred charges, the children high pedestal as a desirable charthe Lord expects us to use them of God. Always make yourselves

acter attribute and quality. Young wisely. In so doing we may gain available when a boy or girl needs

people who come under MIA superother talents, and thus by constant you. Do not be guilty of losing

vision are blessed with knowledge achievement, perfection of the soul any boy or girl, young man or young of their sacred trust to protect can be ultimately realized. woman, whom you are personally

virtue, develop proper attitudes, reJesus did not differentiate beresponsible for. Represented as you

straints, and selfcontrol in all relatween the man with five talents and are on the bishop's council with the tionships with the opposite sex, and the man with only one. He expected help of the new Priesthood Home

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Teaching Program, there is no exteaching. MIA leaders cannot afford given to holy prophets of God cancuse for nonenlisted members. to go off on program and activity not be improved upon. Your reStudy and use this priesthood plan tangents, nor teachers to give their sponsibility in the teaching and difor the assistance you may require personal views and ideas which are rection of youth is to keep vividly

to activate potential MIA members. not in harmony with the revealed before them the eternal values

Set a good example in your pertruths of God. Our responsibility is represented in all that pertains to

sonal lives, and with confidence say to build faith and testimony into the gospel of our Lord with its to those whom you serve, "Come the hearts and minds of all we serve. ideals, standards, and everlasting

follow me and do the things which The teachings of the Master as conprinciples.

you see me do."tained in the gospel plan and The world we live in has entered

Be orthodox in programing and the commandments and revelations into a new era of its history. This

is the socalled atomic age. Science

and technology seem to predominate.

Almost everything connected with life's activities has changed and is tremendously speeded up. Unusual

and tremendous demands, never known before, are required of us.

THE is expected More and more 'REACH TO THE INVISIBLE

SPOKENformerly. time than Therefore, WORD WORLD"everincreasing efficiency isin lessdemanded. The Church is a part of

this fastmoving world. Its work

also must be stepped up to meet the challenge of our time. The memRICHARD L. EVANS bership of the Church and the

honest in heart everywhere are yet

There is much said at this season for those who are moving into serious to be saved.

and permanent pursuits. As we look to what is to be valued, to what With all that is happening today"

is to be attained, to what is to be cherished, it is well to remember that in fulfilment of prophecy, it isn't there must be balance. In the urgent quest for material attainment there difficult to understand that these are

should be nurturing of mind and spirit, and of the human heart, and of the last days of God's providence to morals and manners and essential qualities of character. "Do not be man. The speed of God's work as

satisfied merely with the visible world,"said Edward S. Martin. "The it marches forward today is evithings of which your senses alone make you aware are not enough. You denced by the eagerness with which

may satisfy all your senses and still not be satisfied.... Reach out to... tens of thousands of sincere people

the invisible world... to your character, to your better understanding of are listening to and accepting the

life.... Go out on a clear night and look at the sky. It is as though message of the restored gospel. This

an ant came out of an ant hill and climbed a tree and looked around. When substantiates the lateness of time to

you... see the stars, you get some idea of the real size and variety of prepare ourselves and the world for

things.... The visible world is important to you while you are in it and the glorious second coming of our

a part of it.... You have to work with tangible, finite things... but... Lord. Increasing numbers of diafter one has considered all the improvements... all the increases of vinely called messengers to proclaim

knowledge... what is the main resulting conclusion?... that the imthe truths of the gospel are vital to

portant thing of all is man.... The great thing is to live.... Some of our the success of God's purposes and

predecessors in human life knew a surprising amount about living... work. Already the demand for such

but for one reason or another... their civilizations pretty well perished messengers far exceeds the number

with them.... The great difficulty man has found has been in being who are called to missionary service.

good.... The great reason usually given and accepted why civilizations Truly, the fields of the Lord are

did not last better is that human creatures never learned the great lesson white for the harvest with too few of deportment completely enough to endure prosperity.... If we can harvesters engaged in this important

learn to be good there is a fair chance that civilization will be permanent. and wonderful soulsaving assignIf we cannot... it will break down under us."1 With all the knowledge, ment. Therefore, another charge to

with all the improvements and progress, there still has not been found the MIA is to inspire young men, a better set of standards, a better code of conduct than that given by the and young women, where possible,

Master of mankind some twenty centuries since. Knowledge, talents, tools, to develop through activity a desire

and techniques could make of this world a heaven on earth, if balanced to fulfil honorable church missions.

with morals and manners, and things of the spirit, and essential qualities This is truly a great day for the of character. So this to the young moving into life: There must be balance. Church, for the opportunities to

And along with all else, be a human, compassionate, honorable, a moral teach the gospel were never greater openLord is freely now. The responsibleand person. "You may satisfy all your senses and still not than

.. "1 It for proselyting work. ing doors satisfied.be

would be a mistake, knowing the

Edward S. Martin, Commencement Reflections, Harper's Monthly Magazine, July 1924. great destiny of the Church, if we

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia did not walk through those open

Broadcasting System, June 7, 1964. Copyright 1964. doors and teach the glorious truths

AUGUST 1964 663 of the restored gospel to all who are MIA and that you are spiritually enLord. I know we are on the right

honest in heart and willing to listen. thusiastic. You recognize the imtrack. I know we have the right

Graduating trained young missionportance of your callings or you program. I am grateful for these

aries back into the ranks of the would not be assembled in this dedicated general board members

Church adds strength in all departgathering of MIA leaders and teachwho do so much in the interest of ments of church service, unquesers and other officers today. This you and youth. I pray humbly that

tionably building the kingdom of program has tremendous potential, God's blessings shall always attend

God in the eyes of the people and and anything short of our best in you, that you will remain on the making it a tremendous power for this work is not good enough. We job, be effective in your work, and

good and righteousness in the afshould measure up to our potential, find the joy and happiness that can fairs of men throughout the world. our capacities, our abilities. This is come to the soul who does his or

Ideal courtship with avowed tem- a great day of service to those who her work well. This I humbly pray

ple marriage should be the goal and are called in the program of our in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

standard of Latterday Saint youth.

Young people who sacrifice virtue or who marry out of the temple or out of the Church ofttimes lose present and future church privileges, yet in their own hearts may feel that they are not forsaking oppor-... CHARACTERtunities for everlasting blessings. KNOWLEDGE

However, their disregard or failure RESPONSIBILITY...

to comply with gospel teachings and the counsel of the Lord's servants often leads to inactivity, loss of testimony, and sacrifice of blessings promised to those who will walk in RICHARD L. EVANS

the straight and narrow paths of the Lord. Salvation and exaltation We would recall some words that are especially suited to a season when

can come only from full obedience students are leaving school and coming into careers. In the Stability of

to gospel principles, truths, and Truth, David Starr Jordan said: "Precepts of virtue are useless unless they

ordinances, and a willingness to give can be built into life.... The essence of characterbuilding lies in action.

one's life in devoted service to our... The habit of finding out the best thing to do next, and then doing it,

Lord. Young people of the Church is the basis of character.... Wisdom... is knowing what is best to do

must be helped to realize that a next. Virtue is doing it. Doing right becomes a habit, if it is pursued long

clean mind and body make for hapenough. It becomes a 'second nature'.... Learning to know what is

piness now. They don't need to right and why it is right, [and] doing it... is the basis of character....

wait for future years to reap all the The moral character is based on knowing the best, choosing the best, and dividends of a clean life. Also doing the best.... It is the clinching of good purposes with good actions

teach youth what constitutes a true that makes the man."1 These words bring to mind a statement from an

Latterday Saint home. Encourage unknown source which says, "A man is not paid for having brains but for

them to prepare for parenthood and using them."2 Students are not paid for learning but for using their

to understand their responsibilities learning. They are not paid merely for knowing principles, but for living

to their children as directed by the and preserving principles. And along with the ability to learn, there must

Lord in the revelations. be a willingness to take responsibility, not holding back, not ignoring

Organize, plan, and administer any obligation, not permitting any indifference to "duty. Recently a deeply

the MIA program in such a manner disappointed person was heard to say: "No one does what he says he will

that every MIA worker will be most do. I can't find anyone to follow through, to take real responsibility."

efficient and faithful in the perThis couldn't be literally true. If it were, the world wouldn't run. But

formance of everything pertaining it is too often true. There is nothing within reason that a young person

to his or her assignments. Finally, cannot have, cannot achieve, if he is willing to prepare, willing to learn,

help youth by your good teaching, willing to work, willing to take real responsibility, willing to follow through.

worthy example, wise guidance, acBut it can't be done with shoddiness or shortcuts, or by casual or carefree tivity participation, and sendee, convenience. Knowledge, learning, work, accepting real responsibility,

build strong faith and testimonies to character, and trustworthy conduct—with these there is as much opporachieve the ideal and everlastingly tunity as ever there was, indeed, much more. And to you who are moving

rewarding, happy life. into the work of life—with these there can be a bright future for you,

I know, brothers and sisters, there but it requires these qualities of mind and morals, these qualities of conare many challenges to the MIA in duct and character. "The future,"said Emerson, "belongs to those who

this presentation, and I present them prepare for it"3—and who work for it, and live for it.

sincerely. As I travel about the

Church, I am impressed by the need ] David Starr Jordan, Stability of Truth: "Reality and Education."

of this great organization to carry -Author3Attributedunknown.to Emerson by Charles B. Shuman in an address to the American Farm Bureau Federaout many if not all of the suggestions tion 1960.

which I have made. I recognize "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

that you are doing a good job in Broadcasting System, May 24, 1964. Copyright 1964.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Put an arm around a young man's shoulder

Business and industry are helping to pay the costs of today's education

If you've sent any sons or daughters to college lately, this year for scholarships, fellowships, grants and you are no stranger to the rising costs of education. materials for schools and colleges.

Tuition rates have increased as much as 300 per cent Our scholarships and fellowships have no strings since 1950. attached. We do not select the recipients, nor do we

Are the schools making ends meet? Hardly. At most expect them to come to work in our Company.

colleges and universities, the tuition you pay covers It's simply a way of putting an arm around the less than half the cost of your child's education. shoulders of promising young men and women. And

Someone has to provide the remainder. helping to answer the plea

America's corporations are contributing in many "Give us more trained minds to ways. Standard will provide nearly $1*4 million serve the nation."

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

AUGUST 1964 665 Suggestions for the However, sometimes much may be twice to determine the extent and

Beginning Teacher lostdisciplineif a teacherin orderrelaxesto winhisapproval.rules of realityA teacherof theiris limits.sometimes able to

The students have almost uncanny motivate the development of fine (Continued from page 657) ability to judge the standards of relationships through close associadiscipline the teacher feels must be tion with his students outside the enforced, and they will often conclassroom. A discussion in the hall

peace, undisturbed by the problems form to these standards if they are before class or while walking home of everyday living. In a somewhat firm, after testing them out once or with some of the students is a condetached manner they wonder why

men, who are all brothers, should create such trouble for one another by their selfishness, inhumanity, and failure to obey the laws of God.

Soon the balloon begins to descend.

landing, the several milesDuring THE SPOKEN MARRIAGE - AND HONESTY site, their the launching gonIfrom A..dola is rapidly bumped over the WORD BEFORE AND AFTER.

ground as the nearly deflated balloon becomes a giant sail, catching the air from a stiff breeze. Rescue

involves radio communication with their ambulance driver and a brave RICHARD L. EVANS

and exciting chase over the hot desert. Their experience proves that "Character,"said Josiah Holland, "must stand behind and back up everyco-operation, mutual trust in one thing... Z'1 As this applies to marriage, there must be honesty before as

another, and quick thinking are well as after: "Before two persons enter into a business partnership there

realistic assets in time of emergency. is a frank [statement] of their... assets and liabilities,"wrote a magistrate

3. In 1849 Lorenzo Snow (who who had observed the problems of many partnerships. "Contrast this to

later became President of the Church the usual preliminaries to that most important of all partnerships—marat age 84) was living with his wife riage.... [Often] there is... a glossing over of the liabilities... the

and family at Salt Lake City. When failings; an exaggeration of the assets.... It is natural for youth to put

asked to serve as a missionary in its best foot forward in [courting].... This is not pretension—merely

Italy, he gladly consents, and prays optimism, ambition.... But what of [those] who pretend to be what

he will fulfil his mission and safely they are not? who... pretend virtues they do not possess; pretend keen

return to his family. He joins a interest in matters that really bore them... [pretend tolerance] in matters

group of about thirty others who upon which thy are intolerant.... The disillusionments due to false

plan to travel across the plains topretensions come quickly.... Haste and youth is one of the most frequent

ward Missouri. In Indian country causes for unsuccessful marriage,"2 this magistrate continued. He spoke

their worst fears are realized when of a young man who borrowed an impressive car and pretended it was about 200 warriors approach on thenhis own and spent borrowed money in lavish entertainment. The awakenmustangs at great speed. They are ing quickly followed a runaway marriage. Haste and youth, honesty,

painted and armed for war and apdeception, pretension—these are words to reckon with. Mention is made

pear determined to annihilate the of a young man who simulated piety to impress a girl he felt he must entire party. When they come have. He accompanied her to church and pretended to agree fully with

within shooting range, they stop her faith, while saying to himself that after marriage such things wouldn't suddenly. After a short council of much matter, that each could go his own way. Then came a child, and

war, and for reasons unknown to the "then began the religious tug of war, whether it was to follow father or pioneers, the Indians turn their mother. There is no more bitter form of dissension...."3 "Hearts may

qualities,"said attracted the affections are assumed by Moy, "but Dehorses slowly retreat across the be and real."that are not incidents but to be fixed and observa- 4 These by thosedesert. feels certain Lorenzo Snow

that his prayers have been answered tions come down to one solid conclusion: that marriage is the most

and that it is God's will that he momentous commitment of life, and that to have a reasonable assurance complete his mission and return of success it must be based on mature judgment, on honesty both before to Utah. and after, and on a basic compatibility of convictions and character. Love

is important, exceedingly so. Life would be less or little without love.

But love must be accompanied by maturity and honesty and solid qualities

TeacherStudent of character, before and after marriage, with an honest forthright facing

Relationships of facts. "Character must stand behind and back up everything.. "x

including marriage and romance.

Discipline in the classroom becomes simpler when the teacher has josiah Gilbert Holland (181981), American author.

a close personal relationship with sSee2The ibid.Honorable John J. Freschi, city magistrate of the City of New York, Delineator, March 1913.

each student, and when the rela4De Moy, quoted in New Dictionary of Thoughts.

tionship is based upon mutual re- "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia spect, understanding, and affection. Broadcasting System, June 14, 1964. Copyright 1964.

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN PAYS J100 WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drink sickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else narcotics. or liquor everything On Fill application right mail out below and for so pay premiums why fully at you're amazingly low protected—will policy approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! mailed. begins at promptly Coverage noon see in your newspaper dayEvery you policy. of date deon effective Don't your 3. loss evidence for that benefits drinking smoking andmore Other lay. almost people enter Every 50,000 day life. ofshorten America's They're one now of accident 90 within days hospitals. get protection now. So your healthleading prime cause problems—a policy). in (as described pay $2000 We hospitalirates highof the most premium accidental for cash death. cash $2000 Or

policies charge.zation of foot, sight of loss for or one one hand, GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

loss for of carefully. over policy eye. Read minyour cash your both Ask one $6000 Or are rates based your on Our it. ister, doctor lawyer sure and examine Be feet. eyes, hands, or both both

it it provides exactly Then, what say towe superior health, all at satisnot if reason are for any you 100%does. nondrinkeras nonsmoker. a and The to just mail policy us within back your invite close 30 comparison We

will immediately fied,days we refund enand your HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire questions asked. premium. can You No offertion unbelievably Plan can low you risk dollars. thousands nothing. gain..you of is like ours. other Actually, comno But drinkersrates accept because not do we

rates. save. See pare you what rates. Also, smokers, cause highand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OUT AND MAILTODA BEFORE ITS TOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT)..

1. You receive $100 cash weekly—StreetCity or RD #.Zone. TAX FREE—even for life, Age Date of Birth..County,.State.

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height..Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect. 2.

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, except pregnancy, any act of war or miliTo the best of your knowledge and belief, are you and all members listed above in good health tary service, preexisting accidents or and free from any physical impairment, or disease? Yes Nop

To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above listed had medical advice or

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include year first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, please Yes stating person affected, cause, date, name and addresspremium with application. No

fully recovered. of physician,D whether and attending

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply and under pays *2ao $28 for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the adult Each written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 Date:. Signed:X

Each adult ATIAT 65100 pays $590 *59 Mail this application with your first premium to 873

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Ltbertyville, Illinois

AUGUST 1964 667 venient time to become better acthem. A possible solution: accept achieve immediate perfection in

quainted. The informality of the the reality of the situation and have maintaining order in their classes.

occasional class party may be used to the occasional problem students—Don't be discouraged! Decide how

develop good relationships. Show without anger, prejudice, or bitteryou want your students to behave

a sincere interest in the students'ness—placed in another class by and have confidence in your ability

hobbies and accomplishments, and themselves. But who will teach to achieve your goals ultimately.

let them know you are proud of them and is there an empty room The following suggestions may be them when they make positive available? A class of one or two helpful:

achievements in any area. students may be held almost any- 1. Arrange the chairs and remove

where, in a corner of the stage or (or stack) the surplus furniture bePhysical Facilities Are recreation hall, in the kitchen, in fore class begins.

steps or basement, back on the in the room before the stu- 2. BeImportant the

). ( if the arrive. weather The averdents is warm

The appearance of the classroom age teacher will find them quite 3. Give the students the impreshas a great influence upon the deeasy to handle after they are sepasion that "order will be maintained."

corum of the students and may conrated from their audience, the regu- 4. Arrange dramatic presentations

tribute toward rapid and positive lar students of their class. of lesson material.

learning. And it is too late to reIn many instances, after a class or 5. Let each child know you like

arrange the furniture quietly and two by themselves, occasional probhim and that you are personally ineffectively after the students have lem students may ask to return to terested in his accomplishments.

arrived. If the students enter a the regular group. If they learn 6. Sometimes it is helpful if an

room which is in perfect order, they from experience that disturbing in adult joins your class to lend status will more readily respond to a reclass will result in a loss of status and dignity and to "hold down"quest for their attention. and enforced removal from the some of the more noisy children.

Sometimes "all is lost"for at least class, they will find satisfaction in 7. Continue to examine, to evalufive minutes if the students reach conforming. In any event, it may ate, and to change your teaching

the classroom first. With no "aube wise sometimes to use this methods constructively.

thority"present there is a natural method with dignity and under- 8. Make adequate preparation and

tendency to scuffle, to fight for a standing to help prevent the "rare depend upon frequent prayers, pafavorite chair or window, or to hide problem student"from disturbing tience, and hard work.

behind doors or boxes. This frivolous the most important hour in the week 9. Strive to have your class charatmosphere is easily discouraged if for the teacher and his students. acterized by order, interest, and

the teacher pleasantly greets the controlled enthusiasm. Students and

students as they enter, suggesting Conclusions teachers appreciate and profit from in a persuasive but quiet manner a class in which discipline is adethat they wait in their seats until the New teachers should not expect to quate and learning is spontaneous.

class president officially calls the students to order.

The Rare Problem Student TRAIN WHISTLE

In some instances, one or two stuBY FRANCES HALL dents will give the impression that their primary objective during the In the far valley of childhood entire class period is to torment the When the train's voice cried at midnight teacher and to keep the others from Its praise of other places learning. Such an unfortunate situAs it moved past our meadows,

ation is unusual, but it happens often I would turn in my sleep, enough to be given consideration. Responsive to this invocation of distance:

Dramatic stories, role playing, and Past the mist on the river, visual aids are not effective. These Past the paleness of willow trees.

students sometimes laugh boisterPast the sleeping fields and the silent houses ously at inappropriate times, repeat My heart would go shouting of cities certain words or phrases to emphaAnd seas and ships and people.

size the wrong meaning, or wildly act out the quiet descriptions given So now when a train speaks at midnight by the teacher. They laugh at the Of the joy of a journey,

prospect of a mild shaking which is Having known all its opulent terminals, sometimes threatened by a frusMy heart whispers of a far valley trated teacher. Suggestions from Where I could wake on a bright morning

the bishop, effective with most chilIn a room filled with meadow scents dren, have little perceptible influAnd remember a child's dream of cities ence. Cutting remarks do more And ships and seas and people

harm than good, and to send these In lands that never were.

children home until they learn to sit still may be the first step in losing For I have been to see.

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

01964, Continental Oil Company

AUGUST 1964 669 Survival to bring in some of the abandoned weighed seventy pounds. We

packs...."She looked at us quizzimarched into camp and deposited

cally. "Do you think you two the pack at Eva May's feet.

(Continued from page 655) might...?"Jessie, arms loaded with firewood,

"Sure thing! Sure thing! We'll walked over to us.

be glad to."Again we answered in "You look tired, Jessie,"I said.

four. Dawne, the indomitable, unison. "We'll bring our packs into "Why don't you lie down for a bit?"

(whom I suspected of having a camp and be right back.""I'm all right. I'm fine,"she anbuilt-in booster) flew from one end "You'd better rest a bit. There's swered. But her eyes looked glassy

of the trail to the other juggling no hurry,"said Glenna. to me. I knew she had a pretty

packs as if they were feather pillows! Where our energy came from I bad cold, though she hadn't comTwo hikers in front of me alterdon't know. But we fairly bounced plained once. "Why don't you lie

nated carrying an extra pack. I into camp, unloaded our packs, down? You look tired,"Jessie said.

apologized for not helping. They picked a campsite near a stream, That's what I hoped she'd say!

understood. devoured squashed hardboiled eggs, I looked longingly at the plump

I resigned myself to plodding up squashed cheese, and squashed raisin sleeping bags and luxuriated in the the trail for the rest of my life. I cake. A camper came by. She'd prospect of a five minute nap. But

was sure we'd climbed to twelve lost her lunch on the trail so we with everyone busy gathering wood, thousand feet at least. shared. setting up tents, and preparing

The path widened. I heard the Just as Shirley and I started back supper, I didn't have the nerve to

splash of water. From somewhere down the trail, we met three packlie down.

Shirley materialized, and we walked laden campers. One was Glenna. Shirley and I roasted weenies and

together again. We rounded a "I think they're all taken care of,"cooked dehydrated soup and dehycurve and saw packs strewn along said Glenna. "But..."her voice drated beans, while the others

the side of the trail. wavered slightly, "maybe... maybe struggled with aluminum foiled

"Must be the end!"I cried. you might carry this pack into steaks, hamburgers, and vegetables.

We looked below. Jessie and camp.... It must weigh fifty We'd no sooner finished eating

lour other hikers were sitting on pounds."than two blasts of a whistle called

the rocks beside a noisy waterfall. We helped ease the pack off her us to the campfire circle.

We stripped off our packs and shoulders. I recognized it. It was Dawne opened the campfire meetscrambled down the hill to join them. Eva May's pack! The one with the ing, Glenna at her side. After a

"Is this it? Are we here?"geology books! prayer, Dawne called on each of us

Everyone laughed. No. Just a Shirley and I carried it together to introduce ourselves. There were

quarter of a mile more. But what for awhile. Then separately. Then two other nonMormons besides me.

a wonderful place to eat lunch! Both we tried dragging it. It must have Each of the six groups presented a

Shirley and I had left our sack lunch new observation about nature and a tied to our packs. Shirley started poem or a story.

up the hill. Jessie handed me half I learned how to find North by the

of a carrot. sandwich and her ham

called Shirley me. down to "Shall REMEMBERING tostarsourthencampsite.couldn't find my way back

I get the lunch and bring it down, BY ROWENA JENSEN BILLS By the time I crawled into my or shall we go on to camp?"sleeping bag, fully dressed except

"On to camp!"I called back. Remembering the orchards in for boots, I was too stimulated to

Sandwich in one hand and a carrot their white and pink array, sleep. My head ached. I tried to

in the other, I scrambled up the hill. Emerald fern, the brown low brush, find the big dipper, the little dipper,

Halfway up I reached Shirley. We yellow bells in May, the North Star. I couldn't. I guess

shared Jessie's sandwich and carrot. they were worn out, too; or hiding

Never had food tasted so good. I The peacefulness of turquoise sky behind pine trees. I gulped the

looked at my watch. It was 3:30. mirrored in the brook, clean air. My headache subsided. I

We'd been on the trail for almost Lazy, tranquil clouds above, fell asleep.

four hours! secluded, shaded nook, Sometime during the night I

Now the ascent was gradual. We awoke. It was light, though the sky

saw campsites ahead. I felt fine. My Far pastures where the cattle grazed, was still dark! I looked over my

pack didn't feel heavy any more. bowlegged calves at play, shoulder... and saw a fat moon

Shirley said she felt fine, too. Long, low roofs of house and barn; hanging on a pine bough.

sleep. I couldn't on back I was and Glenna were coming smell of newmown hay, Dawne

of enormity the what trail. The us.toward

Golden glory of waving wheat we'd done overwhelmed me. Thirty-

"Need any help?"They stopped. in the morning breeze, three women had climbed a mounThey were both smiling, but I deThe call of meadow lark at dawn tain. And I was one of them.

tected a hint of anxiety in their eyes. from the thick, branched trees, I had climbed a mountain!

"Nope! We're fine. Just great."Not an Everest. Not a Whitney.

It sounded as if Shirley and I had Gray, dry wood of garden gate, Actually not more than 7,000 feet rehearsed. lowswung maple swing, high. But a very personal, crumbly,

"Well...."Dawne's voice trailed Remembering my youth! Rememrocky, spindly, stubborn mountain!

off. "Glenna and I are going back bering, remembering! I relived my own struggle. I saw

6 70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Be TRIM, RELAXEDConnie struggling up the trail with my pack. I wept. From her action

I'd learned more than I could'velearned from a thousand books. PHYSICALLY FIT

alone from her Not had I learned.

I'd everyone. learned from Not This New, Vital "PushButton"Way

through words, but through actions!

I'd witnessed and experienced the capacity of human beings to endure.

I'd seen the unquestioned hand, heart, and spirit of one human being giving to another.

I closed my eyes and saw a chain of people snaking up the side of a mountain. Separate and yet together. Bound with an invisible

rope of love! It could be nothing

else. You love every footstep of

every woman in front of you, the voice and breath of every woman behind you. I saw more. The will

to survive!

In the morning I crawled reluctantly out of my sleeping bag and pulled on my boots. Shirley

and I wanted to practise our firemaking skill. We found an unused

fire grate nearby. Our first joint

attempt at a tepee fire fizzled because we didn't stack the kindling properly nor use enough tinder.

(See how much we knew?) Our

crisscross fire blazed gloriously!

Shirley made dollarsize pancakes in the twoinch frying pan she'd fastened to her belt and brought with her for the sole purpose of making dollarsize pancakes! (Survival is a delicate business.

After breakfast the camp was a blur of activity. Wherever I looked

I saw women tying knots, honing knives, sharpening axes, tying bandages, lashing poles. And I was one GENE FULLMER

of them. Former World's Middleweight Champion

And wherever I looked I saw You can feel better and look better in only 15 minutes a day... even after 35.

Connie, Dawne, Glenna helping, EXERCYCLE'S EXCLUSIVE ALLBODY ACTION encouraging, testing.

motordriven scientific Exercycle ex- (the with development I Amazing I saw. at what I marveled

clusive AllBody brings Action) active into parts play the of same your each becausemarveled I knew use body you would in swimming, rowing, cycling riding. horseback and

woman was as weary as I. But I

knew we all burned with the fires HOW TO STOP FEELING YOUR YEARS kindled by Connie, Dawne, and The total benefits you get from the AllBody Action of Exercycle are

Glenna. available in no other way. No routiine, no other "health program,"no

By four o'clock in the afternoon, other kind of equipment can do what Exercycle does.

Jessie, Eva May, Barbara, Shirley, Now,EXERCYCLEmore thanyourever,futureyou can'thold affordyour futureless. in your hands. There is only one genuine

and I started home. None of us Please send me, at once, without cost or obligation, the FREE 36page Exercycle Guide to

Fitness, Physical didn't mirror. into look adared with full details in the Exercycle way to keep trim and relaxed, with new We

reserves of energy. look to. All was had to dohave we

at each other, and we saw our own Mr.

reflection. Mrs..

Sunburned noses, matted hair, Miss (Please Print Plainly) glassy eyes, smokegrimed clothes Address.

and hands. We were a mess, and

City Zone State..we knew it. But we didn't care. We

were Campcrafters. We'd survived! Phone EXERCYCLE Salt Lake City

2621612 3607 SOUTH STATE STREET Utah

AUGUST 1964 671

... He gives them the devil, to crush hell under hisHippolytus of the apostles.

... as models and not as invariable, feet, to enlighten the just, establish

fixed texts."21 his testament, and manifest his resur-

( Continued from page 651 As far as he knew, the Sacrament rection, took bread, rendered thanks was to be handled as follows: unto Thee and said: "Take, eat; this

"Let the deacons present the oblais my body which is broken for you."

outstanding importance."17 Rome tion to the bishop who, placing his In the same manner the cup, saysimply was not the focal point of the hands over the latter, in company ing: "This is my blood which is shed

Christian picture in that period. A with the whole quorum of presfor you. When ye do this, do it in

couple of centuries in time and new byters, says the following words of remembrance of me."

traditions of the type Hippolytus opgrace: 'The Lord be with you.'"'We, therefore, being mindful of

posed so strongly would change that "And let all answer: 'And with his death and resurrection, bring

picture, and The Apostolic Tradition thy spirit.'this bread and wine before thee,

would find itself so out of step with "[Bishop:] 'Lift up your hearts/ thanking thee that thou hast judged

"orthodoxy"that it would sink into "[Church:] 'We have them in the us worthy to stand before thee and

oblivion until the middle of the Lord.'serve thee. And we ask thee to send

nineteenth century. "[Bishop:] 'Let us return thanks thy Holy Spirit into the offering of

The renowned church historian to the Lord.'this, thy Church, and, in uniting

Hans Lietzmann felt that of all the "[Church:] 'That is right and them as a congregation, grant unto

"confessions of Christ"written after proper.'all the saints who partake of it that

the close of the first century AD, "the "And let him [the Bishop] conthey be filled with thy Holy Spirit most important is contained in tinue: 'We thank thee, O God, to strengthen their faith in the truth,

the earliest surviving eucharistic through thy beloved Son, Jesus that we may praise and glorify thee prayer,"18 which is reported by HipChrist, whom thou hast sent in these through thy Son, Jesus Christ, polytus in The Apostolic Tradition. last times as Savior, Redeemer, and through whom glory and honor be

"From the Roman church, c. A.D. Messenger of thy will, he who is thy to thee, the Father, and to the Son

200,"says Lietzmann, "there has inseparable Word, through whom with the Holy Ghost, now and been preserved the actual wording thou wast well pleased, he whom throughout all time. Amen."

of one of these [eucharistic] formuthou didst send from heaven into Clearly, there are several relaries, and everything essential can the womb of a virgin and who, havmarkable points of comparison bebe clearly inferred from it."19 ing been conceived, took on himself tween Hippolytus'model prayer and

In view of the sacramental prayers a body and manifested himself as the Book of Mormon sacramental translated by Joseph Smith in 1829, thy Son, born of the Holy Ghost and prayers. The former's insistence on

which the LDS Church accepts as a the virgin; he who, in fulfilling thy free improvisation in all communidivine restoration of the manner in will and in raising up a holy people cation with God, though in complete

which Jesus taught his disciples on unto thee, stretched forth his hands agreement with the general spirit of this continent to sanctify the bread as a good shepherd in order that, the restored Church, is out of and wine, it will of course be of through his suffering, he would free harmony with the Mormon concept extreme interest to members and those that would believe in thee; of invariable wording for the bread,

friends of the Church to see wherehe who, delivering himself volunwine (water), and baptism. The

in, if at all, this "earliest surviving tarily unto this suffering in order to purpose of both prayers, however,

Eucharist prayer,"set down by Hipconquer death and the chains of is the same. What stands out in the

polytus around 200 AD, but not discovered until some time after the publication of the Book of Mormon, is comparable.

Considering that by 200 AD the

Apostles had been killed and the SPENDTHRIFT THINGS church had therefore been without BY DONNA DICKEY GUYER a foundation20 for a good century, picture conditions scarcelyone can paints When I was sixteen, summer nights were cruel, himselfother Hippolytus than them: "Heresies have spread, beparadise wasted in a solitude

cause those who are at the head are where youth and time forever fought a duel, more interested in doing what they and neither one could win the inconstant mood.

want than what the apostles may When I was twentyfive, the summer nights have intended; they do according were tedious affairs for cynics'mocking.

to their own pleasure rather than what is fitting"(Conclusion). HipElysium and myriad delights

polytus himself, while insisting that contained no doors to open at my knocking.

no one has the right to change or But now that 1 am something less than old, innovate, is careful to point out that I keep a little private place in time he is setting down what the elders for spendthrift things like summer nights and gold before him have done. "Nowhere and dreams and stars and thinking thoughts in rhyme.

does he pretend that these formulae I have grown grateful for this hoarding earned, go back just as they are to the time these little bits of wisdom I have learned.

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS with a present appreciated the yearround

Roman priest's model, after all THE IMPROVEMENT ERA these centuries, is precisely the feature that distinguished the Book AN IDEAL GIFT FOR of Mormon prayers, in 1829, from Weddings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends, New Members traditional practices in the church of Rome and those of the Reformers: Lovely gift card sent in your name

Both prayers insist, not on remitting Send only $3.00 for 12 big issues

sins, not on tranor consubstantiation, but simply on church membership, partaking of bread and wine in remembrance of the body and blood of the Savior. Hippolytus'135 South State St. Salt Lake CJty 11, Utah

long preamble, longer than the actual prayer, builds step by step to that particular point, culminating in those simple words of Jesus, "Do this in remembrance of me."One

wonders what heresies Hippolytus hoped to keep from spreading by insisting, in his long preamble, on the fundamental point. 22 He could

scarcely have been more explicit in emphasizing the necessity for spiritual preparation both on the part of officiators and partakers in order that no one "eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily."23 In the course of

itself, conHippolytusthe prayer NEW ON INSURED SAVINGS sin, alltinues to avoid mention of both on the part of the clergy who New increased have been "judged worthy"to serve rate effectiveGod, and on the part of the common RATE! July 1, 1964

membership, called "saints."

as in the Book In Hippolytus, of OPEN YOUR ACCOUNT NOW IN PERSON OR BY MAIL. sanctify the to the requestMormon,

bread and wine to the souls of all those who partake of it was not understood as a signal to God either Six offices to serve you:

to change the emblems into or mix HOME OFFICE: 56 South Main Street

them with the literal flesh and blood INSURED CLEARFIELDSalt Lake City,OFFICE:Utah75 South State,

of the Savior. The sanctification Clearfield, Utah

was to be accomplished by God, HAWAIIANKing & BishopDIVISIONStreets,MAIN OFFICE:

the Hawaii Honolulu, through operate wouldwho Me

OFFICE: Wahiawa, WAHIAWA for. it possible Spirit, makingHoly

Hawaii Oahu, the membership, through their reKANEOHE OFFICE: Kaneohe,membrance of the Savior, to be avings Oahu. Hawaii

filled with the Holy Spirit, to be L. Eugene Clissold, Executive Vice President WAIPAHUOahu, HawaiiOFFICE: Waipahu,

lifted up and unified in their faith and to continue to praise and glorify

God forever according to the way the Savior had shown them.

sacrathe oldest known In spirit, IN USE for SEVENIYFIVE YEARS close rather is in prayermental harmony with those restored through Aids in treatment of Canker, simple the instrumentality of Joseph Smith sore throat and other minor mouth in 1829. As the heresies against and throat irritations.

which Hippolytus was struggling continued to spread, The ApostolicTradition faded into oblivion, ordiHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah nances and doctrines continued to Gourbe changed, and the church became AND apostate. Reformation could curb A NO BREAK - NO SPILL

corruption but could not bring back Pocketsize dispenser for conseTHE NEAR EAST knowledge that had been lost. Only crated olive oil—50c or to quorums Sept. 16 -Oct. 7, 1964

God could restore the truth, and he or bookstores $4 per dozen. Conducted by Neldon Smoot

MRS. JULIUS BOWERS 179 So. State S.L.C. Ph. 3221205

1018 So. McDonald Mesa, Arizona

AUGUST 1964 673

chose to do it in precisely the same Church Moves On from Rexburg and North Rexburg way he had done it all through Old (Idaho) stakes.

and New Testament times. He ( Continued from page 628 Drama festival performancesraised up a Prophet and restored eight presentations in all—were given

the truth through revelation, showin four locations this evening.

ing that he is "... the same Explorado, demonstrating activiyesterday, today, and for ever."in California. Today fifteen of those ties and skills of fifty top Explorer

(Heb. 13:8.) branches have lent their names to posts, was featured this afternoon on

stakes of the Church. the University of Utah campus, as

FOOTNOTES Elder David A. Richards, former part of June conference.

Thilosophoumerui, ix, 11:4. second counselor to President Rooker The first performance of the music

*DanielRops, in L'Eglise des apotres et of San Joaquin Stake, succeeded him festival, with its 2,000 voice chorus des martyrs (Paris: Fayard, 1948, p. 404), as stake president. His counselors from 180 stakes which filled the

fortunate Hippolytus was thatwrites Tabernacle Choir seats about Elders and are M. Wayne Richmond and

it martyr, which made a to dieenough half of the balconies, 100piece plus a Kirby. Melford J. his to remember the for churchpossible

good points and forget the bad. Then, in full symphony orchestra, was pre-

a footnote, DanielRops adds that, until sented in the Tabernacle.

recently, Hippolytus'faults have been The YWMIA camp institute at recent book a "but admitted,generally in Millcreek Tracy Wigwam Hippolytus: Saint to whitewashseems a preconference feaThis was a day set aside for was Canyon (Paris, et Josipe HippolytePierre Nautin's

1947). The rebellion is attributed to a ture of the June conference. departmental sessions at the

is Hippolytus made conference. Josipus,certain and carried This the evening Master Work was MIA M Manfather, reality, in a Church good to be,out in buildings forward throughheld Gleaner banquet Golden many was

heretics treatises against ofauthor many Salt of City. out Building, University at Lake the Union adverin a vehement any manner notbut

sary of the Pope."Utah campus. Here President N. In late afternoon and evening the

3The term is taken from H. Achelis, Eldon Tanner of the First PresiExplorado, drama festivals, and the

Die Altesten Quellen des Orientalischen dency and Sister Tanner were given music festival were again presented

Kirchenrechtes, in performances that received stand- *Dom B. Botte,I, Leipzig,Hippolyte1891.de Rome, La Honorary Master M Man and HonTradition Apostolique, Paris Editions du orary Golden Gleaner awards. ing ovations.

Cerf (1946), p. 8. (Translations are

author's.) the Treatise Dix, of The 5Gregory final at Speakers this morning's traditional gold n and green AposThe St. Hippolytustolic of Rome, Tradition of

session of in conference June lii. flags comwere 1937, p. Macmillan, of the MIA York:New

"Ibid., p. xxxvii. paratively still this quiet summer the Tabernacle included General

8-9. op. cit., S. pp. President Florence YWMIA advisers, general as the 87Botte, Zeiller, Histoire de morning and J. J. Lebreton SuperinJacobsen, General YMMIA presigeneral superintendency, and jusqu'a nos jours, les originesI'Eglise depuis

II (Paris): Bloud et Gay, 1948, p. 109. dency together with the general tendent G. Carlos Smith, Jr., Elder

9Burton Scott Easton, The Apostolic Traboards of the Young Men's and Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the

dition of Hippolytus, New York: MacYoung Women's Mutual ImproveTwelve, Elder Thomas S. Monson of

25. millan, p. 1934, the L. Twelve, Elder Robert and greeted Associations thousands ment ibid., 26. Easton, p. by 10Quoted of the Bishopric Presiding Simpson U stake of and ward and mission, ordinations, et les L'Ordre J. Tixeront,

Paris: 1925, p. 108, quoted in F. Cayre, branch Mutual workers on Temple (these three being advisers to the

Patrologie et Histoire de la Theologie, I, Square beginning at 7:30. Earlier MIA), President N. Eldon Tanner

p. 216. Paris Desclee, 1947, First Presiof the Presidency, and their leaders attended had Zeiller, op. cit., p. 108. these 12Lebreton and session O. David McKay. The this dent for special prayer meeting Ix. 13Dix, op. cit., p.

uThe doctrine of original sin did not conference. was conducted by President Hugh

established dogma into the church ascome annual The sixtyfifth MIA con- B. Brown of the First Presidency.

its formidable fifth century, under until the in the Tabernacle ference convened Augustine.champion,

13Cayre, op. cit., p. 296. this morning at 9:30. During this

16Cayre himself admits, (loc. cit.) that session The Improvement Era was This was the annual Old Folks'

"the popes who were the most lucid in announced as the 196465 reading Day in Salt Lake City—and the

title this Julius are for their claim it solemn since in second time 1875 began the also given course. Here was Siricus I AD), (377 Damasus (340 AD), it this day. rained Radio that on had befor year: the "For MIA theme Zosimus Innocent AD), I (417 (385 AD), television stations quickly anand is to life for this the time I hold, Boniface men AD)."(422 and (418 AD),

These dates do not support the theory prepare to meet God; yea, behold nounced a change of plans, and inis an "apostolic that primacy of Liberty the Roman stead Park honored is for this life the of day the day

tradition."to guests various and went ward their labors."to perform men cit., op. 17Dix, p. xliv.

in area prothe houses where L. stake Delbert Elder 34:32.) (Alma Lietzmann, Founding of the The 18Hans

Church Universal, a History of the Early Stapley of the Council of the Twelve, grams were given following the traII, trans, London: B. L. Woolf, Church, by to the MIA, addressed ditional lunch. an adviser

Press, p. 108. Lutterworth (1959), session. this conference 127. Ibid., p.

Ephesians 2:1920. Elder Thomas S. Monson of the

aBotte, op. cit., p. 9. Council of the Twelve, an MIA adThe First Presidency announced

point precisely the upon 22This was the following changes in mis- J| genthe afternoon viser, addressed first in his Paul insisted Apostle thewhich presidents: sion Special music for both eral session. (11:2329.) Corinthians. letter to the

23lbid., v. 27. sessions was by the mixed choruses Elder Richard S. Tanner of Salt

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lake City to the Southern Australian A GREAT CHURCH LIBRARY

Mission to succeed President Bruce

R. McConkie of the First Council can be assembled by "binding"regularly your copies of

of the Seventy.

R. Barton Elder James of AlbuTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA as presidentquerque, New Mexico,

of the Uruguayan Mission,- succeedFyans. Presidenting J. Thomas

of They can be conveniently and inexpensively "bound"as you receive E. Broberg Wallace Elder

Phoenix, Arizona, as president of the them in an Impovement Era binder.

West Central States Mission, succeeding President Grant G. Woolley. Beautifully and strongly constructed with handsome heavy red FabriElder John K. Fetzer of Salt Lake coid cover. Stamped in gold and large enough to hold 12 issues of

Gerof the South president asCity more than 1,000 pages, plus an index. President succeeding Mission,man

Blythe M. Gardner.

Elder Archie L. Boyack, now of Order now from

St. George, Utah, former president Price is only $2.50 The Improvement Era

of the Cheyenne (Wyoming) Stake, and a 1963 index is included for FREE! binder Such is a a MUST Zealand of presidentas the New

desirlibrary every most and ward President succeeding Mission,South for able every home. 135 So. State St., Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Fred W. Schwendiman.

Elder Roland L. Jaussi now serving a mission in England but whose

home is Fish Haven, Idaho, former president of the Montpelier Stake, as president of the North British mission, succeeding President Alva GOING UP?D. Greene.

Matthews Elder Elwood Donald of the TRY HOME STUDY City, bishopof Salt Lake

Monument Park Fifth Ward, as president of the SpanishAmerican

Mission, succeeding President MelPlease send R. Brooks.vin

Elder J. Talmage Jones of PasaFree

dena, California, as president of the

Western Canadian Mission, succeedHOME STUDY ing President Carroll W. Smith.

Elder J. Golden Snow of RayCatalog to...

mond, Alberta, Canada, president NAME of the Taylor Stake, as president of the South African Mission, succeedADDRESS ing President O. Layton Alldredge.

Elder Sanfred W. Elieson of Salt

Lake City as president of the Texas CITY.

Mission, succeeding President Ralph

J. Hill. STATE.

Elder Ralph L. Sharp of Apia, HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University,

Western Samoa, as acting president Provo, Utah of the Samoan Mission, succeeding

President John Phillip Hanks.

u n The First Presidency announced BURNED OUT appointment of two new mission presidents: REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

Elder Charles Elmo Turner of West Jordan, Utah, to succeed Presi- A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, dent Finn B. Paulsen of the Brazilian with tremendous added expense before you find

South Mission. another.

Elder C. Douglas Barnes, of Long Let us explain your need for ample insurance

Beach, California, former president to cover today's higher values.

of Long Beach Stake, to succeed

President Reed K. Kohler of the New

Zealand Mission. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

AUGUST 1964 67b.

.. the IndividualThe Gospel Is for

One who joins the Church soon discovers that the But the Lord has declared these to be earthly gospel is an individual program for an individual. The ordinances. They must be done on earth, preferably

testimony given of the Holy Ghost comes to an by descendants of those thus prepared for heavenly individual. The baptism in water by immersion is acceptance. This is also an individual proposition.

performed upon one person, for that person. ConfirmaThe descendant does not know if or if not his ancestor

tion and its corollary gift of the Holy Ghost are for has accepted or will accept. But by faith, yearning

an individual. over his forebears, he makes it possible for them to

The priesthood offices are given, one at a time, to achieve should they decide to accept. He fulfills

an individual. He alone can desire, become conMalachi's prediction that the "heart of the children

verted, and receive these ordinances. shall turn to their fathers."(See Mai. 4:6.) He does

After this series of experiences, a person may have this in full faith that the hearts of the fathers have another ordinance, this time shared with another, that already turned toward their children.

of marriage. Here two people agree to join in an Classes will be held, groups will be formed for

eternal union, preparatory for, and preliminary to, joint assistance in this important work of genealogical their becoming worthy to dwell in the presence of research. The home teachers will persuade families

the Lord. Their children, because of this act of in their charge to become interested so that technical

agreement, share with their parents the blessing help can be given to them as they desire. The spirit

of the union. They are born "under the covenant."of Elijah will touch each one actively engaged with

All men, all women, all people will sooner or later convincing power and satisfaction.

be given the opportunity to learn of these simple But the classes held and groups instructed will be steps to eternal life and to take them one by one. ineffective unless each individual becomes as much

Many will be living on the earth, but perhaps a far concerned over his ancestors'baptism as his own.

greater number will have gone through death to the Genealogical work, in the final analysis, is the proposiworld of spirits without having heard of this opportion that each man and his family will seek out the tunity to be exalted. Wisely the Lord has made prorecords of their kindred dead and, having found

vision for this situation. The principles of salvation these evidences of the time on earth of their kindred,

and exaltation will be taught to each one, and then perform the ordinances in the temples of the provision made for his acceptance into the celestial Lord on their behalf. Thus, they become in a large

kingdom upon worthiness and the performance of the measure saviors on Mount Zion and reap the reward earthly ordinances of baptism, confirmation of the according to their works.

Holy Ghost, and church membership, the priesthood The gospel is for the individual, living or dead.

on males, and the sealing of a man to the wife with The living are responsible for themselves—and for

whom he lived on earth, together with their children. the dead.

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEMPLE RECOMMENDS Items from the General Church Handbook.

Worthiness a Prerequisite: No

person should receive a recommend for any purpose unless he is found to be worthy in every respect. Unworthiness disqualifies him.

Before issuing recommends bishops will assure themselves by searching inquiry that the recipients are free, from all kinds of immoral or unchristianlike practices; that they

Correction: statement printed the The Melchizedek on Priesthood page or in sympathyhave no affiliation, in the July to be issued group those Era recommend "A eight for may the apostate ofotherwise, with any to eleven years holders girls Aaronic of age, Priesthood of the and of

groups that are running counter to corresponding ages who desire to go to the temple as a group to do baptismal been for work as changed follows: dead"—has "A of the Church; order establishedthe

to issued the holders recommend Priesthood Aaronic maythebe of local thethat they sustain girls to corresponding to desire and groupand the go ages of temple as who

General Authorities of the Church; gro2ips to do baptismal work for the dead. Recommends to do bapare full tithepayers, or will covenant tisms for the dead are not issued to those under twelve years of age."

to become such; that they observe

the Word of Wisdom, abstaining from tea, coffee, tobacco, and liquor;

and that they earnestly strive to do their duty in the Church, to attend their Sacrament, priesthood, and other meetings, and to obey the rules, laws, and commandments of the gospel, including abiding by all conditions of their temple obligations.

Where applicants are not keeping the commandments, they should prove themselves through a probationary period before the recommend is issued. Every person must

be adjudged worthy for a recommend each time he applies for one.

In the case of group recommends for children, bishops will assure themselves that each child recommended is at least 12 years of age, a good child, exemplary in his life, and attending to such church duties as are required of his age.

Exceptional care will be taken to see that the children of parents belonging to or affiliating with apostate groups are not recommended to the temple, either with groups or as individuals.

Record Membership of One Year Required: Bishops and branch presidents should not issue a recommend

to a person until he has been a member of record of their ward or branch for at least one year, except upon receipt of a letter or letters from the bishop of the ward, president of the branch, or stake or mission president, of which the applicant was a member during the preceding year, stating that such person is worthy to enjoy the privileges of the temple.

No person should be issued a recommend until he has been a member of the Church for one year.

Only the First Presidency may authorize an exception to this rule.

PRESIDING rik B SHOPRI J SfMUE 1 T7 sst* nr I?

BY WENDELL B.

MENDENHALL CHAIRMAN, CHURCH BUILDING COMMITTEE J@) 1 (i)

If I were you I would take time to analyze a certain a prescription filled; we let a building contractor build

indispensable factor which enters every phase of life. our home. As children, we trust our parents, our

A substantial amount of it in fact is essential to modteachers, our senior citizens. For these and innumerern living. Society has scarcely enough of it to get able other purposes, we continually assume that the

along. The individual sorely needs more of it, and people we go to for services and those we trust to

its value is at a premium. People who have it are direct us will possess a sense of responsibility and

in great demand. Your success in life depends on will adhere to this trust, and life can go on because

how much of it you develop. Indeed, it is one of the enough of them do.

most valuable assets you can possess. Think of how it affects the individual's life in deThis certain indispensable factor affects your perveloping such attributes as honesty, integrity, love,

sonal, social, economic, and religious life, which in and full devotion to God, to parents, and to country.

turn affects the home, the society in which you live, That's the positive way of appraising the value of and the nation you revere. Curiously, the average this quality of having a sense of responsibility. But

person gives it very little thought. To illustrate, when you can also measure it negatively in terms of the

you start across a bridge, it never occurs to you to penalties we pay when the sense of responsibility wonder whether you will reach the other side in is weak or lacking—the cost in time, money, and persafety. You take it for granted that in all its details haps materials, and in the crippling or ruining of

the bridge is secure. important undertakings. The penalty can even be

Now, in the last analysis, just what are you taking tragic—people injured or killed because someone took

for granted? It is that indispensable factor I menhis responsibility too lightly and let poor workmantioned above, a sense of responsibility. The men who ship or poor operation get by. However, the most

built that bridge had it and were impelled by it to tragic penalty of all to the individual is a lack of take every precaution to make the bridge safe. Counthonesty, integrity, trust, and selfrespect as a result

less other examples might be cited. We take our of not developing a sense of responsibility. Yes, not

watch to be repaired; we go to the drug store to get having developed a sense of responsibility, I have

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wendell B. Mendenhall is in his tenth year as chairman of the building committee of the Church. He

was appointed to this position in July 1955 and left an active California career involving several businesses when he answered the call to direct the worldwide program of construction involving hundreds of new church buildings each year. He is a former

bishop in Stockton, California, and former president of the San Joaquin Stake. He also has served as

regional welfare chairman of the Northern California

Region. At present he is chairman of the Pacific

Board of Education, which directs activities of the church schools throughout the South Pacific. Elder

Mendenhall served a New Zealand mission. He and

his wife, the former Wealtha Spafford, have two sons.

labeled myself as one who cannot trust nor be trusted. Why? Because the Church has built a deep sense

Of course, the sense of responsibility varies. With of responsibility into the lives of its members, and

some it is keen; with others it is only strong enough men arise everywhere who are trained in the trades

to be passable; in others it is weak or lacking entirely. to give proper leadership, men with faith, devotion,

That makes it an excellent yardstick for measuring integrity, and trust, who are dedicated to the service the worth of an individual to himself, to his family, of the Lord to build the kingdom. We thank God

to his employer, to his society, and to his God. If I for the gospel plan which develops men and women

were you, I would apply that yardstick to myself. to accept responsibility in all phases of church activity.

The sense of responsibility I am talking about is A sense of responsibility takes time, discipline, and inspiringly illustrated by the life and activities of effort to develop. Even the apostles of the Savior

President David O. McKay. I would encourage you learned it slowly. He called them into service—an

to study his life. exalted service. On many occasions during the

The paramount need of the Church and society Savior's ministry, he left them and upon his return today is for men and women who will accept refound it necessary to give them further counsel and sponsibility and honor it. There is hardly a day passes advice and spiritual training that they could become

in my office in the church building department withhis special witnesses to testify of him. You can begin

out plans taking form for some new church structure, to acquire a sense of responsibility almost from the and one of the most urgent questions we face is, cradle, and if I were you, I would make it an active

Whom can we put in charge as a building supervisor force in my life without delay, for whether in the to build a house of the Lord? Whom can we trust area of your livelihood or of your religion or both,

as a building supervisor to handle the job, properly the greatest tribute you can earn is a reputation of to represent the Church, the community, the memhaving a sense of responsibility.

bership of the Church, the bishopric, the stake presiIf I were you, I would think more and more about dency, and the building department? The Lord what your responsibilities are and less about what

always comes to our aid and helps us find such a man. your privileges may be.

AUGUST 1964 679 y.

FLORENCE B.

P1NNOCK.

EDITOR A happy mother at home makes the difference. A piano, or paint, or sew, or write, or do any other

house is so empty without her. A man coming home thing you really enjoy, plan a weekly schedule of

from work to a still, quiet house, a child running in necessary tasks. So as not to live in confusion, spend

from school to nothing—a mother is missed! A wife a few minutes after breakfast each day soaking the

and a mother is needed at home. Of course, there dirty dishes in hot, sudsy water or stacking them in

are times when she must be the breadwinner, and the dishwasher, making the beds, and picking up the then her task is many times as hard. She must plan papers and litter throughout the rooms. This can

to leave a part of herself, her spirit, in the home if be done in thirty or forty minutes, and then your she can't be there. This can be done in many ways, house is in order. That is, it is for at least a minute!

but all of them include planning ahead. A refrigerator If there are small children, their toys will soon stack

with something enticing to catch a little boy's eye, up again, but that isn't dirt. Thirty minutes before

fresh flov/ers or a bowl of fruit on the table, notes hubby is expected home in the evening is time enough left in prominent places, dishes done and beds made, again for all to go on a picking up spree so home will and always a gay goodbye in the morning with a have an uncluttered look as father walks in the door.

"Have a happy day"as each child leaves the houseEach day clean one room thoroughly. One hour's

all add to this mother picture. But whenever possible time will usually take care of this, and by the end of

mothers should be at home when the family arrives the week all of the rooms will have had a good cleanfrom their various activities of the day. ing. One and a half hours now have taken care of

There is another necessity for a mother besides the routine jobs. Schedule and plan ahead the meals

just being home, and that is to be happily at home. of the week, the washing and ironing, etc., but please

A happy mother creates a happy, contented family. don't schedule yourself so closely that there is no time

So many young mothers are restless, just marking to enjoy the children, your husband, and yourself.

time until their babies are adults, when, if they only When you do this planning, sit down with your knew it, right now is the happiest, most contented husband and children so that each realize what must time of their lives. To be a mother of a young family be done in order to have a house that is a home. If

is exciting; her joys are endless; only she can limit everyone is in on the planning, then everyone should

her fun and creativity. Each day is a new adventure, be in on the working to keep things in shape. A three-

a time to mold, to build, to love a tiny child. Don't yearold child can have his own little tasks to do; a

ever let things become monotonous, find a new chalfive-yearold needs added responsibility; and by the

lenge each day. When you go to bed at night, be time he is a high school student he should know all

able to say, "Today I have really lived because I have about the responsibility of keeping up a home. We

grown and helped someone else become a little nearer are not kind to our children if we do not introduce to real maturity."them to the reality of work. This work can be pleasant

No other job in the world holds so much opportunity if the mother makes it so. A mother's lilting spirit

and is so varied. Of course, as you clean today you is contagious. Each task can be loosely wrapped

will have to dust the same table tomorrow, and the with the strings of a sense of humor. Use a light

next day, and the following days to come, just the but firm hand in directing these tasks. To make a

same as if you were a secretary downtown or a buyer bed, to vacuum, to wash windows, all can be a game in a large department store. They too must repeat if the leader is enjoying herself. A boy on the outthe same tasks over and over again. If you think side of a dirty window with a sister on the inside,

housework is unglamorous and monotonous, it is just both polishing to a spotless shine, can be fun.

in your mind that it is so. You have let yourself It is said that a mother's work is never done. The

becoming boring, not only to yourself, but also to all allover responsibilities can't be ever quite finished those around you. If you care enough, you can but the dayby-day jobs can be organized so they are

change your attitude. Perhaps a good way to begin quickly completed. Each one of us has twentyfour

would be to sit down quietly and make some plans hours a day. It's how we spend those hours that

on paper. Make a list of the things that you especially makes the difference in our lives. Spend yours being

enjoy doing, and make a list of the things you dislike happy and making those around you enjoy each minto do. Then see that your days are planned to inute because that is all we truly have—just this minute.

clude more of the things you like to do; for instance,

if you like to read a great deal, be sure to plan time SUMMERTIME TREATS FOR THOSE WHO EAT for it; even do some reading aloud to your little children each day. This will require better organization It is fun to look forward to a special treat at each

of your own tasks. To leave time to read, or play the meal on a hot summer day. The rest of the meal

AUGUST 1964 681

3 hardcooked eggs, slice the whites sieve and set aside. Sieve the rest

V* teaspoon pepper of the eggs. Melt the butter, add the

4 tablespoons melted butter flour, and stir until smooth. Gradualsalt to taste ly stir in the milk. Season. Bring

2 cups cooked chicken, cut in cubes to a boil, stirring constantly, and 2 tablespoons diced pimento cook until thickened. Add the sieved

8 ripe olives, sliced eggs. Pour the mixture over the

1 tablespoon parsley, minced toasted English muffins and sprinkle 2 tablespoons green pepper, diced reserved sieved egg yolks and bacon 1 teaspoon lemon juice on top. Serve immediately.

Mix the milk, flour, mustard, pepper, Crunchy Salad butter, and egg yolks in a blender until well mixed. Cook in a double 1 pound canned red salmon, large

boiler until thickened. Add the chunks

other ingredients. Pour into casseVz cup finely diced celery

can be quite ordinary if there is just role, top with buttered crumbs, and Vz cup diced cucumber one highlight. This is true of bake in a 350 degree F. oven until 2 tablespoons diced sweet pickles

breakfast as well as the other meals bubbly and brown. 1 teaspoon minced parsley

of the day. The following gives 2 teaspoons finely sliced green

something special for each meal for Carolyns Blueberry Supreme onions or chives two days. (Serves 8 generously) % cup mayonnaise blended with 1

tablespoon lemon juice Breakfast—Nut Bread French Toast 2 cups graham cracker crumbs 2 cups crushed potato chips

Waffles. Vz cup butter

Lunch—Yum Yum Casserole. Vz cup sugar Combine all the ingredients, except

Dinner—Blueberry Supreme. Mix, press on bottom and up sides of the potato chips, and chill in reBreakfast—English Muffin Golden- a 13x8x2 inch pan. frigerator. Just before serving add

rod. 2 eight ounce packages cream the potato chips, toss lightly, and

Lunch—Crunchy Salad. cheese pile on crisp greens.

Dinner—Summer Meat Loaf. 2 large eggs

1 cup sugar Summer Meat Loaf (8 servings)

Nut Bread French Toast Waffles 1 teaspoon vanilla

This meat loaf is just as good served 3 eggs, well beaten Beat together in a "small bowl till chilled as hot. It could be baked

Vz cup milk smooth. Pour into crumb crust and one day, chilled well, and taken on

1 tablespoon sugar bake at 350 degrees F. for about 15 a picnic the next day for the family

dash of salt minutes. Remove from the oven to build their own sandwiches.

dash of nutmeg and cool. Pour over the baked cream

8 slices day old nut bread mixture one #202 can blueberry 2 pounds ground beef pie filling. Refrigerate 6 hours or % cup milk

Combine the eggs, milk, sugar, salt, overnight before cutting into squares 1V2 cups soft bread crumbs nutmeg; dip the nut bread slices, to serve. Vz teaspoon salt

one at a time, into the mixture. Let Vb teaspoon pepper

stand a few seconds on each side. English Muffin Goldenrod 1 package (YVz ounces) dehyPreheat the waffle iron. Place the (6 servings) drated onion soup

nut bread slices 2 or 4 at a time, 1 can (4 ounces) mushrooms, depending on the size of the waffle 6 hardcooked eggs stems and pieces iron. Bake until the waffle iron 4 tablespoons butter Vi cup ketchup

stops steaming and the French toast 4 tablespoons flour 2 eggs, beaten is golden. Serve hot with fresh 2 teaspoons salt (approx.

strawberry preserves. dash of pepper Pour the milk over the bread

2 cups milk crumbs. Add the ground beef, salt,

Yum Yum Casserole Vz pound bacon cut in 1 inch pieces pepper, soup mix, mushrooms and and cooked until crisp liquid, ketchup, and eggs. Mix

2 cups milk 6 English muffins thoroughly. Pack into a 9x5 inch

5 tablespoons flour loaf pan. Bake in a 300 degree F.

XA teaspoon dry mustard Press two egg yolks through a coarse oven for Vh. to 1% hours.

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA let me show you how..

EARN 100/200 a week and up in a proven business of your own, without onepenny of investment!

You risk nothing. Supplement your income parttime, then when you wish

launch out into a highly satisfying, goodpaying business with an unlimited future. Some have doubled their income

the first year. Render vital Christian

service to people right in your community. Program backed by successful

40year-old Christian Company, endorsed by evangelical leaders in every denomination. Ideal for ministers,

teachers and church workers.

BONUS BABYSITTING ACT NOWMENbeforeORsomeoneWOMENsnaps up the opportunity in your area. FREE

BY BETH M. APPLEGATE facts. No obligation.

MAIL COUPON TODAY Janice Powell earns well over a hunno spankings—no matter how much John Rudin & Co., Inc. Dept. ER84

St., 2, III. Chicago Madison W. like to the administer you'ddred dollars a year in spending same. 22

information (on your procomplete Please send me pleasant a light and on She has from babysitting. Keep thingsmoney obligation. without gram

a number of mothers who reserve level and leave the stick wielding her services on certain evenings to parents. Nam e

each month, and others who call 5. Get your charges to bed by Addressher when the need arises. slow degrees. Don't rush them in state or

Janice is wellliked by both chilbetween the covers and shut the City-.Province-.Zip dren and parents. "She has a 'way'door on them. See that they have

about her,"the parents say. the familiar teddy bear, or the old

When I asked Janice the secret but comforting baby blanket they of her success as a babysitter, she always take to bed with them. If

denied any special talents. the door must be open a crack, see

"It's really just getting along with that it is open. A story promised MISSIONARIES

kids, I guess,"she said. after the children are in bed will A WEBCOR tape recorder can be

But after a long talk with Janice, help. an excellent tool in your work.these are the rules she abides by. 6. Check now and then to see

No wonder mothers are always askthat all's well. Your responsibilities TERMS—Call or write about our

ing for this brighteyed sixteenyear- won't end when the bedroom door MISSIONARY plan.

old to be a babysitter for their is closed. 1568 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah

children. 7. Respect other people's property Another Clarence L. Jolley Enterprise

1. Get acquainted slowly. Shy and personal belongings. Snooping

children frighten easily. Bolder chilwill end your services. StereoTape Recorder

dren will sometimes take advantage 8. You're hired to see that the

of you if you are too friendly. A children don't get into mischief, Center

little reserve helps. break up the furniture, cut them-

2. Keep wideawake charges busy selves, etc. Don't get lost in teleevery moment with books, toys, or vision while they're awake.

games. Keep them too busy to 9. Before Mom and Dad are exLittle Giant Hotomatic

realize that mother and dad are pected home, spend fifteen minutes Gas Water Heater No. 3

leaving. Have a store of games on straightening things to make the neededWill supplyfor Baptistries,all the hotChurchwater

hand such as "I Spy,""Hangman,"house look neat and cozy. Look Kitchens, Rest Rooms. Heats

"Guess What I'm Doing,"etc. Learn alive—if it's not too late—when they 450ture. GPH,Inexpensive.20 rise inWritetemperafor

some pencil and paper tricks. return. freeand Fiberglassfolders on Baptistries.water heaters

3. Always get an okay on feeding Almost any neighborhood where LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

the children and feeding yourself, there are young children needs a 907 7th Street, Orange, Texas too. Perhaps the lady of the house capable babysitter. Let it be known

is expecting guests to dine on that that you want to baby sit. It pays

ham—not you. to advertise. Be available, and beYOU CAN RENT IT!

4. Avoid physical punishments fore you know it you'll have

disciplining children. that extra others spending money you'vewhen HOWE RENTS wanting. no harsh no slaps, words, beenNo threats, SALES AND RENTALS

Salt Lake City 2375 South State 4860055

AUGUST 1964 683

Listen to the Brother Bloomfield had a great to participate in it. The day the

love for children, and wherever he busses were to leave for Utah, he

Song of Israel went he made friends with the decided to drive to Cortez and see young Indians. One of these was whether he could get George and

( Continued from page 647 George Lee, an Indian boy who his cousin Roger to join the group. lived at Mancos Creek. When When he located George and

George's parents moved to Cortez, Roger, they had just finished work.

rejoicing among the listeners for this Colorado, to find work one summer, He explained the Utah program to manifestation of the Lord to his George went with them. them, and they listened to their

Lamanite daughter. The eyes of The Utah Indian Placement prowhite friend. He concluded by askall who were in the sealing room gram was just getting established ing them if they would like to go.

that day were filled with tears of at that time, and Brother BloomThe boys replied that they would joy and gratitude. field had been recruiting youngsters have to talk with their parents about

Brother Beyal has served his Master and his people in many capacities—as interpreter for the missionaries, in branch presidencies,

and in teaching his family to be good Latterday Saints. A few years

ago he was speaking in a Sacrament of the GallupLamanitemeeting spoke Branch. He in his typical, I THESPOKEN "THE FINAL AWAKENING

picturesque language as he recalled, WORD i "We Navajos dearly love our mutton. The choice part of the sheep

to us is the roast ribs, and when we have company we serve them with the best. Well, when Brother and RICHARD L. EVANS

Sister Bloomfield came to our tent and gave us the gospel, it was just Recently we recalled a scene from The Blue Bird by Maurice Maeterlinck like they brought roast ribs to us. It as the children leave their home in heaven to be born on earth, with

was the best."8 anxiety and anticipation, some not wanting to leave their friends, some

At another time while he was fearing to come to earth. Then there was the sound of gladness, the song

bearing his testimony, he remarked, of mothers coming out to meet the children sent from their heavenly "Brothers and sisters, the gospel is home. 1 Suppose now we follow through a further sequence suggested

like what it says on the Cracker Jack by this scene—through the living and learning of life, with its problems

box, 'The more you eat, the more you and opportunities, its choosing and growing, its doing and enduring and want.'It is that way with me. I understanding—and then after all the experiences of earth there comes a

like to learn more about the gospel return to the heavenly home—again with anxiety and anticipation and with

all the time, it is so good."reluctance to leave friends and family. Leaving where we lived before

From this small start, the results and coming here we call birth. Leaving here and going on to other

of George's and Lucy's labors mushopportunities we call death, one being as natural and essential as the roomed. As Albert R. Lyman states other. And how blessed it is to have the sense of assurance that reunion

it: "And then came a call from the with friends and family is a part of our Father's plan and purpose, as we

Church for the Bloomfields to act leave this life with an everlasting future before us. And there the knowlas missionaries among the Navajos. edge of our premortal past and of life's evercontinuing purpose will give

This was simply for them to begin us the answers we so much seek, with full meaning to our memories.

building upon the solid foundation Scripture gives us this assurance. Our own conviction within our souls

which they had been laying for gives us this assurance. God our Father has not planned for us to pass

thirty years. At once, among peofleetingly into a nothingness, through the swift littleness of mortal life,

ple who loved and believed them, but has given us truth and intelligence and the awareness of ourselves they found some ready for baptism, and the love of loved ones and life as an everlasting literal reality. "Is

and others eager to know more death the last sleep?"asked Sir Walter Scott. And then he answered

about it."9 his own question: "No, it is the last and final awakening."2 And to those

After four and onehalf years of who have lost those they love: May the acuteness of sorrow be softened

missionary work at Toadlena, Brothby the assurance that these things are so, and that life is worth all the er and Sister Bloomfield sold their doing and enduring, and that beyond time there is eternity with continued store at Toadlena and bought one consciousness and purpose and a literal reality of resurrection—with a

at Mancos Creek, Colorado, on the continuing personal awareness as real as we have here. You who mourn,

Ute reservation. They were released and you who remember, take comfort to your hearts this day—and always,

from their stake mission but were with the assurance that these things are so.

called again shortly after settling at

Mancos Creek. Here they also 'See The Blue Bird, by Maurice Maeterlinck, act v.

found the field ready to harvest. L'Sir Walter Scott (17711832), English poet.

Hdem. "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

"Albert R. Lyman, op. cit. Broadcasting System, May 31, 1964. Copyright 1964.

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Preserve the Inspiration of

it. After they had consulted withtheir mothers and fathers, they deThe improvement E

cided to try it for one year; if they

did not like it, they would not reIn Beautifully Bound Volumes turn the next year. When they reported their decision to Elder The Mountain West's finest bindery and

Bloomfield, they asked what day printing house is prepared to bind your they would leave. They were collected Improvement Era's into fine

shocked when he told them the hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

busses were leaving that night. They editions you wish bound to the Deseret

did not even have time to change News Press.

from their work clothes, but they trusted their white friend and what 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

he said.10 payment must accompany all orders

They hustled to get the family Please include postage if volumes are into the car and hurried to the gathto be returned by mail.

ering place. As they approached

and saw the other parents and chilPOSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH dren gathered there tearfully bidZone 5 1.05

ding each other goodbye, they felt 1 & 2 65 6 1.20

an impulse to turn around and go 43 7585 78 1.601.40back to their own quiet fireside, to

once more feel the peace of having the family together as a unit; but

the urging of their white brother brought these timid, shy people out of the car. It took courage for the

parents to bid their boys goodbye, to see them ride off in a bus to a 1600 Empire Road—33 Richards Street

land they had never seen, to a peoSalt Lake City, Utah ple they had never known. There

were many tears shed, and they had heavy hearts; but they, too, had confidence in George Bloomfield.

George Lee was placed in a good

LDS home in Orem, Utah. He has

learned to love his foster parents as his own. He has shown tremendous

growth and progress. In 1959, he

was the president of his class at school. In the words of his foster

parents "George has been with us six years now, and we have seen his growth both spiritually and mentally. He

has been a good student, works hard in the Church and has been a good son as part of our family.... He

has a testimony that most of the boys who were raised in the Church haven't developed as yet. His

seminary work has been straight 'A,'and his knowledge of the gospel would astound you."11

George is happy in the Church and Is your church any place to skimp heart. all his with loves gospel the

testify to on carpet quality? "I and can knowHe says:

the true divinity of the church and "No!"say the architects who specify for And Gropoint's 19 colors make it adaptgospel.... I'm looking forward to so many of the stately new Mormon able to any decor.

going on my mission when the time church buildings. Good carpet, they But Gropoint is just one of many

arrives. In fact I can hardly wait. point out, absorbs sound, saves on mainBigelows whose quality befits Mormon

... Especially I'm so thankful for tenance costs. And, of course, improves church buildings. There are others, inappearance. cluding styles for every public building,

lnLetter from George Lee to Lucy Bloomfield, can customhas or Bigelow home. 15, 1961. May surprisingly, Not Bigelow Gropoint every

and Joan Harker to Lucy from "Letter Glen the carpet. create perfect We've done [above) gets the nod. 1961. Bloomfield, 15, G. May

1825. it since

Longwearing Gropoint's allwool loop

RUGS & CARPETS SINCE 1825 pile softens noise to a hushed quiet. Bigelow

AUGUST 1964 685 Brother Bloomfield's concern for us. gone. They were "too busy."They the seat."

If it were not for him I doubt I'd be had time to be friends with the white Dusk had fallen as the two men here where I am today.... I just man and woman but no time to rode along silently on the sandy,

can't express myself for all the joys learn their religion. rough road. The old mules could

and happiness which I have experiWith dampened spirits, the Bloomnot be hurried. At last the Hopi

enced. It's just wonderful to know fields returned day after day—with began to speak. He asked, "Would

the goodness of the Lord... "1J the same results. A month or so you like me to tell you a story as

And so Brother Bloomfield planted passed, and they began to meet with we go along?"

another seed—one that will live on Navajo camps from the surrounding "Of course,"answered George.

many years after the planter has area. They felt comfortable around The governor launched on a long,

gone. the Navajos, for it was with this detailed history of Moencopi. When

In August 1948, a whole new tribe that they had had so much he finished, he queried, "Now, isn't world opened to George and Lucy experience. Although they enjoyed that a good story?"The missionary

Bloomfield. They were called to working with the Navajos, they replied, "Yes, it was a good story.

serve full time in the Southwest Inrealized that their calling was to Now, may I tell you a story?"

dian Mission. The field was white, labor with the Hopis. However, no When the governor agreed to this,

ready to harvest, and Elder and matter how hard they tried, they Brother Bloomfield, with a rapidly

Sister Bloomfield were privileged could not seem to find a way to beating heart, carefully began to to "thrust in [their] sickle with break down the resistance in this unfold the beautiful story of the [their] might"(D&C 6:3) and taste tightly knit community. Book of Mormon. The Spirit of the

some of the first fruits, more choice They decided to go to the leader Lord bore down heavily upon him than any they had heretofore tasted. of the community, the governor. as he quietly and sincerely testified

President arrived they at Governor Stephen L When RichWhen apart, setards Brother Bloomfield house, informed that the Indians were descendants his wife Numkena's he made a prophetic statement, them that he was working on his of the Book of Mormon people. He

"Brother Bloomfield, you will spend farm in Tuba City, three miles away. bore a fearless testimony to the govthe remainder of your years in A little fearfully, and with a prayer ernor that he knew the Book of

preaching the gospel to the Laon their lips, they drove down to Mormon is true and that the govermanites."13 This was exciting news the farm. Governor Numkena was nor and his people would be blessed

to Brother George who, by this time, irrigating his corn. As Elder and if they listened to the missionaries.

was thoroughly converted to the Sister Bloomfield got out of their As he ended his testimony, the cause of the Lamanite. car and walked toward him, he wagon stopped in front of the govWith hearts full of enthusiasm and leaned on his shovel and spoke to ernor's house. The elder turned to

set theystrong faith in God, stated missionaries the out them. When his the queswith companion Hopi

first in their determinationwith polite their cause, he and was tion, are to "Governor, going you Arizona. said, Moencopi friendly,area—Moencopi, yet "No, he do

is a village of Hopi Indians in the not bother my people. They are let us tell your people about their

middle of the Navajo reservation. It too busy."book and the gospel?"

is set among the red sand hills like With sagging hearts, George and The reply was, "Go ahead, the a green oasis, with its watermelons, Lucy returned to their car and doors are open to you."

corn, and trees sprouting up from slowly drove home. However, their What could it be called? Moccathe bottoms and sides of drieddetermination to succeed in the sin telegraph, perhaps, but whatever

up washes. Lord's work soon rallied them, and it was, the next morning when these

Because the Bloomfields had they began to fast and pray. In humble missionaries returned to

been warned that Moencopi was a the depths of humility, they prayed their labors, every door was opened difficult area for proselyting, they as they had never prayed before. to them; and by evening they had

their fearful as they began thiswere of After intensive two weeks appointments. the many made By

tribe. thelabors NeverHopi to his for supplication among the Lord

this time a had passed, busy monththeless, to the nothing can compare intervention, Brother anGeorge zeal of new missionaries; the zeal of nounced to Lucy that he was going couple had more work than they

this devoted couple was no excepto talk to the governor again. He could do. They requested help

tion. With prayerful hearts and a found the governor once more in from the mission president, who sent

determination to succeed, they behis field. This time he was pulling two elders to help take care of the

gan to go from door to door to solicit beans on the far side of his bean great increase in investigators. 14

cottage meetings. patch. Without a word, Elder Out of this village came some

The Hopis are a typically friendly Bloomfield began pulling beans on lovely converts, people who were to people, happy to welcome these the opposite side. They worked add spiritual strength to their comwhite people into their homes for a until they finally met in the middle munity. In Moencopi today there

pleasant visit. After Elder and of the patch, not a word having been stands a lovely little LDS chapel in

pile to spoken. governor began The for Sister sat chatted Bloomfield and active of meets which branch an

so the Brother beans on his wagon, they while requested them, witha Lamanites, both Navajos, Hopis and the the did same. George When for thetime a meeting. Suddenly

faithfulas the to testimony a living little the loaded and was wagonfriendliness the of people Hopi was mule team was hitched up, Governor ness of George and Lucy Bloomfield.

12George Lee, op. cit. 13Lucy G. Bloomfield, op. cit. Numkena told George, "Get up on 14Idem.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

These Times Is the Cljurdh, ( Continued from page 632 %u

effect. Minorities such as the

order, Catholics,Masonic the Indian in vour home?tribes, the and Mormons confronted ythe national government before the

Civil War, as witnessed by the

AntiMasonic Party convention of Every wedk the Deseret News 1831, Jackson's problems with the "Church News"Section brings relocation of Indians, Joseph Smith's Latterday Saints together.winter in Washington in 183839,

and the KnowNothings ( antiCatho- It is an official organ of the Church lic) and their activities in the 1850s. and contains reports, instruction

Since the Civil War these groups, and news that should be in every seeking satisfactory solutions in L.D.S. home. It costs so little. Mail

to problemsWashington of group and individual liberty, have been this coupon now for information.

joined by the colored and other racial communities, by labor unions, pacifists, Jehovah's Witnesses, the women's suffrage movement, and "CHURCH NEWS"many others. 143 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

So runs the pageant of American Please send me subscription information on the history. The passage by the Senate "Church News."

June 19, 7327, of a Civil Rights Bill Name following the historic invocation of Address the cloture rule a few days earlier, is another event in the quest for City State liberty and responsibility under the rule of law. An earlier Civil Rights

Act was enacted by Congress March 1, 1875, and was signed by President Ulysses S. Grant. It included IT'S A clause.a "public accommodations"

the 1883In Court Supreme held WESTERNthe statute unconstitu1875 to be tional. The Senate filibuster, and TRADITION!

the reluctance of the Senate to vote for cloture to stop a filibuster, prevented enactment of another bill until 1964.

In the United States of America, aland of liberty, there are always AMERICA'SWJFINEST JEANS citizens who disagree with the PresiSINCE 1850 dent, who disagree with the Congress, who disagree with the

Supreme Court, and who disagree WORKS 365 DAYS EVERY YEAR

It is the each other.with mark of (fom Kttf /o Electric, </ toa civilized being be able human

to disagree, maintain his own inBUG:?T

tegrity, avoid violence and hatred, SECRETARIAL

SCIENCE to discusthe doors keep openand KILLER DATA

PROCESSINGsion, light further knowland and with Safety MARKETING

ACCOUNTING alternative, other LIGHT as NIGHTedge. The

MANAGEMENT PERSONAL is out, toAristotle recourse ea. pointed Only $4.95

DEVELOPMENT for ppd. INSTITUTE 2 LDS $9 state. singlewillthe American The

Write for Free Catalog experiment is dedicated to the MR. L. D. SAUNDERS Simply plug in

L.D.S. BUSINESS. COLLEGE of libertyproposition under law. E 41 1 E. SO. - SALT TEMPLE LAKE CITY, UTAH ally..designedscientific-—singlewill not thePluribus Unum,

it or business bugfree year keeps home isstate, the method. once our And kill flies, mosquitoes, to 'round. Guaranteed MILLS ALLGRAIN FLOUR

it is is flying fleas, the moths, ants, spiders, roaches, American made,law Way for MILL BEST MADE odor. sprays, etc. no vermin, wasps, No it reuntilto support defend and flours, stoneground

unit. unit serves Insects contact not One do cereals. replaced, or againpealed means by

finish. Fully brass Etched average home... All Pluribusof Unum. E..... guaranteed.. Communitysizes. Home

Industry R ENGINEERING ALLGRAIN J. ENTERPRISES TODAY'ANDREA

7722, CO. - Box Sherman Oaks, Calif. P. 0. Box 5744, Dept. A

Ariz. Phoenix, 85011

AUGUST 1964 687.

A SONNET TO A BEEHIVE GIRL

BY LORRAINE HUNTER HARE

Like morning slowly waking to the day,

And virgin dew untouched by summer sun,

You sparkle in your youth, so fresh, so gay;

Impatient that your day has just begun.

Special for.. Somehow you seem to tremble on the brink

Of womanhood, yet hold with chubby hands

The childhood cup, and linger there to drink

Reception Invitations, Napkins, Familiar things; then like the shifting sands

Albums, etc., featuring L.D.S. Advance each hour a grain, each year a knoll.

temple designs. (Conventional You move along in time to other fields

styles 100 for $5.95.) Write To trade your youth for still a greater role

for FREE catalog and samples. And gather up the sheaves your childhood yields.

(Catalog airmail for 25tf—Oakland Temple Designs) Now let this day yet prove that you are wise,

REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 83440 For in your hands tomorrow's promise lies.

$50 to

.. SINCERITY... AND CONDUCT SPOKEN$500 CASH! [THE WORD '

FOR YOUR CHURCH SCHOOL* CLUB MONEY! SEND NO

every time 10 members of your RICHARD L. EVANS S50.00 CASH

group each sell 10 cans of KitchenFresh Chocolettes or Coconettes at $1.00 per can.

cost canisters size The PROFIT! 100% talked of various to have the turn of subject and today words would We for $1.00! only 50c onelb.each—sell sincerity. It is lc! it is 100 to profess; easy Order to will easy do, say what EVEN what INVESTMENT!group NOT we we yourNO

to to send days 30 up today. cans Take to 500 is believe, interest in others, our in will give what in work, what money, we title, number phone name, your Give payment.

address, the name, address, etc. in complete time. and talk is easy; but, to cheap; Words are recall a quotation from Emerof each quantity group, officer, name of of 2nd

is son: it is "Conviction unless worthless converted into conduct."parcel (no 1 To Office Freight desired, and nearest

Extras post). it is converted into conduct. Often

Rockies. east of sent OFFERFREE toOPENcover TOshippingGROUPScost paraphrase: sincerity is worthless unless ONLY! WRITE TODAY! we wish people well; in pleasant conversation we inquire how they are;

VERNE COLLIER, Dept. IE10 we inquire as to their health and happiness, but often such inquiry is

\ 900 N. 19th St., Birmingham 3, Aid. J pleasant but perfunctory. Sincerity, in one sense, is something we do something about, and not merely something that is said. 'There is nothing so

delightful,'said Plato, 'as the hearing or the speaking of truth'—for this

reason there is no conversation so agreeable as that of the man of integrity GENEALOGY [of sincerity], who hears without any intention to betray, and speaks withPHOTOCOPIES out any intention to deceive."2 We read sometimes the names or statistics

A SPECIALTY of those who belong to various organizations, and the word "belong"is

Lowest Prices, Fastest Service, itself subject to some scrutiny. If it means merely to have a name on a

Highest Quality record or a roll, if it means merely to be listed, it may not in a sense be sincere. Sincerity would suggest a working, participating part. The same Write for complete price list and supplies

to mail your pictures in. Also write for is true of citizenship. It isn't something from which we merely realize

price list on low cost color processing. benefits and privileges without responsibility, contribution, and participais is loyal not country to a defend. to not willing which he

live. to loyal is not willing a which law he INKLEY PHOTO CENTERS tion.He is notA personloyal to He is not

Custom Photofinishing Lab an organization which he is not willing to serve. He is not loyal to a famto

2486 Washington Blvd. Ogden, Utah ily which he is not willing to love and honor and help. He is not loyal

even to himself if he is not willing to be what he should be, and not willing

Keep your Eras by binding them in Improvement to do something to bring this about. He is not likely loyal to God if he is

Era binders. Available now for only $2.50. not willing to serve, not willing to give. These several considerations sugSend your check or money order to gest the essence of sincerity, a sincerity that is beyond the surface, that

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA issacrifice,not a mereservice.face orAsform,Thomasbut Fullerdoing, putbeing—commitment,it: "He does not action,believe substance,that does

135 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah not live according to his belief."3

J Ralph Waldo Emerson.

"Thomas Sherlock (16781761), English bishop, quoting Plato.

3Thomas Fuller, Gnomologia.

'The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, May 17, 1964. Copyright 1964.

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Men pass away, but people abide. See that you hold

fast the heritage we leave you. Yea, and teach your children its value that never in the coming centuries their

hearts will fail them or their hand grow weak. Hitherto

we have been too much afraid. Henceforth, we will fear

only God.—Sir Francis Drake

HANG ONitoJ (our feritage

D. Hanks, Editor, Elaine Cannon, Associate EditorERA OF YOU In August, 1964 /Marion

What of Your Heritage/

Nephi was blessed to have been born of goodly Begotten Son. For you Christ lived and died and

parents. lives again.

And so are you. This Church provides you with a heritage in

You... born of goodly parents and well loved. truth, in covenants, in motivation, in courage,

You... endowed with a heritage of physical in direction, in friendships and leadership, in

makeup, talents and tendencies, attitudes and strength to rise out of the dust of this life to a ideals because of your particular family line. new level of being.

For you they've sacrificed and suffered some. For

you they've prayed for wisdom to guide you, for Hold fast to your heritage. It is most valuable.

patience and understanding to let you go it alone. Hold high your head.

You have a heritage of examples set by proud Be glad you are you—not another instead. With

ancestors. History makers. City builders. Molders all that you're heir to, add some of your own.

of men. Pilgrims and pioneers. Servants of Contribute. Accomplish. Serve. Excel. Drink

the Lord. deeply of the good things in life and of the spirit.

Live that you may one day hand to your children

A heritage of Godliness is yours, too. Born in and your children's children the blessing of a

the spirit a child of God and quickened now by heritage even more worthy than your own.

his power, his love. For you he gave his Only Heritage is a building thing.—Elaine Cannon

"x Born of a promise of countless sands on the

Seashore, or myriads of stars in the sky;

Descended through Abraham, Isaac, and Joseph

And Ephraim ordained from on high.

lineageA from lords and nobles, Heritage or serf,Peasant

BY ELEANOR P. KJARCrusaders who fought for truth,

Paving the way for freedom's birth.

In a northern country, a message was heard.

A secluded brook became a font.

A door was shut... shelter denied.

An ocean crossed... a thirst satisfied.

Handcarts were pulled.

Indians fought.

Wagons circled... miles walked.

A grandmother died.

Sagebrush grubbed, seeds planted.

Wool spun, apples dried.

Crickets fought, babies born.

Temples built... a tenth supplied.

Mountains, streams, and rugged soil,

Desert sands and lonely sky...

Humble prayers... honest toil,

These a man measured by.

Jars of preserves... butter molded,

An extra plate at the table, A crocus by a cleanswept walk,

A lullaby over a child's cradle.

Born of a promise of countless sands;

Preserved through the ages By a watchful hand.

In your veins, courage of valiant men,

Faith and beauty...

Devotion to duty... again and again.

Treasures in the earth for aeons

Mysteries of the universe aglow

O youth, how great your task;

Your heritage has made it so.

YOU HAVE A CHOICE HERITAGE...

You have a choice heritage in this Church.

Because Christ came to earth and showed us the way and took our sins upon himself, died that we might live eternally....

Because a boy sought the truth amid confusion and prayed for direction, then did as God counseled him to do....

The gospel of Jesus Christ was restored to the earth.

A church was organized under divine inspiration. A people

banded together for God's glory and for man's welfare. These

valiant ones heeded the still small voice and raised their own voices in testimony of truth. A movement was begun that has

gained momentum to this day, that has caught us up in the great swell of souls who are trying to follow in Christ's footsteps.

This is a heritage that is yours wherever you live.,. the

heritage of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

That you may better understand its people and its places during its early history, read this picture story by Joy Sansom who took a Brigham Young University tour under the direction of Ivan

Barrett, Lynn McKinlay, and David Yarn through church historical areas. Here are some of the things she saw, some of her

impressions, some of the lessons she learned.

The Editors

mo dA&cZ 'livvccJL

/MM.2S, Tt> &<. }OtLuJ fyrtv-C-.-

yAiWtA'VU*Jt'/U46<3 30/2, 44j

/]itw difJL rtAlfaju 4nrflj}dMx& <fy+uA*4/z

pidhff&VLL. /i*, s

lur**

ttuAJAMXAtM

{/J44UMJL., bujr

/a&vu-L-

\fi7Z&lA*> ltAJ /U*<LW*J*

lA)M Tiiu.

Wlp. *k

V

iwisaSi f—J

7 WBI; ]

s UrtuXu. WUcWM.'*

(AJyO

4 ''"'"ifi-

-U fllMMAll* {CUuaATajCCO

i ",;;-:;;.-: $

-V %:

UrtALeru) 7

fitaMXAMAA rhu

X v.

utd/*- &hA<, -MlIMJUA* /t 2&C 4U, C4A* /(UuTttuiLt.

L |% J

'.; "BlB||QV -f>.

w-

"'Sj lii Wfirjr 8HeF %mjL f **> 'VjMWlLlMiBilfli''.

%0/AA/k> [MufijL

. JUMCti/k&uUXo fL

C* #*c *U "TUua/oTie M*ftn,AZ>< H*te<- A &&uJlJ WftiM, boo AfU\AT

\2AtuA&TwLw<>L 4A LAJimXI (QuuAtAsO AN AMERICAN GIRL SPEAKS FOR HER

COUNTRYBY KATHY EASTMOND

I'm an American youth, and I have hope for my country because I am part of it, even as much as it is a part of me. I'll always fight for the strength of

America; for, you see, we have been given a foundation of greatness, that foundation being the Constitution of the United States of America. And because

of this great document, every American youth has the desire to keep America free, to keep her traveling toward new and better horizons. And because of

the safeguards of our Constitution, we have the desire to keep our country from the enslavement of a future nightmare. If there is anything that can acKathy Eastmond, daughter of Mr. and

Mrs. Richard Eastmond of American complish this task it is the aspirations of youth. We,

Fork, Utah, was graduated from high as youth, intend to sustain the American integrity our school in June after "talking"her way forefathers ordained. We are presently reaping the

into honors and awards and experiences fruits of their labor, and we now have the responsithat form an impressive list. Though bility of upholding their hopes, their dreams, and

she's held school offices, been in pep their Constitution.

club, and danced professionally, speech and debate have been her main interests. All haven't forgotten the struggles and hardships

She won a scholarship to attend the Naour founding fathers had to endure. We will never

tional High School Institute of Speech forget, for they have given us something to live for, at Northwestern University. The acsomething to build toward. Let us turn back those

is article excerpted the fromcompanying history pages to yesterday and witness that interwoven in sheoration with place which won first the state and went on to represent the pageant of events which in a few rousing decades western states in a national contest. produced the greatest republic of recorded time.

Kathy is an active member of the Church. We will sail with expert navigators of England,

France, Spain, and Portugal to a new land awaiting We will keep on learning and progressing, all for the birth. We'll colonize with the English at Jamestown cause of freedom. It is a responsibility we canor Plymouth. We'll till the soil; we'll build; we'll not ignore.

grow; we'll work together. We are embarked on an era of farreaching hope

Many times will we assemble in a small hall in for the preservation of this great land; we as youth

Philadelphia, on battle fronts, or on Capitol Hill to owe it to our heritage to continue to carry the torch proclaim our rights under law and equality. We'll of liberty through the darkened hour of our time.

be there with the patriots when independence is Our responsibility is one of great magnitude. We

declared from England. We will stand tall with the have arrived at that point in history where we can

many Presidents of our land as they face the chalreach other planets or blow up our own. The age

lenges of their time. We'll hear Monroe introduce of the atom threatens every man, woman, and child

the first foreign policy to the world. At National on the face of the earth. We have the responsibility

Cemetery on the battlefield of Gettysburg we'll hear of striving for world peace through the priceless conLincoln describe the highest ideals of American cept of democracy. The world has been divided into

democracy. Most of all, we will elevate our pride the two gigantic fronts of communism and freedom.

as we sit with fiftyfive nobly dedicated men to bring We, in order to survive this struggle, must arm ourforth a triumphant document, the Constitution of the selves with the weapons of moral strength and spiritual

United States of America. We'll watch the priceless faith. There is no room for lust and murder, for

piece of writing in action while we sit with Congress prejudice and unjust actions; there is no room for a

as they face the many economic and political decisions new god created out of a dollar sign. As Edmund

that accompany legislative action. Burke stated: "What is liberty without wisdom and

We will cross the racing rivers, trudge over mounwithout virtue?"And I ask you, what is our Contains, plains, and through the heavy forests with the stitution without wisdom and with virtue? The Conspirited frontiersman. We will sweat with the piostitution of the United States of America is no more

neer. Slowly we will watch one city after another than what we its people make it. Its victories are

take form from the Atlantic to the Pacific. We will our victories: its failures are our failures.

expand for the cause of freedom because it is our Out of this perilous time must come the best of responsibility under the Constitution. ironwilled leaders and nobly dedicated citizens. We

A free society will emerge as we campaign with enjoy the rights of a Constitution, we now must take the statesman, discover with the inventor, plow with on the responsibility of a Constitution. It is your

the farmer, and pound steel with the industrial giants. duty, and it is mine.

VERSE BY KATHRYN KAY For a Young Boy

Please God, help me to take in

For a Young Girl years when I'mstridemorethesethaninbetweenboy but notyears,yet man,

Give me the courage needed for these teenyears

Please God, help me when it is hard to understand life's plan.

to never rush the years, Foundations must come first, so give me vision and let my heart remain a little girl's, that I may build mine carefully and well.

so that it will know only April tears I know it takes good judgment and precision, with tiny rosebud dreams deep in its furls. as well as strength, in life to ring the bell.

Let my life be a brand new party dress Let me remember sometimes youth is cruel that I may wear with pride where'er I go... there's nothing brave about a brawling fight.

Help me to keep my tiptoe eagerness Help me to be above the fear of ridicule and be a place where loveliness may grow. when I know in my heart that I am right.

I guess one wish could cover every other... Please teach me to have patience and forbearance,

// You would just help me grow up to be let me take pride to see my job well done.

the kind of daughter that my dad and mother Help me to never disappoint my parentswere dreaming of when they first ordered me. let them always be proud to call me son!

Amen.

The lovely girl who was speaking was a high school student from a small town. She was in

Washington as a delegate to a conference of yduth and youth leaders from across the globe, aria she was thrilled and excited at the things she had seen and heard and experienced in her country's capital..

The audience was a difficult one for* so young rom and inexperienced a speaker, but the Senators and Congressmen and other leaders present gave her rapt attention. All eyes and ears

and minds and hearts, too—were hers as she

delivered her message. There was something

about the urgency and intensity and genuineness of it that caught up everyone there. She had

stood before the Lincoln Memorial and the

Washington Monument, had learned to know other people from many lands, had been away for a time from her loved ones, had thought and learned and prayed. She had something

to share. "It has been a great privilege for me to be

experience. Before forget the never I came earn it anew here for these few days,"she said, "and I will

family. I I loved thought I loved I thought my

my country. I thought I loved my Church.

But O I just didn't know! I just didn't know!"

to She helped many others of us to know, that m day, far better than we had ever known before, how much we, too, loved our families, our countries, and our Church.

What about you?—in Bristol or Montevideo or possess it

Orleans or Atlanta or Veracruz, or wherever you may be among the multitudes of places the world over—have you begun to "earn"and

—Goethe "really possess"the great blessings of your

choice historical and spiritual heritage by learning of them and appreciating them and living in such a way that you can help to preserve and increase them for those who follow after you? They are worth everything. Your

children and their children have a right to enjoy them, also.—Marion D. Hanks

AUGUST 1964 703 I he L**S-..,,-4 **il#"* if(

Word

Life's breadth is limited only by our interests and contacts; its depth by how

much we live, how deeply we feel, how penetrating is our observation and understanding of the things about us; its height by our discernment of purpose and

how well we plan and prepare for its accomplishment.—Delbert F. Wright

He who is of calm, and happy nature will Junk is something you hardly feel the pressure of age. But to him keep for ten years and

who is of an opposite disposition, youth then throw away two and age are equally a burden.—Plato weeks before you need it. <3

If all the year were playing holiAsk not what your country can do days, To sport would be as tedifor you; ask what you can do for

ous as to work.—Shakespeare your country.—John Fitzgerald Kennedy

When two egotists A jest loses its point when meet, it's usually a he who makes it is the case of an I for an I. first to laugh.—Schiller

If at first you don't succeed, When you hire people who are smarter than you are to work it's a normal life you lead. for you, it just proves that you are smarter than they are.

Reputation is precious, Willingness to seek and accept advice is one but character is priceless. of the characteristics of successful men,

Fond Mother: "Genevieve is so

bright—only twelve years old, and

she is studying French and algebra. to good morning Say

Genevieve."in algebra, (W!V Mrs. Jones

: '64 UTAHSCHOOL CRISIS

Teachers discuss problem at House of Delegate meeting Louise Bennett, president of the UEA and John Evans, on Saturday at Granite Park Junior High School. Vote executive secretary conduct the general session of most

was for 2-day teacher walkout. Utah teachers at Fairgrounds.

IT STARTED IN AUGUST, 1963 when the Utah Education Association, compromptly called a meeting of their Board prised of all Utah school teachers, agreed of Delegates for May 16th. This board

to sign their 196364 contracts only upon voted to call a twoday recess of all Utah the condition that Governor Clyde appoint Schools for May 18 and 19, with all UEA a School Study Committee to report statemembers meeting in general session to conwide on school conditions, facilities, and sider the matter. At this mass meeting

salaries, with the view in mind that a special May 19, Utah teachers voted 7,170 to 355 session of the State Legislature be called to to return to classes for the remainder of the appropriate additional school funds, if the current school year; but to refuse to sign

report so indicated. The report was subnew contracts for the 196465 school year

mitted on May 13, 1964. Because Governor unless the requested special Legislative

Clyde then announced he would not call a session was called by the Governor to conspecial legislative session to consider the sider the Committee's report.

Study Committee's report, the UEA

On Monday afternoon, KSL opened up phone lines for KSL Radio News Editor Wes Vernon, assisted by Pat three hours to allow citizens to express their opinions on Thorne, covered teacher's Fairground meeting from straair. Here KSLman Dar Dodds moderates. tegic points to bring listeners the full story.

THEREKSLAM? WAS

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Investment

When Harold Needham bought his life insurance, he didn't realize that someday the cash value of the purchase would help him to make a very important investment.

For several years, Harold and Ruth

Needham looked for just the "right"home for their family. It was to be a

onetime purchase, and nothing else they did brought so much pleasure as planning for it.

Then one day they found it—

exactly as they had dreamed! But

Harold hadn't saved enough for the substantial down payment needed to make buying the home a good investment.

Remembering his life insurance,

Harold called on his Beneficial agent and found that he could borrow enough to make up the balance.

Harold and Ruth bought their home, thanks to "minuteman"Beneficial Life service that put the needed money right at their fingertips. It

helped them to understand fully how very important life insurance can be.

From the Beneficial Life files.

All names have been changed.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Over 600 million dollars of life insurance in force.