eimprovement

10 VOLUME 34 mvUST, 1931 NUMBER

Return Postage Guaranteed uality Education for Utah Student

f TAHNS are thoroughly appreciative of the high educational standards maintained by the state's highest institution of learning. This

fact is attested by the constantly increasing enrollment, so that there are now more students at The University of Utah than in all other institutions of higher learning in the state. Certainly quality work

has attracted the additional students.

HIGHEST SCHOLASTIC STANDARDS

are rigidly enforced, so that University of Utah credits are fully accepted everywhere in the educational world. All fully qualified students will be welcomed

and will receive the best the state has to offer in educational work. A broad

curriculum presented by a faculty of broad and excellent training, amid truly educational surroundings is the offering to those students who are interested in obtaining a University education of high quality.

REGISTRATION DATES

Freshmen students must send in an application blank, and have their credits sent in as soon as possible. Freshmen who did not take the English and psychological examinations in the high schools last spring must be present September 23. All freshmen must register September 24, and attend special instructional classes September 25 and 26. Former students and transfer students

from other universities must register September 28. Regular class work starts

September 29.

Make Your Plans Now to Attend Utah's Highest Institution of Learning

School of Arts and Sciences School of Law

School of Education School of Medicine

School of Mines and Engineering School of Business

Extension Division

For Catalog or other information, Address, The President,

UNIVERSITY OF U SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH The Improvement Era for August, 1931 509

FORECAST"DEW men in this or any other PThe, improvement, community have had a more Clarissa Ballard A. Beesley McWin J.colorful experience President than—IRA"Associate Business Manager Manager natural BusinessAnthony W. Ivins. A

born frontiersman, he was out- O. B. Peterson, Ass't. Business Manager

standing as a pioneer just as he has George Q. Morris

been outstanding in the important Rachel Grant Taylor positions which he was later called Chairmen Era and Publicity upon to fill. A story of covered

wagon days, full of drama and Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement romance, as related by him, is Associations and the Department of Education promised for our next issue. Copyright, 1930, by the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association

Corporation of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints 'T'HE Law of Chastity is the title of an article from the pen of CONTENTS

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith Title Author Page which has been secured for the Our Poetry Contest 570. Jessie Miller Robinson Wild 570 PlumSeptember number. This Church Tubac's Bell is Tolling Chapel Johnson 570 Rufus D.

forleader is noted courage the with which he attacks every form Editorials

Ivins 571 of Joseph Wife Anthony W. evil, this contribution conAsenath, andof

., Lesson 572 Cannon An Object Hugh J. atains warning, from one who

has been placed as a watchman on The Mormon Pioneer Caravan of 1931 Clarissa A. Beesley 573

the tower, which it will be well Rock Creek (Poem) Rachel Grant Taylor 575 for all to heed. Why This is the Place Ruth M. Marshall 576

Homes—-Then and Now Hon. Arthur M. Hyde 579r\R. JAMES E*. TALMAGE,

gifted in his ability to teach Facing Life Dr. Adam S. Bennion 581

by parable, has given us a gem Abraham's Three Visitors -, Sidney B. Sperry 583

which carries a beautiful lesson Evan Stephens Joseph E. Richards 584

one which will inspire young and Keys to Lost Locks i Edgar A. Goodspeed 586

reach toold out for the better Sctme August Anniversaries, L. D. Steams 588

life.things of

Grave of Historical Figure Obscure tod Unknown Clara E. Seemann 589

/HOICE poems, some of them Over the Top Katie C. Jensen 591

. submitted in our prize poem The Workmanship of Your Own Hand, Glen J. Beeley 593

contest, will appear in the next Flames Rachel Grant Taylor 593 number.

A Daughter of Martha (A Serial Story)., Ivy Williams Stone 594

A "MORMON"boy, Jesse Fay Lawler Tenderfoot (A Story) Harrison R. Merrill 598

'** Mortensen, was recently Embers (A Story) Elsie Chamberlain Carroll 604 crowned as the world's greatest Open Windows (A Story) Blanche Stockdale Burr 607 athlete. A story of his achieveGlancing Through (Summaries of Magazine Articles) -Elsie T. Brandley 609

ments from the expert pen of Les Foods for Health. Adah R. Naylor 6 1

Goates is already in the hands of Poetry 6 1 the illustrator. Mountains and Men, -Grace McKinstry

/GREATNESS in Men. The AugustSilhouettes IrvinFae L.DeckerWarnockDix

Adelle G. In Memoriam Skov suggests posmarvelous title Georkee Lewis Congosibilities, as The and treated by when E. Pony Express Carter The Gmnt

ready a writer and clear a thinker Silver Margaret F. Smith

as President Bryant S. Hinckley, The Swing -—Alice Taylor

of the Liberty stake, it is someChurch Music Committee 613 thing which will be awaited with Priesthood Quorums—, 614

interest. The article is the first of Mutual Messages 615

a series in which the lives of eminent men in this community Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

will be treated. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103,

Act of October, 1917, authorized July Z, 1918.

(Return Postage Guaranteed.)

the submitted without statement, Manuscripts usual rates,"are con- "At free contributions. theirriEORGE JR., hasALBERTfurnished.SMITH,the Era sidered unless return Photographs, is especially

with an excellent description of the requested, will be destroyed.

Word of Wisdom exhibit held rePublished monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Board*;

cently in Salt Lake City. It will $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

appear in September.

Our Poetry Contest "\JEARLY two hundred poems were submitted irt the Era contest. The judges, after

JLy careful deliberation, warded the prize offered for the best poem, written by one whose work has appeared in print, to Jessie Milter Robinson, for "Wild Plum."

Rufus D. Johnson's "Tubac's Chapel Bell ts Tolling"wins the prize as the

best poem submitted by an author whose work has not yet appeared in print.

There were many excellent contributions. A number of them will appear in

early issues of the Era. Among them will be "The Tapestry of Life,""Fidelity,"

"Ashes for Beauty,""Sonnet""Query,""Spring Sunset,""Spring Hills,""To a

Poet,""A Prayer,""Mother, I Love You,""To a Son,""Boyhood Memories,""The Sail,""On the Hills,""Summer Heart."

Wild Plum

By Jessie Miller Robinson

tree the roadside, by fruit waste, ungarnered PLUMYour

Yet prodigal of bloom We pass you in our haste.

But once a child looked on your misty white,

And soft your petals fell for his delight.

Wee linnets caroled joy for honeyed grace

Beneath that parasol of scented lace.

Seeing your bravery, sadroaming men

Took heart, and sought their dreams again.

And all who glimpse your April bough

Have found an Eden... now.

Plum tree by the roadside.

Lovely vision in the rain, Your bloom is never squandered,

Your fruit is never vain.

Tubac's Chapel Bell is Tolling

By Rufus D. Johnson

the leaves a-shimmer rustling in the the town of Santa glimmer glow gleaming and Tubac on ruddy Cruz A growing slowly adobe presidio, hues?YOUWithknowsqriat agone, us ghosts of years and of somber Bring about now mud

The mimosa's thick about and there's lola,ds of scrub mesquite, dimmer.

And through the oldtime plaza winds a single village street. What tales could this old alamo tell if every leaf had tongue?

In truth, it was a sturdy tree when Tubac's life was young.

Tubac's chapel bell is tolling

Sending rhythm to us rolling In robes of Jesuit priesthood did old Padre Kino stand

In our camp beside the sandy Santa Cruz. Beneath this very cottonwood, 'mong first to view this land?

By our blazing campfire lolling Who knows? Perhaps while passing from Guevavi to del Bac,

Hark to Tubac's solemn tolling! He built his fire where our's gleams and trod this very track!

On the winding, gleaming, sandy Santa Cruz.

And ere the missions'domes were reared, while yet a barren land is is the over evening mess creeping and duskThe down crossed the river here walked and upon this have He may lights greaser twinkling in the shacks begin town. to dotAnd

strand. fire 'neath flames massive kingly branch ofOur cottonwood the here, the and caught from watched he Perhaps moon this ages for silent vigil past stood. hasWhich bank upon

river's gleam And mused of youth in far Tyrol, then like a vagrant dream.

There's chirp of shrill cicada and the bay of distant dogs,

Gray smoke wafts down the river lit with sparks from Do ghosts of Spanish dons still dwell in Tubac's ruined walls?

burning logs. Do souls of Pima sentinels still hark for savage calls?

From off drab hills of Mexico the wind a low sigh weaves For once from Tubac's gates went forth to Tumadafori's aid

Bestirring theageold cottonwood to rustling croon of leaves. Bands of stalwart fighting men to quell Apache raid.

In glow of gleaming glory, back of Santa Rita's crest, When proud Gastillian's hold was loosed from Sonora to the

As though to reconnoiter ere the journey to the fest sound

The questioning moon peeps shyly at our campfire's lurid The wolf Apaches'roving hordes yet held their native ground.

blaze. Did wily old Geronimo, encamped beneath this tree

Then clears the rim of Rita in a veil of autumn haze. Plan rapine and slaughter 'mid sinister shouts of glee?

L'cnvoi Heigh ho! Those days are distant far,—the present's here

with me And this same moon is gleaming fair on you by Utah's sea.

This moon, though old in Kino's time, to me is ever new,

I watch it dalmly sailing high, and dream, my dear, of you.

I L A Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

Kings. These people had come in from the east

and north, from the Euphrates and Tigris, and hadAsenath, Wife ofJoseph driven the native princes of Egypt up the Nile, and

By PRESIDENT ANTHONY W. IVINS had taken possession of Lower Egypt, where they

established their own civil government and religion.

shalt daughthem. "Neither marriages with thou Thy make

shalt thou The ruling Pharaoh at the time that Joseph and his ter daughter give not son, nor thou sha,lt unto his take unto thy son."(Deut. 7:3.) his father and family were in Egypt gave Asenath

to Joseph to wife.

the Lord called Abraham from his home She was the daughter of Potipherah, a priest orWHEN at Ur, of Chaldea, he said to him: "I will prince of On.

make of thee a great nation and I will bless thee, and These people were of the same race that Abraham make thy name great."was. He was a Shepherd King. Thus it will be

Abraham was ninety and nine years old, and his seen that while Asenath is called an Egyptian because wife Sarah ninety years of age when this promise she resided in Egypt, she was not of the Egyptian race, was given, and they were childless. Notwithstanding and consequently not of the lineage prohibited by

this fact the Lord promised that Sarah should bear the Lord to marry with the Israelitish people.

a son, whose name should be Isaac, and that AbraPot-i-pherah was not only a priest, but a prince ham, through this son, would become the progenitor of the city of On, which makes As-e-nath a Semite of many nations. of royal birth.

Isaac became the father of Jacob, the first to be The Cambridge Teachers'Bible says: "The pyracalled Israel. Jacob begat twelve sons from whom mid builders of Egypt, who reigned at Memphis

sprang the people known as the Twelve Tribes of 3000 years B. C. were followed by a series of princes

Israel. who reigned at Thebes, known as the Middle Empire.

Among these sons was Joseph, who was sold Then came a time of decay and invasion when the by his older brothers to passing Ishmeelites who land was conquered by the Hyksos, or Shepherd carried him down to Egypt, where he was sold into Kings, who ruled for about 500 years. It was

bondage. Joseph later became the vicegerent of the under these later Hyksos that the Hebrews settled

king of Egypt, who gave him Asenath, the daughter in Goshen. The powerful princes of Upper Egypt

of Potipherah, priest of On, to wife. (Gen. 41: 45.) struggled against the supremacy of the Hyksos, and!

Asenath became the mother of two sons, Manasseh the final stroke was dealt by Ahmes, who founded and Ephraim. It was upon the younger of these the 18th dynasty, drove out the Hyksos with great

sons that Jacob, just prior to his death, sealed the slaughter and inaugurated a new empire. The Israelheirship of the house of Israel, which heirship came ites, hated because of their close relationship to the

through his father Joseph. (Gen. 48:49.) Shepherd Kings, were forced into servitude by the

From the time of the calling of Abraham the Lord conquerors. Another King had arisen who knew

had impressed upon him, and his posterity after not Joseph."

b.im, that to they distinct were be a chosen and Geikie, in his Bible, the says: Hours with "Thepeople. intermingle to not commanded them He Pharaoh is under Joseph advanced was whom now with the the that oftheir blood idolatrous of people to have foreign been race one of the known as known

nations with they which were surrounded. or The Hyksos Shepherd Kings, for more who than 50Ofollowing, that at and of this article, the beginning years held after in Egypt, sway they had overthrown

are samples of the many passages of scripture which the native dynasty."

refer to this subject:

in his H. G. Wells, Outlines of History, says: "At

"Now, therefore, give not your daughters unto last there to so happened Egypt what happened their sons, neither their take daughters unto your frequently to the nations of Mesopotamia. Egypt

their seeksons, peace, nor or their forever."wealth was conquered Semites, by nomadic founded who (Ezra 9:12.) a shortlived dynasty, finally the Hyksos, which was

The question is frequently asked: Why, with full expelled by the native Egyptians."

knowledge of this command, did Jacob seal the The Lord was pronounced in his warning that heirship of the house of Israel upon the head of the Israelitish people should not intermarry with

Ephraim, his mother being an Egyptian woman? strange and idolatrous.nations. See selection of

The following is the answer to this question: Rebecca to be the wife of Isaac, and Rachel and Leab

At the time that Joseph was sold into servitude, to be the wives of Jacob, from whom sprang the and taken to Egypt, Lower Egypt had been conHouse of Israel.

quered by and was under the domination of a white It will thus be seen that Asenath was a Semite race of Semitic people called the Hyksos, or Shepherd woman and also a princess of royal blood.

.

572 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

undesirable not likely acquire to An Object Lesson Activity A habits.Young people thus engaged are are righteous only Not

Safeguard precepts before them, constantly is belief of "Mormonism"A FUNDAMENTAL direct activities as well but the-*- salvation. Sinhis out that man must work their channels. minds into wholesome Those who

cere worship is a beautiful and inspiring thing, cerare sincerely invoking heaven's blessing upon themother better;tain to prayer or any but make one selves, that a creditable prepare and deliver they may

is action stimulate that does not of worshipform little speech or otherwise acquit themselves honor, with better than a tinkling cymbal and does not lead far are, for the time being at least, immune to the heavenward. allurement of the cigarette advertisement or any other

This statement may suggest a more or less serious form of evil.

contemplation of what heaven is. One divine exThis contest work not only defirst the millennium during that thepressed thought

the at kneel but nothing dohe would feet of the GoodSports-. velPsit has afaithtendencyand spiritualityto make thorbut

Savior and gaze into his glorious face. mansnip oughly good sports of the particiIt is conceivable that such an inadequate heaven, pants. There were many striking

if it existed at all, could be attained through inactive illustrations of this. A notable one was seen in the

worship. If kneeling at the feet of Jesus were the Tabernacle on the evening of the finals. The two

divine goal toward which man is urged to strive, contestants for the Gleaner Girl public speaking prize then through goodness alone one might possibly were sitting side by side on the stand. They had

reach it. never met until the day before; consequently, were

But the "Mormon"conception of heaven is that almost strangers to each other. In a sense they were

its population is made up of the actively righteous rivals—at least both were competitors for the same

and that glorious as will be the privilege of looking prize; but when No. 1, Miss Adalena Madsen of

into the face of our Redeemer, heaven will consist of Fremont stake, was called to make her speech, No. 2,

something more than that. Surely the idler will who was Miss Lois Merle Astin of Nibley Park

have no place there, for idleness is a sin hated alike ward in the Granite stake, reached over and patted her by righteous man and an allwise Creator. Indeed, hand affectionately and whispered words of enaccording to Thomas Carlyle, one can search the unicouragement. Later, when No. 1 was announced the

verse without finding an idle devil. winner, Miss Astin congratulated her as warmly

In the Church of Christ, thereand seemed as delighted as if she, herself, had been the prize. She the highest was truly and in naturally find awarded expects to 'one

sense a winner. year Each apparent to it becomesAn Upliftingr foractivity.e worship going and hand

Combination in hand. The June Conference the contestants themselves as well as to careful obis the held recently in Salt Lake City servers that the only person who does not win

fails to compete.gave a marvelous demonstration of this combination. one who

It was the culmination of an intensively active seaAs these young people reach mason of M. I. A. work. A conservative estimate The Value Of unty and see more of the world

places the participants in the various contests at. their admiration increases for a

Opportunity system which affords them such40,000, and this of course does not include many thousands who studied the manuals and took part splendid opportunities for developin the discussions. ment. Experience teaches them that opportunity

plays an extremely important affairs part in the of this basketin eight engaged thousand number Of very often life, and is something cannot be which said. contests.ball there,"have worship some "No

living people many today would How the selfcreated. before occasion one important an onBut game

players were heard to say, "Bishop, come with us to ever have heard of Admiral George Dewey, the hero of Manila Bay, had dressingour with room. to pray you We want us."American war? Howit manynot beenyoungforpeoplethe Spanishoutside the were thousand conThere few among many

testants who did not say, in their hearts if not orally, of the Church established in this dispensation by "Lord, help us win this game if we can do so fairly; divine command have an organization which furif not, help us to lose courageously."nishes the incentive and the opportunity to engage

in activities which develop their finest physical, inOf the large number of boys who took part In the tellectual, and spiritual powers? H. J. C.

various contests, it is safe to say that practically all of them look forward to the time when they can go on missions and give themselves entirely to the service of their fellowmen; and these contests wereentered, primarily, not for amusement, but with a A Forward Step

view of building up vigorous bodies, alert minds, HTHE following encouraging statement is taken and a strong spirituality. from the Review of Reviews; Tobacco conThe girls likewise have high and worthy ideals. sumption in 1930 showed a decline from 1929.

Some of them also hope to fill missions abroad, but Per capita consumption was:

allwomen—wifehoodlook forward to andthe greatestmotherhood;of missionsand they,giventoo,to Cigarettes 1929971 1930937

know that to reach their goal they must train for Cigars 60 53 it. Pounds tobacco 3.09 2.94

a

PThe/Jmprovemeirt

INDEPENDENCE ROCK, WYOMING Workmen preparing tablet in honor of Mormon Pioneers,

June 20, 1931.

The Mormon Pioneer Caravan of 1931

unpretentious, yet impresis a caravan of descendants of Piosive monumentAN on the CLARISSA A. BEESLEY theirneers fatherswho aretrodto seekand outpay thedevotionpaths of a hill overlooking brow General shrines where many laida magnificent of of the group valley—a lives. their ofpeople reveraround it in almost Y. L. MPresidencyLA. atdownthe

ential attitude as their thoughts 'THE procession of cars advances travel backward over the eightyup Parley's canyon, past spots four years since a prophet of God held in remembrance of footweary on this spot uttered the notable emigrant or pony express rider, words, "This is the place]"They across the Weber valley, into Echo are a goodly company gathered canyon and so into the great State here in the early June morning, of Wyoming. The travelers are

their attire and the long line of refreshed by the hospitality of waiting autos indicating that a friends at Evanston, some of journey is about to begin. Among whom join them along the trail

their number are their leader—over which the Pioneers drove their

member of the Council of Twelve, teams or walked or pushed their two bishops, one of the Church hand carts. Another modest

historians, the Church architect, though fitting monument is pointofficers of auxiliary organizations, ed out, a lone grave on the hillside, members of general boards, other mutely telling its story, is visited,

Church and civic workers, and not and an incident is narrated of a least among them, a boy, a lineal brave Pioneer woman who waited descendant of the Prophet Joseph and watched through the long

Smith. night hours while the feeble candle

The spirit of kindliness and light and the life of her companion good cheer is in evidence but there went out together.

is also a touch of solemnity and At this point and at others of even of sadness, for this is to be interest along the way pauses are not merely a pleasure trip, but a made to peruse the journal of that pilgrimage on which a sacred erBoy Scout Marker at Independence Rock, devoted Pioneer, William Clayton, rand is to be performed, and this Wyoming. whose invaluable record makes it

574 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

a in together wrapped ill, were roll travels the of honor which shall possible to vision of here—a their in to retain warmth blanket effaced. first broke never be stalwartthat band who

the trail for the Saints of latter bodies. Through divine blessing

days in their trek to the West. A XJERE in the stillness of the their lives were spared. The speaker

salute to the flag is given at Church -LJdesert the caravan gathers a gently comments, "One of these

Buttes in commemorawas my grandmother."

tion of the passing of Another relates the inthis place by President < cident of a cold wedBrigham Young and ding on the plains his companions on when his grandmother,

July 4th, 1847. Mary Ann Frost was

married to Oscar Win- /"\N goes the caravan ters by President Lo- - to that historic renzo Snow. Still anspot of the plains other tells of how his

lost his hat and name fatherFort Bridger—a to wear was compelledfamiliar in every home

where dwell descend- a sunbonnet across the ants of the Pioneers. plains, and so on

Picture a grassy inclosaround the circle. One,

ure bordered by gracenot a member of the ful trees. Farther away Church, speaks in sinthe grim, silent hills rise Services at Rock Creek Hollow, Wyoming, June 22, 193 1, around cere emotion of the Pimajestically and above grave where fifteen hand cart veterans of the Willie Company oneer women and calls

in the dark blue sky the are buried upon all the assembly bright stars keep watch. to stand in silence for a

In the center burns a huge bonfire second time about the campfire to moment in their honor.

thewhose flames light up the faces of recall the thrilling scenes of the On the day following—

is joined by the large concourse of people who past, One tells of two little chilSabbath—the caravan

have come from far and near to dren- -sisters, who, being critically the President of the Church and pay respect to those who passed other men of national and local this way. A chorus of male voices prominence and impressive services

delights the audience and to the are held. A fitting tablet of bronze

accompaniment of the "fiddle"and embedded in the solid rock is dedthe accordion, songs of the plains icated by the President while all are sung and touching incidents the company gathered there bow in are narrated. The hymn, "Come, reverent and grateful memory to

Come, Ye Saints"takes on a deeper those brave souls who sacrificed in meaning as the scenes it suggests such large measure to found a are brought to mind. Children home "far away in the west"

and grandchildren of Pioneers join where their children and children's hands encircling the fire, while children might dwell.

within stand two or three who The inscription on the tablet is themselves followed the trail long as follows:

ago.

In honor of the Mormon Pioneers who

Then on and on the caravan passed Independence Rock, June 21. 1847,

winds its way, through the moununder the leadership of Brigham Young, tains up to the divide, down toon their way to the valley of the Great than of 80,000 Salt and more Lake, followed by oxemigrants who Mormonjective of carts, other means and teams, handward thepoint—Independenceeast and north to itsRockob-—the Register of the Desert. Silent Marker at Independence Rock, Wyoming, travel, seeking religious liberty and ecoand dark and huge it rises out of made of stones brought from different nomic independence.

the sand, a magnificent pile, placed states for encampment, July 4, 1930. Erected June 21, 1931, by descendants

there, one can andthe Pioneersfollowers whoof easily imagine, have made the desby a Divine and ert bloom as a rose.

loving Father, to mark the spot Near by are where his chilindications that dren should many of that pass on their brave band way to Zion. found a last

Over its sides resting place are roughly inand, not far scribed the away, as if to names of many guard the silent who paused The Tom Sun Ranch at Devil's Gate, Wyoming Rock and those

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 575

who sleep within its shadow, is a marker which reads "Willie's the inviting Tom Sun Ranch Company, many of whom perwhose occupants shall ever be reRock Creek* ished in the snow in November, membered for their friendly acts Written for the Captain of the Caravan, 1856."The campfire is built on the

and cheering hospitality. To this George Albert Smith very ruts where the wagon wheels

spot, as a bride, fortysix sumonce passed and for the third time traveled road left the Caravan ago, mers the the came of mother is service a quiet the held in solemn OUR old, old trail the follow To here, far family the and from evening. the of beauty Sabbath valley peaceful a

centers, she crowded dwelt has circle is the again Once formed vale. grasscovered and ItAnlediristo

through the years. and one by one the members speak

We pitched our tents on the old road bed tenderly of father, mother, grandtires dented wagon by Deep the peaceful afternoon Sunday relative parent other TN or made who to sing used they songs the sang We its the caravan begins faithful of ones. up the band As campRres. bright of our the warmth homeIn

ward journey, leaving now the the Pioneer hymns are sung again traveled road and following the That when the quiet of the night and the prayer is offered, every heart trail, still visible in part, over Its benediction spread is mellowed and as the group dispast, our the out From those passed. early Pioneers which fathers came—perses tents, several to the the calm dead. longer were no They difficult passes dust Heat and and offer to night seems its benediction

are encountered, but these only Over the hill the handcart train on those who sleep to waken on the serve to make more vivid the realiPushed slowly its weary way morrow and on those who sleep zation of what they suffered. On Rock Creek's banks they made their to waken at the "Resurrection

And now another scene presents Footsorecampat the close of day. Day."Softly these words are sung

itself. The company is gathered as the company stands around the

about a spot within a sheltered Dry was the grass, frozen the stream, graves the next morning; soulfully,

cove where, encircled by the masThe cold wind shivered the willows tall. prayers ascend to heaven in praise

rest here and in gratisive mountains, in 1856, that deWithThen scantysang thecoverssong theybelovedmadeby theirall. beds of those who

voted band of Martin's Handcart tude for the heritage they have left.

Company strove to find shelter "And if we die before our journey's When first the glorious light of truth from the heavy storms of winter. through Burst forth in these last days,

all is Well. Happy there few were with How heart and hand their already had numberMany of

free are from toil and sorrow it did We thendjay, obey engage! To perished after the here by way but too, Yet those of few how many

long waiting, help from the ValWith the just we shall dwell."Have passed from earth away,

ley came to their relief. The caraAnd in their (graves are sleeping

van group stands about while a For some that happy day had come, Till the resurrection day. Wm. Clayton

in their eyes closed sleep mercy When is placed, each childmarker the of the storm, angel rode Death's epiinteresting one upon more CTILL Pioneers his contributing shovel to * said "Arise."them And sode awaits the caravan. an In

is full soil. of deposited one And isolated spot the sagebrush among

filled the hearts those sadness of Deep for the his "Prophet Joseph"by other plots burial are two discovstill journey must on Who great, great, grandson. solemn A ered. lie Here a tell a to a rockpiled and man Leaving womound

is offeredprayer the slowly and tale silent just gone. those of the A and stones are man on rough

* * * * heart eachgroup away, near moves "1844"scratched the dates and thee, to pledge allegiance Lord, "Webursting emotion. with "1845."is prayer ofagain lonely that pause, A grave by As we

To love and if it need be, die, fered and the party turns away.

T'HE way now leads into a Crusaders in Thy glorious cause,"On the homeward trip kind * sheltered, peaceful vale where—R. G. T. hospitality is again extended by

other memories cluster. Here is seen where*A campingfifteen membersplace on oftheJas.PioneerG. Willie'sTrail, dear Wyoming friends.

plainly the marks made by the long Handcart Company perished in November, The "Mormon Pioneer Caraprocession of wagons in early years 1856, and were buried in one grave. van"of 1931 will forever be an

and the very breezes seem to whisper outstanding experience in the of their passing lives of all who and of the sad were privileged farewells which t o participate.

were spoken as Deeper gratitude many laid away and reverence for their loved ones those whoblazed in the frozen the way, more ground. For faith in the cause

Rock Creek to which they Hollow is anwere devoted, other cemetery greater determinof the Pioneers. ation to follow

In one grave in their footsteps fifteen were bu-—these are the

ried while indiemotions s t i r- cations point to ring every heart numbers of othas the journey ers. Here stands Members of the Mormon Caravan to Independence Rock comes to a close.

m. m

p'tmx..

is the Place Why This By RUTH M. MARSHALL

built. be would to the should Mountains. This not should Church Many Rocky dare break away whoPEOPLE fail said if death the others be did put to and not build Lord would we established beapostatize, from the old

it lives their in persecutors, a as be rejected or lose should with our by Church we;

liefs of the masses must exconsequence of exposure and disease. Some our dead. Why did he say it? Because

pect criticism. That is inevitable. of them would live to go and assist in the Saints were becoming slothful and

But they should not be forced to making settlements and build cities and covetous, and would spend their means endure violence such as the belief seethe themidstSaintsof thebecomeRockya Mountains."mighty people in uponthey wouldfine housesput it forintothemselvesa House ofbeforethe

of the early "Mormons"brought Lord; but we went at it and finished it

it into the over of the hands turned and these peoIt is true thatto them. his people must that Knowing

hell, the spite earth of and and in Lord theple from were dissenters safety, place Joof on to a acmove labored so faithful that brethren were we cepted religions of the day, but seph Smith had already taken steps day and night to give them their enthey took nothing but peaceful to send men to investigate locadowments."

steps to establish their views. The tions in Oregon and California

liberty of every man "to worship when death ended his earthly leadBut it was impossible for the

God according to the dictates of ership. people to remain in Nauvoo. They

his own conscience"was with Had the enemies of the "Morwere obliged to leave the city with them a fundamental principle. mons"realized the power of the its Temple as they had left PortThe opposition which the new "Mormon"leader, their reland. Their problem, then, was

"Mormons"met in Nauvoo may joicing over the death of the to find a place where they might be accounted for, partly, by the Prophet would have been shortbuild and worship undisturbed.

fact that they were abolitionists. lived. Brigham Young was a Oregon seemed unsuited to this

Brigham Young and his followborn colonizer. He was the type purpose because there the "Morers were always staunch upholdof man whose keen mind and mons"would be in the minority,

ers of the Union. No wonder, sturdy selfreliance could draw and they had no reason to expect

then, that those rabid sympathizpeople after him into a new, unless bitterness than that from ers of Stephen A. Douglas should broken country. which they were fleeing. Calwant to drive the "Mormons"ifornia was destined soon to be

from their midst. '"THE "Mormons"ha.ve always overrun with goldseekers and in

been a templebuilding people. view of subsequent events, one can

VTOTHING else in the world is It is a vital part of their belief. In see that it was not the place.

- so dangerous as hatred spring- a sermon recorded by Wilford ing from religious bitterness. The Woodruff, President Young said: N a sermon preached in Salt

Prophet Joseph Smith understood "Everything at Nauvoo went with a Lake City in after years, this when he declared August 6, rush. We had to build the Temple with President George A. Smith made

1842: the trowel in one hand and the sword in this statement:

the other and mobs were upon us all the "That the Saints would continue to while, and many crying out, 'Oh! the "We look abound today and behold

suffer much affliction and would be driven Temple can't be built!'I told them it our city clothed with verdure and beautiThe Improvement Era for August, 1931 577

ful with trees and flowers, with streams territory, which will soon become one of "The coming of the Utah pioneers was of water running in almost every directhe States of the Union."not a thing of chance. They were not

tion. The question is frequently asked: a body of aimless wanderers going they

'How did you ever find this place?'I knew not whither, but a company of inanswer, we were led to it by the inspira- 'THE history of the "Mormon"telligent, educated, thoroughly organized

tion of God. After the death of Joseph * Church might have read difmen, the peers of any of their time, goSmith, as seemed if every trouble when it

and calamity the had come upon Saints, ferently if the people of the east ingfullyto decideda destinationupon, whichfor thehadaccomplishbeen careBrigham Young, who was president of had possessed the religious tolerment of a definite purpose."

the Twelve, then the presiding quorum ance of Father de Smet. He not

of the Church, sought the Lord to know only sympathized with all pio12, July 1847, Brigham they they should what do and where QN neers posaided wherever them but should safety. lead the for people ill, And appointYoung, was who sible. gaining friendship the By daily fasting praying they while were and ed Pratt Erastus and Orson Snow

this President subject, a Indians had the the Oreon of Young he made a party of fortyfive with men to vision of Smith, Joseph showed him who safer for the emigon Trail much giving ahead, called go the them the followmountain Ensign Peak, immeit travel to grants over must who there diately Salt City, of north and Lake ing counsel:

was an ensign fell upon that peak, and their new homes.

said: the 'Build under point where Joseph this leader of has Church fifteen No "Select twenty or young men

fall the colors will prosper and you to cut a of the go ahead recklessly company and and ever entered into enany peace.'have that the they brush so through roadway terprise the concerned welwhich

tget their wagons down into the valpeople. fare of the This most imcanItey. been a load must have What

caretherefore, portant move, was lifted shoulders the capable from fully great leaders, planned Brigby Brigham Unlike Young many he knew of Brigham Young when associates. his initiative and Hours encouraged Young were ham a certainty for the place to which

he must lead his people! But he spent in the study of such things in other men who were associated

also realized the immensity of the as the construction of boats, selecwith him. He possessed the nattravel, seeds, scition of pioneer gift ural of out the best drawing task task before was him. That

irrigation. ence and that Intuitively Important in them. he was safely, thousand twenty to move allotted tasks to the were gift right the the of selecting most cahad Illinois heart to the people from pable men, and these right place. the had men This man for as the of was then what known appointed workers under in his choice displayed them so power was to so Desert Great American and

establish them that they could live that the work could be accomof the leaders of this scouting exquickly. There the into were land some pedition was which in peace and comfort. plished

their lives pioneers final while resting the place of who lost to be the crossing plains the the great perSaints. but a Pratt Orson was all his qualof other A BOVE centage small very scientist was scicompared like great and most** ities been has Brigham Young

loss surely the with what entists a of would something dreamwas practical. credited being with He leaders have less the been er. been had the exactly Erastus was Snow systematicalhis plans aboutwent

efficient. realopposite type of man. He ly. possible inforsource of No

mation was overlooked. John C. When every detail had been ized the value of science but he was

Fremont had traveled through the thoroughly planned, the great able to apply it in a practical way

Rocky Mountains and had recordmarch began. It is a dramatic, to the problems that confronted

ed his travels in a journal which soulstirring story of a people him. Next to Brigham Young

Brigham Young studied industriwhose love of God drove them on himself, Erastus Snow was probously. In the fall of 1846, while courageously, to find the place they ably the greatest pioneer and colonencamped on the Missouri River, believed a divine providence had izer of the band of "Mormons."

the farseeing leader of the "Morprepared for them. The main party of the pioneers,

mons"spent many profitable hours President Anthony W. Ivins led by Brigham Young, finally

talking to Pierre Jean de Smet, speaking of this event in a recent tore their way through the rocks, the Catholic priest from Belgium, sermon said: ravines and canyon debris to the

who was so beloved by the Inmouth of what we now call Emidians of the Northwest. gration Canyon. This was July

Father de Smet afterward wrote 24, 1847.

to his nephew:

T T is impossible to imagine the "In the fall of 1846, as I drew near * feelings of that small company to the frontiers State of the of Missouri, as they looked the valley that upon

I found the advance guard the of 'Mortheir to be future was home. Theymons,'numbering ten about thousand,

camped upon the territory of the Omahas had been a hunted, driven people not far from old Council Bluffs. They for so long that the sight of a land

just out,had been driven for the second in they could find which peace and time,... a State from of the Union, rest from wandering have must askedThey a thousand questions me about

glorious seemed Ithe regions had explored; valand the to them—inhosley just described which I have to as you pitable it looked. There was

pleased greatly I them the from account i feeling no wild rejoicing but of it. ofgave them that deterWas what perfect settled contentment overmined assert them? not dare I would to

it. They are there. In the last three the company.

years Utah has changed its aspect, and Brigham Young wrote in his from a desert has become a flourishing journal:

578 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

fields will fruitful remembered It be into world. converted that desert rested light spirit upon me the of "The Saints the occupied by then country the ennatural I felt this simple, valley, the and through over hoveredand taken being soil, was and Mexican was protecfind Saints would the therethat principle. key which gineering The Battalion the by possession of Mormon safety."tion and of doors the agricultural great unlocked future common- a as pioneers and

Wilford Woodruff, in his hisUnitedwealth States."to the credit and honor of the peoplethe arid bywestthiswasgreatgiven "Mormon"to modern

tory, tells of this event: leader when, on July 21, 1847,

steps were valley, entered the he even taken, before IMMEDIATE itself to view presented the valley "As the Saints, of of J- upon the arrival to this sturdy band Erastus the dam he directed gaze ofbefore Snow exrelations Brigham President Young peacefulpioneers, about to bring the flood land creek the and up place. the satisfaction full with hispressed Indians. the the Brigham with for be prepared it might that before the view him had shown LordThe policy had always Young's simple of crops. been planting his By this Iky upon as he vision, now,in a and

fight bit of instruction he not only conbed, (still physically indisposed) in Elder to "feed the Indians—not to

also showed carriage, the Lord naturallyWoodruff's Indians folThe them."safety to the of his tributed

future the concerning things manyhim suspioneers with the looked upon a great also he lowers, but made testiunited with one valley; and theof in this feeling, but awe, picion and they that felt to the world. contribution company the pioneermony,

had reached their destination. They could most cases, was turned to friendfeet in their of soles rest thenow red the men became peace ship when mobs."fury of angry A few years later, Brigham the free from beand taken by the stand of the aware

said: from that Young so different settlers, new the Great of the Valley yet And

parties. trapping of most a presented have mustSalt Lake "Seven years ago today, about eleven

desolate appearance to the people o'clock, I crossed the Mississippi River, pioneers hung the of place, hopes this brethren, for not with The my fertile the lived upon hadwho at that time were whither knowing we success Of of irrigation. the upon It Missouri. Illinois and offarms firmly going, the believing that but Lord not do the "Mormons"course lizcrickets and infested with a reserve in place thewas for us in good Had use first to the been to have claim dilead of that sign any he us mountains, and would no ards. was There

habitation, for the valley was this method of watering their rectly to it. It is but seven years since

are ready to and Nauvoo we left we practiced now on been had for it and crops, a few trappers to onlyknown I build another Temple. back look upon and Euphrates the of the banks Indians the who roamtraders and pleasure. labors with our beginvery since the rivers Nile length. covered its sagebrushed

assassinated Smith, Joseph and "They the were they history, but of ning the tree, a and scarcely wasThere into the they where, us drove mountains It has it land. this in first use to rushed which streams a,s is sterile said, mountain the they land and good

facpowerful most of the one been kill for Indians nothing where and soon would were the canyons fromdown this of all hearts. us, the as development their in believed they tors with the soil of baked the lost over

this, said believed propheand and They of millions the of country. Think gave that thing plain. one The sied that the 'Mormons'night day and irriexcept that, for acres land of security feeling of a and comfort to starved be death going were and would

to the worn Saints was the surgation, would be waste plains toor killed by Indians."

rounding bulwark of purple, day!

snowcapped mountains. They Later he said:

gave promise of rich fields where T3RIGHAM YOUNG, with his the streams from their peaks had prophetic gaze, could see this "Until the Latterday Saints came here, been guided into useful paths. notand athosepersonwhoamonghad traveledall the mountaineershere, so far

believed learn, that of as could an ear we of disfeeling Yet there was no valleys. these ripen in corn would We as people the satisfaction among excellent ha>ve region an that we know

they saw their future home. It wherein to raise cattle, horses and every

looked beautiful to them because other kind of domestic animal we need.

they knew that here they would be thirteenWe also yearsknewagothisthiswhensummer,we cameBridgeihere able to build permanently, and besaid to me, 'Mr. Young, I would give

cause the leader they followed and you a thousand dollars if I knew that an trusted had said: "This is the ear of corn could be ripened in these mounplace."tains.and haveI hayetriedbeenin herevain, forovertwentyand yearsover

HTHE first task of the Saints, after again."

*- attending to their immediate needs, was to fulfil the prophecy TTE, in Utah, should realize the strength, the beauty and the made several years before by Brig- "ham Young. tragedy of the lives of those pioneers who, eightyfour years ago

Wilford Woodruff, the camp this summer, entered this valley.

historian, says: That President Young was inspired is attested by the beautiful

Presithe twentysixth, Monday, "On built temples by the and sacred several brethren ascended dent and Young to Saints Canada from the Latterday a of on the mountain to summit north, which they named Ensign Peak, Arizona; and from the pinnacle of

a name it bias borne ever since. Elder the greatest of all modern temples

first to gain the the sumWoodruff was to the the truth trumpets Moroni unfurled the they Here of the peak. mit Place."is the "This world that to Liberty of flag, the Ensign American

en HOMES andNow Address delivered by Hon. Arthur M. Hyde,

Secretary of Agriculture of the United

States, at the National Council ofBoy Scouts of America, Memphis, Tenn., May 5, 1931,

the womanly virtues beONCEstorybooksupon aof time,—asa bygone theera exemplifyfaithless mother who would not

a home. opportufamily had scant put it,—there was The nothwas its spending pleasantly Architecturally,—it fore her daughter. for nity

ing to boast about. Small in size, idle time, but it had something

rudimentary in construction, angubetter,—little idle time to spend.

of bare in color,lar drab in form, it but banks, savings It no had has progressconveniences, modern savfor them. What need no had init and as unsightlycondemned family the equal can bank ings

sanitary. cellar with its rows and rows of

Furnished with an eye to duracanned fruits and jellies, its bins of bility and utility only, heated by apples and potatoes, its stock of stoves or fireplaces in spots, ventigood things laid by? Of the good

lated by icy blasts through cracks old smoke house with its hams and or crevices, lighted by candles or side meats hanging from pegs on kerosene lamps, watered by a tin the rafters? And what training in

pail and a dipper, hospitable alike thrift or in economics can excel theto flies and wayfarers,—it was hard necessity of saving the little

tolerated by a scientific and hythings to create a store sufficient for gienic age only until it could be a year in advance?

superseded by something better.

But,—'T'HAT family was primitive. It

Isolated in loneliness, it shut * put first things first. It dealt

within its walls a family. The with nature in her varied moods.

very immensity of the surrounding It relied upon the creative power spaces threw a sheltering arm of nature's God, and it placed its around it. faith in the God of Nature. The

It was compelled to rely upon old timehonored and straintested its own resources. It developed moralities were close to its heart

entity and solidarity. It was a for they were inherent in the famself contained unit. ily ties which gripped, controlled

the family to sun, sun"CROM and sheltered it. of its was part of country Love

toplayed together, -*- worked of part life family owned for the and together, met gether, planned the country and had a stake in its toproblemssurmounted common management. the of every minute gether. At

day, each member of the family Obedience to law was the natknew what the others were doing. ural order of existence for the peace

At night they gathered about the and security of the family dependkitchen table to >read, play games, ed upon the wisdom of the manpop corn or plan for tomorrow. dates of its head, and upon the acThat home was both center and ceptance of this wisdom by the

circumference of the universe for family.

the family. Every interest cenThe family needed to repeat no

tered there. Every memory was oath to be loyal to their God, their

woven about it. Every aspiration country and its laws.

sprang from it or was based upon % it. '"TURN to page 1931. How fares

-* the modern home? Great hoThe schools to which it had ac- J

cess were inferior. But what school tels and apartment buildings,

is better than experience, and what which are models of beauty in deteacher more inspiring than father sign, the acme of perfection in conand mother? venience and lighting, luxurious in

He would indeed be a debased furnishing and appointment, are father who would not be his best subdivided into tiny cells or clusbefore his son. She would be a ters of cells which myriads. of peo580 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

pie call home. There are no fires depression, there comes the chalcares what we poor humans do,

to build or keep, no water to fetch, lenge to all our institutions, all our with our small segment of time no lamps to fill, no chores to do. accepted moralities, even to our out of an eternity of time.

They are places to come back to, Government itself. On the seas of life, mankind

but not places to live in. They Free love and easy divorces are needs not only anchorage, but ando not grip or hold the affection not the product of the old time chors. Without home, without

of the family. home, nor of the old time family. country, without God, man is a

Father spends his working hours Internationalism and the idea derelict little better than other flotat the desk, lathe or counter. that it is ignorant to be patriotic sam of the waves. Safely moored,

Mother must shop or attend meetdid not originate in the family life in his own home, in the peace and ings and run the home between of the home owner. security which comes from the rule

times. Sonny and sister must go Socialism and communism are of law, anchored in love of counto school, and keep up with its not rooted in the soil of family eftry and reverence of God, he is free

varied activities. They make home fort, family initiative and family indeed.

a port of call in time for the evereward.

ning meal. Atheism is not the natural prodScouting Teaches Freedom

At night, the movies, the theuct of the open spaces where man atre, the automobile and other contacts with nature. HOPE I am no reactionary

amusements are beckoning fingers, These isms are the products of * either in politics, economics or enticing the family away from the urbanization of humanity, of religion. There is a necessity of

home. the philosophy of industrialism; widening and remodeling our soof the idea of economic determincial structure to meet the demands

| not any by means to DO wish a ism. social of organism. growing Such x imply that the cenof homes a can changes the be in house made lies In a them to menace sotury ago were perfect in idealism in live which without we upnow lies in the and opporthem or in practice, nor that modern its rooting foundations. They the indispensable ciety,tunity—nav are homes lacking in the virtues as be should rapidly as their made the Scouts of Boy Amerneed—for and the moralities. such Any desirability becomes apparent, ica. proBoth living boys and in men sweeping statement as be would vided that only changes such be such conditions to need keep on in untrue case one as in the other. to demonstrated be sound, and repeating and recounting their duty I attempting am merely to describe genuinely conducive the to happito their God, the law. Country and a tendency is which incident to our ness of the greatest number.

industrialization, to the division of Nevertheless, there are the supplements some CCOUTING labor, to the concentration *-* of our of the things that work change. not the do home and Depeople in cities, to and the other school. It first pressions first. puts things go, proscome and may forces, recreational and otherwise, It gives the its perity at mind, boy sowane, and most wax may so far which as the solidarity of cial impressionable age, the schemes economic and fundamenmotives the American is concerned, Home tal life, facts of ebb keeps are and there flow, and it busy, may some are centrifugal forces, throwing the fashion, verities in boy that are been, boy always programs have unexperiences,common the associader it auspices, fills ever boy idle shall true. now, and be In time tions training and of the family, all healthful, with the activconstructive change, ferment and andaway from the home. ities, relates all challenge, and are to truths them the some which

is There a forced many man by eternal verities. into came primordial chaos with mechanical specialized and industhe stars shooting the from which is Patriotism not an outgrown try to office in work or shop where universe was will which made and shibboleth. is Patriotism the name his boy cannot go, wonders who all return to the seat of a of Truth of group sentiments which awith in his lump throat, what abundantly more proved the exby have lives ennobled the of millionskind of character is his boy formperiences of every soul of in human the past, their men pointeding under his

its flight which wings the efforts environment,—and from their aspirations and toward voices awho prayer that will God here turmoil to the peace yonder. fairer a civilization. Patriotism afterlook while him can't, dad

a pillar today forms is love of cloud of them of country. by Oneand many realizes a woman who a pillar day and of fire by night is existence Another of God.that her house a vital is empty of

something which filled her father's guiding the wanderings and gropAnother is the hardto-learn home. ings of mortals upward. fact that there is no liberty exThe result of law is not recept under the ordered rule of law.

TX3SSIBLY the increase in living pression but liberty. There is no Gentlemen of the Boy Scouts of

standards and the spread of the liberty except in the order and seAmerica, to you is due the gratigood things of life over constantly curity of law. There must be govtude of the nation.

widening groups of our people are ernment. That government will Through your patient service

worth the price we pay in other come from within through voland wise direction you are builddirections for our industrialization. untary obedience to law, or from ing into the future that kind of

Like it or not, we are in the grip without through the autocracy of character which is founded upon of economic and industrial forces a dictator or the greater tyranny of eternal truth.

which are carrying us resistlessly minorities. It needs to be blazoned You are building a national

along to some undefined objective abroad that law violators are not fortress upon everlasting rock, which can only dimly be glimpsed. reincarnated forefathers. against which the waves of chance,

Coincident with this trend, and God is not a myth, but a Creof passion and of prejudice may emphasized by an acute economic ator, who somehow knows and dash,—but dash in vain.

Facing Life By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

What is a Good Job

your idea of a telligent answer. Of one thingWHAT'Sgood job?"If you want they may be sure—they will soon

to get some stimulating all have a job and they may have it answers to an altogether ordinary a long time. I fancy I can hear

question, ask that one of the next some of the unemployed say:

score of men you encounter. For "That's give us the job

the past I have care month been don'tfine—just it is."what But ad-—we

itdressing in all stations to men shall not always we have we hope,life:of farmers, dairymen, street the depression the with us—thatcar conductors, railroad engineers, answers of discouragement may

lawyers, concession stand attendnot long be so frequently the reants, doctors, accountants, taxisponse.

drivers, teachers, wharf hands, It is interesting to note, in passelect it. Have I a real "hankering"

auctioneers, bankers, sailors, sheeping, that everyone interviewed in after it? Would I be proud to be

men, gas station attendants, carthis inquiry, as well as everyone known as doing it? Could I give

penters, missionaries, painters, listed in the bibliography attached my life to it happily? Have I conpolicemen, miners, barbers, and a to a former chapter, is agreed that fidence in my ability to do the

great group of day laborers at inone of the most helpful things a work eminently well? Aside from

cidental jobs. young person can do is to ponder pay, hours of work, conditions of

What a furrow in the field of our query: work, is it the kind of job I have

desire such an inquiry turns up. "What for me is a good job?"been "looking for?"Am I happy

Harrowing there for many an arPerhaps the most helpful thing in thoughts of the work both on ticle. Follow the plow through we can do is to set up a measuring and off the job? Can I believe

just a few rounds: stick to apply to possible openings with Joseph French Johnson that

as they present themselves. It is there is a job for me?

"Short much perfectly clear at the outset pay—not that hours—goodwork."is in the "There every to power man there are relatively few, "ideal job which didn't always you on "A while. something worth each do In man's jobs."are jobs Most good a boss checkinghave made up."you is breast, there so to speak, dia- a hidden

"Something with a regular, dependable so by the intelligent devotion of mond. It is his business to find it, for

income."else is can. his nobody the That diamond one holding too, in it. Then,

could job so you Have and "A a home self, best self is that the capable of he a work-a-day there world inevtherebe right along."If being. finally self he the becomes best

be must less some or more didn't where so itably have "One you to do will successfully he aspires the do he work everlastingly much study to keep up."undesirable jobs to do. Circumto do and receive a satisfactory reward."

job "A so that some day you could stances still makes it necessary for into something."grow

to some go men the through pull so get wouldn't it you jumped "A a job that such the mire."and "muck,need lateon to happened be in a if you Nor once

it we II.—Ispursuit will of not impairwhile. to a hate clock be puncher."stress You fact the all that worthy work "A place where you could work with is honorable. unnecessarily my health or

people.""A job with a lot of work to do with But if a young man enjoys the vitality?

a boss who appreciated a good piece of privilege, as thousands do, of sework when you do it for him."lecting and preparing for his life's IFE is man's greatest heritage.

finished that a job you've "Such when criteria work, by what should he feel as ifthe you've day's you work With, It healthdeservesgone,to beall safeguarded.life suffers a really evaluate a good job? values Thehelped somebody."tremendous handicap. Will the different will a little once looks job that be not "A it is another absolute—job It's in question just to deadening a while.in go on hazlead me into case of "moreor-lessness."

repeating what you did yesterday all the cost which the use may me What are the notches of our ardstime."limbs or leave crippled of my me stick? measuring

out across the years? Will it inTF we might continue on across volve exposure such that rheumatic* the field we should likely hit I.—Is it a job, the work of pain may haunt all of my late

upon your idea. Whether we which appeals to my interest years? Will it affect my vital orshould or not, of course, is of and for which I am adapted? gans so as to render me only a halfminor importance. The really sigman in efficiency? Does it involve

nificant is that thing all, young is men the to job be hazard, to the A FTER light of the eye—the * raise the quesshould mine.and women so be ever It may good soul? course, uncertainty atOf

tion for themselves early enough a job, but if it isn't good for me it taches to almost all occupations.

to set about finding their own inwill be a lifelong misfortune if I As someone has said: "Most peo582 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

pie die in bed."But given the least to weigh carefully the conworries. He so often discovers,

right to choose, I owe it to my sequences of my selection. however, that by the time jhis

future, to pass by openings known wages have reached $150 his wants the wants reached $200. have And degree satit goodlyto by a be attended job with a some V.—Is single imperative. man The seem hazard, disablingof it beto attached isfaction think to young man—ought—the service rendered? of cause part. in least life his through—at it or in which, a jobIII.—Is himself signing Is he up—receivgenuinely I are teachers develop can which,through TlEAL a "blind in training early his ing

of fully my capabilities? happy. They are conscious alley"sort of job which secures

soulstuff. regularly with dealing his for $80 him a month—ample befine deinto life's unfold vocational manhood Boys A SI face my inadewholly but needs present** to It is eyes. cision, fore their very bear good in mind I must shall have married he quate when

that I am unique in the world. I stand by and see the result of your and launched the building of a

labors entitled in improved to manhood.am a family? of rearing one copyright—the the and home

personality. Ministers win the I owe itone who really on my grocery the pay can money Only

to myself to find a niche in which hearts and confidences of their conbill and the rent. It is the only

I can fully reveal that self. So gregations reap a wonderful satismedium of settlement at the hosmany men go through the humfaction. To have "pointed the pital. I should be able to see thatdrum of routine of their daily tasks way"'—to have relieved the burden I can put a foot into the partlyto rush out to the "sidelines"in of sorrow—to have opened a hope opened financial door so that underwhich they are really themselves.—to have established a conviction greater need I can give the door a

a comlittle further push. If it is alreadyThe trouble lies in the fact that—all of these things carry

usually they earn their livelihood pensation never deposited with the wide open I should prepare to apat the humdrum. More training bank. proach another door or make up

purbuild a fine can The grocer application—more—more my mind to relative penury. ought to lead planningposeful the counter. into friendship over An

"sidethis in which opening an dependable courtesy—a offers regular it a job which gift become can line"my solid guarantee of goods VII.—Is unfailingservice—a to ingenuity trade. in Thestock to these of things to challenge allow a perpetual him my—all selfrevealingdiscover sort own a vicarious of become my member possibilities?

pursuit may be the real challenge of every family in his community.

of my life. Dare I follow it In the long run I shall likely TJOR the past two weeks I have

through? Have I the courage to find greatest happiness if I choose *- been holidaying at a seaside rereach out for the place which cirwork in which a prominent place sort. The daily dip in the ocean

ready hand me cumstance can may not sea been be given to the "human equahas invigorating—the is fuller of world tion."labeled? The carries all its own. an inspiration

opportunities for those of creative Among the impressions most sigimagination than ever before. VI.—Is it a job the compen-

I sation for which will allow iskeepthecloseobservationto. the shore.that theOnlycrowdsthe IV.—Is it a job at which nificant in these seaside ponderings shall establish worthy associme to do for my family what venturesome risk the larger waves.

ations? I honestly hope to do for There is plenty of room in the

them? deeper water. More hazard, of

SOsarilymuchbe ofspent.my "intimethewilljob"necesthat /DD, perhaps, that I should course,achievementbut moretoo. ofIn athesensesea ofof I owe it to myself to select worthy leave the matter of compenlife, do I hold to the shore of -the

I dare companions. My life will so very sation so long in this consideracommonplace? Or, do

largely reflect their influence. The tion. It certainly lies at the very swim out toward the larger waves

old adage Jiolds true "A man is heart of work. There is someof the future? At the close of

judged by the company he keeps."thing sacred about it. It not only today can J really say that I have

It just has to be true. All day is the pay for the best I have in me ventured? Have I pushed on out

is the medium through which and risen with a real wave? Or, long I exchange ideas with the men—it

about me. Their thinking regu- I can bring many of the satisfachave I merely splashed around knee

larly crosses mine. We all have to tions of life to my loved ones. But deep in what satisfies everybody

think with "what's in the mind."there are several fascinating aspects else? Is there a sense of finality in

The interplay of ideas and ideals of wages that need to be pondered. today's performance, or am I layin the end must register upon my In the last analysis we are all paid ing today foundations for tomorconsciousness. If I am susceptible only in part for what we do. Much row's building? Does my job

to their influence I yield in part at of our compensation must always thrill me with the urge to a greater least to their standards., If I am be tendered in satisfaction. Then, mastery? Have I a challenge to

not I shall likely rule myself out too, wages and what we can do beat my own record? Only yesterof their fellowship to such a degree with them are always so relative. day I sat with a young man who

that I can scarcely hope to become We can always easily find ways to revealed his plans for the next ten their leader. Am I selecting a job spend all we make. Many a man years. Not wishes or hopes—real

definitely because I welcome the who once made $100 a month felt concrete performances set up to be impress of known companions upcertain that if he could only make done. He is today reading the

on my life? If not, I ought at $150 he would have no further [Continued on page 630]

Abraham's Three Visitors By SIDNEY B. SPERRY

Director L. D. S. Institute

Moscow, Idaho FORof themanyChurchyears havecertainpersistedelders him)appearedis toused.Abraham?Now whoWas reallyit the togivensay isthethatleast.the firstTheverseimpressionis out in using the eighteenth chappre-existent Christ, Jehovah, or of place—or that it is a prelimiter of Genesis as a proof that our was it the great Elohim, the prenary statement put by some anFather in Heaven is a being of siding authority in the heavens? cient scribe as the heading to a

are chapter. The latter occurs veryflesh and bones with attributes very How many of our brethren

similar to those of ordinary men. in a position to answer this quesoften in the Syriac version of the

scriptures. But the question mayThese good brethren call attention tion? We venture the assumption

to verses 1-8 where it specifically that but few, if any, with the be rightfully asked: If the Lord

seems to imply that the Lord as available facts at hand can answer did not partake of food as the a member of a party of three eats the question satisfactorily. The scripture seems to imply, who were

flesh and curds and drinks milk difficulty in this chapter ought to the three men spoken of in the in the same fashion as would a give us warning of difficulty in the chapter as having been entertained special consideration, by chapter Abraham? under In the opinion of could Palestine. native of What the writer the three Gen. namely, 18. Yet many asspoken of men reason, that better they proof,be were mortal 18 story chapter in that the and not sume men the Lord material a has ofthe Heaven God angels. and a in two continuation that of but reasons for Our if he is to similar ourbody own this 1 7. hastily chapter given. may they be go Hence now ordieats as to earth an andcomes

it to that (presumsay on was God reasoning, does? Thisnary man ate King they ably version, Elohim) James mean verse THE who 3 respect to the pasparticularwith reads: presence. said, in Abraham's But what Lord, "And My its has citedsage above, found if I have now text facts? are found the in favour Hebrew thy The our into unfortunately,way, sight, pass I not says: away, 18:1 thee, of Gen. pray Lord "The still hear literature and weChurch from iservant."thy appeared (Jehovah) term, unto by him The

is it into pressed wheresermons is Lord, given terebinth the he capital of JVIamre, while My with of use. the spite of warnings In letters and his at sitting the of assume that many was doorway authorities,certain the of Church

in tent heat of the the addressing day!"Deity. was Abraham E. Talmage, Elder Jamesnotably

is to rest prevent the the us of chapthis writing Throughout What to brethren of seem ourmany as, lord, is ter term, the used. and Lord, assume same my Abraham is scripture in question the think

is addressing this Surely was chapter connot ordinary a men? The doctrinal illustrate suitable tovery

verse 17. of tinuation of chapter Hebrew favors 2 such an personthediscussions involving

is interpretation. belief It the that the of writer Abraham saw

ality, materiality, bodily form and three faithful elders the of of the (Heb. most "men"enashim)

arthis writer ofof God. The standing regard as being by Jehovah him. Church The Hebrew

ticle strongly condemn too cannot refers to Christ. preexistent Certainly, the word virile common, men. question scripture in the ofthe use Greek, spirit as a then, Syriac partake did he not The verLatin and

reasonsfor this purpose. For sions have practically of of ordinary the food But man! the same to ought our brethrengiven below equivalents. still if it that be insisted It is interesting did Deity to

refrain from such use. partake of food the burden of note that in the Samaritan version

proof lies upon the one making instead of the term "my lord"we

HTHE immediate difficulties in our such assertion. The text does not find the plural "my lords"as is

* problem start with Gen. 17 say Elohim, whom Latterday proved by the use of plural sufand concern the titles given to Saints regard as the God we worfixes on words that follow in the

Deity. In verse one of this chapship, the Father of our Lord. Let sentence. Surely no one would aster the Hebrew text says: "the us scan the text a little more closesume that all three men were of

Lord (Jehovah) appeared unto ly. In verse 2 we have: "Raising the Godhead.

Abram, and said to him: I am his eyes, he saw three men standing In the Inspired Revision of the

God Almighty"(ElShaddai). In near him: and when he saw them Bible the Prophet Joseph Smith

verse three we have the following: he ran to meet them from the door gives the rendering "my brethren"

"And Abram fell upon his face, of the tent, and bowed himself and the rest of the verse agrees and God (Elohim) spoke with to the earth."To the writer the with the Samaritan version with

him,"etc. Throughout the rest transition from the first verse to the exception of the suffix of the

of the chapter the term God (Elothat of the second seems peculiar [Continued on page 585]

Evan Stephens By JOSEPH E. RICHARDS

This tribute to a beloved character was awarded the prize of $25.00 offered jointly by the General Boards

of the M. I. A. and Miss Sarah

Daniels. Editors.

Evan Stephens

WRITE not of bards who upon his genius in composition kissed the sky; there was freedom

from the crags of Snowdon and in leadership of the great in the leaping torrent; there was

waste. desert the But in solemnity tireless reaching in Choir, he wasI a sons the of to sang Wales this sense physical a than in more invited the young. for out He a call offiery for freedom but given had Zion. Here was God our of boys from groups young singers brave those ofdescendant

a His his people home. home class at own the his join to Mutuals the heart of the in Wasatchwho peace, security of place of a was Street Salt in Richards hall on his of songs joy and forthpoured the fireside storms. His was from exthrilling a It City. was Lake thanksgivpeace, of and triumph for not only of abode warmth, leader spirit perience. of our The Israel the faith ining, of of God the also for the but weary body the proclamasouls to carried our all for redemption of manand retreat spirit. a garden His was tion: elesomethingkind. was There life, the of thoroughfare busy from

greatness mortals! ye the in of O. "Rouse! Evanmental The dawn is near! waterthe laved fountains where glances! the heavens to your Turn seethed forces CreativeStephens.

filled lily, roses the fragrance the of again earth the darkened Over in delighted soul His him.within deoffered limbs of light truth advances!"drooping air and The the torrents inthe roar of and fruit. voices children's licious Here

fastnessesstillness of mountain friends at play merrily rang and restored of the Gosmessage HTHE In deep. called deep untowhere sentitrue to linger. Here loved lat- * pel, great the spirit of the he forces of nature eternalthe song: into burst forth ment vibrate terday to made work, was art sinwith an God, andfound

a masterus. Here wascere noble he proclaimed His within and

set the could singer who world "OWherehappyflowhomea thousandamong thecrystalhills,rills, power.mighty

vast directing in singing. His joy high mountains grand Surrounded by Stephens of energy Evan The

the reach summits snowcapped his a in response Whose throngs found in leaders boundless. Otherwas sky; waters singers. the of meeting As trainspecialize the inmusic might fair, city a contains Each nook currents great to mingle he loved a students; selected that hearts breathe Filled he of with withing warm

prodigality unparalleled gave himof tone in sublime harmony. With the prayer:

self to the masses and uplifted what assurance he gave the cue for God bless and guard our mountain home, authe to enter! parts Under communities. Others might thewhole our mountain home!"God bless courage his was thority of baton themselves with giving content

polish and finish to the few; he inspired to undertake the music of There is exultation in his andeveloped a groundwork in the the masters: "The Heavens are them, "Let The Mountains Shout

many. "Freely ye have received, Telling the Glory of God,""WorFor Joy!"

freely give,"expressed his democthy Is The Lamb That Was racy. Slain,"such were the themes in

which his soul delighted. "CVAN STEPHENS loved his

"C VEN after world triumphs at Evan Stephens loved Utah. To - people. He loved the Saints.

the great Exposition in Chihim it was the land of Zion. There He loved the prophets of God. He

cago and in the midst of demands was rapture in the mountains that associated with the great men of

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 585

the earth; he was equally at home

with the lowly. Never did he Abraham's Three Visitors

scorn the "base degrees by which [Continued from page 583] he did ascend."As a student in

Boston the picture of his mother last word which has the singular reason, if no other, elders of the adorned his study. Throughout "thy servant"(so the Hebrew) Church ought to be careful in their

his career he drew strength from instead of "your servant."Furtheruse of them.

early associations and from his more the Prophet's rendering "my [Editorial note: E. TalDr. is James as a real possibility close brethren"contact lived those with who

to kind the give forewas enough mage scholar can any Hebrew see. Theto the earth. loved surround to He article going to the from Era. Sperry Elder

himself with clean young people Hebrew for "my lords"looks very He appends the following:]

and spend a week in the seclusion much like the Hebrew for "my

It a "C take but B. would SPERRY, SIDNEY LDER the into brethren."of mountains. took He

article scribe the Abraof the author of a part slight error onhis boys as companions home who developed in all that is manly unto write down "my lords,"as the ham's Three Visitors, has specialder this close friendship. Samaritan has it, instead of what ized in the ancient Biblical languages. suggestion he the been original made have At may my "my quality in dominant Evan The a early the in comparative study brethren."Prophet's version The

as artStephens'in the himself man texts is considof the chapters under this in respect quite remarkable.

is sincerity. in all genuine He was eration, results are his to be and the Furthermore has Prophet an did.that his he founwas Truth commended. question "angel"to as Abrahamdation manifest in his and was

It should be remembered that Sarah's behavior the instead ofentire structure. honesty Rugged

shone from his countenance; the Lord as in the common version. throughout the King James Version the the of Testament, Old verses (See In verse 13 and greatnesssimplicity of 14) stamped was

is capitals, in printed LORD, word tells the Prophet the 22 us that the him. depthsupon know To the equivalent of the Hebrew

is "angels"wereof his holy soul men. to truths The the know or, as English, in JeYahveh,

for theof angels Christ. can of Gospel acHebrew word He scriptures hovah. conshow The

allcepted his as just transtruths those be well throughout with is clusively that Jesus Jehovah heart. his lated as were "messengers."meat and They we May Christ. (See Christ, Jesus Thedrink; his they chief therefore, were delight; not, a great assume with chapter 4.)

life inthey this joy brought degree probability of him that Abratitle In Genesis 18:1, the Lord,

and hope of eternal glory. It was ham's visitors were holy men holdso printed, means Jehovah; but in

fitting that just before died he he the ing Priesthood who were sent verse 3, in the salutation My Lord, in to lead the choirwas privileged the under Lord's direction to speak the word is not capitalized, Lord singing for the assembled conferwith him and to bring about the except, of course, as to the initial.

ence of the Church his "Song of destruction of Sodom and GomorThat expression is not the equivathe Redeemed:"rah? If we assume that they were lent of LORD or Jehovah, but is an

"Asunder now bursting are the chains'of mortal men most of our difficulties ordinary title of courtesy and honsin... vanish. In the light of what has or, such as could have been applied

And soon the earth shall be redeemed been said we deem it unnecessary to any worthy man, especially to and all be won."to quote statements from learned one in authority.

men showing the difficulties inIn the 18th chapter of Genesis

HPHE strife and tumult that herent in Gen. 17, 18 and 19. we have the record of Abraham's

sweep the earth and bring disLearned men realize the difficulties communion with the LORD, and may to the souls of men are a part of these chapters and for that also that of the patriarch's human of that dark night of error that visitors; but these accounts are not

precedes the dawn. Already the given as distinctly separate narraeast begins to kindle. The Master tives. Verse 16 tells of the deparof Life will come in his glory. ture of the men, accompanied by

This was Evan Stephens'faith. Abraham. The distinction beHe sang a welcome to the day of tween these men and the LORD apthe Lord, and he will yet sing pears in verse 22: "And the men

with the hosts of the sanctified that turned their faces from thence, and new song when "the Lord hath went toward Sodom: but Abrabrought again Zion."ham stood yet before the LORD."Who then were Abraham's three

Sweet bard of Israel, sing on! Sing on! visitors at his encampment? They

Forevermore will songs of thine rejoice are not designated by name, but it

Hearts bowed with grief or glad with is apparent that they were meswholesome mirth; sengers sent by the LORD. I venLike beams of living light those truths ture to express an opinion—-an insublime ference only for which I am perWill bring release to captive error's train -4 J.M'sonally and alone responsible

And faith in God implant in souls that "J that the probabilities point to the soon great High Priest, Melchizedek,

Will see the glory of the Chosen One and two associates who may have

Flood land and sea with happiness sustood to him in the capacity of preme. counselors. James E. Talmage.

KEYS to Lost Locks By EDGAR A. GOODSPEED

lectures before the Royal at once for particulars. I was inof books. So many ideas are ofSociety in London, it is formed that they no longer made fered us, so many courses, studies,AT said, the president, after that boat, and I rather wondered formulas, that are keys of forgotstill advertised it. Probten locks. So many slogans, docintroducing the speaker, waits at why theythe door leading to the stage, until ably it was an old order, unexpired. trines, mottoes, proverbs—now

Richard's Althe lecture has begun. But anyway—a key without a outgrown. Poor

This curious and at first somelock. There was once such a boat, manac with its quaint sayings anwhat disturbing custom is due to of course. In Washington the swered well enough for the meagre

the fact that once, long ago, a timguide books call attention to the scale and opportunities of Frankid lecturer, after being duly infascinations of the Dead Letter Oflin's day, but would never have troduced, was overcome with stage fice Museum, with its quaint exdone for the conquest of a confright, and rushed from the scene, hibit of lost letters, so strangely tinent.

leaving audience and president unmissent. But it does not exist.

edified. Hence the subsequent preGo where it is said to be, and they T\7HO among us has not among

caution, enduring even to our days, will tell you wearily how many ** his effects a box of old keys when lecturers, whatever their times a day they have to explain not to be thrown away, for some weaknesses, can hardly be described that there has been no such thing among them may still be necessary, as timid. for years. A key without a lock! or become so when some long forUpon the death of a near relaOf course there was once such a gotten trunk or bag has for a

tive I recently became possessed, thing, and the notice of it guided journey in the baggage car to be among other things much more many a tourist to it. But the locked once more. This hope ensignificant, of a key. I had no tertained for the few among them,

doubt I knew just what lock it supports the many and protects fitted, but when I tried it, it did them from destruction. Full well

not work; it was not the key do we know that most of them

to that lock. I still have the belong to luggage long ago

key, but after many efforts abandoned or doors now

I can find no lock to fit it. shut behind us for the last

It is a key without a time. Still we cling to

lock. them, unsure whether

Much has, of course, some of them may not been said of locks withyet prove to have some out keys; but little, as forgotten function affar as I know, of keys ter all. It is so difficult

without locks. And when you sell an old

yet what a suggestive car or turn over an old theme it is. I somehouse to remember to

times see before counturn in all the keys. So

try churches a horsekeys accumulate, and block, beautifully surmany a man otherwise rounded with green practical enough carturf; a key without a ries upon his person a

lock! Or before suburweight of metal the purban houses a hitching post, poses of some of which he

once so necessary, but now cannot for the life of him redefi- a key without a lock! Bridges call—some even which he

in remote places still display the nitely knows have no more use old warning, "Five dollars fine for him, but only a sentifor driving over this bridge faster mental interest, to bring back an than a walk."notice happens to have survived old house, the old office, some old

I read last summer in a magazine the museum itself. relationship of which that key is

an advertisement of a fishing, boat Of course this is especially true all of a material kind that remains.

for thirtyeight dollars. I wrote in the world of thought and For what after all is history or

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 587

literature but a museum of keys to grander courts and galleries that we tably, to be thrown away.

awaitlie beyond friend seasoned know of somehowlost locks? A fashions in eduold many find the but course ing us, could we declares that the wholemine and dress, manufacture keys XJOW-"- cation,

after when them them; is to and to age open his life from youthof parkeys. Many are such

all, some society of key the last find that reflected in the keys wefaithfully to trying for keenly ents suffer still linger upon his keyring. One prodigious out of doors, beyond bring up children on them. A keen

little instrument among them was our present dreams? No wonder observer recently remarked of a

to use in slipping the ring in the our hands are still full of old keys. distinguished American politician

bull's nose; for the home of his that his policy was up to date in

youth was a Kentucky stock farm. the seventies and eighties, but he

are gone, theBut now—the bulls kept on clamoring for it in the

farm is gone, the folks are gone; of first quarter of the twentieth cenit all there remains only this tiny tury, a generation after it was outtoken, a key to a lock that is lost. grown. How fortunate that his

descended you everTJAVE career ended in disappointment. conjammed once keys such into For

parts of a great** the nethermost will only locks into fidently new its cryptlike there inlibrary and ever. than To tighter them of closerecesses the dead books beheld is date of out a key when know areas of dull Vastother days? the for ones new find to new and

literatures, forgottentheologies, Ameripolitics. is this locks, We

bleak periodicals, left high and dry cans are confused by the transatby the currents of interest and lantic fashion of calling the second the of stream comofopinion; out first, that so the house a floor of is of heart the in '"THERE life; discarded embalmed. andmon floor. *- ground the first becomes the certain England New better fares than fiction noEven mediaeval in because this is not But hosancient mountains an is rest. curious thanthe more What of floor the was ground the houses fashion. telry, unspoiled by modern a for few Except novel? oldan first "floor"the story, first and the is richly Its drawing huge room literature light thegreat masters, planking and beams laid with to be of Boston photographs with hung is as dead generationsof former old second? the of An that was years fifty scenery of and Maine poliits science,as philosophy, and locks. And our suited to not key, it is to say these ago. enough Of journalisttics. a last week Only drive on cousins British our when ladies costumes in the that bathing readers to explain his to tryingwas that us when left, remind they the the for overdressed appear would could was. Black William Hewho with their whips cracked coachmen ladies the street today, while diligently labored more havenot passengers foot the it glee, annoyed street nothresemble the dressed for forgotten been some Blackhad coachthe and side walks the upon it arctic all explorers unless be at fashthe instead ofPharaoh, most side other the to take to had men yet, pole. search the in of And novelist of youth!ionable my course this of road. But the of let not us not deny we the consign to soon them we it—onceHow right of origin the is tied with up positively adrespected but only the stacks, paradise of theremotest arouse will land [left drive, and these getups. more mired The the pedant, but andbookworm dispute. archaeological heated is its day, in a thing fashionable considerably average theto man

it afterwill grotesque the moreless interesting than a good graveat is said of OxRouth Old are these appear. ward Andyard. death of his that to the day the TT* ford,

For here are preserved so many fashion plates of the period. he persisted in using the stage coach

keys to lost locks. Once they served Instructive as are the pictures in to travel to London, instead of

the homely needs of daily life, and this extraordinary room, they are taking advantage of the newly inopened doors through walls of nothing to its furniture. This is vented railway train. On one ocignorance, prejudice and supersti- "period"with a vengeance,—the casion when he put down the usual

tion, which no longer shut us in. period of President Hayes, at its money for his fare, half a crown

For this and what we may learn very height. Every piece in the was returned to him. He asked

from it we do well to prize them, room is a museum piece, and bewhy, and was told that the fare and keep them, lest we forget the longs there and nowhere else. No had been reduced to meet the comlong and difficult path mankind one who has seen it can possibly petition of the railway, Routh

has trodden. Though they be useforget it. But what one yearns for pushed back the change. "I have

less as the key to the Bastille, let is to see the room crowded with always paid a guinea to ride to us preserve and even revere them people of that same period; the London,"said he, "and I always

a little, for what they symbolize period of Saratoga Springs and will."The old key forever for

in human struggle and aspiration. Mammoth Cave; we might almost him. But then he lived to a great

For are we not in effect, all of add of Niagara Falls, in the days age, and used to say that he rememus, shut in the innermost recesses before breakfastfood. But no, the bered hearing a man tell of having

of a vast building, out of whose eyes that gazed with satisfaction been present at the coronation of dungeons we have slowly made upon these scenes, the forms that the last king of Poland. Longevity

our way first into vaults and cellars found comfort in this furniture, puts one to peculiar tests of which slightly more habitable, then into the hearts that here felt the rapture most of us have no conception.

upper and larger rooms with some of fashion and luxury, are no more In my student days I picked up daylight, and on to really commowith us; the locks are gone, and in Switzerland a five franc piece of

dious chambers of size and comthese keys linger thus in out of Napoleon First Consul. I presently

fort; yet still locked in from the way places presently, inevi- [Continued on page 623]

ome AUGUST Anniversaries

By L. D. STEARNS

a It ran hundred day, not if has August they but would allow him time.

then a sudden, of stay, And but animportant years toit—ah,a at the Thus,ALTHOUGHa great many age of fiftyfive, he I'll tell you delay, what happened without

niversaries, there are a few Scaring the parson into fits, set himself to redeem, by his writevents that render the month conFrightening people out of their wits, ings, that immense debt. During

spicuous, as the discovery of South Have you ever heard of that, I say?"1827 he brought out Waverly, in

America, August 1st, 1498, by nine volumes, and realized $60,-

Christopher Columbus; the discovOne who is not familiar with 000.00 from the work. In the

ery of the Delaware river August the entire poem should make it a next few years he succeeded in pay28th, 1609, by Henry Hudson, point to look it up and read it during $270,000.00 on the indebtedand the sailing of the Pilgrims ing this month—the anniversaryness, through the republication of

from Southampton, in the Speedmonth of the author's birth. It is old works, and the issuing of new,

well, August 21st, 1620. entertaining from start to finish, but early in 1831 he became ill,

when the reader finally discovers: and died in September, 1832, leavIt was during this month, also,

born.that the poet, Tennyson, was pieces all to it went "How at once—creditorsing a life ofinsurancean additionalin favor $110,-of the is to theHis song one All first, at once, and White Owl nothing 000.00.of his well known whimsies,—Just as bubbles do when they burst."

Felix Adler was born on the latch merry milkmaids"When 13th of the month, 1851, and the CIR SCOTT, WALTER rarely smells the hay, newAnd clickmownthe John B. Gough 22, on August celebrated novelist and poet, thatch * beneath the the cock hath sungAnd

Twice or thrice his roundelay, who contributed to the history of 1817. One of our former presiTwice or thrice his roundelay; the world an almost unbelievable dents, Benjamin Harrison, was

his five witsAlone and warming sits."example of honor and achievement, born on the 20th, 1833. belfryThe White Owl in the

was born August 13, 1771. His

works, even after so long a time, No one of this generation needs

QLIVER WENDELL ture. In 1825, an Edinburgh pubWar was commenced in August, HOLMES, another poet, as still hold a notable place in literato be reminded that the World

well as lecturer and physician, was lishing house engaged Scott to 1914. The tragedies which it

also born during August. His write a "Life of Bonaparte."While brought even into distant Ameri-

"Chambered Nautilus"is famous the work was in progress, the pubcan homes, the sacrifices it made practically all over the civilized lishers became bankrupt and Scott necessary, the universal interest world. His "Wonderful OneHoss found himself involved, through which has followed in its wake,

Shay,"written in an exactly oppoaccommodation bills in their beare not likely soon to be forgotten.

site vein, is overflowing with dehalf, to the amount of $600,000. Naturally the greatest suffering did lightful humor—He had very little cash beyond his not come to those who live in this

immediate needs, yet, at a meeting favored land; but to the Europeans

"Have you heard of the wonderful oneof the creditors, he assumed the who were in the very midst of the hoss shay, full obligation, assuring them of inferno it left scars which will be

That was built in such a logical way his intention to pay every farthing long in healing.

Grave of Historical Figure Obsc ure and Unknown By CLARA E. SEEMANN

inacter of as was Brown, Owen View of Brown JI Headstone Crave V? dicated his last words when by

"V-'a

'is better:'"It bed: death on * w\l

'suffer to a and hisbe—in place—heroic of * our S most 3! to wrong."He do wrong—thanMANYfigures history lie buried of of the constant companion was

in obscure places, their his father in all his raids and valiant deeds scarcely known and pitched battles during the hectic their names forgotten. Such an period of his struggle for liberty.

one is Owen Brown, the son of John Brown, of Harper's Ferry '"THE Atlantic Monthly, of the fame, who walked gallantly by his * early eighties, gave a graphic father's side in his fight for the account of the escape of seven of liberation of the slaves in this great the survivors of the Harper's Ferry country of ours. raid, one of whom was Owen

On a lonely windswept peak of Brown. It was a perilous journey

California's Sierra Madres is a solithey were forced to take, through tary grave, its marker a granite forests and swamps, to the shores boulder; its guards two tall cyof Lake Erie and safety. There

press trees, standing like sentinels was a price on their heads, dead or on their eminent heights. The alive. They suffered from exposhardy climber may read this inure and cold, but did not dare

scription: "Owen Brown, son of betray their flight by even so much

John Brown, the Liberator, Died as the smoke of a camp fire. TravJanuary 9, 1889, aged 64 years."Owen Brown grave, with the higher peaks eling at night through the sparseof Sierra Madres in background ly settled country, finding their

(ALIFORNIANS not conversant withof todaythe placeare grass a solitary pecan tree carfoodto be wherea longtheyand might,tedious itjourney.proved

of the Brown family in the early ries on, and several grape vines Raw corn, smuggled from an ochistory of the state, nor is it genstruggle for existence. Two rows casional field, acorns and sassafras

erally known by residents of Kanof tall cypress trees form a lane, leaves were their only food.

sas and Missouri that the boy who dark with shade, which is a welSoldiers and indignant citizens, struggled for the cause of freedom come retreat when the sun beats armed with guns, and trailing them within the borders of these states, hot against the mountain side. with bloodhounds, harrassed the

lies forgotten on a peak of CaliThe spirit of the crusader was ragged fugitives, ready to hang fornia's mountains. evidently uppermost in the charthem as traitors, if overtaken. A

On a lowyounger er elevation brother of than the Owen's, algrave, in the though unhigh mounarmed, had tains north been shot of Pasadena, down in are the rotone of the ting timbers settlements of the house during a built by skirmish, Owen and this Brown and tragedy, tohis brother. gether with

Among the the fate of brush and Remains of the old Brown cabin his father, 590 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

I sjpf-j.--si*.::.: Carrying the message, written having a cent for carfare, he walked

on cigarette paper hidden in his two miles to the home of his sister, long hair, John Brown arrived at where a week later he breathed his

Monterey, thinking his mission last, uttering the words already completed, but discovered to his quoted.

dismay, that Stockton had moved Through the efforts of Dr. H.

headquarters to San Francisco. Here A. Reid of Pasadena, intimate

is where he had his three hours friends of the Brown family were sleep, apd changing horses, which assembled to act as pall bearers at he had done at intervals on the the funeral, at which two thoutrip, without permission of the sand people were in attendance.

ranchers, he continued to the bay An interesting item of the last. 1 city,aid. where he procured the desired honorsof the Harper'spaid to Ferrythis lastraid, survivorwas the

identity of the pall bearers, most

N 1881 Owen Brown, the third of whom in one way or another

I son of John Brown, arrived actively assisted John Brown in his his brothjoin to in Pasadena idea of attaining freedom for great 13r; *,- w|

sister, Mrs. his er Jason, and the oppressed.

Thompson, who were already livsix miles or land five piece a of of remnants decayed with Vrani ing there. He and Jason purchased pROM the ranch home, littered CasiLas near Pasadena, of north grave on the house, and the the

tas, in the vicinity of what is now higher peak, there is a magnificent known as La Vina. Later they view of the lower country; a pansold this place and homesteaded orama of cities, hills, blue mists

land higher in the Sierra Madres. and fogs, ending with the sparkThey built a wagon road up ling waters of the Pacific. This

Pact of the tree near the old cabin Brown Canyon, now known as picture, though not quite the same,

Millard Canyon, and intended must have been the inspiration for impressed upon the lad the need of continuing it as a donkey trail to the building of a home on this caution. the top of Brown peak, upon almost inaccessible spot, when the

However, their plight became so which it was Owen's desire to be builders had so little with which desperate, that two of their numburied. However, this wish was to fashion it, except their brave

ber ventured into a small village never realized, although his brothhearts and their abiding faith in to obtain food for themselves and er's intention to complete the path God.

their starving comrades and were and ultimately transfer the grave captured and hanged. Owen, with to the higher peak was sincere.

the remaining four outcasts, The two men, in feeble health mm reached the.island home of his after a life of hardship, found

brother, on Lake Erie, after many themselves of more or less interest narrow escapes and thrilling adto later settlers, many of whom ventures. came out of curiosity, while others

came because of a deep sympathy 'THIRTEEN years earlier his with the fortunes of the family.

father, John Brown, was The brothers were ardently inon the California coast, risking terested in the temperance movehis life in an attempt to obtain ment in those years, and often aid for Captain Gillespie and his walked from their mountain home men, who were besieged in Los to Pasadena, which would have

Angeles by the Californians. John been a wearisome expedition to

Brown, or Lean John, as he was more youthful and healthier travcalled, volunteered to take a meselers, to attend the meetings held sage to Commodore Stockton at by temperance organizations.

Monterey, asking for immediate assistance. He rode horseback, TT was for such a purpose, on

making the trip of five hundred 1 December 30, 1881, that they miles in five days and nights, unwalked to Pasadena, the day believable as it may seem. So urOwen contracted his fatal illness.

gent was the need of help, that At that time he gave his last dolhe slept but three hours during lar to the collection, and when he the entire journey, which was not and his brother were made honoronly an arduous one, but also reary members of the W. C. T. U.,

plete with dangers. Hostility was it was with pride he wore the white

encountered at every ranch, and ribbon on his breast.

possible death might be expected on Feeling ill, after his long walk The old pecan tree, about 42 years a mission so important. and consequent exposure, yet not old, remaining on mountain

Over the Top By KATIE C. JENSEN

Says Ernest Crosby—A famous philosopher said and throbbing to the sweet music

"Where are the cowards who bow "Reach a heart and save a soul."of50,000culturaleyesactivities?alight withCan theyou joysee down to environment—The human heart is an undisof living, the joy of doing? Could

Who think they are made of covered country; men and women activity of mind and body but

what they eat. are forever perishing as they excome into its own there would be

I am not wax, I am energy. plore its wilds. The human heart no crime waves, little need for reIhave my ideas to work out and may be a tangled wood wherein formatories or penitentiaries, no

the universe is1 given me for no man knows his way, or it fear for the future generations.

raw material.'may be a garden wherein grow Mass participation has brought a

weeds of memory and blooms new spirit, a new joy into the with every generation life of hope. The human heart heart of M. I. A. It is as a mighty

grows broader and finer. As may seem a great city teeming creature of destiny, reaching outSOa problem it is as insoluble with myriad people, full of busiits long arms into the far corners

now as it was in the days of Job. ness and mighty doings, and someof the Church. And already its

As a task it (is infinitely more times we wander its crowded streets influence has been felt in the home, varied, interesting and full. unutterably alone; we do not community, and nation.

know what it is all about. 'The

religious feeling the Nowadays, the throne be heart of institutions educational human may the TN is is useful thewhich not most of council or the chamber of God, * a prominent today, make we that valkind through dark wades is to the Satan, heart but youth brilliant and clever for the place leys of doubt and violence, but the a fairyland of venture and advenones, but very little effort is made thatkind the daily sheds warm ture, a for people, of love cup the slow, shy develop a to reach and allsunshine faith cheer of over and things, liking for where one may is youth often girl or boy. Too days.the common life happiness."find beand beginning the in discouraged

To those who did not comprecause no one cares. But in M. I.

hend the "mass participation"idea 'T'HE most persistent elements of A. activities all are winners. While

of last year it seemed a Chinese interest in life are venture and it is true, friendly contest work is puzzle, complicated, indefinite, adventure. Life is a continuous the outgrowth of mass participaconfusing, and full of really hard voyage of discovery. It has in it tion, there is only gain in the

work. But human blessedness is the fun of a game, even at its effort made to achieve. The true

"not found in success, but in efworst, and if anyone should tell us "mutual improvement spirit"is fort; not in arriving, but in travelthe end of it all, he would be as over all.

ing; not in the wages and guerdons intolerable a nuisance as the ofLast year's plan found 25,000

of work, but in work itself."ficious person who has read the people singing, dancing, speaking,

Therefore heaven seems to me as book we are in the midst of, and telling stories, acting a part.

the place who insists on telling us how it all comes out. Plato said—"Musical training

power and failure"Where human forever, Are equalized - Mass participation calls for venisanya moreother,potentbecauseinstrumentrhythm thanand

And the great light that haloes ture and promises adventure. Can harmony find their way into the

all we visualize 25,000 hearts touched secret places of the soul, on which

Is the passionate bright enthey mightily fasten."

deavor."Mf ""www yagMBK Oh! the thrill that came from

hearing those wonderful groups of the courageous to But instances singers. in many And 'hearted is2-:*i3H mass participation worker I. A.M. singing the done was being by boys

was a challenge to leadership for and girls who had never tried to development, and achievement. It sing before. One of the very finest

was a means to an end. It was a girls'choruses in the Church came

plan by which the M. I. A. could p '"****':...*p from a little mining town, came as

objectives for last the at reach participation. result of mass A %*s 'USB a

it stood. always has which is the girl true told of story who

in southern Utah. lived a farm on has we -,'asked—"Are Someone

creatures or creators?"M. I. A. Her people were of moderate cirleaders are not creatures, they are cumstances and could not afford to

cocreators with the Divine Spirit send her away to school. They

of God. loved her too dearly to send her 9

592 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

away to work. Life ceased to be light because his heart was gay. selfconscious, possessed poise, a game to her—it was a monotoAnd let us watch for a moment were more cultured and could give

—thenous reality.same voices,Justthethesamesame"Homework thefeet whenboy whohe startedwas allin thehandsdancingand finespeakinglittle talksin M.as I.a resultA. Theof publicconSweet Home"picture on the wall. division, but soon he had forgotten dition of the world today is makShe was unhappy and her voice them completely and was the most ing it necessary that we should be

was unkind and harsh. October graceful dancer on the floor. In able to express ourselves intellicame with the M. I. A. in full another place a charming little gently. One young man who had

swing in the nearby village. Some Japanese girl, a member of our given a talk on the nonuse of friends urged her to go. She was Church, won the final contest tobacco said to his friends—"I

invited to join a ladies'chorus. She dance. How her little heart flutmay not have helped anyone else

found she could sing and enjoyed tered under her dainty gown when through my effort to speak, but I it. Nothing could keep her away the decision was given. have publicly pledged never to use

from Mutual. Life was different The grace, the poise, the tobacco myself."

and colorful now. She sang while power of physical expression, colAnd the story—Every person's

she worked. She practiced her ored with that veiled romance, life is a story, containing joy, adchorus number. Those homely brings the dance to its highest venture, experience. Let us picture

duties were no longer irksome. She standard in the opinion of all who a beautiful young girl of 1 7 years,

brought joy and light into that participate and an indefinable long- a nonmember of the Church, who humble home and enriched her ing is felt in the hearts of those participated in the storytelling diown young life. who look on. vision in one of our finest stakes.

the thrills athletic She told an And story so drama—suchDERHAPS our readers would rewere never before. that her audience known was How beautifully

mind us of the echo from some fine it would be if we had more spellbound. She never misses an

of our homes which questions our girls who would play they were opportunity of attending the M. I.

young people being so busy every "Pollyanna,"more women who A. meetings. Surely we cannot

evening during certain months of cultivated the philosophy of "Mrs. teach the Gospel in a finer way than

the year. While that rewe realize officers those indulged in the have encouraged who who Wiggs"—men hearsals, practices, chorus dancing a such passing as this? thing third of the spirit of "The In another

classes take time and energy, we floor back,"if "The servant in the place a shy little junior girl who must think seriously in terms of house,"and the character of "Larhad failed many times in school values. When people are busy ry"swayed the actions of our because of nervousness when the

they are worth while. Shall we young men. All the world plays final test came, first won in the

keep our people busy in the service a part. Why not choose a delightstory-telling contest in her ward,

of our Heavenly Father? One ful one? One of our stakes rethe next year in her stake, the third

evening a boy seventeen came to ported that one ward presenting year in her division. Was she a

my door. He was weary, ragged, three oneact plays had more peowinner? A young man visited a

and hungry and asked for work ple in the three casts than were sheep camp during the first ten that he might obtain food. After left in the ward to be the audience. days in June. He introduced the

giving him relief, I asked where he Another stake was able to place a storytelling activity as a pastime was from, where he was going, young, intelligent negro boy, during the long summer evenings.

and why he had left home. He member of the Church and M. I. Those men, though diamonds in

answered in a husky voice as the A. by using the play "High the rough, enjoyed telling and great tears welled in his eyes—"I Heart."He secured a car and listening to fine clean stories of

I left Kansas, fromam home bedressed in a chauffeur's adventure, religion,and uniform humor cause else I had nothing to do. while traveling from place to place and; the participants themselves

Even this wandering is better than in order to avoid embarrassment. enjoyed being the judges as to

just for living nothing."He meant In far another away ward that the told best story. who Much dying mentally,he was physically presenting was "Conversion,"it laughter friendly discussion and

and spiritually. Make the comparhad been necessary to use a nonsent them off to bed rejoicing at

ison. Latterday Saints really member of the Church in the such clean entertainment.

live, and I think no one has ever grandfather's part, and the day of lostreally a life through hard are of the only a few inthe final contest celebrated was in service thework of our Heavby HTHESE*- cidents illustrating results the baptizing him. the play He said

enly Father. Let us be happy that had been his incentive to study and values of mass participation.

we have our own recreational cencarefully the principles which had A whole volume could be written ters even though our activities take held little interest for him prefrom each stake. Now go with me

so much of our time. viously. In another place a whole to a little rural meeting house

Could we have paused by the family are now attending church where they were putting on some roadside where a young man was because their second boy was used plays. You would wonder whose

fixing a tire, we should have in the oneact play, "In the Makhome had been invaded to gather known,that while it was hot and ing."curtains, tables, rugs. Two staldusty that boy was humming a wart boys were used as props for

tune. Instead of being angry and ()NE mission president reported those curtains because we couldswearing about it, he'sang his that he noticed a great imreally see four full grown feet protroubles away. He was humming provement in missionaries who were truding from beneath them. The

the melody that was being used for sent into the field. He felt they stage setting was built on top and

the contest dance. His task was used better English, were not so [Continued on page 610]

.

The Workmanship of Your OwnljHands

By GLEN J. BEELEY

Blue Printing one to one and onefourth minutes in cessfully used and the finished article bright July sunlight. winter In has the soft appearance of pastel work.

a little it takes is months art longer. proan PRINTING

removal of the sensitive OnBLUEject paper possibilities, that has many Questions and Answers frame, the is from print in washed is easy to do, inexvery and a for water few minutes, until the lines pensive. Where one purchase may leather for appear white the and blue, background bags, rings, key etc.? Print Blue Some Projects—the color depending the time on of are a There number 1. very of places. Greeting good cards.

if exposure; correctly a exposed 1 good Graton and Knight Company, 2. WorAnnouncements. clearblue will result. the be cester, the Mass. Lay 3. labels. Book

2. print blue Lester between papers to Griswold, dry. 623 Terrace, Park tiles; 4. Imitation printed paper, on

is Colorado print Colorado. is there When washed and then varnished mounted decofor and 3. Hall, W. it is Street, contrast, Devonshire 250 no ASprings, under exposed; give rative work. Boston, Mass. longer If exposure. lines are connot 5. panels. Wall 4. I., Z. C. The Salt M. City, Lake it tinuous loss of means contact. The 7. laces, Leaves, stencils, weeds, a to has fine selection leather of for tooling material should be held tight place. in or as for lacing be designs. used work. for Write informathat blue print Remember paper tion list price and 9. to shades, either the or pleated Wholesale Lamp does not remain serviceable forever. Shoe Dept., Z. Salt C. plain. L, City. M. Lake

it older, becomes As the the color of Can you a make hooked rug chain or 10. mats Tray white from made sensitized film \seat changes from yellow using different kinds material? of lace doilies. be under mounted (To to greeenish Yes, yellow, fican green to use you and almost of kind any glass.)

materials; to nally blue. cut you fine must Moisture material your dampness and has After one a completed of few much wider than your deteriorates material, heavy faster light. paper than these suggestions, one out work may however. is that paper Old at greenish the ideas. hooked rugs to Do have be on made stage used, can be lines but the do

a frame? originalMaterials—not as out white fresh come they do on it is is print Blue easier No, to usually paper handthe with work burlap paper. loose in the hands, led selling pulling firms the yarn draughting by or supart, decorative For the crayon wax strips of cloth through large it a crowith plies rolls in and comes or be may tinting for is coloring sucand very chet hook. purchased the (cost yard by 15c from

to 25c per yard postpaid.)

In case one is not able to get it locally it may be purchased by sending to Salt Lake Blue Print 8 Supply Co., Judge Building, Salt Lake City, Flames

Utah. (Write for catalog.)

advisable It is not to purchase blue By RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR print paper in large quantities, unless one uses much of it in a short A Flame Controlled. The Flame of Love Controlled.

to a a flame controlled home, it Go time, as deteriorates It if damp. to a the home, flame love Go of

gives food, invites warmth, is cooks best and to it well keep and wrapped controlled radiates spirit, of warmth to cheery at firecomfort the in closet. a dry, open dark lifts service the to heighths common

place. ordinary sink of clean or pan An of joy, brings benediction through

water may be used for the washing of Go to a foundry, a flame controlled its lifeproducing power.

melts to the prints, after sluggish liquid the they have exscrapped been to the halls learning, of the Go flame steel the to battleship,posed bright of it sunlight several for and moulds of controlled love gives young manminutes. into Experiments automobiles small with discs. and plow hood and reserve strength womanhoodscraps will of determine a paper to factory, exact the a flame controlled Go force, and high dreams, hopes and to of timeamount corallow for a the moves thousand wheels, the and built companionship the foundaonrect exposure. prints The is must field forest be product of and converted tion of selfmastery selfrespect. and in severalwashed changes water of into wares minister which to man's to world of the Go man, flame ofuntil clear a are they blue. they necessities. Then love controlled safeguards the home, beshould placed several between thickthe forest, honor and justice. a flame Go to unconupholdsnessesMethod—of paper and left to dry. A Flame Uncontrolled. produces confidence and good will,

leaves smoking, blackened follow Do not the trail of the Lay the object or pattern to be trolled blueprinted, face down on the glass; stumps, where stood the monarchs of flame of love uncontrolled. Its lights

next place a piece of blue print paper the wood. are false and flickering. Along its downwith prepared side against the back of Go to the field of ripened grain, a ward path are shattered hopes, broken

object or design. Then fix the back flame uncontrolled consumes with homes, nameless children. It leads

of frame in place, locking same. The ruddy, greedy jlips eadh morsel of to the depths, to disease, death and

whole is now ready for exposure to man's lifegiving food. the downfall of nations.

sunlight. Go to the city, a flame uncontrolled Follow the trail of the flame of

A printing frame may be purchased leaves home, foundry, factory, with love controlled. Its lights are conat the supply house, or a piece of cardall their gifts, in heaps of ashes and stant and true. Along its upward

board may be used to hold the glass, debris. path are lofty dreams, happy homes,

pattern, and blue print in place. If. A flame uncontrolled causes destrucchildren with a noble birthright. It

the latter is used, hold firmly while extion to all it touches. It can wipe leads to the heighths of the Brotherposing to the light. out everything a controlled flame prohood of Man and the Fatherhood* of

The usual time of exposure is about duces. God.

Daughter o Martha A

IVY WILLIAMS STONE

Illustrated by Chapter One Paul S. Clowes

. IGHT was fallfriendship of a single purpose, ments she lived over the events and

past the experiences of lives, many so different, their once plains, and softly with theing Non the prairie away, faded as one end life, with years. The one the becoming of gray veiling shadowsslow

of the and the light of the campfire bemonotony of the endless flats. in view—the reaching

Campfires burned brightly, and promised westland, where none came the illumination of the dying with singing and soft laughter a should be hurt, and none should South African sun, setting upon a weary company of travelers came be afraid, and happiness be compeaceful little village. It was ten

to the end of a hard day's trek. plete. years ago. The cattle and oxen

Men and women, boys and young Quiet in the midst of pleasant were safe in the kralls, and the girls, children of playful years, too confusion, Margaret Kirkman sat mock orange hedges made an efyoung to realize the hardships of a little apart from the others, on fective barrier against the depredathe trip, joined in the song and a grassy mound, and wondered at tions of predatory animals. The

prayer which marked the close of the turns of fate which had Kafir house servants, good servants another day. Strangers from many brought her here. Memories if you kept them in their place and

lands were gathered here, their crowded in upon her with lightfed them well, went about their strangeness melting into the close ning swiftness, and in a few mousual routine with childish simThe next night, after the train had made camp, a band of Indians rode up.

They were dressed for the war path, and ftgain Margaret Kirkman felt a sickening weakness.

plicity. Fort Somerset on the hill, You had best go to the Fort and

fully garrisoned with trained Engbring soldiers."

lish soldiers, was an ever present "You borrow trouble, my reminder to the Kafirs and Hotwife,"answered John Kirkman, tentots of the futility of another "you are not well. They will

uprising. Peace had endured for never again dare to rise against the

eleven years. English. We are too powerful."

1 ICKY, the chore boy J.OHN KIRKMAN

for the Kirkman family had caught glanced about. He felt an im-

a monkey by baiting a gourd with pending, ominous fear which he lump sugar. The four Kirkman could not explain. Life had been

boys were gathered about the chatsecure and peaceful—too much so.

tering little animal, with other With a wild, piercing cry the children in the village, laughing at war broke forth from the shelter the frightened little fellow. But of the orange thickets, and the folMargaret Kirkman, wife of John lowing evening the setting sun was

Kirkman storekeeper and trader, reddened and dulled with the formed hands and thin, transpardid not join the general hilarity. smoke that rose from the plunderent skin.

"John,"she whispered to her ed village. And there, under the "Dear God,"breathed Margaret

husband, "I like not the feeling I African skies, illumined with Kirkman, "Save her from the have. I have seen several Kafirs, flames, with only God and neighmenace of the black race. Lead us

tattooed and naked, sneaking bor women to help, Margaret to another country where we may thicket.through the girl bore a They are Kirkman child, live in peace."child—apainted their have and curling, ox skin with a wealth of auburn Then missionaries had come

shields and those deadly assagais. hair, a little pug nose, delicately who had told of a wondrous coun596 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

try across the Atlantic, across the which they journeyed, and would derful chance for immigrant boys

United States, far on to a land she become famous? to secure land."

called Utah. Her childish reverie was rudely Almost before Margaret Kirk-

"But there are negroes even in interrupted by an exclamation of man had a chance to explain her the States,"parried John Kirkman, dismay from Margaret Kirkman. motive to her sons, and to adwho hesitated to leave his hard- A boldspeaking, selfassured milimonish them to silence, the officer

earned holdings. tary officer in blue, his glance returned, accompanied by a man

"But they are slaves,"answered covetous as he surveyed the four whom she easily recognized as a his wife. tall, stalwart, well built sons of Boer.

'This land of which I heard is Margaret Kirkman, approached. He began to talk to them in the

far beyond the slave country. "We need fine young men like native Afrikaandan, which she and

These people, themselves, are fled you in our army."His voice was her sons understood perfectly, but

from persecutions. They preach which they pretended not to know.

a wonderful religion. They worWhen he had finished a glowing

ship God as their conscience dicaccount of the benefits of the tates. They are far beyond Union Army, Margaret Kirkman

trouble."spoke again, in the language of the

Kafirs, which the faithful Mooloo had taught her in idle moments.

1 EN years later, sin- "Gina lo Mormons. Gina hamcere converts to this marvelous reba tapa lo Utah. Gina aikona

ligion, Margaret Kirkman and her juna ilwa."Imitating the gutsons and the youthful Gloria stood tural click of the Kafirs, she stared

on the beach, ready to start for at the interpreter with an assumed

America and the United States and stupidity.

the great inland country beyond, "Can't you speak English or where their religion Jbeckoned Dutch?"he demanded crossly.

them. Her husband, who was to "Gina aikona niass."(We do not

follow his wife and children as understand). She repeated.

soon as he could dispose of their "The poor slaves are whipped chain of isolated stores, gravely like cattle and sold in the marpresented Margaret with a new kets,"urged the enlisting officer.

wedding ring and fifteen yards of 'The plantation owners of the heavy, black silk. South have no mercy. Land will

'This,"he announced, "has be your reward."

traveled from England to Africa; "Gina aikona niaas."Repeated

now it goes on from Africa to Margaret Kirkman, glad of her

Utah; would that I could go in ability to speak this language.

its stead!"He picked up the wide- "I don't understand them,"the

eyed, wondering Gloria and kissed interpreter turned to the officer.

the flamboyant curls. mellowed, his manner flattering. 'They don't speak Boer or Eng-

"Little daughter,"his voice in "We can offer you splendid boys lish. A native jargon which I

spite of great control faltered a litreal pay, real food, and glory fightknow not. They are Mormons,

tle, "I send you with your mother ing for a real cause. There will be that much I can understand."

and brothers to a land of freedom, many benefits afterwards. Choice The officer in blue swore audipeace and plenty. Await my comlands will go to the soldiers. You bly. "D the Mormons!"he

ing."boys can help set the downtrod- cried harshly. If you could talk

den black men free."sense, we would take you anyAFTER sixty days, way t"

during which the daily pumping TREE black men!

of the boat never ceased, the HenMargaret Kirkman caught her GifLORIA stood silentrietta had finally covered the sixtybreath. Was it for this she had ly by, watching the custom officers

eight hundred miles, and docked traveled nearly seven thousand open their trunks. Dress goods

at New York. Here was a queer miles? Had she left husband and which later kept them from actual

board, called a gang plank, down holdings and prosperity, to send want, had been torn into short which the wondering Gloria walkher sons to free black men from pieces, to avoid duty. Two heavy

ed, with a brother in front and one whom she was fleeing? Quickly porcelain dinner plates, which later

behind. Before them was an odd, she glanced at her sons and mobecame valuable exhibits, were

round building, called Castle Gartioned them to silence. wrapped in a thin Paisley shawl.

dens. It was here, their guiding "Ons is Mormons. Ons is op There was the confusing changing

missionary had told them, that the weg na Utah. Ons wil nie veg of their English money into the

Swedish nightingale had sung. nie."She spoke evenly, in the American coinage. These people

They called her Jenny Lind. Her language of the African born Boer. all spoke of dollars. It took more

marvelous voice had charmed the "I do not know your Dutch, than four shillings to equal one of whole world. Would some adbut I will get an interpreter,"anthem, and almost five of those dolventurer find her, Gloria, and her swered the officer quickly. "He lars to equal a pound sterling.

curls, in that far away land to can make you understand. WonThese people spoke of eagles and

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 597 half eagles. Ten dimes, twenty with folding handles. Horses Two wagons were carefully

nickels, a hundred pennies, two drawing fancy, open carriages. But loaded with bounteous provisions,

halves and four quarters, all equalthere were no velvet riding habits and the treasures from far away led the same; a dollar. There was and plumed hats, such as Lady England, which had come from

paper money too. Margaret KirkSomerset had worn back in Africa. the grandfather who fought unman turned to her sons, relying Men with grave faces and long der Wellington. Four oxen to

their upon youth and adaptability in each sheet wagon, a cow, iron a beards—men uniform—men to solve this necessary adjustment. with a flapping sleeve stove. flour, fruits, dried or a peg White

"Mind, lady,"the custom offileg! Whenever Gloria saw a blue beans and peas. Slabs of bacer spoke gravely, "no matter what coat she sought refuge behind her con, which the rough hostlers

inducements are offered, do not mother's full skirts. called "sow belly."Margaret

change your money into coin that Kirkman fashioned a capacious does not bear the stamp of the wallpocket on the white canvas

U. red with S. A."TRAIN, cover, for storage, handy and put A

the first she had The clever little a immigrants had occasion to plush cushions, the rear, so the step on remember the warning. Scarcely ever seen, took them farther West, active Gloria could climb in quickly

had they left Castle Gardens when closer to their promised land. But when she tired of walking. Flow-

a suave, polite man approached after two days the train was halted ers everywhere. Meadows dotted

them, offering to change currency by more blue coated horsemen and with pink, fragrant blossoms.

of the Confederate States of Amerafter a brief parley the Mormon Sand lillies around the ant hills.

ica two for one. "I could see, immigrants were turned out with Inquisitive little prairie dogs, chatlady,"his voice was just a trifle too the terse comment: tering chipmunks that knew no

smooth, "that you are a stranger "To the cattle cars with you fear, but came in to your meals in a strange land. I like to help Mormons. They're too good for as if bidden. Shaggy, lumbering

deserving people like you."such as you. Huskies like you buffalo, that occasionally furnished

Margaret Kirkman shook her should fight!"fresh meat. The rivers plentiful

head, but the man persisted. Thus Margaret Kirkman, who with fish. The start of the jour-

"The Confederate States are fihad never seen a snowstorm, who ney was like a glorious vacation.

never had done a washing, whose nancially sound; they are bound Thomas and Stephen Kirkman,

built life had been around an to win in this great conflict. to inaccustomed Their handling sixteen

homes, their lands, are at stake. dulgent husband, and the slow, oxen through the swollen streams

But they wish their currency scateven tenure of colored servants, of Africa, were capable teamsters herself found estaband family tered broadcast. For one of your fording a river. when all the But lished in a none too clean cattle dollars, you can buy dollars two the men of party were not so

car, last the ithe lap on of journeyworth."skilled. Despite their warning, an to the Missouri. elderly drove rashly man into an

From St. Louis to Omaha by untried ford, and his oxen flounlLL Margaret Kirkboat. Ai More in uniform, men some dered lost and their footing. Theman knew the was the warning of gray. of them Glimpses of negroes, turned wagon on its in side, andofficer. a Here was

the confusion that overwar black men, followed, the andfrom she had whom rescuing of familyfled. She studied the

and household beexpression of this longings, failed hemoneychanger, but to count his family.his gaze never met From the half subhers directly. His

merged portion ofeyes were shifting, suspicious. the wagon came evi-

"Gina aikona nidence of a desperate aas,"she answered. struggle. Thomas

"Maybe that Kirkman plunged would have been a downward and good thing,"Stephgroped blindly en hoped for quick about. He felt, rawealth. ther than saw, a

"Never expect head, covered with long trailing hair. forsomething nothing, son,"my arrogant, as befitted some a freeit grasped {it He firmly, boundcounseled Margaret Kirkman. man, some humble cowering. and his around wrist the to and came States are"The were blacker They than the Kafirs established—surface, a pulling young woman trustcannot anything has which lacked and the stalwart bodies. her by watery locks!to the treacherous black do with should white fight and men Why

man."die for such as these?

The marvels of Broadway fas- I HE next night, after cinated the young Gloria. Polk the train had made camp, a band

bonnets, crinoline skirts, pantaIT was hard for Marof Indians rode up. They were

lettes, fringed shawls, gay parasols garet Kirkman to understand. [Continued on page 625]

L* AY had been waiting a long time to wipe out those two Fay Lawler insults, as he called them. There

was a time when he would have done his best to even scores on the spot with hard fists or even more severe methods, but that was TENDERFOOT before he had gone into the mission

By field. He had preached the mesHARRISON R. MERRILL seeksage directof theandNazarenesudden revenge,too longbutto

he was too young and impetuous

Illustrated by to allow Breezy Lyons, or anyone else, to laugh at his "get up"in

Paul S. Clowes the way Breezy had done, or to

call him a tenderfoot in any country. Somehow that word "tenderwalked out of the rodeo office feelfoot"to Fay had bad connotations.

ing relieved. At last he seemed It seemed to suggest inexperience

to scores even about Breezy with LAWLER poise. lack of andsigned his FAYat the of name a bottom Lyons, done had cowboy who into Lafayette gone Lawler had

listthe of professional broncho the thing worst could he have field the mission broken the fromriders, were scheduled to apwho Fay's hat held had hard Salt the along and country done—he Washpear at the Pawnee and Roundup ridicule to called up had and him horses the were Rafael where SanRodeo, and straightened up. a tenderfoot skypilot. horses, merely, cowand where

is first the contest?""When he their trade, or punchers knewasked.

should it be called a profession?

at 2.30,""Tomorrow the could one been always had He whosecretary responded glancing at

as as give knocks, take well hardFay's derby hat and grinning suffered his decidedly pride and hadbroadly. got "We've bear some out of Lyons, pure Breezy whencats of hawses, too, stranger."

recklessness broken had up cowboy I've "So heard,"reFay street his in meetings ane of Denverplied answering the grin his at costume and poking fun by a smile.with "I'll there, be a calling tenderfoot skyhim byplug hat all."and

pilot. because chafed had Fay

"You'll mission discipline had prevented have to get him from settling the matter in some other good old western fashion on the outfit for spot.

the ride, the secretary astated. Ui'PON his release

a paper Denver had drawn 'Wide—"Rules read few weeks later, a story in

little to the him town cow andhat chaps'. of Pawnee where an unLafayette usually well advertised

Lawler place. rodeoThe thingwas shortlythat hadto taketaken Fay to the rodeo city was a

story in which it was stated that one, Breezy Lyons, would be present in person, and that,Lyons was the champion buckaroo of the Wind River country and would probably take first place in the professional riding contest. Fay had

immediately decided that he would

Gathering his four legs compete with Breezy Lyons for under him, Red Beelzethat prize. It was his way of getbub, seeming to sense his ting revenge and of wiping out

advantage, shot skyward that sneering word, "Tenderfoot."

once more, this time with A telegram to his father in Cop- a twist that entirely unper Globe, Utah, had brought by seated his rider. return wire a message which Fay

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 599 hugged against his heart as he mounts that 9 rest of you fellows and I'm riding walked out of the rodeo office; it Fay met Breezy with you."

was so characteristic of his fatherface t o face. Breezy whistled.

It read: "Okay with me."

"Lafayette Lawler, At that point a hat was passed "Denver, Colorado. to Breezy.

"If you have an "What's in it, son?"he

honorable release. asked of the secretary of the

rodeo association who had passed it to him.

"Reach in and find out,"the secretary answered.

Breezy complied.

In his turn Fay -drew out a card.

Across it was scrawled the name of a horse—"Red

B e e 1 z e b u b."

Breezy looked over Fay's shoulder and saw the name of his mount.

He whistled incredulously.

"The worst one of the string!"he

said, his gray eyes narrowed to knife edges. "Bet

yu don't stick 'im eight jumps.

That there hawse is strychnine."pizen—plum

"Then you can't stick him eight jumps."

HE voice that answered came from behind Fay. To

him it had a familiar ring—it

from your mission, go over to spoke of red cliffs and perpendicuPawnee and show Breezy Lyons lar washes. He whirled to see

that it ain't the hat that rides the who

Breezy recognized him at once and father.horse.—Dad."it was. There stood his "What's talkin'?"Breezy Fay had known all along that grinned.

he would get some such answer "Well, if it ain't the hardhatted shoved his hand into his pocket.

from his dad, who had ridden the skypilot!"he exclaimed. "Is money talkin'?"

range for thirty years, and who, Fay nodded, but said nothing. "No, this kid's dad's talkin'."

in all that time, had never been He knew the cowboy was not Franklin Lawler stepped close and bluffed by a cowboy or thrown aware of his intention to ride. laid his hand affectionately on

by a horse. His father had lived "Come out to save some of us Fay's shoulder. "I'm just sayin'

the older law of an eye for an eye rollickin'sinners?"Breezy asked. that the horse that stacks this boy

this stack kin up up. you I know for a laugh. a laughor Fay was his "Yeah,"in Fay answered

I lad horses. course, and Offeeling know primitive, himself, rather best language, range win- "from acquainted I'm not you, but with as his Christian hethan made way first nin'money."to the hotel where he would await I'm of the opinion that the man

the beginning of the riding contests. "Yu don't say!"Breezy exdon't wear high heels that can

claimed. "Of course yuhre kiddin'beat him on a mustang."

preachers don't ride in rodeos.""Dad!"Fay cried, seizing his

I-LT was not until the "This one does,"Fay replied, father's hand before Lawler was cowboys came together to draw for grimly. "I'm drawing with the [Continued on page 602]

600 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

TRAINING FOR SCHOLAR Spiritualized Education Steady Growth Continues RT? TfT T A \][ '\r(X\ TTS

President Brigham Young set That the educational fathe the standard of education at cilities and fine student spirit Off* University bears Church which his name when he instructed Dr. of the U n i v e r s i t y have 1. Standard university work acci

Karl G. Maeser, the first principroved exceedingly popular agency in the United States.

see pal, that to the even teaching that the fact is witnessed by 2. Necessary preliminary college table the multiplication be of enthe years the past ten in Complete training the in some. guidance done under of the

students of college rollment spirit of the Lord. to 3. Opportunity for economy in ge increased steadily educational ideal of this has The

great school has ever been to more than three times its 4. An unusually wholesome envirc

former size. Today 5. Sympathetic aid in solving

about 1,500 college problems.

students are in regular Address all inquiries to: attendance annually.

The summer school Office of th just closed has set an alltime record for atBRIGHAM YOUr during tendance the PROVO quarter, with summer an enrollment of apThe Frien proximately 600.

The number taking advantage of the correspondence and extension class courses provided through the Extension Division during the past year has been the greatest in the history of the department.

PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG of Who Founded the University in 187 The number graduates with the transmit to the 22,000 students masters and bachelors degree passed through who have its in June, 1931, exceeded by a portals, will yet and those who the come, that dynamic spiritual moconsiderable margin tivation, which at once provides highest mark of previous aid and inspiration to the stuyears.

dent, and the encouragement to The endowment of the use his learning in the service of mankind. University is growing each

The University was founded year by several thousands of

October 16, 1875. Its affairs dollars. It is expected that

are administered by a board of in the next five years this twelve trustees, elected triennially fund will reach a very sigby the vote of the Latterday

Saints, acting through the First nificant total.

is the It of Presidency Church. is result MAESEF the THE This growth

< supported appropriaannual by

i the Administration Building, the housing Now a of consciousness growing

j tions the fees from Church, by Purchasing as as well Agent; classroom the

is that the offering Church students, paid by and through f: gift structure is the of The and Alumni

the income from endowments. the best there is in education. the first President of the Sc

lrW"The Improvement Era for August, 1931 601

SHIP AND CHARACTER Social Life Curriculum A Broad

Because the Churchrc UNIVERSITY Wholesome The "social"part of stuership from all of thedrawswalksitsof leadlife,:rs: the Church University offers a great

dent life at the "Y"is ordiversity of courses from which the redited by the highest accrediting student may choose. The departments

ganized around what are of instruction have been organized by the Board of Trustees into five Colas follows: work for any of the professions. known as Social Units. While leges The College

admittedly experimental in cludes the ofdepartmentsApplied Science.of agroIn-

nomy, animal husbandry, horticultting an education, nature, this unique effort to ture, home economics, mechanic nment in which to live, maintain on the modarts, drawing.

perplexing moral and religious ern University campus, a student life which is democratic e President, and free from snobbery, has met with ensfG UNIVERSITY, UTAH couraging success.

While the entiredly School scheme of organization is under the regulation of the faculty, according to rules laid down by the Board of Trustees, the fullest possible recognition is given to student initiPRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

President of the Board of Trustees, under whose ative, and student guidance the work of the University is carried government. forward.

The plan extends to evThe College of Arts and Sciences. Includes the departments of botany,

ery student the opportunity chemistry, English, geology and geography, history, mathematics, to affiliate himself or hermodern and classical languages, physical education, physics, political self with a congenial group science, psychology, sociology, zoology and entomology.

of fellow students, for the The College of Commerce. Includes

purpose of promoting banking,the departmentsaccountingof andfinancebusinessand administration, economics, political wholesome friendship and science.

The College of Education. Includes the

proper social functions. departments of elementary teaching,

philosophy of education, education 'In addition, the organadministration, psychology, and secondary teaching.

izations provide for wide The College of Fine Arts. Includes

J MEMORIAL the departments of art, speech, vocal and instrumental music. participation of students inaffices President, the Secretary, of Registrar and The School, Graduate Grants the deoffices of the College s and of Commerce. grees of Master numerous extracurricular of Arts and Master

riends and was erected to the memory of of Science.

hool, Dr. Karl G. Maeser. activities. You can get what you want at the "Y"

602 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

[Continued from page 599] tion. He was glad to have participants, Beelzebub was sadthrough speaking; "where did you Franklin Lawler there, somehow. dled. He was to be the first horse

rain from?"He knew he was pitted against out with Breezy Lyons topping

"Just from Denver, son,"a first class rider and he also knew him. Since Fay and Breezy had

Franklin Lawler replied. "Folthat they had an unusually vicious arranged to ride the same horse,

lowed your telegram to see that horse to ride. the judges had decided that it

you got a square deal, but mainly Red Beelzebub was a lean sorrel would be better to have Breezy to see you ride."weighing eleven hundred and fifty make his ride at the beginning of

"Talk's cheap,"Breezy cut in. pounds with a trail of victories bethe program and Fay at its conclu-

"Put up or keep still."hind him that covered seven counsion in order to give Beelzebub

"Say, son,"Lawler replied, ties in Wyoming and several in time to rest in between his battles believed that"you're a bit hasty, I'd say. Now Idaho,—not that anybody

I don't bet on riders, but I do It had been decided that Breezy Beelzebub needed any rest particubelieve in the boy and I'll tell you should make his ride the first thing larly.

what I'll do. We'll pick the worst in order that he might take his "Breezy Lyons on Red Beelzehorse in the remuda here and if regular turn in the contest riding bub!"the announcer was shouting

the kid don't stick him longer than later. through his megaphone as Fay

you do, I'll give you a nice new Had the contest occurred before approached the saddling chutes.

saddle and bridle and one hundred "Ladies and genteelmen, this is not dollars for spending money. Now a regular contest ride. It is a prihow does that sound?"vate war between one, Breezy

"Okay to me,"Breezy said, Lyons, and another, Fay Lawler, grinning. 'The kid has drawed to settle an old score. It is what

the worst hawse here. Suppose has been called a grudge contest.

we rides him?"If Breezy Lyons, last year's cham-

"All right,"Franklin Lawler peen, rides the hawse eight jumps, replied. "We'll see you at the if his competitor, the said Fay

rodeo."Lawler, when it comes his turn,

"S'long."Breezy turned away. can't stay that many jumps, then

"Dad,'Fay remonstrated as Breezy Lyons receives a new sadsoon as they were out of hearing dle and bridle worth a hundred of the cowboys;"you talked like bones and a hundred skeckles in

a tenderfoot; I'm soft and that addition in good, hard silver!"

fellow's the champion buckaroo of Bursts of applause greeted the this neck of the woods."announcement. Breezy Lyons was

if "Well, the grandstands. idol of it xtin't the hardhatted skythe these Colorado but "I know,

exclaimed. he the sonorous continued "Now,"ain't goin'to come it pilot!"cowboys

"let announcer, me voice the of over me."high mighty and He his mission Fay he began upon Beelzehawse. interduce the Red placed on handsstopped and both felt so nervous not have would is Powder a hyar, from hawse bub facing shoulders him.Fay's "I'm living, it. soft years of about Two eleven hundred weighs River. He lose son, or you,backin'win of associate a white constant the is sorrel pounds; fortyseven andalways."taken feared have collar might he a of the temper color, in has and doin'I'm "And my sense of best—win wireedge his and away been never bear. has soreheaded He voice his answered, lose,"or Fay balance.

life. bucked has his in rode He husky.somehow judges the group of neared he As it'd take off than cowboys more or each "Backin'their officials sat idly other—win on and who of ranch. a Most to run Texas lose!"can't Frankwe starting gun, for the horses waitinglose—then bills chalked hospital up had 'em replied,lin Fay knew and Lawler of a hear rumble low could Fay 'em. agin the his wasthat to moment Dad laughter.

somehow worth the new saddle "Hello,"called the secretary as "These two men, Breezy Lyons the are to ride Lawler, and Fay approached; "Ready to makeand the hundred dollars. he

rules accordin'to association hawse the ride?"

they the hand on rein—and to find an—one I need but "Yeah, thrilled LAWLER FAY with chute the from come must first. fellows of outfit you Any as over he climbedthat afternoon the in set well spurs their up

let yours?"use me fifteen befence minutes arenathe Lyons hawse's shoulders—Breezy on,"have in "Ride you what conprofessionalfore bucking the professional 'ill in the ride secretary answered. the "You'dtest begin. grandto was The Red bucking that in a great hard show make latercontest—provided the capacity; to packedstands were git 'im."don't Beelzebub it'd the give Beelzebub; hat on brilliant overhead; thesun was

decorations and costumes of the crowd a new thrill. What do you

participants all made the occasion say? Breezy lyons,

telling. "It's all right with me,"Fay from his perch on top of the chute

The fact that he knew his father answered. "It isn't the hat that where he had been watching the

was somewhere in the crowd that makes the ride, you know."saddling of his mount, grinned

was already beginning to cheer ocgood-naturedly down at Fay.

casionally as some Indian or cow- A-.T the conclusion of "Old man,"he said, "we're

boy rode by, added to Fay's emothe parade of officials, Indians and ready. I'm goin'a ride this hawse

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 603

and then I'm gonV stick around At a signal from Fay, the ambubuckaroo to the hospital forcing and watch yu eat dirt, when it lance roared in through the gate 'im out of the remainder of the comes yuhr turn."of the arena which eager hands contests. Breezy is comin'along

"Okay,"Fay responded. "You had opened and within a minute, fine, but he wont ride today, tobetter git a hand hold of his mane, Breezy Lyons, still unconscious, morrow, ner the next day.

cowboy."was on his way to the hospital. "Lawler must ride this hawse

Breezy sank carefully into his "Red Beelzebub won again,"accordin'to the association rules saddle, took up Iris riding rein, the announcer sang out. "That eight jumps. He must ride clean

tested his stirrups, and removed his was one of our best riders, but the and not cheat the hawse none.

hat, holding it high in his left, show must go on! Red Beelzebub "And now, the greatest event ofhand. will be rode agin this afternoon by the day—Fay Lawler, of Utah, on

"Open the gate,"he commandFay Lawler!"Red Beelzebub!"

ed. Events followed each other in Fay climbed the chute and waitHelpers turned back the gates. quick succession despite the accied. When the latigo was fastened

Breezy batted the rangy sorrel over dent. Fine ride followed fine ride, and the flank rope had been adthe ears with his hat. as Fay Lawler awaited his turn. justed, he reached down and tried

Red Beelzebub, like a flash of He had no idea of giving up the the saddle.

red lightning, leaped sidewise. contest though friendly cowboys "Don't want any rocking

Then turned toward the grandhad advised him to do so. He chair,"he said grinning. "I want

stand, he stuck his head down and would not (for the:- world have old Beelzebub to have to do all

began to buck. Fay looked on, postponed or abandoned his part the rocking."

eyes wide with admiration, as of the battle. That Breezy would

Breezy swung free and easy in the not be present to see his ride made H) E settled down into

"Fay himself, would know, and someHe grinned at the picture he knewsaddle."One—two—v three—not a bit of difference to him; he, his saddle and took up his rein.

counted out loud as the horse how, Fay felt that he was making he must present to the rodeo aupitched. the ride partly to prove to himself dience—a derbied skypilot on a

Beelzebub went up high in the that he was no tenderfoot. broncho!

air and arching his back came The gates were opened and for legs stiff his four and rigid.down, side- -L HE sun was nearly zebubthe secondflashedtime thatintodaytheRed arena.BeelBeelzebub shot "Four—"

wise and came down with knees down when the last steer was bullThough Fay was busy, to his ears and"Five—"hawks wobbling.With a Ivicious roar, doggedBehind andthe prisonthe lastbarscalf ofwastheroped.corcamesands.the Heroarknewof thethatexcitedout thouthere

Red Beelzebub shot high in the ral Red Beelzebub, nervous, wildsomewhere his father waited tense air, turned with only his rear feet eyed, vicious, waited. Fay Lawler, and eager, but unafraid.

on the ground, but like a flash of wearing his derby hat and his dark The feel of the wiry horse belightning, and made out as if he suit, stood calmly by watching his tween his knees thrilled Fay. His

were intending to come down uphelpers put his mount in the chutes. two years of missionary life for

on his side, righted himself and "Now, ladies and genteelmen,"the moment faded, and once more sunfished to the other side. Fay the announcer sang out hoarsely, he was the rangemad buckaroo.

saw daylight under Breezy's leg "here's the greatest event of the He had been trembling from the and knew /the cowboy was loosday—Fay Lawler, [Mormon skyexcitement, but suddenly he felt

ened. Breezy, however, still spurred pilot is coming out on Red Beelzecalm and confident.

freely. Fay saw the cowboy's lips bub. Young Lawler has been He set his spurs high in his

tighten as he rolled his dull spurs fightin'the Devil all through Colomount's shoulders, and emitted the is 'Yip, yip,"of the Ute Indian. over Beelzebub's flanks. rado for two years—now he

Fay could not restrain a cheer. goin'to ride 'im and fight 'im here 'One!"he shouted, as Red BeelBreezy's courage was magnificent, in this arena. Yu all know that zebub came down from his first

but Fay's experienced eyes told him Red Beelzebub, two hours ago, skyflight with all four feet within that the cowboy was in difficulty. sent Breezy Lyons, champeen a circle the size of a bushel basket.

He was out of time and balance. Red Beelzebub went up into the

air again. This time he rolled as

he lit, and Fay knew just how Gathering his four Breezy had lost out. Undaunted

legs under him, Red Beelzebub, he shouted again:

seeming to sense his advantage, "Two!"

shot skyward once more, this time Fay was determined to do as unseated that entirely a twist with Breezy free and had done—ride

rider. his the easy, Breezy shot through giving the horse every adair and came to the ground with a vantage that was coming to him.

sickening thud against a post. BeelIt would be of no use to win, if

zebub, now released, bucked away his ride were not fine.

to be unsaddled by the pickup men. Then followed hard, vicious

Fay was the first to reach his jumps in such quick succession competitor's side. Breezy lay where and with such fury that Fay felt

he fell, arms outspread. He was himself loosening and losing baldead to the world. [Continued on page 631]

Embers By ELSIE CHAMBERLAIN CARROLL

Illustrated by Paul S, Clowes

HEN Hank Davidson (I should haveW,said Dr. Henry J. Davidson) accepted our invitation to be guest of honor at

our Jubilee Homecoming, it is small wonder that there might be a fitting place it isn't every small town that can boast of a worldfamed son. The original plans were all

changed to center around Hank, Mayor Tyson even going to the expense and trouble of redecorating and furnishing his home that there might be a fitting place for the entertainment of such a guest. Naturally everyone began talking of Hank, and

wondering how Tess Kimbar would feel.

On Kirk's corner Nate Folland told over and over how he and Hank used to sit together in the little stone schoolhouse on the knoll and quarrel over who should sharpen Tess Dunkley's pencils.

Nate boasted that Hank studied from his books because he couldn't afford to buy (any for himself. Old man

Jarvis was inordinately proud that it had been his sheep Hank had herded for the money that first took him away to school.

THERE

were many stories, too, of his early genius. -There was

the electric toaster and breadraiser he had made for his Aunt Hester, and By the time Hank had saved enough money to go away to an electrical engineering the contraption school, they were engaged a

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 605 that would light a fire in the kitchfore Hank was expected home. his Ph. D. When he came back

en when the alarmclock in the Norton was so incensed over the he was made honorary member of bedroom got around to six in the affair that we should have liked to a half dozen of the biggest scienmorning. tarand-feather Tom and Tess and tific societies in the world. He

But in general, the gossip turned to give poor old Hank some kind has given papers at big conferences to the courtship of Hank and Tess of consolation prize. He was comand has written monographs and

twenty years ago and to the difpletely broken up over the affair, books that rank with the best in ference in fortune that had come and when he left for school we felt his line. Incidentally he has beto them. come wealthy, and his wife is

"Wouldn't Tess have loved the daughter pf one of his the wealth and fame that has major professors. They have

come to Hank?""And to one home in New Jersey near

think she had thrown herself the research laboratories with away, deliberately, on that which he is connected, and angood-fornothing Tom Kimother in the South.

day for our When the big wellnigh breakingbar—arcelebration Homecoming heart."Hank's

, everyFrom the time she did up rived (as I said before) her hair and began going to thing centered around Hank.the "big dances,"Tess had There were flags—and the

signbeen the most popular girl in town band—and a higNorton. It wasn't alone the "WELCOME"stretched

home boys who were captivatacross Main Street. All Norton,

ed by her flashing, black eyes except Tess Kimbar, were at and exuberance of spirit to the the station when Hank's train extent; that they quarreled pulled in and joined in the

over who should carry her cheer when he 'appeared. We

books and sharpen her pencils, saw in a minute that all his and later over who should take fame and money hadn't her to the Christmas cantatas changed him. He tried to

and IJunior Proms. Every new shake hands with everybody

man who came to town for a and seemed as tickled as a kid short or long stay likewise fell on Christmas morning at being under her charm. back. It was his aristocratic

It had soon become quite looking wife that made us retaken for granted, however, member how great Hank really that she was Hank's girl. was. She tried to be polite

Whenever Hank was in from and gracious, but it was easy tothe herd the rest of us kept our 'Be—good—fo your mother!"was all he said see that all,we were doing was

places, and the village gossips "small town stuff"to her and philosophied over the possible outne was not likely ever to come that she was tired and bored.

come of a match between staid, back.

ht efferpretty,studious and Hank, unable Well, was Norton what went whole day 1HEvescing Tess. of punishments in the to do way had better than we even it over Fate, whatever rewards, or and enjoy to seemed hoped, and Hank fortunes is varying out that hands

1 meetgeneral minute. every The the time had Hank Y in B to a to attended people, more of best part the perhaps ing wassaved to enough go money away us of than any thorough way program. Mayor the Tywholeto school, an electrical engineering to do. could have hoped speech the in best at his son was all engaged,they were and we

thought Tess would go East with of welcome, and his tribute to to swell heads, all our made Hank saying:him. the old "There's But a year Tom WiITHIN in the born been think we had a slip the twixtmany part his right leg and cup and Kimbar lost

the lip,"proved veritably true of one hand in an automobile acsame town with him. And Hank's

it wasn't at all what with Hank and Tess. cident and was never able to go on speech—well,

fine something expected, had we after years again. stage Six the before weeks Hank's Two that we maybe flowery and to elopement, back her Tess cameschool opened, he while putwas understand. Old Hank wouldn't grandfather's with her two home jhis last at ting Jarvis'in week talked and there and just stood up little girls a and babysheep herd Tess and with busy was boy—dear cried us about with joked and wifedeserted faded, careworn,her trousseau, witty handsome, rethings he the old and Norton black her all the gone joy from into blew Kimbar NortonTom that in showed a membered, way eyes. theatrical awith company. He spite was he of in us that what

to shot flirtation fame a for Hank, he carried As whirlwind on to the world he was still our Hank. his grad- a skyrocket, After follike in the dance which with Tess

lowed the first performance of his uation, scholarships and assistant After the meeting there was the company, and before the week was ships were showered upon him. banquet with toasts and music and

went to Europe and took out informal chatting, followed byup the two eloped—the night beHe

606 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

sports in the afternoon and a grand we had spent many exciting hours ting out, she set down her buckets.

display of fireworks in the eveon holidays and late afternoons. I tried to pretend that I was exning. Next we drove to the new dipamining the engine, but I was as

ping plant Mr. Jarvis had just curious as a woman and kept

all the while I was watching from one corner of my, E had planned a putansweringup. Andquestions. seemed eye. Wi Hank

trip for the next the day through that eager for I that news was Tess saw When Hank coming tocounty the show Hank new reminded of in poor Nolan her, "The recognized toward and him,beetslicer, sugar factory, and and a Without Country."Man first face her went a deathly white,the art gallery over in Granger, Finally he to to the wanted go a painful then red.

the scenicand loop up through old school the house Knoll. on are you, Tess?"Hank's "HowPheasant Canyon. said But he It is nothing all but ruin a voice now, didn't natural. sound Hehe would have to leave tenthe on the broken windows part of and his held out a hand. After motraintwenty the next so morning the fallen in. wall hesitancy ment's she hers put into

it to had givewe up.

it, but she did at not look him. "I like should to to go around eyes Her were the upon grounda places, few though,"said, he got out and BL.ANK the or shabby shoes beneath her

''if here Jim has time to take walked the around building. old me skirt. draggled

in the I morning."There a standing saw was him the under bent a pause, After again. spoke Hankkind of youthful wistfulness oak in where used to play we mar- "I couldn't go withouthis eyes. bles, to the "Out old and looking swimthe slope down seeing you, Tess. you backI—hope you of the know, to knoll the level the and spot that are that itwell—and—happy—and places like few used to that."be our baseball diamond.racetrack—aminghole,

"I'll call for at eight,"you I he came to back car, the When stifled sob broke her through tAtold and there him went thinking a sort was home of huskiness in his tightly closed lips, like a flash and a successwhat voice the been. day he and had his was nose. blowing she jerked her his hand from and next The Presently morning asked I drove quite when abruptly: fled the up weedgrown path. toup Tyson's, "Tess Hank Tess Dunkley, you wasAwaiting—he

on the Ifor me porch. she was back?"ever come reknow—does

lieved when Strange, I that his I saw wife hadn't thought of I"1 OR a moment Hank was not going. He said she was Tess all morning. stood still, looking after her. Then

so tired after yesterday's activities "Why she's here now. Lives he turned and came slowly back.

that he hadn't asked her to go. at her grandfather's old place."His head was bowed and he almost

"Let's drive out on the Glenn Then I told him briefly of her life; collided at the gate with Tess'

Falls road and take a look at the of Tom's accident; and his worthfourteen-yearold Dave of whom

old swimminghole,"was Hank's telling I had been him. his desertion. lessness and Dave was Of the

first drove, barefoot, suggestion. As we we children and a tattered particularly wore cap, of handsome,

visited. That is, Hank asked manly little Dave who did chores but he was whistling a merry little

questions and I answered them. for Mayor Tyson to try to help tune and his dark eyes—Tess'eyes his mother and sisters.—were looking out with joyous

expectancy the upon world. The All at once, his took Hank wanted to TIE know stopped, two each looking the watch his from said: pocket andabout the Bannock boys their and other squarely in face. the

still "There's a halfventure in before hour dryfarming over the on sir.""Excuse me, boy The train. Iother side to to want go the the of county. He my lifted his cap and would have old place."Dunkleyasked about Jeeves Fred I told and passed on through gate. the

of thehim churn new Fred had Impulsively Hank bent downinvented, of and the partnership and put his arm about the lad's he commenced T,HENhe had gone into with Nate Folshoulders. talking about himself, his work,land.

the and opportunities in his line your mother!"I kept wishing he would talk for young of men ambition. was"Be—good—toall he said. I hadabout himself the and big things been wanting to hear about thehe doing, was but he seemed hunthings he doing, was I but nowgry to hear all about the old town. couldn't attention pay LIE came and for got into wonderAt the swimminghole we got ing about his meeting with Tess. the car and we started back to the

out and made our in mayor's through a way silence that I was brokhad prepared little a him forthe willows. en like laughed Hank once. but I felt it that a her would changed appearance, as but wekid over the time be intruding Lem Bannock upon something enturned a corner the by rundownsneezed just as tirely he dove personal got and and sacred to say old home and caught sight of herhis a and mouth nose so full just of word then. look in The carrying pails two of water fromwater he couldn't get his eyes breath Hank's somehow reminded the I well, know received a Hank heand thought sure he soft, of going was me bright fire embers a of distinct shock.

to drown, and it made him so that has almost burned out, and mad when we laughed that he then is suddenly revived in a final wanted to fight us all. J\ I stopped the car, glow of warmth.

From the swimminghole we Tess turned and looked at us. He did not speak until we came

went out to the racetrack where When she saw that we were get- [Continued on page 630]

Open Windows <By BLANCHE STOCKDALE BURR

Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

ONALD CURRY and the twelve dollars he so lovstood beforeDthe lighted bookstore ingly fingered was all in the world window eyeing longingly the set that stood between himself andof volumes therein, at the same starvation—and in the second

time speculatively fingering the place, ten of it was tithing money.

crinkly ten dollar bill and the two He had saved the greenback as rough silver dollars that lay in his a tenth of the salary received from pocket. The ten dollars would his parttime work of ushering in

exactly buy the books which he as a theatre, expecting to pay it to a young medical student needed in the mission president at the end order to begin his second semester of the month. The new books he

at school. It seemed such a simple had planned to buy with his next

matter to rush into the store and month's salary, but a week ago he buy them, but several things dehad received notice that his serterred him. In the first place he vices were no longer needed at

was hungry and without shelter the theatre.

JrOR a week he had school unless he had the books.

school Stop do? he should searching Which all his spare time spent of idea the "What's doltwelve use the altogether and that to learn for only employment, your throwing away

year's work?"thousands like himself were out of lars toward seeking employment,

his tithwork and his chances were especialbuy the books—or pay

ly slim when the greater part of ing?

his time was taken up studying to become a young doctor. ANY of the fellows at

instructors either, It was out of the question to college—or the

appeal to his parents at this time worldly wise as they were, would for they had a large family, were tell him that the least practical not wellto-do and had already course would be to pay his tithes.

sent him the small monthly pitBut somehow a voice from the past betance they were able to afford. reawakened in his memory—a

He had given up his room that loved voice, that of the old bishop morning, not having had money of his childhood, talking in Sunto pay for it another week and day School.

with night approaching he was "If you pay your tithing the beginning to feel the need of shelLord will open you the windows ter. The two dollars would get of heaven and pour you out a

him food and lodgings for a day blessing that there shall not be or two perhaps; but he must get room enough to receive it,"the

work immediately in order to exist, calm, deep tones that he knew so and how could he when there was well seemed to say.

none to be had? If he left school Pressing his money tightly he

he might eventually get something turned his back resolutely on the to do, but even the -thought of books and walked to the mission leaving hurt him as the pulling headquarters. The president was

out of a deepseated growth, that not at home but Donald left his had gained foothold in every porprecious ten dollars there.

tion of his body, would hurt him.

It meant the uprooting of the later moments lifetime. It of his meant dream

the before A FEWagain years he he found himself from that twenty now would not be the successful surgeon bookstore window feeling rather of his ideals with great powers dizzy at the thought of his reckfor serving humanity but'—a nonlessness—with

himself and starvation, entity—a movie usher maybe, or between only two dollars

a waiter in a restaurant. wondering where he would sleep

KSm<# But he couldn't go on with that night and what he would do 608 The Improvement Era for August, 1931 next. But he did not feel dissaid, thinking to himself that were these?"Donald pointed to a set of

couraged now, for there was withhe in Jim's shoes it would take books like those he had seen in in his soul the wonderful thought more than the inheritance of a the bookstore window.

that in the midst of difficulty he Texas ranch to turn him away "Paid ten bucks for 'em, but had given his all to his Savior. from the alluring study he had you can have 'em for two."

He was filled with faith and happichosen. There was the clink of silver as

ness and peace and the courage to "I leave for the west tonight,"Donald handed over his last two go on. Never before had his Jim said. "Know anyone who dollars to Jim Jackson.

Heavenly Father seemed so near. would like this apartment?"

Raising worshipful eyes to the "I'd LIKE it well enough myblue-black skies he silently thanked self,"Donald said ruefully. After Jim left for

the for Almighty of that night that moment alone Donald was it badly, "Need in fact. How Texas

exquisite joy. little Truly in the he had althat apartment was does it cost?"much

ready been given blessings greater "Hasn't cost me a cent of monto be his for the year, trying to than any material ones could be. ey. I've earned it and my board overcome his feeling of walking

Above <the bookstore, which besides."on air by making a mental checkwas located on the ground floor of "How?"Don quickly asked. up of his retrieved fortunes. He

a student apartment house, a his necessary had winbooks and was the sort menial of most "By opened, dow it and from he assured shelter. food was now and tending furnaces of and toil—that blessings, with together That, the but with small showered—not superintending janitor the work with an avalanche of waste paper. sent his monthly parents sum by the of in apartment whole between grasped at He one of the fluttering tide would year. the over for him school hours. Promised boss my sheets it and found to It a bit be time to of was stoke the fur- I left that before I'd get some medical thesis with the naces of but below name he the paused by it student to take over. Will James Jackson, one his of fellow a open before window moment you?"students, attached. at Looking to going up them. down sky The I?""Will could Donald not the window he still saw Jackson's Jim blueblack, was for save the been more freckled face peering elated had he been rifts of light down on him. have stars. the made by left a fortune himself. the "What's idea fell Impulsively of throwing he his knees on

away your year's work?"Donald "Need any books?"Jim asked, before the open casement and

shouted up to him. turning to the bookcases he had poured out his soul in prayer.

"I'm through,"said the redmade. "I'll sell you anything you Truly the windows of heaven

haired youth at the window. want dirt cheap."had opened up and had showered

"Come on up and I'll tell you "How much will you take'for him with blessings.

about it."

D.>ONALD cleared the

apartment house steps three at a Are Heaven's Windows Open time and a later moment he was sitting in Jim's tiny room regardVEARS ago a young "Mormon"However, in his inexperience he ing its clean white curtains, its talabored as a missionary in one neglected to take one vital thing bles filled with human bones and of Germany's important cities. The into consideration. The poor

its homemade bookcases wellbranch was composed of eight Saints were without exception exstocked, wondering if he himself families. Of these six were desact tithepayers, while the other

would ever feel the security of such perately poor, for work was scarce two neglected this law. They paid

a room. and even when it could be found a little occasionally, but were so

Jim Jackson began an enthusitheir earning capacity was very absorbed in increasing their emiastic account of his good fortune. limited. The other two families gration fund that their tithing fell

in were better financial far much it conshort of be. should what uncle in died "My Texas and dition. skilled husbands The were later years this Ten same misleft a three me acre thousand ranch artisans, regularly at employed sionary visited his field former ofstocked several with thousand head comparatively salaries. labor. good six families poor The were all cattleof ready to ship to Kansas all All these emigrated families to a had strongCity. gone—having course, prices Of with so the desire Utah; families wellto-do to two to come the Utah and aren't theylow going to bring

still were struggling to save two regular enough had who incomes were theywhat should, but whatever to their tickets, saving buy seemingly but they what could for thatthey bring will clear velvet be DO their nearer goal purpose. no they than were others The could savefor me. all with acreage that And labored he when nothing. them. among were fortunate They theand young I'll coming on

if grandsons and of they from the happy one Two had food enough fixed forbe these poorest the of families still to emilife—providedstock the who pangs of hunger.confounded hard times get grated recently filled have splendidover with. Just listening In think, to the his hopes of Don—noever missions in the their land of forelittle living inmore abject flock to poverty "gather to from Zion,"fathers, at less cost a of not than tohand mouth. starvation the missionary No concluded the two per all month. $70 human To Iperiod while practice. a work up families it might make in time, their appearance grandparents offI'm medicine for good."but for the others he could see no could raised have a not in $70

"Congratulations,"Donald possible chance. lifetime.

Glancing, Througjh

Brief Summaries of Magazine Articles"

By ELSIE T. BRANDLEY

Setting Fires for Profit that employees are smoking in dangerous places. The next step is the busBy ERNEST HAMLIN ABBOT iness depression which follows such

careless methods; the next, starting the

(World's Work, for July, 1931) fire to collect the insurance.

Burning one's own factory or shop was a time when setting is a primitive form of arson, and oneTHEREfire to things was usually the attended with danger of destruction.

idea of an unbalanced mind, or The next stage is more crafty—hiring

done in a fit of fury or revenge, but one's employees to set the fire. The

is the third professional the spread type introduction of organof paying and entire nation. to Europeans appear be

financial usually ized to has given of proud adjustment man it incendiary—a delighted so the with that award

skill, it his willing a aspect. about has to arson boast Because and new

is safe consider they to that assume it. it possibilities field this profit, a arson professional of has In of become Street"true and "Main "Babbit"porbusiness. it is is a there the regular In States United organization—the life. trayals of American European

are fires easily solicitor finds clients business are conducted, for who who letters, of through the newspapers, men little as to so to the insurance; take quesarouse urged out more common that declared have has explained Lewis

fire; sets suspicion. tion this the "torch"the or In country and who to America Europe. Bernard Shaw

a dollars the contacts adjuster a thousand about minute with makes who said, Sinclair "Mr. has knocked Lewis

all inafter insurance year year. in to get go the smoke, company up off his pedestal subWashington and

possible. fire surance insurance agent destroys equal property Annually The stituted Babbit."

himself, to the party, interest while half often innocent an the $28,- paid on is Europe accustomed adverse to in instances the a part be of deposit in the savings some may 000,000,000 on criticism it. of likes America, and ring. arson the this cost to of country, banks and

lecturers Authors and have denounced last losses, is be business that of added kind of The must arson that in as pitilessly America being commer- a etc. profits, wages, which According buys properties popto in man widely cial, a and nation as of nobodies;

is localities, separated fire ulation, the States cost United and through mortdrifting into standardized mental gage is manipulations times seven that Britain Great of he and able to keep habits; as being nationally vain. Only his forty that times out the name transactions. of of His Holland—and one or like Europeans, two Andre

it, is property if different in preventable. not placesmuch, of most burns, and Maurois, have praiseanything found

gets the he insurance, indirectly, percentage The but fires arson of canin the land. worthy here found He

is nothing conclusive not it be is against provable known, that, but known he what termed great "a condition of him. their due to purpose, these fires are political is moral health,"and he and has yet law The not destructivemore caught with up others. than The practically in alone his favorable opinthe business fact arson, is of that they is for the exist law of proven the by ion. rest the criticherd, of The probnecessity slow, fire it general statistics. and sure. must be the During ably considering original, themselves

is unfair, Arson for four it years places the war to inc.) (1916 1919 to do not seem that adverse know hardship increased there of insurance rates an extensive was for demand criticism the and country comment on the careful upon as honestAmerican as and products, well the and burning dates years. back the days 265 From the others, theof careful and honest American and property at ebb. was low of the Puritans, through each succeedshare profits.In no -fire fell off, 1920, business when ing generation, ridihas America been

is Arsonloss a practise dehumanized jumped In with 1924, 30%. culed disparaged and contempoby coldblooded, large coldhearted, stocks inexcusof goods slow hand, on rary foreigners. written this in Books

able. Americatransportation cannot stand the falling waste prices, there and are vein for quoted years as aumany

it entails, it. yet and tolerates risewas America another fire rapid in losses. thoritative additional reviling and

the is Only people themselves a definite There can relationship prebe- and are derogations welcomed with fires, vent these and they decidetween losses that failwhen business and effusion. In 1819, Fear- B. Henry

fires willures, permitted, not the be there then business American of man son's "Sketches of to dared America"wjll fires. be an to end ethicallow standard often choosing i praise in ways, some the and man who

fire or as his It bankruptcy out. way it wrote described as was a renegade

is a serious most moral and hazard Englishman, evidently limand of one Europeans Defame Whothe is, actual destruction of property ited faculties. the Dickens time By Americaperhaps, so great a not the as damage visited America, every his one of

itdiscredit places business, and upon scathing precomments had been made By GUSTAVE MYERSthe it suspicion casts innocent upon viously. Civil a During War

people. (Current History for June, slight 1931) change was conthenoted—the really in Arson a begins business tumely directed being the toward

office awarding the careless of executives where prize.. Nobel t HE sit and rT alone, while North the South seemed

do nothing about the accumulating * for literature to Sinclair Lewis to call forth foreign sympathy and rubbish in their plant, and the fact has called forth many questions as to understanding.

the fairness of regarding a backward Among the interesting observations *By permission of publishers. group of a country as typical of the made in the last century is that of Sir

610 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

Sepal Henry Griffin's to the effect that businesses have more to offer, too much anyone can turn his hand to politics democracy had placed power in the time cannot be wasted upon the busiwhen he can do nothing else. It does

hands of the lowest and basest of peoness of government and its controls, not occur to him that it is a profesple, and that wealth, not caste, held for few choose to go into the business sion which requires training. He looks

mastery. George Augustus Sala, in of politics. Rewards are too slow, upon the political adventure with aloof

1882, made amazing revelations in his chances of success too small and expecynicism, knowing that leadership is "Railway Kings,""Silver Kings,"riences too heartbreaking. Also, a necessary, yet feeling no obligation to

"Corn Kings,""Pork Packing Kings,"politician must confine himself pretty fit himself to lead. Government is for

and others. In 1884 Matthew Arnold largely to one geographical location, him a thing outside his real life, and

wrote that the danger of American or his political career will come to a one about which he has a right to be democracy was in the absence of a speedy end. There is, too, the strongcriticial. Admitting the need of

"discipline of respect,"in hardness lyrooted idea that selfrespecting men change, he objects to paying the price and materialism, exaggeration and do not go into politics. To the mind of change.

boastfulness, in a false smartness, a of the American young man, a poliAmerican young men have a sense false audacity, a want of soul and deltician is a man who can be bought for of helplessness in the face of the whole icacy. Henry James, really an Amer- a price. There is no tradition of arisproblem. And before politics can be

ican himself, became a voluntary extrocratic intervention in politics, in made really fine there must be, among patriot and after twentyfive years of which families are represented in govthe youth of the nation, the will to absence, told in his book "The Amerernment for several generations. The make it fine, coupled with the faith

ican Scene"of the "huge rattle of American dynasties are in finance, not that it can be done. No people can

gold,"and how, in America, money government, and it is as natural for live without faith in their institutions, was the shortcut to the highest aspirasons in America to go into Wall Street and that faith should be active. Distions, and manners were but the exas for them, in England, to go into raeli said, "The youth of a nation are

pression of a money income. the House of Commons. the trustees of prosperity,"but they

These are but a few of many in the In Europe, students discuss politics must learn to exercise the things vital long procession, but the effect of their as though they were actors on a stage; to their trusteeship.

persistency and volume can be detected in America as though they were the When a young man can be made in the writings of some American audience at a play. There is a sense to understand that the statesmen who

authors. of remoteness, with no philosophy of shape the contours of national public

action, and while they are concerned life build the conditions upon which and progress of science depend the they the idealism of their country,Why Don't Your Young Men with will begin scholarship, to bend he care little about discovering their own Care? responsibility in maintaining it. The energies to the service of statesmanhis

will have no then America ship—and

the future. for need to fear By HAROLD J. LASKI traditionlingers, in ofwhicha frontiera boy believescivilizationthat

(Harper's for July, 1931) T N European universities politics is, -* to judge by the interest manifested by students, the major nonacademic Over The Top activity. They seem to feel that a [Continued from page 592]

civic university obligation a has will hold; chairs but the and benches, but we cannot tell how political to proven by the among manaffairs—as responsibilities can matter? that The play a man many what did interest in the governgreat volcanic

mental affairs of Russia and Spain. went on. There were some slips carry without stumbling, nor how

The contrast in this respect in and then snickers, and the curtains much grief a woman's heart can

America is startling, students seemwaved a bit, but just the same on suffer without breaking."The

ingly being nonpolitical creatures, went the characters and they did one thing nobody knows is what feeling little forcaring affairs, and no their best. They were in earnest he can do until he tries. Defeat responsibility concerning them. Amer- a part—they only rouses in us a dogged strength ican politics are to the average student—they were playing

like a distant planet, and politicians, had an audience. When it was all to try again. If we will try, we

apparently, some inferior species of over, they felt they had particiwill win.

race. student average the for this great overcomus be grateful pated human and The Let achieved—the

are corruption graft that and assumes It is obstacles participation. the spirit of had flavored ing of mass

inevitable, and therefore a political experience. touching hearts, saving souls and

is decent a man. career for undesirable believe contacts even can you making delightful we actually And citizenpart sense in of his ownAny where in within matches our Church and matrimonial a ward all. if it at exists vague, ship is And have

yet there is no absence of knowledge every eligible person, young and our own Church. Visualize an

among students, for they discuss polold, in the ward, participated in army of people recruited from the itics and statesmen with amazing in- M. I. A. activities? I can almost actual participants of last year,

sight and information. In spite of feel sorry for the children and inthat would fill our great Taberthis condition, they seem to consider capacitated who remain at home. nacle three times full and over,

perit to themselves concern hopeless the road of culture along marching is politics a subschools, In sonally.

their achievement, to the land of the TT is true that we are full of in studied, extensively ject but * hidden forces. In a crisis we hearts throbbing, eyes shining, abstract, and not as one in which students might be taking a vitally active discover powers in ourselves, powtheir souls thrilling with joy at

part. ers that have lain dormant, secret belonging to an organization that

What are the reasons for this indifreserves of ability, only waiting fosters mass participation and ference? occasion to leap forth. friendly contests. Come, let us set

is, politics have course, that of One participants strain at 50,000 a the just mark can tell what "We in here the Amerimportance same not and for the year. "Check just coming bear, will of iron what bar in shaping as ica they in Europe have

national life. Another is that politics weight a locomotive will pull and double check"for it can be done.

seem to be a business, and since other just how much liquid a glass vessel Let us go over the top.

i IHI r LT By ADAH R. NAYLOR

the hot juice; water of cold and add to

then cool,Frozen Desserts and stir2 teEspoons of gelatin in 1 tablespoon dissolved. Let until

Cooling Drinks tainer,freeze. scrapeWhendownfrozensides,removestir untillid smooth,of conthen add the beaten white of 1 egg with

with sugar beaten of powdered 1 teaspoon small a when HARUM, it to stand it. and allow repack Cover, baked being of dreamedDAVIDboy,

ripen. to 2 hours eatthen pie in a custard and

so family was out. Hising his way Fruit Juice Whip was course he of thatvery, very poor

hungry much of the time, but most 2 cups fruit juice children dream of eating all they want 1 cup sugar of certain foods. There are so many 2 teaspoons gelatin

whites egg 2 that"can't have and "don'ts""you 1 cream whipped cup childthis"in eat mustn't "you 1 water cold tablespoon unnecesquite of themandhood—some together. sugar fruit juice and Cook inchild's is the for natural Itsary.

1 water, cold tablespoon gelatin in Sdak his stomach, in centeredterest to be until stirring juice, the hot to add and a of favorite dreams the of oneand then is dissolved, gelatin thoroughly the mystical lands where the mountains are put aside to cool. Beat the whites of

made of ice cream. the eggs and fold into the cool mixture,

relished dessert is a dish Frozen by thenwell, addandthestandcup inof icewhippedbox untilcream,chilled.blend

alike, if homeandold and young reason there why is nomade, it Macaroon Ice Cream Frozen Marshmallow Dessert the daily duringshouldn't be served marshmallows 1 pound as not so slowly, Eaten weather.hot eggs 4

peca,n nuts of pound J/2 taken and unduly, chill the stomachto sugar cup % cherries candied cup is reit both light foods y2 salt otherwith pinch Small 1 cream pint whipping 1 digestion. rich Then, easy quart of milkfreshing and flavoring sugar tablespoons 2

1 crushed macaroons cup to can be goodies"too, made "frozen scissors into with marshmallows, 1 Cut vanilla teaspoon fruits, foods eggs milk,conceal and water. hot Let bits with cover and the until small Heat macaroons in the oven dislike eat to sometimes childrenthat flavorsugar, minutes. for stand 30 Add are a bright they and crush brown—cool in the way. usual servedwhen cherries nuts, candied ing, and chopped bits. into small

Mechanical refrigeration has made Put the milk in double boiler and heat. cut into small pieces. When this mixture

the preparation of frozen food an Beat the yolks of the egs, add sugar and has cooled stir in the whipped cream, put pack with salt and ice or and in mould cold stir of in 1 tablespoon again; heat packed cans or mouldseasy task—but ice box. in tray place mechanical of stiffly whites. the beaten wtater and add give work, morein salt and ice, while

into milk, the and this hot mixture Pour fashioned results. oldexcellent The

knife stirring until a constantly cook, Mousse still as is in freezerice demand, cream it slightly coated will into blade be dipped and in toice order smooth be cream aside then running. to cool, Put without is a French meanword X/TOUSSE the After turned.velvety be must it is freeze. stir in partly frozen When is -L * cream, applied to ing moss and the accomplished freezing been has richIf the crushed macaroons. of cup it look. so give frozen as to a mossy the transferred from is ness desired cancream be a cream of cup whipped

in the mechanical the traysfreezer to may be stirred in with the macaroons. Pineapple Mousse in good it will remainice box, where

condition for some time. Orange Ice Cream 1 pint whipping cream

Stir one pint of orange juice slowly 1 cup sliced pineapple nuts pecan cup % pint of into one cream. medium Methods of Making Add 4 meats walnut cup freeze. to sweeten enough sugar and Ice Cream 2 or 3 drops vanilla

VARIETY in ice cream is produced Water Ices and Sherbets Beat1/3 cupthe sugarcream stiff, add sugar, pineflavors the varying mainly by are of making TWATER Ices and Sherbets are not applein smallcutpieces.in smallPutcubes,in mouldand nutsor canbrokenand methods twobut there

as ice as nourishing as creams "ice for several hours or in salt and eggs, pack sugar and is cookingit-—one are they water, composed mainly of ice box. in tray of mechanical place custard, cooling together into amilk

juices, fruit are and they but is sugar other methodand freezing—the cooling refreshing in weather. and hot Fig and Banana Mousse cream, mixing simple, merelymore

freeztogether andsugar and flavoring baquantities of figs Slice and equal of Method Making is the latter white texture ofing. The sugar. sprinkle powdered with nanas, and

richness the lacks and itand snowy, the fruit 1 pint juices cream minutes. stand Any of 30 may be used Let Whip

and body of the custard cream. When (currant, cherry, pineapple, orange, grape stiff and fold in the sweetened fruit.

fruits are added they should be mashor any of the berries) but with the milder Pl'ace in mould or cans and pack in ice ed or chopped fine, sweetened and stirflavors a little lemon juice helps the taste. and salt several hours, or place in tray of

red into the ice cream when it is partly Add 1 cup of sugar to 2 cups of juice mechanical ice box.

frozen. and cook until sugar is dissolved. Soak [Continued on page 628]

Mountains and Men In Memoriam The Pony Express

By Grace McKinstry By G. Adelle Skov By Carter E. Grant

Mountains and mountains in of a corner heart my the hoofbeats rang o'er the A ND but the sons of Secluded where eye no mothers do.—Ancientnever meet, *T.TEREJbut mine JlX. steep mountain saying. Spanish see, shall

call; wolf's the wail of the gray To noise and clamour From

galloped canyons the Express""Pony of the mart, As is a distant Norway land Lies buried laughing Memory.OH, deep, lies China afar; see, And shall none And

trails wall. 'neath towering Down Old India, vast Africa shall none And know

strange Where deserts are; hot of hurt The me

the night he sped, like ta phanNorway's And never tears mountains that flow. Through come And

dread, tom rise, where our Rockies To prairie rolling space; Over hilltops Chinese And do not rose the here I love, plant for know And like baying Sioux'the warsounds hilly lies. Where Scotland little plot, And Violets the pansies and on hounds

the thicket from And fringe, the dove Trailed nigh in the deadly race. But you have talked with Norway's sons to the forgetme-not. peace Coos

Scotchmen speak And to you, see, shall none And station!"spied. a light he "The Then "Mountains and mountains never meet shall none know And cried, he the But sons of mothers do;"tenderly How "Speed gray! wounded on my lived One in And Palestine who grow. them I watch a bullets limping You're the lot from we taught Has far apart men

got, meet with kindliness To buried, deep and faith. Deep, is Memory holding the Redmen at bay."understanding With heart.

I shall only come at dusk—deep, While And

Now a,nd then as the long years creep, With bags soon changed to a steed wellWhen air is filled with rose and musk. ranged,

And none shall see, They sped to the clatter of feet.

a4ugust And none shall know, Past badlands dark where coyotes bark.

As in the mart More station pals to meet.

By Fae Decker Dix I smiling go.

night day, Thus and never knowing a eyes visualize and CLOSE my stay,7 Bright o'er hill, August the the riders swept hard, On footsteps light Her glide through breaks mountain lakes, frozen and the The Congo Passed night, country's to mail Our guard.

is still. Her touch and warm

Her voice is murm'ring answer By Georkee Lewis final call, summer's To skies Her are filled with promise (Written on the Lualaba, Kataaga, BelOf the splendor of the fall gian Congo, Africa, February 19, 1931.) Silver

By Margaret F. Smith I open realize eyes and the stream, my of surface

Bright at August gleam, starbright my door, THESilvered by smiling face With and Brook, sinuous golden grace Stretched course abeam LITTLE

She as before, cheers me bark. of the morning sun The sparkling Our slender

She bids me ne'er stop dreaming Palm plumes on spindling spars Upon your light and merry laughter

Tho'another summer goes, Brushed the high skies and stars Is like the tinkling of diamonds j

For memories will linger As day's first ashen bars In a bowl of hand cut crystal.

Of the bird's song, and the rose. Pushed back the dark.

I lie upon your bank We drifted on and on, And your merry magic music,

Until the misted dawn Turns my tho'ts to fine spun silver

Carries us far beyond finds me away Silhouettes Now shimmering wings of beauty. vlei. On The

By Irvin L. Warnock The pompom papyrus

And tall palms pass by us -a2VIn of ghostliness shades are messengers,THOUGHTS the Along which a By communes man way. The Swing, soul. his Within

Into the heightening glow Deeds are open doors, Of rising sun, with slow By Alice Taylor go, silent stroke we And the passing Through which world for the swing T TO, in the fair, orchard that we, Afraid the view thoughts within. May *-* so care, free happy and am from bend, each sweeping Beyond

I it is there waiting for out knowI me to end find Fate some Must are springs, bubbling Words the tree; apple old Under this blend wakefulness With clear. crystal or Opaque

According to the source. Of dreamreality.

Singing, swinging, to and fro Smiles are pebbles dropped A phantom form sweeps by Up so high, up we go

Upon the surface of life's quiet calm, With plaintive, poignant cry, Swinging, singing, to and fro,

Whose widening waves touch fevery shore. And sound of sea and sky Under the old apple tree.

In stroking wings.

Friends are silver mirrors, Thus have the ages.flown Ho for the swing and away we go,

In whose thoughts and deeds and smiles Past this fair paradise unknown Under the tree with its branches low, ajid words, To man, and for God's own Singing, swinging to and fro,

We find the image of our life's ideals. Wild, wondrous things. Under the old apple tree.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

Turn About is Fair Play songs have a place in our services. Cerchoir must be kept interested by having

tainly, the first consideration given to the opportunity of learning and singing the meeting choristers of A activity choir T and any should be along that is such music serious worthy study and * organists* at the April conference lines as will effectiveproduce greater rehearsal. in Only can this waycomplaint was made by a number of ness and a stronger disposition to worleader hope to hold his talented singers,a

choristers of a practice feel they which ship in the hearts the of congregation. if especially there outlet is an through

is growing, to the much detriment It of will be interesting to consider any other organization in the commuthe effectiveness of our the worship. This other function the of choir as sugnity for that enthusiasm which

was that the work of the choir in gested above, namely, a process of edulife of talented, progressive students.is the

many wards is being interfered with cation and a time of musical and intelMusic that can be read at sight and by other organizations calling meetlectual progress and enjoyment. There which offers no real necessity for pracings and rehearsals of special organizaare two sources to which we may turn tice will interest only mediocre talent.

tion activities the on night given the to to find the reason service in for most This selection is not to say that of muchoir forward rehearsal. inIn individuals. many sic common, The more difficult unreasonably is to be

stances, especially in the spring and ideal, the is though not inthe more recommended. the Let director use

fall the is choir ward disrupted search by dividual's after progress personal commonsense, effect observe and the these calls. and pleasure. There can be no sensible of the music he rehearses, both upon

The Church Music Committee feels reason why the individual should not himself and upon his singers.

that it should remind the executives of desire to perfect himself in proper the auxiliaries as well as others who and uplifting endeavor. In fact it is Offerings

be concerned thatmay definite a laudable that when most deshould he so following questions HP are HE submitnight time or sire has the been given exert to efforts, his -*- and But when ted to the musicians the ofchoir for rehearsal is is the this entitled choir at felthe done his expense of Church, particularly those have whoto the support the entire of lows, either in overriding their rights ward by charge of the in music the Sacramentbeing permitted to enjoy this period privileges reand or neglecting his by services of our worship:

duplicatewithout sponsibilities meetings to take which in as such them manner the it is Has music, as practiced, now itsaway members. to Surely the their it hinder when ceases advancement, a place of in prominence service? our calls abishop chorister a assigns to virtue. and be less him The common Is it integral an part of service? thea definite practice time, insist he can source to which find to turn we may the Has ever justified Lord attachingthat in activity the nothing the the of inspiration that keeps persons most such it? importance to be as arranged soward conflict to is at a in with cause feeling a duty. of work it a is Has place that as as importantthis activity. This earnare Committee There people no can show who prayer?

estly urges that a larger nothing be arranged individuals giving of number Have assurance any we that Godthat will the take excellent of service such members sense ward out of a will it recognize accept and devotionchoirs the rehearsal away of during from the duty than Latterday Saints. In is that attempted it? throughthe given time fact the bishop them by always have to we been urged do have it Some looked as upon anfor their practice. is it that because much do our we duty offering equal with offering any other

it, to the do and response been has of devotion; this agree do you with in TwoFold so Purpose that outsiders wonderful that marvel conception?

people our so do much. Selecting so, If Music are is sure offering you your

is Is the. led to question, One now the of nature that will acceptable be

is choir is ward there labor that twofold a work merely of done out T N to God?J- activity sense as of which as be in kept duty well must performed Will continue you reading now First, ismind. as the choir, that of a part enthusiastic which with done while some scripture is put before you?the desire definite organization a ward has because a and of genuine enjoyplace in the service; second, the perment of the work itself? There is no IF SO—

sonal membership, made up as it is of intention here of minimizing the beau- "Ye offer polluted bread upon mine varied individualities, must be considty and worthiness of performance inaltar; and ye say, Wherein have we

ered for; and these planned of in large and both a sense measure by of polluted thee? In that ye say, The

if be understood is tomust music is funcentitled thus works who table the of Lord is contemptible. spired"duty—one And

tion in beof worship, to credit the program and of ahead one if is way offer who ye the blind for sacrifice, cause, after all, the achievement of does nothing at all. But all know that not evil? and if ye offer the lame isandit

the choir will be to in proportion the great things in history have not sick, offer it is it not evil? now unto

the excellence of spirit. been and their in this its members performed Rather thy governor; will he pleased be with

attitude toward the work. a combination of conversion, duty, and thee, or accept thy person? * * *

Therefore in choosing music keep personal elation is what has carried And ye brought that which was this twofold activity in mind, and the world forward. Conversion means torn, and the lame, and the sick; thus

make the choice in such a way as will understanding, intelligent acceptance, ye have brought an offering: should I

develop the choir as a useful instruand when this is the basis upon which accept this of your hand? saith the

ment in the machinery of the ward and one begins one's consecration to duty, Lord. But cursed be the deceiver,

as a process in the education of the using ways and means in achievement which hath in his flock a male, and members. The position of the choir that thrill and develop the individual, voweth, and sacrificeth unto the Lord

in the plan of worship has been treated as well as carry forward the movement a corrupt thing, for I am the great in detail considerable of purpose the in "Choror saith consecration, the result King, of hosts, the Lord and my isters'is sure uplifting. issued to be Manual"by the Church dreadful name is the heathen."among

atCommittee, the reader'sMusic and Being activity, in twofold 1. music chapter—Malachi,tention directed is herewith to Chapfor the choir be should chosen with that Are we certain our musical ofter I of that book. It is assumed that this thought in mind. The choir must fering in choice, content, preparation,

choir leaders have a conception of the do its part in the program of worship and rendition is without blemish, and power of suitable religious songs, and by singing music that is appropriate is such as may not come under the that they realize that only suitable and suitable; the individuals in the Lord's condemnation?

IPIRII All MelchizedekESTHOODPriesthood material is prepared under QUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve, /"""V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. *>*

The Lord says: "Tobacco is not good for wan, but for bruises and sick cattle.

in participating sible, they are actively sent on a mission to the priest and What Is Priesthood? a Sacrament. of the administration the States. Southern

AaronicIForyoua piecehad aofhorseland ortoansellautomobileand were A Good Turn Ordinations in the unbegoing where you would away Priesthood in Salt Lake ward, Emigration still business, transact that toable you perof deacons the INCity,the worthiquorums of the be assured effect sale of the asking one bymight is that in the Church to be orform work those who are of INnessorderof to it friends to for you.your do

That delegation of power or authorgreat aid to the bishop and the elders'dained in the Aaronic Priesthood and dignity quorum. the of appreciation promote toity be of mouth done might by word

visit the fast it they Sunday Every callings. these of importance signed a written statement and byor by

the get to Saints Latterday of homes presentation the in that appropriate witnessed some perhaps and byyou nearly this fast offerings. In way of approval the for their names else. a ofisone

into comes dollars a month hundred little a it sale, ward in any friend the If membeers the made your would be as valid as if you had done the treasury of the ward for religious formality should be attached thereto.

it in person, and it would stand in purposes. The people now alwavs Therefore, everyone whose name is

their and have these visits, for to the ward members courts of the state as a legal translook presentedthe be has to plan ready. money No other should meetingaction. or Sacrament in Fast

well. so succeeded the permission time. In the act giving at of your This stand the be on the visit all. is Deacons that Nor the is called, in deacons, sell another ordained to to beto those case of members such of every Sunday homes at- a or law, of chairman "power the the of thatlanguage it is suggested through unable, are as the of ward Aaronic - thetorney."ward of other member the Sunto attend age, old or sickness that. is like something to be invited Priesthood be should supervisors Sacrathe take services, them and day or the delegates to power or president man the also as God stand, the on people these gratitude of ment. The power to the doauthority Primary. the officer At of other something—the the makes expression, and is beyond administer to confirm, baptize, to turn,to in should, they request bishop's that performed having for boys happy Supper, the Lord's ofthe Sacrament have the boys preparation state what

service. healing the sick in theto lay hands on they have evidence what and had

elders'the officers of the time a One so on. whenordinance, And and the ordination for worthiness of shown the ask they would thought perhe quorum is delegated and when soman Priesthood. the to

letters members the to carry to virtue deacons ordinance religious a byforms the of instance, chairman the For to inviting them organization, is the of valid as act the Priesthood, hisof could supervisors Priesthood Aaronic glad were deacons meetings. it the The in person. if performed theas Lord a to called make be well upon very

did. is to authority do the then, Priesthood, as following: that—and the such statement

to act for God. The result was beyond all expecta- "Bishop, brethren

atever been than had Priesthood sisters, the Aaronic and tion—greater It means. other through any tained Brown, to Preach Call supervisors have First (Wayne had A the did that touch personal the was in etc.) preparation Thomas, John

acfield of a provided new and Woodruff rejob, as Wilford (seven) soon past for the this ordination forAS ceived the Gospel, which was in tivity for the deacons. months and have been in contact with

1833, he felt a strong desire to preach their parents. These boys are all

it to others, so that they might share Field Notes living clean lives. They are keeping

his joy. the Word of Wisdom. They do not MISSION: to preach STATES however, In order, their to use profanity. the WESTERN They attend

President Elias S. Woodruff others to baptize especiallyGospel, to be worthy adprayers and are otherwise had response excellent vises that was for it necessary theinto was Church, are willing deacons. ordained They the of in commemorating matter the hold did priest; not he a to and behim thereto. service the attached to perform on Anniversary Priesthood Aaronic office, twentythat he although was I to to glad you them recommend am follows: as 17th Sunday, by May very modestsix old. Being years (If consideration."for favorable your re- a of before number have "I to me ask any notnature, man he would is of recomsuch not any worthy boy meetPriesthood Aaronic the ports of His prayed'. he ordain So him. ordained be he mendation should not mission this in held were ings which understand.Father would until reforms.) he few some with 17, 1931, time. on the at Missouri May in was He arise and then should bishop The case, were in that which, exceptions, the into he went day when One stand. to should each ask He boy I writing merely 24th. held to am the asked pray, May to he Lordwoods the for each present name by then this response the let that to will, it you if know His the was way,open up congregation. the vote separate of all in complete almost to be seems year a mission. Bethat go on might he

folbe should procedure same This it possible to the was branches where his knees he rose fore knew he from priests, exteachers and with lowed in meeting. Even a such hold answered. behis prayer would

the cases Primary in such cept that only one was branches where there the of out forest whom On coming called to upon not be would the officers held and were deacon, meetings Elias Elias Higbee.should but he meet

Higbee was president of the branch matter was taken with that degree of make recommendations. In very small

there. Elder Higbee said: seriousness which promises well for wards where there may be no super-

"Brother Woodruff, the Spirit of the Aaronic Priesthood work. I am visors, a member of the bishopric who

the Lord tells me you should be orsure you will be pleased to know that has had charge of the preparation of dained to go and. preach the Gospel."wherever we have a deacon, or more the boys or young men, should make

Accordingly, Wilford was ordained than one deacon, wherever it is posthe recommendation.

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive Department] General Superintendence General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

47 East South Temple Street George Albert Smith, Ruth May Fox,

R. Lyman, Richard Cannon, Grant General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Lucy

J. Ballard, Melvin A. Beesley, Clarissa

33 Bishop's Building Executive Secretary: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH General Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham Elsie Hogan

M. I. A. Summer Camps

"TsJEAR Brighton (Silver Lake) at panogos—"Sleeping Woman."You down a mountain's silhouette, the

-*- the head of Big Cottonwood can see them. friendship fire on the rock, the night

Canyon, is the M. L A. summer Over three peaks and two miles to breeze swinging the tree tops as you

camp, ideally located in a prominent the north rises rock piled Mount Mafall asleep. You'll live and love

position, with a setting of sky, woodjestic, and you are to enjoy a sunrise these things, not just for a few days, land, lake, and crag. hike up there some morning. but forever, and you'll plan your next

From the breeze cooled porch on You'll leave for Mount Majestic year's vacation on your way home!the north of the lodge, you may look before dawn and in deep silence—with—Leona Holbtook, Liberty Stake.

down the canyon for twenty miles, a purple sky and great steady stars and see mountain peaks rising one behung like lanterns. Passing under

hind another and sloping to the north sombre pines, through a forest as silent Sunday Evening Conjoint and south away from the stream. Here as a great empty catehdral, you'll Meetings

is adventure calling. Your legs may startle a bird occasionally, hear a loud

ensuing as for the general theme responsive, but whirr-r-r active andnot become trees. Developing it wings its way out THEyears is to through the will. be: The imaginationyour

The camp itself will accommodate Gray dawn comes gradually. InPower of the Gospel.

one hundred and fifty girls and womstead of becoming light over the peak M. I. A. officers are urged to give

en with comfortable beds and pleasant ahead, it seems to steal up from the these conjoint meetings much serious quarters for all. In addition to bedvalley below. The stars begin to disthought. It is a great privilege to

rooms, showers, and kitchen, there is appear. Reaching the top you will sit have one Sunday evening each month

a spacious dining hall, a recreation down with a feeling of awe and reverin which to develop our latent talent, room, and four open fireplaces to help ence. and we will travel much farther tomake your stay delightful. A group The pearl gray sky becomes tinted ward our objective if the program is

of tents near the. main lodge will acin the far west with a light rose touchfurnished by Ward members rather

commodate any men who are to join ing each highfloating cloud with a than by a special speaker from the outthe women of the family for a vacamore brilliant hue. The color inside.

tion. creases, running and streaming around For the guidance of those who preMeal time is a happy time, with you. Night is slipping away fast. pare the programs, the following sugwell-cooked food seasoned with group The heavy clouds below partially disgestions are offered:

songs, and occasional responses from solve and suddenly rise, spread, and 1. The program should be in keepindividual tables. float away, a ghost of the former ing with the day.

"Mother Lunt,"as all of the girls mass. The color of the sky is re- 2. It should be carefully selected

call her, is house mother in very deed. flected on every rock, tree, lake, and and thoroughly prepared. It will then

No girl suffers homesickness nor slope, and with a final rush, there become an honor to be asked to take wants for anything with /'Mother bursts over the eastern mountains the part thereon.

Lunt"keeping a kindly eye on all first rays of the blazing sun. The 3. Care should be used to see that

the visitors. day has come! young people who are assigned parts

Recreational features are provided, Perhaps you will get in on a bean understand what is expected of them.

and a leader organizes events and prohole bean bake, and will chuckle to They should occupy places on the grams for all who care to participate. yourself while listening to an appestand.

You'll want to take the winding trail tizing sound of "bubblebub-1-bub"4. Those taking part should be

and travel up to Twin Lakes with tbe coming from a little mound of soft chosen with a view of providing a crowd. It's a short hike and a good warm dirt. Get a stick and scrape wide distribution of activity.

one. A gradual ascent, easy trail, and away the dirt, raise the kettle by the Music should be in harmony with

uncontrollable enthusiasm will get handle from the hole of hot rocks and the theme. For example: "My God

you there in short order—and there ashes, lift off the lid, and here's food the Source of all my Joys."(Hymn

are the lakes catching every ray of fit for anyone. may be read before singing.) "God

sunshine and reflecting sparkling gems. You'll like the campfire programs, moves ift a mysterious way."(An inThen there's the Sunset Peak trip the stunt nights, and the days—full teresting story of the author William

where you follow along the divide beof games and fun. Cooper might be given.)

tween Big Cottonwood Canyon, and You'll never forget your days and Talk, How we are made stronger by the north fork of American Fork Cannights at the M. I. A. Camp. You'll faith in God.

yon. Looking fourteen miles south never forget the sweep of wind from (a) Physically. (Cite cases of

one sees the massive mountain Tim- a blue sky, a glowing moon slipping healing by prayer and the laying on of

616 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

hands. Case of David. (I Samuel 17.)

The two thousand young Lamanites, 56.) (Alma ID IU IT ID IE IPA IRTTM IE N Intellectually. (Doc. and Cov. (b) - Committee Dis89:19.76:1-10; 84:45, 46; A==

courses of Brigham Young, pp. 378Dr. Arthur L. Beeley and Lucy W. Smith, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Franklin S.

385.) Harris, Lewis T. Cannon, Dr. Lyman L. Dames, Ann M. Cannon, Rose

Talk, How we are made stronger W. Bennett, Emily H. Higgs, Charlotte Stewart

by faith in God.

(a) Morally. (Dr. Talmage's Articles of Faith, page 105. Discourses

494500.)of Brigham Young, pp.

(Life of Wilford Course for Season 19311932 (b) Spiritually.

chapter 3.)Woodruff,

cases in particular chapter, the and some Fisk, Fisher by LIVE"TO instead of speakers two Four HOW interest. points of L. new Outline Dr. L. with Study by is It adsubjects. treat thesemight S. beliefs, in L. Second, which D. we Charlotte Daines Stewart Miss and bearing on testimonies thatvised two relation called attention to the have our

I. the General Adult of Board A. M. and a beliefs the young teachings these one theme, the man between by and

L. Committee Oaks Dr. and Weston S. the apteachings of L. Church. previously and D. lady, a youngone by

of the Faculty. B. Y. U. stimthird gives a part of number five The mingiven, three to pointed, be

sells stores regularly in This book I will sure ulating questions which am utes.

is for $2.00. supply hand class on leaders. to the helpful be now A

at the General Board offices and will The fourth part contains a number of references which would be desirable in any officers furnished and A. M. I.High Spots in the M. I. A. be library. Mutual includper copy, members at $1.75

is general the the in outline for 193132 Program That. ing the In (Postpaid) Outline Study

I just this to winter. going work am lots it six will of be or more (6) 8th. the headings Opening to indicate of of some you Social—September including to reduced per $1.65 copy th. to 15 begin that chapters so can September begins our you Class Work

. is the It (postpaid) Outline Study possibilities enthusiastic the about become begins Activity Program Halfhour

class that tojoin will hoped members us. the introductory are before that As 22nd.September

gether supply send for to and are first enough the of pages book hundred two Era Halfhour Program—October parts. each a into eight divided the copy. with home Make or following preceding either 13th, to according assigned chapters have effort least in at to ten copies We have

to be Activity the the and subject the pages with and name Program—time If studied the exyour knowlWard. and

after P. 9:00 tended M. table in the chapter of the of each heading the living, edge to applied everyday

will save times its cost in contents. book many part is a discussion of the The second

bills. medicine doctor and Department Manuals relation health, housing, personal of air to

Organize early department and your sleeping. clothing, living and outdoor and to Live,"by (Joint) Adult "How first. to be ready go by September is foods. part next book on The The $1.65 $1.75;Fisher and Fisk—Price get Order a your fine the book discussion of gives imand very now

in lots of six or more. Study outline acquainted with it before the weekly portant elements of food hygiene. Perfree with each text book. meetings are resumed in September. haps nothing of more importance from

Optional Courses * * * the standpoint of the health of mankind has been in recent years than the done 40c Progress"Century of "A extracts are from an The following diet. on Health and "Community sddress delivered L. researches by Dr. Lyman

Hygiene 50c Daines at the Adult Department MeetFirst, discussing the quantity of food;

different the types of Doctrine and "Ethics of the ing foods—proof June Conference, June 13, teins,next, fats. arid carbohydrates, Next, the

'2 0c Covenants'1931: of which, hard, bulky, foods and raw (where Adult Women's in the course, bring vitamines question of Group—

that to attempted work The we separate from The the men) meeting salts, the of habit mineral next and and last carry a served on year very good or "Gleaning,"Book, Bee Hive Hand diet.

in interest purpose arousing this in big Doing.'and text part fourth takes the of The up is It health. interesting of problem to

right MenGleaner (Jt.)-—-"The the infections. question of toxins and "BelievingM I. the that note slogan the of new A. M.

Etiquette"-—'PriceThing at All Times"—A50c. Book of study.follows the very lines of our course of First,withinthethepoisonsbody, thata*nd arein originatedthis connectionfrom

the of elimination, various evacuproblems field Occupacasting In an over the highly for Men—"Choosing M

a posture, in ation, in very imand come desirable material, for textbook chose we 35c. tion"—Price it the discusses portant then way; and this textbook our year Live by To How of the History Brief Gleaner—"A the various poisons that into come body Fisher Fisk, and sponsored the by NaAnderson H. Church,"by Edward poisons, contact from and tional is It Hygiene extremely Board. an without—the 50c. Price biological. the then acinto brings That fine treatise health personal problems on Vanguard—"The Log of the Vanand gives an opportunity for class leaders count in a short review the question of inguard Trail."to go into great detail. The Committee fection. You will be interested to get the Junior Girls—"Building a Life"has written a study outline to go along point of view of these (authors.

Price 20c. with it and to be a part of the text this There is a chapter on the proper care

teeth the of the and gums. Scouts—Boy

fifth gives Outline of the part discusses twentyfour This Study acbook The BeeHive definitely tivity Girts—HandScout Handbook.Book—Price chapterswinter. play, rather intiare forwhich extremely and and and we 25c.

mately outline the work of the first two tunate to get the help of Sister Charlotte text. last the in pages outlining these hundred of particular Stewart of chapThe Projects

is ters. the a a give foldiscussion the something of They book on text—which

like exercise: four Recreation, hundred pages-—-is of lowing and made work up Projects.""Health

Relaxation, Rest. will notes supplementary exnext be and chaptwo which The "I will Treasures Gather Adult—Gleaners—ters helpful in tremely to prethe instructor outlined Beeley were Dr. by our own

for (See of Gleaner Truth."Manual the lesson. paring the the Peace, In outlining chaphygiene on Serenity and and

explanation.) rers. we have followed the following of the nervous system. Junior Girls—"My Story—Lest I scheme The sixth part, upon individual hyForget."(See Junior Manual for exFirst, several points in which attention giene in general, gives a chance for a

planation.) is called to the most important items in general checking up on rules of hygiene.

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 617

The seventh part tells of the fields of eugenics.

The final part, the Possibilities of Hydeft.

giene. commu N imcrwmr

Committee == == Clarissa A. Beesley, Chairmen; Emily C. Adams, ViceChairman; Heber Optional Courses Oscar A. Kirkham,

In case your members do not want C.CharlotteIverson,Stewart,John H.ElsieTaylor,T. Brandley,W. O. Robinson,Katie C. DonJensen,Wood,EvangelineJos. F. T.Smith,Beesley,J. SpencerEthel S. Cornwall,Anderson

this study of individual health, they may select from any of the previous courses outlined in this department.

They are:

of192728—"Champions192627—"Heroes of Science."Liberty."Contest Winners—1931 Industry."192829—"Captains of

"Moral Teachings of the New Testanr HE contest features of the June LADIES'CHORUS -*- Salt in Conference held Lake City ment."was First—Granite Stake 12, 13, 14, June 1931, and Century of Progress."on192930—"A

Of the above, no copies are on different from those of other years in Dr. C. J. Green, Director

all respects. division Instead of they be many for sale, but may hand Birdie Anderson only the Church, winners throughout of your of some in possession found Louise Davis Bowring

finals, the the in appeared two such members. Helen Davis Bowring

The following can be purchased of choice being made by judges of the Clara Slamuelson the193031—"CommunityGeneral Board of M. HealthI. A.: and divisionThe followingmeets. named young peoNancyMarion ElizabethBlackett Done

Elsie Harline ple in presented afternoon Nordberg were and Hygiene—50c. Beth Hooper exhibitions, evening were accordand Adult Manual 193031—Women's Dr. C. G. Green places indicated: ed the "Ethics of the Doctrine 8 CoveRuth Hooper nants."

Dott Heiner Anderson Programs. MALE CHORUS 4 Music

Indian Stake First—Pocatello Lore—20c. Second—St. George Stake 1 930-3 Henriksen, Director 1—Gleaner Girls'Manual Jens

Evelvn Director Thurston, "Gleaning"—25c. Green Conrad Edward study desires class to the case In George Pugmire Virginia Jarvis these of outside Entirely something Farris Edgley Leo Ina McArthur Mae and outline your subjects, up make Charles Orson Packham Margaret Brooks of Committee it the Adult to submit Benzley Owen W. Winifred Smith I. Church A. Board General the M. Nilsson Karl V. Pickett Una Utah. City, Salt Lake Building, Babcock R. Stanford Office Mrs. LaVerne De Swan

Howard Packham Rhoda Andrus Ingvald Daniel Jansen Report from Orangeville N.J. EllisHaroldTolmanTimpson DANCING

Gee LaMarr Ward Lynn Elbert Lamoni Tolman First—Boxeldec Stake

conjoint in our the program Lawrence A. Monroe Welling David MadsenON classes, the adult meeting, Stephenson Clarence given by Eldred

Roberts Florence Hill Lillis C. by a song was the numbers of one

seven her Siterude and Sister Diantha sang Second—Mount Ogden Stake Second—Pocatello Stake but sang not only daughters, who

well. Miss Tyree, Director Howard Packham

Six of these daughters are married Alexander Eugene Winward Delmar Walton and have children, they all found their Richard Eugene Winward husbands in this little ward of five Walton Richards Burton hundred population, and were all marCharles R. Burton

ried in the Temple. All of them reside John E. DeHaan

here and are active in the Mutual and Henry J. DeHaan

other organizations. RogerAlfred S.J. WoodsBurdett

Robert Marshall Brough Johannes E. Gabler

Varian E. Hale

MIXED DOUBLE QUARTETTE First—Fremont Stake

J. H. Dean, Director

Margaret Bean Davis Karl W. Devenport

LaVina Catharine Norman J. R. Clark

Mabel H. Strong

Leon M. Strong

H. A. Dean (Ann Parkinson) (Alta Stoker) Second—Cache Stake Dancers in Gold and Green Centennial James McMurrin, Director Waltz—Nebo Stake.

618 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

First—LibertyORCHESTRAStake VANGUARDFirst—LibertyRETOLDStakeSTORY First—EnsignDRAMA Stake

Mr. Runswick, Director Clayton Lawrence Thatcher Helen S. Williams, Director

Ernest Morris W. Boyce Rhea Davis Stake Second—So.

Laura Duke Shindler Mary Keith C. Brown G. Reed John Carl Harris Joseph

J. Edward Eschler

Robert E. Runswick Melba Wodobury Watson JUNIOR First—KolobGIRLS'RETOLDStake STORY Louise Francom Maacah Fred Barnes

John Reid Margaret A. Bird

Margetts Paul Stake Second—Ogden SecondBarker Howard Director J. Reynolds, -Sevier Stake Emma Thomas Hunt Lamont Wilson Lela Vee

Willis J. Woodbury Allene Orton

S&cond—St. George Stake Board(Somewerelistsincomplete,sent in toandtheareGeneralgiven JosephNaomi W.L. ChandlerRandall

above as submitted.) Miss Melba Chatelain

Mr. Bleak, Director

Von B. Cottam

Mclntyre Floyd Francis H. Leavitt M MIEN IDIEIPAIRjr/HIENT

Committee M MEN PUBLIC SPEAKING = ====

Beal, A. Chairman; John Carlson, Thomas F. Bowman, Herbert B. Maw, Alma Clayton, Oscar W. First Place—Marvin James Bertoch Nicholas Ericksen, Jos. C. Warner, Homer E. E. G. Morgan, F. Smith

GLEANER PUBLIC SPEAKING First—Fremont Stake Adalena Madsen School for M Men Leaders

Second—Granite Stake (From a talk given at June Conference by N. A. Morgan)

INAUGURATING a new program They also had yells and songs and in

Lois Merle Astin * designed to improve the standard a little three minute dramatization put of M Men work the first school for over the significance of the'ir name.

Union Stake M Men Supervisors was held in Salt Club No. 3 adopted the comic name

fall in the City of Lake Rollers."Over 1930. "Peanut This group was Balloon Dance Green and Gold in leaders full the men, 50 of life responsiwork fun and Men were andTHE of M socially Stake was of Union in the District, fine, Salt ble attended for Lake features durmany peppy of success greatest financially theand the instruction during ing nights four the of period of school. the

I. last queen season. forthe A. M. A successfully that first out of 14 and number for the program innight The

five ward chosen fromwas among established the requirements completed discussions setcluded the general on judges. the beingqueens, The Men M ceras have recognition given and the been of the school up purposes and and

exthe to defray usedproceeds were tified Supervisors. objectives a to accomplished, be Men and M delegates June to stake thepenses of talk, school the discussion general out was and with worked The on

Conference. recommended to the M Men Comobjectives of M Men work, need for'

................,..;.;,. mittee of the General Board of the Y. leadership, securing 100% partici-

M. M. I. A. by a special committee pation in the group, and the developwho were assigned to study the probment of the M Man. Principles of lem of putting over the M Men propublic speaking were discussed and a

gram more successfully. The project general discussion was held on putting

was planned to meet two important over the public speaking program.

ends, first to give M Men Supervisors Following this a number of contests a better background and a better unwere held between the groups demonderstanding of M Men work and secstrating how various ideas can be ond, to give the M Men Supervisors worked into the general activity of proper recognition so that they will the M Men program. During the

be given greater freedom and support evening the -school was divided into to put over the program of activities. the groups above mentioned, officers

Four 2 hour meetings were held and were elected and names adopted and during that time the fundamentals of a yell presented. Assignments were

the M Men program and its problems also made for the following meetings.

were analyzed and discussed with great During the second night of the interest. school a period was given to the disWhile under the direction of the cussion of teaching methods, of class

General Board, the supervision of the work and the manual, including disschool was handled by a Committee cussions on teaching, a lesson on class of M Men leaders. Three groups discipline and on securing general parwere organized, typical of ward ticipation. Following this the school

groups, with officers and committees, divided into groups where group work and most of the school's activities were was taken up. Upon reassembling,

carried on through this organization. the groups put over a five minute

Club No. 1 adopted the name of stunt each depicting the slogan or the

"Pushers"and during the course of project assigned to the Mutuals for the school were responsible for a the year. The Peanut Rollers were

couple of original yells, a song and awarded by the judges as giving the

Queen of Gold and Green Ball, other original ideas. Club No. 2 best demonstration of the project. FolUnion Stake adopted the name "Master M Men."lowing this the joint M MenGleaner

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 619

program was discussed, followed by a given, and a very interesting program was of Y. M. M. I. A; Brother Adolph Zuber,

discussion of the reading course and enjoyed. Thirtyseven guests were presbranch president; and Sister Davies.

Hunt's in Tea held banquet was them) The Girls being ent, Junior among (the a athletics talk in thethen on Men M accommodathe and and presimenu Bluth, Rooms V. Brother including Johnprogram Warner. by Homer entirely dewere offered tions them Sister by mission; the Canadian of dent third the night profound on The time, enjoyable lightful. an Everyone had the mission president of Bluth, Annie athletic discussions a broadergram on is conto be in charge the committee Jenkins, and Sister Societies; Edyth Relief

program in which the group offered mission supervisor of Y. L. M. I. A.; Elgratulated on their successsful managetheir best ideas on how to promote der Silas E. Thomson, mission supervisor ment of the entire program.

baseball, tennis, bowling, horseshoe pitching, swimming and other athletic activities. This discussion which

brought out many valuable new features was followed by a talk and discussion on debating. Upon recon-

vening a song contest was held between the groups, first honors going to the

Masters, who presented a very splendid song with original words. After the

contest a discussion was held on financing M Men work.

The final night was devoted to a review of the work undertaken durnights; thr.e previous ing the MenGleaner Banquet, Toronto, Canada

outlined;sion supervisor the of the mis-M M

Men ideals, and putting over various activities in programs. There M Men DIE1PAR|MEN \ singing ofwas a windup community 'GLEANER*GINS -, /lMHM7'///'/i'learned each sung and songs night were rCommittee

after which the school was turned into a model M Men entertainment or Grace C. Neslen, Chairman, Rachel G. Taylor, Martha G. Smith, Margaret Newman,

social, each group participating in the Emily C. Adams

competitions. The climax came in the

serving of some refreshments and the supervisors departed voting the school is to be a month this one night Conference the on June a success and a most worthwhile and BEFORE group, of the the books gleaned from ready for diswas Gleaner Manual entertaining time.

depends success the work of leader in so the Gleaner every If tribution. It that decided had been beforehand leader, the initiative of the entirely her on copy obtain the church would certificates those to should be awarded Gleaners the material class of the in and months use the summer and successfully NOW complete men would who

their in books. this include with acquainted well becoming the as requirements the school of such

Gleaners 1,000 about Last year it 1931that friend, mean would regularly,attending participating in the new seems a their books. This started season successful the most be 2 would discussions, accurate records keeping

of all that transpired, preparing the we have ever experienced. A power splendid showing until we consider

assignments made for each night and and richness of thought and inspirathere are over 1,000 wards in the for having completed at least one year tion will come from unhurried conchurch, then we must say "It is only a beginning."subjects presented. the of templation as a Fourteen supervisor of M Men.

Etiquette, No leader can stimulate the Gleantwo with evening with qualified the attending school unOne men der these requirements and have since Church History, and one with Treaers to the highest achievement unless been awarded the first certificates. sures of Truth is outlined in the she has felt the thrill of making her

manual. own "Treasures of Truth."

are with busy months Winter in interest of. the account

is ideal to time school, but summer books, and the Big Horn Stake M Men Hold TreasuresOn of Truth

Second Annual Banquet feeling so generally expressed that real gather the Gleaners in social groups possibilities for the them and show if sufficient results obtained be could forty and hundred from Men A M through happiness increased and joy of given, fourth our one time were six stake the the of wards Big Horn satisin participation this soul actual to this is to be devoted winters work in Lovell, gathered for the second Wyo.,

annual M Men's banquet. The dinner subject. The material to be presented fying activity.

and the toasts given were enjoyed by all.

Two toasts were had from each ward;

in addition to these each from we heard present, the Deseret Stake Camp of of the bishops members

I. with cooperated lief Society the M. stake presidency, and Y. I. A. A. Stake Deseret M. M. I. Y. L. M. THE to each of their asked members the parts others on program were whose A. and for a laid the foundation have

occasion extemporaneous. was The 10c. was summer, donate money By in Canyon. City Oak enSummer Camp

a those so of joyed number much that the begin to work. available Some acres of ground rented have two They

it semian- present suggested be made a and donated City work from Oak men been reserve has the which Forest from nual affair. regufenced. place Rules and was for the tent purchased a large fenced and

use of the girls of the stake. It is a lations were formed and all those who

rules. these abided the by home Report MenGleaner from trees used pine large beautiful spot withM

a deleof the June, 1930, 25th On creek a running shade, plenty giving of Mission Canadian I. with of gation workers A. met M.

hills large formthe grounds, through representatives at the Reserve Forest the King! To a stately background. ing site place. dedicated the formally and

toast is drunk, and the banquet The this look beginning small Mrs. From we of the winter 192930 During is on!

Grace C. Warnick, then Y. L. Stake for a camp in the future that will be as

Girls Gleaner of the Men and The M their gave on President, laid plans for the beginning fine as any in the Church. Margaret Banquet branch Toronto

May 1, and it was successful in every of the camp. Committees were apCatlister, Y. L. Stake President, Elzina

way. Splendid toasts and responses were pointed to raise funds. The Stake ReDutson, Stake Secretary.

..,..

620 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

many, one went to Holland, one went to

collecting pictures to put in my book from those countries. JUNIOR Gil IRIS DEPARTMENT Wlthe Hawaiian Islands. See, I have been

I'll Say, Kay: it easy, I have won't === Committee ===== just Allie's to write have over for book

Laura P. Nicholson, Chairman; Agnes S. Knowlton, Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard, me.

Katie C. Jensen Mable: It will help you a lot, but

I guess you'll have something to say for yourself, you usually do.

(Kate pulls friendly face at her.)

Kay: Why see Allie. this Marcia: What's But Story My

all those I bugs—thought it was fun to about.

: I a Lest Insects. Forget99 gatherAll Allie: that is a sheet of names Why

Marcia: Oh, would, you Kay. Look for get baptism. baptized Didn't you little (This dramatization the Junior on at it! the pulled out I'm of mark for people some with went your when you forProject in the given 193132 was of not fond class? Bee Hive bugs—youJunior Department at meeting June: ConInsects. All I five times. Yes, Mable: I wentference in Salt City.) Lake It's isn't Allie: this like that. Well, I it interesting awfully thought was but

Scene 1 Living room, Fall of 1931, to be all about yourself. It's your own can't remember anyone's name. Can you

Characters: Kate, Marcia, Mable, Gladys, stories, so that you won't forget what has Kay?

and Allie. happened to you. See mine. I am just Kate: No, I guess next time we can

Enter Kate looking for tennis racket, started and I am already so interested I put them in our book, can't we? Then

(on central table is a general array of don't want to let it alone a minute. we will have a record of them.

paper, etc., in neat piles.) (Shows pictures as she talks.) Allie: Here is my Patriarchal Blessing.

Kate: Oh deter, I can't find it. I was Here is the place I was born, and here Marcia: What's that, Allie?

sure I left it here. Calls through the is a lock of my baby hair. Here is one Allie: Read it Marcia. It's really

door, Come on in will you? I can't find of my first shoes. This dress was a gift, very nice. It tells of my ancestry. We

my racket. so mother tells me. Here is a picture of will learn a great deal about them I

(Enter Marcia, Mable, and Gladys my early beau. He took me to my first hope and perhaps latter if you all want

is here dance tin anddressed for tennisi, rackets hand. yourselves. They one for one each have you can

that is just the his old valentine—andI haven't beginning.lounge table. I'll to on chairs. goes Marcia keen. surely be Gladys: Sounds

Picks up picture.) started to tell about my trips, and school in your class, Allie. Why, I guess it

Marcia: Hey, look! Here is Kay in and summer vacations or anything. will just about be our bunch. Say, why

her youth. This chapter is about my parents and not just have our bunch?

it I starting that chart the with table.) you (Girls to am come that. couldn't Allie: do we Why,

I tell in. I a to had came want aren't when cute? Mable: Kate you Why too? age Isn't Jane your

little places they the from find about came didwhere looks? your you good

Allie! talk can't Kate: even She Oh, is loved. things they the This and look myOh, here—doesn't to she belong plain our crowd and great grandmother. EngShe came from Marcia: be must How

dresses never she funny, she and comes and to land grandmother quaint—thatbridal hex in brought andKay's mother gown. my We

dishes. to she because has time wash on it the joined they like better careful. Canada. Church looks be Thenhad This

was meant to be something. They won't and came here, where mother was born Allie: We all help with the dishes,

like it if we muss it up. in Cottonwood. I was born here in Salt don't we? And she's the very one we

Kay: Oh, I guess it's Alhe's. She's Lake—and that's only one side of the want to make happy. She's brought here

always doing something. family tree. by one of our own missionaries, and she's

leave everything. to Poor kid, she Marcia: I am (Mable picks up paper and examines French and Dutch—if had

awfully lonesome to me. looks that.it.) can imagine you

Mable: Oh, see this, here is a chart Mable: I am Scotch and German. Mable u Well, we'll have her, and

that shows Kate's father and mother, Gladys: So that is why you are so maybe she won't be a stranger long.

is it? everything. particular Mother's grandparents.grandparents and I am there's Then Francine. What

in traced her got pedigree back (Enter our Aide way unnoticed—carryinggreat her? and aboutAllie:

it like etc. trace a nation dress, pictures, of every seems books, a bwbyhands

all silent are (Girls a minute.) rise.) people wanderers were somewhere.Girls I Myhave

Gladys: Oh, what a darling dress. and we have traveled most everywhere. Kate: Well, she gave our crowd up

Allie: Like it, really? ((urns around Allie: Won't we hiave fun when we and joined the smart set at school and

as she comes to table.) I see you are have our ancestry party in Mutual next started to smoke.

looking at the new book I am making—winter? And here is another interesting Marcia: Well, she stopped and she'd Marcia: A new book? It's a funny chapter. My missionaries—Father went like to come back to us. She said her

book. What are you going to call it? to England, and one brother went to Germother felt so bad, and one day she said,

Alice: My Story, 'Lest I Forget'.'"I never would have believed a daughter

'I like that Mable: name, My Story,:';.'jj %? it all about?but what is W',nui ofneverminecouldwouldforgetsmoke."it, orFrancinehow sorrysaid sheshe

Allie: Me. Sit down, if you have a looked and so she quit.

minute to spare? (All nod and sit.) You If Mable: Well, we'll invite her back

Isee class at a to rbke asked Junior am if she smoke. wants and won't to come

It**- I fall get to this trying soMutual am tennis (Flips in air, vpchet Kate all inready. will of be and you Kay -IfidlBfiB Wn it.) sees m if class to Mutual. come youmy

night, all Kate: forgetting we're Good will All: come! Oh, we n tennis. Let's our about go. Allie, did I Bf# fu Marcia: never so keen about was mft i'f *:V"*1PBtfftln WLi see racket? you mychurch. W

Allie: Well, you'll like this, I am. Allie: Why yes, Kate, I put it in your

sure. There are the most interesting things room in its case.

for us to do. (Exit Kate.)

Marcia: No preaching? * *-\'''X*'f ''Si - "f Allie: See, girls, here is the cover.

Allie: Preaching, Just study, no!

beautiful,discussions on how to be really 'r.. "% Isn'tHere's itKatenice?backItso is runreallyand veryplay cheap.while

beautiful. "Building a Life."Isn't that 1 work a little.

title? interesting Thisan All: All right, good bye. tha,t Iual. And this am isworkingour manon

project.is our

Mable: Excuse me, we had one in na- ''%,. (Girls(Substitutesexit asforcurtainnames mayfalls.)be made

ture, and I thought I'd perish. "IVEvl also for places the missionaries in your

Gladys: Me too. -.-': family have visited.)

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 621

Leadership in Scouting VANGUARDS SCOUTS IDIEIPT. (From a talk given at June ConferCommittee = ence, 1931, by Ernest P. Horsley. )—=*-<

talk of leadership has caused MUCH that authorities ward to remark Dr. George R. Hill, Jr., and Charley R. Mabey, Chairmen; Nicholas G. Smith, German E.

Ellsworth, LeRoi C. Snow, Ernest P. Horsley there is a discrimination against the

ordinary member and that only professional men and women are being noticed and used.

the the part to overstate on of some The New Organization Plan Perhaps there is a slight tendency leadership question, a but is it not

TTNQUESTIONABLY important step taken thein manymost havethe world.been addedTo thesomegameof ofthevolleyballmost inarefact overlookingthat many stakethe absoluteand wardnecessityofficers

years in connection with the Lesser teresting features of tennis, basketball, of making practical approach to conPriesthood is the new correlation plan soccer, and other popular sports. sistent and efficient leadership, and acprojected by the Presiding Bishopric From a standpoint of balanced physical cepting the passive and indifferent noin cooperation with the General Sudevelopment, and the opportunity to tion of "Anyone"will do regardless

perintendencies of Sunday School and develop skill, grace, and agility, "Vanof personality and adaptation for pur-

Y. M. M. I. A. at the April Conferball"is predicted to become an impose.

ence. Under this plan the entire boy portant sport. We have thousands of boys in this

leadership of the Church is to be corThe Churchwide contest will be nation and only a small percentage are related in a plan to bring every boy conducted very largely along the lines properly directed because of lack of into the organfrom Church 12 to 20 now being followed by the M Men in leadership.Much valuable time is being wasted izations to friendly give coand him basketball.

operation and guidance. Heretofore in the training of boys. Time cannot

our work has been highly departmentbe recalled. It is valuable and this

alized with most of the leadership "orWhat Kind of a Boy Scout practical age is demanding conservautil- effort proper tion of time and and ganizationminded."the Under new Are You?

of ization think of the us Let same. to asked be plan, all boy leaders are

"boyminded"and to place the boy What kind of a scout are you, dear boy? the subject in hand on the basis of

and his welfare above the importance Are you loyal to your promises, loyal and actual merit.

true? organization. All organizaof any

answer the call, and receive the Leader tions are the Do you to bring now to work joy? their groups, into only not boy leads the or, one One who way who are regular you at scout And meeting too? three the into of each but lines side inspires the or from from owngroups—the As a member, you know, are taught you School, Priesthood Sunday Quorum, rear. the to do good

I. in as represented Scoutand A. M. factors It together brings is one who help the you Do widows, cutting the by ing, Vanguard work and M Men wood? that make for success.

groups. In each ward a monthly Are you always on hand, to help with the One who has perspiration sufficient

meeting of all boy leaders is to be held work to deliver the inspiration that his aswith a definite order of business and With a chance for service, how much do pirations hoped for.

projects for consideration being initiyou shirk? One with Poise, Efficiency and

office. generalated the This Church by Peace. you row up life's stream Do with wholeis to report to a similar meeting ward inspires leads the and One who way hearted zest?

instake in each held to be meeting spirit his others to follow of "Come by Pulling the oars and doing best, your cluding all the stake boy leadership and Meeting life's problems as they come in On,"or his stimulating spirit and in return reports will be made to the sight, genius that says "Go on! You can do

general correlation committee. O'ercoming evil and doing what's right? h,"or his companionable influence

Considering the many influences Have you asked yourself these questions? that makes his followers resolve and

the satisfied Have answers too? to contend, decide boys our havewith which know we can.""We can, we If not, dear boy, ask you it is will this that planned program kind of are What you?

effective helpful thanprove Leadership and in Scouting more H. Eugene Hughes—Bya scoutI

that heretofore similarany movement has been undertaken. Calls for and depends upon proper

understanding of Scouting and its obVanball jectives.

Scouting The Vanguard Committee of the

General Board, in cooperation with A process of making real men out the Latterday Saint Scout Executives of real boys by a real program, and of all the surrounding councils, has interesting, growthproducing, characoutlined what is believed to be an outter-building program of activities. A

standing program for boys of the Vanprogram that gives the boy a chance 1 6 years. In this to serve his community. It is the proguard age—15 to

program athletics will play a big part. gram that sanctifies the home, stabilizes

The athletic sport planned for Churchthe boy in the divine, keeps his body wide contest is "Vanjball,"a new a clean receptacle for the indwelling game designed especially for the Vanof the holy spirit, the essential power guard groups. "Vanball"is based to fortify the physical strength relargely upon the game of volleyball quired of a real American Scout.

which in the last few years has become It is a program of thrift and inthe major sport of the Y. M. C. A. dustry, professional attainment, reverboth at home and abroad and is rapential solidity; and will be demanded

idly <gaining popularity throughout to protect our great America and the

622 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

strength necessary for the proclamasmile. It is the badge of the greatest For round about you there are men less

tion of truth in all the world. lodgeHumble—"Thyin the world.will O Lord, not Tolerant-—-"Showfortunate than you."me the diameter

show intelli- L. D. S. Scouts mineAppreciative—be done."ofyoua man'sthe circumferencetolerance andof I hiswill

Reed. friends that gence."kindly for the "Be grateful is our great; organization Our Scout words are sweet tones Kind—"Kind way; your walk along it cansuccess very marked, but what

heart."the that of blue skies of for the grateful Be energetic, if just be sincere,be we will friend, a you Companionable—"Be to day; day smile from for a endeavors in untiring ourand disposition a need don't money; just own, health you the grateful for Be leadership? devotedprogressive and

the work you find to do, sunny."

Essentials in Scout Leadership

Conversion—A love for God, forboys and the accomplishment of our BIEIEIHIIWIE eilllLS IDIEIPaVIRaHIENT

plan, "Love is the power that molds === Committee ======= greater part life the forms of And

Sarah R. Cannon, Chairman; Catherine Folsom, Vida F. Clawson, Glenn J. Beeley, Marie C. fairest flower wondrousThat

That blooms within the human Thomas, Elsie T. Brandley

heart."Preparation—Know your job

StakestudyCleanliness—Hethe boy, the program.must be physically Handcraft Parowan

even clothes, clean clean. Wear the this stake, of Day Swarm The issues of poor. previous in though announced in delightful held, most first ever was AS appearregarding in neat often be questions Bathe and Era, the event the crowning respect, and every

this ance. month's in are answered handcraft BeeHive year of successful a very of

If a clean, Beeley. J. not mentally be must Glenn Mrs. He magazine by officers hundred two Almost work. jokes. teller concerning a curser, colored of not problems other have you enjoyed present, and girls were and care of her, in morally. reproach be to above must write activity, He this Beerivalry. friendly a and fun of day BishIf familiar. married department, 33 not be must He the BeeHive talks, musical fiveminute songs, Hive will replies his aphis to famconfine "loves"the should Building, and op's General of presentation and numbers (See issue. ily. possible earliest in the pear outstanding the were Awards Board character issue.) should have this page 593, Following Reality—He program. the of features—not simply a reputation. this athletic games were participated

a firm and have should In supper. Prove delightful Faith—He a Days also in, Swarm and

faith the faith Gospel. in His devoted plays oneact in contest a the evening Interesting defined as Brother be should Talmage enthusiastic aubefore an staged was of secret soul the ambition, of "the Stake between Blackfoot presented being dience, music

efall the heroism, of motive power the shared by were plays. Honors the of gathering the SwarmDay fort."a voted the day wards, and various Blackfoot Girls of ATBeeHive the that inspiration the of Think success. great Starin singing all "The joined stake, familiar in sayings utter leader would

also Banner."They Spangled to the following: gave Garfield Stake "Spirit the in from memory unison and

"I believe in the world and its bigness of the Hive"and the "Womanho The Swarm Day of Garfield stake and splendor Call."Four talks were given on the was held in connection with the Stake

That most of the hearts beating around meaning of Swarm Day and the Cycle Honor Day. Contests in stunts, songs,

us are tender; of Life. Stunts, songs and other mufive-minute talks, folk dances and

That days are but footsteps and years sical numbers were followed by two scrapbooks were on the program, and are but miles plays, "Facing the Facts"and "Rainone-act plays and handcraft displays

That lead us to beauty and singing bow Seekers."A Japanese operetta, were additional features. A delightand smiles; folk dances and prizes for the best ful and enjoyable time was had.

That roses that blossom and toilers scrapbooks were given. The girls,

that plod standing in formation, were awarded Boise Stake

Are filled with the glorious spirit of certificates of graduation, marking one

God. of the most successful Swarm Days The Boise Stake Swarm Day was

ever held by the stake. marked by the following events:

The Leader Should Strive for Deseret Stake Scrapbookplays, lunchexhibits,and a contestgreat swimmingin oneact

Qualifications: Following party. It was regarded by all as a the held was Day

real success. was Delta. day The Liked by Be the Boys—Leader AprilBee 18thHive in Swarm

must run his train on tracks of boys a beautiful one and the Bee Hive Pioneer Stake interest. Girls and their mothers were in attendgirls. Girls of Pioneer BeeHive ance. were 42 graduate and There The example Example—Personal at 1 1 o'clock Day very successful Swarm held stake began day's greatest single program counsel The of Scout Master

factor. with singing and prayer. A dramaexercises Friday evening in the Pioservice splendid program Stake Hall. assign, was neer each field of tization of to A Organization—Ability after of dramatizations different wards, in which was given, boys do presented by check up, and see that the

things. which the certificates were presented cells, original stunts, singing of Beesongs, contest numand winning eaten. Hive lunch the and Nature—Should know and love stunt folk dancing, in speech, bers five minute talk by a girl from outof-doors. A

presentwere dancretold and dramatizations a story, and songs for a keen each swarm, Sportsmanship—Seek part finished day's the 100 girls took three wards ed. About ing from sense of sportsmanship.

exercises and 25, after having passed Cheerful—Carry a wholesome program. in the

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 623

the required tests, received awards of was presented, consisting of winning Carbon Stake certificates, in speech, contest BeeLines events folk Merit dancing, and BadStake a Our such was Swarm Day ges. cell Mrs. Edith in chorus, Louise dramatization Gold and Miss

it that filling, success in the report wish to we in girls Beckstrom, BeeKeepers Stake received were awards 80 etc. About Era.

charge of the Certificates, of BeeLines, program. Graduation

a stake beforeheld tryout day We Badges. program was conThe all all giving the hand, Swarms from Stake Merit Oquirrh Caroline and ducted Lytke by Mrs. a the try in the chance to wards out

Mrs. Stake Oquirrh held Swarm Day Carol Fisher, Stake BeeKeep- different events, the to apwinners

ers. exercises their for girls BeeHive on Six oneact pear on Day. Swarm

Saturday, May 9th. The program Idaho Falls plays, four retold stories, four book

began at 2:00 p. m., with contest tryBeehive girls from every ward in the reviews of Mother Carey's Chickens,

outs in speech, retold story, and oneact Idaho Falls stake took part in the nine fiveminute talks on The Cycle plays. At 6:00 p. m. luncheon was annual Beehive "Swarm"day. of Life, BeeHive symbolism and Beeserved, at which all mothers were The contest in original songs took Hive Plan were given at this try out.

special guests. At 7:30 in the evening place with seven wards entering. Mrs. On Swarm Day the girls from eight

the general public was invited to at- H. Ray Hatch gave a short and interdifferent Swarms had beautiful booths

tend the graduation exercises. A esting talk on "The Cycle of Life."arranged displaying their scrap books,

splendid program was presented deContest essays on subjects such as "The art work, symbol work, etc. Hot rolls

picting BeeHive work, in which Word of Wisdom,""Beehive Symboland hot baking powder biscuits were about 75 BeeHive girls participated, ism,""Life of the Bee,"and "What the contest numbers in cooking.

30 of which received graduation certiBeehive Work Means to Me,"were At 7 o'clock a hot chicken dinner ficates, awards of BeeLines and Merit read. was served to 203 BeeHive Girls and

Badges and awards were given also to Following the program at the chaptheir mothers. Tables were beautiwinners of the contests held in the el, the group was taken to the recrefully decorated with carnations and

afternoon. The entire day was deation hall of the tabernacle where the roses. The Stake Board members were

clared a great success. Mrs. May Bello Honey Gatherers were placed into assisted by the Gleaner Girls in serving.

and Mrs. G. A. Bullock, Stake Beethree formations, and given graduation Graduation certificates were awarded

Keepers were in charge. certificates. Contest dances were conto 40 girls. A fiveminute talk on

ducted in the dances "Sweet Kate"and The Cycle of Life, a 15minute book

Ensign Stake "The Hungarian Grief Dance."Folreview of Mother Carey's Chickens, a

Ensign Stake Swarm Day was held lowing the dances there were stunts and oneact play, a retold story and a

May 15th at 7:30 p. m. in the 20th entertainment presented by the varifive-m.inute talk on BeeHive plan

Ward Recreation Hall on 2nd Aveous wards, with one ward presenting were given.

nue and "G"Streets. About 200 a play "A Conspiracy."An original Swarm Song, a fivemin-

BeeHive girls participated in an exExhibits of scrapbooks and handute talk on BeeHive Symbolism, two cellent program which was presented work of the BeeHive girls formed an very clever original stunts and comincluding a oneact First Aid Play, interesting phase of the day's program, munity singing formed the remainder called "Friends in Need,"written by with awards. of the program.

Stake BeeKeeper LaVon McGhie, Visitors and judges from the ShelAll had a most delightful time and dramatizations, and winnnig contest ley, Rigby and Freemont stakes were much enthusiasm was displayed by numbers in folk dancing, five minute present. BeeHive girls.

talks, original stunts, etc. About 70 -*(3*-

girls,p(asised the tests and received awards of certificates, BeeLines, Merit Keys to Lost Locks

Badges, etc. The exercises were con- [Continued from page 587]

ducted by Mrs. Hazel Groesbeck and

LaVon McGhie, Stake BeeKeepers. learned by sad experience that such same"is but a symbol of thousands

An exhibit of the girls'handwork money does not pass current in of such passwords; indeed in a

was also displayed. Italy, nor in Egypt, nor in Palessense most words are keys admittine or Greece. I grew somewhat ting us in an instant to a room, a

Grant Stake weary of my massive pocket piece, mood or a vista. At a loss for a

Grant Stake Swarm Day was held which felt slightly larger and word, vou feel in all the pockets

Saturday evening May 16th in the heavier than a silver dollar; esof memory for it like a man fumGrant Stake Tabernacle at 7:30 p. m. pecially as it began to occur to me bling for a key. And why? Be-

A very interesting program was prethat some designing Swiss had cause it is the key to some door pared including contest in folk danctaken advantage of me. But not at before which you stand halted uning in scrap costume; symbol book and til still is there locks that were key the magic found. Bishop word

firstcontest, place second and winall:

if it w<js of open, even used to out in his Anderson would point out inners talks, BeeHive five minute

Choruses and stunt songs. About 300 fashion elsewhere, for on my redelightful way the curious experiBee-Hive girls took part in the proturn to Switzerland after six ence of the word "Conversation"

gram and 150 girls passed the tests months'absence, the wise and pruin the English Bible. From meanand received awards of certificates, dent Swiss accepted it with alacriing what you do, in the sixteenth

Merit Badges, etc. Miss Leah Yates ty. Truly-—century, it had come to mean what

Behunin, BeeMissand Stake LaRue say, in It you had in ofKeepers pedigree charge were the of honey proThe its lost old it had found?,lsogram. exhibit lock—butthe nineteenth. an There was the bee; not concern Does one. a new girls'theof handwork. to anywhere him A clover stand in a strange city You

Granite Stake Is aristocracy. groping for a name—of a hotel,

a street, if a person. For you find Granite Stake Swarm Day exerit it will open for doors of youcises evening, were held Friday May r\F course words have been from15th at 7:30 p. m., in the Granite w time immemorial the greatest hospitality, opportunity, experiStake Tabernacle, 9th East and 21st keys to unlock doors and open ence. A man affronts you and irSouth, where an interesting program caskets and caverns. "Open! Seritates you; hot words pass; it

624 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

comes out that he is from Boston; 'T'WICE every year the City of many poses in literature are keys to

knows your wife's uncle Henry; 1 Destruction is plastered with lost locks. Think of the old promagnificent fellow! You say so posters calling upon the inhabiverbs and mottoes that unlocked

too. All is forgiven. You shake tants to vote for Ryan, Gahan, or doors to success and mastery for a

hands and are suddenly friends. Fehan. There is, it is true, a city former age, but are so useless now.

A name has been the key to muordinance forbidding this practice, And is anything more pathetic tual confidence. but it is politely relaxed at electhan to see some old fellow fumLearned members of Phi Beta tions when some millions of violabling about today with a handful

Kappa no longer wind their watchtions of it regularly occur. I do of these old keys? Unless it be to

es on retiring to rest with the emnot rise to complain of this; that find a young person similarly emblem of that illustrious sodality; would be futile; but only to point ployed. But what can they do?

yet there can be little doubt it once out that after a certain evening in They have found or inherited these served that purpose, and was exNovember they are out of date keys, and rightly believe that they pected by the founders thus nightly defunct, passe. And still they were made to fit locks. And some

to remind its wearers of their dewave, stained and tattered, for logical people with an attic full of votion to Philosophia forever. But months and even years, clamoring these keys, naturally conclude that

alas for man's devices I With the to us to vote for a host of nobodies if there are really no locks any advent of the stem winder, the long since defeated and forgotten more that they will fit, the thing to function disappeared, and now—keys to lost locks in the house do is to make locks to fit the keys.

new candidates for such honors of Demos, their god. So we see people busily engaged

have to be told what the thing is, So many slogans in politics, so upon the futile task of making or rather was. many catchwords in religion, so locks for the old keys.

Mayor Presents Typewriters toWinners

Mr. Pitts of Woodstock Warren Perry Margaret Cannegieter Mayor Bowman

Typewriter Company At assembly of students or Typewritersstudents of onehaveschoolbeenat thewonsameby beis usedthe bestin anyinvestmentline of endeavor.one couldIt

Henager Business College held time. possibly make.

July 2, Mayor Bowman gave a They are also the first WoodNew students are enrolling each very interesting talk on business stock typewriters to be awarded in week. Positions secured for graduopportunities, after which he prethe intermountain territory. ates. The school received 367

sented the above typewriters to The need of proficiency was calls for office help during the

Miss Cannegieter and Mr. Perry never more important than it is topast year and was unable to fill

with congratulations on their fine day. A course in Henager Busall of "them. Anyone interested

work. The typewriters were won iness College is inexpensive and is cordially invited to call, write

by these young people for having gives the proper foundation for or 'phone to Henager Business written 96 and 92 words per minfuture success. It takes only a College, 45 East Broadway, Salt

ute, respectively, without error in short time with us to obtain a Lake City, for full information contest work. This is the only good practical education that will concerning courses, etc. When

instance where two Woodstock (Advertisement) writing please mention "Era."

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 625

with the herd. OA Daughter of Martha train, while her brother went on

[Continued from page 597] AsS soon as Henry was out of sight, Gloria felt the silence watch, anddressed the night for again doubled and the war path, loneliness her vigil. of The put and

Just inside the circle. all the cattle sickeningMargaret felt a Kirkman to rise prairie seemed endless up

of the security beforeweakness. dawn, from were not True, they vision. child's her press upon and

hill, Indians of the lithe, band theirblack; a nearby stalwart but singing. stopped bird had The The Screaming them. bore upon built acruthless forbodies were down a little creek murflowed without

circry, they their inimitabletion, their war cold. cruelly eyes were disbuffalo had the Even mur.

cled to the seeking stampedeIt camp, first their encounter was with hill top. the appeared from low Inside the oxen. her wagon, MarthereinIndians, KirkStephen and regretted frightened and became

if InShe garet wondered Kirkman learned a forlesson never heman little breeze adventure. her A as their cruel to capdians were itgot. is learned that soon He

the height of folly to lie to or tives as the Hottentots and Kafirs, joke with, an Indian. and she thought of her dead father

From the security of the front and brothers. But as she prayed

wagon, Gloria peered out at the for deliverance, she prepared extra

Indians, fascinated by their bright ammunition, knowing that Stephfeathers and painted faces. Their en, who assumed all blame for

placed attack, in the himself had livelyponies were like spotted, and Rewards m> interested—are post. the SyVr dangerous |fyOU no most calico.the pattern But Seeing on her

ability develop the to speak—to

fired; shots Indians the were hadbrothers talking in everyday public with them, she or in HOW twice forge ahead sought oxen, only the to stampede ITO boldergrew the and back drew WORK fast doing, are effectivelyconversation—toas read as you now

to WONDERS Words With Wonders Work How helpless. leaving thecanvas. immigrants

free. sent WITH now

recently booklet, This train pubnew That night, was I when the 'That your squaw?"demanded WORDS that lished, thoupoints the road miles further along, Stephto increase followed chief, sands navethe pointing a feathered arfifteen

quickly earning their power and en, speech of slow always made at Gloria's brightrow head. popularity.

a. can, explains also It you by how terse *<*$**- the comment; Stephen nodded, and thought to bemethod, study easy new, home

fright; stage conquer speaker and an are like negroes. "Indians not fun.have to fear. will cometimidity prove ponies this be booklet many read outstandingand "How To

wellspent. evening an If joke them. can't with give free* Youyou this for valuable her?"address queried. he me and and Simply send name

obligation. once. at booklet besent No I dye, black find some I could chief instantly seriThe became INSTITUTE AMERICAN NORTHwill hair."Gloria's dipous. called would 111. his warriors, Ave., He Dept. Chicago, 418-C Michigan 3601 had

them double up and promptly offered five ponies in exchange for later Gloriathe squaw, MONTH whose bright tresses so youngest started Aout with her fascinated him.

brother Henry, to drive the milk cows. They left camp an hour

OTEPHEN knew his early, in order to seek noon pasture mistake and was deeply troubled. for the cows. Gloria had begged"No—-no—"he shook his head. for days for this privilege, and

"Little squaw. Heap little squaw."now Margaret Kirkman felt the

He motioned behind him with his day was propitious as the country hands, and the alert Gloria slipped seemed level and smooth. If she

quickly from her own wagon to tired, she could rest under a tree or the inner side circle. of the train, the to await a stream by She Tractors "CATERPILLAR"did not just the know all Gloria skipped of ahead what it was year the seasons of four work about, but understood placid, chased she a cows. browsing She was jobs all the on power doing

part of the argument, in squirrel until refuge the a he found from year in and the farm,—year glances the chief cast a had hole; the enthralled she was toward by machines Records out. show

her. She entered tree. another a,bird song of a nearby from wagon doing old twelve years ten and and hid under a feather bed. the nectar She sucked from The the faithful new work. buy Why chief continued his lillies, of the demands searched ant and and stems or three every machines two finally dismounted berries. and diligently for ransacked thimble She a "Caterpillar"—years. Use

the Kirkman wagon, turning flung her slatted bonnet back from your lifelong friend.

everything topsyturvey, grunting her face as the morning grew his disgust at the escape of the warmer, and let the prairie wind squaw whom he had coveted. Firuffle her curls. She filled her Landes Tractor &

nally he rode delicately pockets vengeoff, vowing lined with ance. Gloria in remained assisted hiding to Equipment Co. her brother stones, and

all evening, and the crestfallen and drag a dead tree close to the trail236 West South Temple wiser Stephen assumed all the tasks so the train would find it and bring Salt Lake City of rearranging the disheveled wathe precious firewood into camp.

gon. But the incident was not She saw beauty in a line of buffalo

ended, and the captain of the comprofiled on a hill top. Finally

pany, wise to the ways of Indians, tiring, she sat down to await the mmmommmmma 626 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

fanned her curls and carried with couragement, and finally they came it a faint cry. A human voice, in sight of the trail and the apfaint, but unmistakably human: proaching ox train.

"Help!""Mother,"gasped Gloria, "I

black is not saved have a man. He fearfully about

like the red Kafirs; like the nor her first conCleaning & Dueing Ca her.GloriaIndians!glancedwas

clusion. Indians come to steal her. Indians. He is white. He is red

Every article which leaves Indians who loved red hair. Gloria with blood."

cried in her lifted fright, the aloud sudden willing Gentle, hands our shop is not only cleaned time breeze the and this in brought a wagon. a injured to a bed man

and refreshed but also guarlouder, more hopeful cry: "Help The captain had a slight knowlanteed free from objection-—I am hurt!"edge of surgery. Sage tea was

quickly prepared and hot drinks able odor of all cleaning maadministered. The man slept, and

terials. Indians did not talk later told his story.

that way, nor Kafirs. Perhaps one "I am Jonas Whitman from

of those negroes over whom the England. My wife and two sons

Mail orders handled carefully white men were foolishly fighting. are ahead in Captain Dread's comand promptly But somewhere there was a human, pany. Two days ago Indians stole

needing help. That hereditary four fine horses, and three of us reSalt power which urges all true Engturned to find them. I became

Lake's lishmen never to give up an underseparated from my companions,

Master taking came to her aid. The power and my horse stumbled in a badger Cleaners which had urged a grandfather hole and discharged my gun—

I thought and through the battle of Waterloo, guess into my shoulder.

Dyers that had turned her mother's face I was raving with fever when I westward, urged the child Gloria. caught a glimpse of her bright

She gave a loud Halloo and was curls, with the sunlight on them.

Call Hy. 65 answered with another faint cry, Then I called for help. The Lord

from farther up the creek. Flingsent her to me."He smiled his

444 East Second South St. ing away her bonnet, she hastened gratitude and ran a caressing hand

in the direction of the cry. Shortover the curls. Gloria thought his

ly she found a saddle bag, farther visionary, dreamy eyes were very on a canteen, then a gun. A little beautiful.

farther, and she came upon a prosPEWS trated, wounded man. His bloody shirt indicated a chest wound; his WHEN the party

camped for noon, Henry was much Pulpits lips were parched with fever. He

ture. "You were brave, Curly,"CHAIRS unablelay prostrateto move.on Hethe wascreektantalizbank, impressed with his sister's advenFolding, ingly near the stream, without he praised, and she felt repaid for

Kindergarten strength to crawl to it. the effort. Before the train started

of dust again, a whirl was noticed them, a light and Opera "Water, child,"he muttered. approaching and soon

Bank, Office, Church and Store "Water!"wagon drove into camp, horse Fixtures

Salt Lake Cabinet & seemedAfterwards,hazy as toGloria'show shememoryaccomdrawn.up. Had Twoanyoneworriedseen a man?men cameHe Fixture Company Street plished the feat. But having rewas slightly built, and wore a 32 Richards

Write us for prices vived the man with water, and shepherd plaid suit. His comtelling him of her train which panions had missed him; his wife

BE INDEPENDENT wouldurged himsoonto passcrawlontothethe trail,trail shebewasWhendistracted.they drove away with an

No Other Vocation So Profitable I fore they passed. She half carried improvised bed in the back of the

ENROLL NOW him, half dragged him down the wagon, Jonas Whitman stroked

For a Complete Course at the slight incline. He was slightly the red curls and gave her a benevobuilt and Gloria had a sinewy lent smile:

Qulsh School of Beauty Culture strength in her slender limbs and "Little girl, you were Heaven

The Best in the West arms. Frequent rests; much ensent. Only through your efforts

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH For Further Information and Catalog CalJ Wasatch 7560 or Fill in This Coupon The Improvement Era for August, 1931 627

am I restored to my family. May the smith his just bill. "Perhaps

your courage stay with you we can sell that silk,"she thought.

throughout your life, Crown of "Perhaps I could sell my gun,"THE NEW BOOK ENTITLED

Glory."volunteered Stephen.

The train arrived in Sa.lt Lake

PatCity September first. Captain the beautiful WlTH congratulatedterson all four and the Natural of silk pattern on her arm,

the Kirkman sons on their prowess English made gun over Stephen's and training for pioneer life. He shoulder, together they traveledpraised young Gloria for her bravfrom door to door. But money Government

ery. the reassured timid MarHe barter being hardly known, was by were that coyotesgaret Kirkman Finally exchange. of the means Stringham Benj. B. eating, Indians thatnot man shop. the smith's returned to did they

girls, off little carrynot always for silk your the have "You may Present to the Feasible Solution a life the living. wouldthat be worth too Outlines bill,"was Margaret Kirkman the and Distribution of Wealth Unequal pay "I cannot to cry. even weary

Situation Unemployment in money."you had two wagons 1 HE

fitted to fine a silk is not "So test, severe a butstood up under Delay Procure a Copy Without the smith this of pioneering,"land repairs. required wheelnow one

frank. "I but not unkind, was rolled the weakened StephenSo

for sturdy homespun my chilshop and need to a blacksmithwheel his mother went along, to do some dren's clothes. But I will take

wife at some can Perhaps my the part. as well.other shopping When

it. in Distributed by are a sister time wear You Kirkfinished, Margaretjob was

distress."her into voluminous reachedman COMPANY BOOK DESERET off six yards measured He she purse the for wherepocket Temple South East 44 hands, and his begrimed with five a precious hundred kepthad Utah City, Salt Lake cloth rejoiced the that was Stephen gold. indollars no She had had

occasion to use any of the money black. They returned to the night

since leaving Omaha, three months camp. Gloria and the boys had Price $1.50

could, the best they a meal and prepared astonishmentbefore. her To

left. still provisions of the few not there.grief, the purse was

eat, Margaret KirkShe felt in her other pocket. Too weary to

She hastily searched for a possible man sought the seclusion of her hole, but both pockets were sound. wagon and knelt in prayer. imtmmmyfflmrii

"Stephen"she called in terror—"Dear Lord,"she muttered,

is gone. "guide me to my lost purse.""my purse—our money

I have lost all our money. Fivehundred dollars. My pockets are l\S she rose to rejoin IMPORTANT

empty!"her family, a severe wind struck

sides canvas only return the wagon. The to camp A hasty

creaked, flapped; the conNOTICE consolation of symthe bows thebrought

tents search pocket of the wall friends.pathizing A hurried fell into The Joseph fm. Taylor with the Margaret a return wagon. Kirkman wagons,of the two

horse and cart to the scene of the reached to replace them. In the Mortuary

last camp fire gave only false hopes. bottom of one pocket she felt a Wishes to Announce to their Many

The money was gone. Their supleather pouch; it was heavy with Friends their Incorporation under

plies were practically exhausted. metal that clinked. In a flash she the Name of

There was not even sufficient funds remembered. When the Indians

to pay the blacksmith for his serhad tried to stampede the cattle, Joseph Wm. Taylor

vices. The hope of purchasing a she had transferred the money

home, of buying provisions, of from her dress to the wall pocket, Inc.

filing on land, all seemed vanished thinking it was safer. The high class efficient service will

and blasted. She stepped out to call the chilcontinue with the same personnel

"I have only that black silk dren. The air was unstirred and that assisted Mr. Taylor.

that is not cut,"with hope almost calm. No wind was rustling the

dead in her heart, Margaret Kirkcanvas of the other wagons. 125 No. Main Was. 7600

man wondered how she could pay (To be continued) "The cost is a matter of your own desire."

iwwimiww'wg-o i><lfl0-t Marguerite Taylor Lukey Pres. and Treas.

William C. Lukey

Vice Pres. and Mgr.

!l[IXtattttl

628 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

Foods for Health Frozen Desserts and Cooling, Drinks

CREAM [Continued from page 611]

That will Parfait Cooling Drinks

WHIP1 DARFAIT (perfect) so called beTOCTORS tell us that the average *—a causeparfaitof mayits smoothbe anyvelvetyflavor, textureand is **glassespersonof watershoulda day,drinkandfromthat6 peoto &

usually made by boiling a large cup ple who are active, especially in hot bottle of milk every of Not this sugar increase it weather, with should until amount. Y2 cup of water

suphandy brings you a threads, or consider stop to that forms ball a hard in cold When we will that 65% cream ply of

Clover the water. stiff whip. But is Beat consists of water, the the body eggs, of whites of 3 which

cream LeafHarris - top and slowly constantly passing beat in evaporating the and syrup. When just thatl bottle does

milk rich good, It takes cold 1 fold necessity readily see in the away, can pint we of very cream that cream produce of renewing the supply. whipped. water Flavor Some and in pack in stiffly rich whips—milkto

at c u is h all salt in butterfa take, the or ice and found but food in ice put we mechanical t—sextra

Milk. LeafHarris

as. several the greater portion box hours. taken be must bottle creamtop the CloverAnd

pour to easily enables you water, pure or water flavored and disdis- without off the cream guised as a beverage. the Maple Parfait of rest the turbing

milk. In cooling drinks weather hot are

will egg that yolks whip 4 Cream vefy refreshing necessary, very and but extra nothing you 1 cup maple syrup take Clover you eostswhen they be taken slowly, should never and I pint whipping cream Milk. LeafHarris Phone in great quantities as they meals with 1 today. tablespoon us cold water

Heat maple syrup in double boiler. are apt to chill the digestive organs,

and depress the nerve centers. the Beat yolks egg tablewater, spoon then. slowly into slightly—addstir them

the hot syrup. Cook, stirring continually Mint Punch

until mixture thickens. cold add When CloVerleafiHarris 1 leaves the Pick bunch from of mint stiffly cream, very ice whipped. in Pack

place in jar. glass and quart a 2 Add"let and salt stand or ice in a mechanical

1 */2 cup of sugar cold and water. of 1 cup several Ml[LKeaf*2177 hours. box WASATCH

jar Seal is until dissolved. sugar shake and

Frozen Custard Addraspberrythe juicejuice ofand6 lemons,1 cup red2 cupscurrantredPUTTING NEW ZEST I cups rich milk juice. Shake again, strain and chill. When

1 pint of sparkling ice. cracked IN LIVING 31/3eggscup sugar readywater, toandserve1 pintadd of

Modern diet hangs too many anchors on health. Pinch of stalt

can feel thrill the live,Yon drag. the but You 1 Pinmpple Punch tablespoon gelatin

is lacking.

hi cup cold water health,Vibrant upon radiant energy depend 1 large can shredded pineapple vanilla Y-2. teaspooninternal behavior. this nothing maintains And 2 of quarts waterinner cleanliness diet. perfectly so as proper teaspoon lemon 2

1 of sugar pound start afresh,To to use health, to work back gelatin in the the Soak cold water.

LactoDextrin. It cleanliness maintains inner oranges in a Heat the boiler. milk double Beat 4 drivingby out the putrefactive germs. 1 dozen lemons the yolks, sugar, egg add again, beat andLactoDextrin other Battle and SaniCreek 1 juice pint grape of white then Health into thetarium scalding Foods pour can be obtained the at milk—cook, sugar pineapple with Mix add water stirring constantly, until coats the mixture

the spoon. Add gelatin and stir until it and grated rind of 1 lemon and 1 orange.

stove boil Put for 5 on and minutes. Whew is dissolved. flavoring, in put molds Add I. Z. M. cool juice. add Strain orange and lemon salt ice cool and in C pack or when and

land juice, grape tee add and ready when FREE DIET ADVICE ice put in mechanical several for box ice. serve add # serve, hours. to a ready make WhenAt Battle Creek maintain a staff we of dietitians to advise you on any diet problem. Check meringue of the whites of the 3 eggs and

particularyour diet Spiced problem Lemonade the on coupon sugar and cover the powdered frozen pudbelow mail to and Ida Kain, Jean chief our / ding. Place under to flamedietitian. minute will She send you suggestions for 1 sugar cup

diet, individualyour without charge. Naturserve once. at and brown 2 cups waterally, no diagnosis of disease any will be

attempted. Consult your physician that. for 4 lemons

"Healthful Living,"Apple Cream helpful Cake most a writbook 1 peel Grated of lemonten leading by a nutrition expert will also be 3 cloves free.sent whole offer to This assist is fide you bona 2 thick cups sauce appleand obligation. without advice The 1 be stick inch may cinnamon

followed 1 with utmost confidence sugar cup whether you water, Boil peel, the sugar, cloves: lemonuse in the foods this not. or System salt of Pinch stick and for together cinnamon 5 mincake Plain utes. juice cool the add of 4 When

1 cream cup whipping MAIL COUPON strain. TODAY Chill lemons and and ready when

cold water cup Jean % Z.C.M.I.-l Kain 1 to serve cold pint of water add and

1 tablespoon gektin CO., IdaTHE BATTLE CREEK FOOD ice. cracked 1 pint of Battle Creek, Mich. 1 tablespoon juice lemon

avail myself of I want your Diet Free water. in cold Soak gelatin Heat Service. is the Loganberry and Grape Punch diet problem checked below. Myto

applesauce, Also add sugar send and and lemon juice copy of "Healthful Living."

Overweight Constipation Underweight juice loganberry 1 cup gelatin; the stir until then the soaked

Stomach (Check your Sour 1 is juice diet problem) gelatin cup grape dissolved. thoroughly When

Name, cool add the cream stiffly whipped. Have 3 pints of plain water

Address ready a fruitdish lined with slices of 1 cup lemon juice

City State plain cake, fill the center with mixture, 1 cup sugar and place in ice box 1 hour before serving. 1 pint sparkling water

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 629

Dissolve sugar in lemon juice, then ladd loganberry juice, grape juice and plain water. Chill, and just before serving add

the sparkling water. Pour over ice in

punch bowl or serve in tall glasses partly filled with ice.

Fruit Juice Whip Whip the white of 1 egg and add Fruit Jars and Caps it to 1 tablespoon of sugar. Add to MADE IN FOUR STYL.ES

this 2/3 juice, fruit cup of unsweetened and 1 teaspoon lemon juice, and 2/3 cup NATIONAL DISTRIBUTION THROUGH of ice water. Serve at once. RETAIL. STORES

ADAPTED TO ALL METHODS OP CANNING

Iced Postum

1 2 teaspoons postum.

%1 pintcup boilingsugar water 1 quart of rich milk dissolve Thoroughly the in postum are JARS of Crystal the KERR made Glaas and are boiling water the and add scalding milk equipped with Gold Enameled are which CAPS hot. Chill serve in and glasses with absolutely impervious to all acids. food

ice tablespoon of cream on whipSend for ped if cream talltop—orpreferred. used be FREE may on BOOKLETS HEALTH

and diluting Questions Tomato Cocktail 4 cups of tomato juice KERR GLASS MANUFACTURING CORP.

$4 teaspoon of salt Sand Spring, Oklahoma 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce Los Angeles, California Portland, Oregon 3 tablespoons lemon juice Paprika Put all ingredients together in glass jar, seal and shake. Thoroughly chill and

serve with cheese puffs, or toasted crackers INSURE cheese.and

Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

Cold Consomme

people care for hot in soup"CEW weather, <* summer is but a INSURE soup nourishing dish and when jellied and Your animals while in transit to market.

served very cold is delicious on a hot day. are There now on the market Let us quote you rates. satisfactory verysome consomme

powders, also canned soup stock, so that making jellied consomme is asimple matter. HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

4 cups soup stock 20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah 2 tablespoons lemon juice 2 tablespoons of gelatin Grated peel of 1 lemon Small bit of onion Dash of cayenne Salt TEMPLE BRAND Soak the gelatin in 1 cup of cold soup stock. Heat the other 3 cups of stock

and add lemon juice, grated lemon rind seasoning.and gelatin soaked to Add GARMENTS Of superior quality and workmanshipthe stir hot mixture until dissolved. and

for manufactured the asideSet place to cool ice in then chest SALT LAKE KNITTING STOREuntil chilled. thoroughly in Serve bouildefying competition. orderingAnd sold at prices When from uslon sprinkling cups finely with of chopped remember Postage Pay We

parsley top. on Care to taken should be LADIES FOR FOR MEN

No. No. cold a delicatehave jelly, consomme much

.90..$ 703 Flat 600 Fine Quality Weave Stripe J1.40less firm gelatin. salad than

719 1.20 610 Light Ribbed Ribbed Weight Light 1.20 SilkWt

1.35 792 Quality 602 Fine Cotton Extra Fine Quality 1.35

1.85 Silk Lisle 751 Fine 614 Med. Ex. Wt. Quality 1.50 August Tomatoes 711 1.40 Silk Stripe 635 Med. Men's Wt Proof Mesh.... Run Rayon 1.95

1.20 749 663 Quality Cotton Fine Med. Heavy Unbleached Cotton.. 1.75

664 762 1.00 NonRun Rayon Med. Heavy Wt. Cotton 1.75 are usually at theirHOMATOES 1.95 717 680 Crepe Rayon DeChine Extra Heavy Unbleached 2.25

715 Quality -1- best in 1.95 Super 651 Silk Rayon August, likely are they Lisle to 1.85

720 Quality Fine 1.75 Rayon.... 620 NonRun Fine Quality NonRun 2.50 acidbecome later and watery on. ToGarments 15c; Request, Marked for Silk, Upon Cotton 25c asmatoes prepared the faccanning by for Extra Charge Sizes over 46 20%

tories are satisfactory very unless and to not fail specify Do if for or Old Style New and or also Man Woman, state if long sleeve, or short short or long legs is arethere wanted. Give accurate over an kitin production Bust the Measurement,

Height Weight. and Samples Sent Request. Upon it ischen garden a waste of time and

energy to do canning. home But SALT LAKE KNITTING STOREthere is a preparing of the "salad way 70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH cup'tomato for winter use that may

630 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

be of interest to people who are unTomatoes put up in this way keep able to buy fresh tomatoes during the perfectly. The tomato cups are very

winter months. nice as salad containers and really have

Select smooth tomatoes, all about a better flavor than many of the fresh the same size. Skin and cut a thin tomatoes that are shipped in during

slice off the flower end; remove the winter. The juice and pulp in the

seeds and. pulp, being careful not to jars can be used in sauce or soups.

break the walls of the inside partitions.

To every cupful of pulp and seed add Tomato Preserves

V2 cup water and put altogether in a large cooking vessel, place over the Tomatoes if preserved by themselves fire, and bring to a boil. Put the empty have rather a "sickish"taste, but when

tomato cups or shells into this boiling lemons and oranges are added they mixture, cover closely and continue to make an unusual and tasty sweet.

New recipes for cold boil slowly 15 minutes. Have ready

drinks, salads, nourishing the Skin and chop glass jars, thoroughly wide mouthed tomatoes—about foods summer cupfuls, the add chopped pulp of 2... in the cleaned the to- 6 and heated. Remove

convenient, 1 84page, looselarge large oranges lemon. and Cut shells, the one mato one cookby from

leaf Sego cook peel the the hook. into thin oranges of and lemon vessel jars, place ing in bethe and for free Write s'ices, copy. Sego until boil cover water with and

fill ing careful to the then crowd, not Milk Salt Co., Products peel tender. the Drain cooked and add

jar to juice the the top pulp; with and City. Lake to mixture. the tomato, orange lemon and

silver a knife inside run the around of of mixture add of cup To every % cup Sego Musical Menus jar the to there are be sure no air a slowly to sugar. boil, and Bring cook

Popular music, and pockets, then seal. for about 2 hours, stirring frequently.

Miss Barbara Badger, Sego Milk Home Serv- -*KfgJgt$*- ice Department. Daily

except Sunday, 10 to 10:15 a. m. KDYL.

Facing, Life

[Continued from page 582]

books which lead into this month's hobby was pole vaulting. Pitchobjectives. He summarizes each ing hay was that summer a genuweek what he has really done in ine pleasure. Not merely a job

the realization of. his program. I could see two achievements be-

"Even if I don't do all I've set out yond throwing piles of hay. One

to do,"he said, "it's a great game—money toward the realization of to set it all up and see how much a college degree; two—the devel-

I can really knock over."oping of arm strength, one of the

'"PHEBefore Fall keys to progress in pole vaulting. * drudgeryspirit ofouttheofgameroutine.takes Letthe Ilifelongcan hear friendthe observationand neighbor,of my

me close this chapter with one of Win, H. Haigh, now:

Plan Fall Painting thelectionsmost ofvividmyandlife.satisfyingIt relatesrecolto you"Adam,enjoy it."you pitch 'hay as if

the experiences of one of the I did. It was a game. And

doing farm work to earn money challenge of achievement——of perBENNETT'S summers in my college life. I was every job since has been. I like the toward meeting the school year's petual growth—an ever new toexpenses. At that time my athletic morrow.

'mm, Instance/ Embers

[Continued from page 606] Jubilee HomePAINT PRODUCTS in sight of Tyson's home where TfHE see five with years could Davidson coming Mrs. ago. was we We

... long preferred for the decoration the still talk pacing her bags achievewraps and of it, of the and

and protection of all surfaces, interior and porch impatiently. ments of Hank Davidson. And

exterior.

As we turned in at the drivenow we have something new to

Manufactured and sold by way, Hank, as if speaking to himtalk about.

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO. self more than to me, uttered the Hank has never been back to

SALT LAKE CITY words that have been repeating Norton since the Homecoming, but days ago learned a few that we over and over in my Idaho themselvesDealers throughout Utah, southern left young Dave Kimbar had town days. few mind the last States and Neighboring to to go study in and the work

"Jim, I'd give the world for a Davidson Laboratories of Research son like that!"there in New Jersey.

The Improvement Era for August, 1931 631

Fay Lawler, Tenderfoot The Utah High [Continued from page 603] School of Beauty ance. could not count; got a collar Red you broken He bone and Culture snapping aBeelzebub his jaws was head,"banged his father up went

shut every time he opened them. on, and Fay could hear the emo331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake

Red Beelzebub flashed past the tion in his voice. "Says you got Learnyou independenta profession forthat wouldthe restmakeof

grandstand. In one fleeting glimpse a sprained ankle, too."your life. Write for catalog.

Fayface—drawn,caught sightanxious.of his father's say."ThatSomethingall?"Fayhurtmanagedfearfullyto Mail this Coupon.

Suddenly Red Beelzebub went somewhere, but he was determined Name..

into reverse, spinning like a top to carry the thing off for his faAddress backwards. felt himself Fay over City

provide. board to and room We canting farther off balance. He fought soon—gethundred—get-—them.ther's sake.But"I'llthat of students out town.

for equilibrium. He must not lose! His voice was stopped by his faFor a moment he set his spurs ther's hand which had been placed

firmly in the cinch to steady himgently over his lips. He smiled

self. up at his Dad.

Then remembering Breezy's fine "Forget it,"Franklin Lawler ofexhibition he sportsmanship, smiling back, commanded, and loosened his spurs, to could see that his eyes swung them moist. were Fay Distinctive 1

Beelzebub's shoulders. He would "We got to get you patched up,

rather be thrown than win by somehow."

means of a poor ride. The horse "I'm all right—Dad,"Fay saidresponded. What had seemed to when he could, on account of theFay a hurricane sank, in comparilump in his throat which his faTYPE

son with what followed, to a ther's eyes had brought there.

pleasant gale. The horse went mad A half hour later, bandaged inas he flew into the air—legs stiff a half dozen places and smelling FACESand straight—outspread! Nostrils strongly of disinfectants, Fay

gleaming, eyes striking fire! Lawler was wheeled into a ward. Correct in Style for

Red Beelzebub came down with His father had left to get a drink a roar that shook the earth, then from the fountain in the hall beshot skyward again with that pelow.

culiar twist on his rear legs that As Fay lay looking up at the Societywas his best trick. Fay felt himceiling wondering how much of

self little gone! fool he was and of Christian how he loosen—knew

to balance in never get back affair,He could been a and had the whole again. He decided to go, if go he familiar voice broke in upon his

must, as Breezy had done—like a reverie.

professional buckaroo. He rolled "See who's here?"Commercialhis spurs over Beelzebub's heaving

ribs. The horse became suddenly

steel springs. He rocked and Jr AY turned his headswayed and rolled all at the same and found himself gazing into the Printing

time and in a single flash. Suddeneyes of Breezy Lyons. The cowly the saddle slipped from between boy was also swathed in bandages

Fay's knees and he found himself lying on an adjacent cot.

floating through space. "Got yu, too, did he?"Breezy

Then there was a crash-—-a milasked. "The old sunfishin'son See our specimens of

of a gun!"Modern Weddinglion stars—and—darkness! 'Yeah,"answered. Fay To Invitations

like he seemed me a Kansas tornado crossed with a grizzly bear. Just WiHEN Fay Lawler

next opened his eyes he found himplenty rough!"

self lying among the white sheets "How many jumps did yu of a hospital cot. Over him leaned stick?"

his father he and Fay raised his hand to his ban- a man whom The Deseret doctor. head.took daged to be the grinned He

feebly up at his Dad. "Don't know—but you win, afraid—"Was—News Press dred gone!was regardless.dollars—don'tYou'll getworry."the hunTried—tothestick—buthundred

I Breezy frowned. count."lost—the

"Say, do the money,"his "Never mind yu know who I am?"29 Richards Street

father said, seemingly from a very he asked in a peevish tone. Salt Lake City

great distance, but the words "Yeah, why?"Fay countered.

sounded good to Fay. "Doc says "I'm champion buckaroo of this?**

632 The Improvement Era for August, 1931

are It was Breezy's turn to scratch country—or was. ChampionsWINNING NEW not ten centers."his head.

Users Every Day that?""And Faywhat'sasked,the surprisedmeaning ofat sponded."Don't git"I yu,don'tbrother,"know hemuchreBreezy's tone. about Jesus—alius thought he was

'That your Dad will pay me kind of a sissy."

no hunderd. Champions don't Fay rose and faced the cowboy.

collect merely because they kin, "Jesus a sissy! Boy, you don't

but because they win. I didn't know him, then!"he cried. "He

win."had courage, I can tell you, but

"Of course you won,"Fay rehe handled it like a—a—man—plied. "You rode him better than was about to say—a God!"

I did.""Don't matter,"Breezy said.

"I might a won—countin'the "I'm sorry jumps—but I lost the count and foot. Yuh'reI calledgame,youanda tender-a guy

was piled. Red Beelzebub won."that's game is okay with Breezy

"Tenderfeet can pay when they Lyons. Yu can alius depend on

can't make good,"Fay answered. the game ones. Say, what's yuhr

"I bragged about what I was going name?"

it."Fay's Fay Grinned. to do and—didn't do

voice trembled. He felt that he "My name's Lafayette Lawler "You had made Lawler, Copper Globe,—Fay a tenderentirely were Utah."himselfright—Iridiculous.am

foot."shake, to alius wanted "Then remonBreezy "Aw shucks!"exclaimed. Breezy go to Utah,"

strated. "Yuh're no tenderfoot. Wilford "My name's hawse. that a tried tenderfoot'd No alius call me Breezy—from to he done me a boys seein'what After everywhere nowhere."and yet. runnin'a been tenderfoot'dCONOCO Lyons—the out Fay held a might be yu can't kid me; YuGERM PROCESSED skypilot, a bank robber or even right was in bandages.his left hand;Breezyhis

PARAFFIN BASE just a darned good cowboy, but grasped it.

yuh're no tenderfoot."

countered. so?"that "Is Fay opened door and OIL TeHEMOTOR it comes tenderfoot when no "I'm in. Franklin Lawler came was He been true that's horses, to—overgrinning. evidently had He rid- I have them. on brought up conversation. heard of the some Index to Advertisers I today, but did better than den genially, said "so he "Well,"

there. But here nor that's neither Battle Creek Food Co. (Z. C. this is the cowboy who won the been try- I've years 628 listen; for two M. I.) is it? dollars, hundred

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. ing to preach tlpe cfcctrine of Chris-

, Outside Back Cover tianity; I been trying to tell people "Dad, this is Breezy Lyons,"

Bennett Glass ft Paint Co 630 about Jesus and what he would Fay broke in. "He's always wanted

to see leaving He's he says. Utah, Brigham Young University circumstance; or that this under 600601 do us as soon Globe Copper with a cowboy and for comes along then

looked over Clover LeafHarris Dairy 628 I fly back to Old Testament reacas he can travel—"he 632 Oil Company his Continental friend—"aren't toward new heart in I revenge got tions. my 631 Press Deseret you, News Breezy?"get even; I to wanted right away.

ft 629 J. Co Heber Grant, his shifted in to get Breezy bed fight someway, you to I wanted College 624 Business Henkger a at better look Franklin Lawler. wouldn't Jesus you. embarrass to 629 Glass Mfg. Co Kerr I bet he answered, am,""Yu I things. those of a done any

ft Equipment Tractor Landes is, it's if "that okay."the pinch; in fell him on down 625 Co.

Franklin nodded. Lawler a Institute 625 I am American North

tenderfeet just such "I need two tenderfoot—yet."talkin'plum Ute to "Yuh're Culof Beauty Quish School

ture 626 me."Breezy was leaning on his as you jFor the Sin Dad country,"

Regal Cleaning ft Dyeing Co. 626 elbow looking earnestly at Fay. he said. "Now you fellas dry up

Salt Lake Cabinet ft Fixture "What would Jesus a done?"and start gettin'well."

Co. 626 "Jesus was no tenderfoot,"Fay

Salt Lake Knitting Co 629 exclaimed enthusiastically. "There

Stringham, Benjamin B. (Des. was a Man for you. He'd a said, TF time be of all things most pre630 Sego Company Milk that said * cious, I am have calmly: 'You the wasting time be must 627 Co.) Book

it?'of He greatest a tenderfoot, prodigality, since what and lost time 627 Joseph Taylor, Wm. Inc University of Utah had mastered his feelings—his is never found again; and what we

Inside Front Cover pride. He had the power of percall time enough always proves litUtah High School of Beauty

Culture 631 fect poise. He'd a handled the tle enough. Let us then be up and

Utah Oil Refining Company - situation just as you handled Red doing, and doing to a purpose;

Inside Back Cover Beelzebub. Gosh, you made a so by diligence shall we do more

beautiful ride!"with less perplexity. Franklin.

mooth.CAREFREE MILES/

Yes, there is a difference.'Fill up with PEP 88 purity—the cleanest oil you can put in your crankGASOLINE—then drive over steep hills, across open case. VICO provides instant lubrication to the vital

stretches, through busy traffic. You'll notice the parts of your motor and protects it against the inquicker starting1—the better pickup—and the smooth, tense heat of summer driving.

rhythmic power of this extra processed motor fuel! Get the most out of your summer driving. Buy

VICO MOTOR OIL is the partner in power of PEP PEP 88 and VICO at any station in the intermountain 88 GASOLINE. It is superrefined for carbonfree territory displaying the familiar circle sign.

Manufactured and guaranteed by UTAH OIL REFINING CO., Salt Lake City

i.i—MTiiiinnwMBBMMBMMmiiwMWTiwrrir """

PROTECT your FUTURE

IVILIZATION has made human life Invalues as they are, and in case of loss, to creasingly safe. From the efforts of the replace their worth without economic dispioneers at selfpreservation we have proturbance.

gressed to the protection of life values and Make the uncertain certain. Let a repreproperty values. The main purpose of the sentative of the Big Home Company show

great business of insurance is to protect you a plan fitted to your family's needs

INSURANCE CO BENEFICIAL Lake City UKHome Office—Salt

HEBER J. GRANT. President E. T. RALPHS, General Manager

DOES YOUR LIFE INSURANCE MONEY STAY AT HOME?