33k<

if,

.3* Kill

The Veil—Human Abuses

PROF. N. L. NELSON

Home Beautification PROF. L. S. MORRIS

Science Leads to God DR. MICHAEL PUPIN

The Hell Cumorah henry smith Dave Rust, Lover of Grand Canyon prof. h. r. merrill

In Old Camp Floyd PROF. P. V. CARDON

-m Gibbs'Boy B&YJ& rV:-i-rc'''iVfVtfViYM Story—Gentile

ELSIE C. CARROLL

attiityiiinfiinirifhifiiiTt's:

?$ mSWS MTOm imm'sm Asm* wmm

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $50.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1ST

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

Lindbergh Succeeded Because He Was Prepared

Prepare at the L. D. S. Business College

And Succeed ENROLL ANY MONDAY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Utah's OldesT: Mercantile

Establishment

Greatest Assortments of Household Furnishings in Every Price Class

Only Newest Patterns and Colorings Will be Found on Our Display Floors

Remember You Always Pay Less at

ESTABLISHED 185?

DlNWOODEY*S""GOOD FURNITURE

"HOO? HOO?"

The Grocer's Special Trains are Calling

Whoo? whoo's coming on board for the Thirtysecond National

Convention of Retail Grocers at Portland, Oregon? Business and

pleasure combined! Special trains from all important centers, and

special rates'too. Stop offs at all the great sights of America on the

way!

All the places you've wanted to see!

All the jolly good fellows you've wanted to meet! Your fellow

grocers want to meet you!

Attend the convention! Meet the National President, John Coode!

Hear the important business talks! Take part in them!

There are side trips too (one to Alaska) and more sights on the way home. enjoy the process! Remember the Become a better grocer—and

dateJune 24 to 27!

Write to your local Transportation Chairman. He will give you

all the information you want on reservations, itineraries, etc.

Compliments of The Fleischmann Company Fleischmann's Yeast Diamalt Service Arkady

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $49.50 Will Save the

Average Family $1,000.00

HOW?

By joining the Deseret Mortuary membership.

Your contract and our ability to serve is backed by over one hundred twenty thousand dollars in assets and reserves.

Our Motto is "SERVICE ABOVE ALU

Ask Any Family We Have Served

Deseret Mortuary Co We Have no Competitors

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2 IMPROVEMENT ERA APRIL, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

- - - Frontispiece Easter Morning - - - Orson F. Whitney 445 ELECT OF ELOHIM. A POEM

- - - N. L. Nelson 447 The Veil: Its Uses and Abuses

- - - Michael Pupin 45 7 Science Leads Us Closer to God - - L. S. Morris 461 Home Beautification. Illustrated

Forbearance. A Poem Samuel B. Mitton 465....- - Dr. Franklin S. Harris 466 Lessons from Common Things

CUMORAH Henry Smith 468 - Harrison R. Merrill 471 Dave Rust, Lover-.-...-of the Grand Canyon

- - - - - P. V. Cordon 474 Old Camp Floyd

Food Industries Preparing Defense Against Cigarette Propaganda 479 - - - Elizabeth L. Otis 480 AN "IF"FOR GIRLS. A POEM

Waterton Lakes Park, Alberta, Canada. Illustrated - H. C. Singer 481

The Family of Jonathan Heaton. Illustrated - Elsie C. Carroll 484

THE LAW OF LIFE. a. C. Lambert 490

It Does Not Pay! A Poem....- - - David Horton Elton 492

THE MARTYRDOM. A STORY - - Brigham S. Young 493

GENTILE GIBBS'BOY. FIRSTPRIZE STORY - Elsie Chamberlin Carroll 497

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated - - - - 502

Editor's - - - - - 510 Table—Is There a Remedy?

- - - - - - - Priesthood Quorums -512

Conversion. A Poem Amy McClure 521 Mutual Work.... 522 Church Events --...-.. - - - - - - - - 531

APRIL. A POEM - Elsie Peterson 532

Entered at the Pott Office, Salt Lake City. Utah, at secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of pottage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July Z, 19 It.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

is not afraid to say so. Attention The Veil—Its Human Abuses, the and

second article on the subject by Prof. is called to his article on Germs, a con-

N. L. Nelson, is one which will stimtinuation of the series "Lessons from

ulate thought. The danger of atCommon Things."

tempting to peek through the veil is In Old Camp Floyd is an interesting clearly set forth and in a manner which account and tribute from the pen of makes interesting reading. Prof. P. V. Cardon, of the Agricul-

A large number of writers respondtural College.

ed to the Era's invitation and submitCumorah, by Henry Smith, gives an ted short stories in competition for the account of what is being done to beauprizes which were recently offered. So tify the historic hill, the ownership of

numerous and of such excellent qualwhich was recently acquired by the ity were ithe contributions that the Church.judges'task was no easy one. A

majority of those to, whom the Can you answer these:

stories were submitted agreed that Who wrote The Fringe of the "Gentile Gibbs'Boy,"written by Mrs. Moslem World? Page 523.

Elsie Chamberlain Carroll, of Provo, What did Dr. G. Stanley Hall think

should be given first place. The prize of spiritual seances? Page 448.

story will be found in this number of What are some of the results of a the Era. The second prize was awarded violated veil? Page 455.

to Frank C. Steele, Lethbridge, CanaWhat is a ouijaboard? Page 454.

da, for the story entitled "The soul of What do you know about the

John Dillon."This will appear in "Israel of the Alps?"Page 475.

the May number. Several other stories Under whose direction was the Gosof those submitted in this contest will pel taken to the Piedmont region of

be retained and will appear during the Italy? Page 474.

current volume. The Era congratuWho is Michael Pupin, and what is

lates the contestants on the quality of his attitude toward religion? Page 457.

their productions. What useful part do germs play in

Home Beautification, by L. S. Morthe life of plants and of human beings?

ris, horticulturist at the B. Y. U., is Page 466.

a timely article which deserves to be In what way are they detrimental?

widely read. To have attractive homes Page 467.

is almost an essential part of our reWhat are the food industries doing ligion, and Era readers will be inspired to checkmate the tobacco advertising?

to make an improvement in that diPage 479.

rection after reading this article. What is the Church doing to beauRead Dr. Pupin's story, taken from tify the Hill Cumorah? Page 468.

the Reader's Digest. To those whose

faith in the Creator is beginning to The librarian of Congress, Washwaver because of seeming contradicington, D. C, writes the Era that the

tions between science nd religion, this library is short the September, 1927, positive statement should act as a safe number. As this cannot be supplied

anchor. from our files, we shall be glad to hear

Dr. Franklin S. Harris is another from anyone who has this number

scientist who believes in the Almighty and can furnish the library with it.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII APRIL, 1929 No. 6

The Veil: Its Uses and Abuses

By Professor N. L. Nelson

II. ITS HUMAN ABUSES

a previous article, it was maintained that the power to lookINbehind the Veil is innate in every child of God sent to this lower world to finish his divine education; but that it is an

occulted or static faculty, and one evidently intended by our Father in heaven to remain dormant during earth life, save as he himself quickens it, in prophet or seer, to put over the mortal horizon some message for the good of mankind. At the same time, so it was also

pointed out, he does not leave us without guide in the darkness of mortality; some light, some echo, some infinite refrain, of the life

that was and the life that is to be, gets across or through the Veil to each of us.

Respecting the life that was, situations constantly arise which are apparently new, yet strangely familiar; faces, voices, ideas, seem

to stir up, as it were, memories of that previous life. As Zion's poet

has said: "Yet ofttimes a secret something

Whispered, 'You're a stranger here,'

And I felt that I had wandered

From a more exalted sphere."

The same sort of submerged reminiscence led the poet Wordsworth to exclaim:

"Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting;

The soul that rises with life's star us—our

Hath had elsewhere its setting

And cometh from afar.

Not in entire forgetfulness, And not in utter nakedness, But trailing clouds of glory do we come

From God, who is our home."

Outside the glimpses we obtain in scripture, the Veil in the

East (preexistence)has had few interpreters, though many have done violence to it.

April. 1929448 IMPROVEMENT ERA

But as to the Veil in the West (afterlife existence) into which the life sun of every man and woman is scheduled to set, the world is full of interpreters. Books by the thousands essay to reveal the

mysteries that lie beyond. Shakespeare's "bourne from whence no

traveler returns"has long been discredited as ancient heresy: the

dead now step out of seance cabinets and mingle with the crowd.

Thus it comes about that from the crude spiritrappings on western parlor tables, up through the night circles of psychic science delvers, to the profound searchings of yogi and mahatma in oriental schools of mysticism, the Veil is no longer the modest yet marvelous curtain which a loving Father intended should at once conceal from vulgar curiosity and reveal to loving faith and trust; but is instead a tattered and violated screen, through which are disclosed

alas, what sounds of bedlam in the spirit world! what sights to terrify and disgust! what babblings of imbecility to make the listener long

for eternal oblivion! "I have been present at a few seances,"said Dr.

G. Stanley Hall, "and if what I heard there be fair samples of the

human intelligence that survives the grave, then I pray for annihilation.

The purpose of this second paper is to justify further the divine uses of the Veil, as set forth in a previous article, by showing in contrast some of the evils resulting from abuses. These latter

are to be found variously named; as in demoniac possession, in

the controlled exercise of the divine gift of tongues, in spurious revelations, in the seeing of ghosts and apparitions, in the hearing of spiritvoices, (clairaudience), in looking through the Veil into the spiritworld (clairvoyance), in the evil tendency of ouijaboard communications, in tablerapping circles, in spiritseances, in spiritwriting, and in other similar devices; wherein, not improbably, this

world and the next may overlap to the detriment, and often the positive danger, of credulous and unwary sojourners in the here and now.

In the previous article it was suggested that the pendulum of human interest, which for three generations has swung in the direction of purely natural phenomena, is now on the turn. It does not

follow, however, that it will swing toward the spirituality of true religion; the signs rather indicate that it will attempt to explore the

hidden world to its last mystic labyrinth, through the violations of the Veil as above indicated.

Appreciating this probability, Elder O. F. Whitney has set

forth in an admirable series of articles, what the Lord has revealed for our guidance respecting the afterlife world. The purpose of

this article is to impress the same general lesson from another point of view. "To be forewarned, is to be forearmed."

April. 1929 THE VEIL: ITS USES AND ABUSES 449

And since the dangers attending these bypaths to the Beyond can be appreciated only by knowing some further details about them,

I shall be pardoned if I draw upon facts accumulated by the Society for Psychic Research, as well as from the findings of other serious investigators, in further elucidation of the teachings of revelation.

First as to the fact of Death. It is not death at all, in the sense

of cessation for a time of our mental faculties; on the contrary, it

is perhaps a swift rebound into a wider, deeper, truer life life—into

than was possible on earth, especially in a wornout, decrepit body.

Fullgrown, alert, clearminded, emotional, free from bodily suffering, the released spirit may not improbably move about for a time in the very room where its late body lies, and mingle with the sorrowing occupants, quite as if it were one among them. For

the fact of death dawns but slowly on one who has passed on, and comes, when it does come, partly no doubt from looking at its late but now useless even from being a listener at the tenement—perhapsfuneral and a spectator at the mainly because it has grave,—but

itself become impalpable to its late earth companions. Strive as it

may to put over words of cheer and comfort, or tender embraces, it perceives that no impression whatever is made on its loved ones.

It is behind the Veil!

Terror might now easily overtake terror of loneliness it—the

in an infinite universe from the fact that the other side of 1—save

the Veil is more populous than this, and that consequently the newcomer is met by relatives and by its guardian angel friends—perhaps give to it its new orientation.—who

Secondly, as to the continuance of the laws of growth and development. Evidently the spirit does not lose any power essential

to progress, by reason of death. It is still free to obey or disobey,

to live in harmony with, or in violation of, the commandments of

God. If, therefore, a spirit on this side may waste time peeping

through the Veil, a spirit on the other side may equally waste time looking in this direction. Moreover, that communication has actually been established by means of spiritmediums need not, it seems

to me, admit of serious doubt. That such communication often

takes place irrespective of mediums seems equally tenable. Indeed,

if devils, the lowest or least advanced forms of intelligence, exercise this kind of agency among men, as witnessed by numerous instances in scripture, why should we take the attitude that God denies a similar agency to disembodied spirits?

Such terror does in fact overtake the spirit which awakes in the new world without faith;

the spirit whose inner nature is atrophied or paralyzed, as it were, by the stagnation due to indifference or infidelity during earth life. Such a spirit awakes in a world of darkness; whence

may follow "weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth."But the spirit to whom the veil

was a guide in life awakes in a world of greater light. For in that world, "they need no light

of lamp, neither light of sun, for the Lord God shall give them light."(Rev. 22:5.)

April. \9i9450 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In this connection, it may be pointed out that spirits do not continue the form, bearing, and dress of earthlife, but merge into the ranks and fashions of their new habitat. Infants do not continue

in infant form, but stretch out again, as it were, to their preexistent fulness of stature, albeit of a fainter texture and tenuity than those who are more mature when they pass; the old and infirm, who on

this side totter as it were to the grave, rebound there into the youth and beauty of vigorous manhood and womanhood.

How, then, when it come our time to pass on, and the departed shall meet us on the other shall we recognize them as the side—how

loved ones we laid away?

On the earthplane, our rigid garment of clay makes it fairly difficult for us to change our appearance very greatly; but in the

afterworld, a spirit may, so it would seem, assume at will any stage of its previous earth life, with the very appearance of clothes worn at the time, including the peculiarities of personal bearing and mental traits. How this power to create by act of will any shape that fills

the imagination makes for deception in seance communication and materialization will be discussed later in this paper.

Thirdly, as to the persistence of law and order. That the

hereafterworld is an organized world, and much more perfect indeed than this one, seems to me a just inference from three considerations:

first, the law of eternal progress, which acts upon all intelligences, would inevitably result in organization, and could in fact be promoted only by organization; secondly, the fact that the church of

the church been operating behind Firstborn—the triumphant—has

the Veil for thousands of years, could result in nothing less than a perfection in social order and classification of which we can scarcely conceive; and thirdly, an organized spiritworld is surely implied

in the "third heaven"of paradise to which Paul refers*; for

if there be a third heaven, corresponding to the Celestial glory, then there must be also a second and a first, corresponding respectively to a Terrestrial and Telestial glory, and also a Hades, which might correspond to a noglory or notorganized state.

It would hardly admit of doubt, then, that the released spirit moves itself upward or downward by virtue of onward—classifies

its own inner affinity. Paradise is evidently that state and place

to any forwardlooking soul, where it finds correspondence; the

point at which it can effectually catch frontier of eternal on—its

progress, as it were. Hades is probably the scriptural name for a

similar, but negative, correspondence to the drifting soul; the point

at which the good, the beautiful, and the true, do not pursue it to its discomfort and annoyance.

2See II Cor. 12:2.

April, 1929 THE VEIL: ITS USES AND ABUSES 451

This general scheme of the next world, as foreshadowed by scripture, is substantially the arrangement of the hereafter as found by psychic research. Spirits eager to learn and advance, or imbued as

we should say with the spirit of eternal progress, soon leave the earthplane and move outward to that spiritual sphere where they can be most happy; which to us can signify only the zone of new

growth, new truthperception, new achievement, whence alone comes real felicity; for "Man is,"says the Lord, "that he may have joy,"

and no better formulation of the law of eternal progress than this could possibly be made.

But what of the derelicts, the drifters, the wrecks, moral and physical, of whom scripture says, "He which is filthy let him be filthy still."These are earthbound souls by the spirits—stranded

until repentance shall turn them again toward spiritmillions—who,

ual growth, wander over the earthplane and linger about the places that claimed their earthly love; the miser near his hoard, the worshiper of mammon in the whirlpools of trade gambling, the immoral man in houses of ill fame, the drunkard in the saloon, and so

on; all trying to feel by ghostly propinquity a little of the illicit

thrill of sensuality that earthlife once afforded them. Clairvoyants,

i. e., spirit mediums who can see on the spiritual plane, declare that

haunts of vice and crime are literally packed by these spirithulks, and that the impure atmosphere of such places is due even more to their low, unsatisfied desires, than it is to the influence of the mortal habitues.

If then we would know in a word the true essence of spiritualism, as it is now on tap in ten thousand seancecircles throughout the world, we have it here suggested in the nature of the spiritcorres- pondents on the other side; souls that gave themselves over to mere

sensation while on earth, and having formed no "hunger and thirst after righteousness"or things of eternal progress, are consequently obtuse to the spiritual promptings which call their fellowspirits to higher spheres of achievement. Such souls are in what hell—for

better characterization is there of hell than wanting to and can't?

Out of hell they are reaching earthward, eager to feel again the low sensations to which they gave their lives. Spiritseances furnish

the opportunity. They are consequently ever on hand to squeeze

unto the bodies, and control the mental powers of mediums.

Such is the explanation, by psychic research scientists, of the low moral tone and intellectual drive characterizing the utterances of ninetynine out of every hundred halfway clearinghouses between this world and the next."This explains no less clearly the

'This estimate still admits of one per cent for spiritvisits and spiritcommunications actuated by motives of love and service. In this class belong the many instances wherein

i929452 IMPROVEMENT ERA to*.

gradual coarsening and moral degeneracy characteristic of most spiritmediums themselves.

For, next to low sensual desires, mendacity is the quality oftenest detected in these spirit communications. No matter what departed

person may be called or grandsire, relative, friend, or foe for—child

spirit within hailing distance is ready to assume the part;—some

often in such detail of dress, voice, bearing, and circumstantial happenings, as to deceive completely the sitter. It would not be an

extraordinary stunt at all for a thousand mediums scattered throughout the world to call up and interview the shade, say, of Napoleon at one and the same instant of time!

Nor is the intrusion of such influences into our lives the only penalty of tampering with the Veil: evil spirits of the brood of

Lucifer are also next to earthplane, not only distilling their malevolent ideals into every negative heart, but actually seeking to experience what their primal sin deprived them of forever; viz, a

habitation in the second, or mortal estate.

Demoniac possession may be glossed over in psychology and medicine under a harmless name; but the awful reality of it is too

well attested, not only in scripture, but in latterday experience, to doubt its possibility, as another of the terrors of a violated Veil.

Sporadic instances of what one may well suspect to be cases of such possession are no doubt known to most seriousminded readers of this magazine; but the history of mankind, since the days when

Jesus cast out devils, is not wanting in accounts of widespread attacks of similar, if not the same, dire evils; and numerous modern

instances are to be found in connection with the frenzy often characterizing religious campmeetings.

"At no time,"writes McMaster 4 of the 17991800 revival in

Kentucky, "was the 'falling exercise'so prevalent as at night. Nothing was then wanting that could strike terror into minds weak,

timid and harassed. The red glare of campfire reflected from hundreds of tents and wagons, the dense blackness of the flickering

shadows, the darkness of the surrounding forest, made still more terrible by the screams and groans of the spiritually wounded, who had fled to it for comfort; the entreaty of the preachers; the sobs

and shrieks of the downcast * * * were too much for those

departed loved ones return to the earthplane to extend comfort or warning; also the visits of

ancestors whose eternal progress is halted until work in the temple is done for them. In this

same group must, it seems to me, be placed the motives of the beautiful spirit who for three years collaborated with Sir William Crookes in psychic experiments designed to rekindle faith in life beyond the grave: so also of the enlightening contributions of such disinterested investigators as Alfred Russel Wallace and Sir Oliver Lodge. But while on the whole we may

believe that their findings in the spirit world have helped to overcome the blight of skepticism, we must still deplore their methods of getting these findings across the Veil.

4History of the People of the United States, II, p. 5 88.

April. 1929 THE VEIL: ITS USES AND ABUSES 453

over whose minds and bodies lively imagination held sway. The

heart swelled, the nerves gave way, the hands and feet grew cold, and motionless and speechless they fell headlong to the ground. * *

''Some lay quiet, unable to move or speak; some talked but

could not move. Some beat the floor with their heels. Some, shrieking in agony, bounded about, it is said, like a fish out of water.

Many rushed wildly over the stumps and benches and plunged, shouting 'Lost! lost!'into the forest.

"As the meetings grew more and more frequent, this nervous excitement assumed new and more terrible forms. One was known

as 'jerks;'another as the barking exercise; a third as the Holy

Laugh. The 'jerks'began in the head and spread rapidly to the

feet. The head would be thrown from side to side so swiftly that

the features would be blotted out, and the hair made to snap. When

the body was affected the sufferer was hurled over hindrances that came in his way, and finally dashed on the ground, to bounce about like a ball. At camp meetings in the far south, saplings were cut off

breasthigh and left 'for the people to jerk by.'One who visited

such a campground declares that about the roots of from fifty to one hundred saplings, the earth was kicked up 'as by a horse stamping flies'. * * *

"From the nerves and muscles the disorder passed to the mind.

Men dreamed dreams, and saw visions; nay. fancied themselves dogs,

went on all fours, and barked until they grew hoarse. Tt was no

uncommon sight to behold numbers of them gathered about a tree barking, yelping, 'treeing the devil'."

Coming next to some of the specific ways in which human curiosity seeks to tamper with the Veil, we may consider briefly the occasional itching among Latterday Saints for new revelation. Not

a year passes that some wouldbe prophet does not turn up among us with a divine commission, superseding, or profoundly modifying, some thing or other in the Church. Most of them base their claims

on the "coming of One mighty and strong,"as predicted in the

Doctrine and Covenants, which great prophet they declare themselves to be.

Three of these unfortunates have been known personally to

BProfessor Ross (Social Psychology, pp. 5054), after quoting the above passage and

much more to the same effect, yields to Professor Coe's explanation of it, as beginning with "sporadic cases of hallucination, autoautomotism and selfhypnotism,"induced by the usual methods of revivalism, and then spreading to the multitude by the law of emotional imitation.

This explanation seems mere glossing over of profound mysteries by giving them shallow—a

new names. It can really satisfy only those who believe in a closed world, the beginning and

end of which are birth and death. To one who sees life on each side of life as an eternal

stream, with "fallen angels"eager to break through from preexistence, and on the other hand human derelicts reaching backward out of hell to mingle again, if possible, in human affairs, such phenomena have a deeper significance than any findings in a laboratory precommitted, by rigid exclusion, to "natural"explanation of every possible phase of existence.

Aprtt. 1929454 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the writer: men of more than average intelligence, and of clean moral

habits. One had visions in which impersonations of the Father

and Son appeared to him repeatedly, and called upon him to denounce the president of the Church as a fallen prophet.

Another, as he was plowing, heard the voice of an "angel"who was walking by his side; a voice that followed him for years,

led him into many a culde-sac, landed him in the insane asylum for a brief season, and gave him eventually enough revelations to fill a volume. his excessive spirituality, which A third was betrayed through caused him to withdraw from things earthly in the direction of spiritual selfsacrifice. Incredible as it may showing how seem—and

men fall by insensible advisers behind the Veil finally degrees—his

led him and his followers, after some years of admirable selfabnegation, into the supreme testsacrifice of exchanging wives and still remaining the Lord revealed otherwise to each continent—unless

pair individually!

Here we have pitiable results of a violated Veil; of good men

betrayed by false spirits which assumed to be heavenly guides. Indeed, whoever seeks spiritual guidance by open vision or articulated

message, instead of trusting the light which proceedeth forth from the presence of God to fill the immensity of space, and which ever shines translucent from the other side to those who have faith and patience, may indeed succeed in brushing the Veil the aside,—since

Veil is a something within each person's how consciousness—but

can he know who his spirit correspondent may be? Attempting

thus to live by sight rather than by faith, involves a danger from which one should rather pray to be divinely protected.

For the mileposts in our spiritual journey we have truth that is to say, the articulated messages of guide us; scripture—to

for the uncharted spaces between, truthness is, it seems to me, a better guide than truth; for out of the feeling of "rightness"which fills

our consciousness, must then issue, by definite act of will, our selfchosen conduct; whereas, if some other being told us at each step

what to do, our blind response would add but little to our growth and development. Man's part in this scheme of salvation is to become like a little child, in other words, to trust; always we walk

best when we walk by faith rather than by sight. Brushing the

Veil aside is an attempt to reverse this divine law.

Of all the means for delving into the occult, the most harmless seems, at first glance, to be the ouijaboard, a mechanical device on wheels and fitted with a pencil to record messages. And messages it

certainly delivers: from the subconscious mind of the person whose

hand rests upon it, say the psychologists; from beings in the spirit

April. 1929 THE VEIL: ITS USES AND ABUSES 455

world, say other interpreters of the facts. Whatever be the merits

of the controversy, this socalled psychological toy has, within the last few years, since the craze for it has been on, materially helped to fill insane asylums, more than onethird of whose occupants are there by reason of a violated Veil in one form or other. Here is one

case vouched for by a noted authority in psychic affairs.

An aged couple, devout Methodists, lost their only child.

till one day anMonth after month they remained inconsolable, acquaintance suggested that their son was eager to communicate with them through the ouijaboard. At first their instincts and religious

attitude warned them against it, but their sense of bereavement finally prevailed.

It did not take long to convince them that James was really directing the pencil from the other side. So they purchased an ouijaboard and would sit for hours communing with their dear, departed

boy. Presently it dawned upon them that no sooner did they ask

a question than they knew what his answer would be without waiting for the pencil. The Veil was growing thinner. Next they heard

their son's voice almost as in life.

we need not Now came the tragedy. Their son's spirit—for

doubt it was not always remain with them; and when he—could

he left, the gap in the Veil remained. Night and day they heard

coarse, bestial, ribald voices and laughter of the humanvoices—the

derelicts that are stranded on the earthplane. Their souls were

literally trampled upon like a public street, so that sleep and even rest fled from their home. Finally they called in a nerve specialist,

to whom they told their story. The next move in their pitiable

downfall was their landing in an insane asylum, which proved, however, no asylum to them. Nothing but death would enable them to

escape the hell they had brought into their lives.

Latterday Saints are perhaps least of all given to attendance at spirit seances; it is well, nevertheless, that the true inwardness of

this aspect of the violated Veil be understood. Consider, then,

what really befalls a man when, either from this side of the Veil or the other, he is hypnotized. A great thinker and writer of an

oriental psychic school has well called this act the great psychological crime; and crime it must be, since it violates what the Author of

man's being has made divine agency. free—his

Think of a man's individuality or will being violently subdued;

that part in him which measures his likeness to God, his ego or "I am,"which the law of eternal progress has slowly been building up toward the ultimate freedom of God himself. Think of this

divine power in him being so overcome that all his faculties, mental or physical, are subject to another's will!

456 IMPROVEMENT ERA April. 1929

side, As above suggested, when the violation takes place on this it is called hypnosis; when from the other side, it is known as mediumship. In hypnosis the control exists on the mortalplane; in

mediumship, on the spiritplane. In both cases the blight on man's

personality is the same: his spirit becomes merely a public road or

gateway for the trampling of alien feet.

Because spiritmediumship is thus seen to be a prostitution of man's ego, or the central possibility of Godhood in him, our Father in heaven never chooses this channel to get a message over to mankind. Suspicion may therefore well attach to the method, even if

we suppose the beings behind the Veil are honest, and of a high order of intelligence, which from facts already set forth is very rarely the case. Besides, the difficulties of so manipulating a medium's powers

as to get a message across without flaws, are spiritenormous—every

istic authority emphasizes that fact. Finally, suppose spirits of a

high order, like T. De Witt Talmage and Henry Ward Beecher,

should succeed in transmitting their present ideas concerning the great objects of faith, such as God, salvation, eternal progress, and so on; why should we defer to them as being infallible? Are they

not still among those who are ever learning, but never quite coming to a knowledge of the truth? One ray of knowledge from our

Father in heaven would be more faithilluminating than all the scintillations of put together. earth—and spirit—realms

Latterday Saints have therefore everything to lose and nothing to gain by giving attention to spiritseances or promoting their teachings in any way. Nay, let us rather dedicate our homes, and

pray for special protection against all influences that come to man through a violated Veil!

We thus reach the same conclusion from studying the abuses of the Veil, that we reached through studying its divine uses. Earthplane is peculiarly the sphere for acquiring earthexperiences. The

lowliest duties in the here and now yield none the less of divine fruitage because of their lowliness; but in order that our experiences

shall develop us heavenward; in order that earthlife shall not be

out of unity with life which went before and which comes after, we need divine illumination; not of the flaring kind which appeals

chiefly to sight and disturbs all our perspectives, but rather of the quiet, translucent kind which, in order to see, calls for faith and hope, and which, when seen, yields peace, joy and love. Our Father's way

is evidently, therefore, the best way.

Character teaches above our wills. Men imagine that they communicate

their virtue or vice only by overt actions, and do not see that virtue or vice emit a breath every moment. Emerson.

Science Leads Us Closer to God

Michael Pupin as told to Albert Edward Wiggam

Reprinted, by permission, from the Reader's Digest of December, 192 8, being a condensation from the September, 192 7, American Magazine

CIENCE is making us better Christians.

Science is teaching men how to cooperate more intelligently with God; it is teaching men what God's laws are, and how to

obey* them.

Science is increasing our belief that the human soul is the greatest thing in the universe, the supreme purpose of the Creator.

These are a few of the impressions which I carried away from a talk with Michael Pupin on what science means to a man's spiritual life. i

Michael Pupin came to America 54 years ago as an ignorant peasant boy of 15. Recently he was elected president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, one of the highest

scientific honors in the world. What he says, therefore, is the out

come not only of profound scientific knowledge, but also of an intimate.knowledge of hardships, struggles, disappointments, life—its

and successes.

"When I was a boy in Serbia,"said Dr. Pupin, "I used to spend

part of my time, with other boys, herding the grazing oxen that belonged to our fathers. At night I was enchanted by the stars, blazing in the firmament. I imagined that the light of these stars was

a message from God telling us the hour of the night and the direction of the approaching dawn.

"When the vesper bell would ring, my mother, a pious woman, would say, 'Michael, do you hear the divine message which calls you to the altar of God?'Thus gradually I began to imagine that the

sound of the church bell also was a message from God.

"It is not surprising that in my boyhood days I often asked myself two questions: What is sound? and, What is light? A

search for an answer to these two questions has undoubtedly directed my scientific career.

"Sound, I found as a scientist, is due to the vibration of material bodies. But the physical vibrations are only a small link in the connection of the external physical world with the internal world of a

man's mind. There, within the man's mind, the soul interprets the

language of sound. And the more I think of this, as a scientific

man, the more I do recognize that my boyhood fancy was right sound is a message to our souls.

April, \9i9458 IMPROVEMENT ERA

'Today, when 1 hear Kreisler playing, or any other great musician, I feel that he is making the vibrating strings speak a language which is a true message from heaven.

"Light, I found, is a series of tiny electronic pulses sent throughout space from the s,un and stars. And just as sound sets

going the nerves of the ear to carry messages from the external world to the internal world of the human soul, so these electronic pulses set going the nerves of the eye which carry their messages to the brain.

There, the soul deciphers and interprets their meaning. All these

vibrations receive their true meaning only when the soul deciphers their message. And the more I think of it as a scientist, the more'do I

feel that those gleams of light from the quiet stars, which fell upon my eyes as I tended the oxen, were really messages to the soul, declaring, the glory of God.

"Now, since science finds that the physical universe, with all its electrons in motion, receives its true interpretation only as its messages reach the soul which alone can decipher these messages, does it not lead logically to the belief that the soul of man is the greatest thing in the universe? Indeed, does it not lead to the belief that

the human soul is the highest purpose in God's creative energy?

"Sometimes we sneer at our puny earth, saying 'It is such a tiny speck of dust in the universe that it cannot amount to much. A star

like a big thing.'But is bigness the true standard Betelguese—that's

of measure? True, Betelguese is enormous, nearly three hundred

million miles in diameter. Our whole solar system could swing

around inside it. But what is Betelguese? Nothing but a big gas

all. With all its size, it has no soul. It cannot hearbag—that's

the call which I heard as an ignorant boy, to worship at the altar of

Almighty God.

"These big stars are only the beginning of God's creative energy.

The human soul, in so far as science can penetrate, is the last chapter of cosmic history as far as it has been written. It is in the soul that

Divinity resides. And when we think of that, we are not so small.

Science has found nothing in the universe which even compares in importance with the life of man.

"Wherever science has explored the universe, it has found it to be a manifestation of a coordinating principle. It leaves us no

escape from the conclusion that back of everything there is a definite guiding principle. We are faced with two alternatives: either the

law and order of the universe is the result of haphazard happenings;

or it is the result of a definite intelligence. Now, which are you, as

an intelligent being, going to choose?

"Personally, I believe in the Divine Intelligence, because it is simpler and more intelligible. It harmonizes with my whole expeApril. 1929 SCIENCE LEADS US CLOSER TO GOD 459

rience. When you see the stars, each moving along its own prescribed path with a precision impossible to attain in any mechanism

constructed by man, when you see a seed grow after a definite plan into a tree, or a baby develop into a selfdirecting human individuality, can you believe that it is the result of haphazard happenings?

Such a belief is beyond my understanding.

"Moreover, is it reasonable to suppose that the soul, which is the most important thing that creation has achieved, will perish when the physical body dies? Is the soul going to have existed in

vain? It does not seem possible to me. Science does not offer mathematical proof of the immortality of the soul, but it gives us plenty

of grounds for intelligent hope. And it adds to our conviction that

physical life is only a stage in the development of the soul. My

personal belief is that everything that happens in this great universe is for a purpose; and that purpose is the development of the human

soul. That is where science and religion touch. Science adds immeasurably to the foundations of religious faith. Science will

strengthen it has strengthened mine. religion—as

"My religion as a scientist does not contradict a single element of the religion which my mother and the people of my native village held when I was a boy. Science has simply brought me to a higher,

broader view of the Creator.

"That is the real pleasure of scientific work. The purpose of

science is not merely to make material things, inventions to increase wealth and comfort. These things are certainly a blessing, but not

the greatest blessing. If science does not assist me to give myself and

others a better religion, a better understanding of the Creator, and a closer personal touch with Him; if science does not assist me in carrying out the Divine purpose, then I am a failure as a scientist. But

science has made me a better Christian; I believe it will make better

Christians of all men and women who try to understand its simple and beautiful laws, because they are the laws of God."

[Dr. Pupin, here quoted, is the author of the book From Immigrant to Inventor-,

one of the books on the M. I. A. reading course. Editors.]

It is a great, stalwart soul that qualifies a man to think great, stalwart thoughts; and if you have not such a soul, come as close as you can to a man

who has, and you will become richer without his being made poorer. Charles

H. Parkhurst.

The people of the United States very deliberately framed their government it: with the view of remaining the masters of it, and not of being mastered by

and they are not yet willing to abdicate in favor of any, even the most audacious conspirator, against their sovereignty. John Bigelow, in the New York

Tribune.

Suggestions For Home Beautification

Home Beautification By L. S. Morris, Assistant Professor of Horticulture,

Brigham Young University are many ways in which the home can be made moreTHERE beautiful. One of the best ways to beautify home life is to

plant flowers in the hearts of our children. Another good way

is to cultivate blossoms in our own souls. We are told that when the

one man loves the one woman and the one woman loves the one man, the very angels leave heaven and come and sit in that home and sing for joy.

However, my subject is confined to landscaping or beautifying the home grounds.

We should beautify our homes for two reasons:

First, because the home is the most important institution in the world. It is the place where we are born, in which we spend our

lives and in which we are likely to die. It is the institution where we

learn to talk and walk. There we first come in contact with religion.

If children are not taught religion in the home they will stand a poor chance of learning it in the church later. The home teaches children

honesty or dishonesty as the case may be. We become ladies and

gentlemen because the home taught us how to act; or we become

tramps because the home failed to teach us properly. We are what

we are largely because of our home training. School training, college

training, church training are all important but rather negligible in comparison to home training.

If the home is this important, then we should give thought to its improvement. One of the most effective ways is to create more

beauty. And that leads to the second reason for beautification.

Namely: That beautiful things fill the soul with harmony, and

make for more abundant living. There is something about the

beautiful that entrances man, that makes him unconsciously happier.

A bouquet of flowers placed on the table at meal times adds tastiness to the food. A shrub growing by the side of the house breathes

is like mellow magicdelight to all who look at it. A golden sunset

to the soul trained to appreciate beauty.

The Creator was kind when he endowed us with emotions that we might enjoy beautiful things. The sense of the beautiful is something possessed only by man. It does not seem to be essential in

the lives of animals below man. I have tried in vain to find a dog

that will pay any attention to flowers. I have never seen a horse

miss a single mouthful of grass to gaze toward the flaming west

April, 1929462 IMPROVEMENT ERA

when the sun is going to bed. I have held brilliant sunflowers before

a cow and she has disgustingly switched her tail. But to man,

beauty is an essential. It is a spiritual necessity. If a man does not

enjoy that which is beautiful, it means one corner of his soul is still sleeping; he is only partly living; he has undeveloped resources within. As Babson says, "The greatest undeveloped resource in America

is the human soul."However, he was not referring specifically to

the sense of the beautiful.

We are realizing more every day that beauty plays a big part in our lives. Selfrespect demands beauty and neatness. Psychology

is beginning to teach us the importance of beautiful surroundings with respect to civic life. P. T. Farwell, Chairman of the Massachusetts Civic League, says, "Beautification is a direct agent for the

prevention of ignorance, disease and crime, and for the promotion of health, usefulness, happiness, and good morals. It is now a well

recognized principle in the business world that attractive surroundings are a decided advantage for a business plant and that the influence on employees of pleasant grounds, adorned with flowers and shrubs, tends to increase their pleasure in and loyalty to their work.

We are beginning to realize that the ugliness of the conditions under which men live exerts no slight influence in fostering discontent and even crime."

While traveling in the East last summer I was surprised to sec the large number of business houses and manufacturing establishments which had been beautified by shrubs, vines and trees. But

why not, when beautiful surroundings make for more efficiency on the part of employees?

Landscape gardening is really a young art here in the West.

We are just beginning to catch the spirit.

Let us look about for a moment and see art from another standpoint. We, too, often think of pictures as being paintings on canvas

hanging on the walls. Those are the creation of man. God's great

masterpieces are outdoors. They are the original. They are the

landscapes of nature done in living meadows, trees, colors—flowers,

mountains, streams. Their shades and tints change with the time

of the day and the advance of the seasons.

I do not wish to say anything disparaging about pictures that hang on the walls. They are essential. They lead to an appreciation of other types of beauty. They assist one in appreciating

nature.

The West is a natural art museum; Valley flecked with jewels,

lakes and streams decorated with flowers and trees! There is poetry

in the atmosphere for anyone who enjoys it. Professor Lowry

April. 1929 HOME BEAUTIFICATION 463

Nelson took this bouquet of words from the ripples of Bear Lake, while camped with a group of Boy Scouts:

Wind and sunkist, Brightlipped thing, Veiled in moon mist, Wavering;

Child of Cloudlet, In the sky, Sire of Cloudlet, Passing by;

Liquid music, Wafting free, Charged with lyric Mystery; Draped in wavelet, Ripple trimmed;

Moon and star set, Pebble rimmed;

Myriad bird wings;

Weaving hands, Fleck your shim'ring;

Spin your sands.

Can you not hear music of the lake coming from those lines?

And the mountains, every one of them is a monument of transcendent grandeur. The best way to appreciate mountains is to move

where you cannot see you want to get back again. But them—then

that is only human nature; a child born and reared in an art museum

will not appreciate the paintings. He will think them commonplace. He will think that ordinary things of other places are marvels

they are out of his reach. That is the reason we associate—because

distant lands with magic and beauty and charm.

Not long ago an artist, from the East, stood on the shore of

Utah Lake just at sunset. The valley was shaded by the western

mountains. Mount Timpanogos, on the east, was a reddishpink

in the lingering sunbeams. It was a masterpiece. Alice's Wonderland was insipid in comparison to the mountain at that particular

moment. The mist and the sunbeams were just right to turn the

setting into magic. After breathing deeply for a short time, he remarked that it was one of the most wonderful pictures he had ever

seen.

But what has this to do with home beautification? It is the

setting for beautiful homes. The setting is the first verse in the

poem of beautification. With a beautiful setting furnished by nature

it would be discord not to have beautiful homes. If every home

464 IMPROVEMENT ERA April. 1929

in a city is enhanced with grass, flowers, shrubs, and trees, that city becomes a garden city. A few unsightly homes spoil the effect of

the whole thing.

The following are a few brief suggestions that might help in the landscaping of the average home:

Remember that landscape architecture is a fine art. It is like

painting a picture on a large canvas; the paints are the colors in

flowers and shrubs. A landscape artist must understand composition,

color blending, texture of plant materials and numerous other things, so a person should not rush into a piece of landscaping without knowing what he is doing. For an extensive piece of work a landscape architect should be consulted. For the establishing of a small

lawn and the placing of a few shrubs, careful observation of well designed places will help the layman.

My first suggestion is concerned with lawns. Most homes are

well equipped with lawns in the front yard, but they are not sufficient in most cases. Our children need some place to amuse themselves

besides in the road. I picked up a formula the other day on how

to preserve children:

"Take one large, grassy field, onehalf dozen children, two or three small dogs, a pinch of brook and some pebbles. Mix the children and dogs well

together and put them in the field, stirring constantly. Pour the brook over

the pebbles. Sprinkle the field with flowers. Spread over all a deep, blue sky.

and bake in the hot sun. When brown, remove and set away to cool in a bathtub."

A lawn in the rear or at the side of the house screened in with groups of shrubs and mediumsized trees is not only a good place in which to preserve children, but an excellent place for seclusion when one wishes to read or relax in the shade. It is better to retire

to the service lawn rather than sit on the front porch. The service

lawn, if well designed, is also a splendid setting for an outdoor dinner or lawn party.

The next point I wish to mention is trees: Do you remember

Joyce Kilmer's words?

"Poems are made by fools like me,

But only God can make a tree."

Every leaf is a letter that helps to spell beauty. Every branch

is a sentence that helps to describe a beautiful landscape. Trees

is beautifulshould not be mutilated by unwise pruning. A tree

only when natural. One sees occasionally trees with the branches

cut off close to the trunk. They remind me of a person who has

lost his arms. Ornamental trees require very little or no pruning.

Let them grow and be natural. Large trees can be used to good

April. 1929 HOME BEAUTIFICATION 465

advantage by placing them at the rear of the house for a background.

They should be placed beyond the service lawn. If the home lot is

very small, large trees should not be used. Mediumsized trees can

be used to good advantage at one side of the house. Never plant

a tree directly in front of the house, unless it is a street tree.

Another important consideration in beautifying the home is the use of shrubs. We need shrubs more than anything else. They are

permanent; you need not replace them every year. They are beautiful as well. The proper places to plant shrubs are around the service

lawn, next to the foundations of the houses and in the corners of large lots. Notice a house with shrubs planted about the foundation

and another house barren of shrubs. The contrast tells the story.

Of course flowers are important. A few moments spent in the

garden during the day often divests us of unpleasant thoughts and gives us more happiness. Flowers may be used in connection with

the shrubs or placed separately in a specialized plot.

In conclusion, I wish to quote from expresisdent Calvin Coolidge: "National Garden week seems now to be well on the way to

establishment as a fixed national affair and I hope this year's observance of it will strengthen its position in the public interest and activities."

Garden week merely suggests that the garden should be kept beautiful during all the growing season, for sweetness and inspiration are always given forth from well kept plants.

Forbearance

I'll not reproach the erring one

With unkind act or word, For his misconduct known to me,

Nor gossip I have heard.

I will not cast the cruel shaft,

Nor fling the fiery dart Into his troubled, saddened soul,

Into his bleeding heart.

I know not of the pangs he feels,

Of how his soul relents, Of how he strives to overcome,

How truly he repents.

But this I know 'tis not for me

To wield the chastening rod;

The purifying of his soul I'll leave to him and God.

Logan. Utah SAMUEL B. MlTTON.

Lessons from Common Things By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, President of the Brigham

Young University 4. GERMS

of us are inclined to think of germs as deadly foes, toMOSTbe strictly avoided. In offering advice about health to each

other, it is usually expressed in terms concerning the avoidance of germs. These little microbes have gained a very disreputable

place in the thoughts of man because of the plagues and other malignant disease which they cause. While most diseases are caused by

germs, it is unjust to look upon these minute organisms as an unmitigated evil.

If we think of germs as being present only under the unusual conditions when sickness is caused, we are in error, because they are found everywhere throughout nature. On our hands and clothing,

and covered over all the food we eat, there are millions of tiny living things; I suppose that no one of us has ever taken a mouthful of

food without eating many of them, for they are just about the most common things that can be imagined. They are riding on dust particles throughout the air; and every particle of soil that we come in

contact with contains untold numbers. Even what we regard as

pure water may contain from 500 to 1,000 of these organisms in a teaspoonful, and such food as the milk used in cities very often contains a hundred thousand in a single drop.

Of course, the bacteria causing diseases to man are not so common, else man would be sick continually. If typhoid fever germs

get into the alimentary canal of a person who is susceptible to the disease, he is almost sure to have it. Likewise smallpox, diphtheria,

and other diseases of this kind are transferred through organisms which come in contact with the patient. Such organisms must be

carefully avoided or the diseases they cause soon make their appearance.

Not long ago I heard someone complaining about the world and wondering why bacteria are allowed to exist on the earth, especially why the wise Creator would not make a world entirely free of germs.

When I first learned that germs cause disease, I decided that if it were in my power, I would certainly want to eliminate from the earth everything that might be called a germ, but now that I have investigated the problem more thoroughly I find that I was very shortsighted in wishing such a destruction. Some of the germs I would

Apni, 1929 LESSONS FROM COMMON THINGS 467

have destroyed cause diseases in man, but most of them are either harmless or decidedly beneficial.

If all the germs in the world should be suddenly exterminated, man would not be able to live very long. For example, in the soil

there is a group of two or three distinct kinds of organisms working together which fix the free nitrogen of the air and make it available for the use of higher plants, such as our ordinary crops. If it were

not for these organisms cooperating in this way, it would not take very long for the earth's supply of available nitrogen to be exhausted and this would soon cause death to all the life on earth.

The great chemist, Sir William Crooks, in giving an address before the British Association for the Advancement of Science, predicted that it would not be many generations before the available supply of nitrogen in the world would be exhausted, and hence plants and animals would die, unless some practicable artificial means of fixing nitrogen were discovered. At that time the functions of the nitrogenfixing organisms were not understood. Since

then, scientists have discovered something of the role of the bacteria of the soil and how they are constantly working to tear down the unavailable materials of the soil and to render them suitable for the growth of crops. In fact, it has been definitely determined that the

fertility of the soil on the one hand and its sterility on the other, may be merely due to the difference in the microorganisms of the soil.

One of the main soil problems is that of producing a condition in the soil that will be favorable to the growth of desirable organisms*.

This is just one example of the almost unlimited kinds of organisms which are working for the benefit of man. The good being

derived from these beneficial organisms was not recognized as the work of living creatures until comparatively recent times, although the world has been profiting by it throughout all the ages. Now

that we know whence comes these great blessings we marvel the more at the Planner of the universe, who had the foresight to create such harmony that every living thing, from the tiniest microorganism to the giant tree, might work together to prepare the way for man.

Without the higher plants, the germs would die, and without the germs the higher plants would die. The Creator not only gave the

world the right kind of life, but he created them in proper proportion for the best results. Does this harmony not fill you with awe at the

wisdom of our Father in heaven?

Money and time are the heaviest burdens of life, and the unhappiest of all mortals are those who have more of either than they know how to use.

Johnson.

Cumorah By Henry Smith tourists motoring along the highway from Palmyra UMMER to the town of Manchester, in New York state, will no doubt be mystified when they find that a formerly bald hill of the region has been turned into a beauty spot by the hands of man.

This is the Hill Cumorah, the topographical character of which has probably not changed much during the past fourteen centuries.

Since the purchase of that historic spot, where the golden plates from which the Book of Mormon was translated were hidden from the eyes of the world for more than fourteen centuries, the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has entered upon an active campaign to make the hill a place of beauty and an attraction to the tourist.

During the past year 20,000 evergreen and hardwood seedlings have been planted on the hill and around its base, and more than 11,000 others have been ordered for spring planting. The setting

out of more than a thousand hardwood nut and other trees is also being planned, and everything will be done to make of the place a shrine worthy of its history, interesting alike to those who believe in its sacred character and those who are drawn to it out of curiosity.

At the base of the hill, facing the highway mentioned above, is a large sign, so placed that it will not obstruct the tourist's view of the hill. This sign will give the history of the finding of the plates

and of the organization of the Church. It is 12 by 50 feet in size,

with the pages of the book extending three feet higher than the sign proper, as is shown in the illustration.

The pages of this book will contain passages obtained from the

Book of Mormon. The following have been recommended and

approved I Nephi, 16:29. "And there was also written upon them a

new writing, which was plain to be read, which did give us understanding concerning the ways of the Lord; and it was written and

changed from time to time, according to the faith and diligence which we gave unto it. And thus we see that by small means the Lord

can bring about great things."

II Nephi, 10:11. "And this land shall be a land of liberty

unto the Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land, who shall raise up unto the Gentiles."

Jacob, 2:18. "But before ye seek for riches, seek ye for the

kingdom of God."

April, 1929 CUMORAH 469

Alma, 13:28. "But that ye would humble yourselves before

the Lord, and call on his holy name, and watch and pray continually, that ye may not be tempted above that which ye can bear, and thus be led by the Holy Spirit, becoming humble, meek, submissive, patient, full of love and all longsuffering."

Alma, 26:37. "Now my brethren, we see that God is mindful

of every people, whatsoever land they may be in; yea, he numbereth

his people, and his bowels of mercy are over all the earth. Now this

is my joy, and my great thanksgiving; yea, and I will give thanks

unto my God forever. Amen."

Alma, 45:16. "And he said: Thus saith the Lord God

Cursed shall be the land, yea, this land, unto every nation, kindred, tongue and people, unto destruction, which do wickedly, when they are fully ripe; and as I have said so shall it be; for this is the cursing

and the blessing of God upon the land, for the Lord cannot look upon sin with the least degree of allowance."

This hill has been the scene of some of the greatest events that have transpired in the history of man upon the earth. It may be

Calling Attention of the World To the Book of Mormon

April. \9Z9470 IMPROVEMENT ERA

appropriate here to review a few of these historical occurrences which have done so much toward the shaping of man's destinies on this continent.

Here, more than 24 centuries ago, the descendants of Jared and his brother fought their exterminating battle. It was in

this neighborhood also that they rebelled against the Lord, killed his prophets and drove Ether, the last prophet among them, into exile. His life was spared to finish the record of his people, and his

pathetic story is told in a most touching manner.

On this spot, about ten centuries later, Mormon, in the anguish of his heart over the sins of his people and for the last time, called upon them to repent. But the spirit of the Lord had ceased to strive

with them; and before the close of that fatal day, Mormon's ten

thousand stalwart soldiers, together with many other ten thousands whom he had led to battle against his foes, the Lamanites, lay dead on the battle field.

Moroni and a few of his followers were the only Nephites to escape. This prophet remained in hiding until he had completed the

records which had been entrusted to his care. One can imagine how

he stole forth, perhaps in the darkness of night, and deposited the plates in the hill where they were to remain protected by divine power for about 1400 years.

Passing over that period of spiritual darkness we again find

Moroni, still the custodian of those sacred treasures. Acting under

instruction, he visits Joseph Smith, and prepares him for his mission on this earth. Together they stand on this hill and, after four years

of preparatory waiting, the angel turns the golden plates over to the youthful prophet for the purpose of translation.

Other and smaller signs are being placed on the grounds of three more historic spots in New York state.

A sign at the Joseph Smith home will read as follows: "Joseph

Smith Home, owned by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. Here Joseph Smith resided at the time he obtained the golden

plates from which the Book of Mormon was translated."

Another small sign at the Peter Whitmer farm will contain the following: "Peter Whitmer Farm, owned by the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints. The place where the Book of Mormon

was translated from the golden plates. Here the Church was organized, April 6, 1830."

At the Sacred Grove will be found the following information placed there for the public: "Sacred Grove. This path leads to the

Sacred Grove where Joseph Smith beheld the wondrous vision of the Father and the Son."

Dave Rust, Lover of the Grand Canyon

By Harrison R. Merrill

PLACER miner stuck his shovel in the sand, straightened up slowly A as if the process hurt, and looked around at the canyon walls which rose for hundreds of feet above him on both sides of the muddy river. He was slender,

bronzed, and stripped naked to the waist. "Gee,"he jerked out as he gazed around, "if it wasn't for the scenery I'd never slave like this. We won't get more'n fifty

cents out of this half day's work. That's poor dirt and

the gold's awful fine."

His brother leaned against the "cradle"with which they had been working.

"It is poor dirt, but then we strike better often enough to keep the wages fairly steady and fairly high -for these times."

"Yeh, but I've got a better idea, Will,"the slender young fellow declared. "This is a

wonder river and a wonder canDave Rust yon."The speaker swept his

arm towards the varicolored cliffs. "Major Powell and Captain Dutton painted this country in

words that will never die. People ought to see this country, it's

worth it, and by cripes, I'm going to help them see it."

That was fifteen years ago. The speaker was Dave Rust, and

the river was the Colorado in what is known as Glenn's canyon.

Since that time Dave Rust, prospector, miner, cattleman, school superintendent, and later, guide, has been attempting to help people "see"not only the Colorado at Glenn's canyon, but all the way down from Green river to the Toroweap.

***. 19Z9472 IMPROVEMENT ERA

If Dave Rust has any gods other than Jehovah, they are Major

Powell and Captain C. E. Dutton; if he has any temples, they are

those of the Grand Canyon and Little Zion; if he has any cathedrals

they are found in the Kaibab on Buckskin mountain; if he has any

Bible dearer than the Hebrew version, it is made up of the reports of Major Powell and Captain Dutton.

I met this worshipper of the Grand Canyon about six years ago. I had gone to Kanab, his home town, upon some errand with

a friend, who suggested that he would like to have me meet Dave

Rust and go with him to the Toroweap, a point on the Grand Canyon where one could walk out on the rimrock almost directly over the Colorado river a half a mile below in its flaming gorge. Rust

proved to be willing to make the trip.

a sandy desert towards Mt. Trumbull, We meandered out across

purple and misty on the far horizon. Our cars had difficulty with

the sand, but with a little help from us they were always able to push through. At last, just before sunset, we whirled through the

sage down the Toroweap valley or wash to Vulcan's Thorne and the rimrock, where I caught my first glimpse of nature's greatest effort at sawing the world in two.

After our view of the breathtaking gorge and of the temples and minarets and towers and sweeps of savage color along the gorge up the river, we returned to the car for our evening meal. One gets

hungry in the desert even in the presence of great splendor. And

thirsty! We had a very limited supply of water as we were traveling

light, and, consequently, become more famished than we likely would have done had the river not been locked away in a gorge a half mile deep.

When we had eaten, our guide, who had said little, produced a book. "While it is yet light,"said he, "and while you can get your eye full of this wild country, I want to read a bit from my Bible."

He handed me the volume. It was the reports of Captain C. E.

Dutton, printed and distributed by the government.

"There was a man who had eyes to see and a heart to understand. Read a couple of pages, and you'll like this country even

better than you do now."

I opened the book at the marker and read the descriptions of the landscape upon which I gazed whenever I raised my eyes. It was

written in Dutton's own inimitable style.

The following morning I photographed Dave Rust standing looking down into the gorge which he loved.

That was my first meeting with this son of the Old West. Since

then I have met him several times, and always I have come away

April, 1929 DAVE RUST, LOVER OF THE GRAND CANYON 473 feeling that to know the West, especially that in northern Arizona and southern Utah, one must, if the stay is to be brief, meet this man.

"I have failed if I fail to assist you to love my country,"said

Mr. Rust on one occasion. "I count whatever money I may receive

from any group of travelers as nothing, absolutely nothing, less than nothing, if they do not leave these breaks loving these gorges, these painted cliffs, and these dusty deserts."

Although Glenn's canyon, more than one hundred and fifty miles long, down which he floats in collapsible canvas boats, between the impassable and impassive walls, is his first love, Mr. Rust has

many. In fact, during the days immediately following the war, he

often spoke of his fourteen points, of course. These points—view

are scattered from the crest of Pine Valley mountain to the tip of the

Plenry Mountains far to the east; and from the painted cliffs beyond

Bryce to the Toroweap far beyond Kanab.

Dave Rust loves Bright Angel Point and Point Sublime and

Cape Royal, all on the north rim of the Grand Canyon. They are

among his fourteen points, but are only three among fourteen. He

thinks the other eleven are quite as good, and two or three of them even better.

Every summer from the time the flowers bloom in profusion along the Colorado in April until snow is sifted into the Kaibab in the fall, this man who loves his country pilots people around from one of his beloved points to another or floats with them down the "silvery Colorado"on a two weeks'voyage among the grandest cliffs and in one of the grandest gorges nature has ever built. He took

Governor George H. Dern, of Utah, on this trip through the canyon.

Dave Rust is an understanding guide. One who knows when

to talk and when to keep still. He prefers to allow his country to do

the talking, but will assist when it is necessary. He can bake a

biscuit to a turn and can stir up a banquet in the desert, but whatever he is doing he has one thought in mind: "You must love my country. Powell loved it; Dutton loved it; I love it, and so must you."

When Earth's last picture is painted, and the tubes are twisted and dried.

When the oldest colors have faded, and the youngest critic has died.

down for an eon or two, We shall rest, and, faith we shall need it—lie

Till the Master of all Good Workmen shall set us to work anew!

And those that were good shall be happy: they shall sit in a golden chair:

They shall splash at a tenleague canvas with brushes of comets'hair;

They shall find real saints to draw Peter and Paul; from—Magdalene,

They shall work for an age at a sitting and never be tired at all!

And only the Master shall praise us, and only the Master shall blame:

And no one shall work for money, and no one shall work for fame;

But each for the joy of the working, and each, in his separate star,

Shall draw the Thing as he sees it for the God of Things as they are!

"L'Envoi,"by Rudyard Kipling.

In Old Camp Floyd By P. V. Cardon, Director of Utah Experiment Station,

Agricultural College

in very presUtah—itsJOHNSTON'S Army was not wanted

ence was irritating to the Saints, to say the least; and there were

among the invaders men whose purpose was contemptible and whose behavior invited scorn. But in that army there were also

other men, some of them of high purpose, who were merely doing orders issued by theirwhat all soldiers are expected to do—obeying

superiors. This fact was acknowledged by President Brigham Young

and his associates during those trying times, and Church authorities always carefully distinguished between soldiers, on the one hand, and political adventurers, on the other. By thus distinguishing

between men under orders and men actuated wholly by selfish motives, Utah's Territorial officers approached greatness in the realm of good statesmanship.

Among the soldiers in Johnston's Army who suffered through the winter made historic by the effective strategy of the Saints, was one whose name I revere and for whom I shall always retain a high regard. He was a Frenchman, known as Eugene Le Roy. I do not

know his rank, but he was an officer. I do not know if he was a

good soldier, but he must have been a man of character and refinement. I do not know what he thought of the "Mormons,"whom

he had come to help subdue, but I know what he did for a "Mormon"boy, and for this I honor him.

Eugene Le Roy and the "Mormon"boy first met at old Camp

Floyd, where they became endeared to each other under the peculiar circumstances which I shall relate. It will be recalled that Camp

Floyd was the encampment in Cedar Valley to which Johnston's

Army was assigned after it came into Utah under a peace agreement.

Three years before the Army marched upon the alleged rebellious "Mormons,"there had come to Zion from the Piedmont region of Italy a family of recent converts to the Gospel, which had been carried to them by missionaries laboring under the general direction of Lorenzo Snow.

For more than seven centuries previously the ancestors of these converts had battled against persecutors in the mountain valleys of

Piedmont to defend the Gospel which they believed had been handed down to them (the Vaudois or Waldenses) direct from the apostles of Christ. Against all the power of the Church of Rome, those

heroic defenders of the Gospel sacrificed thousands and thousands

April. 1929 IN OLD CAMP FLOYD 475

of to the faith of their fathers. No blacker chapters souls—martyrs

are to be found in the history of Europe than those which tell of

Rome's efforts to exterminate the Vaudois pioneers of Protestantism.

Accepting the Gospel as it was brought to them by "Mormon"missionaries, the Piedmontese family left their "Israel of the Alps,"as Muston* refers to those picturesque but blooddrenched valleys, and made the arduous journey to Utah, arriving here with barely enough to live on. There were eight of father and moththem—the

er, four sons, and two daughters.

The next three years of their lives, spent for the most part in

Ogden's Hole, were marked by struggles common to thousands of other Saints who came to Utah with little else than their newlyfound faith and the determination which that faith inspired. But

through all the struggles and hardships there was compensating satisfaction in a feeling of having done right, of having quieted their former religious misgivings. Here at last the Piedmontese found

themselves free to worship, without hindrance, according to the dictates of their consciences. Surely this freedom was worth all it cost

in sacrifice of former friends and relations, and in the pain and sorrow attendant on efforts to reestablish themselves in a foreign land among strange people.

Their feeling of freedom from oppression was shortlived, however; for almost before they had had a chance to settle themselves here, there broke upon Utah the Echo Canyon War. As had

happened numerous times in Piedmont through many generations, an army was marching upon peaceful valleys to destroy a people who dared to live in the light of the Gospel to which they had turned for succor. But now, instead of marching from Rome, the

army came from Washington, capitol city of a great, new nation which was founded upon a belief in religious tolerance and freedom of worship. What memories must have flooded the minds of those

transplanted Waldenses! What disappointment must they have felt!

Were they to be denied in America? freedom—even

The excitement attendant on the military maneuvers of that winter, centering along the Weber River which flows into what was then called Ogden's Hole, undoubtedly stirred to their depths the faithful souls of these immigrants. And it may easily be imagined

with what relief, after dreary months, they welcomed the word that peace had been agreed upon, if not actually restored.

Merely to have an army quartered nearby could have borne no unusual menace to these Waldenses, whose ancestors had known little else for hundreds of years. So let General Johnston and his

*Muston, Alexis, D. D. "The Israel of the Alps: A Complete History of the Waldenses

of Piedmont and Their Colonies."Blackie $ Son, London, 1866.

476 IMPROVEMENT ERA April, 19Z9

army march into Zion! As long as there was to be no more war, what

mattered the mere presence of soldiers? Besides, would not these soldiers have to be fed? Did they not spend their money freely for the

goods they wanted?

As for the corrupting influence of soldiers on the morals of the

Saints, this constituted a menace, indeed; but it was unavoidable.

It must be faced, and every effort made to counteract it, while making the most of a potential market for what the Saints had to offer in the way of labor and produce.

It was in the hope of making sales or of obtaining employment that many straggling immigrants went to Camp Floyd, offering the products of their toil or the strength of their bodies. Among them

was a lad of sixteen years, youngest of the four sons whose parents, four years before, had accepted the Gospel in northern Italy.

This boy, bright and eager to learn, could speak as yet only in his native tongue, the French of the Waldenses. It was this fact

which attracted him to the attention of an officer, Eugene Le Roy, who being a Frenchman found much pleasure in the company of the ambitious lad whose conversation was a rare treat, hardly to be expected in a land so far removed from France. Here was a voice,

which, though found in a desert, recalled the beauties of Alpine valleys, lying thousands of miles away!

Sincere friendship sprang up between them. The officer, eager

to help the lad, used to teach him English, how to read and write it, as well as how to converse in this strange tongue. The days

being all too short, these companions at night would pin blankets to the canvas of the officer's tent, which they shared, in order to prevent the light of their candles, revealing their disregard of Camp rules calling for "lights out"at nine o'clock.

Under the kind and efficient guidance of his devoted tutor, the lad gained much knowledge. His diary tells, as nothing else could,

how well he learned the use of proper English, and the character of the small library which he accumulated in Camp Floyd attests the refining influence of a cultured companion. The lad by inheritance

possessed a will to learn; but what he learned; and how well he

learned it, there among the soldiers of an invading army, speaks eloquently for the gentlemanly qualities of his teacher.

boy must be able to make his own way! So the good officering—theThen there was the matter of a trade by which to earn a livtaught him the trade of watchmaker, which in later years formed the

foundation of a successful business career. In camp, by following

his trade, the boy earned enough to buy books and thus satisfy his hunger for knowledge.

Meanwhile the lad enlisted in the this "Mormon"Army—yes,

5791 3681

4pr. "29!N OLD CAMP FLOYD 477

boy joined the Army of Utah which had been sent to subdue his people! But this was but a natural consequence of his association

with Eugene Le Roy. What youth in tender, impressionable years

would not have been influenced by such companionship, and impelled by a desire to remain always with one who was so kind and helpful. Enlistment as a soldier made it easier for him to be with

his idol than if the boy had remained a civilian.

During those delightful days a detachment of soldiers from

Camp Floyd was ordered to Santa Clara, to protect a payroll en route from California. Incidentally, it will be remembered, Judge

Cradlebaugh accompanied that detachment and while in southern

Utah investigated the Mountain Meadow massacre. One of the

soldiers who made that march, was the lad from Italy. Whether

or not the officer, Eugene Le Roy, was with the detachment is not known to me, but I suspect he was, since the boy and the officer were almost constantly together. In any event, I have before me the boy's

log of route covered by the soldiers in their march. I give it as he

recorded it in a clear hand. It suggests the kind of training he had

been receiving under his officer tutor.

Route From Camp Floyd to Santa Clara

Marches Miles 1 From Camp Floyd to the Lake 15 2 From the Lake to the Lone House 6 3 From the Lone House to Goshen 4 4 From Goshen to the next camping place 6 5 To Mountain Springs 13 6 To Willow Creek 5 7 To Nephi 8 8 To Chicken Creek 1 9 To Sevier River 10 1 To Round Valley Springs 9.. 1 1 To Cedar Springs

12 To Pioneer Creek 5 13 To Fillmore City 9 14 To Meadow Creek 10 1 To Indian Farm 5 16 To Spring Creek 25 1 To Spring Creek 6 1 8 To Indian Creek 1 1 To Beaver Creek 8 20 To Snow Water Creek (often dry) 1; 15 21 To Willow Creek

22 To Red Creek or Fort.2

23 To Parowan City 6 24 To Summit Creek 6 25 To Cedar City 12 26 To TwelveMile Springs: 12

27 To Iron Springs 8

478 IMPROVEMENT ERA April. 1929

28 To Printer's Settlement 8 29 To First Stream on Mountain Meadow 7 30 To Mountain Meadow Spring 4 1 3 To Santa Clara River Soon after the return from Santa Clara, there broke upon this nation a true rebellion, and the young man from the Italian Alps found himself a soldier indeed, ordered into action to defend the land of his adoption. Within a startlingly short time, his wellwrit-

ten and equally wellpreserved diary tells us, he was a bugler at the headquarters of General McClellan's Army of the Potomac, in its campaign of the Peninsula, marching toward Richmond.

Thanks to the training the boy had received under Eugene Le

Roy, there is preserved for us a firsthand, day by day, chronicle of the memorable events of 1862. No clearer record is at hand of

the movements of the Army of the Potomac, of the confusion in the command of those troops, of the lack of sanitary precautions in the care of wounded, of the paucity of hospital facilities, the absence of effective, organized effort as regards convalescents, and the trials of the deserving soldiers who sought discharge.

Whether Eugene Le Roy was with his pupil in battle, or whether they ever again saw each other after they were ordered to the front, there is no record. I wish there were; I wish there were

some way in which I could learn what became of the man who so richly influenced that immigrant boy from Italy, and pointed the way to a life of honor and achievement. Of all the officers in the

Union Army there was none whose memory is of deeper significance to me. Because that "Mormon"boy who marched away with

Johnston's Army, served honorably in the Union cause, and after several years returned to Utah, where he became a good citizen, a friend and trusted counselor to all who knew boy was him—that

my father, Thomas B. Cardon.

Every man is said to have his peculiar ambition. Whether it be true or

not, I can say, for one, that I have no other so great as that of being truly esteemed of my fellowmen, by rendering myself worthy of their esteem. How

far I shall succeed in gratifying this ambition is yet to be developed. I am

young and unknown to many of you. I was born, and have ever remained, in the

humble walks of life. I have no wealthy or popular relations or friends to

recommend me. My case is thrown exclusively upon the independent voters of

the country; and, if elected, they will have conferred a favor upon me for which

I shall be unremitting in my labors to compensate.

But, if the good people in their wisdom shall see fit to keep me in the background, I have been too familiar with disappointments to be very much chagrined. Lincoln, to the people of Sangamon, March 9, 1832.

Food Industries Preparing Defense

Against Cigarette Propaganda CANNER, in its issue of January 1 9, 1 929, has this to sayTHE A flood of letters from physicians, organizations and individuals interested in the protection of public health and public welfare has assured the organizers of the National Food

Protective Committee that their campaign of defense against the "Reach for a Lucky instead of a Sweet"advertising of the American

Tobacco Co. is strongly supported by public sentiment. The Organization Committee, which has its headquarters at 468 Fourth

Avenue, New York, is receiving hundreds of appeals, the tenor of which is, "Are the food industries going to let a cigarette manufacturer propagandize the American public into the belief that cigarette smoking is a benefit to health?"

One of the most interesting side lights on the agitation started by the National Food Products Protective group is the protest filed with the Federal Radio Commission by the United Restaurant

Owners'Association, which has been almost overwhelmed with correspondence following the publication of its protest against the radio broadcast advertising of Lucky Strike cigarettes. The secretary and general manager of the American Medical Association writes

to Joseph Burger, president of the Restaurant Association, as follows:

"The American Medical Association is greatly interested in the matter of undesirable advertising for which purpose radio seems to be more and more widely used. We have communicated with the

Federal Radio Commission, voicing our opposition to some of the practices which are now permitted."

Dr. J. H. McCurdy, secretary of the American Physical Education Association, writes: "It appears to me that such advertising

of cigarettes as has been permitted is not entirely honest. I should

be glad to use my own influence to lessen such advertising. We

have approximately 1,000 teachers that I have helped train in the

Y. M. C. A. college at Springfield."

"I feel that you have performed an invaluable service,"says a letter from Charles F. Powelson, general secretary of the National

Child Welfare Association. "It seems to me it is high time that our

schools should teach our children to look behind the methods of the scheming propaganda that in these days is being poured forth by radio, press, billboards and similar advertising mediums. We, in

April. 1929480 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this association, have for years been doing what we can to stem the tide of cigarette smoking on the part of minors."

Copies of more than 100 newspaper and magazine editorials denouncing the "Lucky Strike"advertising have been received at the headquarters of the National Food Protective Committee. The

cartoonists have seized the opportunity to ridicule the fallacies of the "Lucky Strike"argument.

Thus far, fifteen national associations representing manufacturers and distributors of sweet foods and pastries have laid this matter before their members. Plans for cooperation in a united

defense movement will be discussed by nearly a dozen boards of directors and executive committees of these associations which meet during the next month.

An "If"for Girls 'If you can dress to make yourself attractive,

Yet not make puffs and curls your chief delight;

If you can swim and row, be strong and active,

But of gentler graces lose not sight;

If you can dance without a craze for dancing,

Play without giving play too strong a hold;

Enjoy the love of friends without romancing,

Care for the weak, the friendless and the old;

If you can master French and Greek and Latin,

And not acquire as well a priggish mien;

If you can feel the touch of silk and satin,

Without despising calico and jean;

If you can ply a saw and use a hammer,

And do a man's work when the need occurs;

Can sing when asked without excuse or stammer;

Can rise above unfriendly snubs and slurs;

If you can make good bread as well as fudges,

Can sew with skill and have an eye for dust;

If you can be a friend and hold no grudges;

A girl whom all will love because they must;

If sometime you should meet and love another

And make a home with faith and peace enshrined,

And you its soul, a loyal wife and mother

You'll work out pretty nearly to my mind

The plan that's been developed through the ages,

And win the best that life can have in store;

You'll be, my girl, a model for the sages;

A woman whom the world will bow before."

Elizabeth L. Otis.

Waterton Lakes Park, Alberta, Canada

By H. C Singer

the seven beautiful reservations set aside by CanadaAMONG in the Rocky Mountains, is none lovelier than Waterton

Lakes National Park. This charming reserve lies on the

eastern slope of the Rockies where they approach the international boundary line. The park forms a rough square with a long L-

shaped section added to the east. Its western boundary is the crest

of the Rocky Mountain divide; its northern, roughly, the Carbondale river; to its east spread the rolling foothills of the province of

Alberta and its southern boundary the beautiful Glacier National

Park of the United States.

About the Waterton Lakes the Indians have woven a beautiful legend. Very long ago, where the park now stands was all unbroken

prairie. Among the tribes lived a young brave, named Sokumapi.

On an evil day he fell into the hands of the Seven Devils, who carried him down to the underworld and made a slave of him. There he

fell in love with another captive, a beautiful maiden, who suggested a way of escape. While the devils slept, the lovers stole away, taking with them three magic gifts, a stick, a stone, and a basket of

water. They fled westward with the evil spirits in fast pursuit, but

when nearly overtaken, Sokumapi threw down a stone. At once

mountains sprang up on the prairie. Profiting by the delay, the lovers

again fled and when again nearly overtaken threw down a stick, and it became a luxuriant forest. From his basket Sokumapi emptied

the water which became a beautiful lake, and in the basket as a canoe the lovers escaped. On the crest of the divide, they made a happy

home and the Indians of the mountains believe to this day their happy spirits haunt the shores of the lovely waters now known as

Waterton Lakes, and from its shores the Seven Devils have departed.

Early in 1857, a white man by the name of Lieut. T. Blakiston, R. A., crossed the pass. He was a member of the famous Palliser

expedition fitted out by her Majesty's Government to explore western Canada with a view to obtaining information as to its possibilities and discovering a route across the mountains in British territory.

The party explored the main passes of the Rockies between Athabasca and the international boundary. Lieutenant Blakiston was

in charge of the expedition which was ordered to explore the passes to the south. On this occasion Waterton received its name, which

was given in honor of Charles Waterton, 17821865, the English naturalist and traveler, world famed for his researches into Indian

April. 19 2?482 IMPROVEMENT ERA

poisons and ornithological work. By 1860 Blakiston had crossed

the pass and arrived at the International Boundary Commission, which was engaged in surveying the boundary between the United

States and Canada.

Eight years later there passed over the mountains one of the

Chalet at Moraine Lake, Near Lake Louise, Alberta, Canada

April. 1929 WATERTON LAKES PARK, ALBERTA, CANADA 483

most picturesque figures of the early West, John George Brown. He

was born in England, educated at Eton and Oxford and was for years an army officer in India. He reached San Francisco in 1862,

and became a cowboy, gold prospector and soldier of fortune. In

1865 he made his way to Fort Edmonton, Alberta, and from one of the mountains nearby, he and his four companions saw the plains below black with buffalo and beyond them, spread out in all its beauty, lay the blue lake engirdled by mountains. Greatly moved

by the scene, Brown decided to settle there and later became the park's first warden and afterwards acting superintendent. He married twice,

halfbreed women, his last wife, a woman of more than ordinary intelligence, surviving him and now living in Waterton Lakes Park.

"Kootenai"Brown (as he came to be called), though suffering privation and hardship, defended the region first chosen by himself and later by the Government from the attack of poacher and vandal.

Unlike the other parks, the reservation cannot be reached directly by rail, the nearest stations being over thirtyfive miles away, one at Pincher Creek and the other at Cardston, in the south, where stands the beautiful "Mormon"temple. But the lakes can be reached

by splendid roads that are a delight to the traveler.

Nearing the mountains the road from Cardston crosses a swiftly flowing river and pretty valley of grassy meadows, and round the bend one passes from prairie land to mountain land, and the lake stretches out in all its grandeur. There may be more imposing parts

of the Rockies but none are surpassing these lakes in loveliness.

Green forests spread around the blue water and, towering high above them, the peaks covered with eternal snow look like fantastic castles and fairy turrets. These have their reflection in the lake, and here

the poet may commune with the Infinite, the weary and sad find surcease from toil and care, while the artist may find many a theme as entrancing as the tales of beauty of faroff Arcadia.

Eastward of the mountains lay the towns of southern Alberta,

Cardston, Lethbridge, Pincher Creek and McLeod, whence come tourists to share the delights of nature. Here on the vast rolling

prairies are the beautiful and well cultivated farms inhabited to a large degree in the south country by Latterday Saints. Here, where

once roamed the buffalo by the thousands, but gone today, they live and worship; where once tribe clashed with tribe, wheat and sugar

beets grow, and there is but little to remind one of exciting hunts and fights.

Still occasionally is seen a halfobliterated wallow near the road side, an old beaten trail, a few poles that mark the site of a once ancient Sun Lodge. But it is believed today that the spirits of the

old braves find rest in the mountains that surround "Omoksiimi"(beautiful waters), now known as Waterton Lakes.

The Family of Jonathan Heaton By Elsie C. Carroll

greatest salvation for THEany young man,"declares a modern journalist, "is for him to find the right hero, the hero that inspires him along the lines of character and talent which he believes he possesses in the highest degree. A man can

do well in anything he attempts if he will just get the right hero, the right ideals in his mind, and never leave them. The biggest

thing in any man's life is his heroes."Does the fact that the one hundred eightyseven living members of Jonathan Heaton's family all keep the Word of The Jonathan Heaton Home at Moccasin, suggest that they have Arizona Wisdom had the right kind of heroes and ideals to inspire them?

At any rate that fact is most interesting in this day of comparatively loose family numbering one hundred eightyseven living—a

members of whom it can be said that none of them use tea, coffee, tobacco or liquor; that none of their names are listed among the lawbreakers of any court; that they are all living clean, active, successful

lives., That these people do have the right kind of heroes and ideals is suggested by the following statement of one of Brother Heaton's sons "We often read in the daily papers and magazines of some man who has accomplished a great thing before he passed to the great beyond. I do not believe in waiting until my father is dead to

express my feelings about the great thing he has done. Often in my

travels I have heard such expressions as this: 'I wish the old man

had left me a little money or property.'Such statements have

caused me to ask myself the question, What is the best thing a man can leave to his posterity when he passes from this life? And such ponderings have made me realize and appreciate the heritage my father

April, 1929 THE FAMILY OF JONATHAN HEATON 485 and mother have given me. When I think of the things great men

have achieved, I cannot think of anything greater than the achievements of my father and his wives, who have given to the world twenty-six sons and daughters, and who, through their noble, unselfish lives and by their precepts and example have taught those children the principles of the Gospel and true citizenship to the extent that they and their families are all trying to live as Latterday Saints should live."

This statement of the son's seems almost like an echo of an expressed prayer of the father's. In commenting upon the success he

has had with his family, and in reply to a number of questions,

Brother Heaton made this remark in one of his answers:

"I think the Lord has been very good to me. Before I was

married I used to tell the Lord that if he gave me a family I wanted him to give me strength, wisdom and understanding enough to return them all back to him clean and that is still my pure—and

prayer."It is evident that the Lord heard the prayers of that young man

The Jonathan Heaton Family. Twentyfive of His Twentysix Children are here Shown.

486 IMPROVEMENT ERA April. 1929

fifty years ago, and gave him both the family and the wisdom and understanding he desired.

Jonathan Heaton was married to Amy Hoyt on his eighteenth birthday, September 22, 1875, in the Endowment House, in Salt

Lake City. Three years later he married Lucy Carroll. It is an

unusual privilege for a man to celebrate two Golden Weddings in his lifetime, yet that pleasure has been Brother Heaton's. At the time

of these marriages, which was, of course, long before the "Manifesto"of President Woodruff, Jonathan Heaton and his wives were members of the United Order, which was at that time flourishing in the little town of Orderville. He and his wife Amy were the first couple

married after the Order was established, and they lived in the Order as long as it lasted. Throughout the Church, United Orders had

been organized according to a plan worked out by President Young and other authorities. These operated with varying degrees of success for a few years after their establishment; but none of the others

lasted as long or worked as efficiently as the one at Orderville. There

the people lived for about ten years as one big family. They ate

together in a large community dining hall, and took turns working in the kitchen, the commissary, the tannery, the woolen factory and the many other shops and offices, just as the members of a large family might do. A large building in the center of the village, designated as "The Big House,"together with tents and wagons, provided

sleeping quarters for the different families. All the property was

held in common, and each person was apportioned what he needed by a controlling body known as the Board of Directors. A strong

bond of brotherly love developed among these people, which marked the community for many years after the breaking up of the Order.

The few surviving members of the organization still love to recount the good times they experienced "in the days of the Order."

In commenting on this period of his life, Brother Heaton recently said:

"We had no home at that time. During most of the time for a

year or two our best room was a wagon box. Our first child was

born at the saw mill which used to stand at the forks of the road a number of miles north of Orderville. We were at all times subject to

the wishes of the Board of Directors, and didn't stay long in one place."From the time he was seventeen years of age, Brother Heaton was given much responsibility. At that age he was appointed by

the Board to act as foreman over a company of men, many of them old enough to be his grandfather. It was a saying among his friends

and fellowworkers that Jonathan Heaton could get more willing labor out of men than any one in the community. The secret of this,

they claimed, was that his motto was always "come"instead of "go"

April, 19 29 THE FAMILY OF JONATHAN HEATON 487

motto to which much of the success of his family can also be—a

attributed.

During the period of the Order, Brother Heaton and his wives were called to superintend the work of raising cotton for the Order on a large farm near Washington. They lived there for four years,

successfully carrying on the work that had been assigned to them.

When asked about the success with which he carried on such responsibilities at so early an age, Brother Heaton replied:

"I always thought if the Board had confidence enough in me to put me in such places, I would do the best I could; and as sixty

days was all the schooling I ever had, I had to shoot or give up the gun."After the Order broke up, Brother Heaton was chosen counselor to Bishop Henry W. Esplin, which position he held for a num

ber of years, until he moved to the northern part of Kane county, then called Upper Kanab, the present cite of Alton, which town owes its creation and development to the Heaton family.

Today Brother Heaton has a large home at Alton, where his wife Amy resides, and one at Moccasin, Arizona, in which Sister

Lucy lives, and many of his sons and daughters have their homes at

Home Built by Jonathan Heaton for His Children While They Were Attending High

School at Beaver, Utah

April. M9488 IMPROVEMENT ERA

one or the other of these two places. The family has thus been able

to work on a cooperative basis, which helps to account for the financial successes it has attained.

Besides his two wives and twentysix sons and daughters and their wives and husbands, Brother Heaton now has one hundred six living grandchildren, eleven grandsons and granddaughtersin- law, and twenty greatgrandchildren, making the total of living members in his family one hundred eightyseven.

The contribution of this family in service to the Church is something of which they may well be proud. When asked regarding

the missionary work of his family Brother Heaton made this statement:

"My own children have spent a total of twentyone years in the mission field. I have spent $19,000.00 for missionary work,

and it has brought better returns than any other money I have ever spent. There are three of my grandchildren on missions now, and

of course my family have used a lot of means for missions besides what I have spent."

The fact is, -that twenty of the one hundred eightyseven mem bers of the family have filled missions, many of them to foreign fields.

All of Brother Heaton's sons and daughters except one are engaged in Church activities. At the present time his sons are holding the following Church positions:

In stake presidency, 1; high councilor, 1; bishop (also one

just released), 1; bishop's counselors, 2; presidents of elders'quorums, 2; president of seventies, 1; presidents stake Y. M. M. I. A., 2;

secretary of Mutual, 1; superintendent ward Sunday School, 1

assistant superintendents, 2. His other children are all engaged as

teachers, secretaries, etc., in the different organizations.

The members of Brother Heaton's family have not alone been successful in their religious lives, but thy have achieved temporal success as well. They all have good homes and good businesses—his

sons being chiefly engaged in stockraising, farming and building and are among the leading citizens in the communities in which they live.

When asked how he had accomplished so much with his family along the lines of personal success, Brother Heaton made this comment: "I have always kept them busy, letting them use their own judgment and initiative as much as possible, and I have tried to give them a practical above all, my children have education—and,

had good mothers. We have always tried to be as one."

One of the sons in commenting upon the success of his father with this large family said:

"I believe the reason father and our mothers have succeeded

April, 1929 THE FAMILY OF JONATHAN HEATON 489

The Jonathan Heaton Home at Alton, Utah so well in this is because they have always prayed with us every night and morning, and have taught us to pray from our infancy.

Father eliminated the devil's workshop, idleness, by always having

Isomething for us all to do. We have all been well taught and

believe that to marry well and to rear clean, noble families is the greatest calling of Latterday Saints. I know nothing more valuable

that could be given to a family than the examples and teachings that have been given to us."

Brother Heaton and his two deserving wives are all in the best of health and are living happily and contentedly in the Kanab stake surrounded by their splendid families. It must truly be a

source of satisfaction to them to watch this procession of fine men and women they have given to the world, going forward, clean and upright, in the service of their fellowmen and their God.

This living monument to the ideals and precepts and examples of these parents should serve as a source of inspiration to other parents still going through the struggle of endeavoring to mould real men and women. Also the successful lives of the children of

Brother Heaton should convince young people of our Church that the best heroes boys and girls can take to serve, as inspiration and guides, are their own heroic Latterday Saint fathers and mothers.

The Law of Life By A. C. Lambert, B. Y. U.

And the young man came to the to deny life. To 'be good'denies me

teacher asking, "What is the use of life."

being good?"And the teacher answered, "I wish

treasAnd the teacher replied, "Have you that you could possess early the not read that 'Righteousness exalteth ure that is beyond the price of wealth power to know yourself. But a nation?'And that 'The Lord, our—the

it. God, is a jealous God, and visiteth his neither wealth nor wishing can give

it you can not see comanger upon them that do evil?'And without

And the young man said, "Yes, it pletely the answer to your question.

But let >us attempt an answer, and in is so written. But this nation lived

terms of life itself. You speak well to very long ago and the ways of their

God are strange to me. I do not quessay that the nature of life ought to be

an adequate measure of the goods of tion God, but neither do I understand life. But you fail to bring forwardsome of the sayings. I think I know

the complete nature of life. Let usmore of life than of God. So let us

see. talk of life. Why should I be good "You do not grasp the heated ironwhen the way of goodness seems to because you have learned that it scars render life so artificial and so barren?

your flesh. Neither do you jump fromHere am I in the full vigor of youth.

On every hand are avenues of delight a high precipice, even though the flight promises to be exhilarating, becausebut many of them labeled with your you know that destruction lies at theconventional 'Thou shalt not.'Why bottom. Your intelligence examines theshould I forego the power and adconditions of life and teaches you thevantage which wealth brings when by way of survival. The conditions ofskillful management and adequate atlife itself furnish the measure of life'stention to my own interests I may gain conduct. That is a good principle.wealth and use it as I please? Honesty

as a policy? Perhaps, but why should It is the key to 'being good.'For goodness, or morality, or the way of I not get mine whenever the getting

is good? It is the law of survival that right living, is the voice of experience

and intelligence in the ways of life. Lethe who can shall take, and he who has me state it so you can think with me.shall keep. Altruism, justice, and

Here I am in the midst of life. I havecharity are but highsounding words

Iand of little practical application. To experiences. I think about them.

love my competitor as myself is a gosdiscover that some experiences have more value for me than others. Somepel of foolishness. Working for others

acts bring greater satisfactions, someis a doctrine of waste.

less; some acts become good and some

"Or, why may I not take the pleasbecome bad. In this manner I learn

ures of life where I find them? Na- a fundamental truth of life—that

is not ofture has made me full of desires, and morality, or "being good,"the world has the means of their satisnecessity something externally imposed faction. To deny these pleasures is to upon me by someone who wants to

deny the nature of my own being. take all the fun out of life, but it is

Surely the nature of life ought to be an a condition inherent in the very nature adequate measure of the ways of life, of life itself; it grows out of life and

and to fail to live as life demands is is that which gives life meaning and

April. 19 29 THE LAW OF LIFE 491

significance. I can not escape morality can live for yourself and by yourself

since I can not escape the eternal necesand make your own life. But in reality

sity of searching for the better thing. all that you can say is that you live

If I choose a lesser good when a greater with yourself but always among other is possible, I deny the very nature of selves. And from yourself you can

my being, and I lose life. The disnever escape. And from what others

covery of such loss brings me suffering do and what they think about what and unhappiness. If I choose the you do and from the things which

greater good, I find added life and enthey do as a result of what you do during happiness. Life itself forces there can be no escape. The tomorrows

me to the good, for goodness is |the do come and the memories of the yesway with which intelligence and expeterdays do remain. And the measure

rience oppose the ways of ignorance of the tomorrows and the measure of and impulse. The most basic reason the memories is that which you do

for 'being good'is that we can not in a world with other people.

escape it.""Now the voice of righteousness or

And the young man asked, "But of any given code of morals is the acwhy should one be good in any parcumulated wisdom of people who have ticular way br fashion? Why be good lived life through under a given set of

in the approved ways? Perhaps we conditions, who have lived through the

can find ways that are better than the todays and the tomorrows which have old ways."always followed. They have seen life

And the teacher said, "This is a functioning in the complex interre- more difficult step perhaps because you lationships necessary to group life, and can not live life in advance, neither over long periods of time. The 'Shahs'

can you live the life of other people and the 'Shalt Not's'which come except indirectly. You are forced to down to youth is the voice of the race

accept the testimony of those members passing on its experiences and its wisof the race who have traveled the road dom. 'He is wise who seeks not to

of life and who have seen more fully mould his life according to his longwhat are the complete conditions of ings, but who accepts the rules of the life which give an adequate measure of game and follows the paths blazed by living. It is true that we must always the seers and doers before him. Only

leave the way open for the better ways. those individuals and those nations

Not all good has been discovered and have achieved success that have been crystallized into codes, but it seems to willing to learn and follow the ideals be equally true that human nature exwhich life itself imposes, the eternal hibits certain constants, certain fundalaws which religious men call the will mental threads of life that may be of God.'

traced through all times, and it is upon "Honesty and truthfulness are the these abiding verities that we must warp and woof of confidence, and weave the pattern of our lives. Cerwithout confidence social life would be

tain facts persist. Of some things you impossible. And without the group

may be sure. You will go on living life your life as an individual would

and thinking and choosing and remembe infinitely barren. To be consistently

bering. Your acts will continue to give selfish you must render active allegiance

greater or lesser satisfaction; results to ',the basic virtues. Without the

of acts will be what they will be and virtues of charity and justice and servnot any amount of hoping will change ice we all live less abundantly.

the results. You will continue to live "Unregulated pleasures of the flesh

in a world where other people live do not deliver continuing happiness. It

and think and act and seek fulfillment is the voice of race experience verified of desires. You may think that you times without number that the limits

April. 1929492 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of enjoyment on the level of the animal and who have learned most truly that nature of men are soon reached and the conditions of life itself set the satiety replaces pleasure. That which measure of full and happy living.

once seemed so full of possibilities for They have learned that he who would life soon loses its power to deliver find life's finest gifts must often deny happy life and becomes as gall and himself its gaudiest. Life as it is lived

wormwood. The fire unregulated soon sets the measure of conduct, but it

burns itself out and only dead ashes must be life as it is lived in its enremain from which the living flame tirety."

may not be rekindled. And followThe teacher ceased, and the young

ing unregulated pleasures memory man asked, "Then the good of being creeps in to mock and to curse. good is that it is the way of life, the

"Experience is the greatest of all way of life in its fulness?"

teachers. Life is the fundamental revAnd the teacher said, "Yes. Rightelation of life. Young man, capitalize eousness is the Law of Life."

upon the experiences of those who have And the young man went his way, preceded you along the way of life thinking.

It Does Not Pay!

"Remember the Sabbath Day to keep it Holy."

It does not pay To break the Sabbath Day!

The apparent gain is loss.

You've missed the precious gold

And seized the dross.

It does not pay To break the Sabbath Day The work you feel In duty bound to do Can all be done within the time

God has appointed you.

Six days for labour God and worldly rest. Seventh—for

Do the "Fourth Command"- this—obey

be blest. Trust—and

Lcthbridge, Canada David Horton Elton

Be the parcel, not the wrapper; be a woman, not a flapper.

Stand up to your fate, for you can,

Just lift up your eyes, to the blue of the skies,

Be ready to marry a man!

Susa Young Gates The Martyrdom By Brigham S. Young

If you had known Glasgow near bing the night air, came the highthe middle of the last century, you pitched tones of some female enwould have known a city of some thusiast, or, as was more likely, it intemperance and some intolerance, would be the sonorous drone of some but of an integrity wholly Scotch. brawny Scot contending for a finely

The Glasgow Green was a grand drawn theological point which distinplace for the lads and lassies; they guished his cult from another nearly

gathered there summer evenings in akin to it.

hundreds; their goodnatured chaff The young people of the crowds

was shrewd and entertaining, though sauntered laughingly and leisurely their repartee was sometimes sharp and from group to group, usually lingereven insulting and not infrequently ing longest where the hybrid minstrels led to personal encounters between the sighed out "Mah Old Kentucky lads, with the lassies ofttimes joining Home"or raucously assailed the ear in, but "broadly speakin'"the with "Hear dem Bells."

mingling of these hundreds was kindAmong the throngs one Sabbath ly and amusing. evening, were a young man and woman

A balmy air with a tang of the who hurried breathlessly from group sea coming up the Cylde, lent a fine to group, stopping only long enough invigoration, and with your lassie's to get the drift of the talk, and not hand tucked under your arm, or, as finding what they sought, the lad imsome of them were placed, about each patiently exclaiming "an that's no other's necks, life was riotously happy them,"would hurry away; but after a

and little thought was given to the search which extended over the better change and care which freighted the part of an hour, and in an unfrecoming years. quented corner of the Green, they came

The Green was bounteously supupon a little knot of lowly speaking plied with amusements, Punch and and intently listening people, who

Judy shows were frequent; negro were evidently desirous of escaping the

minstrels, with banjo, harmonica and attention of those who sought only tambourine accompaniment, sang liltamusement.

ing Southern melodies with a broad Listening but a moment, the boy

Scotch accent, as a sweetfaced tot announced to his companion "Aye passed the hat for such hardsqueezed they're the lads I was tellin'you of,"contributions as the swains could afand giving his companion's hand a ford or the accompanying lass deemed reassuring squeeze continued, "Now, "suffeecient."Jeannie lass, you'll hear something."

Political discussion raged and LiberAs did the others of the group, so al or Conservative speakers were they stood in rapt silence until the mercilessly heckled by a sarcastic opservice was concluded by prayer, when position; in other groups could be the deep and reverent tones of a heavily

heard open Socialism, and it was even bearded convert thanked the Divine darkly hinted that if one knew just One "that He had restored the Gospel where to look, there could be found of the Lord Jesus Christ."The servlong-haired, snaky foreigners, hissing ice concluded, they still lingered, drawdangerous doctrines of the Revolution, ing closely about "the elders,"asking

murder and the torch. eager questions, while some among the

Religion, too, raised her voice; stabgroup related incidents of miraculous

April. 1929494 IMPROVEMENT ERA

healings, or boys bore "testimony"to sat poor Jeannie, struggling vainly to the wondrous gifts of the spirit, and grasp truths far beyond her power to one, a slip of a girl, asked that she be comprehend.

given a place to stay, until she could Faithfully and tearfully she plodded arrange her affairs, as she had been told the path of patient endeavor, but only on leaving home that evening, "If you succeeded in more hopelessly entanggo to the 'Mormons', you will find ling herself in abstruse spiritual inthe door locked when you return."tricacies, and what glimmerings of unLifelong friendships and even the derstanding came to her, were so at

sacred ties of family were rent asunvariance with all her former teachings der if one so much as dared believe that she perforce must reject them.

the scripture, and almost it seemed One Sabbath, when they had beenthere was a shifting back to those days at service the entire day, for all recof stern suppression, when severe reation, friends, everything had beenpenalties were inflicted on those who thrust aside for this newly found and dared express belief in the Protestant soulabsorbing faith which dominated scripture. their waking moments and even crept "Did ye mind what he said, into their dreams, the boy announcedJeannie, a young man in America had his determination to apply for bapseen God? And why not, lass? The tism.

ancients saw him. The scripture reads

"An will ye leave me an gangthat Abraham not only saw him but away? Dinna do that, laddie."walked and talked with him as well,

lass, when I gangaye, even as one man walks and talks "Na na, Jeannie wi another."ye'll gang wi me,"tenderly and positively he assured her. "But Johnnie, does na the scripture

say, too, he hauds the Hivins in his The formalities imposed by the haunds? He could na do that if he elders'questions as to their underwere but a man, and the meenister says, standing fundamentals, family objecGod is everywhere, and that's no postions, etc., being complied with, the

sible if he were but like a man."boy answering all inquiries and the girl

And so they walked and argued, assenting with feverish alacrity, they the boy with a growing conviction were inducted into the Church through that these boys, whom he had now the door of baptism.

twice heard preaching on the Green, Then began a long period of privataught something as different as it was tion and saving, for the momentous strange and which gripped him unjourney to the Mecca of Zion—Zion,

accountably, robbing him of interest the that towered converts,—Zion,

in everything about him, save this girl above the horizon of their drab lives whom he loved and with whom he like a city of rose and pearl—Zion

strove tenderly and persistently, that where was peace and prosperity and she might see these mighty truths love and where every man sought the which were rooting themselves deep in good of his neighbor, and the Saints his soul. lived in the glow of continuous revelaMonths went by but never a meettion.

ing was held in the city that did not They reveled in dreams, dreams find the lad a keen and intent listener which made work, persecution, the to these boys who proclaimed "the inhuman treatment of family and everlasting Gospel,"and as he drank friends mere incidents, which they in their every word, expressions of apbrushed aside as brambles obstructing proval and acceptance were drawn a hillside path. The spirit of the boy

from him in protracted sighs, or as seized upon Jeannie, and while she did sometimes a convulsive sob attesting not understand, yet she shared his his deep conviction, while beside him glowing enthusiasm.

April, 1929 THE MARTYRDOM 495

Young, hopeful, fervent, they toiled with her as a "bright exhalation"and saved, and then one ecstatic day through all the weary and uncompretheir little hoard of savings had grown hending years which followed, and to be "enough"to take them to Zion. only her love for the boy stayed her

They danced and sang and hugged and hand, but for him she would toss kissed each other in transports of joy. aside Zion with all he had pictured it,

Zion, Heaven, was just over the sea! but she could not renounce him; reThe squalid tenement where they calling the scripture she realized its

lived, reeking with odors of the gutter tragic import, "For where thou goest and close human contact, slipped away, I will go, thy people shall be my peoand in its stead appeared shining, ple, and thy God my God."And so

shining palaces, resting amid gardens for him and her love for him, accepting which breathed the fragrance of the a faith not understood, she went unfabled Indies, so wondrous are the flinchingly to her martyrdom.

effects of youth and religious enAmerica was reached, and after a thusiasm. weary drag of lengthening weeks, toilJeannie must go to the country for ing over sunbaked plains in blistering

a brief visit, to an aunt who had taken heat, climbing bleak hills which led her when a little tot from the arms of to jagged and frowning mountains, a tired mother who lay at rest in the crossing icy torrents that carried the churchyard of the village where chill of death in their raging flow,

Jeannie was born. they came to the "valley"and beheld

While at home she went again to ZION. Was this that city painted by

church, and sat where she had sat as the "elders"in such glowing terms as child and maiden, and heard again the made it seem a paradise on earth? Was

well remembered tones of the "meenthis the city of their dreams? They

ister"drone through the sermon, such sank upon the ground in broken dean one as she could understand, she spair and sobbed out their disappointsang again the old and dearly loved ment in each other's arms. The Zion

hymns, and read again the prayers they beheld was but the ugly seed from the revered prayer book and felt which one day shall bring the fruit at peace with all the world. and flower of their dreams.

These she could understand, here They settled among friends in a were no elusive points of doctrine little village nestling at the foot of which unsettled conviction and scatfearsome mountains mountains—those

tered to the winds the faith she had which, when they first beheld them, clung to and lived in the dear past, and loomed so darkly in their path, as which she was now about to put away blocking their way to all earthly hapforever. Cradled here in this haven, piness, but which they learned to love,

was all her heart's desire, if only hei and which in their changed aspect boy were with her, and he could see stood as mighty bulwarks to ward and hear and feel as she did. away the menace of the world.

The day of parting, which they had Life was simple and uneventful in sought to hide and cover amid the this retired mountain valley and they round of gaieties, burst upon them, prospered exceedingly in the new land, leaving them in dumb terror at its full for they were thrifty folk and knew meaning, for Jeannie knew, as did they the economy which is wrung from all, that never again on earth should want.

they behold each others'faces, and Many children came to teach them death as surely came between them as the real lessons of life, the meaning of if it had been the grave, to tear them the injunction "increase and multifrom each other while they let lived. ply."To multiply they must expand;

That week in the village remained expansion meant education; schools

April, 1929496 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were distant and expensive; but pain grimy hands what they had lost

tient and intelligent toil brought recapacity to contain, or waiting in tearsults. Their boys grew to be fine, ful impatience about a giant barrel

stalwart fellows, and the girls, thrifty where sweating servitors ladled out and charming. lemonade.

Aunt Jean, as she was called, was It was a hungry, homely, healthy known and loved by the whole settlegathering, happy in its holiday, with ment and in truth for miles around, no suggestion of rancor or rowdyism.

but she was a home body and took no The afternoon was given over to part in public, her home was her little sports, footracing, wrestling, baseball world, for long ago her understanding and horse pulling contests, but the full husband had left off persuading her to finale, the culminating feature of the go among the congregations of the day, was the big dance at night, and

Saints; her quiet appeal that she be as the evening fell, preparations for

permitted to remain at home was rehome busied the tired parents and spected, but her husband knew and satiated children.

cherished her more tenderly for the The lowing cattle coming from knowing. their pastures along the creek, lent the

Always she was urgent that her music of their distant bells, and the children be prompt and constant in purpling shadows creeping toward the every duty exacted by her husband's summits of those mighty mountains

Church, and hers as far as she could foretold the sweet coolness of a serene comprehend it. and starry night.

Her boys went on missions, and The young people, hand in hand, one of them preached in the little vilwent singing along the treefringed lage where she had lived; her aunt had roads bidding each other be early at

long since passed on and lay beside the the dance.

mother Jean had never known, but One group, among them some of there were those who still remembered Aunt Jean's children, trooped into the "little Jean,"and many was the rambling old home set among shade friendly hand that went out to her and orchard trees to see her and reboy because they had known and count the triumphs of the day, but she loved his mother. was not at her accustomed place beside

It was the "Twentyfourth,"and the shaded window and they sought all the settlement had gathered at the her, calling through the rooms.

"Meeting House"to do honor to the They found her dressed in her

Pioneers. Scotch silk, lying asleep where she had

The morning was devoted to the lain wearily down; across her

program and some of Aunt Jean's shrunken breast her folded hands family took part, for they were clasped the little prayer book thumbed talented above the average, but even and tearstained. She had gone with

her children's public appearance did the day, borne upward with the not draw her from her seclusion. shadows which brought the night; her

At noon the public luncheon was gentle spirit had climbed those heights spread beneath the great trees the early where she could see all things earthly, settlers had planted about the buildand understand what had so mystified ing under the wise counsel of the her here.

"authorities,"and the bursting baskets She lay, a wondrous creature, the were relieved of their fragrant and devotary of a love which had led her licious contents. blindly through the years, where she

The settlement was noted for its walked always uncomprehending, in many children and they were there in solitude, clad in the sombre habiliscurrying, noisy numbers, clutching ments of a religious martyrdom.

Gentile Gibbs'Boy FirstPrize Story, By Mrs. Elsie Chamberlain Carroll

The drop of a pin could have been looked in her direction and each time heard in the crowded little church as the tan of his cheeks seemed to deepen.

the voice of the young man ended his Immediately after adjournment masterful speech. It was the final one the young winner was surrounded by

of the contest. For a moment no one congratulating friends. I crowded up

stirred. Then the old man on the with the rest of them, and when Bishfront row, whose rapt face had robop Whiting said, "Donald, Brother

bed the brilliant young speaker of part Blank of the General Board would like of my attention, drew a handkerchief to shake hands with you,"I was hapfrom his pocket and blew his nose. Inpy to tell the young man how proud

stantly the spell was broken. There we were of the thing he had done. He

was a thunder of applause, followed received my congratulations with reby a subdued buzz of appreciative serve, but with genuine appreciation.

comments. The judges, as everyone He soon left the stage and began

knew they would, awarded the prize to talking with the old man, while the the last speaker, listed as number four little browneyed girl stood waiting a in the contest. few steps away.

While the choir was preparing to The Bishop had invited me to spend sing, I leaned over and asked Bishop the night with him, so as soon as we

Whiting the name of the boy who had were in his car and headed for his just finished. home, I reminded him of his promise.

tell me, Bishop, "That's Donald "You were going to McKell—GentileGibbs'boy,"he answered; adding about that young lad who won the

Gibbs'boy, youhurriedly, "remind me to tell you his contest—Gentile

story."called him."

There wasn't any danger of my for- "Yes, yes; a very interesting story

and helpful because it's true and hapgetting to remind him, for never in all midst.my experience in M. I. A. work had pened right here in our own

my interest been so challenged by the "You perhaps know,"the Bishop words of a young speaker. I am afraid commenced, "that Hank Gibbs had

I didn't hear much of the song for my been the only permanent Gentile in eyes kept seeking the face of the young Banak for as far back as most of us contestant. It was not a handsome can remember. There have been tranthen, butface, but there was character written sients, of course, now and

all over it. The old man whose eager Gentile Gibbs has always been with us.

a regularlistening had attracted me was also and as we used to say, he was

I remember when 1still looking up at the boy who had 'Mormon'eater.

just spoken, his face shining with was a youngster, during the period we adoring pride. I wondered if that was used the term 'the raid,'when men

Gentile Gibbs of whom I had heard on with plural wives lived in a regular my intermittent visits to Banak. I was nightmare of dread of the deputy marnot long in discovering that a third shals who used continually to harass

pair of eyes was neglecting the music them, old man Gibbs usually spent to stray to the sandyhaired lad. These most of his time securing information

were soft brown eyes, looking out for 'the deps,'and several of our older from the pretty face, framed with men have him to thank for their terms brown curls, of a little girl who sat in in the state prison and for what their the choir. Two or three times the lad families suffered in consequence."

April. 1919498 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"But,"I interrupted the Bishop, as we sat in his comfortable living "wasn't that he, there on the front room.

row most attentive and "You see because little Donald was tonight—theappreciative person in the room?"old man Gibbs'boy he was at once

"Yes; that's what makes it all so apart, and branded as a ostracized—set

interesting. Gentile. As a child he was retiring and

"You see we had grown up here in shy, and as none of the other children

Banak to regard Hank Gibbs as the emsought his companionship he lived in a bodiment of all that is evil, never world of his own. In school he was

dreaming that there might be a vein of very bright and read everything availgood in his character if only someone able, but he took no part in school should try to reach it. is, he was given no doings—that

"He wasn't always a chance to participate in the normal Gentile,—an

apostate, you see. When he was a activities of school and community life

boy, so I recall, soon after he had marall because he was Gentile Gibbs'—and

ried Emily Callister, the daughter of boy.

Bishop Callister, who had been sent "You remember perhaps that a few down here to help settle this part of years ago there was quite an oil enthe country, he was disfellowshiped thusiasm created about some wells for something he considered quite indiscovered just south of here. It

significant. From jthat time he was a brought in a flock of adventurers. Sevbitter enemy of the Church. His young eral families, in fact, came and settled

wife died a few years later, of a broken for the winter here in Banak. There

heart, as everyone said, leaving a little were among them half a dozen younggirl. sters a little older than Donald. They

"Brother and Sister Callister, naturtook him into their crowd and almost ally, wanted to take the baby, but over night he seemed to have become

Gibbs took her away to a relative of a different boy. He lost interest in

his in California, and we never did school. He began to smoke and to sit

hear much about her. Once in a great on the street corners and try to tell

while she would come out for a short as vile jokes, or swear as profanely, as visit, and while her grandmother the rest of them.

Callister lived I think she sort of kept "That winter we had a regular reign in touch with her. of terror here. Our own youngsters

"Then we heard she was married went through the hoodlum period of and later that her husband had been course as each new crop came along;

killed in the World War. Soon after but we had never known what it

that she came back with her little boy meant to have our nights disturbed and kept house for her father. But it by drunken yelling and profanity in

was only for a couple of years, for she the streets; to have our cars stolen and

died when Donald was about ten smashed up and our places of business years old. looted.

"I have often thought of late, "The strange thing about it was the

Brother Blank,"the Bishop commentway old man Gibbs took this change ed as we started up the path to the in Donald. My own wife couldn't

house, after putting the car in the gahave been more distracted had she seen rage, "that we Latterday Saints who our Joe suddenly going to the dogs.

have borne so much persecution He used to spend his nights hunting should have learned the lesson of tolerfor the boy, and he paid out hundreds ance. But we haven't learned it; we of dollars making good the damages

are just as intolerant and probably as done by the boy and his associates.

cruel in our way as many of our "It was two years ago last fall that persecutors."the gang took a car from the curb in

The Bishop went on with his story front of the Coop. store one night and

April. 1929 GENTILE GIBBS'BOY 499

went over to Granville, which is across "We had asked Benson to take over and,the state line, you know. There they the M Men's group in Mutual

got some whisky, and while coming although school had been going but a back about three o'clock in the mornlittle over a month, he had contacted ing they ran into the car of some tourwith every boy in town and with their ists who were camped by the road homes. When that affair happened he

about a mile east of town. A woman knew more about Hank Gibbs'boy

and a child who were sleeping in the than all the rest of us had learned in car were rather seriously hurt as were the seven or eight years he had lived also Donald and one of the other boys. here.

"The three boys of the gang who "I'll never forget the night Benson were not injured walked back to came to see me. It was the night beGranville and somehow got out of the fore the boy's case was to come up for

country before the officers learned of final hearing. I'm sure I have never

the job. felt so chagrined and unworthy of my

"Donald and his companion were position in my life.

of course arrested, and things looked 'Bishop,'Benson said, 'we've got pretty serious for them. The other to save that boy. He's not a criminal

boy was nearly twentyone and Donany more than your Joe is. He's a vicald only seventeen, so they tried them tim suppose I shouldn't say of—I

separately. When the older boy was I wonder if you or any prejudice—but

sentenced to a term in the penitentiary, one in your ward really know the boy.

people began to say that if the judge He's been denied all the normal social would only send Donald to the recontacts a boy ought to have because form school for a few years (since his grandfather is a least Gentile,—at

the rest of the gang had skipped), the that's as I understand the matter community might breathe easy again. though I may, of course, be mistaken.'

"During the preliminary hearing and Benson paused to give me a chance to the time between that and the trial, tell him he was mistaken, but I old man Gibbs went about like a wild couldn't.

man, declaring that Donald had been "Then he told me about the boy led into the trouble by the older boys loneliness and the different ways—his

and that if there was any justice in he had tried to substitute things in his the law they wouldn't make a criminal life to take the place of the things we of him by sending him up and brandself-righteous folks had denied him.

ing him for life. But most everyone We had rather restrained our children

in town had some grudge against the when they wanted to play with old man and thought this served him him. We hadn't welcomed him

right for the way he had made other into the organizations of the Church.

people suffer. He had been shunned merely because

"It's strange, isn't it,"the Bishop he was Gentile Gibbs'boy. So he had

stopped to philosophize, "how blind built birdhouses in his grandfather's our prejudices can make us?"Not one orchard, and had collected moths and

of us was thinking of the boy and butterflies and studied and written up what this was going to do to him. We their habits, and had made a little

were all rather gloating over the fact aquarium out in the barn, and had that after all Gentile Gibbs was getcollected quite a library of government ting what he deserved. It took a bulletins on a dozen different subjects.

stranger to see Donald's side of the af- "'Why Donald is the most interfair and to show us what an unChris- esting lad in this town,'Benson detain lot we had been. That stranger clared to me, 'and it's our duty to

was Hal know him, our save him.'Benson,—youseminary teacher who was new that "I was amazed at the things he told

year. me about the boy, and still was unApril, 1029500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

willing to give up my prejudices. I was trying to resign himself to the

reminded Benson that the boy had loss of the only thing in the world he picked up with those rough chaps from loved.

the south almost as soon as they ar- "When we had really convinced the rived in town, and that there was an old man that we were genuinely interold saying about 'birds of a feather."ested in the boy and wanted to see that

'The fact that he took up with the best thing possible was done for them is no proof at all of any natural him, the old fellow broke down and criminal instincts,'Benson insisted. cried like a baby.

'Any normal boy is gregarious—he "Well the outcome was that Donald

likes to be with others of his own age. was given a year's sentence but was paIt was the most natural thing in the roled to Benson.

world that he should fall in with them "Benson persuaded him to come when they showed him a little friendback to school and with the support of liness. Perhaps I ought not to say it the other boys and what little help

Bishop, but those youngsters are not I could give him, finally got Donso much to blame for Donald McKell's ald to feeling that he was a member of delinquency as you people right here in the community and not a pariah. He

Banak are.'Benson got all warmed began by taking part in school activup as he explained some things to me ities; then he started to come to Sunday

from a psychological viewpoint that I School and Mutual. Before the winter

had never sensed before."was over he was one of the most active

At this point Bishop Whiting sat members of the M Men's group. The

long looking into space; I had to reresult was that in the spring just before

mind him that he hadn't finished the school was out he came to Benson one story. day and said he wanted to be baptized.

"The had the trial I trial—they "Talk about dramatic incidents insuppose?"stories,"the Bishop went on after anyes,"the Bishop another pause, "you don't read things "Oh—yes,

swered, coming out of his reverie with a much more dramatic than what we had start. "First, though, I went with Benright here in Banak the day Donald

son to see the had him there was baptized. We don't have a font, boy—they

in the jail. It was just dusk when we but do our baptizing down in the reswent, and he looked so little and lonely ervoir below town. Saturday afterin that bare his head and noon, the last of May, had been set cell—and

one arm still bandaged. Well, I felt apart for baptisms. A large group of

extremely guilty for the things we children were ready for the ordinance, hadn't tried to do for the boy. I had since no baptizing had been done durnever noticed before how much his eyes ing the winter months. That, together

were like his Grandmother Callister's, with the fact, which had become and I couldn't help thinking what if it known, that Donald was going to behad been our a place where come a member of the Church, brought Joe—in

nobody cared any more than we had about half the town out. The time

cared., | set was four o'clock. Everybody was

"When we left the jail we went to wondering how old man Gibbs would see Hank Gibbs and to talk things over take whether he knew or not. it—and

with him. I dreaded had He had rarely been seen on the streets that—he

been so wild at first and he hated or in places of business all winter.

everybody in at least we Heretofore it had always been his cusBanak—or

thought he did. But the sight of the tom to spend his afternoons on the

old fellow, huddled in a corner of the street corners or in front of the post untidy kitchen, was even more pathetic, office or stores, railing at things in genif possible, than the sight of the boy eral, but at the Church and Church had been. He had lost all hope and officials in particular. Naturally there

April, 1929 GENTILE GIBBS'BOY 501

was considerable excited speculations as fully. When Donald stepped upon

to how he would take Donald's bapthe bank, the grandfather seized both tism. his hands and bent over him.

"The children were baptized first "We all stood there watching. For

and Benson was just going into the a moment there wasn't a sound or a water to officiate for Donald when a movement. Then Hank Gibbs turned

suppressed whisper ran through the to me and said:

crowd that Gibbs was coming. We all 'Bishop, do you think—Godlooked up the road, and sure enough, insulted should would—be? if—youthe old man on his sorrel mare was baptize—me—againhurrying toward us. There was a "Well, we baptized him. And sincetense silence. Instinctively we all felt that time he hasn't missed a meeting

sure that he had heard about Donald and he's paid enough tithing to make and was coming to interfere, not that up for years and years of negligence, he had made any fuss about Donald's and he can't do enough when it comes activities during the winter as far as to contributing to ward maintenance, we knew, but we took it for granted and helping the poor or those in his changed attitude was due to gratrouble. I have been hearing all week

titude that the boy hadn't been sent from different widows in town that to the reform school and consequently sacks of flour have been left on their didn't openly resent anything Benson doorsteps during the last month. I

thought best for the boy. The fact know the queer old fairy who has been

that he had rarely been seen all winter doing all this is Hank Gibbs. Only yesmade the sight of him now seem critterday he made arrangements for Nellie

ical, to say the least. Snyder to go to the hospital for an

"Donald was the only one in the operation she has been needing for crowd who did not become excited years. It's pathetic to see how hard he

that is, the only one except Benson, is trying to make up to the Church and who, with his back to the road as he to the Lord for those years of hatred. walked into the water, hadn't seen And his pride in Donald—Gibbs approaching.

The Bishop was interrupted by the "When he asked Donald if he was opening of the outside door. To myready and the boy answered affirmsurprise the little browneyed girl ofatively, we all held our breath, for the

the choir came in.grandfather wasn't more than half a

is my daughdozen rods away. We expected any "Brother Blank, this

I steppedsecond to her him belch forth a stream ter,"the Bishop said, and as forward to shake hands with the girl,of profanity and forbid the ceremony.

"Donald walked to Benson's side he asked:

"Did Donald tell you, Ruth, that heand Benson was just ready to begin when Gibbs rode up by me and got received his call for a mission today?"

off his horse. In my fear of what "Oh, yes,"the girl answered, a deepwas going to happen and in my effort er pink flushing her pretty face, "and

it. His grandfathto decide what I should do when the he's so thrilled about

outburst came, I failed to look at him. er hopes he can go to Europe, but

"But no outburst came. Donald Donald will be satisfied to go anywhere

was baptized! they want him to go."

"Then I turned my eyes to Hank The light that shone in the girl's

Gibbs and received the surprise of a brown eyes set me to dreaming of anlifetime. The old man was standing other chapter that would doubtless be

there with his hat off and his head added to the story of Gentile Gibbs'bowed. His face was working pitiboy.

Messages from the Missions The Welsh District Conference District President Iver L. Larson Hall and listened to the inspired resends the following report: The sucmarks of President and Sister Widtsoe,

cess of the fall conference of the and to the testimonies of the restored

Welsh district caused some consternaGospel given by the missionaries. The

tion among the clergy and lay memhumility and sincerity of these young bers of the many churches of South men touched the heart of every earnest

Wales. Prior to this gathering an exlistener.

tensive advertising campaign was carThe Welsh people are very tolerant ried out in the eastern valley by the and sympathetic. From them the

traveling missionaries. This made it missionaries receive courteous treatpossible for the people of the colliery ment. The alarming amount of undistricts to receive, upon small hand employment among the colliermen

bills, a part of the message of "Morhas brought about depressing condimonism."tions in the coal mining area. The

At the conference, about 275 nonunder-clothed and underfed people are members, together with 130 members, beginning to recognize the hand of a crowded into the Varteg Memorial supreme power in bringing them to

5*1 m mk * 4

Wsjmwtm #jjl... jd*S,.-"1.-.- '"Usi H""A8MS5

A -> * \ i'j 1 '".; ',: I: A

Elders of Welsh District Front row. left to right: Clifton G. M. Kerr, district clerk, Tremonton, Utah;

Sister Leah D. Widtsoe, president of the European missions Relief Societies; John A.

Widtsoe, president of the European missions; Nathaniel E. Parry, outgoing district president. Manti, Utah; David M. Davis, Pocatello, Idaho; Edward E. Morgan, Gunnison,

Utah. Back row: A. Faron Spackman, Richmond, Utah; Robert L. Bradford, Spanish

Fork, Utah; Hilliard L. Rose, visiting from the Birmingham district, Hyrum, Utah; Iver

L. L.arsen, incoming district president, Hyrum, Utah; Paul A. Peterson, Lehi, Utah.

April, 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 503

humility. The commercialized form Through the Era the missionaries

in which the Gospel has formerly been of this district send their love and preached to the people is fast becoming best wishes to their colaborers in the undesirable to them. Thus the future many lands and to their parents and

is bright for the work of the Lord in loved ones at home. They express joy

this part of his vineyard and the zeal of and appreciation of the fact that there his ambassadors here is being recogis, in the Church, such an organ as the nized. Improvement Era.

Conference at Neiafu

If Era readers were asked to tell where Neiafu is, it is not probable that many could answer correctly. If

they were told that it is the chief port of the island of Vavau, many of them, perhaps, would not be much enlightened. It is one of the Tongan

group, or Friendly Islands. This

group lies between Samoa and Fiji, and as it is always summer there, the barefooted children in the picture (page 504) do not indicate the season. District President DaCosta

Clark reports a recent conference at which there was a splendid outpouring of the divine spirit. He says further:

"We have in this district six branches, four of which are presided over by native Priesthood, the other two by white Elders: six Sunday

Schools; six Mutuals; four Relief Societies; one Primary and two schools.

"Owing to lack of help and other unfavorable conditions, we have not been able to do much proselyting up until a few months ago, but since that time we have had very good success tracting and holding meetings.

"There are big opportunities in this

MISSIONARIES OF VAVAU DISTRICT district, many places where branches could be organized with profit, but

Seated, left to right: Fred W. Stone, president of we arc not gJg to take advantage

Leimatua branch and teacher in school there; DaCosta r -w r t i c t. C

Clark, district president; Harold Peterson, president of all of them because of shortage Of

of Haalaufuli branch and teacher in school. Standing: missionaries. Still WC feel that the

Jone Ulufonua, president Koloa branch; Mateaki. IS here progressing wot\i f the Lord 'assistant teacher in Haalaufuli school; Tohi Koula, #

president Otea branch. in the Vavau dlStHCt.

April,,929504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

SAINTS AND ELDERS AT CONFERENCE, VAVAU DISTRICT, TONGAN MISSION

Hawkes Bay District, New Zealand

Pres. J. Edmund McGregor reports Elder J. Edmond McGregor was rethat a very successful conference was leased as district president; the posiheld at Te Hauke on September 1 and tion was filled by Eriate Nopera, pres-

2, 1928. There were in attendance ident; Stuart Meha, first counselor;

President John E. Magleby and wife Wilson Paewai, second counselor.

and thirteen Elders and three sisters All are Maori brethren, Brother Nofrom Zion. The average attendance at pera being the only High Priest

meetings was 300, of which 50% were among the Maoris in New Zealand.

investigators. It being a Maori branch, Several advances were made in the

very few Europeans were present. Priesthood. It is the first time in the

An important feature of the conferhistory of the mission that district ence was a Primary pageant presented presiding authority has been given to by the Maori Primary children under the Maori brethren. We are anticipatthe direction of Sister Louise Magleby. ing greater advancement among these

Primary work is a new phase of the people in the future.

Gospel recently introduced into the The New Zealand mission is enNew Zealand mission. It is progressjoying the spirit of the great lattering rapidly and gaining much favor day work. The Elders are laboring

among the Maori and European people. in unity and are enjoying the spirit

Many non-"Mormon"Primaries are which accompanies devoted service.

already organized.

We appreciate the valuable material A new district presidency was sustained to take care of the five Maori and articles printed in the Era and find branches in this district, under the it a great help to us in spreading the direction of President J. E. Magleby. truth.

April, 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 505

Missionaries in New Zealand

Back row, left to right: A. S. Ballif, principal Maori Agricultural College; Sister A. S. Ballif.

president of mission Primaries, Rexburg, Idaho; Mission President John E. Magleby; Sister Jennie

Magleby, president of mission Relief Societies, Monroe, Utah; J. Edmond McGregor, district president,

Ogden. Utah; H. Lawrence Manwaring, president of mission Sunday Schools; Sister Manwaring. first

counselor in presidency of mission Primaries, Rexburg, Idaho; E. C. Allen, College faculty, Mesa, Arizona;

Halvor F. Johnson, president Auckland district, Benjamin, Utah; Grant S. Stark, Wellington district,

Spanish Fork, Utah. Front row: Elmer S. Palmer, editor of Te Karere, Preston. Idaho; A. Ammon Benson,

assistant editor, Moreland, Idaho; Richard Marsh, College faculty; Shirley F. Jensen, College faculty,

Holiday, Utah; Ernest G. Hymas, Preston, Idaho; Lcland P. Roberts, Logan, Utah; J. Reed Jones, Cedar

City, Utah.

Campaigning in Albany The Era is in receipt of two reports ple the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the from Albany, N. Y., one from Distruth which makes men free.

trict President Leonard D. Bellamy, Street meetings are held regularly

the other from Mission Secretary Wiland are resulting in much good. Sevburn C. West. eral honest souls have recently been

baptized. A Primary, made up of Albany, capital of New York and non-"Mormon"children, is one of theone of the oldest chartered towns in outstanding associations of the mission,

the United States, having been incorhaving a regular average attendance of porated in 1686, has not been a partwenty-five boys and girls who are not ticularly fruitful field in the past. It yet members of the Church.

was the objective of Burgoyne's camThe recent visit of Richard R. Lypaign during the Revolutionary war. man, of the Council of the Twelve, and

Now it is being invaded by an army Mission President James H. Moyle has

(a very small one, it is true) of peace, inspired the missionaries with renewed whose objective is to bring to the peoenergy.

306 IMPROVEMENT ERA April. 1929

Missionaries of Albany District

Front row, left to right: Cora Roberts, John S. McAllister, Leonard D. Bellamy,

district president; Richard R. Lyman, of the Council of the Twelve; Sister James H. Moyle.

president of mission Relief Societies; James H. Moyle, mission president, and Susan Phillips.

Back row: Vernon L. Johnsen, Glen J. Neilson, Edmund W. Ellsworth, Franklin R.

Barner. Harry P. Jones, Louis J. Bowers, Hames H. Yardley, and Gordon M. Blaylock.

Elder George Albert Smith Visits San Jose

Although the members of the Counthe instructions which were given by cil of the Twelve are traveling much of the visiting brethren, are facing the the time, it is not possible for them to tremendous responsibility of warning go often into the various districts. the world with added determination

When they are able to do so, Church to do their best.

members and friends feel very much Many Saints and investigators were blessed. Pres. Everett T. Devey expresent at the meetings and expressed

presses himself thus in reporting Elder their gratitude for the visit and for

George Albert Smith's visit, in comthe valuable instructions that were impany with Mission President Joseph parted. Missionaries, too, join in the

W. McMurrin, to the San Jose district hope that President McMurrin and

on February 16. Elder Smith will be blessed to continue

The missionaries were encouraged their splendid work.

and as a result of the meetings, and

April, 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 507

Missionaries of San Jose District

Front row, left to right: Joseph Rackstraw, president Palo Alto branch; Franklin

Jones; Joseph W. McMurrin, mission president; Elder George Albert Smith, of the Council

of the Twelve; Everett T. Devey, retiring district president; Samuel J. Robinson, incoming

district president; Frank Harmon, president San Jose branch. Second row: Lorentz

Peterson, Irene Seal, Erma E. Sparks, Emma Farnsworth, Sarah S. Clark, Naomi Fjeldsted,

Winfield B. Burton. Third row: Theo H. Corry, J. Karl Heywood, Raymond Knell,

Winfield H. Clark, Burdett Coleman.

Second Annual Caravan of the Northwestern States

Mission to the Alberta Temple, Cardston, Canada

By Marian Gardner, a Missionary

Hearts must be pure to come within these walls,

Where spreads a feast unknown to festive halls.

Freely partake, for freely God hath given,

And taste the holy joys that tell of Heaven.

Here learn of Him who triumphed o'er the grave,

And unto men, the keys, the kingdom gave.

Joined here by ties the past and present bind;

The living and the dead perfection find.

F. Whitney.—Orson

This beautiful sentiment is written the Lord's Holy House in Cardston.

on bronze tablets above the portals of Canada. Hundreds of tourists every

April, 1929 508 IMPROVEMENT ERA

year, passing through that little city, beauty, looms like a lovely monument on their way to see the scenic beauties above the surroundings, as the ideals of Waterton Lakes, and the National it represents stand out above the drabGlacier Parks near by, pause at the ness of our daily lives. It is a symbol

gates of the "Mormon"temple, and of heavefi, and gives to all who seek read these lines. These verses furnish understanding, a perfect assurance of

food for thought for the wisest heads, God's nearness and his love for his but to none was this poem more imchildren, a new vision of the purpose pressive than to the band of Church of life, and a determination to live for members and missionaries of the Norththe priceless gifts of eternity. There

western States mission who recently the cares and petty problems which went to Cardston that they might reshadow our days drop from us like a new their covenants, and obtain their tarnished cloak, and we bask in the blessings in this temple of God. light of newness of life.

The temple workers and the CardThat "sacrifice brings forth the ston citizens greeted the travelworn blessings of heaven"was manifest

Caravan from the mission most gramany times during this visit, for many ciously, and hosts of the occasion of the Saints had made great sacrifices opened their hearts and their homes to to be there; but their compensation

their guests. The first division of the was ample in tasting the heavenly joy

Caravan arrived in Cardston from so freely given. President Wood, at

Montana on the evening of July 10, the opening meeting in the assembly and the next two days 150 Saints and room, pointed to the mural paintings 1 5 missionaries from Montana, among of Book of Mormon events and made whom were 66 representatives from more explicit their message. To the

the little farming community of Byleft the Patriarch Lehi is seen with his num alone, spent every available hour family bowed in worship around the in the temple. The following week sacrificial altar. Above the pulpit is

94 Saints and 54 missionaries from the risen Savior, giving to the assemthe western division of the mission bled Nephites the emblems of his death.

spent two days in that house. In each To the right, the Prophet Abinadi

case a rich outpouring of the Spirit of stands in the dignity of his prophetic

God, with manifestations of healing office, calling the wicked King Noah and prophecy, was enjoyed. and his priests to repentance. The

Just at the close of the visit of the comment he made concerning the lesMontana division of the Caravan, son depicted by these pictures was,

Cardston was honored by the visit of "Sacrifice brings forth the blessings of the king's representative, the Governor heaven,"but too many blessings, unGeneral of Canada, Lord Willingdon, appreciated, causes men to forget God, and his lady, who came to this part of and brings upon them his wrath.

Canada expressly for the purpose of Many impressive scenes were witseeing the "Mormon"temple. Lord nessed. Parents with their children

Willingdon is tall and dignified, and were, through their faithfulness, joined

Lady Willingdon is most charming as a family for all eternity, through and vivacious. Both were much imthe power of the Priesthood. There

pressed by the hospitality of the people were 21 husbands and wives sealed to and by the sentiment expressed in each other and 49 children sealed to

Brother Whitney's poem. Lord Wiltheir parents. In addition to these

lingdon, speaking informally to some living sealings, 83 husbands and wives of the Church members, said: "The and 618 children were sealed by proxy

greatest thing in this world is the livfor those who have gone before.

ing of a clean and wholesome life."A beautiful picture of the altar was

The temple, in its dignity and that of a wedding ceremony, which

April, 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 509

occurred as the culminating event of temple that night for their heart's one of the temple sessions. At the righteous desires, either for self or loved

close of the very impressive ceremony, ones, in faith, believing, God would while the couple still had their hands hear them, that holy messengers would joined in the covenant of marriage, bear the petitions to him and he would the group were asked by President grant the fulfillment of their prayers."

Wood to bow their heads, and sing As a result of that Caravan, 3,007 softly the words of the first verse of ordinances were performed, and the "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prospirit of temple work has permeated phet,"with emphasis placed on the every branch in the entire mission.

last two lines of the song, "We feel it The greater vision and understanding a pleasure to serve Thee and love to given to the men and women there obey Thy command."It was there will alter lives and hallow and bless

made clear that the blessings of God are many homes. And this second annual

predicated upon faithfulness and obecaravan has paved the way for future dience to his commandments and a caravans to this and to other temples new beauty and a deeper significance, in the years to come.

became associated with the ceremony is the Second Annual for all those who witnessed it. Following

Temple Caravan Song, written esPeter, standing overwhelmed with pecially for the Mission Temple Carathe glorified Lord on the mount of van by Linda S. Fletcher and sung by transfiguration, exclaimed from the

the missionary chorus in several of the depths of a grateful heart, "Master, meetings at the temple: it is good to be here!"During the en-

(Tune: "Ye simple souls who stray,"by tire period spent in this temple, everyEvan Stephens, Songs of Zion, page 116.) one repeated Peter's glad expression,

"It is good to be here."In the closing Ye heav'nly hosts draw near!

temple session, President Sloan of the Our Father, gracious, kind, mission and President Wood of the To Thee we bow in humble prayer temple addressed the group assembled. Unite us, heart and mind.

President Sloan's message was to his Here, in Thy Holy House missionaries, and especially to those A Caravan of Love five girls just released, and his beautiful We ask that Thou on us bestow blessing and his warning to keep sacred Thy Spirit from above.

the covenants made, his expression of love and trust in them was followed We, on Mount Zion bright, by powerful testimony, "I know that Saviors of men would be,

God lives, that Joseph Smith is the When Christ again on earth appears, chosen vessel to bring forth this LatterIn pow*r and majesty.

day Gospel, that this is God's work, Grant us a harvest rich and this temple is his holy house."Bright sheaves of precious souls—

President Wood brought the meeting As publishers of Light and Peace.

to a fitting climax with the words, While on Thy kingdom rolls.

"The Lord has reiterated the promise made to Solomon in the temple of Elijah's spirit, now old, when he said, 'I have heard thy Abroad throughout the land, prayer and thy supplication that thou Hath touched the hearts, the spirits stirred, hast made before me; I have hallowed Of this, our humble band.

this house, which thou hast built, to We, with our dead, would be put my name there forever; and mine A mighty, linked chain,

reeyes and mine heart shall be there perIn Thy Great Day, when—Earth

petually.'He promised those assemdeemed

bled that if they would pray in the Our King shall rule and reign!

Is There a Remedy?

Law enforcement officers are human. our own fair Utah, her hamlets and

Being human, they react to external towns as well as the larger cities, where influences as do all other individuals. conditions demand the attention of all

An officer is likely to wink at minor, upright people.

and sometimes even at serious, law inThese conditions were described refractions on the part of one to whom cently at a joint meeting of the general he is under political or other obligaboards of M. I. A. by George A.

tion. That is human nature. An Goates, assistant prohibition enforcealliance, no matter how remote, bement officer for this district. Mr.

tween enforcement agencies and vioGoates'position gives him an excellent lators of the law is sure to resulr in opportunity to know his subject; and

evil. And when officials and criminals he knows it. His startlingly graphic

actually join together in an unholy account calls forth the statements herepartnership, decent citizens must gird in made.

themselves for battle. This does not mean that Utah is

That time has come. No intelligent worse than other parts of the country,

person believes that crime could posbut it does mean that Utah is much sibly gain the foothold it has in this worse than it should be.

country were there no collusion beIn Ogden a young man was killed tween officers and criminals. Unfor recently, and, while the unpalatable detunately, honest officers, and there an tails are not yet fully known, liquor

many of them, suffer under such a played a conspicuous part in the tragstatement. But it must not be supedy. This incident calls attention to

pressed on that account. The public the fact that some men, otherwise cirmust be aroused, for in public senticumspect and lawabiding, feel justiment, and there only, lies the power fied in having liquor when they attend

to correct present deplorable condi- a convention. They fail to realize that

tions. Enforcement officers do their they are contributing to a condition

best only when the public insistently in our nation which is bordering on demands their best. Conditions are anarchy, and at the same time are

such that this demand should be made fattening the bank accounts of a low and in a tone that will impress the class of criminals, many of them most calloused. Rampant crime flaunts foreigners, and one of whom made

itself in the face of an outraged but profits last year in Salt Lake county apparently helpless citizenry. Men are amounting to $69,000.

degraded, women debauched, virtue There is so much graft among pubheld up to scorn, honesty ridiculed. lic officials that one wonders if good

ceased to We are not speaking of New York, oldfashioned honesty has where graft and other forms of crime exist.

are so odorous, nor of Chicago, where In order to save a paltry garage bill recently seven men were lined against for a guard at the Utah State prison, a wall in broad daylight, and in a a desperate robber and murderer, senbusy part of the city, and shot to tenced to life imprisonment for killing death. We have in mind the plight of a splendid citizen, was permitted to

April, 1929 EDITOR'S TABLE 511

come outside the prison walls, and, than a nominal fine. In other localihis job apparently well done, escaped ties where laxity exists it is hoped that

in the car which he had repaired. His citizens will insist upon their judges

partner in the bank robbery, of which following this example.

the murder was the direct result, was Some of the statements made in paroled within three years. Attention President Hoover's inaugural address

has already been called in these colbrought joy to the hearts of all who umns to the fact that eleven men senlove righteousness. He said in part:

tenced for rape or an attempt to com- "Justice must not fail because the mit that heinous offense averaged less agencies of enforcement are either dethan two years in the penitentiary. linquent or inefficiently organized. To

Mr. Goates reports that he made consider these evils, to find their reme-

a request of a prominent man in one dy is the most sore necessity of our of our towns to aid him in tracing an times. * * * A large responsiauto suspected of transporting liquor. bility rests directly upon our citizens.

Though the car in question often There would be little traffic in illegal passed the gentleman's place of busiliquor if only criminals patronized it.

ness, he declined to assist. It was, he We must awake to the fact that this

thought, none of his affair, and why patronage from large numbers of lawshould he mix with the dirty mess? abiding citizens is supplying the reShortly thereafter his brother came to wards and stimulating crime. I have

Mr. Goates with an appalling story. been selected by you to execute and

Heartbroken, he explained that the enforce the laws of the country. I

night before, his sixteenyear-old girl propose to do so to the extent of my came home intoxicated and with much own abilities, but the measure of sucof her clothing torn from her body. cess that the government shall attain

It was learned that she had been will depend upon the moral support brought home in the very auto which which you, as citizens, extend. The

the officer was trying to trace, an effort duty of citizens to support the laws of in which the girl's uncle declined to the land is coequal with the duty participate because he felt it was no of the government to enforce the laws concern of his. which exist. * * * The worst

It is well for reputable people to reevil of disregard for some law is that member that the author of the question it destroys respect for all law. For

which has come down through the our citizens to patronize the violation centuries, "Am I my brother's keeper?"of a particular law on the ground that

was a murderer. they are opposed to it is destructive of

There are a few hopeful signs on the the very basis of all that protection of horizon. Editors in all parts of the life, of homes and property which they

United States are insisting that somerightly claim under other laws."

thing be done to stem the tide of crime The power to remedy undesirable which is sweeping the country. In conditions herein mentioned is, ultivigorous language they foreshadow namately, in the hands of the public. If

tional disaster if there is not an imvoters will actually stand for law and mediate and widespread change. for the officers who enforce it, and

Newly elected judges in Salt Lake refuse to stand for officers who, either

City are showing a commendable desire through indifference or inefficiency, do to cooperate with the police by meting not enforce it, we shall soon see an imout to lawbreakers something more provement.—C.

Matters in this department pertaining to the Melchizedek Priesthood are prepared under direction of the Council of the Twelve; those pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood under

direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Suggestions for Melchizedek Priesthood

Quorum Committees

January 22, 1929. of the field of activity in which these

To the Presidencies of Quorums. committees should function. They do

not purport to.be applicable to all casesDear Brethren:

or even any particular quorum, but It is taken for granted that you have they will serve as samples of writtenby this time appointed members of your quorums (or groups) to serve on reports, one of which should be submitted at each weekly meeting.the following four standing commitIt is recommended that each comtees:

mittee be held largely responsible for

Personal Welfare. t,he program of one meeting each

Class Instruction. month. It will be necessary, therefore,

Church Service. for members of these committees to adMiscellaneous. vise with the quorum presidency (or

As already stated in the Guide, group representative) regarding the asmuch of the success of the quorum or signment of members to take part on group depends upon the intelligent and the program or to perform other serefficient activity of these committees. vice. These assignments should be

As heretofore recommended, the reports made from two to four weeks in adof these committees should be submitvance, that those who are to render ted in writing and recommendation parts on the program may have ample therein made should be acted upon time for thorough preparation.

promptly by the presiding officers and Sincerely, members of the respective quorums or THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE, groups. The following suggestive or Rudger Clawson,

illustrative reports are merely indicative President.

Suggestive Forms and Items for Reports

First Month

will be assignedTo the Committees: Members to whom

subjects to be presented and other acYou will please note that the first tivity to be performed should be given suggestive reports are given in detail as ample notification of such assignments to form of address, signatures, etc. in order to promote thorough preparaThe other three, to appear in subsetion. However, before making these

quent numbers of the Era, will give assignments, always consult with the only suggestive items for reports. presidency of your quorum, or with

All your reports, however, should the representative of your group.

follow substantially the first suggestive Note: All members of committees

forms, and should be signed by each should sign. Reports should be filed

member of the committee making it. in quorum (or group) records.

April, 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 513

Committee on Class Instruction

President (or Presiding Officer) OBJECTIVES IN THE STUDY OF THE and Fellow Members HISTORY AND DOCTRINES OF

THE Churchof Quorum (Group) Ward Stake 1. The Lord in all ages of the

world has been willing to give instrucDear brethren: tions and guidance to the people by

The members of the committee have revelation if they would receive them, met once each week and discussed mat- 2. To Adam was the Gospel taught,

ters which properly came before them, and by him his children were instructed

Feeling that is the duty of the commitin a "language which was pure and it was the purpose oftee to encourage all members of the undefiled,"and teachings, withquorum to attend the theological study the Lrd that these period Sunday mornings, we, the memadditional instruction, be given from bers, have visited and conversed with generation to generation that the peoeach member of the quorum to learn pie might walk in the truth, his feelings in relation to the class 3. It was through transgression and

study and the course of lessons in *-he apostasy that the knowledge of the

Gospel Doctrine department. All the Gospel was lost by the people,

brethren expressed the desire to take 4. The Lord has been under the

part in their class exercises with the necessity, from time to time, of reexception of Elder, storing the truth, after its rejection by who informed us that he was not inthe people.

terested and felt that he could employ 5. The Lord has spoken in all dishis time to better advantage Sunday pensations through his servants, the

mornings. We are reporting his case prophets, and records have been kept

so that the committee on by divine commandment. These recmay take up a further labor with him, ords are known as scripture. The

with the hope that he will be brought Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doc-

1 is employed by the street Great Price, are scripture. These booksto.—realize his mistake. Elder trine and Covenants, and the Pearl of

railway and therefore cannot attend are the standards in doctrine for the regularly. He assured us, however, Church.

that he is in full accord with the quo- "6 In the teaching of thc principles, and the history of therum and the lessons which he w studyof the G ing, as best he can, at home. We have Churcht thc tcacher should both know

assisted the instructor in the Gospel his subjcct and be converted to its

Doctrine class by placing the lesson truth leaflets in the hands of the brethren 7. 'without the influence of the

who have been absent from sessions of Hol Ghost no teacber Is qualined to the Sunday School. teach

The following suggestions for the 8. Faith in the principles of the

study of the history and doctrine of Gospel and the doctrines of the Church the Church are hereby submitted, and are worth far more than scholastic if adopted, it is recommended by the training. Such training, without faith

committee that copies be furnished each and conviction in these principles, is member of the quorum with instrucdestructive of faith in the hearts of tions that they be preserved and carethose who are taught, fully considered as a guide in the 9. Faith in God, in the atonement

studies of the quorum. of Jesus Christ, in the mission of JoApril, 1929514 IMPROVEMENT ERA

seph Smith as a prophet and restorer seph Smith have been fulfilled. (Exof divine truth, is essential to full ample: Doc. and Cov. Sec. 87.)

fellowship in the Church. 15. Students should be encouraged

10. Every incident bearing on the to confirm the doctrines of the Church

divinity of Jesus Christ should be and the facts of history through their sought for in the study of the history own observance, faith, and direction and doctrine of the Church. by the Spirit of the Lord. Remember

1 1. Every incident bearing on the the Savior said: "If any man will do

divine mission of the Prophet Joseph his will, he shall know of the doctrine,

Smith should be sought for in the whether it be of God, or whether I study of the history and doctrines of speak of myself."

the Church. The committee did not feel to assign

12. Joseph Smith, as a restorer, reany topic for discussion for this meetceived the keys of ing, thinking that the time would be

a. The gathering of Israel. fully taken in a discussion of the mat-

b. Elijah's Priesthood. ter here presented. It is the purpose of

c. The Dispensation of Abraham. the committee, however, to choose,

d. All dispensations from Adam with the approval of the proper auto the Fulness of Times. (Doc. thorities, topics to be discussed each

and Cov. 128:19, 21; Eph. month; these topics to have a bearing

1:10.) on the teachings of the Church and the

1 3. The revelation of Joseph Smith duties of its members.

anticipated the discoveries of science. Respectfully submitted.

(Example: Doc. and Cov. 88:3445,

and Sec. 89.)

14. Some of the prophecies of JoCommittee on Church Service

President (or Presiding Officer) topics in this discussion have been as- j and Fellow Members signed to members of the committee of Quorum (Group) (or members of the quorum

Ward Stake or group) as follows:

I. The value of Church activity inDear Brethren:

promoting the spiritual, moral and edWe beg to report that since our apucational development of the individpointment we have held meetual.

ings of the committee; that we have a. The need of religious exercise.

formulated plans for month's 1. Competition with secular dework and have submitted the plans to mands.

the president of our quorum (or b. Illustrations of those who have

presiding officer of our group), and developed through religious exhave obtained his approval thereof. ercise, and illustrations of those

The Tuesday evening meetwho have perished spiritually ing in each month has been designated for want of it.

as the period for which our committee c. Brief discussion of the principle

is to make its report to the quorum of eternal progression. (See

(or group) and carry forward activiTeachings of Joseph Smith, ties which have been assigned to us. Discourses of Brigham Young.)

We have prepared for this, our first By (7 minutes.)

report, a discussion on our general II. Service as a Christian virtue,

field of endeavor, Church Service. The a. Doctrine of altruism.

April, 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 515

1. Exemplified in Christ's minblessing to him who receives the

istry, power and fails to use it. (See

b. Kinds of service. Doctrine and Covenants.)

1. Secular service through proBy (5 minutes.)

fessions, vocations. We recommend: First, that the quo-

2. Religious service. Its comrum (or group) authorize us to make

parative value and vitality. a survey of quorum members to ascerBy (7 minutes.) tain the present Church service of every

III. The Church as an instrument of member of the quorum; second, that

service. the quorum (or group) place itself on

a. Created and maintained for record in a resolution to increase the

man. efficiency and extent of service rendered

b. Every organization and every by the quorum (or group) and its

department efficient only as it members within the organizations of meets human requirements. the Church.

By (5 minutes.) Respectfully submitted,

IV. Priesthood essentially an instrument of service.

a. A condemnation rather than a

Committee on Miscellaneous Activity

President (or Presiding Officer) ner the following program be rendered, and Fellow Members and Brother serve of Quorum (Group) as toastmaster:

Ward Stake Group Singing.

Dear Brethren: Short address of welcome by leader

of group and introduction of toast- r*Committee recommends, that- a vYour r

'., -r,social given for the dinner be members x

..,? o fc e ym quorum—M.of living the the-, andj Toast—member quorum ward & in.... interesting expemissionary 1 r,.< & r 'most. tl their the evening wives of on "--- ----. A Committee consisting To s? Jmembcr of qu0rum—Howof some of the members of the quorum wifg and j financed mission

and their wives have agreed to take Toast—wife of mcmber of quorumover the responsibility of preparing the What a wifc can do tQ her hus.dinner. This social evening will help w band magnify his calling in the

to bring a spirit of fraternity among Priesthood the members of the quorum and also Song—either member of quorum or a

wives of the members. sister

It is desired, as a result of this dinof h e Toast—member quorum—T ner, that the expenses of the quorum of outstanding fraternal service of the

this ward be taken care of for the year. quorum.

It is therefore proposed that each memReading wife of member.

ber of the quorum pay $ for of h e Toast—member quorum—T

this dinner and that amount will fimos t satisfying experience members nance the dinner as well as pay the Qf the quorum have had in home members'portion of the expense of missionary work, maintaining the quorum during the of quorum—What - Toast—member Year for its members. can this quorum do

We recommend that during the dinGroup Singing.

.

April. 1929516 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Intellectual games or dancing to follow.

Respectfully submitted, Committee.

Committee on Personal Welfare President (or Presiding Officer) authors; or of participating in reand Fellow Members ligious, literary or scientific gathering.

of Quorum (Group) 3. That we strive to make our

...Ward... Stake homes places of comfort and delight

Dear Brethren: to those who dwell therein.

In accordance with instructions 4. That the moral and ethical pringiven, your committee on Personal ciples named in the 13th Article of

Welfare respectfully recommends that Faith be accepted as our guide in daily the following suggestions be adopted conduct.

as general ideals for the guidance of 5. That each member of this quothe members of the quorum: rum (or group) express his willing-

1 That every member strive earnness to undertake the achievement of estly and persistently to have the quothese worthy ideals.

rum achieve a high degree of efficiency 6. That immediate opportunity

in the observance of the Word of Wismay be furnished for this expression, dom. your committee further suggests that

2. That at least fifteen minutes a every member not present at this meetday be devoted to intellectual activity. ing be visited during the following

This may consist of a study of the week.

principles of the Gospel as set forth in Respectfully submitted, the standard works of the Church; of

reading articles in standard magazines;

of studying the writings of worthy

Aaronic Priesthood Assignments

In a letter received by the Presiding larly, as well as the Sunday School.

Bishopric from the chairman of the In case a Deacon is assigned to pass

Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee the sacrament or offer prayer the next of one of the stakes, some questions are Sunday and does not come, and anasked regarding the meaning of "asother Deacon on that day is asked to signments."take that part, the Deacon who fulfills

In order to clarify any doubt as to the assignment should be credited on the understanding of this important the roll book in the proper place with part of the Aaronic Priesthood work having fulfilled it. The Deacon who

we are presenting the answer herewith: was assigned to that duty, but did not

An assignment is intended to mean perform it, should have the record made an appointment to fulfill any duty in under his name in the roll book that the various grades of the Aaronic he was assigned thereto, but did not

Priesthood which members are authorfill the assignment. Of course, the

ized to perform. Attendance at Sundesirable and important thing is that

day School and sacramental meeting the supervisors shall check with the is not considered an assignment in this boys and endeavor to see to it that they sense. It is expected, of course, that appreciate the importance of fulfilling

all members of the Aaronic Priesthood these responsibilities, unless there is will attend sacramental meeting regusome justifiable reason for their being

April, 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 517

excused. In other words, we are enbring into systematic activity and indeavoring to train the boys in a sense terest every member of the Aaronic

of appreciation of responsibility in the Priesthood.

performance of these important duties. There are a number of duties that

Unless there is good reason why the can be performed by the members of duties cannot be fulfilled, they should the various grades of the Priesthood sense the importance of performing that are not being assigned to them as them promptly and willingly. If there yet in many wards throughout the

is good reason why they cannot perChurch, which would furnish fine form them, they should be trained so training and development for these to advise the supervisors enough in young men, and also promote better advance of the date for the fulfillment order and discipline in meetings. Such

of the assignment to permit the apduties, for instance, as acting as ushers, pointment of someone else. doorkeepers, messenger for the Bishop,

It might be possible for a boy to fill etc., not only in sacramental meeting

more than one assignment in a week. but also in Sunday School and other

For instance, a Deacon who is assigned organizations are part of their work to pass the sacrament might also serve and in harmony with good practice.

as a messenger for the Bishop. But it is Every member of the Aaronic Priestpreferable that, if possible, every boy hood should perform every duty apbe given some duty to perform each propriate to his office during his trainweek rather than to have a smaller ing in that office preparatory to adnumber performing more than one asvancement in the Priesthood.

signment. The results desired are to

Aaronic Priesthood Centenary Celebration

Instruction and Suggested Program

On May 15, 1 929, it will have been member of each quorum present. Let

one hundred years since the restoraany older members sit where they detion of the Aaronic Priesthood in this sire. All members wear, if practicadispensation. It is, therefore, very ble, white shirts and dark bow ties.

appropriate that special exercises be Preferably dark suits. All members

held in commemoration thereof, and neat and trim. Appoint at once a

that careful and thorough preparation qualified and interested musician to be made for the same. As the actual teach the quorums the following anniversary (May 15) occurs on a songs: Sacramental—"There is a

week day, it is suggested that there be Green Hill Far Away,"or "Down (1) a religious celebration on Sunday, by the River's Verdant Side,"Who's

May 12, in the Sunday Schools and on the Lord's Side?""We are all Ensacramental meetings, and (2) a listed,"or "Hope of Israel."Teach

pageant and social gathering on Tuesthese songs in two or four parts. If

day, May 14, in lieu of the Priesthooddesired, a deacons'chorus could sing

M. I. A. meeting. one or more songs, and a teachers'

For the Sunday (May 12) sacraor priests'chorus other songs.

mental meeting the following suggesAppoint the supervisors to train tions are made: All parts of the prothose who speak or pray, to speak

gram, if possible, should be taken by slowly and distinctly. Begin all prepmembers of the Aaronic Priesthood. arations at once. Have priests, teachAll quorums should be seated together, ers, or deacons trained and appointed

preferably on stand. Try to get every to act as ushers and doorkeepers. They

.:.......

April. 1929518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

should welcome the people, conduct Song—"Little Mother of Mine,"

them to suitable seats, and maintain solo or chorus.

quiet and order. Plan administration Address, "Why I Observe the

of sacrament so that it shall be solemn Principle of Tithing,"by a and dignified. Have every detail Priest (3 min.).thought out and arranged in advance. ( 1 Subject—''Restor- )—GeneralIf possible have string orchestra of ation of the Aaronic

Priesthood members and others to play Priesthood."

preliminary music and during sacra- (a) "The Hour,"by a ment. Every member should take Deacon (2 min.)

some part either as presiding officers, (b) "The Man,"by a organist, chorister, ushers, doorkeepers, Deacon (2 min.)

administering sacrament, on program (c) "The Event,"by a or in chorus. The program herein Teacher (2 min.)

suggested may be varied as desired. (d) "The Results,"by a

There is no desire to take away the Teacher (3 min.)

initiative of the stake and ward officers. (e) "The Future,"by a

The important thing is to make this Priest (3 min.).

celebration as impressive and interestInstrumental or choral music.

ing as possible. Subject "Re- (2)—General—

sponsibility of the PriestSunday, May 12, 1929 hood."(a) Sunday School—Suggestions the from General (a) "To watch over should be obtained

r c h,"by a Sunday School Union Board. It C h u

is desired that the members of the Teacher (4 min.)

in Aaronic Priesthood be recognized (b) "To administer as far as possible in the Sunday the Preparatory GosSchool exercises, such as praying, pel,"by a Priest (4 min.). speaking, sacrament, ushers, doorkeepers, etc. Song or instrumental music.

"Plans for more extensive Aaron- (b) Sacramental Meeting—Suggested ic Priesthood activity,"by Program

(Services to be conducted by a Bishop (10 min.)

priest with two assistants under Song, by Priesthood chorus.

Benediction. direction of Bishopric.)

Preliminary music. Program should not exceed 1 Yi hours.

Announcements. Opening song—"Nearer, my Tuesday, May 14, 1929

God, to Thee,"by congregation. The Presiding Bishopric and General

Prayer. Boards of M. I. A. Cooperating:

Sacramental song, by Priesthood In lieu of the regular Priesthoodchorus. M. I. A. meeting it is requested that

Address, "The sacrament,"by a the evening be devoted to a celebrapriest (3 min.) tion of the restoration of the Aaronic

Tribute—'"OurAdministration ofmothers,"sacrament.by a socialPriesthoodgathering.with a specialThe suggestedprogram proand

Priest, Teacher or Deacon (3 gram is briefly as follows:

min.) Opening Exercises (Including Priest-

(Have all members of the Aaronhood choruses, solos, appropriate ic Priesthood stand while the trireadings, etc.) bute is being given.) Pageant—"The Aaronic Priesthood."

.

April, 19 19 519'PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS

Tableaux or demonstrations (about hood,"is available at the Presiding 5 minutes each) Bishop's Office.

(a) "Fraternal work."The program should be planned to

(b) The Deacon in Scout work. occupy about \]/z hours.

(c) The Teacher in Vanguard Subcommittees could be appointed work. for each of the tableaux or demonstrations. The efforts should be made to (d) The Priest in M Men's work.

Closing exercises. present the ideas in as original and

Light refreshments. finished way as possible.

Dancing or social activities. Light refreshments may be provided

It is suggested that the details of by a suitable committee.

this program be worked out with the Whether the diversion be dancing cooperation of the ward M. I. A. offior social activities it should be carefully

cers. The program may be varied as planned and carried out in conformity

desired, keeping in mind the main with high standards.

theme. Appropriate musical or other All members of the Priesthood-M.

numbers may be interspersed between I. A. and adult members of the ward

the features here suggested. should be invited to attend this gatherThe pageant, "The Aaronic Priesting.

Address on Priesthood By Robert A. Clarke, A SeventeenYear-Old Boy of American Fork

say, [The only help given this young must be a type of man who can man in the preparation of this address "I will not condemn in others that was by his sister who is a student of which I condone in myself."

studying the lives of men the B. Y. U.—The Editors.] When

who may be really considered as sucThe subject of my discussion for cessful and when we determine the this evening is: "How Priesthood factors which have promoted their suctraining qualifies men for life."cess, the concensus of opinion is that

Before we can say how a Priesthood habit formation in youth is the greatest training would qualify men for life, factor toward starting a man on the we must first state the qualifications by highroad to happiness or leading him which men are measured. into the shadowy paths of crime and

These are: that they are good citidishonor.

zens, good neighbors and that they are "As the twig is bent, so the tree is successful. By success we do not mean inclined,"is a true maxim. From the

that a man must have a large amount day of our birth, we are performing acof wealth in money or property, betions which leave their eternal imcause a man may have acquired these print upon our body and souls. Someearthly gains and yet he may not be one has said that some men should be

successful. hung merely on the testimony written

We might define success as building in their own faces, and as our daily a good character, to be loving, honest, thoughts and actions leave their immerciful, fairminded, truthful and print on our faces, so also do they kind. To be rated as a success, a man affect our will, our morals, and our

must have encountered obstacles and ambitions.

overcome them in an ethical way. His Desires, ambitions and intentions

laurels must be honorably won. He are the raw materials of individual

April, 1929 520 IMPROVEMENT ERA

character, but the real fabric is habit. gress is founded on man's initiative.

To change a habit is to change oneself. We never would have developed the

To form a good habit is to uplift oneluxuries or even the necessities of modself; to form a bad habit is to deform ern civilization if everyone had foloneself. Habit is activity worked into lowed in the footsteps of his ancestors,

active life. Habit is indeed a powerful afraid to step from the beaten path or

factor in our development, and the advance a theory of his own. Where

great need of civilization is to train the would be our great artists, writers, youth in habits of clean living and poets, and philosophers if they had not right thinking, in habits of honesty, possessed the courage to give their new dependability, and industry. ideas to an incredulous world. Only

In forming and strengthening these by developing within a boy the ability desirable habits, the Priesthood trainintelligently to think and reason, the ing given to the young manhood of power to accomplish distasteful tasks,

Latterday Saints has a vital place. to decide questions of right and wrong

Boys enter the Priesthood at a very himself, will a boy ever develop the critical period in their lives; they are great quality of leadership which will

at the stage where the ideals formed make him a man among men.

and the habits established make a perIn Priesthood training a boy is given manent impression. Boys receive the the chance to develop this side of his

Priesthood at the age of twelve, and if character. At first he is assigned small

they perform their duties in an induties; he is allowed to express his own

dustrious manner, it develops the finer thoughts and theories in small ways.

side of their characters. It tends to As he advances in his work, he is asbring out the desirable qualities which, signed harder and more important

in very many of our young men, would duties, and his responsibility increases.

otherwise remain dormant. He is asked to prepare lessons, and

One of the first things acquired by speeches, conduct meetings and take

Priesthood training is the habit pf charge of Church assignments. All

punctuality, and along with punctuthese duties are splendid developers of ality, dependability. The structure of a man's initiative and leadership.

all successful endeavor rests largely upPriesthood training also develops a reon these two habits. The person who spect for older persons, for sacred

punctually keeps all appointments and places, for religion, and for God. One

whose thorough preparation for leaderwriter has said, "Show me a man ship may be relied upon, is the person whose nature is imbued with respect, who forges ahead. and there you will find a nature that is

the other Priesthood training develops these in tune with God."On

qualities by assigning duties to its hand, the reason, perhaps, that most members and leaving it to their own prisoners are in penal servitude, is beinitiative to find ways and means of accause of lack of respect for another's complishing this assignment. For exrights, for law, and for God. To know

ample, the Bishop may assign a young the truth is to respect it and to gain the respect of other men by virtue of thatman to administer the sacrament in knowledge.Sunday School and other meetings during Sunday services. He leaves it to Priesthood training gives a knowlthe boy to be at the meeting prepared edge of the Gospel to its members that

to perform his duties acceptably and is of inestimable value and which cannot be gained in any other way. It haspunctually.

been the foundation of all successful

Another very important phase of missions, and has developed and made man's character which Priesthood great our religious leaders. In Priesttraining develops is initiative. Prohood, a young man's life is enriched

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 521

and broadened ty discussions of the young men who are active in Priestlives of our leaders in the Church hood work, who enter into its spiritual past and present. Individuals are enactivity wholeheartedly, are an influcouraged to express their own opinions, ence for good in any community. Asand in this way they gain selfcon- sociation is probably one of the most

fidence, which is the first step toward important things a Priesthood training selfmastery. In this way, too, they furnishes. The members of the Priestgrow in a knowledge of the Gospel. hood are drawn together with a comWho could hope to be a master of mon purpose in mind. This purpose

words, of music, of literature, or indeed is to develop good, clean, wholesome a master of men, until he has first thought and to avoid light words and mastered the most rebellious subject maudlin laughter. There is something

of Until one is able in every normal man that craves the all—himself?

truly to say, "I will think only clean association of his fellowmen. The

and uplifting thoughts, I will harbor Priesthood furnishes such association no hatred or envy of my neighbor, I and thereby provides the spiritual comwill overcome unworthy desires,"selfmunion and the broadening education mastery does not exist. which result from a friendly and

The whole training received in united search for truth. At Priesthood

Priesthood leads to selfmastery. A gatherings we have a chance to meet

man cannot desire higher things until our spiritual equals and by partaking he becomes acquainted with their exof the spirit of the meeting we are istence. Priesthood training makes better able to go forth to battle against

for good citizenship because it helps darkness by having seen the light. As

the boy to lead a clean life; it makes Latterday Saints we have the opporbetter sons, husbands and fathers, betunity of this Priesthood trainingcause it encourages obedience, willingwhich is destined to develop all theness, kindness, and straightforward-

ness. It promotes honesty and morfiner qualities of noble men. In appreality. Priesthood training is a large ciation of this opportunity we should

factor in influencing community morendeavor to become more faithful in als. The standards of a community attendance, more painstaking in our acare determined by the standards of tivities, and strive for a better and bigthe majority of its members; and ger Priesthood work in the year 1929.

Conversion To Elder F. A. J.

I've longed for something, thinking thoughts of God,

Yet saying, "No, I doubt that He could be,

For, oh, so purposeless life seems to me!

I know not if I'll rise from out the sod

When I have left the path of life I've trod."

And so, I wondered, feeling lost; but He

Knew my sad yearning, my faint hope to see

A truth revealed. Yet, I would scoff and nod

At cornerpreachers telling of the Light.

And then you came. Your message seemed so true

That doubts all fled, bright day supplanted night.

I could believe! The Gospel, taught by you,

Has shown me life's meaning, and at last

I've found true joy, my faith in God steadfast.

New Orleans, La. Amy McClure

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT Changes in the General Board At a meeting of the general board of George Albert Smith the Y. M. M. I. A., held March 13, General Superintendent

Superintendent George Albert Smith Richard R. Lyman First Assistant

explained that it had become necessary Melvin J. Ballard Second Assistant

to realease some board members. Oscar A. Kirkham Executive Secretary

Among these were men who had deAlma H. Pittegrew

voted a large part of their lives to M. Corresponding Secretary

I. A. work, in ward or stake or Church W. O. Robinson Field Secretary

organizations. This action was taken O. B. Peterson Treasurer

regretfully, because through years of J. Spencer Cornwall Music Director

association a deep love has grown up GENERAL BOARD MEMBERSamong these brethren. It is not easy

to sever relationships thus formed. Junius F. Wells Ephraim E. Erickson

However, circumstances made it adGeorge H. Brimhall George Q. Morris Thomas Hull W. O. Robinson

visable to release, honorably and with Le Roi C. Snow J. Reuben Clark

sincere appreciation for their assistance Lewis T. Cannon Franklin S. Harris

in the past, a number of faithful workJohn A. Widtsoe George R. Hill

Oscar A. Kirkham Joseph R. Merrillers. Several of these have moved away John H. Taylor Herbert B. Maw

from Utah; others are engaged as Hyrum G. Smith Charles R. Mabey

mission presidents or in other work Nicholas G. Morgan Hugh J. Cannon

which prevents them from giving the John F. Bowman Don C. Wood Ernest P. Horsley John D. Giles

necessary time to board duties. Those Arthur L. Beeley Alma C. Clayton

released are: Brigham H. Roberts, RuGerman E. Ellsworth L. L. Daines

Carlsonlon S. Wells, Joseph W. Mc Murrin, James Gunn Mc Kay Oscar W.

Thomas A. Beal Stringam A. StevensBenjamin Goddard, Charles H. Hart, Nicholas G. Smith Joseph F. Smith, III

James H. Anderson, Moroni Snow, Axel A. Madsen Homer C. Warner

Claude Richards, Levi Edgar Young, Heber C. Iverson J. Spencer Cornwall

Preston D. Richards, B. Cecil Gates,

Preston Nibley, Claude C. Cornwall. The nine brethren last named in

The following brethren now conthe foregoing list have been chosen stitute the officers of the Y. M. M. board members to take the places of

I. A.: those just released.

Sunday Evening Conjoint Program

May, 1929 General Theme: We Should See and The yellow Cowslip and the pale PrimEnjoy the Beauties of Nature rose.

On May Morning "Hail bounteous May! thou dost inspire

Mirth and youth and warm desire; "Now the bright morning star, day's harWoods and groves are of thy dressing, binger,

Comes dancing from the East, and leads Hill and dale doth boast thy blessing.

with her "Thus we salute thee with our early song, thee, and wish thee long."The flowery May, who from the green And welcome lap throws—Milton.

.

April, 19 29 MUTUAL WORK 523

Address: 15 minutes. General references on May Day.

I. History of Mayday celebrations, I. Manners, Customs, and Observ-

a. Festival in honor of Maia, the ances, by Wagner, p. 256260.

mother of Mercury. II. Observations on Popular An-

1. Milkmaids'festival. tiquities, by Brand, p. 117162.

2. Chimney sweepers'fesIII. British Popular Customs, by

tival. Dyer, p. 223273.

3. Moorish dance. IV. Encyclopedia Britannica under:

b. The Maypole. 1. May Day.

1. Origin in Ostia. May Dance.

2. Ceremonies in England. Maia Roman Goddess.

c. Queen of the May. Flora Roman Goddess.

1. Ceremony in England. Flower dance.

Suggested reading: Flowers, national and symCorinna's Going a-Maying. Robert bolical.

Herrick.; Slogan:

Address: 10 Minutes. Reference: 1 2th Article of Faith.

I. We can more fully enjoy the We believe in being subject to kings,

beauties of Nature presidents, rulers, and magistrates, in a. By keener observation. obeying, honoring, and sustaining the

b. Selective reading during leislaw.

ure time. Suggested Music

1 Study of John Burroughs'Anthem, for mixed voices with soactivities. prano and bass solos.

2. Study of Luther BurHow Beautiful Upon the Mounbank's activities. Lamont Galbraith. No. 12, tains—J. 3. Study of poetry. Ditson Company. 12c. 750—Oliver a. Nature and the month Thank God For A Garden, for of May are favorite mixed voices.

topics of our master No. Inc., poets. 2043—ChappelHarms, 185 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.Address: 10 minutes.

15c. I. The value educationally derived Greeting to S p r i n g—Johann from a close study of nature.

Strauss. (Tune, Blue Danube Waltz) a. Mysteries of creation are

Mixed revealed. voices—No. 11,187—Oli20c. b. Aesthetic beauty is rever Ditson Co., New York.

Huerter. Mixed voices vealed. May—Chas.

c. A deeper appreciation of or three part women's.

Ditson Co., God's goodness to man is No. 13,670—Oliver

developed. New York. 10c.

Reading: "Ode on Intimations of ImOur Mountain Home So Dear

mortality."Wadsworth, verses 5-6. Evan Stephens.

ADULT DEPARTMENT

The Fringe of the Moslem World

By Harry A. Franck

Reviewed by Dr. Franklin S. Harris

None of us can hope to see more than a few of the many lands or to

April, 1929524 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mingle personally with a large numFrank G. Carpenter, who has been

ber of the peoples who inhabit the so well known as a travel writer for earth. We must, therefore, get most a generation, had a striking way of

of our knowledge of faraway places making the reader see a foreign counand peoples from those who have the try by giving comparisons with things privilege of traveling and the genius to at home. Carpenter, however, dealt

make us understand what they have more with generalities. He described

seen. Many who visit strange places governments and cities, but gave us

get distorted ideas of what they see. scant information about the common

They observe only the strangeness of people. He always traveled first class

garb, the unusual customs, or the monand stayed at the best hotels. He met

strosities. Only a few of those who the aristocracy and government offitravel are able to see things in true cials, but one never felt that he had

perspective and record what they see rubbed shoulders with the masses. He

faithfully. saw the world, but he gives one the

Those of us who want to get a true impression that he secured his facts picture of foreign parts are therefore through field glasses which enabled him anxious to know just how reliable a to see the countries from a sufficient book on such a subject is. We want distance to avoid the common, everyto know the kind of eyes out of which day things which one is likely to enthe author looks. counter if one comes close enough to

Harry A. Franck, author of The feel as well as to see.

Fringe of the Moslem World, is well Franck, on the other hand, has alknown to most readers of travel books. ways been willing to pay whatever

During the last eighteen years he has penalty of inconvenience and lack of written thirteen goodsized volumes on comfort is necessary to get at the very travel, besides a number of geographheart of the common people in lands ical readers. His first book to fall into where he has traveled. His writings

my hands was Tramping through are saturated with local atmosphere

Mexico, Guatamala and Honduras. which is not always devoid of stench,

This volume was so vivid in descripbut one must not expect the perfume tion of scenes I knew well that I at of roses in a pig sty.

once put the author on my list of those The Fringe of the Moslem World

I had time to read. Since then I have deals with Egypt, Palestine, Syria, and

followed him through thousands of Turkey since the war. The book is

pages of print and incidentally I have full of the problems of reconstruction, had a fairly good opportunity to check since all of these countries have been up on him. greatly changed as a direct or indirect

I am more or less familiar with the result of the great conflict. Franck is

places he describes in the following able to show what this change has books, in addition to the one already been since he visited these places mentioned and the one which is now twenty years before the visit which being reviewed: A Vagabond Jourhe here describes. One of the chief

ney Around the World, Four values of this book is the comparison

Months Afoot in Spain, Vagabondwhich it makes between the old and ing through Changing Germany. the new. not only in politics but also

Wandering in Northern China, Glimpin attitudes of people. It makes us

ses at Japan and Formosa, Roaming realize how very much the world can in Southern China, and East of Siam. move on in a score of years.

In all of these, the printed page is I passed through the lands described an unusually true and vivid description in this book five or six months ahead of what I saw in my travels. In fact, of Mr. Franck, and while my impres-

I know of no writer who tells the sions were not always the same as his.

story better. I am thrilled at his account of these

April, 1 9 19 MUTUAL WORK 525

places which have meant so much in termined to penetrate, and they are the background of what we all hold having some success, but the change is dear. not nearly so simple as some people

Egypt, the land of beginnings and suppose. It will require more than a

the treasure house of so many things pronouncement from Sir Arthur Balof interest; Palestine, of which we four to convert Palestine into a home

learned at our mothers'knee and which for the Jews, and yet England is doing we still hold in special reverence; a much better job in Palestine than

Syria, with its Damascus and LebFrance is doing in Syria, as Mr. Franck

anon; and Turkey, with its unsavory points out at considerable length.

past and its unprecedented racing for This book is much more than the modern culture these are countries ordinary book of travel. It brings us

which cannot but challenge our right face to face with what is probinterest, and when we have them deably the greatest conflict between the scribed by an observer such as Franck ancient and the modern, and it gives we have a book that is well worth upto-date and specific information reading. about places in which we have always

The author may dwell at too great been interested but about which our length on the contentions between facideas are somewhat vague.

tions, but we can forgive him when If you like a book of this type, I am we realize that the NearEast has been sure you will enjoy following Mr.

an area of contention since the days of Franck through the NearEast.

Pharaoh, Abraham, and Ulysses. These

Questionsparts have been the great crossroads of the civilizations of all the ages, and 1. What are some of your favorite

when we realize that present peoples travel books?

and structures are the residues of all 2. What value do you get from the

these crossings and their accompanying, study of other lands?

subjugations, we can see why, even to- 3. Discuss the relation of Egypt to

day, we cannot expect everything to the ancient world.

be peaceful. 4. Why are we so much interested

As the title of the book indicates, in Palestine?

these countries and their institutions 5. What is the difference in the govare essentially exernment of Turkey before and since Mohammedan—not

actly the same as one finds among the the war?

fifty million Mohammedans of India 6. Why is Constantinople such an

nevertheless they are Mohamimportant city politically?—butmedan. Jews and Christians are de- 7. Discuss Mohammedan beliefs.

COMMUNITY ACTIVITY DEPARTMENT

Adult and Community Activity Committees Cooperate

The Adult Committee of the Gencreation, and the book What Ails eral Boards, realizing that some of Our Youth. It is hoped that the

the work of the Community Activity evening will prove interesting and eduis of vital interest to the adult memcational, and that through them both bership of the organization, have given groups will realize that the work of two evenings in May over to a disthe M. I. A. is for all its members,

cussion of problems of particular inand not for one little group alone.

terest to both ReThe Committees suggest that the departments—Home

April. 1929 526 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ward Community Activity Commitand the second to a review and extees get in touch with the Adult leadtended discussion of the most interesters, planning for the conduct of these ing phases. It is hoped that the two

evenings in such a way as to insure lessons here suggested will be rememinterest. bered as outstanding points in the

The first period should be devoted season's program.

to a detailed analysis of each subject

Reading Course Book The book on the reading course opportunity to get this book before which the Community Activity Comthe public, as they have no particular mittee is sponsoring this season is group with which to work, and conWhat Ails Our Youth, by Geo. A. sequently the avenue through which

Coe, of Teacher's College, Columbia they approach any specific bit of edUniversity. It is an excellent little ucational work is somewhat indefinite.

volume dealing with the very timely It is hoped that the Community Acsubject of the changes in the relationtivity Committee of each ward have ship between youth and maturity, and read this thoughtful and thoughtpro- suggesting remedial measures in makvoking book, and have done everything ing these changes beneficial to both in their power to stimulate interest in groups. it among others of the association.

The committee has a very limited

M MenGleaner Notes Joint Project: We Will Promote the Cultural and Aesthetic Value of the

Dance.

cultural A Banquet promote their project—the

and aesthetic value of the dance. As a suitable event to close the M

sepMen and Gleaner season's work, it is This may take the place of the suggested that they hold a banquet in arate banquets by M Men and Gleaners. the wards or stake, with both M Men

and Gleaners participating. This will First Tuesday in May

give an excellent opportunity to put Now that the M Men and Gleaner into practice the principles of etiquette activity work is completed for the learned during the winter and will also year, the first Tuesday in May could afford an ideal occasion to demonstrate be used profitably in practicing for the good fellowship and sociability. public speaking events in the contest.

The banquet might be followed by Several M Men and Gleaners could give a dance, at which time they could also their addresses at this session.

M Men Basketball Tournament By Homer C. Warner, General D irector and Arbitrator of M Men

InterDivision Bask etball Tournament.

a still in its infancy, it has grown to Basketball among M Men had rather humble beginning. Though such proportions that it gives promise

April, 1929 MUTUAL WORK 527

ere long of becoming the largest basganization along similar lines had been ketball league in the world. This effected, for a final game between the

may sound like a boastful statement, two champions. Logan was next to

but with the number now competing, take up the matter, then Provo, and a number which is constantly augthis year, for the first time, Richfield mented by recruits from within the completed their InterStake organizaChurch as well as by boys who are tion. Each of these groups adopted

attracted to this group from the outrules which conformed to those originside, it appears that we can soon claim ally made, and in 1928, representathat honor. tives from Logan, Ogden, Provo, and

It is but a few years since repreSalt Lake adopted the uniform code sentatives from the Pioneer, Salt Lake, of rules which not only governed their

Ensign, Liberty and Granite stakes local stakes, but governed InterDi- came together and arranged for the vision play.

first competitive games. The rules at This year has witnessed the greatest

basketball in the first were very simple, but through activity in M Men years of experience they have been history of the organization. The Salt

brought to their present admirable Lake division led with 1 1 stakes comstate. peting, Ogden had 9 stakes, Provo 8,

This original group gradually abLogan 8, and Richfield 8. Each of

sorbed the other Salt Lake county these stakes completed within its own stakes and the whole was made into boundaries a schedule of games to de- a stable and unified association known termine the winners, so that the chamas the Salt Lake InterStake organipions won only after a series of hardzation. This group determined its fought games within their own stake.

own champion and later invited comThen came InterStake play, where the petition from Ogden, where an orfinal winner was crowned, and sent to

West Jordan ward M Men Basketball Team

Front row, left to right: Silcox, forward; Finlayson, guard; Lancaster, center; Smith, guard; M.

Bateman, forward. Back row: Anderson, forward; Cundick forward; Hogan, guard: Egbert, coach;

Leak, guard; Bateman, forward; Egbert, center.

<r-\L/ Logan Seventh Ward M Men Basketball Team

Back row, left to right: W. Scholes, guard and captain; S. Hale, coach; Pratt, forward; Haslam,

center. Front row: Matson, guard; Scott, forward; Nelson, guard; Larson, forward.

the InterDivision tournament in Salt They were real champions. Coach

Lake, which was held March 7, 8, and Egbert brought 8 men, among the 9. finest, cleanestlooking chaps that have

In this tournament West Jordan ever appeared on the Deseret Gymand the 20th ward of Salt Lake City nasium floor. Their unselfish team

represented the Salt Lake Division; work won favorable comment from

from Ogden there were the North Ogall the spectators, and the fight and den ward and the 17th ward; from determination shown each night finally

the Provo Division came Provo 5 th resulted in their being crowned the ward and Payson; from Logan, the winners. The West Jordan ward,

7th ward, and from the Richfield Dithe boys and Coach Egbert are to be vision came Koosharem ward. congratulated on their excellent showThis tournament was particularly ing. Logan 7th finished a close second.

successful in the quality of play that They, too, presented a very highgrade fiwas shown. All the games were closetype of basketball players. Their

ly contested, and the type of sportsnal night's play was fine, but they manship was excellent. West Jordan were undoubtedly hampered by the

was the final winner, and received the fact that they played two extra periDeseret News trophy and the individods the night previous to eliminate ual gold basket balls for their efforts. the hardfighting North Ogden team.

April, 1929 MUTUAL WORK 529

This game, by the way, between stake, third; Salt Lake City 20th

North Ogden and Logan 7th was a ward, Ensign stake, fourth; North

classic. No better basketball could Ogden ward, Ogden stake, fifth; Koohave been seen in any league. Provo sharem ward, Sevier stake, sixth; Og5th also brought a sturdy bunch of den 1 7th ward, Mount Ogden stake,

boys to the tournament. They won and Payson, Nebo stake, tied for sevthird place. The 20th ward of Enenth place.

sign stake won the consolation tournaMuch of the credit for the successful ment after losing the first night to season should be given to the men who

Logan. Koosharem, after a rather disdirected this activity in the different

astrous first night, when they had a districts. They are: L. H. Florence,

serious case of stage fright, came back Ogden; E. N. Larson, Logan; W. L.

and showed the fans why they deWarner, Richfield; C. S. Boyle, Provo;

served to be the champions of the Irwin Clawson, Salt Lake.

Richfield Division. The last two The InterStake Basketball Comnights they gave a real account of mittee conducted the InterDivision

themselves. Payson and Ogden 17th tournament in a very efficient manner.

had teams deserving of much praise, These boys are themselves all M Men but could not stand the terrific pace, and deserve much credit for their effiand were eliminated the first two cient work. They are: Frank Jonas,

nights of the tournament. Ernest Snyder, Reed Richards, and AlMen who have seen all kinds of baslen Brockbank.

ketball in Utah in the last fifteen Already five thousand young felyears said that the type of manhood lows are engaged in this activity, and and of play furnished as good an exwith the increased interest manifest in hibition as they have ever seen. all parts of the community, this moveThe teams finished in the following ment, no doubt, will continue to grow,

order: West Jordan ward, West Jordan and it will not be long until an M

stake, first; Logan 2nd ward, Logan Men's basketball team is found in

stake, second; Provo 5th ward, Utah every ward of the Church.

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report FOR February, 1929

CO bo O 2 c oCnj "3 ci CO c Si a i o C oa a 4-1.&.S "5 S STAKE < a N COM a. >-00 Uiu '3 ".. < o "<3 Un 2 a SO a a, fS L.a c.H "uC wM a, u ac3 O, 3 O uo >< 00 00 "-J a oh

Alpine 14 21 15 13 13 10 10 18 10 8 137

Bear River 12 15 11 13 13 8 8 21 11 10 122

Beaver 13 13 10 9 6 8 8 24 9 8 108

Benson 9 12 8 10 9 6 6 13 4 30 107

Box Elder 20 18 13 14 20 10 12 20 13 20 160

Deseret 16 16 17 12 13 9 11 28 8 18 148

East Jordan. 15 20 12 13 14 9 12 18 9 122

Ensign 20 19 11 13 18 10 10 27 10 10 148

Gunnison. 17 21 18 12 20 10 15 40 10 13 176

Kolob 15 15 6 10 14 8 12 12 6 19 117

Lehi 14 16 14 14 10 10 10 10 8 15 121

Liberty 20 21 11 13 20 10 15 34 9 9 162

Logan 13 13 12 11 10 7 8 17 7 9 107

a* bo uj a hO are 'do e DO 3c *-> cB S.8 w s 'o STAKE v>

DO reN V)B<v 4-< o C C T3 DO 6 DO ac.5 C3 3 O J(- n E 6s o >< a oh

Millard 13 15 10 10 8 18 5 4 Mount Ogdcn 20 18 8 13 16 9 17 30 7 14

Ncbo 17 16 15 11 12 9 7 24 6 12

North Davis 14 16 11 11"16 7 9 23 7 10

North Sanpete 17 18 9 14 14 8 8 26 6 8

North Sevier 18 19 10 16 13 10 9 26 4 5

North Weber 14 14 11 15 9 9 12 17 10 20

Ogden 10 11 10 12 10 5 10 18 2 2

Oquirrh 9 8 9 4 7 5 3 9 3 6 Pioneer 14 16 10 12 14 10 12 21 4 8

Roosevelt 9 12 8 13 8 5 4 13 5 10

St. George 10 18 14 12 13 10 6 21 9 13

Salt Lake 18 20 10 13 17 10 14 30 9 10

Sevier 22 21 14 16 20 10 10 32 7 8

South Davis 22 20 15 15 20 10 18 37 8 20

South Sanpete 20 19 13 15 20 10 10 20 15

South Sevier 13 10 9 10 11 6 4 18 3

Timpanogos 15 18 17 17 5 10 12 16 26 23

Uintah 14 16 11 13 13 9 9 19 6 9

Utah 18 14 7 13 9 7 10 12 7 6 Wasatch 10 11 13 7 10 5 5 14 12 10

Weber 15 17 10 13 12 10 16 24 7 12

Boise 13 12 15 6 12 5 3 15 9 7

Cassia 12 14 12 11 3 7 7 15 11 7

Fremont 15 18 15 12 17 10 10 27 12 10

Idaho 15 20 14 18 14 10 20 10 10

Idaho Falls 13 13 9 14 16 8 4 17 10 8

Minidoka 7 10 6 7 8 5 4 16 7 20

Oneida 7 10 6 17 12 7 5 17 11 8

Pocatello 21 21 10 10 20 10 10 24 1 30

Portneuf 7 11 9 9 8 5 1 9 11 10

Rigby 6 6 6 4 5 3 8 4 4 Shelley 4 6 11 2 6 2 10 5 5 Twin Falls 7 9 20 15 8 4 7 7 5 7

Yellowstone 12 12 11 10 9 7 5 14 5 10

Big Horn 18 18 11 13 12 7 8 17 15 17

Hollywood 17 15 15 13 13 9 11 17 7 8

Los Angeles 15 14 11 19 14 8 10 28 11 15

Maricopa 18 19 15 13 19 10 11 28 11 13

San Francisco 17 14 12 13 18 10 15 21 21 16

Star Valley 8 14 9 12 9 6 5 13 5 10

Taylor 14 20 17 12 17 8 30 25 11

Woodruff 15 18 8 13 10 10 15 10 10

California Mission 17 13 16 15 14 9 5 18 15 16

Central States Mission 3 9 20 13 9 7 1 9 2 14

N. W. States Mission 18 16 18 14 14 10 10 23 16 11

The Closing of Church Schools schools, affording opportunity for the young people of the Church to receive At a meeting of the General Church

Board of Education, held February 20, the training in the religious courses a resolution was passed sustaining the that had been given in the academies.

last closed was the Brighamdecision of the First Presidency to conThe school

Young College, in June, 1926. The tinue the policy of withdrawing from

Board has now given public announcethe field of secular education. Specifiment of its policy of continuing to cally it was determined to withdraw

at least two of our schools in withdraw from the junior colleges. At

Utah on or before the close of the next present eightytwo public schools are school year, June, 1930. The reason being served by seminaries. This infor these decisions is primarily the includes the University af Idaho and the

Utah Agricultural College.ability of the Church to continue the

development of seminaries and the ade- * * quate support of the Church schools. Elder Uriah T. Jones, formerly

The First Presidency explained that president of the Parowan stake, died during several years past the Church on Feb. 13. Bro. Jones was born

had been spending more money than in Cedar City, Feb 11, 1861, and durit received. This was possible only ing his entire life was a devoted memby drawing upon the reserves built up ber of the Church. He served in variduring President Smith's administraous minor local capacities, and later

tion; but these reserves were now pracin the bishopric of Cedar City, then

tically exhausted and the policy of as a member of the stake high council.

spending more than was received could On March 21, 1 892, he was set apart no longer be continued. If the entire as president of the stake, which posimembership of the Church paid an tion he held until Sept. 19, 1909,

honest tithing, the action taken by the when he was honorably released.

Board would not have been unneces- * * sary. Pres. J. Nephi Henrie, second counAt the meeting above mentioned no selor to Pres. William J. Hendersen

consideration was given to the subject of the Panguitch stake, died March as to 'which schools would be closed 2 after an operation for appendicitis.

at the end of next year, this matter beHe was ill but a few days. Pres. Hening left over for future consideration. rie was the son of James and Christian

Before determining this question it was Schow Henrie, and was born in Pandeemed wise to await the adjournment guitch, Feb. 24, 1881. After going

of the Utah legislature, which had through the grades, he attended the under consideration a bill for the esBranch Normal at Cedar City from tablishment of junior colleges under which institution he graduated, and public auspices. later attended the University of Utah.

The policy that will be continued Bro. Henrie was a faithful Latterwas begun a number of years ago when day Saint, a useful and exemplary

Church academies were turned over to member of the community in which he the public school systems, and semilived. He leaves a wife and ten chilnaries were established at the high dren.

April, 1929532 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder Charles B. Felt, one of the Oliver Cowdery. A Suggested outline

most useful Sunday School workers in of proceedings is found in Priesthood the Church, died March 1, 1929, after Quorums department in this issue.

a very brief illness. Brother Felt

served for years as superintendent of

Sunday Schools in the Salt Lake stake, The new $100,000 chapel, or taband on June 30, 1908, was made a ernacle as some designate it, at Portmember of the general board of Sunland, Oregon, was opened February day Schools. In this capacity and in 15. Presidents Anthony W. Ivins

company with other board members and Charles W. Nibley went from Salt

he attended a convention in Payson Lake City to attend the conference and on Feb. 24 and was taken ill during there met Pres. Rudger Clawson, who

the drive home. was traveling in the Northwestern

Brother Felt was unusually rich in States mission. Mr. Marshall N.

constructive ideas. To him as much Dana, associate editor of the Portland

as to any other man, and perhaps more, Journal, has this to say of the buildis due the credit of introducing sysing: "It is my thought that the spirittematic courses of lessons into the Sunual materializes itself in the great house

day Schools. Brother Felt was born of God. This foundation is faith;

Jan 13, 1860. these walls are prayer; this sheltering

* + * roof is hope; its hope,—protecting

Extensive preparations are under girders and cross beams are strength its floors are sacrifice andway for a suitable program for the and unity;

Lesser Priesthood from the 1 2th to the service. Its architectural beauty is love

1 5th of May. This is to commemorand joy of living."

ate the one hundredth anniversary of A more detailed account of the conthe visit of the angel who restored ference will appear under "Messages this Priesthood to Joseph Smith and from the Missions"next month.

April Wind and Thunder and Light'ning and Rain

Are met atop the world once again.

With restless feet, they whirl and they shy,

Eager to slide down clouds through the sky.

Wind puffs his cheeks: Thunder rumbles and roars:

Light'ning flashes: Rain laughs till he pours.

A splitting crash that rends the sky wide,

Announces the start of their hectic ride.

Ripping the blue with sanguine gashes,

Light'ning zigzags, flames, as he lashes,

The others follow in direful glee,

Turning the sky into a booming sea.

Wind and Thunder and Light'ning and Rain

Are playing atop the world again.

And down below is old Mother Earth,

Wisely waiting the end of their mirth.

Logan, Utah Elsie Peterson The General Electric Refrigerator

Is unequaled in performance and requires no oiling or other special wiring or screw into any attention—no plumbing—just

convenient lamp socket or outlet. It maintains constant cold day

and night without watching or setting.

$5 Down Places it in Your Home

READY TO GO TO WORK Balance in Convenient Terms Utah Power & Light Co.

Police Sergeant: "Is the man dangerously wounded?"

Patrolman: "Two of the wounds are fatal, but the other one isn't so bad.

She: "Do you believe in clubs for women?"

He: "Yes, if kindness fails."

"Is your daddy home, sonny?"

"No, sir. He hasn't been home since mother caught Santa Claus kissing

the cook."Lonely Island Bulletin.

Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry, Silverware

BOYD PARK Years JEWELERS j/ BOYD PARK BLDG. 166 MAIN STREST

Salt Lake City, Utah

mail Fine watch and jewelry repairing—service by

Famous for Wedding Rings

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Our Service is as Near as Your Stationery Woolley's Utah Quality Products The purchase of a WOOLLEY PRODUCT means repeat orders.

Get the sales rights for our cosmetics and true fruit flavors; vanilla, ZCMX UNIT SET CYCLORAMA STAGE. HOWARD

vanilemon, lemon, orange, etc., nonalcoholic and reap a harvest of gold. We Specialize in making up

Try this—Vanilemon V-y teasponful,

sugar qs., cream 1 glassful—delicious. Stage Curtains and

Our wonderful vanilemon for frostDraperies ings, ices, cakes, confectionery, custards, ice cream, pies, soft drinks, Modern and up to the Minute.

sauces, puddings, etc. Our work shop is equipped with the very

Ask your dealer or order direct latest appliances.

postpaid, 50c.

Call at Z. G. M. I. Samples free—address, Drapery Department

F. B. WOOLLEY, JR., PHG. Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

Manufacturing Chemist FREE OF CHARGE 422 31st Street, Ogden, Utah

"I've just shot a dog."

"Was he mad?"

"Well, he wasn't very pleased."Denizen Flamingo.

"When was your new baby born?"

"Between the second payment on the radio and the—TheeighthPathfinder.on the auto.

Applicant: "Here is my diploma in public speaking."

Employer: "Very well, go out in the other room and address those envelopes."Mt. States Monitor.

Garden Field

Flower Feeding SEEDSPlant Vogeler Seed Company's "Purity Seeds"30 West First South Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone Wasatch 804 ARCHIE T. SMITH, Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wedding Announcements and Invitations

Be sure to see us before ordering your announcements or invitations. If you are unable to conie in, don't hesitate to write for samples

and prices. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you the

newest in style and correctness in taste. Our line is complete.—Printed,

Process Embossed, and Engraved. Prices are right.

4?:H \Sipy(>/-

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

"Rastus, I see your mule has 'U. S.'branded on his hindquarters. Was

he in the army?"

"No, boss, dat 'U. S.'don't stand for 'Uncle—Mt.Sam'; Statesit meansMonitor.'Unsafe'."

A seriouslooking stranger called upon Mr. Briggs, shook his hand limply

and remarked:

"I am representing the Association for the Suppression of Profanity. I

want to take the evil language clear out of your life."

"Come here, Maria!"yelled Mr. Biggs, "here's a man wants to buy our

car."Duluth NewsTribune.

Complete Banking Service All the conveniences and facilities of modern banking service are yours here, as well as the courteous personal attention that is given individual clients in every department of our Company.

Utah Savings & Trust Company 235 Main Street Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the hlsheat clasa ot advertising;. We recommend to our

reader* the firms and arooda found In our advertising; pases

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Fleischmann's Yeast

Boyd Park Jewelry Co L. D. S. Business College

Bureau of information Southern Pacific Lines

Cutler's Clothing Store Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Daynes Jewelry Co. Utah Power & Light Co.

Deaeret Book Store Utah Sav. & Trust Bank

Deaeret Mortuary Co. Vogeler Seed Co.

Deseret News F. B. Woolley, Jr., Mfg. Chemist

Dinwoodcy Furniture Co. Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

The most noticeable thing about most family trees is their need of pruning. Publishers'Syndicate.

Young Wife: "Aren't you the same man I gave some biscuits to last

week?"Tramp: "No mum, and the doctor says I never will be again."

Conductor: "Madam, you'll have to pay for that boy."

Old Lady: "But I never have before."

Conductor (hotly): "That don't matter to me. He's over twelve years

old, and you'll have to pay his fare or I'll put him off the car."

Old Lady: "Put him off. What do I care?—MuskogeeI never sawDailyhimPhoenix.before."

Individual Sacrament Sets NOW IN STOCK,gtm&m& Best in the market Will last a life time 36 glasses in each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L/. D. S. Churches, and successfully used In Utah and

InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and

Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE SatisfactionTWOguaranteed.OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTSInquiries cheerfully answered.

Bishop's Office, Bern, Idaho.

"I am in receipt of the Individual Set, consisting of four trays and the proper number of glasses. "Everything arrived in good condition. We are pleased with it. I take this occasion to

thank you for your kindness."

Mihvaukee, Wisconsin.

We received the sacrament sets that the branch hag ordered and we wish to thank you for the prompt service that you gave us in sending them. In regard to the trays we are also very

much satisfied as to the finish and size.

TeP,. B,ock BUREAU OF INFORMATION SJt City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Physical Nourishis Necessary—ment

But Not More So Than Mental Food

Every home should have a library containing books for each member of the family.

"The Glory of God is Intelligence,"said His Prophet.

Seek knowledge as well as pleasure out of good books.

LET US HELP YOU SELECT YOUR LIBRARY

Deseret Book Company 44 East On South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Missionaries in the Field ARE YOU STILL WEARING SOME OF OUR CLOTHES AND DO YOU NOTICE

THEIR LONGWEARING QUALITIES?

Cutler! * 36 SoMain WHEN YOU LEAVE—MISSIONARY PRICES—ON YOUR RETURN.

Fire Is Respecter Of Persons No

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA n l( I I, (, TV UT

That Buyer Gains Who Deals With Daynes

UTAH'S OLDEST JEWELRY STORE Visit us during conference, for any line of jewelry.

See Daynes New Sanitary Improved Individual Sacrament Sets

IF YOUR WATCH NEEDS REPAIRING, "THIS IS THE PLACE.*

Ask your dealer for the famous Z. C. M. I. FactoryMade

MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS For men, youths, boys and children.

9-oz. CopperRiveted

WAIST OVERALLS For men and boys. Wear

'em and let 'er buck.

Guaranteed for Quality, Fit and Service

ALLOVERS and PLAY SUITS for Children

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

You Not Think it Marvelous? Desires—Would

Four income to continue even though accident or illness should suddenly snatch collegeyou away or render ycu unfit for work. An income for your wife—aeducation for your children. The ownership of your home in ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the Joy of travel and leisure in your later years.

f0iroioiot(- Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realized

realities tomorrow. Isyour *S if you act now—Make today's hopes

UfeJnsiimce A Beneficial Poilcy is the Key to Success peace of mind I Blots out your worries—Brings

Beneficial Life Insurance Go, Home Office. Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA