SPECIAL

CONFERENCE ISSUE

JUNE 1955

i

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

A powerful new tool for cancer diag- i*- nosis is being developed by the use crust pie) of ultrasonic ranging the obbased on servation that HONEY the freextremely high BEE GRAHAM CRUMB CRUST is quency reflected sound by more 2 cups HONEY BEE GRAHAM tissue cancerous than normal tissue. A Cracker Crumbs

short "squeak"(too high to be heard) V* cup melted butter lasting a millionth of a second and re- 2 tablespoons sugar peated every thousand of a second is P'E FILLING sent into tissue, the techniques and by sugar* similar is to radar a picture formed on '41 cup POK the cathoderay cups) fresh sliced tube. Early detection

strawberries* of cancer identification and of tumors 1 PC, ka9e "nces) are possible strawberry, St. at made by this work (J;.flavored gelatin dessert Barnabas Hospital, Minneapolis, Min- /2 cup boiling water nesota. cup * undiluted MORNING MILK y* cup lemon juice

A nother benefit by the application of -*- frozen strau,. atomic to physics problems human T;,S o mit12:UnCeS"&ar packaZeif irZen ries Ze has by the exposing been made male sZZed

fly of the screw worm of Curacao and 2 Florida to radioactive cobalt to make **. g the No cooking jgethenmihT rLmebut?Sldesandand fly sterile. of bottomtablesi—of 9 sterilized Thousands h

are males released, the of eggs and females which only a once mate year the—just whip, Add 14 cup sugar to sliced strawberries Dis

with and one male, if the has male been forms a thick syrup (about treated, 15 will sterile. be minuted fewer With Chill mix and chill! Milk in refrigeratory flies hatching there will unt of fewer be -ft crystals ("form through Morning mi Ik the screw worms cause which millions 5

of dollars of damage to livestock.

HP he University of California expedi- -*- tion to Mount Makalu in the Himalayas in spiders Nepal found living at feet 20,000 elevation snails at Made with small and 16,000 feet.

f'ECiL Pierce at the Oregon State ColMORNING MILK lege experiment station at Union has found that shorn lambs fatten faster,—the milk that whips—

about 17 percent more each day, and on less feed than unshorn lambs. and

TP he African giant rat, Cricetomys, measures 12 to 18 inches long in the Honey Beebody, larger than a rabbit. It has a

twofoot long tail and may have sixinch whiskers. For food it eats fruits,seeds, and berries. GRAHAM

A t the time of Nansen's Fram expedi-r*- tion of 189396 there was an averCRACKERS age of 144 inches of ice forming an-—so delicious 'cause

nually in the North Polar Sea, but at they're made with golden the time of the drift of the Russian nectar Chapparal Honey icebreaker Sedov in 193740 it was only

Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello85 inches. PURITY BISCUIT CO.

JUNE 1955 369 A New Species of Society??

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

ship was the publication in 1954 of factpacked annual volumes entitled theFOR YOUR HOME A major event in the field of scholarLondon, England. The massive and

with volumesToynbee's7, A8, Study9; andof 10History*of ArnoldTheJ. Surveypedic inof Internationaltheir scope, Affairs,have impressedencyclofirst six volumes of this intriguing work scholars and been widely used since

appeared between 1935 and 1939. An their initial appearance"in 1921.

abridged version of these same six volIt is Professor Toynbee's personal beumes appeared in 1947, carefully prelief that "the four higher religions"pared by D. C. Somervell. In 'Somer- (Christianity, Islam, Mahayana Budvell's words the study began with the dhism, and Hinduism) are but "four

assumption that "the intelligible units variations on a single theme."And, that

of historical study are not nations or "if all the four components of this periods but 'societies'"; and, that the heavenly music of the spheres could be

intelligible "society"is the unit identiaudible on earth simultaneously, and fiable as a "civilization."with equal clarity, to one pair of human

By this time every schoolboy has beears, the happy hearer would find himcome familiar with Toynbee's hypotheself listening, not to a discord, but to sis that civilization began a harmony."(Vol. 7, p.

about six or seven thou428.) With respect to

sand years ago, and, that current affairs, he alsoTROPICBIOX there have been some believes that among these

INFORMAL, ENDURING BEAUTY twentyone of them. Some <p "a reconciliation, on

WITH ECONOMY ofpeared;theseothershave existdisapas Christian"not a chimericalinitiative"hope tois

TropicIT'S EASY THE TROPICBLOX WAY! Precisioncut "fossils"; some now flourcherish"(p. 441) but perdi- sparklingblox when applied new interiors makerectly over dingy painted or papered walls. Their ish (?). Not all have aphaps something real—deparquet patterns harmonize with traditional or modern peared at the same time. pending on men's current

modes and color schemes. When planning new conMany have been the outability to "respond"to

struction, be sure to see Tropicblox. They provide a growth of predecessors. Some have been this "challenge."

in forbreathtaking idea homebuilders. them Use new "affiliated"interesting in ways. "Enit's in the house. greatlyany room remember And goodbye disturbed He by modern—

civicounters"contemporary betweento Philippine painting with redecorating Baylaun and man's worship, says worship—idolatrousis lizations off! stains wars, not Tropicblox; right only produced have dust orMahogany wipe

is "the state."Leviathan no He he—of 16"16"precisioncutBaylaun are Tropicblox x squares also interesting of the but some most less disturbed the observation byof Philippine square Each plywood. Mahoganyfaced experience. of Not phenomena human

is his throughout of history, slightly fitting. study perfect four that sides, in Availon beveled

is familiar everyone, the however, with or Tanguile.able Lauan Red in White universal as all churches well, the too

hypotheunique Toynbee's development frequent recourse folof leadership and sis receives four in the final volumes lowership (in search of a "sure thing"which recently appeared. Fuller study or certainty in "salvation") is to regitesting convinced have Toynbee, and

drill. social mentation and This has

at least, his of the use that twentyone creative always driven leadership and as civilizations objects of has study creative individuals or underground the that to demonstrate only served fruits most crushed precious the of individualis neither of study object important the ity under weight of "organizationNEW WALLS OVER OLD WALLS civilizations, nations as such, nor events this Often worship"—anthropolatry. churches. or space, universal but in time

creativeness in emerges the of form a that universal Indeed, churches argues he religion. new But the then redanger

represent a occasion and on new may curs. Achilles'He writes: in "The heel

society. of species higher

the social of is civilization anatomy a

In volume 7 he writes: "While a... its dependence on mimesis as a

STORE WINDOWS WAINSCOTING civilization may be a provisionally in- 'social drill'for ensuring that the rank telligible field of study, the Commonand file of mankind shall follow their wealth of God is the only morally leaders."

tolerable field of action...."(P. 513.) If universal churches in the modern

Toynbee's work is awakening much sense are devices "able to overcome the theological interest in scholarly circles political barriers between parochial throughout the world. But he, himself, states and even the cultural barriers beCOUNTERS CEILINGS is what in the United States might be tween parochial civilizations"(7:433),

called a professor of international relathen he declares that such churches tions. Indeed, he is, and has been for should cease to "reimpose on their admany, many years, the Director of the herents the very bonds from which they

-MERRILL MORRISON & CO. Royal Institute of International Affairs, had once set them free."(Idem.)

Building Material Distributors * Oxford University Press, London, New York, and Jesus said we were to know the truth,

Toronto, 1954, (772, 732, 759, and 422 pages, respectively). (Continued on page 478)

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GREAT NEWS!

brand new books...

1. THE STORY OF THE PEARL OF

GREAT PRICE By James R. Clark

The author has spent 20 years in research turning up new evidences surrounding the restoration and translations of the records of Abraham and Joseph. This is not the

Pearl of Great Price in story form... but

the complete story surrounding the Pearl of

Great Price and its contents as it is known to man today. A complete history, analysis,

evaluation, and application of the spiritual truths and laws contained in the Pearl of

Great Price told in an interesting, easy to understand style. Suggested course of study

for M.I.A. Special Interest Class in '55-'56.

$3.00

2. IF I WERE IN MY TEENS

A sparkling series of articles that won wide acclaim in The Improvement Era has at last been made available in bookform.

Brilliantly written in retrospect by prominent leaders of youth, "If I Were In My Teens"gives our young people the benefit of the years of experience of successful, wellbalanced lives. This vibrant series stimulates

greater effort and higher goals for young and old alike. An excellent gift for your

favorite teenager. $2.00

3. NOT BY BREAD ALONE

By Bryant S. Hinckley

A vast reservoir of inspirational thoughts masterfully set down on the printed page with the humble touch of a great teacher.

The foreword to the book, written by Elder

Mark E. Petersen, comments about the author: "In his writings he has made great

personages live before the eyes of his readers."Ideal for random reading. Stimulating

as a tonic. $1.50

Order by Moil or Thru Bookcraft Dealers

BOOKCRAFT June '55 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books:

1 2 3

for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ) for

NAME 1Bookcraft1 86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah ADDRESS -

CITY STATE

JUNE 1955 371

:::,.'vJtHclal \Jraan ojf

THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, 'The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jke L-nurcn of

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOPPITT

L. Research Editor: ZOBELL, ALBERT

- Editors: G. P. BENNETT DURHAM ARCHIBALD JR.HOMER- R. JR. NIBLEY HARRIS, FRANKLINContributing - MILTON HUGH HUNTER

- A. B. B. SPERRY SIDNEY LEE PETERSEN CLAUDE PALMERS.

- General Associate Manager: Manager:- R. CURTIS BERTHA ELBERT

- F. Director: Advertising Business S. SCOTTREEDER Manager: D. GILES VERL JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Jke C,cover

Colorful yucca blossoms against the

The 's Page equallyPark, Utah,colorfulis thebackdropwork ofof ZionphotographerNational "If Ye Humble Yourselves"..President David O. McKay 381 Hal Rumel.

Church Features

Your Question: The Iniquity of the Fathers

Joseph Fielding Smith 383 The Way of the Church—Controlling the Past—Part VI

..HughNibley 384 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

General Conference Section: 50 North Main Street

Righteousness Key to World Peace....President David O. McKay 395 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Christianity Definitions President Stephen L Richards 398 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

"What Is Man"—He Still Stands as God Made Him Salt Lake City 1, Utah

-. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 400 Copyright 1955 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

The Way to Eternal Life Joseph Fielding Smith 401 publishedciations of bythetheChurchMutualof JesusImprovementChrist of AssoLat-

General Conference Index 373 Appointees to General Boards of terdayscription Saints.price, $2.50All rightsa year,reserved.in advanceSubMIA June Conference 1955 374 MIA 378 foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance;

The Church Moves On 376 Melchizedek Priesthood 464 25c single copy.

Presiding Bishopric's Page 466 Utah,Enteredas atsecondclassthe Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

mailing at special rate of postage provided

Special Features forthorizedin sectionJuly 2,1103.1918.Act of October 1917, auThe Spoken Word from Temple Square TheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era is butnot responsiblewelcomes confor

All manuscripts be accommust delivery postage for and panied by sufficient return. "... publish it upon the mountains"—TheRichard L. EvansStory383, of446,Martin448, 460 tributions.

Harris—Chapter IV...William H. Homer, Jr. 387

Mormons in the Magazines. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. 390 Change of Address

It's Smart to be a Latterday Saint LaRue C. Longden 392 address.Thirty days'Whennoticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease inof

issue clude a recent of address slip from Through the Eyes of Youth—Dearest Dad Eileen Gibbons 393 changes Address cannot be the magazine.

unless for Security made the old address as well as the new Laurie Child? -Annie Your Tungeln 394 Von Much How

included. one is

S. Franklin the Universe, Exploring ciety? G. 370 Homer Durham

Harris, Jr 369 Your Page and Ours 480

These Times, A New Species of SoToday's Family

Buffet Suppers Gladys Wight's Christensen 472 National Advertising Representatives

Delight, Iris Parker 468 Handy Hints 474

Flowers Parents, for Lee for the Lady, Ruth K. Parable A

S. TOWNSEND 470 Kent J 475 EDWARD Priestly St. COMPANY 110 Sutter

Teens, Alberta H. I If Were in My California Francisco, San

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

ies, Poetry 672Los LafayetteAngeles 57,ParkCaliforniaPlace

Irma Had a Headache Lorraine R. Manderscheid 388 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Just the Groom Christie Lund Coles 391 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

City at Night, Catherine E. Berry....378 Prayer for the Right Word, Anna DAVIS & SONS

St. 30 N. LaSalle 448 M. Priestley Frontispiece, His Homestead, DorIllinois Chicago, 450 379 Forecast, Helen Baker Adams othy J. Roberts

Poetry Page 380 No Comment, May Richstone 471

The Young in Heart, L. M. Beck....424 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONFERENCE INDEX

Sermon Subjects

Aaronic Priesthood 406 Agriculture 407 America 407 Atonement 403 Badlands 381 Book of Mormon 430, 440 Children 381, 400, 404, 409, 410, 428

Christianity Definitions 398 Comic Books 428 Cowley, Matthew 412 Easter 423 Education 413 Faith 404, 435

Happiness Family Unity '. 400, 435435

Home 400, 435 Humility 404, 435 Indians 425, 430 Jesus Christ 403, 422, 429 Joy -. 432, 435

Literature 413, 422, 428 Marriage 416 Missionaries 409, 428 MIA 410, 412 Prayer: 404, 412

Preexistence 438 Priesthood 402, 425 Repentance 401, 418 Serviceman 415 Spirituality 416 Television 428 Truth 401, 420 Word of Wisdom 410 Youth 410, 415, 423

Speakers

Bennion, Adam S 432 Benson, Ezra Taft 407 Brown, Hugh B 423 Buehner, Carl W 414 Christiansen, EI Ray L 402 Clark, Reuben, Evans, J.Richard L Jr: 400435 NEW "OVERNIGHT NEW DAYLIGHT

Hanks, Marion D 415 Hunter, Milton R 430 Isaacson, Thorpe B 406 Ivins, Antoine R. 421

:,: TOKimball, Spencer W 425 TO

Kirkham, Oscar A 409 Longden, 412 John 436 MINNEAPOLIS::::::'LOS ANGELESMcConkie, Bruce RMcKay, David 395 ST. PAUL

the midday DC6B * Here'sMorris, 429 George lateevening Tfc Q A convenient flight for. you've asking beenMoyle, 418 Henry D direct -with departure connecPetersen, Mark E 410 2V2 hours Angeles. Only to Los tions to the East. and MidwestRichards, 440 LeGrand

Richards, Stephen L 398 Now take your choice of 3 Now take your choice of 3

Romney, Marion G 403 nonstop 4-engine schedules nonstop 4-engine schedules

Sill, Sterling W 438...deluxe and coach!...deluxe and coach!

Smith, Eldred G 404 Smith, Joseph Fielding 401 Sonne, Alma 422 Stapley, Delbert L. 416

CliffordYoung, E 420 Young, 413 Visit or write your Western Airlines ticket office... call 5-7561 in Salt Lake City, Levi Edgar

Young, S. Dilworth 428 2206 in Pocatello, 2100 in Idaho Falls... or see your Western travel agent.

NOTE: Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve was the speaker on the

"Church of the Air"program of the Columbia Broadcasting System's radio network,

Sunday morning, April 3. Elder Thomas E,

McKay, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve, and Presiding Bishop Joseph L. lAfCCTEDM conference. at theWirthlin speak did not Ei W%. Wm

session WW E m conference of theThe priesthood was addressed by members of the First

Presidency President Henry by Former and AIRLINES

A. Matis of the Mission, Elder Finnish and

Wendell B. Mendenhall. Their talks will

appear in the Conference Report.

JUNE 1955 373 U

MIA JUNE CONFERENCE 1955

June 10, 11, 12

Lion House—$1.80. MIAits hasfirst comeJune aconferencelong way whichsince 2:00VISORS—U of U Field House. Lunch- p.m. STAGE ACTS REHEARSALS—

first convened May 30, 1896 U of U Women's Gym.

fiftynine years ago! But the same 4:30 p.m. NO. 1 GIRLS'DANCE RE:

purposes that stirred ward, stake, and HEARSAL—Udancing Thursday,of UJuneField9). House (Girls

general board workers to come to- 5:30 p.m. DRAMA FESTIVAL REHEARSgether then still move them to the AL—Roadshows—Park Stake Center, 736

So. 8th E. spirit of gathering in 1955! 6:00 p.m. GENERAL DANCE FESTIVAL

June conference will bring zest and REHEARSAL—U of U Field House and

new impetus in the MIA. Full to the 6:30Stadium.p.m. DRAMA FESTIVAL REHEARSbrim with activity and interest, the AL—"San Juan Outpost"—Kingsbury Hall,

program abounds in new tips for U of U.

p.m. GIRLS'NO. 2 REDANCE for activities, teaching, new alertness of House (Girls, U Field 8:30HEARSAL—U

It also for spirituality. and new spirit Friday, dancing 10) June

will indicate ways to bring into ac- 9 THURSDAY, JUNE spectacles the great complishment speech, drama, as dance, 'TRIUMPH l N TONE "such and 7:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. YWMIA CAMP

East. 9th Come in NOW! feelmusic,thein solidarityorder to helpthat youngcomespeoplefrom 11:00INSTITUTE, Fairmont Park, 23rd So. & a.m. 'STAGE ACT REHEARSALS—

of are there that many who U Stadium.

p.m. DRAMA FESTIVAL—Roadshows in 6:00 joy find HEAR this NEW knowingbelieve as they do and

—Park Stake Center, 736 So. 8th E. (75cactivity. the kind of wholesome same 25c) CONN 0a|o features of the One 6:30 for the YWMIA p.m. ALL CHURCH RELAY—UniYou'll marvel at the amazing this year will be the History of the versity of Utah Stadium.

true tone, organ everyone 7:00 p.m. FESTIVAL MUSIC REHEARSavailable. will In be which says YWMIA just like "sounds a pipe organ!"Barratt Hall. Hall and AL—Assembly the prepared Gates 1911 Susa Young You'll surprised be little how 7:30 p.m. ALL DANCERS GATHER FOR

is first This History YLMIA. this of the of CLASSIC Field model organ costs House. FESTIVAL—U U

... how easy it is to own. You'll the first history since that time and 8:30 p.m. DANCE FESTIVAL—U of U

readily agree with organists and brings upto-date the activities and Stadium.

lovers music everywhere acclaim who departments in which the YWMIA 8:30Winningp.m. DRAMAPlay, "SanFESTIVAL—1954Juan Outpost"Prize as "America's Conn

Finest Electronic Organ."had so long contributed to the Kingsbury Hall (Tickets: 75c adults, 25c

strength and stature of the women of children).

Ideal for Chunk, theunderChurch.the directionThis history,of the preparedgeneral MIA JUNE -CONFERENCE EVENTS

Chapel, School... presidency of the YWMIA, includes FRIDAY, JUNE 10

the thrilling story of the inspired 8:00-9:10 a.m. RECEPTION—Tabernacle

ot for the home! origin of the Bee Hive department, Grounds (Come early!)

the dramatic origin of the Gleaners, 9:3011:30 a.m. GENERAL SESSION—TabPHONE 9-7633 the stirring organization of the Mia ernacle.

Maids and the Junior Gleaners, as 11:45INTENDENTS'a.m.-l:15 p.m. ANDSTAKEPRESIDENTS'MIA SUPERauiies Pflusic well as of the summer program, LUNCH—Hotel Utah.

camping, and other activities. 1:30-3:30 p.m. GENERAL SESSION—Tabernacle. include features a Preconference 4547 SOUTH MAIN Mill'3:45 5aftaf:e FES- p.m. REHEARSAL G'ty FOR MUSIC full sports for camping and day of BlVD.,OGDEN 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO /'2260 WASHINGTON TIVAL—Tabernacle.

is regardless of whether everyone, he 4:30 p.m. GOLDEN GLEANER SUPPER

in not. or this department engaged—Bonneville

Drive. view $2.25—reservationStake House (1535necessaryBonnere- a of leisure as the increaseiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiimiiiimiiiiiiimiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiii With

4th). by June

Two Books sult of shortened work hours, wise 6:30 p.m. DRAMA FESTIVAL—1954 PrizeSeventies and Elders are talking about: direction needs to be given to the Winning Play, "San Juan Outpost"

THE A. B. C. OF MORMONISM use of free time of both youth and children).Kingsbury Hall (Tickets: 75c adult, 25c

to attend adults. wish Those who the and of

sessions find reward. great will these MISSIONARY'S MORMON 6:30U p.m.Stadium.ALL CHURCH RELAY—U

MESSAGE The outline which follows, bare as 7:30 p.m. ALL DANCERS GATHER FOR

still of available Field are books at the twoThese House. it same the of is, gives FESTIVAL—U U wide some concept

lasts. edition this whilelow price 8:30 p.m. of DANCE FESTIVAL—U U of of interest the range and worth J. Written by AUBREY PARKER Stadium. the Convert from Methodist Ministry A for conference program June June in size the popular for pocket up convenPut 8:30 p.m. FESTIVAL—Roadshows DRAMA inience in handling. are These green bound 1955: Center, So. Stake 736 8th E. (75c-—Park cloth, lifegold with back. lastand Will hard a

time. 25c).

Sent to you anywhere $1.00 inEACH.the world postpaid for JUNE MIA PRECONFERENCE EVENTS SATURDAY, JUNE 11

ELDER AUBREY PARKER 616 West on CarrilloJ. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8 6:45-8:45 a.m. MASTER M MEN BREAK-

1, Santa Calif. Barbara

nmim i mm minimi mmiimiiimii in in ii ii m nun miiimniiiiim m in milium ii mi 9:00 a.m. DISTRICT DANCE SUPER- (Continued on page 452)

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.. j

to up? going be you are grow whenwhat YOU

and; the machines energy, television! It leads atomic does far more child can ask. But—it engineer or a... anA doctor or a nurse

teacher... maybe even President? No goal him on... makes him want to see what fastechniques of science, industry and modern

is too high for their dreams to reach. And of cinations the next page and the next book living. And not only will he understand the

course you want to help make those dreams hold. He may pick up a volume simply to age in which he lives: he will explore past

come true.. see what makes the stars twinkle. But before ages through their history, their fine arts,

You can start, right now—with the way you he puts it down he will know the answers their literature, geography and customs. His

answer your child's questions, with the ento many other questions, too. Why is the beloved BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE will becouragement you give his curiosity. Your home sky blue? What makes the wind blow? come his constant companion in school*, at

can stimulate his desire to learn... teach him How does a bail bounce? How do flowplay, on rainy days at home.

to dig out the facts for himself...put him ers get their color? In a few enchanting

leagues ahead of his schoolmates—but you hours your child finds answers to these and A FREE GIFT FOR YOUR CHILDREN

need the proper tools. More than two million scores of other questions... learns dozens of Here's a gift for your children that will kinparents use THE BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE useful facts his young friends have never dle their imaginations! "RIDE THE MAGIC

as a guide in this important task. even heard of! CARPET"is a new, exciting fullcolor bookthrill- Its 24 will enjoy. family let the whole AS MODERN CHILD'S TOMORROW QUESTIONSANSWERS YOUR

beautiful full in reproduce pages packed captures deOF KNOWLEDGE was THE BOOK OF KNOWLEDGETHE BOOK of edition latest the actual from color pages all oldest the of interest child's with in his your authority parents, signed each an by

Its quizzes, KNOWLEDGE. OF THE BOOK.. than picture. attentiongetters child's More held, your particular understand who vivid its rhymes, nursery many and games full in. picturesthe wonderful 12,000—many will arouse thinking, and what know who

and questions its fascinating pictures, and irresistibly into text so a color—him draw that interest. experts These know hold his

while he reads for pleasure, he unconsciously informative it's a generation ahead. In its answers will give your child hours of

absorbs a thousand facts he will remem- 7,600 pages your child will find information enjoyment... and teach him dozens of

ber far into the future. THE BOOK OF on every new dramatic development of the useful facts. To get a copy for your child,

KNOWLEDGE answers every question your atomic age: rockets, jet propulsion, radar, without obligation, simply send coupon today.

''Used in schools and libraries tliroughouc the U.S. and Canada

FREE for your boy or girl..—this—delightful color—.booklet—

MAIL THIS FREE BOOKLET COUPON I

THE BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE Dunkirk 8-9621 3450 Wilshire Blvd., Los Angeles 5, Calif. THE BOOK Please send me "ride the magic carpet", the 24page

11 color booklet taken from the newest revision of he book of knowledge. I understand it is FREE

and without any obligation.

re children in my family, agesOF KNOWLEDGETHE CHILDREN'S ENCYCLOPEDIA

I First choice of parents for more than 10 years ADDRESS..

CITY ZONE.

STATE. COUNTY you future your with booklet minutes Illustrated ten INCOME! STEP UP YOUR Imp. Era 6-55 or tellsIncomes in Canada. U.S.A. or career anywhere parttime work Build a new bow.

Ninth South 17, Dept. 4206 Stowe, L. free write L. booklet average. far For above Grolier Society Inc. 1955 The 6-2317. or AMherst City, Salt phone Utah East, Lake

JUNE 1955 375 the Church moves On A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

conference was broadcast, in part or ft It was announced that Betty Jane

April 1955 entirety, by more than twenty radio "Killpack and Velma Harvey had stations and by fourteen television stabeen appointed to the general board of tions. the ImproveMutual Young Women's conference annual of the IThe Elder the Harold B. Lee of Council Association. ment Primary Association began on of addressed the Twelve the nationwide Elder was Announcement made that Square.Temple

radio audience on the Church of the Air Horace A. Christiansen had been approgram of the Columbia Broadcasting pointed to the general board of the

President David O. McKay was System. Deseret Sunday School.

2 one of the speakers at a session of Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to the

the Primary Association conference. The Council of the Twelve, addressed the

of the Richards LeGrand radio nationwide audience of theconference today. concluded "Faith In Elder

delivered Council of the Twelve in Action"of the program National priesthood meeting was held A general in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. More Broadcasting Company. the address on the "Faith in Action"

than seventy other congregations of The semiannual general conference radio program of the National Broadpriesthood bearers situated in Utah, of the Deseret Sunday School was held casting Company.

Idaho, Wyoming, Nevada, Colorado, in the Tabernacle. Among the speakThe Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and

Washington, Oregon, Arizona, and Caliers were President Stephen L Richards the orchestra of Brigham Young Unifornia listened to this service by a direct of the First Presidency and Elder Adam versity presented the eighth annual closed circuit public address system. S. Bennion of the Council of the Easter choral service in the Tabernacle.

The First Presidency announced the Twelve. Elder Frank Carl Berg sustained as

appointment of Elder Junius M. Jackson second counselor in the presidency of

to the presidency of the New England Sessions of the one hundred twenthe Monument Park (Salt Lake City)

States Mission, succeeding President J. tyfifth general conference of the Stake, succeeding Elder Kenneth P. Borg.

Howard Maughan. President Jackson Church continued on Temple Square.

has been president of the Bonneville early agriculture morning An that was made years. (Salt for several Stake Lake City) meeting | a1 Announcement

in held Hall. the Assembly Mrs. Mary Rose Young and Mrs. served in was a missionAs a young man he

the Eastern States. In recent years he has A special missionary meeting was held Annie M. Ellsworth had been appointed

been a counselor in the Yalecrest Ward, during the evening in the Tabernacle. to the general board of the Relief

and a member of the Bonneville Ward, Other groups held their reunions this Society.

a member of the Bonneville Stake high evening.

stakecouncil, in the counselor and a t President dedi- n David O. McKay

ispresidency. a Mrs. Jackson member *- * St. cated of the chapel the George r sessions of the conference General

of general theof the board YWMIA. Fifth St. Sixth wards, and George "recessed. of were the conMany are five of the parents children,They Stake. (Utah) visitors ference to Provo, for went Utah,four of will to accompany them whom

activities special President Clark, of Jr. at Brigham the UniReuben Young J. field of labor.the

versity. First Presidency, dedicated the chapel

Presidency The First the announced of the Owyhee Ward, Nyssa (Oregon) presidents Mission the Genmet withappointment of Elder Theodore Stake. C. eral Authorities in special meetings.

as president ofJacobsen the Eastern

States Mission succeeding President The Presiding Bishopric conducted a Elder David H. Yarn, Jr., formerly

Delbert G. Taylor. As a young man he special meeting in the evening in the second counselor in the presidency of

filled a mission in Denmark. Long Tabernacle. the East Provo (Utah) Stake, sustained

active in the work of the Church, at Elder John Longden, Assistant to the as first counselor, succeeding Elder B.

this call he was bishop of the BonneCouncil of the Twelve, dedicated the West Belnap. Elder Harold S. Hintze

ville Ward, Bonneville (Salt Lake City) chapel of the Whitney Ward, Franklin sustained as second counselor in the

Stake. President Jacobsen's wife, the (Idaho) Stake. stake presidency.

former Florence Grant Smith, and their three will sons to accompany the him i\ *) First Presidency announced The sessions of the genConcluding ofield labor. of ** "that Elder of G. Marion Romney "eral in conference held the were that Elder Lee announced It was Jepthe of the Council soon Twelve would Tabernacle.

topersen been the appointed had gentour the Australian Mission, and while

It that the announced was Churcheral of the board Young Men's Mutual there divide the would mission into two of has a 1,302,240. membership now Association.Improvement fields of labor.

Many returned missionaries and servLeroy J. Robertson's "Oratorio from

icemen held their semiannual reunions. the Book of Mormon"was presented

this evening in the Tabernacle by the fl A President David O. McKay deeighty-six piece Utah Symphony Orlivered the annual John A. WidtThe one hundred twentyfifth anchestra and the 350 voices from the comsoe memorial address before LDS

nual conference of the Church bined choruses of the University of students and their friends at the Los opened today on Temple Square. The Utah. Angeles Institute of Religion.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

yours A&ui'Dtimb TO ENjOY On the Domeliners DINING CARS!

'City of Los Angeles"and "City of Portland"

The biggest travel thrill of your life is yours to enjoy on Union Pacific

Astra Dome Dining Cars! You've never seen diners like this—brand new, magnificently

appointed, ultramodern, luxurious! They're America's first... America's newest.,

America's finest! Only Union Pacific has them!

Imagine the pleasure of dining in luxury atop an Astra Dome Dining Car while the beauty of the scenic Union Pacific West passes by.

Like sitting on top of the world!

You'll love the new Dome Coaches, too, with seats that are designed for comfortable viewing... and the fabulous Observation Lounge car, with its

For details, softas-a-cloud divantype Dome seats.

reservations, or Enjoy this thrill soon. Astra Dome Coaches are featured on "The Challenger"

help with your travel plans, see and the "City of Portland;"Astra Dome Dining Cars on the

your nearest "City of Los Angeles"and the "City of Portland,"and Astra Dome Observation

Union Pacific cars on all three of these famous Domeliners.

Railroad ticket agent. Next trip, for travel that's terrific, be specific... go Union Pacific!

a |S S Union Pacific Railroad JUNE 1955 377 Appointees to General Boards of MIA

For those hours

members have been old, when she was called to teach in of Three new added to the general boards of the the Sunday School. By the time she

Mutual Improvement Associations was old enough to be a Junior Girl GROWING—Lee Jeppersen to the Young Men's, in Mutual, she was teaching the Junand Betty Jane Killpack and Velma ior Girls'class. In the Ferron Ward, TOGETHER! Harvey to the Young Women's genEmery (Utah) Stake, she served as

eral board. dance and speech director, and also

Those exciting hours, while your as teacher in the Gleaner class. In

child is exploring the fascinating Helper, Utah, she was the dance diwonders of his growing world, are rector. She is the daughter of Mr.

those you'll always remember. For, and Mrs. Clive Killpack of Ferron,

as he delves, you'll rediscover the Utah.

old of childhood enchantments and She has filled a mission to the Calishare on the pages them with him of Childcraft. fornia Mission, and has served as a

missionary in the University (Salt

You'll find page after page of storLake City) Stake. She has been

ies and poems selected to suit his president of the YWMIA of the West years. There'll be songs, games, ridEleventh Ward. At this call to the

dles, other creative activities. And general board she was serving as the

there's a treasury of Art, Science, University Stake drama director. She Music, Literature and History, de- f is a Golden Gleaner. She is serving

signed to help build a wellrounded, Lee Jeppersen on the sports committee. cultured personality for your child.

It's hard to say who'll get the most T? lder Jeppersen of the South Twenout of the pleasure you share as *-* tieth Ward, Ensign (Salt Lake

you both explore Childcraft's fasCity) Stake, was born at Corinne, cinating pages, because Childcraft Utah, the son of Nephi and Rasminna living, is also a design for development and guidance. It brings you Jeppersen. During World War II he

the services of 150 leading experts served in the Pacific Theater as a in child psychology and education. B-29 pilot. After the war he was

For all this, all 15 wonderful volgraduated from the University of umes of Childcraft cost less than Utah.

you think. For full information, Always active in the Church, he

write Mr. "William F. Hayes, Dept. has labored principally in the Mutual,

1246, Box 3 565, Chicago 54, 111. serving as ward dance director, ward Velma Harvey

activity counselor, Explorer leader,

CHILDCRAFT ward superintendent in the South T7"elma Harvey also has grown from activity America's and child Twentieth Ward, famous coun- 'her youth in Church activity. plan development superinselor in the Stake Ensign

She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. tendency. His wife is the former

FIELD ENTERPRISES, INC. Frances Clawson. The couple have John M. Harvey of Tridell, Utah. She

was graduated from the Alterra High Educational Division one daughter.

Chicago, Illinois School and the Alterra Seminary. She

has filled a mission in the University (Salt Lake City) Stake, and has served in the YWMIA of the West

Eleventh Ward, first as secretary and

director of the Stake. University She

of A Beauty Career lateris as activity counselorShe is a com- a member the Mia Maid

MEANS AN mittee.

independent income FOR MEN OR WOMEN CITY AT NIGHT

G. I. Approved Course

By Catherine E. Berry MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW

FOR JUNE CLASSES 'The city goes to sleep as if it feared—Scholarships Available—To close its eyes upon the spreading

board Can arrange and room Betty Jane Killpack It leavesdark;a night light burning in each street in missionary home

And hangs a moon above the square of park.

CAREL'S BEAUTY SCHOOL Oetty Killpack began teaching in But like a watchful mother it can stir at wakefulness instant sound, 1061 E. 21st South any Salt Lake City, Utah "the auxiliary organizations of the To

to its resources Phone 846173 combat To summon

Church when she was twelve years The threat of danger lurking in its bound.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA His hands have fashioned here with woven poles,

In signature across the precious claim,

A zigzag barrier on virgin knolls

Inscribing this wild beauty to his name.

The road ribbons wend where his axles turned; by Dorothy J. Roberts

His brown arms labored; and his back was bent

Over tool in summer while color burned

And rocks were furnace till the light was spent.

Most beautiful is earth, loved by a man

Who fabricates his love with industry,

Shielding the cherished acres in his span,

Vigil of wilderness and native tree.

He weaves bare timber to a rugged seam,

And wheeltracks rim the boundary of his dream.

—Photograph by Lcland Van Wagoner

iitir'

JUNE 1955 'sfeiip:"-,-:'379

PEACE IN THE MOUNTAINS OLD HOME LANGUAGE OF HANDS

By Leah Sherman By Stanton A. Coblentz By Elizabeth A. Hutchison

a language speak TIands may shall again, perhaps, turning reenter the holiday: wheels ATever on with wefo

the heart; in Rooted labored, azure, once truant house foamflecked needs where That mind we A security Babies know

sky; laughed, dreamed, and impart. Caressing hands

life's retreat to that this our yourself peace: were gatherPromise and rooms day Dim beautiful, that home Those make

center, play.Serenity from watching chipmunks

Its supply, needs many sunredwood-filtered theOutdistance ribboned your warmly roadway Where when sacrifice toil with and etched Are light beamed. mind will not deny. love That

stale. of quietness mountainGrows The of children Outstretched hands

lake friends the old years have through There their for bread, Pleading cities'Is for hold. pressured antidote congregated desolation war's Speak the in the sky leans uplands whereHigh firelit the and moonglow lamp and By unsaid. eloquence With down cheer, blessing, a beseech Hands

air invigorates; treetops: the touchTo created presence Till their almost has fond prayer, in clasped Humbly

to campfire winter songs memories.Add Its loving atmosphere. benign and own lift the will burden That God tantalize singing a streamStop where can bear. to finds hard heart The

for trout of creel evening rainbowWith rose, daisy, the of walks and than More meal. aster, THINGS TWO cut roadway brook andFollow where grove, greenthe the huge than More maple

hills through bay, Merchant Jane H. By

spills. evening western the patternInto of the cottage and frame than wood More

plaster 'Two things are beautiful

Is given to them who tread our paths toBeyond all other things,

BEYOND THE DOOR day. The sky that comforts all,

The heart that sings.

By LeRoy Burke Meagher Part ing,of our life, too deep for time's dispellSo may my song of praise

Ghostlike remains behind that ivied door, Rise skyward, clear and strong,

Ipen the door to sorrow While we look skyward from a later dwellForever, for the sky

When the morning sun is low; ing And for the song.

Walk the shadowed gray earth grieving To see the sun on hills unviewed before.For the hour that you would know. TO A DAUGHTER LEAVING

Moisten your cup with weeping That your tongue may taste the pain; By Christie Lund Coles

And your heart, accepting sadness,

Will be caught to joy again. fooDSYE now, no, it won't be long.

Are you sure you have all your things?

(Child, child, how can I let you go,

STAR SEARCH You who were sunlight, gossamer wings?)

The wedding was very lovely.

By Maryhale Woolset) A kiss.... Your lipstick didn't smear.

(There lies your doll forgotten, |Vn cloudy evenings So much, so much of you is here.)

searchlights I watched have all tell the news. often, Write me skies, theExplore steep. is somewhat though good, road The mist. of aAssailing canopy

darling, hurry now, (Hurry, my soft, so unresistant, So...

I weep.) so quickly can Leave light or sight. to impenetrableYet

(Like the intangible barriers Between me and what I desire!) BE TO ME

Elaine V. Emans By vaguely bright beamsThe CHILDREN'S GAME

lost that way,This way—seeking,stab river flowing Be to me a winds shiftingTill suddenly By Rose C. Demmitt sea. to Quietly a passage,Clear

a cool and clean wind blowing Be through, dart rays eager theAnd over Often me. A game we played long, long ago skyways blue to the farFreed

radio Before and TV stars.And the constant of the a hill challenge Be Is in shining book memory my

I to climb; need have When to look. return wistful eyes Where

of still to the peace be And me so ones, too, good knew many We MESSAGE at eventime. Woodlands through. chores evening were Enjoyed when

choice, the one "Hide was Thimble"of a bird the singing Be McCurtain By Lucile V. noise, not overrun with game A lands, strange enchanted Of everyone happy, were And we heart has heard songs old Yet be my every fuchsia probes fun, the joined hummingbird Mother Whenever The loves understands. and And to her, thimble the For came when flame

Then rests his honeyed maw in pine bough Excitement set us all astir, Be the strength of trees that brace haven. For sometimes like a cunning elf Themselves against a storm,

She hid it somewhere on herself. But be a gentle lamplit place

The jay cracks sunflower seeds Then we would crowd around her knees Beyond the circle of harm.

Then preens his zenithblue in the same A-twitter like plum blossom bees lodge. Until someone let out a cheer, Be the joys I cannot tell

For they had spied it in her ear. But knew must surely come

I, who have drunk my sorrow, O we were happier then somehow Yet be to me the deeps, as well.

Take comfort from their healing normalcy. Than children are today, I vow. Which I can never plumb.

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >sssjvxbvrNiNiWSs

-0S

.. If Ye Humble Yourselves"%

by President David O. McKay

Now,ference,in conclusionwe wish toof expressthis inspirationalonce again conour wepointmentfelt thatwiththerethewouldPrimaryprobablyAssociationbe manyofficers,vacant gratitude to all who have contributed to its seats. It was snowing, in fact, it was almost a

success including those who have furnished these blizzard as we entered the Tabernacle. I shall

lovely flowers not only for the beauty of the never forget the inspiration that I felt as I looked flowers themselves, but especially for the spirit over an audience that completely filled this histhat prompted the giving. The calla lilies come toric building.

from Berkeley Stake, and the daffodils, from the That morning, two great impressions came to

Tacoma Stake through the courtesy of the Puyalmy mind. One, that this demonstration of the

lup Daffodil Festival Committee of Tacoma. Primary Association is but illustrative of other

We express appreciation to city officials for groups in the Church, equally active, equally retheir efficient care in directing traffic during the sponsible. There came to my mind the saying in

conference; to the reporters; to radio and teleEphesians: "And he gave some, apostles; and

vision stations, for the service in our own citv and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some,

state and other states named throughout sessions pastors and teachers..."(Eph. 4:11) and so

this service has been the means of permitting forth. Seven organizations, including two of the

conference—totens of thousandsthe todailyhearpapers,the proceedingshere in theof citythe Aaronicteachers—teachers,Priesthood,guides,with inspirers,273,142 ofofficersthe memand

and in the state, we express appreciation for their bership of the Church, engaged in perfecting the cooperation and their efforts accurately to reSaints, working in the ministry, edifying the port the proceedings of this great conference. body of Christ.

Once again, we express appreciation and gratiWhen I listened to the Primary workers and tude for those groups who have furnished such heard them report several stakes that have one inspiring music—the men's chorus of the Taberhundred percent enrolment, and the officers and

nacle Choir last Saturday night; the Tabernacle teachers guiding them and teaching them, I was

Choir, faithful members, capable, inspiring; the reminded of an article, a story I read twenty years

Brigham Young University combined choruses. ago in one of our national magazines. It is a

You who heard them will join me in expressing story of a little boy who had wandered from his appreciation of their presence, as well as for their home into the "Badlands"of North Dakota.

glorious singing; inspiring how and finally—and at about three 1933, July 18, On Tuesday, their with concluded our conference it is, to have

little threeyear-old in the afternoon, o'clock a to "Singing express appreciation our singing—we filled, lad was lost in the Badlands of North Dakota. seats are the choir notice Mothers."You only a barefooted, bareheaded, wore and was He and also the two rows extending on each side of

for of arc pair Badlands noted coveralls. The

the gallery.

their pitfalls, canyons, rattlesnake holes, and as

I should like to acknowledge with gratitude the presence of the Spirit of the Lord. After all, that a rendezvous for wild animals.

is what makes a conference inspiring. I felt its Upon discovering that the little boy was missuplifting influence last Saturday morning. It was ing, his parents began an immediate search. Later

about one hour after this unprecedented snow- {Concluded on following page) storm swept over the valley. As Sister McKay "President McKay's summary address at the April general conference.

and I approached the Tabernacle to fill our apConferenceAddresses ofsection,all thebeginningGeneral onAuthoritiespage 395. are in the special General

JUNE 1955 SSOQOSCC xxxA j[4/ v vis I %3 JL CwlCts*VCNCsfsCTsCsGxX381

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) shall not be too late, and we shall not be if we will honor in the evening neighbors and friends were notified, an our callings and do our duty as urged upon us through allnight search was made. Early Wednesday morning a this great conference.

neighbor rode sixteen miles to Walford City to give the I have time just to summarize the address given by alarm that a child was lost. Farmers, housewives, shepKing Benjamin at the conclusion of his great address

herds, cowboys, business and professional men, storeas recorded in Mosiah:

keepers, Boy and Girl Scouts, law officers without delay "... I say unto you... if ye... humble yourselves

gathered on the town square at Schafer to hear Sheriff even in the depths of humility, calling on the name of

Thompson's instructions as follows: the Lord daily, and standing steadfastly in the faith of

"We are all going out to the Badlands to find and that which is to come,...

bring back the little Cornell boy. The best way I know "... ye shall always rejoice, and be filled with the love

to do this is for all of us to form into one single line of God, and always retain a remission of your sins; and

and march out there. Each man, woman, and child ye shall grow in the knowledge of the glory of him that

of us will be spaced a few feet from each other. Every hole created you, or in the knowledge of that which is just

and canyon on the way must be searched. Every and true.

brush must be examined as we go along. This line, "And ye will not have a mind to injure one another,

friends and neighbors, must not be broken. Every water but to live peaceably, and to render to every man achole, ravine, and cave must be searched thoroughly. cording to that which is his due.

Every square inch must be scanned by us as we go. It "And ye will not suffer your children that they go

is the only way. I don't know how long our search will hungry, or naked; neither will ye suffer that they transtake, but Alfred Cornell is out in the Badlands somegress the laws of God, and fight and quarrel one with

where, and when we turn back, the little fellow will be another, and serve the devil, who is the master of sin, with us. We can only hope that we shall not be too or who is the evil spirit which hath been spoken of by

late. Now, let's get going. I have appointed some of our fathers, he being an enemy to all righteousness.

you deputies to ride on horseback so that there will be "But ye will teach them to walk in the ways of truth no slipup, and there will be none if I know anything and soberness; ye will teach them to love another, and

about the people of this state."to serve one another."(Mosiah 4:1115.)

officers bless you, and teachers of the Church God evening lined 6:30 the boy Thursday The formed—at Christ. of Jesus the Church feet in at a kneeling water hole. His legs and foundwas

were badly bruised and inflamed. His father and mother May the love of our Redeemer be in each heart, and

rushed to him clasping him in their arms and said, "How that means that that love will be expressed in serving did you like it, lad?"one another, for

"Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least "Fine,"answered the plucky little fellow and burst of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me,"said into tears.

When that tenmile-line of human beings saw that Christ.Oh, what(Matt.love25:40.)is in your heart this moment as you

the boy was found and really alive, a great cheer arose contemplate the greatness and goodness of our Father from 250 voices. throughout this conference.

They had found that which was lost. They had anMay the Lord continue to bless these brethren of the

swered the challenge, had overcome all obstacles and General Authorities, and others who have spoken to us saved a life. during this conference. They represent the hundreds of

Two hundred seventythree thousand, one hundred thousands of others in the Church. God bless his work

fortytwo officers and teachers are assembled in the here among mankind, that the influence of love and

Church of Jesus Christ, going out to search for young good will may radiate from this center throughout the boys and girls who are in the Badlands of immoral inwhole world, and bring glory to our Father in heaven, fluences that surround us. Let us pray God that we I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Iniquity of the Fathers

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

"I am a teacher of the Gleaner Class. This when a man transgresses he teaches his children to

is my first year in this work. We are transgress, and they follow his teachings. It is natural

studying the Ten Commandments. Will you give me for children to follow in the practices of their fathers

an explanation of the last half of the second commandand by doing so suffer for the parents'iniquity which ment, Exodus 20:5? It has seemed to me that the second they have voluntarily brought upon themselves.

Article of Faith is a direct contradiction of this comThere are numerous other passages of scripture showmandment."ing the mercy and justice of the Lord and that they are

The scripture in question is as follows: not to be punished for the fathers'transgression. Here

... visiting the iniquity ol the lathers are a few:

upon the children unto the third and fourth generation "The fathers shall not be put to death for the chilof them that hate me."dren, neither shall the children be put to death for

The second Article of Faith reads: "We believe that the fathers: every man shall be put to death for his own

men will be punished for their own sins, and not for sin."(Deut. 24:16.)

Adam's transgression.""But the children of the murderers he slew not:

Adam's transgression was banishment from the presaccording unto that which is written in the book of the ence of God and bringing the physical death into the law of Moses, wherein the Lord commanded saying, The world. The majority in the religious world maintains fathers shall not be put to death for the children, nor

that every child born into this world is tainted with the children be put to death for the fathers; but every

"original sin,"or partakes of Adam's transgression in his man shall be put to death for his own sin."(II Kings

birth. The second Article of Faith contradicts this fool14:6. Compare II Chron. 25:4.)

ish and erroneous doctrine. This has nothing to do "In those days they shall say no more, The fathers

whatever with the latter part of the second commandhave eaten a sour grape, and the children's teeth are set ment. on edge.

What your question means, as I interpret it, is this: "But every one shall die for his own iniquity: every

You have an idea that the commandment means that man that eateth the sour grape, his teeth shall be set when a man sins his children will be held responsible on edge."(Jer. 31:2930.)

for his folly and be punished for it, for three or four "The soul that sinneth, it shall die. The son shall

generations. The commandment does not mean anynot bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the

thing of this kind. The Lord never punishes a child father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness

for its parents'transgressions. He is just and merciful. of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness

The real meaning of this visiting of the iniquity is that of the wicked shall be upon him."(Ezek. 18:20.)

of the picture. We see the present short scenes, but

Jke 4n5wer6 e haveare a forgottenlittle loathwhatto precededwait for ourthe entrancecertaintieshere,and andasRichard L. Evans suranceslesson to oflearn.everlastingBut soonerlife. orPatiencelater, weisn'tlearnan easythat

life demands patience. Sooner or later we learn that

quickly remake or answers, all the pry can't open we at tell times what ourselves us of we most doubt hands. all And into our things or take own other men, No if the world running differently were do we would justice and that time and learn later also or sooner we that should people see things universe. or and the We their way, in things and own answer Providence many righted. Somebe that should wrongs improved, be and overtime, and their in problems own solve many getting to be surely seems see times someone who we antheir give events, all all own and take and men ininjustice, inertia, see something. with away We Faith, us. trouble try that things the to and swers questions, and difference, delay. unanswered have We little at working little time, a and patience, a and for at times, out, the cry hearts we our answers—and will miracles, at, will work many working needs what insistent are so right sometimes want them now—and heal sorrows, soften will questions, many answer many for substitutes. Sometimes, accept that sometimes we Faith wrongs. right and and wounds, many many the stand that theories not do example, embrace we help us will intelligent work time patience and and to for test the of somewhat time, seem but moment the of life assurance settled blessed, live to a with feel that also, satisfy. sure might we Sometimes, we us help will of outcome, and ultimate Tightness the

is all sure for other precisely good what know men—so seek. find so answers the much we justified to feel in forcing our that might them we

given for has thinking Lord them. But the men God. Jkele JpotetJpoteen SQUARE TEMPLE FROM WoX.Word are wise their would we, freedom, and how and who BROADCASTING COLUMBIA THE KSL AND PRESENTED OVER given? has to take the freedom from them we be, God 1955 27, SYSTEM, MARCH

Part of our impatience comes from seeing only part Copyright, 1955

JUNE 1955 383 IN THIS ISSUE DR. NIBLEY CONTINUES HIS DISCUSSION ON A CONSIDERATION OF METHODS IN

Oonlrolling fhe Rasf

by Dr. Hugh Nibley

Part VI BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Folly Number Four, continued'. the idea of literal translation is comFolly Number Five: The Search for

dealing with contemporary lanpletely annihilated, and the experts Shortcuts: Most of the energy and

Inguages something like a oneto-one often declare any translation at all to determination that should go into relationship may be detected in be out of the question. A passage surmounting the language barrier belimited areas, such as sports and scifrom Dieterici shows what we are up tween us and the past is at present

ence. Today an Arabic, Greek, Rusagainst: being expended in ingenious efforts

sian, English, and French newspaper In sentence structure the Semites employ to circumvent it. A widespread recogwill all dutifully report that a meeting short, disconnected utterances, expressed nition of the limitations of translation

is going to "take place"at such and only by fits or starts, which reflect the subhas, for example, produced a consuch a time, * though the expression jective concept only in the most brief and tinual outpouring of bilingual edilan- Indogermanic form. sketchy The tions, text original the with one on"take of place"is not native to any the other move in wellhand guages on

it English the facing the on page and Stillthose languages one. but they periods. easilyunfolding The ordered,

all use it, for they speak an internaSemitic sentence is but the immediate reother. Such texts are a pernicious

tional idiom, the sophisticated lanflection of a subjective idea (Affekt), it is nuisance: if one can read the original,

Indogermanic the opinion; only an is if translation insists the impertinence, an of civilization.guage world This was

of conveyed thought the identity on the is not, the original a rebuke. But worstas true as years thousand two ago... reality. actual At the institution with

it is today, and every student has of the sacrament, Christ cannot possibly of all the double text is a fiendish dewondered why Greek and Latin seem have said anything but "this: my blood, sign for crippling the mind. No one

present could flesh,"one and no ever as my as well language any knows likeso lanthis: one much alike—almost

... him. possibly misunderstood have his confronted own, by and two when withguage two alphabets—though usual (the sentence a nominal Such texts of eye, the following the law different as arefundamentally they is untranslatable utterly Semitic) thing in

from each other as they are from into Greek without the word "esti"(is) least resistance, will infallibly graviEnglish. Professor Albright has comwhich of course in the original language tate to the more familiar idiom. I

mented often on the amazing uninever existed. 104 defy the best scholar alive to spend

text los- a a without with Loeb week of offormity four thoudoc- esti rests the whole Yet on that of his ing deal confidence a good and their too years hadsand theago—theylanguages of the transubstantiation. At 102 for independent judgment, the ready As trine worldidiom. peculiarown

is it Luther, disputation Marburg anticipates constantly translation and it is civilizations, observed,,Spengler not cultures, that keep records (alle said, silenced the opposition by writthereby conditions all one's reacGeschichte ist Stadtgeschichte); hence ing upon the table with a piece of tions to the clues.

the language of the records is the chalk: Hoc est corpus meum, with all Then there are special handbooks

language of civilization and at any the emphasis on the est, a word which and courses designed to reduce the given time reflects a fairly uniform in the language of Jesus had no equivlanguage barrier to a minimum by equipment of ideas and things, which alent! Only to one writing Latin do confining all effort to an assault on

makes the translation of contempothe fine theological distinctions beone single book, typical offerings berary languages into each other comtween est, ens, essens, essentia, esse, ing Biblical Aramaic, New Testament paratively mechanical and reliable. etc., have a real, if any, significance, Greek, Homeric Greek, Legal Latin,

It is when we want to translate beand when M. Gilson triumphantly etc. In these special courses, special

tween languages separated by a gap defines God at the end of his search grammars and special dictionaries, of thousands of years or even a few as "the pure act of being,"he is utwe are told just what the text is gocenturies that the trouble begins. So tering what, to vast numbers of the ing to say before we read it. If it

completely does any oneto-one rehuman race—in whose languages does not say just that for us, we have

lationship vanish between languages "being"is not an act at all and often learned our lesson badly. But if we

that reflect widely different cultures does not even exist as a verb-—would know exactly what the original text

that it may be necessary to translate be the purest nonsense. The Latin is going to tell us before we open it,

one line of a text by a whole page or fathers often express regret that the why bother to open it at all? We

a page by a single line! 1 "* So much impossibility of rendering Greek exare told exactly how to react to every

for "literal"translation. Where a pressions into Latin makes it imposword, when the whole purpose of our

synthetic language must be translated sible for them to convey a clear constudy is to enjoy an independent reinto an analytic one or vice versa, ception of the Godhead. 105 action.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hardly much better are standard and by the time the machine has fessional jargon, about as artificial as grammars and dictionaries. They can caught up with the mind, the mind is a thing can be. While the evolutionget the student started on his way, already two jumps ahead of it. ists think of language as a tool, the

but they accompany him only the This endless game effectively dishuman race itself resents functional first few steps of his journey. The qualifies another device by which stuism in language as it does in dress.

excellence of the great scholars of the dents have hoped to circumvent the

Renaissance and after, lay in their language obstacle. This is the study of The value of a language is not to be

early discovery that there is no such linguistics. The arbitrariness of lanmeasured by its efficiency: The

thing as the correct dictionary meanguage makes all the general laws subgreatest languages are the hardest.

ing of a word. For the most part, ject to change without notice. In The operation of a hard grammatical

grammars and lexicons are loaded linguistics one is everlastingly discovapparatus requires a certain minimum dice: they are tipoffs on the clues, ering and demonstrating the two of mental effort, even of those who

preconditioning the reader and preprinciples, (1) that people are very have grown up with the language cluding independent reaction to the conservative, and (2) that in spite of (does the fact that English is our text. Professor Gardiner shows us the that, rules do get broken. If the mother tongue make the spelling of

limitation of all mechanical helps human race were absolutely conservaEnglish easy for us?); it guarantees

when he explains why the translative, we could have reliable rules of a degree of cerebration which easier tion of Egyptian is so hard: language. 108 But fortunately the very languages do not. The mere statemen and women who take the most ment of a thing in some languages is

of large challenge. a majority the mental meaning Romans The The of liberties those are with language who

is or either already known, employedwords difficulty the superior envied of Greek it: influence the most have upon Theelse through be elicited with comparison can their their best to did and make own rules the are people the make who precise the examples; not nuancesother but

of meaning, its general direction and its people who break them. language like it. Their writings disapproximate emotional quality.... The A belated attempt to remove the play a conscious mental effort which

for basis preferring haveonly can one is we positively enjoyed and which of they barrier invention is the another, torendering the language once when to this the chief stimulus of Latin simplified as basic languages, such ofexigencies dictionary have grammar and never misses a sense of exbeen satisfied—and these leave a large English, and of new international day—one

margin for divergencies—is an intuitive apidioms such as Esperanto, Volapuk, ercise, of stretching one's mental musis cles,preciation writer's of the trend of the in ancient lacking disturbingly which Interlingua. languages These and

all will basis, precariousmind. ad- A very less languages. vertebrate Looksome prove 106 have what known we shouldmit.

of readLatin ing at one a page can that the ago: long languages men

ily every that a see almost has word are harder than speak today much followed natural laws, languageIf familiar story root might that the and like to be, that ever people they -*- need of then the intuition area might be easily in as told very simply be and it lanfind that that they way, and toreduced a nothing and machine or superimposed Yet French. Spanish tasteof to challenge be devoid guage perfectfor translation devised. be But like compli- a over page, the whole all, less of After to point the nausea. of greatest of theone charms language is a a gramcated over template map,

its is as us, language, somename itis that be used waywardly, may arbilaborious pattern so matical and is thing that the must on tongue—ittells ironically, whimsically,wantonly, scholars trary the best spend that must spit flavor, or a body, have and we literallysubtlely, to or inanely, any sento simple figure trying out hours

it in truer out. This anwas even writerdegree a chooses-—-and which this tences. annoying tough and And cient the times: sugevidence "What isit of masters greatest the language It is entirely unnecessary. apparatus "is gests,"writes Raglan, that Lord it. liberties takethat with the most -language does that us more shows of originators, the language not but is of literature to very purposeThe fill for elementary comneed a than all of people languages, were known forannihilate peomost boredom, and otheris It mankind's munication.

fertile of took a acute minds and who bore. rules of are the aple grammar playingthe world, a world, dream in pride pleasure out a working and infallibly rigid of rules grammarThe field, the shady ground, the parade syssystems, grammatical complex tricks to creative thesuggest naughty theater, the laboratory, retreat, the of as a merely tems means which to loves the crack moldmind, which of cosmos; the mirror the the forum, are quite unnecescommunication regutheof whole which usage upon it infinite scope and allow 109 must we.".. artisary. find such may Welarity of once depends. language And it that infinite with Along ambition.

let forficiality regrettable, not us but in off struck a genius hasthe new of tool, communicais also a a means is artificial all get language that milliondirection promptly the and his fellows of with not only tion man is speech, rule in more there any no their in dogfollow him, andgladly us takes This. himself. also with but

is genius in that music, there than the turnmatic, unimaginative way new grammatical felony into a law must work with instruments that na- 4. Beyond the Gadgets of grammar. 107 Thus in an endless ture alone has created. riioDAY we have machines that do

antiphonal the spirit rebukes the letThe language of Homer, Virgil, the -*- most of our calculations for us.

ter, and the letter checks the spirit, Eddas, and the Qasidas is pure pro- (Continued on following page)

lAIWIIWIAIIIIAIWWIAAIWWWtflAIIAIIIWyWWWWV

JUNE 1955 385 CONTROLLING THE PAST (Continued from preceding page) the stuff is out of the question. What guage, and it has only been on top

IBM machine "702"is now ready to a joyful thing to contemplate—the for forty years. Imagine, then, how

take over all the functions of accountone boundless task left to man in the important our language would be if ing and bookkeeping in a world which universe! 111 it had been the only world language,

lives by those disciplines. 110 At a During the past century repeated without competitors, for a thousand

total of only six percent of present attempts have been made to handle years! What if for ten centuries

capital outlay, it is estimated, all the the vast and evergrowing bulk of everything of any importance that big industry of the United States stuff bequeathed us by the ancients was thought or said in the western could be operated almost entirely by by certain ingenious experiments in world had to be said and written mechanical controls. Three cheers! repackaging. Against a roar of prodown in English. Well, for a thouWhat a machine can do, that a matest Lord Acton introduced the study sand years Latin actually was the one

chine should do. But what remains of history at Cambridge, but this did language of the West, while at the

for us? Science without gadgets! not reduce but only added to the same time Arabic ruled the East. And

That we can do some things that no amount of. materials to be handled by before that for another thousand

machine can or conceivably ever could the conscientious student. Today years—the most creative period ofdo—therein lies our true dignity and ambitious men would grasp the whole all—Greek was the common world

destiny as human beings. The checkmessage of the human record by relanguage of East and West. And being and ushering and bookkeeping, packaging it in this or that social scifore that for yet another thousand

all the automatic and repetitious ence: the packages are impressively years, a common Semitic idiom was

things that make up the day's work tied and labeled—but there is very the learned and diplomatic language

for most modern men, have no busilittle in them, and nothing of the of the world. The greatest and most

ness being done by living people; original source material that makes up significant works of the human mind,

some day they may be done as they the vast preponderance of the field as well as the smallest and most inshould be by machines, and then notes and lab notes of the human significant efforts of the schoolmen, men can really get down to business. race. A new school of archaeology is are almost all recorded in a few lanYet for most of us such a prospect trying to grasp the same prize, claimguages, and the records of the past

is simply terrifying. The busy work ing that they can discover the past run not into unnumerable linguistic puddles to be searched out andthat rightfully belongs to the machine simply by looking at pictures—which

is the refuge of the timid mind, and is much easier than reading texts. correlated but are conveniently chanit is to the gadgetry of scholarship Leading archaeologists are loudly deneled into a few vast, all inclusive

the pretentious secretarial tasks of ploring this tendency, which is bound reservoirs. This should make it clear

compiling, annotating, copying, checkto become as popular as it is futile. why a knowledge of certain languages

to any indispensable is absolutely text meaningful While any may being, the abridging, and the rest—that serious the past, and study of why pictures illustrations (though a without clings today with worldacademic

sort of desperation. Regiments of are always welcome), no picture can their neglect has led to a serious cripworkers equipped with costly machinconvey its real meaning without refpling of all our efforts to get a conery are busy searching out, digging erence to some text: to abolish the vincing picture of what men have

up, acquisitioning, classifying, catatext is to abolish archaeology, and to really been doing and thinking loging, preserving, reproducing, disabolish the original language is to through the ages. The gadgets will

seminating, explaining, displaying, abolish the text. The glamorous never answer that question for us.

and even selling the documents of the package, a great aid to salesmanship, But if scholarship is not a slidehas no place in scholarship: it will rule science, it has certain controlspast—doing every conceivable thing

with the documents but reading them! do nothing either to surmount or cirwhich any science might envy. AnThey are waiting for the reading cumvent the language barrier. tiquity is a romantic study; it has an

machine that will never come. Three But you can't expect people to learn irrestible appeal to the glamor hunter

hundred and fifty years ago Joseph scores of languages to be able to surand the poseur; everybody wants to

Scaliger could read more ancient texts vey the past! They don't need to. get into the act. The result is a

and comprehend what he read more It is one of the delightful compenchaos of clashing ambitions and waspclearly than any scholar in the world sations to the student "willing to go ish tempers, with amateurs and "protoday. Scientists can stand on the the hard way that Providence, as if fessionals"everlastingly accusing each

shoulders of those who have gone betaking pity on his plight and conother of stupidity and humbug. Withfore, but not humanists. The latest cerned lest the staggering accumulaout a governor the humanities get

text in astronomy supersedes and suptions of the past go neglected in an completely and quickly out of hand.

plants whole shelves of earlier textinextricable maze of hundreds of forBut in language we have perfect conbooks, but the humanist must start gotten languages, had removed the trol: The man who can read off the

with his ABC's and read on, page by difficulty by a most marvelous deancient text you place before him is page, through the very same literavice: the world language. not likely to be an irresponsible

ture that Casaubon and Lipsius had One wishing to study twentieth crackpot. The rigid check on the

to wade through centuries ago. Sumcentury world civilization could do so scholar does not lie in the judgment

maries, condensations, and translaknowing one language alone-—Engof his fellows—scholars band easily

tions will help him not at all, for lish—and he would pretty well have together into groups and schools and

they are only opinions and bound to to know that. But English still has conform their thinking to that of prebe out of date. A rapid skimming of serious competitors as a world lan- (Continued on page 455)

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Apostasy was running rampant in the

Activities in Kirtland Church, one of the contributing

Chapter IV factors being the financial panic in the land. history have of ChurchStudents staIn 1836, the Saints in Kirtland the membership long debated tus of Martin Harris. Writers undertook to form the Kirtland Safety

and speakers, almost to the man, have Society. It was to be an industrial

said that while Oliver Cowdery and stock company, with the management

David Whitmer were excommuniplaced in the hands of respective occated from the Church, such formal cupations: agriculture, mechanical

action was never taken against the arts, and merchandising. The articles

other witness, Martin Harris, who of incorporation included some farseealso drifted away from the teachings ing principles which would have been and the practices of the Church. very beneficial to the stockholders had

Perhaps this view is taken because this society continued. Paper currency,

Elder William Harrison Homer saw or due bills, was issued by the society

Martin Harris in Kirtland, Ohio, in as was the custom in that day. When

December 1869, as Elder Homer rethe financial panic broke in 1837, this turned from a mission in England. company collapsed before it had really

Upon reaching Salt Lake City, Elder begun to operate fully. The collapse

Homer, accompanied by his father, was hurried by dishonest employees.

reported to Brigham Young that MarEach stockholder was obligated, under tin Harris desired to come to Utah. the terms of the agreement, to reThe President was pleased. He spoke deem the currency issued to the exof Martin Harris'contribution to the tent of his holdings in the concern.

Church, and ended with this stateBut many of the shareholders had obment: "... when the Church came tained their stock by pledging lands3

West, Martin Harris remained beat their prevailing inflated values.

hind. It is true that Martin Harris The "bubble had broken"land and

did not apostatize; he was never tried other values had evaporated overfor his fellowship; he was never exnight and conditions in Kirtland, as

communicated."1 elsewhere in the nation, were bad. In

Research at the Church Historian's Kirtland the leaders of the Church

Office in Salt Lake City in recent were blamed by the "man on the years has turned up evidence that The Kirtland Temple, dedicated in March street."

seems to prove otherwise. There is 1836, was the first temple built by the LatterDuring the financial panic of 1837,

a letter dated January 1, 1838, written day Saints. when apostasy 'ran so high in Kirtby Elder John Smith from Kirtland, land and several of the Twelve AposOhio, to his son Elder George A. tles turned against the Prophet with

Smith, then serving a mission in Johnson,rish. John F. Boynton, and W. W. Parfalse accusations and sought his overShinnston, Harrison County, Virginia. We have cut off between forty and fifty throw, it was Brigham Young who

(It is now West Virginia.) It is a from the Church since you left. Thus you stood firm and loyal, declaring that

newsy letter, the kind that missionsee the Church has taken a mighty pruning, Joseph Smith was the Prophet of God.

aries like to receive from home. Here nessand weof herthinkstrength.she will. soon..a rise in the greatSo intense was the hatred against

are two paragraphs from it: Brigham Young for this bold stand

A. his son, George Smith and John his for Kirtland to leave that had he

. at this time spiritual condition The greatgrandfather and the Smith, were December safety. departed He own I the Council called also. is High gloomy.. President late of the - the arrived among the grandfather 22, before 1837, last laid and themtogether and week

case of dissenters. Twentyeight persons George Albert Smith. Saints in Far West, Missouri, March

were, upon mature discussion, cut off from Difficult times abounded both in 14, 1838. The headquarters of the

SmallCyrus were Church.the The leaders 1837. in in the the Church land and transferred from soon was Church S. Harris, Luke Martin Coe,ing, Joseph 4

1838. 1, History, S. Johnson Luke January 2Journal Missouri. Brigham Young Ohio to

listed this letter, in F. were City Boynton, mem1926) Lake and iTHE John Era (Salt Improvement

29:471. bers of the Council of the Twelve. was not in Kirtland at the time that

John Smith wrote that letter, nor had he been for about ten days. Certainly he must have been told of such

action against Martin Harris, but the fastmoving events between 1838 and 1870 could have crowded it from his

Tijwif.'.,.; memory. m (Continued on page 462)

3John A. Widtsoe, Gospel Interpretations—Evidences

II (Salt Reconciliations p. 143. Lake City 1947), M and

Biographical Jenson, Encyclopedia 4Andrew LDS MmMBMM 1:10. (Salt 1901), Lake City

JUNE 1955 387 "You shouldn't consider going back to work until you can wake up feeling young and eager to start the day."

Lorraine R. ManderscheidIrma Had a Headache

Irma Jacobs unclenched her shakcovered her typewriter, picked up her ably just clench your teeth and go ing hands and determinedly rolled purse, and walked out with a parton with what needs to be done. I've

fresh paper into the typewriter. ing smile of reassurance for her emknown- you for- a long time, Irma,

But when she lifted her hands to beployer. and I definitely feel that you should

gin typing again, it was as if her But out in the sunlight, her head take a long rest. Oh, you can do a

fingers had forgotten where to find began to whirl again. She leaned little around the house, but this trythe needed keys. If only my head against a building trying to think ing to run a home and an office, too,

would stop throbbing, she thought. what to do. It occurred to her that is getting to be just a bit too much.

Maybe a drink of water would help. she might check with her doctor after You shouldn't consider going back to

As she rose from her chair, the room all. His office was just up the street. work until you can wake up feeling

went black and began to whirl. She Irma was surprised at the questions young and eager to start your day."

grabbed at the edge of her desk and Dr. Hemingway asked. Did she Irma examined a broken fingernail

hung on. There was a crash as Mr. sleep well? Had she been getting intently. She just couldn't quit work.

Holbrook knocked his chair over in emotional over trifles? Did she feel Not now! Not until she had saved

his haste to reach her. tired even after a night's rest? about three hundred more dollars!

It was like him to be concerned. "But it's only a bad headache, Dr. For the sake of her three teenagers,

"Shall I take you to your doctor?"Hemingway. Of course, I have been she'd have to hang on that much

Irma shook her head. "Then at least awfully tired. Sometimes I can't relonger. "I'll think it over, doctor, and

you must take the rest of the aftermember when I wasn't tired. I feel thank you so much."

noon off."that if just one more thing upset me, She walked dizzily home, forcing

"You're very thoughtful, Mr. Hol- I'd—I'd simply fall in a heap and one foot before the other, thinking

brook. I think I will go home though, cry."to herself that so much of life was

if you won't mind too much."She "Except you never do. You problike this walk. You make yourself

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA struggle to one goal and then to anbegan to feel sick. Had her children Brice didn't interrupt as she told

other. She had taken the job so they been concealing some dreadful thing? him her worries about the children.

could clear up some bills that had She met her fifteenyear-old on the He sat for a few moments staring in been worrying Brice for a long time. front walk. Faye seemed surprised concentration. "I've known for a

And then the old refrigerator groaned to see her home, and then her face long time, Irma, that we weren't and quit. Now it was the living fell into its habitual expression of staying close enough to our children

room. She felt that if they had some bored tolerance. Irma looked closely and their problems. Often I've

decent furnishings for the house, the to see if there was anything else in thought surely next week things children might want to stay home her face but turned away unsatisfied. wouldn't be so pressing and we could

more. Maybe they'd invite their "Faye, I don't know if you had find time for the kids. But the

friends in. Of course, it was possible planned to go anywhere, but I'd like merrygo-round of work seems to

that all teenagers were like that you to be home when Daddy comes. whirl faster than ever. Shall we call

dash in and throw their books down Will you find Anthon and Jill and them out and see what we can do and mumble something about going tell them, too? I think we should now?"

over to somebody's and hurry out. all have a talk."Brice stepped to the door and

She hardly knew them any more. Faye sounded horrified. "What called. The three settled themselves

Sometimes she thought she should for, Mother? Has something—I mean, on the porch steps, their faces utterly

try to find out about things, but they did you—?"expressionless.

shrugged her off. If she could buy Irma looked quickly at her daugh- "Do you children remember the

a lovely new living room suite, new ter. Now it was Faye with that family conferences we used to have

drapes, and hmmm—maybe even hunted expression. Irma put her when you were younger? We'd all

wallto-wall carpeting—that should hands over her face and sank down work out our problems together."

create a nice atmosphere. But three on the step. Maybe it was just her Brice sounded stilted and nervous.

hundred would never do all that. dizzy, aching head. She must be "I've felt for a long time that Mother

She'd have to work a little longer having some sort of collapse. Faye's and I weren't spending enough time

than she had thought. steps hesitated and then went into with you."He cleared his throat

Opening the front door, she glanced the house. Irma heard the car door carefully. "Parents aren't experts

about appraisingly. It was pretty slam. That would be Brice. Now on living, but there are things we

bad. The old green couch looked as if he did it, too, she'd know the can help with. Mother and I would

if it were preparing to cough its trouble was in her own mind. But like to know if you have any probstuffing out on to the rug. The poor her husband pulled her to her feet lems that—ahem—well, any probfaded rug hugged itself in the center and looked into her eyes with conlems."

of the floor, and the drapes hung cern. "Sweetheart, is something Anthon 's chin was drawn far down

limp and forlorn as if they echoed wrong?"in his collar. Jill had turned her

her own fatigue. Irma burst into tears. He led her face to one side, and Faye's head was

Irma was about to fit her weary over to the swing where the vines lying on her arms. Irma heard Jill

body to the lumps of the couch when covered the porch, "It can't be so mutter something in an undertone to seventeenyear-old Jill opened the terrible, Irma honey. Now don't Anthon. Otherwise there was sifront door. The look of surprised cry."lence. (Continued on page 456)

guilt on the young face made her mother wonder. "Uh—hello, Mom.

got home a little early."I—uh—just

Irma wondered why coming home from school early should make her daughter look like that. "Is anything wrong, Jill? I mean, is there

something you should tell me?"

"No. Should there be?"Her

voice was carefully polite.

'Maybe I just imagined it, Irma thought. Still that expression on

Jill's face stayed in her mind. An

hour or so later, long, leggy Anthon clattered up the steps, his books under one arm. She opened the door.

"Why, Anthon,"she said, "is your bicycle broken? I thought you always rode it to school."The boy's

eyes glanced hastily about. "Yeah.

Yeah, that's it. It's—uh, can't ride

it any more."He disappeared into

his room.

His mother walked out into the garage to see just what was wrong with the bike. It wasn't there. Irma The look of surprised gui e young face made her mother wonder.

JUNE 1955 389 Howtenwouldchildren?you handle"Ten aAngelsfamily forof ElderIn "TheBensonBesttellsAdvice(Reader'sI EverDigest,Had"

Christmas"by Rosemary Jones November 1954, three pages) of his and photographs by Ruth Orkin father's familiar counsel, "All through (Ladies'Home Journal, December my life the counsel to depend on Mormons 1954, covers eight pages, twelve picprayer has been prized above any tures) tells the story of the Ray and other advice I have ever received. It

Marvel Crookston family of Logan, has become an integral part of me, an in the

Utah. With ten children, ten years anchor, a constant source of strength."

of age and younger the Crookstons He then relates three answers to a prayer theirsolve family problems with faithpromoting incidents and Magazines says: spiritfresh They and enthusiasm.

pay a full tithe and still meet their "It is soulsatisfying to know that successfully. problemseconomic A of ready us and God is mindful to by Franklin S. Harris Jr. is given of a wonderdetailed account trust in place respond our when we

ful Christmas of the family. "Achim and do that which is right. There

life faith, mortal tocording Mormon for fear is no place and among men of the (Coronet, Mormons.""McKay

long of the part small is only a trust in place their who life women the April four pages.) 1954, This acof the spirit. The Crookstons do not Almighty, who do not hesitate to count is illustrated by incidents and

difficultemporary the aboutworry divine in seeking themselves humble tells early life, of President McKay's in this children beset ties that might If I guidance through prayer.... education, his service to community

world. They work to give them the could wish for anyone a priceless gift, and Church, his joy in life, and the

security of a happy childhood, and it would not be wealth, profound wisvitality and other qualities which have great will security this be thathope of the or honors men. I would dom of his so beloved made him own

in adult to cushion themenough life. rather to pass inner on the key friends Church and so many made

'eternal of the principle strength security father MormonThe and which my world. the around

liesfamily''Receive behind all the Crookstons gave he advised, to me when ""It's an Old Mormon Custom"is do."prayer.'think and aid through

title of the a essay by photographic he asked why boy when Navajo A world, the "To O. David McKay Cal Bernstein (Harvester World, pubman's medicine in the steppingwas is spiritual a dignified leader; but lication of International the Harvester father "I replied, dotracks what my is scenes the laughter- a behind he Co., eight 1954, NovemberDecember I the in walk me. before donehas loving individual, of a action and man thirty pictures). the pages and By is great, who offootsteps one who of nation's business the top execuone large of excellent pictures number and life in the that good,does my much is tives as well"part of biographthe rewell-chosen words an excellent of one be of may manhoodday my ical L. in sketch Snarr by Glen gives porting history a short job and strength."So and braverygreatness,

tells Elder Benson in "Walking in clear insight into many of the activiOur Footsteps."(Scouting, published ties which characterize the Latteris made ofby Boy Scouts of America, November day Saint way of life. Use

1954, three pages.) Then outlining such phrases as:

the philosophy of scouting through "If you're a Mormon, you pray hard the Scout oath and the development of and you work hard. You farm or you

citizenship and leadership he closes mine or you conduct your business with an appeal to service: with almost the same zeal as you

"To awaken the youth of this land, worship. To work hard, pray hard,

and to rekindle in the hearts of its Latterday Saints have their anleaders the high ideals of Scouting is cestors'zeal and zest.... It's an old

to render the greatest of all good servMormon custom... to honor the

ices to our country. To guide aright pioneers... to volunteer service on

these millions of eager, yearning, acthe church farm... to feed the needy

tive youth, and the many more who... to keep a twoyear food supply

might be added, is the mightiest of... to take care of the aged... to be

obligations; to win their confidence, selfsufficient... to raise large famone of the greatest responsibilities of ilies... to trace family histories...

life. to keep out of debt... to spend one

"Can we, as men, refuse such a night a week at home with the family challenge? Are we so busy and self-... being neighborly... to rely on

centered that we cannot take time out modern equipment to bring in their to help build a bridge for that boy? crops.

Scouting offers us that challenge. It "Mormonism is more than a reis a tremendous test of leadership, ligion. It is an entire society, a

devotion, and courage. Is that nobility homogenous culture in itself."

within us going to rise up in majesty—A Monkmeyer Photo "What Is a Mormon?"is the first

and answer the call? I have faith in "There are organizations within the of 27 questions asked of Elder Richard

L. Evans (Look, October 5, 1954, 5the manhood of America. We will andChurchfor thatculturalprovideandforrecreationalstudy, for service,activinot let our boys down!"ties...."(Concluded on page 476)

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.Insi the GROOM

by Christie Lund Coles

The arm was worn from Kent's leg being thrown across it so many times when he sat and studied or ate an apple, or just stared out of the window.

looked down the street. She would say, "Hi,"casually, and saunstantly. When he began to recoverJulia

saw the florist's truck stop at her ter to the front hedge as though he he told her, "I thought you were an friend, Ada's home. With a terwere doing her a favor, though his angel."

rible, sinking sensation she saw the mother could see the tiny freckles She had touched his dark hair, undriver take the flowers in—corsages, stand out against his sudden paleable to speak. After a moment he

delicately covered with green tissue; ness. Often, he would call to the lifted his hand and ran it weakly

bouquets with ribbons, baskets. house, "Want anything at the store, across the side of his head, and she

The day was here—the wedding Mom?"knew he was going to be all right.

day! Somehow, she had kept hoping She would manufacture a need in But his hand was so small.

something might postpone it. Kent her head, say, "Why, yes, there is."She remembered one day when

seemed so very young, too young to He would come in, seize the money, she had been out of patience with take on the responsibilities. He was and just as he was ready to dash out him. He was little more than a

still just a boy, her boy. again, he would glance in the hall baby but she said, foolishly, "No, no,

They were going to the temple, mirror and with the flat of his hand Mama won't like."

and she loved Rosemary who would smooth down the hair just above his Looking at her with his soft eyes, be the most beautiful bride imagileft ear. Seeing her watching him, he said incredulously, "But I like

nable, but she couldn't help feeling he would flush, then grin, as she you"that they weren't quite ready. smiled with love and understanding. It seemed such a brief time now

She sank into the deep maroon And she did love him very much. since Rosemary moved into the neighchair where the arm was worn from People said to Rosemary's mother, borhood, since he took her to school

Kent's leg being thrown across it so "You'll be getting a son,"and she the first day, holding her hand in many times... when he sat and knew he would be a good son to her innocence and gentleness. The days

studied or ate an apple or just stared friend, Ada. But what could Ada when they swung together, skated.

out of the window, often waiting for know of the years that they had His tenth birthday when he didn't

Rosemary to come from her dancing shared? No more than she could want a party but only wanted her to

or piano lesson. share Rosemary's and her mother's come to dinner! Julia had seen him

If he saw her turning the corner, intimate years! slicked and shined, and smiled, not

he was up, dashing out of the back There was the time Kent had dreaming that in eleven more years door, pretending he had been outside pneumonia, and he wanted her hand he would be marrying her. He had

all the while. When she neared, he in his small, hot one almost con- {Continued on page 459)

JUNE 1955 391 who really knows how smart it is to helping the girls of her stake and be a Latterday Saint! The dress she their mothers to design, cut, and sew

designed was gorgeous and smart. their own dresses. I have seen some

She did not let down all the Latterof these clothes, and they truly are day Saint girls in her community and smart and beautiful. They could

in the Church. well have a place in any of the top

As I have talked with girls over fashion magazines. In another stake,

businesswoman young an enterprising the subject the about of dress, Church Its Smart remodeling business set up a are they I have found not quite sure has what stand to take. Some of their readymade dresses, making them fit

mothers have told them, "You are our standards. to be a

only young once; your lovely body is The movies, television, and magabeautiful. It is now or never if you zines make our precious girls very

Latterday Saint want to wear one of 'those'dresses."clothesconscious. I wish they would

For such mothers and daughters who try a formula that worked for me.

are not "quite sure,"I would remind I decided to make a scrapbook of that the Prophet Brigham sport, clothes, pictures of modest by LaRue Longden them

I said, "If Young were a lady and I evening. street, afternoon, and

COUNSELOR, YWMIA PRESIDENCY had a piece of cloth to make me a found pictures from all of the top dress, I would cut it so as to cover fashion magazines, and believe it or my person handsomely and neatly like to see something in a and whether it was cut according to

I'dformal dress for my daughter."the fashion, or not, custom would

A beaming, very proud mother soon make it beautiful."Further, he

smiled at the equally beaming salessaid, "The Lord never said to us, woman, who was anxious to make a 'Don't make a silk or satin ribbon, or sale. Dress after dress was brought fine broadcloth,'but he has said to

and displayed. It was plain to see us, 'Make the articles of clothing that

there just wasn't anything that apyou wear.'If we don't, we shall

pealed to either mother or daughter. find by and by that we shall not be

By now the clerk wasn't quite as able to get them."(Discourses of

beaming and with a trifle of an edge Brigham Young, 1925, p. 333.) That

in her voice inquired, "Just what did time is almost here, isn't it, when we you have in mind?"The adorable are unable to buy what we can wear!

young girl quickly answered, "Well, One time we were being shown a you see, I am to be queen at one of the young girl's wardrobe which she was fraternity dances. I'd like something taking away to school, "These are

very lovely, but a little more modest my school formals. I am taking this

than these."Bless her! I didn't one to wear to the Gold and Green

know her, but I really felt like I must Ball and other Church dances."Oh,

rush up and squeeze her and say to me! When are we going to get smart

her, "Whoever you are, wherever you and simply be ourselves, whether in come from, you are wonderful! Alschool, in Church, or wherever? We

ways stay as sweet as you are!"send our daughters to school to learn

The edge went out of the clerk's the 3 r's. They major in home ecovoice, and a knowing sparkle seemed nomics, in the arts, in the sciences;

to come into her eyes. "I think I we teach them to be personally

fastidious to a fault. Somehow Latterday we Saint girl typifying young A what there you mean."know Then

'It's to Saint."Be a Latterday Smart the have "missed it comes boat"when conference, a theywas and were

shown several dresses that could be to putting over the lesson of real fixed in a way to make them modest modesty, the sacredness of our bodies.

and much more beautiful. When In the matter of health habits we not, there were as many modest

they left to go and look elsewhere, set the world a real example. We dresses as there were "uncovered

the clerk said something that made have an opportunity to do real mislook"ones.

sionary just like looking by work Lat- "If think, stop there and wereme letter a lovely a from I had young

Saints, terday stylbecause we are girls this like her, amore be would bride in California asked who why clothed. ishly, yet modestlybetter lot there world."are a And, didn't ideas publish somewhere we

more girls like this one. I knew one There are so many ways to lick for women on how to make or rewho was to be made queen of a civic the problem of dress. Of course, we model clothes so they would fit our

festival, and when they showed her want our girls and our women to standards. I would like to suggest

the dress she was to wear, she said look beautiful, as the prophet of the that each of us use our own ingenuity "May I design my own dress? I am Lord has suggested they should, but and fix our clothes to fit our own

sure my Church wouldn't go along we need to understand true beauty. personality. We who have been to

with this one. I've never worn one In one stake a very wonderful the temple and have received our

like that."Sweet courage of a girl woman spends every Monday evening (Continued on page 454)

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA yond. There are really none of these

things which don't seem like a luxury to me tonight, as I remember how hard you have worked to provide them and to see that none of us ever went without a single thing we

Dearest Dad, needed.

The next thing that comes to my mind is that I have a sound, whole, and clean body, and an intellect which enables me to associate with my fellow men and not only learn by Eileen Gibbons but also contribute, to understand partially the gospel, to enjoy reading m s you might guess, I've been thinklife if he had to, to make sure I was and studying, and to have the judg- /l ing the past few days about strong in the gospel, who has not ment to know there is much to learn * fathers. I have come to the conspared time nor means to train me in and want to learn it. I have thanked

clusion, and to me it is a startling the ways of the Lord, and whose the Lord so many times, especially one, that all the things for which I counsel I can always heed without since leaving home almost two months thank my Heavenly Father are things fear of going wrong. My spiritual ago, for my sound mind and body,

which I would not have were it not convictions have been a buoy to keep and I should have thanked you, too!

for my earthly father. me above the whacks of old Satan, It would be hard to overestimate your

All these blessings, both the ones and I know I would not have them if contribution toward this blessing, which are material and the ones I had not been born of parents with which is the foundation for a full and which are not, seem to fall nicely unthe same testimony. useful life.

der the comforting arms of security. Then, too, there are my brothers I am sure, Daddy, that there are a

These arms have soothed and cheered and sisters and my dear mother. I multitude of other blessings for which

me in periods of homesickness and have thanked God many times for I should express my gratitude. But

depression, and have lifted me above them, and for you. But I realize now as I have said, you have shared with

like tothings that would get me that sense if you the good had not had in giving Father me the my Heavenly sincerely, I honestly,down. And beliefs a with to marry woman necessifamily, faith, of life, in security

and humbly thank you, Dad, for harmony with yours, and if you had ties of life, and a good body and mind.

it for possible Heavenlymaking my in trained children not your other for It is impossible me to imagine how has. bless to heFather me as I as principles the have been same blessed. I be more could

I of blessall, think taught, First of I wouldn't thanking be when God ings, I think of life. I think of the for them. I don't think there's anyPlease have a happy Father's Day,

palm trees at school, of lying out one in the whole wide world with a and remember that we love you and on the green grass a few days ago and family to compare to mine, and how appreciate all you do. Please try and

watching three gulls swooping in the can I thank my Heavenly Father, forget all of the disobedient, unkind blue sky, of flowers and stars and without thanking the man he used to things I have ever said or done and sunlight through my window. I give them to me, and whom he blame them onto a sliver which I had

think of all the wonderful world trusted to make them so worth loving? under my toenail at the time or on

has wrapped God andaround how me blessings, these Besides tremendous 25. of passing the panic Whichever

little prettiest it into the of bestthe life, of necessities the perhaps it like, matter, so just doesn't the you you called in the world andpackage clothing important. it food, the seem less forget at times can that if you I was Valley.Cache it of daily these is the But enjoyment pretty sour.

Of course, I think of the blessings "takeit-forgranteds"that makes it of the gospel, that I can pray night possible for us to put our minds on Although this doesn't sound like and morning with assurance I am higher things. If we didn't have the Emerson, or even Edgar A. Guest, I

heard, that I can work in the Church food we need and these other material know you would catch its sincerity if and know that it will be time well gifts, our thoughts would be on getyou saw the messedup bed, unread spent. All the blessings of the Church ting them instead of on exploring novel, unshined shoes, and uncurled

I have hastened to thank my Father in truth and developing talents. Not hair which must wait until it is in

heaven for, and forgotten that I have only have I enjoyed the necessities of the mail.

another father who would give his life but also an abundance far beHappy Father's Day again, and

God bless his partner.

Love,

JUNE 1955 393 ordered a sandwich and a glass of milk. He paid the cashier the exact

change for his food, and carefullyHort Much Security counting out what remained, he asked the waitress, "How much does a glass of chipped ice cost?"Assured that it

wouldn't cost a penny, he took a glass for }jour Child? and occupied himself with that for

by Annie Laurie Von Tungeln a while.

After the rest stop, a college girl had sat down with him on the bus.

little boy was greatly troubled infants or they could not survive. Apparently wishing companionship

by the haunting fear of a tiger. Indeed, adult love, to a child, means now, he decided to start a conversa-A He was so terrified that he freprotection and care. tion. "And so,"he began with polite

quently had difficulty going to sleep; In order to help a child attain a interest, spelling out the title of the

and when he did tumble off, he feeling of security, we should, in the large book the girl was carrying, dreamed night after night that the second place, teach him to be re- "that's commercial law, is it?"

tiger was chasing him. sourceful. He needs to learn to plan, Delighted with his friendly overFinally, the family physician was to figure out ingenious ways of doing ture, the girl fairly beamed on her

called in. He took the little fellow things, to know that if he can't do young seat mate and entered into a

on his lap and said, "I hear that a a thing one way, he can probably spirited conversation that gave him tiger has been bothering you, but do it another. He should realize that ample opportunity to tell her about

he's a good old tiger, a friendly tiger, a toy he rigs up for himself is more his fishing and other interests.

Next time he comes to see you, just fun sometimes than an expensive one. Thanking the driver for letting

reach out your hand, pat him on the A little fellow about seven or eight him off between towns, he remarked, old a 'Hello, say, crosscountry head, boarded old tiger, I'm years and bus "I'll of side the road just wait by the "of you.'one hot day. carried a fishnot afraid July He I so that bus pulls can on till your

That night the doctor watched at ing pole, a book, and a small bag. see in both directions before I cross

the bedside of the child, who finally When his father bade him goodbye, the highway."

fell into a troubled sleep. After a he called back confidently, "I'll bring There was a resourceful chap!

while, a hesitant little hand reached you some fish."When he tired of one way of enterout from the bed covers. At first, it He gave the driver specific instructaining himself, he thought up antrembled; then it began patting; and tions as to the exact turn in the road other; he knew how to manage his

at length, completely reassured, a where he wished to get off, explainsmall finances well; he was selfcon-

firm voice said, "Hello, old tiger, I'm ing that he was to meet his grandfident and careful at the same time.

not afraid of you."Soon the child father there to go fishing. Seated Parents and teachers can help give

fell into quiet, peaceful sleep, and by himself, he settled down to his a child a sense of security by laying he was never again disturbed by the book, from which he scarcely looked down a few basic rules for conduct.

tiger. up until a rest stop was made. There Both father and mother should folKind and thoughtful as the physihe got off, went into a cafe, and (Concluded on page 450)

cian was, he didn't actually give emotional security—the final achievement

was the child's own—but he was the

guiding force toward it. Security is

something that one human being cannot give to another, no matter how dearly he loves him and sincerely he seeks his welfare. Not even a parent

who would sacrifice his life for his child can assure him economic, and much less, emotional security. There

is, however, much that parents and teachers, like the wise physician, can do to help a child attain it.

In the case of a small child, love is the prime factor in establishing a feeling of security. It is not enough

to love a and teachers child—parents

must show their love in tangible form.

True love does not rule out sensible discipline and wise punishment, but a child should always be made to feel that only his naughty actions, not he himself, are being rejected.

Lambert Photo—A adults or other parents Of course,

of In order to help a child attain a feeling confidence have security, we should teach him to for protect, control, care must and himself. in

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA General Conference Section Addresses delivered at the 125th Annual General Conference,

April 3, 4, and 6, 1955.

The

First

Presidency

Stephen L Richards "''"'J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

President David O. McKay

RIGHTEOUSNESS

Key to World Peace * by President David O. McKay

PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS

of disis of seeds this responsibility of sincere obtained not by sowing in Congress, statesmen and other moMYsensebeloved brethren and sisters: The the United States, the Secretary of State, which world peace may be permanently minds; anticiin people's In overwhelming. suspicion including our ment is worthy Senators and and trust own

pation of it I have prayed earnestly, Representatives to foster the cause of not by engendering enmity and hatred daily, for inspiration and strength, and peace and to avert a worldwide clash in human hearts; not by individuals or

now I ask you for your sympathetic coof arms. But it is very apparent that nations arrogating to themselves the

operation and your prayers that the ininternational conditions at present cenclaim of possessing all wisdom, or the terests of the Church, the establishing tering at Quemoy and Matsu Islands are only culture worth having; not by war

of the kingdom of God among men, filled with such volatile problems that with resulting suffering and death from may be enhanced. a defiant move on the part of Chinese submarines, poison gas, or explosions of

"And lift up an ensign of peace, and communists might disrupt the already nuclear bombs. No! The peace that

make a proclamation for peace unto the precarious peace of the world. will be permanent must be founded

as of of righteousness principles (D. the earth."105:39.)ends & C. upon the peace, but not at any peace We love

is of the Prince quotation a exemplified This from by and taught revelation price. destructive is a peace more There

given to the Prophet Joseph Smith when of the manhood of living man than war Peace, our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ,

Zion's Camp was at Fishing River, June is destructive of the body. "Chains are "... for there is none other name under

22, 1834. In that one sentence, the Lord worse than bayonets."'heaven given among men, whereby we

greatsets forth of the purposes of (Acts 4:12.) one saved."be must Savior's resurrection After the when

is: in are bringhis this about harmony morning theme What My Church—to his disciples in to assembled appeared he

relations; as in individual to the as members and a doing Churchhuman we greeting his divine was room, upper an

state spiritual or this inexperience to a peace? mental proclaim thereof 20:19.) unto you.""Peace be (John

it is there personal from freedom as Recently, know,which you was my said: resurrection, his before he Even

or conditions perturbing""disquieting duty, privilege by accompanied and I I you, peace leave with "Peace my interfere the withthat Sister Franklin consummaPresident might and McKay J. giveth, as the give you: not world unto

secretary, to bring to about purposes astion acted of God's Murdock, who you. not Let be your heart the give I unto

life of eternal faroff missionsimmortality man. visit of the and the some of it (Ibid., let troubled, neither be afraid."

conditions, I think world Considering Church. 14:27.)

to note gratifying it is highly conservative efforts, the wise,mendable the comWe believe firmly that the basis upon ingWiththe gospelthe themeof peacein mindto theofinhabitantsproclaimjudgment manifest by the President of *Address delivered Sunday morning, April 3, 1955. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 395 President David 0. McKay Continued trustbeings?thatInhasreplybeenthegivenLord tohashumansaid:

"... the sin be upon the heads of the

of the world, I should like to comment inspect the work that is being done by parents."(D. & C. 68:25.)

on observations made of four effective the students. The happiest homes in the world

factors operative in the spreading of the At Pesega, Samoa, under the presishould be found among members of the gospel. dency of President Howard B. Stone, the Church. Statistics on broken homes,

First, we note the excellent work beschool already established accommodates with resultant divorces, should alert all ing done by the 11,500 missionaries from six hundred to one thousand stucitizens, and particularly members of throughout the world, 390 of whom it dents. Another is planned at Maupathe Church to greater activity in prewas our privilege to meet on this recent saga, American Samoa. Thus will the serving harmony in home circles. Let

tour. Each one of these pays his or branches be strengthened in far distant us begin at once as parents to maintain

her own expenses, conforms to the relands with visits of the Twelve, whose the kind of influence or home atmosquirements and laws of the country, and duty it is to set in order the affairs of phere that will contribute to the normal teaches the principles that constitute the Church in all the world, with edumoral development of the children and the basis of the restored religion of Jesus cational advantages to prepare students eliminate from the home those elements

Christ. All are appointed messengers for the preaching of the gospel, and which cause discord and strife.

proclaiming the glad tidings of the refinally, with a temple within easy reach Fathers and mothers sometimes by unstored gospel, giving of themselves, as of those whose influence in the mission wise conduct unwittingly influence their well as of their means for the good of field will become a strength to the children toward delinquency. Among

the world. branches, and a means of proclaiming these unwise acts, I mention first, dis-

A second favorable factor is a better peace. agreeing, or quarreling on the part of

understanding by officials of governThe fourth observation I wish to make parents in the presence of children.

ments and municipalities regarding the is the influence of the power of example. Sometimes such quarrels arise out of an

purposes of Mormon missionary work. One of the most impressive features of attempt to correct or to discipline a

Old stories thatused to be extant accusour recent South Pacific tour was the child. One parent criticizes, the other

ing missionaries of sinister motives are participation of youth in meetings, in the objects, and the good influence of the now repeated only by the prejudiced and welcomes extended, and in the farehome, so far as the child is concerned, uninformed. United States consuls, or wells, and the orderly conduct of the is nullified. A child of such parents can

their representatives, mayors of municichildren, without an exception. The never say truthfully in after life what

palities, and other officials, met us, bade school at Liahona in Tonga radiated not John Ruskin writes of his memory of us welcome, and proffered to render any only culture and refinement, but also home:

service to make our visit profitable. the true spirit of the gospel. The same "I never heard my father's or mother's

Newspaper reporters, radio announcers, features existed in Tahiti under Acting voice once raised in any question with television representatives were on hand President Larson H. Caldwell; New Zeaeach other; nor saw an angry or even

to learn the purposes of the tour, and land, presided over by President Sidney slightly hurt or offended glance in the

President under I never saw a moAustralia, either eyes of... Ottley; fair and unpreju- J. gave exceptionwithout

in in Samoa, any housedisorder or Liljenquist; trouble as I ment's V. Charles visit. of ourdiced reports

President under stated, matter."already hold is have this observation third (and The under Hawaii, condition in unwise as Stone; B. a second I name Howard is every forth to put the needimportant) the in and the pollute Haycock; home Arthur parents those D. who President practicabilityeffort reason and within Clis- L. "pro- "vulgarity"and Edward President with under stake, atmosphere

of reach withinto Church place mempresent, (and in "vulgarity"were I the term Strangers use fanity."who sold.

missions edudistant every these inbers a had hundreds), Starr Jordan. the there by David sense used were by the they privilege that spiritual thecational and Church the of "is that to what writes, demonstration do he vulgar,"be good "To

offer. to hasChurch dito interest is and to It to its kind. properly of is best the is doing not which

It is only recently that some of these rect the youth. do poor things in poor ways, and to be

missions have been visited by a General Herein lies the responsibility of memsatisfied with that.... It is vulgar to

Authority. With modern means of bership. The gospel of peace should wear dirty linen when one is not entransportation available, it is now possifind its most fruitful effects in the homes gaged in dirty work. It is vulgar to like

ble and very practical to have these farof Church members. Flowers in our poor music.... To find amusement in

off missions visited as the missions here gardens require good soil and a favortrashy novels, to enjoy vulgar theatres, in the United States have been visited. able climate. So children, to be healthy to find pleasure in cheap jokes, to tolAccordingly, and this you will be and happy, should have a favorable erate coarseness and looseness in any of

pleased to hear, at a meeting of the First mental and emotional atmosphere in its myriad forms."

Presidency and Council of the Twelve the home. Parents are particularly untrue to

held March 17, 1955, it was unanimously Soon after our return from the South their trust who will use profane words decided that these distant missions Pacific, I received a letter from Presiin the home. Profanity is a national

should be included with other missions dent Ward C. Holbrook, a state official, vice. Parents pollute their home when

in the annual appointments of memstating that the divorce rate in Utah is they use it. People of our nation would

bers of the Council of the Twelve. such as to give cause for most serious stand on a higher moral plane if they

Besides these visits, educational insticonsideration. It is inconsistent to go would but follow the general order

tutions are being made available for abroad to proclaim peace if we have given by the Father of our country to the young people. In Nukualofa, for not peace in our own lives and homes. his soldiers, July 1, 1776. Said he—or

Islands, trust that can under in come greatestexample, at that the Tongan time: to wrote he The

in placing of is is the presidency ablethe D'Monte General and woman "The W. a sorry to be informed man

Coombs, Professor Ermel J. Morton, their keeping the life of a little child. that the foolish and wicked practice of

principal, and an able staff, there is If a man defaults who is entrusted with profane cursing and swearing, a vice now established in full working order other people's funds, whether he be a heretofore little known in an American the Liahona College, accommodating bank, municipal, or state official, he is army, is growing into fashion. He hopes

three hundred students, and employing apprehended and probably sent to prison. the officers will, by example as well as

fourteen teachers. It is a credit to the If a person entrusted with a government influence, endeavor to check it, and that

Church and to the Tongan Islands. Insecret discloses that secret, and betrays both they and the men will reflect that

deed, it is one of the show places of his country, he is called a traitor. What we can have little hope of the blessing

passengers of the steamship Tofua, and must the Lord think, then, of parents of heaven on our arms if we insult it her sister ship, the Matua. While the who, through their own negligence or by our impiety and folly. Added to this,

ships are loading and unloading cargo wilful desire to indulge their selfishness, it is a vice so mean and low, without at Nukualofa, the passengers take buses fail properly to rear their children, and any temptation, that every man of sense out to Liahona to visit the school and thereby prove untrue to the greatest and character detests and despises it."

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I continue, vulgarity and profanity rather than callously to leave him to the youth. Continual absence from Church

among the young is often, though not brutal and unsympathetic discipline makes continual absence easy. Other

always, the result of the presence of that society will impose if the home interests in life make the growing youth those evils in the home. has not already fulfilled this obligaindifferent to religion. Success makes

To quarreling of parents before chiltion."him think that religion is not essential

dren, to vulgarity, and to the condemnaThe best time to teach the child to his happiness. "It is a law of life

tory use of profanity, there may be added obedience is between the ages of two to that use gives strength; a capacity un-

a third contributing factor to parental four. It is then that the child should used weakens and dies. It is as true of

delinquency, and that is the noncon- learn that there are limits to his actions, religious instincts as of any other. One

formity in the homes to Church standthat there are certain bounds beyond need not be a sinner to lose God; he

ards. Remember, fellow parents, that which he cannot pass with impunity. need only forget Him."

children are quick to detect insincerity, This conformity to home conditions can With respect to the responsibility of and they resent in their feelings false be easily obtained with kindness, but parents teaching religion to their chilpretension. Parents, of all people on with firmness. "Train up a child the dren, the Lord is very explicit in the

earth, should be honest with their chilway he should go: and when he is old, Doctrine and Covenants, Section 68,

dren. Keep your promises to them and he will not depart from it."(Proverbs 25th to 28th verse:

speak the truth always. Children are 22:6.) In this old adage the word train "And again, inasmuch as parents have

more influenced by sermons you act has great significance. children in Zion, or in any of her stakes

than by sermons you preach. It is the Fifth, there are parents who say: We which are organized, that teach them not

consistent parent who gains the trust will let our children grow to manhood to understand the. doctrine of repentance,

of his child. When children feel that and womanhood and choose for themfaith in Christ the Son of the living

you reciprocate their trust, they will not selves. In taking this attitude parents God, and of baptism and the gift of the

violate your confidence nor bring disfail in the discharging of a parental Holy Ghost by the laying on of the honor to your name. responsibility. Parents and teachers are hands, when eight years old, the sin

"The parent must live truth, or the God's fellow workers. The Father of all be upon the heads of the parents.

child will not live it. The child will mankind expects parents, as his repre- "For this shall be a law unto the instartle you with its quickness in punctursentatives, to assist him in shaping and habitants of Zion, or in any of her

ing the bubble of your pretended knowlguiding human lives and immortal souls. stakes which are organized.

edge; in instinctively piercing the heart That is the highest assignment which "And their children shall be baptized

of a sophistry without being conscious the Lord can bestow upon man. for the remission of their sins when eight

of process; in relentlessly enumerating The most effective way to teach reyears old, and receive the laying on of

your unfulfilled promises; in detecting ligion in the home is not by preaching the hands.

with a justice of a court of equity a but by living. If you would teach faith "And they shall also teach their chiltechnicality of speech that is virtually a in God, show faith in him yourself; if dren to pray, and to walk uprightly belie. He will justify his own lapses from you would teach prayer, pray yourself. fore the Lord."

truth by appeal to some white lie told Would you have them temperate? Then Brethren and sisters, let us strive to

to a visitor and unknown to be overyou. yourself refrain from intemperance. have fewer broken homes, and in our

heard by the little ones, whose mental If you would have your child live a life homes to have harmony and peace.

powers we ever underestimate in theory of virtue, of selfcontrol, of good report, From such homes will go men and though we may overpraise in words. then set hirna worthy example in all women motivated with a desire to build,

"If truth be the rockfoundation of these t4rrfl??!*ehild brought up unnot to destroy.

will der be such homtBayironment in in our Thus homes, wards, our as a fact, not a as character, child'sthe estions, fortified for and th branches, stakes, and join the we as is may child of that future thetheory, s soul that Iwl yearnings when appointed in messengers organized misfor is it possible human as assuredfully period awakening real the sions, consistently and reproclaim the George guarantee."to (Wm.prevision

t of years at comes stored gospel of peace of the unto ends Truth.) of Power TheJordan,

age. earth. the parents who observation: fourth The t is It tive then teachchildren. their to obediencefail teach to regarding ing th his and "Follow reverent with steps great the been have there decade last theWithin ctivity wit relations in the example the about theories wild somerampant uard during Church Of him holy whose 'doing work was the children, and ofselfdetermination

good'; individuality. Some of theirpreservation

shall So earth the wide our Father's seem children that believe theorists theseof temple, their own to solve permitted beshould loving Each of life a gratitude. psalm parents. from guidance withoutproblems

there this, but in is virtue someThere all shall fall: shackles "Then the stormy gained has theory error. This more clangor reof because practice inmomentumis

o'er Of wild war music the earth shall parby government arbitrary toaction cease; ents. Love shall tread out the baleful fire of

Commenting upon this, one educator anger, rightly says: "Thousands of conventions And in its ashes plant the tree of peace."

are laid down by society today, conveninstitutionalizedtions which are often (Whittier) he likes it Whetherand crystallized.

individual conform must every not,or that I hope in the of hearts those who is either to be if he conventions theseto listening are there will have been awakIf not conhe doesefficient or happy. realization a ened that in example the

of all sorts pressure brings societyform, is entirely essential to home the prochim. bearto upon He may be jailed of lamation peace abroad. strangers The

of nonconformity. For certain kindsfor to visit us will see who come that our

other less serious kinds he may become lives comport with the proclamation of soured, disappointed, and even neurotic. peace, with the ensign of peace that the

does obedinot develop "If the home holds before Church the up world. O

society will get it.ence, it and demand us, Father, help that be thus we may

It is therefore better for the home with blessed by the guidance of thy Holy its kindness, sympathy, and understandSpirit, we pray in the name of Jesus ing to train the child in obedience Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1955 397 quality of friendship as the Savior portrays, I would have little hesitancy in the acceptance of his definition, but I Christianity heard nothing in his sermon to indicate that was his concept.

Now, my brethren and sisters, it may * well seem to you that I have overplayed this matter of definitions, but the other

I aspect of subject the which have menDefinitions tioned sure too strongly cannot be I am emphasized. Is there available to maninterpretation kind today of an Chrisby President Stephen L Richards tianity definition of a and the Christian

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY whichlied upon?may beAs safelya Christianacceptedbelieverand re-I

am assured that there is, and that all men may know, if they will to acquire "y dear brethren and sisters, I rejoice regarded as somewhat technical, and I the knowledge, who is a Christian acwith you in this great conference do not press it. ceptable to the author of Christianity,

of the Church. I have been comThe more important difference in the the Lord Jesus Christ.Ming to conferences for a half century. two definitions I have quoted is the I hope you will bear in mind that I

I think I have seldom missed a session. distinction between friends and believdo not bring these matters forward

I cannot remember of ever having aters. with any assumption on my part that I

tended a more enlightening and inspir- I may be unduly apprehensive, but have the right to judge of the Christian ing session than that of this morning. I think I discern in this gracious use of status of my fellow men. No one, under

I feel certain tbat all who were present the word friends a tendency which is the declaration of the Savior, has the here or who heard the proceedings must supported by many of the circumstances right of judgment of his fellows unless have been deeply impressed. which come to our attention to forsake he be specifically commissioned so to do.

Naturally, I have an earnest and a and depart from the concept that no Scarcely anyone fully conscious of the prayerful desire to make some little conone may be classified as Christian exresponsibility of exercising such judgtribution to these proceedings, and I cept he "believe"in Jesus Christ and ment would ever seek it, for the Lord earnestly solicit your cooperation and the principles for which he stands. All has said: "For with what judgment ye

sympathy and your prayers in an unof us have friends with whom we are judge, ye shall be judged...."(Matt.

dertaking to that end. I am taking the cordial, to whose principles of conduct 7:2.)

liberty of addressing my remarks in and life we do not subscribe. A friend My purpose in pointing out some of

large measure to our friends who pay of the historical character, Jesus, may the attributes of a Christian is to enus the courtesy and the honor to give have esteem and admiration for his life, able each man to determine for himself some attention to these proceedings. his teachings, and accomplishments, but the state of his worthiness of this honas a not believer be Christian he may designation. orable are Easter the approximating We definition old the designates to one be I this so well as apprised believe time, count that were can himno we man

of in counted the Christianity. body

is self of beautiful in concerned Christian not the sermonsmorning who

I bring to cannot myself think that rethis religion, does Brother not Brown. have AtBrother about Lee and who

Savior the satisfied himself be would focus, in a for his divine, for things the world gard whole andtime own may this definition, with well however new its least, Irrespecattention thereto. at relation in upon standingmeasure

it intended been. have Lord may The I in his for think, his even cannot antecedents tive Christianity, of and what

the used impressively term friends most it that philosophies, are, affiliations of adverse have been countries and may

I fear, quite, in in sense the same—not to the is will difficult given to be not attention understand he most how

it is definition. in the used which You call of Christianity, and of designation justified that in theprogress be can we

all the great remember pronouncement I if if discuss lost to or someI never has had may, propose, Christian he disciples: his to

great religion. vital interest of that inphases theme—Christianlove "Greater this, hath no than manity. I sorry to there say very be am may a that lay life his for man his down

Recently I heard a minister in an friends. large numbers in such a category. Many

eloquent address over the radio define "Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsodo not resent their classification as

Christianity as "the Society of the ever I command you. Christians. Many welcome, and some

Friends of Jesus."The dictionary de- "Henceforth I call you not servants; seek, the reputation for practising Chrisfines Christianity as "the body of Chrisfor the servant knoweth not what his tian virtues. I know of few, if any,

tian believers."Is there a significant lord doeth; but I have called you friends; men who are not pleased to be called

definithesedistinction between two "a Christian gentleman,"there although I for all things that of have heard my of concept adequatetions? has Is an evident, in never been many cases, I ChrisFather have unto made you."known

tianity available to us and to the world, (John 15:1316.) any interest or activity in the Christian

I it religion. thought have important?and is of essence friendship the here The

to this subject pertaining mattersthat significant are articles There two in forth lies in belief of acceptance and our consideration worth bemight recent of issue a a popular magazine. divinity for a theset It is of the Master. inshort time. conceivable that he should extend the One article is entitled, "What Are We

"The Society of the Friends of Jesus"friendship he so beautifully described Worried About?"and the caption of the

is a nicesounding phrase. I had never to any others than those who were beother article is, "64,000,000 Americans

heard it before. The use of the word lievers. We know of his compassion, his Do Not Go to Church. What Do They

society may be somewhat difficult of mercy, and concern for all our Father's Believe?"

justification because society usually conchildren, but it should never be forgotten I mention concern about religion as templates something more of an intethat he set forth in unequivocal lanan essential element in the Christian grated unit of people with companionguage the eligibility of those admitted faith. According to the first article,

ship and association, generally of a to the circle of his friendship. about five thousand persons in many

purpose. characterfriendly and common life of walks different localities and were if are friends, "Ye ye do whatsomy diversity is of inso muchThere interviewed the question, on I "What ever (Ibid., you."15:14.) command

effort, in purposeterpretation and of kinds things do worry about you I feel could that speaker the to as questionable to makeChristendom is most?"report that The over- "An I listened in whomIf had such mind society. the of application wordthe a whelming majority solely answered in

However, that consideration might be *Address delivered Sunday afternoon, April 3, 1955. terms of personal or family problems

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (health, finances, employment, chilIt is further pointed out in this arti- a satisfactory and promising substitute

I think there concept? Christian this for affiliated never great Lincolndren's welfare, that the worried cle were etc.)—43% serious conthat on I doubt is not, and course church, but of expenses, any with himself wages, family finances,about

etc. 30% mentioned personal problems there would be no warrant for any statesideration there will be many in the

such as marriage difficulties, children's ment that he was not a believing, Chrisfree world who will contend that there welfare, and so on. 24% were worried tian man. There are many things in is.

of the to support or life utterancesabout someone his and own health—their the confront that problems the Facing of faith family. worriedin the a were that he Only conclusion was man 8% anxieties of stress the the under chiefoccasioned problems, resented worldabout a world have prayer would and who annidevastating and of a threat of the of possibility drafted."thely being Christian by a not that was he charge ask far to it too is going war, hilating

believer. has this which land in article state that the does and not women The men

matter of religion was ruled out, but it It seems to me that in the present come to be the leader in the cause of appears from the report that no one who state of world affairs it is particularly freedom to subject themselves, their answered was worried about religion in important that men should examine the lives, and their feelings to their own any form. It may be that a subsequent state of their inner feelings about this scrutiny to answer to their consciences

article which is promised may give atmatter. It is frequently stated from whether they are truly Christian in betention to that subject. many different sources that the present lief and purpose? All who can so conare in a themselves classify scientiously is conflict in the world overshadowing if anxiety contemplates worry Now to the contribution a to position is make Christhat essentially which between is significant concern, it not deepand espouses, which country our cause I noble is antiChrist. which tian and that interthis great ofthat one no number source no other from I can sure come not am be there that recognize many may fearful or anxiety expressed anyviewed measure. in equal acnot inclined religiously would who If this religious? things aboutconcern

generalization. would this cept Many leave to justifiably interpreted (and bepoll this occasion for I may content am issues as define the prefer to probably its with approve definition not authors wouldperhaps Christian of matter the political concepts the between drawn to gravias further willing interpretation) besuch an I would this comment:

free socalled world of the systems and that our country of statement people of the tation minister's the accept of and statism comideologies the and it I Friends think then of the materialism, is Societytoward the "Christianity issue be the may However munism. us. all interpreted for of serious carries import be if could friends of Jesus,"that I convinced personally defined, am pronounced: Savior as the I for this entire conspeak I think imfree be world of the may cause the

services, listens these togregation who furthered by whatsoif ye do promoted and measurably "Ye are my friends, for myself, I speak that when I knowand Christian 15:14.) of the acceptance enlarged you."(John an ever I command

I fraught matter there that is no say anybetter than concept, concept. That

with more anxiety and deep concern thing else, it seems to me, furnishes the I owe it to myself and to my fellow among all the problems that confront fundamental understanding of man's inmembers in the Church of Jesus Christ us than the religious welfare of ourherent right to freedom. However much of Latterday Saints to make an addiselves, our families, and our fellow illustrations from the past may serve tional statement, particularly for the

men. I firmly believe that this is an to justify the eternal quest and struggle benefit of those not of our number who

essential characteristic of a Christian, for liberty, there is nothing in all history may listen to these proceedings. We

and I earnestly appeal to every man who which so thoroughly supports the strugwould like all to know that additional growing a himself within discovers underof and the Christ, the divinity as knowledge gle does for the evidences religious thinking off shrug to tendency of origin of nature the and constanding Christian of the support the and for consider stop to and participation and himself. to the providentially come cept have lethargy on man his spiritual of effect the that a days, latter and these in world allessential friends, find that his and his family, his we himself, Where may

standing as a Christian. explanation? I think I may answer for fulness of the Lord's gospel, and the auit have administer to power thority and Christian the in believers, all Christian in the article another I mentioned his digthrough is earth a given to the restored theology, where been man to relevance has some which magazine purpose of birth and enlightenment the for majesty nity and servant chosen apply a may which man measurethe be sphere which may any all and of mankind; blessing and I transcending Christian. as a standing his to own raimaginative the for by created him understandenlarged this that further, logically and can anyone see how cannot of of This man. tionalization man is Christianity of of nature true of the ing designation the take on consistently divine is of as matter a origin Christian sincerely and will divinity all the to accepts available unless who he Christian the with invested free a right man, scriptural it; that the to and according to Christ seek know the of humbly exrestraint, without choice, of power recthe Christ. Without of of the the it, adoption record of the knowledge all give to necessarily imposed that cept for us no be there would course, of ord, life, will of as a gospel way restored freeof measure the same fellows his of Gosthe is Lord our Christ Christ. of prospect the enhance immeasurably liberty. and dom aptly so has Clark President pels, as over of forces freedom of the the triumph

If the book. his in sisters him designated and I brethren think, and my all I to an extend their opponents. the record and the constitute this Gospels I heard friends, hope many and my for investigate to invitation earnest building up without can we history, of exposition how better that no morning, themselves. fail record imaginary artificial and of concept Christian an fundamental the

to accept the divinity of the Father and family, the foundation of society, and In conclusion, I leave this parting the Son and still call ourselves Christhe essentials involving and underlying word. I have deep respect, esteem, and

tians? our freedom, has ever been brought belove in my heart for all men and women

from came than world the fore us and 64,000,000 the that asserts article rightly The counted be everywhere who may powand inspiring, comprehensive are that to Church not go do Americans who all for I regard Christian. who have this of President McKay discourse erful that irreligious; many necessarily not I virtues. Christian know the practise all all over that men morning. not Would do but in faith God profound a have love those loves Christ the who that it. heard have this might reworld organized existing any that believe with him, even serve him, and who of expression satisfactory is a ligion is concept Christian of the This man real his of nature and knowledge limited controto I attempt not will. do God's for himself, he but free act to only not gospel. his true I believe although statement, this vert society, free live in a to is designed also to going that all agree will that we of "the Christianity, bless body exand ennobling the under God operating of evidences are worship and Church friends true of believers,"and brothers all are Christian that concept alted men Being and of a Supreme acceptance one's

of in I the our ask the In Jesus, parent. name humbly divine of a family the in that develop foster and to calculated are

acceptance. battle for the freedom of men is there Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1955 399 99 We have looked at these things, and we have said in our hearts, and in our speech, that the old has been "out-"WHAT IS MAN moded."We see the results, and we

believe. But it has been rather an easy

given by instrumentalities God material He Still Stands as God Made Him transition from the outmoding of these yet use them (and we shall for our good for the promulgation of truth though by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. nothow yetin alldo casesI catchtheya shallglimpsebe used,even butof

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY yet they will be so used)—it has been

an easy transition, I say, to affirm that since the physical has become outmoded, brothers and sisters: Those whom and his prayers, that we would go forso is "outmoded"the moral and the

his will, have heard, that listening see, crying out, with here in accordance are as we and I do not they whom said I on, Brother then, passing reach the before RomneyMyI standI see and those who are viewing ward and live through our existence spiritual of the past. In the darkness gratitude prophet. for a that we might you with

have been present today and heard the high destiny which he had planned for that what they need is a listening ear great messages that have been delivered. us. for the prophet they have.

While my own personal feelings are of That we might never be in a position But it is wholly fantastic, as I see it, no consequence, I had really contemfrom the very first, that we might not for us to think that man himself is plated doing little more than bearing know what he wished us to do, he gave "outmoded,"or his moral and spiritual my testimony, but our President has the gospel from the very beginning that past. We still have the five senses, all

seen fit to change somewhat the promen might know his ways, know what we learn and know and experience gram that I understood was to be folthey had to do in order that they might comes through those five senses. Man

lowed, and so I face you with his exfulfil their measure of creation and reach has not been given another sense by pression that I occupy more of your that high destiny he had provided. these great discoveries. Man still thinks

time. I have been greatly impressed It is my faith, and I believe history as he has always thought, more poigwith the President's message and particwill bear me out, that there never has nantly, perhaps, more deeply in certain

ularly that part of it which dealt with been a time in the history of the world, lines than heretofore, but he still thinks, the home and with what I might call in the darkest hours of paganism when he still speaks, he is still guided by the discipline in the home. Discipline is men did not have in their possession so same great passions of love, hate, amnot a rod. It is love, kindness, conmuch of the truth, and more, as they bition, desire to serve the Lord and all

sideration, and understanding. were able to live. Sometimes that truth the rest of it. We have not changed.

We are blessed that there come to us, was besmirched, sometimes it was We are as God made us originally, save we invite them to our homes, spirits dimmed, sometimes it was distorted, as we have somehow in some things from the other world. As they thus but down underneath it all always were subverted our feelings, our passions, our

come at our invitation they impose upon some elemental truths, because men had urges, our ambitions.

us an obligation which, in one sense, a in their minds at least the traditions of What I would like to get to you today true sense, is divine. So entrusted to the gospel preached from the beginning, is my feeling that the spiritual in man,

our care is a spirit created by the Father had in their minds certain fundamental the spirit of man is in no sense whatwho comes here pursuant to the great things which concerned their salvation. ever "outmoded."He stands today as

plan which was devised before the God has made it clear, as I understand he stood when he came from the garden.

foundations of the world were laid. it, that he holds his children responsible God is still God; Jesus is the Christ.

Bound up in that plan is not alone the for the truth which he reveals to them, There is no change in that. There has

past before we came, but the present, and if they are not in a position to live been no change in the great spiritual while we are here, and the future, the all the truth, they are in the position truths that are essential to our progress eternities that are to come, and we shall to live that which he gives. Pushing it, spiritually and to our eventual salvanot escape responsibility if in any way perhaps to the extreme, we know that tion and exaltation. Nothing is changed

we fall short of that mission which we from the beginning, God taught as part there.

assumed when we brought into this of the gospel the mission, the life, the Moreover, we of this Church have world that little, pure, holy spirit to be work, the death of his Only Begotten our testimony and our knowledge that guided and directed by us. Son, who was to atone for the bringing God still speaks to us, that he does not

Generations ago the Psalmist sang: upon us of mortality. permit us to wander in darkness and

"What is man, that thou art mindful You know, I can see underneath the in silence, uninstructed, uninspired, of him? and the son of man, that thou sacrifices that were offered, the human without revelation. No principle of the

visitest him? sacrifices, in the country to the south of gospel is more glorious than that princi-

"For thou hast made him a little lower us among the Lamanites, sacrifices that ple of continuous revelation because we than the angels, and hast crowned him finally led to cannibalism, the eating know that so often as it is necessary our with glory and honour."(Psalms 8:4-5.) of a part of the sacrifice—I see a clear Heavenly Father will again reveal to us

The Psalmist must have had in mind suggestion of the sacrifice distorted alall that it is necessary that we should and was perhaps referring to the great most beyond recognition, which God know, in addition to what we now have.

announcement made in the opening of was to make and made through his Only We are not moving blindly, we are the sacred record, "So God created man Begotten Son for our redemption. not moving by the maxims of the past

in his own image, in the image of God We ought to remember, I feel always, only. We are not moving alone, guided

created he him; male and female crethe truths which God has given to us. only by the revelations given in ancient

ated he them."(Gen. 1:27.) We live in revolutionary and evolutiontimes. We are moving forward under

has to time. vouchsafed Lord ary The in times given revelations and modern declarathat in statements, those In discoveries all of greatest of the us some are a forward knowledge under moving is bound meaning, with pregnant tion,

increased has times; the beyond he it if light, shall further that need we salvation, life of and plan the whole up of imaginative the wildest most dreams us. to given be existour came, before existence we our of of transmission poet, our powers I sisters, brothers leave hereafter. with and existence My our here, and ence increased speech. our powers has He lives, that that testimony created you spiritually. God my He us created God distransportation. of has of speed He are truths the eternal as they today through down through whom, bodies the secrets of great to energy us covered been, that change, tabernacles, have always no God provided has he ages the to create but not know which how we his expects to keep us commandments. spirits had he which those for temples control. to yet how is this I give that the offsprings testimony here, you us my brought created. He

of his love, tabernacled with his hopes *Address delivered Sunday morning, April 3, 1955. Restored Gospel, that Joseph is a Proph400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Joseph Fielding Smith Harold B. Lee Spencer W. Kimball Ezra Tart Benson Mark E. Petersen Henry D. Moyle

Delbert L. Stapley Marion G. Romney LeGrand Richards Adam S. Bennion Richard L. Evans George Q. Morris

good brethren and sisters and

position; Myimportantfriends, I realizeand responsiblethat this is a very *

that our words go out, the extent of which we do not know. It is needful, The Way to Eternal life

therefore, that we have the guidance of the Spirit of the Lord, that we may speak his truth. I trust that the few by Joseph Fielding Smith

find that I say words echo an may in PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE hearts Spirit dictated your the be and by of the Lord.

of close discourse the a our Near by this I cause into world, that the into this to die that came world came men Savior, believed him. and Lord on many

I should witness live. bear truth. the unto truth might should That know. we It is written: said to those Jesus "Then

is Every of that It one truth the is far heareth to that important more know If believed conhim, which ye on Jews voice."(Ibid., 18:37.) Christ is our that he Jesus Redeemer, in tinue my word, then are ye my my

Pilate asked Then of the principles us has given him, "What is unto disciples indeed;

it the Perhaps life, Savior no had eternal all that than is to know the truth, the truth?"ye shall and "And know

time given to answer. Perhaps he him in secular obtained education. be can 8:31shall truth you free."make (John

until that was silent, from time and It is far to that now important more know 32.)

written asking have been that of sins, remission is for the baptism and free is volumes truth only us that makes The question. only that true answer The properly performed one by when who of truth the gospel Christ. of Jesus the

has been given given the was by Lord authority, sins remission will of the has all fact, truth to the belongs gospel In to the Prophet Smith. Joseph followthe baptism through and come, Christ. Savior bur of was Jesus When

is truth of things as "And knowledge ing, of the Ghost, Holy back come we Pilate, Pilate before questioned brought are, they as as were, they and and they into of at Father, the presence our God if king. a he asked were and him him

to are (D. other In come."93:24.) C. last, & of the the guidance through Holy I that sayest answered, Jesus "Thou am

is truth words, that endures. All which Ghost. I for born, this and end was a king. To

else it perish. true, must being This is to life the eternal know way To

behooves us to search for truth—this far more important than all the learning

et, that the First Vision was a reality, truth the Savior spoke of that makes us that the world can give. We find that

principles in the sacred which have been as the free. stands that now who the man

last time, for the Not all truth is of the same value or revealed in these and all the possesses of the President Church keys and powers that were possessed by importance. Some truths are greater ordinances which are being performed the Prophet Joseph, that God expects than others. The greatest truth, or the for the last time—that is, in the Disus, as has been said here today, to keep greatest truths, we find in the fundapensation of the Fulness of Times—for

of gospel of Christ. the mentals Jesus will gospel restored again. never the be to the his all end of commandments

all, First of that Christ is the Jesus Son restored to remain. It has been The in exalted saved be and that we may

of of the world, the God, Redeemer who his servants, ordained has has Lord and pray, for this presence, I humbly his and in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. 'Address delivered Sunday Afternoon, April 3, 1955. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 401 Every member of this Church has

Joseph Fielding Smith Continuedmade covenants with God. When we

entered into the waters of baptism and of Church, the members confirmed were togiven execute authority receive covenants his laws, to the them and obligations him. with a covenant into entered

his to gospel, that will we ancientlyto preach cry repentance, promised were which Doctrine of the twentytwo In section to call upon men to humble themselves bring them back into the presence of and Covenants the Lord refers to bapand receive these fundamental princiGod, our Father. tism as "a new and everlasting covenant,

ples of eternal life. These blessings are free. They are even that which was from the beginThe way of eternal life is here. The the most important truths in all the ning."And in another revelation to

covenants that were promised that lead world. Brethren and sisters, we have Joseph Smith given in 1830, the Lord

to that great gift are here. All men on received them. Let us be true and faithsaid, concerning baptism and the covethe face of the earth have now the ful, turning neither to the right nor to nants associated with it (and I often

privilege not only of repentance, but also the left in the keeping of the commandwonder if we consider seriously enough of remission of sins through the waters ments of the Lord, and by example as those covenants and obligations that are of baptism, and the gift of the Holy well as by precept, serve him, I humbly connected with our entering into the

Ghost by the laying on of hands, and pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. waters of baptism and into membership

in this Church), this he said:

All those who humble themselves before

God, and desire to be baptized, and come

Sunday Morning Session, April 3, 1955 fortb with broken hearts and contrite spirits, and witness before the church that they have truly repented of all their sins, and are willing to take upon them the name of

Jesus Christ, having a determination to "For Whoso serve him to the end, and truly manifest by their works that they have received of the Spirit of Christ unto the remission of

(Ibid., 20:37.) Is Faithful"theirhis church.sins, shall be received by baptism into

by ElRay L. Christiansen areThoseratherrequirementsdefinite. Theandobligationsexpectationsand

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE covenants are clearly stated. Both the

blessings of becoming a member of the

Church and the obligations of such people, for to be a standard and O. world, my to President David listening and should be understood membershipAfter it, to seek to to be Gentiles the and and for mesfor baptimely all candidates and helpful McKay's impressed upon

face before a messenger my I sisters, in the Church, brothers and Lsage, am sure membership to prepare the tism and 45:9.) (D. before me. way & C. I, in old. to say again feel, as did and thethat both the young you

your hearts: "Why does the Lord make or require Again, when we partake of the sacrainto enter supper, Lord's of we the ment oband commandments covenants and for a Prophet, thee, God, thank O We cove- a him. make with covenants We peoheard I have ligations laws? latter days; and these in us guide To the us will take that upon nant we gospel for the sending rethee if he does thank loves us ask, ple he why We it seems of means, Son. the That name its rays. with lighten our minds To father strict would as any Just us? as posas like nearly to him to me, be

to if it is child, a blessing his in live do, to sible, he would to do as show restrict that thanks and utter we May gives us these so our Father that child, live, to lives as he would everyday our response personal fervent it and in a to this appeal of our great leader. laws and ordinances and commandbe a true disciple of Christ.

I am sure that what I shall say will ments and covenants, not that we should Now, he who takes upon him the not be new to anyone, but it is a matter be burdened or restricted by them, but name of Christ surely will obliterate to which we should give serious conthat we may be lifted up and made free, from his life such things as profane and sideration. The Latterday Saints are a that our burdens may be light; that we vulgar language, and evil thinking,

blessed people because they have made may, through obedience to them, more "For,"says the Lord, "as he thinketh covenants with the Lord. As he made nearly perfect our lives and thereby prein his heart, so is he."(Prov. 23:7.)

glories for that await the ourselves pare has so old, he Israel of with covenants the take Surely those them upon who to to are willing conform those who have us, and we with covenantsmade of will honest Christ and true, be the name gospel. of His the ordinances laws and covenants individual personal andmade virtuous chaste benevolent and and and are grievous; not they are not laws with him. all to will men. do good

burdensome. agreeis solemn a a bond; covenant A of sacrament, the partake we When are Lord the with Covenants made indileast at It two involves ment. to his keep a covenant commake we nature. their in Agreements eternal parties must course, both of and, viduals, all to certainly of them, mandments, those end between when made men covenant the of conditions the by abide all our love the with Lord our God are not agreements are dead. Such men bindit effective and to order make in all hearts, might, our with and and it clear very eternal. Lord it made The has as its fulness, in gospel ing. The to all strength, our love our with and with makes that covenants the he men everlastis and the restored, new been ourselves. the as keeping neighbor By are that those eternal are which and and of new God. The covenant ing in the sacrament commandments made shall shaken be and between man man all coveembodies covenant everlasting is Spirit service, that his promised one eventually. destroyed and are that obligations bonds, and nants, direct to will to him, guide him, be with

the in for peace the Lord of required to teach to him. him, him, and warn of order, Behold, house is a house mine of hearts men, in the for peace world, is desirable that nothing more saith of There not a house the Lord God, and of exaltation salvation and the and for acto the ask have than one could confusion.

man. Spirit of of the God. companiment is world, everything in that the And to the Church given revelation a In it thrones, of ordained whether be by men, privilege for the grateful Let us be the Smith, Joseph Prophet the through or of principalities, things or powers, or to of the going each week have we to and hearken people the bidding Lord,'are be, that not they whatsoever name, may our renewing there table and sacrament is it "while his voice to shall together saith listen or the Lord, word, by by my me also us Let Lord. the with covenants shall remain not down, and thrown be to them: said day,"yet detable a with sacrament the leave after in after neither are nor dead, men

And even so I have sent mine everlasting the resurrection, saith the Lord your God. termination to keep the covenant that

covenant into the world, to be a light to the (Ibid., 132:8, 13.) we make there.

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When we are ordained to the priestalso a covenantkeeping people. Unthings which God hath prepared for them

hood we enter into what is known as speakable joy, indescribable blessings that love him. (I Cor. 2:9.)

love associations that with those we and priestofthe the oath covenant and that they said course, he has of And, of all receive the covenants await whohood. to agree magnify honor and We his will keep commandlove that him faithto end, the endure and who Godthat priesthood living every word by by ments. true. ful and

that of proceedeth conference from this God. the mouth from go forth we May

Always there are blessings promised For more determined than ever so to do, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, the seen, neither ear heard, nor hath not Eye those theto keep covenants who made into the Lord. the heart entered Amen. have of man,

the Lord. the eightyfourth Inwith

section of the Doctrine and Covenants, the Lord mentions such promises, when he says:

For whoso is faithful unto the obtaining

I priesthoodsthese two of which have Ears to Hear spoken, calling, their the magnifying and are sanctified by the Spirit unto the renewing of their bodies.

the sons become They of Moses and of the Living Prophets the seedAaron and the of Abraham, and church and kingdom, and the elect of God.

by Marion G. Romney Therefore, all those who receive the priesthood, receive this oath and covenant [or OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

enter into it] of my Father, which he cannot break, neither can it be moved. (D. & C.

84:3334, 40.) beloved brothers and sisters, you ren according to their diligence in keeping

assembled in this building and you my commandments. (Ibid., 10.)

this speaking Wilford Woodruff, upon television in look and by who who My I character arevelation, of note famous Recently heard the marvelous made I to radio: isten in plead with you by

is a faithfulblessings say, that today bearers await needs the world the "What Spirit his give to implore the Lord me sharers of statement, priesthood; the a wiseand wives our prophet."was That I address few the next while you moit is things correct. blessingsare not the without same exactly not The but I for his that ments. sought have humbly

to are the bear the priesttodaycome of need peoples world the who men I his the give will believe he help, and me Saidhood. Wilford because Woodruff: prophet, living to ears the hear Spirit, If Spirit. too, his gives he you

these few minutes will be worth your we already have one. He has been sent

to the only not memGod, by Almighty that abide comprehend we Do if we of glory to the the while be and and mine, also to of the you but bers Church, of shall the priesthoodlaws we become God.

of jointheirsof Christ? Jesus seeing are and God and other people good who Whoheirs

I at first bore you I thought would that the celesobeyingcan comprehend by television service this and hearing by tial law, all the Father hath shall be given with a written speech, but I believe I hearing it over the radio. Most of the

it principalities, us, exaltations, as I Moreover, without one.unto can do that quarters last hour three of anpowers, dominions. can comprehend I for Whothrones, give you, message the I have you before you, standing has prophet been stated. yet it is hereit? And straight eye. to in the look want you if see could where you been have you

is special of office that a witness If this session. seen into not have you My

if covekeep the laws and Now, we I gospel. of his the of and PresiRedeemer voice. his heard him, you have

priestof baptism, thenants honor and spirit of office desire is to that the of have a prophet dent O. David McKay

its are covenants, then andhood we to testify to of eternal If and you of some are the type Living the you God.

of into to enter temple thepermitted are to truths while worth which believed person that have my would who coveagain therethe Lord and make sisters in brethren the and lived Church a prophet, in who you was had Moses if covenants with him,nants which testimonies, to fervent have members his President day, that you know McKay for of fulness the will us qualifykept

I to love, family, of is If acprophet. own a have whom would my you Father's to bein ourjoy kingdom; and

is looking of in every on one you of who or Elijah the cepted even Son Man, rights, powers, with endowedcome outside, this to every conference from the will President accept O. you David blessings thatblessings, of promises and

all voice, to the hears soul and of as the a Living prophet my who God. McKay bless lives us our embellish andmay

I earth. of to say have the ends are will other prophets What There who is joy us that bringeternally beyond and

five I senses. did learn through not this to talk conference. during my you Two to comprehend. powerour

lot I truth the learned a about I have will the mention, stand with men who

We may also enter into that order through my natural senses, the concepts President David O. McKay. As James

of the priesthood known as the "new I have came from what I have heard and John stood beside Peter after the and everlasting covenant of marriage."and read, but the truths to which I passing of the Redeemer, so President

Those who remain true to that covetestify I have learned through revelaStephen L Richards and President J.

nant and to all other covenants are tion. Reuben Clark, Jr., stand with President

will of that they the Lordpromised of are three prophMcKay. The them I not not misunderstand, do do Now,

of resurrection the forth the income as ets as lived ever any much men who of startling a account give to propose an their wives their andjust husbands with I prophets. the earth have been upon I one. seen not vision. have open chiltheir with their andas companions, voices. to their with hear plead you I voice. audible heard have an

if faithful keep the Neither are and theydren, will to other speak There be you men or three four comes through Revelation live to shall they make,covenants which sessions this of in the conference is who vision; anthe channels. open One of state neverending a inwith them called calling the been with have is same is voice; another audible the other assurance, hope, whathappiness. What in as Apostles the the of days Twelve Spirit. of of spoke the Enos the hearts to the bring should that joywhat Savior. will the speak These words men of Spirit the witness this witnessmethod—the consolation great joy andof men! The life. eternal of will record bear They of voice the that said heard he he when assurance divine the fromthat comes of of truths gospel of... the the Jesus Christ sins are "thy him, say unto God ties the transcend family the maythat to will live accept you need which and a then thee."forgiven (Enos 5.) And etercontinue of and deathboundaries if are true to followers be you of by his for after later, little prayed he had their all love is priceless tonally who Christ. will preach These and men said, Nephites, brethren, the he friends. theirfamilies and of gospel as the Christ teach Jesus he

We are indeed a covenantmaking... the voice of the Lord came into my himself defined it.

people. I hope and pray that we are mind again, saying: I will visit thy breth- (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 403 Marion 6. Romney Continued oftheGod,earththatin thesehe restoredlatter days.the gospelI knowherethaton

the leaders of the Church today are prophets, seers, and revelators, and there is noththere That be no may misunderstandother tell rather Enoch, ing these I would peodo than dispensation—Abraham,

ing as to that gospel what in contact that with is, I want come ple we Moses, I know for example, and in this dispento read two or three verses from the sation the Prophet Joseph Smith. These that these things are true....

I I that pray be representa- a worthy may of statement the Savior. After great he had prophets of taught gospel the Jesus

of tive family and Church the and my my told his disciples if that the was Church Christ as as plainly himself. did Jesus

I Lord, this bear you testimony and through built his his upon gospel Father would in But the of Meridian Jesus came. Time gift the of the in Ghost Holy the and name forth it, his show in works own.teach to gospel, only the not came but He of Christ. Jesus

it if that built not was his gospel, upon also to but the be of the Redeemer but upon the works of men or upon the world. He was the only one who qualiNow, there is a twentyyear-old lad

works of the devil, they would have fied to be the Redeemer, first, because who has that witness. He knows, bejoy in their works for a season, but by he and he alone had life within himcause he has been touched through the

and by the end would come when they self—eternal life, which he inherited sixth sense, if you will, the witness of

would be thrown down and cast into from his divine Father. He was the only the Spirit, that these eternal verities are

the fire, he said: one who ever lived a sinless life upon true.

earth, the he alone foreordained and was beloved Oh, sisters, brothers and my.. is the gospel I given which have to the be Redeemer. friends good I have my never whom I unto to into the came world. you—thatthis is resurrection in inherent the The seen I and have never seen who me, will of the do Father, because my my he'said to atonement. Jesus do came bear witness there that to you is revelaFather sent me.

Ard my Father sent me that I might be the will of his Father, and that the will tion in this day, that there is a power lifted up upon the cross; and after that I had of his Father was that he should be from God which wants to come into

been lifted up upon the cross, that I might lifted up upon the cross. He further our hearts and bring us peace, that peace

all I draw that me, unto men as for said that the been have purpose he which was will to be which conducive the peace lifted up by so even should men be lifted men cross to be that the up upon of was of the world, great our which living lifted the to up Father, by stand before me, all to he him. might draw I That this spoke prophet men morning. this bear to be judged of their works, they whether resurrection. does the through he to witness in you the of name Jesus be or good evil they whether be

for to are purpose which Christ. The men Amen. for this I lifted cause And have been up; after resurrection before the come him therefore, according to the of the power

is of that the be they judged works may I Father will all draw unto that me, men they may be judged according to their which they have done in the flesh.

works. (3 Nephi 27:1315.) These are the fundamentals of the

gospel of Jesus Christ, as he put them in his language. Having own And then he added: stated Patriarch To The Church followed with the them, he commandNow this is the commandment: Repent, ment,

all ye ends of the earth, and come unto me and be baptized in my name, that ye Repent, all ye ends of the earth, and come may be sanctified by the reception of the unto me and be baptized in my name, that

Holy Ghost, that ye may stand spotless beye may be sanctified by the reception of fore me at the last day. the Holy Ghost. (Ibid., 27:20.)

Verily, verily, I say unto you, thjs is my.. gospel.. (Ibid., 27:2021.) Now, all men who believe in Jesus

to his and followers will be want have In this short statement the Master to verities. four accept those will They fournamed eternal verities upon which also to have the obey commandment. all else in his is gospel first, founded:

is the obeyed, commandment Whenthe relationship between himself and will receive they witness of the thehis Father; second, fact the of his atoneGhost. will Surely Holy receive they third,ment; the universal resurrection;

it. It to will live comes every who man fourth,and the judgment.

it. for I to read example, As an a you to the As relationship between himself lines of the few from testimony a mishisand Father, said: he "I into came Eldred G. Smith field. sionary in Six the ago monthsthe world to will the do of father; my sat today, this in here building he onbecause father sent my me."This

field. his to the mission After wayverity, so is simply put, the cornerstone

five in being for foreign a land months, Sunday Afternoon Sessionof his gospel. Christian A brotherhood learning foreign a language, he wrotecan no built more be without the acApril 3, 1955 this to his parents:ceptance of fact the is that Jesus the

Son of God than the superstructure of started over here and I first came Whenthis great building can be supported I work, did not in this missionary know without its foundation. The very burden if I was going to be able to last it out.

of the Master's message during all his It was really hard on me to go out fromlife was that he is the Son of God. door to door and have the people laugh Humility

The Father himself, who seldom speaks at me and not listen to me. And for a

I if I really there while did wondered have any otheron question, after time time

I if of gospel. the testimony that a knewbore is witness that his Jesus Son. That

I strong a I did not very that have one isfact essential an part of the message it able Builds Faith to stick be out. would not Theof the restoration. really devil too, was working me, on beThat the atonement a fact was of is as cause unrest a feeling I had unconand by Eldred G. Smithessential to the gospel of Jesus Christ tentedness, the I did desire not and have

toas is the Sonship of Jesus. the We have go out and give the message to the peoPATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

ple.sacrament to remind us every of week

his atonement. The only purpose, or But today there is nothing I would rather

do. blessed has The Lord with very a me leastat the for purpose, main which sisters, and I seek an interest strong of testimony I gospel. the Brothers knowJesus into the came to world was make in faith your prayers. is and without is This that any doubt Jesus the Christ,the atonement. Others could have of a been the humbling experience, Son God, I that and lives and and God hope

tosent preach gospel. the matter a As of has a he flesh body I that I will bones. and always appreciate know the honors

fact,of others sent been have in every that Smith, is Joseph Jr. was and a prophet blessings the and that have been given

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to me and that I shall always apprewill do it right. If you will make me "The Word of Wisdom was not a health

ciate the blessings of the Lord. well, I will try to be a good man. Thank program for me. It was a lesson in

The other night a cartoon appeared you, Heavenly Father, for making me humility."He said, "I had to learn

in The Deseret News which showed well."humility."That is what it meant to

Uncle Sam deluged in the overflowing When he finished praying, he lay him. As it is with many of the recontents of a large horn of plenty. The down. The doctors'and nurses'eyes quirements of the Church, we have to

title read, "Isn't it time we count our were filled with tears. Then he said, demonstrate humble obedience.

blessings?"These cartoonists have a "I am ready."It is a humbling experience to look

gift of catching the essence of a situaThe operation was successful, and the into the sky and contemplate the stars—

tion and portraying it very graphically. boy speedily recovered. just try to count all those you can see

in all blessed a land aboveWe eye. the the naked with Throughout later said, "I doctor operhave The other only a land, choice ages, to tried has count and them, man livenations—not of ated people, hundreds on and men also but a choice generation. adIn telescopes larger as and have been made faith to thought they who had women all dition to the luxuries of livmodern larger, until increased the has scope we I healed, until never, stood over be but ing, the have blessings we of the fulness of utter impossibility realize the numlittle I felt that presence the have boy of the gospel. Today do not have we stars. all are the bering small we How it I of felt as then. boy That God physical the opposition of hardship is and then, consider the that we when God of the opened windows heaven and persecution that in earlier the had we universe. of Creator the Master and to his talked as Father Heavenly one days.

of the the stand rim Just Grand on I face. talk another, to to face would

The Church is growing very rapidly, am a better man for having had the Canyon and feel your insignificance as and our missionaries are having amazexperience of hearing a small boy talk you gaze on the grandeur and immensity ing success. The people of the world to his Father in heaven as if he were of nature or watch the beauties of

are impressed with the accomplishments present."Niagara and realize your own weakness

of the But, sisbrothers Church. and of great in the presence power. such is qualities of that Humility the one

if ters, learn anything we history from ask yourself as asked our David Then faith. helps build missionary a Would is history greatest ourand is all: teacher—we of the Creator and Maker if "What successful be not he were humble? He learn that present our favorable condiart of that thou mindful him?"man to be receptive has teachable a with tions have danger. a may hidden Some (Ps. 8:4.) before others, teach he can mind and of these dangers referred to were by to teachable, is be Yes, be he humble. of must mindful and me you God President this morning. McKay you Do all missionaries. should be his are And children. we because has we Heremember so what happened in often

all this given us earth have and we of living All the the requirementsthe of Book the peoMormon? When

eat, air breathe, the to very food we easier gospel humility. become throughple righteous, were prosthey enjoyed

life itself. for us rewards every good He his told experience young man me A perity. prosperity feelWith a came

deed. ourselves are nothing. Of in we a of the becoming Church, member ofing selfsufficiency pride. and They

sisters, let Brothers selfus and is not be typical of activiin their which manyforgot to acknowledge the as Lord the sufficient. Let forget us not t>f ties to be investigating humthe Church. He of allGiver their blessings. lost They

is ble the Lord, acknowledge and said missionaries the who to the lesson cametheir humility. until they Not were

us. to so good of the on his and Wisdom. Word Hechastened did and righteoushumbled

ness and prosperity return. wife were both users of tobacco. After King Benjamin told his people:

over missionthe meeting the was and Let us enjoy the prosperity in which first in the left, place, aries it now, And he they talked hath over had with live, gratitude with inwe humble our created you, granted and unto your you other each decided and between themhearts, expressing our to thanks the Lord. lives, for are indebted ye which him. unto if is selves, that "Well, the Lord what

all usLet in be our prayers. humble secondly, require that he doth ye And if is this the Lord's wants and Church,

lip service. of asBeware should he for do hath you; commanded Remember how it."try will said that not we was he He if do, ye which bless he immediately doththe criticized Lord the hypocrites who particularly himself, concerned about therefore you; and he paid you. hath ye And forprayed openly glory the of men. He it easily; could he he thought do he still are indebted are, unto him, and andsaid,

was worried about his wife; she had will be forever and ever; therefore, of what

quit before. to to the other never tried ye have boast? On Verily I say unto you, they have their

I ask, And quit After several say can ye hand, times. now aught of yourhe hadreward. (Matt. 6:5.)

I you, answer Nay. Ye say cannot quit, selves? to proving himself could that he

are ye as even as the of dust much course, to the of that use he back went is It not the always in of words use we the earth; yet ye created of were the dust cigarets again. this case, said in he Butprayer that so spirit as count the much it of the earth; but behold, to belongeth it just reverse. the wife quit His wasin said. are they which truly are If we created you. him (Mosiah 2:2325.) who

difficulty, apparent without any but he willhumble, the acknowledge we hand difficulty. tremendous had became He allof in the Lord righteous enour sisters, brothers lifted and be not My

irritable. nervous could and He isdeavors. Praying without humility pride of in the hearts not up that your you

rest. his fellow cranky was among He faith.praying without forget just cannot all of You the blessings. Giver your

at workers. night. sleep not He could truehave humility. let faith without selfrighteousness not of rob What Do you

quit, as his wife But inasmuch hadbetter example the have than before he humility do we God. Acknowledge him

to her. not going be outdone was bysimple, of prayer all a child? in things. humble faith Let your be simple

restless, night, so So, so he one became childlike. and President Albert George Smith

sleep, that has disturbed could and not he occasion, one Ontold a story will I think bear which to pray his that suggested wife he himrepeating.

that about a good. was.. He thought disciples the saying, unto came Jesus,

It was a nineyear-old about boy who prayer; joke. of ridiculed the idea is the it.He greatest the in kingdom Who

was to undergo a serious operation. As he said, "This is something I have to heaven? of

they prepared to give him the anesdo. Nobody can help me with this. I And Jesus called a little child unto him,

thetic, he asked those attending him to can do this."But as the night passed, and set him in the midst of them,

pray for him. When they told him they and he had done everything he could And said, Verily I say unto you. Except

little converted, be ye as chiland become said, pray not, can'tcould "If you he rest to sleep stimulate any without and dren, shall into ye not enter the kingdom I willfor please me, wait while you success, finally in despair he humbled 'of heaven. for myself?"pray to side at of kneel the himself enough therefore shall Whosoever himself humble

They removed the sheet, and he knelt the bed and pray vocally. According to as this little child, the same is greatest in

on the operating table, bowed his head his own testimony, he said that he got the kingdom of heaven. (Matt. 18:1-4.)

and said, "Heavenly Father, I am an up from his prayer, got into bed, went orphan boy. I am awful sick. Won't to sleep, and has never been tempted May we then be humble as a little

you please make me well? Bless these by cigarets since. He has absolutely child is my prayer in the name of Jesus

men who are going to operate that they lost the taste for tobacco. He said, Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1955 405 of the Aaronic Priesthood? I would

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC like to take you back to the beautiful

Susquehanna River, near Harmony,

Pennsylvania. Joseph Smith and Oliver

Cowdery, two young men, age twentythree and twentytwo, respectively, stood on those beautiful banks of the Susquehanna River in Pennsylvania. Their

faces reflected the seriousness of their thoughts. It was evident that peace

permeated their entire beings, and every act bespoke humility and faith in God, their Eternal Father. They had intentionally secluded themselves from the

world that they might seek the counsel of their Father in heaven.

May 15, 1829—it was a beautiful day.

Winter was over. Spring was in the

Joseph L. Wirthlin air. Nature had painted the leaves of

Presiding Bishop the trees with a delicate green. The

Thorpe B. Isaacson song of the birds overhead blended with

the sounds of the river to produce

Carl W. Buehner harmonious overtones that added serenity to that beautiful occasion. The sun

cast its golden rays through the motionless leaves of the semidense overgrowth, making a wonderful study in light and shadow. All was calm and peaceful,

that day. It was indeed a sacred spot "Upon You and a sacred hour. Cares and worries

and concern were largely overcome by the handiwork of God. The harmonious

beauty that surrounded them contributed to the sacredness of the place and of their seriousness of the but occasion, the My Fellow Servants"it. to semioblivious them mission made

They now knelt together in humble by Thorpe B. Isaacson prayer, seeking guidance from God,

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC their Eternal Father.

These two young men were concerned about the principle of baptism for the to desired they sins, and of remission at conference, President Richards, large in gatherings pray McKay, ofPresident details the concerning more know lives, also brethof Clark, beloved every President our pray but day we my the was ordinance. What sacred this

of prayer. Authorities, of principle the ren accept the General and my we and to whom, and How, proper mode?

I like sisters friends: to brothers about words say few a anddear and would perbe ordinance this should by whom I directing Priesthood. Aaronic the am I in feel bestanding very humble translating of their work In formed? to those particularly conremarks I my greatfore this today, audience and become they had of Mormon Book the Priesthood with Aaronic cerned boys in forsincerely prayer a ask solemn as problem, the regarding concerned are to twelve twentyone. There from I gratebehalf. in heartsyour am my of that instructions the contrasted they of seventy approximately thousand them great in this toful here with be you of the practices the with sacred book stakes of the not the countin Church, of Truly,general the conference Church. howknew, day. They of that churches also missions. the ing have about We spiritually strengthened have beenwe would in heaven Father their that ever, of Senior that same members number faith. in built our comeand up We sought. they now the wisdom supply of the Priesthood, Aaronic wonderful I that purpose, pray for that andhere

the Lord will help me that I may say men who bear the Aaronic Priesthood, And while they were engaged in something that will give you strength or a total of approximately 140,000 men prayer, a messenger, whom God had and increase your faith and your testiand boys holding that wonderful priestsent, appeared to them, and he spoke mony. hood, the Aaronic Priesthood, which unto them. "I am thy fellow servant."

We spend much of our time in our gives them the power and the blessing The resurrected John the Baptist nowbusiness and temporal affairs, in our and the authority and the responsibility stood before them—he, who had come

educational, social, and recreational of acting in the name of God, our Eterout of the wilderness crying repentance life. We spend a great deal of our time nal Father. to the people of his day; he, who had

in government and politics. Probably I hope, parents, that you will take an baptized our Lord and Savior at Beththat is as it should be, but I wonder interest in these Aaronic Priesthood abara in the River Jordan. Yes, this

how much time we actually spend in boys. Fathers and mothers, help them was the same John who on that sacred

developing the spiritual side of our on Sunday mornings. They are sleepy; occasion heard the Father's voice from

is beloved declare, "This I tired; my say, the are boys. heaven are they growing better they maylives—probably, pleased."well Son, in to get I am older I become, mornup whom on Sunday them of our lives? Helppart The

the more I realize that this is the better ing and attend their priesthood meet- (Matt. 3:17.) This was the same John

side of our lives and certainly the most ings. You wonderful wives of the Senior who witnessed the Holy Ghost descend

important side of our lives. members, encourage your husbands on on Jesus; he, the literal descendant

It is not uncommon for thousands of Sunday morning to get up in time to of Aaron who held the keys of the us Latterday Saints to bow our heads in put on their Sunday clothes and go to Aaronic Priesthood by right and ordiprayer and close our eyes, and to follow Church. That will give to them and nation; he of whom the Lord said,

the prayer of him who may be mouth. to you great blessings that you will not "No greater prophet born of woman"

Truly we are a praying people. The know any other way. (see Luke 7:28); he, who had been

world has judged us to be a praying May I try briefly to portray some of beheaded for his courageous denunciapeople, and we confess that we not only the incidents concerning the restoration tion of sin and for his love of truth.

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now he stood before them in majesty;

the glory that surrounded him was far brilliant sunshine. than themore May Zion Must Arise all dispelledHis presence doubts and

all fears, and these two young men opened their souls to partake of his great wisdom. and Shine Forth

He then laid his hands upon thejr heads and conferred upon them the by Ezra Taft Benson

Aaronic Priesthood keys which he had OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE held throughout the centuries. The

words of that ordination prayer were indelibly impressed upon the minds of brethren and sisters and friends, in very deed speak as one having authese two young men: seen and unseen: I approach this thority on this very sacred and important

assignment this afternoon in deep subject of the home and family. I am My fellow you servants, I the in Upon my family. for and is grateful expehome It sobering truly my a my lumility.

of I confer Messiah thename Priesthood for and for I companion seek honor. signal my a yet rience am grateful andof Aaron, holds which the of keys the min- I help. strength, and inspiration, faith her your of and inspiration heaven theistering angels, of of the reand of gospel accom- I have not could that for a I to speak as know attempt prayers andpentance, of and baptism for by immersion achieved, little that I have plished the moments. fewthe sins; remission of this shall and never

faith, devotion, and great her for opporwithout the I grateful verybe taken again am the earth, from until the sons of Levi do offer again an offering unto tunity of being here at this great consupport.

the Lord in righteousness. (D. & C. 13.) ference. I am grateful to President I am grateful that I have come from

McKay for inviting me to come, and I a good Latterday Saint home.

He then told them that the Aaronic would like to say to him, in response I thank the Lord for the opportunity

Priesthood was an appendage of the to his kind words, that I am sure no that has been mine to associate with

Melchizedek Priesthood, that it had not one on earth is as happy as I that I am my brethren of the General Authorities.

the power of the laying on of hands for able to be here today. For nine glorious years I had almost

the gift of the Holy Ghost, but that this I am very grateful that the Lord perdaily association with them. The last

power should later be given to them. mitted our plane to land during the two years I have been in their presence

Then he told these two young men that storm last night, just in time to get to much less frequently, and I am sure he came under the direction of Peter, that great priesthood meeting. As they will never know fully how much

James, and John, who held the keys of President McKay referred to the fact I have missed the very close and intithe Priesthood of Melchizedek, which that seventyone different gatherings mate association of those earlier years.

priesthood, in due time, would be conwere assembled last night, and that we I am grateful for the faith and prayers ferred upon them and which later was had never had this many outlets for the of the Saints and for the support of good conferred upon them. general priesthood meeting, I thought of people everywhere in the responsibilities

These two young men were then di- a rather humorous thing that was said which are mine now in the government rected by this messenger to go down into by one of our national entertainers on as well as in the Church. I thank God

the river, that beautiful Susquehanna TV, who is helping in a"promotion profor the letters that have come during

River. Joseph Smith was instructed to gram for greater consumption of dairy hours of stress from faithful members

baptize Oliver, and Oliver, in turn, products. We have had some excess of of the Church and good people elsewas instructed to baptize Joseph. They these commodities. This entertainer has where.

were then to ordain each other to the been employed by the farmers of this President McKay spoke of these wonAaronic Priesthood by the laying on of country, through the American Dairy derful mission presidents, and they are hands. Joseph ordained Oliver to the Association, whose president is one of wonderful men. As he did so I thought

Aaronic Priesthood first, and Oliver our stake presidents. On the air he exof one who lies ill in a local hospital,

then ordained Joseph. pressed his pride at being associated with whose illness I learned about since comor- only not an great organization, spiritual This glorious experience to this that this ing with whom conference—one also but of farmers, ganization many I the greatfollowed their baptism ordination pleasure of walking the and had

to the priesthood was accompanied by millions of dairy cows. "Now,"he said, streets of Holland at the close of the

be gentlemen, "ladies there may and Presispirit valiant. left of this of the prophecy. mostthe they As I war—one hut branches, organizations with more lisare light. spot, if you Zappey,* dent Cornelius their hearts werehallowed

with organization there is no am sure I that say in today, retening to you Priesthood Aaronic again may wasThe outlets."more for love loves that you, you of earth to the angelstored an we God by God brethren and I rejoice you, with my it is that prayer devotion, first your our and his servants,to in the time many

I have this sisters, conference. great in fit to see restore fully and he you for divinely maycenturies to be comman testiuplift spiritual the a from received is It strength. speedily to health and priesthood. the Thismissioned with

I particularly borne, monies and am that prayer someday hope and we that conclusively myvision demonstrated

I the hear to able grateful that was as to able misagain be team up may closed gave not heavens werethe and the in First Presidency of the messages if life, sionaries, in this the in not then of of the promise proof thepositive last night session conference priesthood eternities to come.resurrection.

I of think a today. cannot again and

I for saving grateful glorious the am I I that testimony bear you know my experience the experience richer than this priesthood was restored to the earth. of the last twentyfour hours. principles of the gospel, my brethren

sisters, for progenitors had and who my II that testimony bear know you blessings my all for of the grateful I am to accept strength courage the and is Christ, the lives that Jesus and sittingGod here the are have been mine. I that

to join truth the they heard it and when our of our and Redeemerthe God, Son I grateful them. enumerating today am

people. themselves with unpopular an I bear Brother. youSavior, Elder our to enjoy this in live day, to able to be

for grateful heritage rich the which am is this the that testimony I know are I liberties the which freedomsmy the and is for thankful mine. the mission I am I in, are that engaged andtrue associations have work we which the ours we and

know that Joseph Smith was a Prophet in the Church and in this great nation. of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and for

for their those succeeded him, have who I President that Davidof I and for the confidence God. grateful know am

I to valiant the truth. devotion am is living in prophet a true, loveO. and sisters of the McKay of my brethren

regrateful that the I have been made I bear Father, you our Eternal andGod, the Church.

that testimony, and I know it to be true, As I listened to that great message of cipient of the priceless blessings that and I know it by the power and gift of the President this morning, a message have come through the gospel.

testifies passed *President April to that Zappey homes, in our away 22, 1955. Ghost, needthe Holy He me that which my we all

of president a former the was Netherlands both and thanksgratitude is true. that and testimony heart filled with I bearthis you States the Missions. East Central had been He

in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. giving that the Prophet of God could leased from the latter mission in March 1955. reJUNE 1955 407

and encouragement more than they need

Ezra Taft Benson continued grants. I feel that the future is bright,

and I am very happy that our Church

Today I have in my heart a love not everywhere, thus providing the means of missions are spreading out in those only for these, but also for all of God's leading them to exaltation. lands.

children. I have no ill feeling toward In the last few weeks I have had the I. came back impressed that those peoany human being. With you, I hate glorious privilege of visiting eleven of ple want us to help them to help themsin, but I love the sinner. We all have our Latin American countries. The selves. The future looks bright, and I

need to repent. visit was threefold in character. First said to some of my associates upon my

I rejoice in the spread of the gospel of all, it was a response to invitations return that if I were a young man of and the growth of the Church in all from leaders of those nations, particutwenty-five today, I would consider the world. I have been thrilled as I larly ministers of agriculture; it also heading south. Probably when we get

have read the accounts of President provided an opportunity to get better the interAmerican highway completed,

McKay's visits to the missions in the acquainted with their agriculture, and it will be easier for us to visit our

South Pacific. I thrilled with the mesalso to learn something of the results neighbors to the south. I hope so.

sages last night from two of our asof the exports which we are making I was pleased, too, to find in the sociates who reported on missionary acinto those nations, of breeding stock, travels to these eleven countries, that tivities in the South Pacific and way up such as beef cattle, dairy cattle, hogs, our Mormon people are found in almost in faroff Finland. I am very grateful, poultry, and also many strains of seeds; every nation. Generally speaking, they

my brethren and sisters, for all of these it also provided an opportunity, so the are giving a good account of themselves.

priceless blessings. President of the United States thought, I was pleased with the contacts I had

I realize that through the ages there to help strengthen the bonds of friendwith them. Beginning in Cuba, in our

has been a tendency for truth to be ship and understanding with our splenvisit with the then Presidentelect, pretty much on the scaffold and error did neighbors south of the border. Batista, and continuing through tenon the throne. I recognize that there I want to say to you, my brethren and other nations—I was pleased that we

has been a tendency to revere prophets sisters, it was a most satisfying experihad the opportunity to say something dead and to persecute the living oracles. ence. I am very grateful for the conabout the Church and explain the funda-

I recognize that there are two great tacts I had with the Presidents of those ments of the gospel.

ministers of agriculthe is with effective Sister Benson mis- a moreforces in the world. And as the Book nations,

the people generally. with ture, and I sionary, It I think, than her husband. said, prophetof Mormon

appreciate the opportunity of visiting on seems to me we have been shipping

For it must needs be, that there is an ranches, farms, and plantations, getting Church books down there for days opposition in all things. (2 Nephi 2:11.) into the homes of the people and feelsince our return. We have sent many

ing of their warm spirit and their copies of our literature, mostly in re-

I am grateful that we have our free friendliness toward the people of the sponse to conversations which she had agency which to me is an eternal blessUnited States. with the gracious wives of the Presiing, an eternal principle. I recognize I think the outlook down there is most dents, ministers of agriculture, the amthat today Satan, the adversary, is still encouraging. Those countries are on bassadors, and others.

alert. He is not using the means of the march today, and they want to team I was pleased to meet our servicemen

persecution towards this people which up with the United States. They have in Puerto Rico from Ramsey Air Force

he once used, but he is still the enemy a deep love and respect for our people Base and from Fort Buchanan. In the

of truth, and he is using other methods here. They admire and respect our Virgin Islands where I met, as a memtoday. He is probably using the method technology, our methods, our free enterber of the Virgin Islands Corporation

of encouraging complacency. He is prise system. They are very anxious Board, I was surprised, as a certain

probably making an effort to lull us to raise the standards of living of their technician, an electrical engineer, was away into a false security because things own people by adopting the practices invited in to consult with us, to find seem well in Zion. One of the Book which we have followed in this counthat he was a member of the Church.

of Mormon prophets said this would be try. There is an economic awakening As similar experiences were repeated, I

the case in the last days. You rememin many of those countries, and I look thought of the comment made by a

ber Nephi's prediction when he said: for unheard of developments in the businessman from the northcentral

years ahead. I hope that those developstates sometime ago who registered in a

For behold, at that day shall he rage in ments will include an increase and a Washington hotel and asked if there the hearts of the children of men, and stir spread of the restored gospel. They are were any Mormons in Washington.

them up to anger against that which is moving, as it were, almost from the oneThe hotel clerk replied, "I suppose there good. caterpillar horse to the are. handplow to be everywhere."seem They

lull pacify, will others he and them And tractor overnight. are not doing there. They Well, I found them Not down security, into will that carnal theyaway

it transition the slow as with have very but a we almost many, few of them is in yea, prosAll wellsay: Zion, Zion

it here. is done In in everywhere! Trinidad, which is all the devilpereth, thus well—and

I like referred to they found to be orbit, British as the found souls, we leadeth a member theircheateth and them away carefully down to hell. Americans. They are very proud that of the Church serving as one of the

Therefore, wo be unto him that is at they have thousands of their students secretaries of the consulate. In Veneease in Zion! here in the United States learning our zuela we had received advance letters

Wo be unto him that crieth: All is well! way of life and learning of our agriculfrom one or two families expressing the

(Ibid., 28:2021, 2425.) ture and our technology. I found they hope that we might hold a service while

to learn that to I were very happy were there. had the Then when the we

Now, of course, the Church itself is Latterday Saints the Land, Promised the pleasure of addressing American

God's great instrument to build and to the land of Zion, includes all of North Chamber of Commerce in Caracas, who save and to exalt men everywhere, and South America. I was pleased to should be presiding there as president,

through the application of the simple find, too, that there is evidence that but one of our Mormon boys from principles of the gospel. It is a way of communism has largely failed in those Tooele, Utah. It was a great thrill as

life that will make men happy, and countries. True, there are some danger we went from Caracas over to Bar-

"men are, that they might have joy."spots, still, but there is evidence that quisimeto to have the opportunity of

This great instrument must withstand political stability is increasing. I was holding a service in a hotel room with

opposition and complacency. very much pleased as I visited personally representatives of three or four Mormon

The program of the Church, the miswith the Presidents of those republics, families in that area and to find that sion of the Church is to build character, to hear them speak out in support of the they were eager to get a Sunday School to lift men and women up, through principles of freedom which have meant started.

giving them an opportunity to particiso much to our great nation and our In Panama, in Costa Rica, in Nicarapate and take responsibility. It is our good neighbor to the north of us. gua, of course, we found groups of the

great privilege to learn of the truth and Our technical aid down'south is paySaints and missionaries. It was always

help to spread it to God's children ing off. They need technical assistance a great pleasure to see them t the air408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ports or to hold a brief meeting with How well I remember that meeting reOur message is a world message, my them or to join them for breakfast or ferred to by President Matis last night brethren and sisters and friends. In

lunch. I wish our busy schedule might far up in Larsmo, Finland. It was a that glorious first section in the Doctrine

have permitted us to spend more time small, isolated group, but the Spirit of and Covenants, given as a preface to the with those fine groups. Quite by acGod was present and touched the hearts Book of Commandments, the Lord had

cident, because of plane trouble, we of the people. So it will be everywhere these words to say, which I quote to you

stopped in Guatemala. We had the our people meet if we just remain true in closing:

opportunity during seven hours there, and faithful. God grant we may do so.

to lovely the view mission new home of saith church, people Hearken, ye my O influence to able our be make we May visit to chapeland long a and have high, of dwells voice and on him who felt for because in the world good we the

I all verily the yea,with are ambassador, eyes to hear men; and upon whose him to as serve the leaven help which must

afar; ye say: ye people from and Hearken in praisespeak people. In about our rightis to leaven the world with going listen of sea, the are islands that the upon Ifact, pleased was that everywhere we is that large our eousness. measure, In together. of. to find thewent well spoken Church mission.

We completed our little two and a So, my brethren, may we prepare, as allFormen,verilyand thetherevoiceis noneof theto Lordescape;is untoand

half weeks swing by spending a Sabbath elders in Israel, to help enlarge and to there is no eye that shall not see, neither day in Mexico City with President and strengthen the boundaries of Zion, enear that shall not hear, neither heart that

Sister Bowman and the missionaries large her stakes, and build up the kingshall not be penetrated. (Ibid., 1:1-2.)

and the Saints in a large gathering dom. God expects us to arise and

there. Later the next day, as I visited shine because we are the salt of the These are sobering words, words from

with the President of that republic, he earth, the light of the world, and I the Master, Jesus the Christ, through expressed surprise and apparently believe the hope of the world because his Prophet, Joseph Smith, to all God's seemed somewhat pleased to find the we are the stewards of the revealed children.

number of people we have right in Mextruth of God.

ico City of our faith. He had known The Lord has made it very clear in May we not be at ease in Zion. We

of our people in the Colonies, and he the revelations. "Verily I say unto you have a tremendous responsibility. This

spoke highly of the Church and its all,"he said, back in 1838, "Arise and is God's work, my brethren and sisters people. shine forth, that thy light may be and friends, and I give you my testilives, that I know God

that God, he hears So, I might go on, my brothers and standard115:5.) for the nations."(D. & C. thatmonyhetodayis a Personalthat

Isisters. friendly too, found, very a prayers. answers that and Jesus I know earlier, to a six years he said Andpress, as President reported. is has Christ, the McKay world, the of the Redeemer struggling small then Church, in num-I think there not loaded queswas one of Brother, the Elder our Savior manbers, inflicted persecutions; with

all in oftion to press conus the put too, kind. that I know, Smith Joseph

ferences that we had. It was not unFor Zion must increase in beauty, and is and was a Prophet of God, an instrucommon at the end of an hourlong in holiness; her borders must be enlarged; ment in the hands of the Almighty in

press conference to have representatives her stakes must be strengthened; yea, verily ushering in this the last and the greatof the press gather around after we had I say unto you, Zion must arise and put est of all gospel dispensations. The

discussed agriculture, and say, "Now, on her beautiful garments. (Ibid., 82:14.) priesthood has been restored; the truth

Mr. Secretary, we would like to turn to is here in its fulness. I know it as I

another subject. We would like you to What are those garments? Those garknow that I live, and I thank God for

tell us something about the Church."ments are the garments of righteousness, that testimony, and pray his blessings

It was always a great pleasure, of course, the garments of devotion to the truth upon all of us, in the name of Jesus to tell them something about the history, the gospel in action. Christ. Amen.

the organization, and the doctrine of the

Church.

So, my brethren and sisters—and I'venot even mentioned Colombia—it seems

to me that we have a great opportunity now, as the Church moves out into the world. The Church has a wonderful

reputation. It is well thought of. It is

wellknown. It is so important today

that all of our people, whoever they are and whatever they are, live the gospel,that they keep the commandments of No Greater Joy

God. And if they are isolated, it is

important that they arrange to hold services in their own homes, that they invite in their neighbors to their Sunday Schools, that they might help to by Oscar A. Kirkham

spread the gospel. In my humble OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

judgment, the world is hungry for true religion, and we have it.

I am sure, my brethren and sisters, that in the days ahead, many will accept of the truth, particularly in the trust the Lord will be with me and Christ, that he may receive the gift of countries that I have just had the opporbless me as I address you. the Holy Ghost and hold worthily the

tunity to visit. I In the Third Epistle of John, the Holy Priesthood.

fourth verse, are these words:

I remember, as you do also, occasions The other evening a lad came to our where we have met with just a hand- I have no greater joy than to hear that home. He was accompanying a high

ful of people in an isolated area, and my children walk in truth. priest. They were our ward teachers.

how the Lord was there with his Spirit. The high priest said as he addressed

I remember meeting the Saints, way up The greatest gift that can come to a us, "Brother Kirkham, we have a little in Selbongen, East Prussia, right after boy, as I review the humble experiences message for you from our bishop conthe war and in isolated places in Holof my own life, is that he may have cerning our religion."The message was

land. I remember meeting the Saints good guidance, that he may sense a faith given. We felt the spirit of it. It was

in Czechoslovakia, just small groups. in God, and enjoy the gospel of Jesus simple and sincere. I thanked them,

JUNE 1955 409 unison say those inspired words, moved

Oscar A. Kirkham Continued me deeply inside. I was so thrilled that

young people could stand and say and life eternal that believe that hath "he it off for priest to peg "No, not the did the you?"then turned high "They boy

is rich."sir."to said friend boy, theof in fourteen, the a teacher Aaronic Then my I in wife were South and my When straight in things said, "You'llPriesthood, say plow you many "John, and a the recently, kind same had America we

life. for his Brother Goodbye."prayer and Kirkham sons thrill of there your because saw we

appreciativefamily."were and We friend by. years Several went diffiMy daughters, under sometimes and

forlistened, that have no know we we a to Iowa. by again was met came He circumstances cult adverse even and

joygreater that than walk to know we fine in this a time automogentleman, of their glory in the young standing truth.in bile. in these being remember you "Do glory in the and womanhood, manhood

in elevator the our on Coming down I parts years "Yes, twelve ago?"about this in in their of Church, membership

office a day, other the building young of here straight a in note a have book my for of missionaries the glory being the said, recognized he "This andman me field in furrow an a plowed by open preof languages in speak Son God, is Brother mother, Kirkham. I'm my said "I the don't boy.""Well,"man, testibearing to viously them, unknown

mission.just has from back She my to to these anything say peoyou want of of restoration of the gospel the mony

for I've while continuouslyworked me I this incident, ple the but about am were! Christ. wehappy Oh, how How kept me. She has She away. sawbeen I city. this of to to say mayor want felt presence, in their and humble we

to every pay checkthat month came my I I that plow. you, behind was was this conviction great to us again came

expenses. the Lord Now,my being that boy. journeyed over You on the that the youth of Zion are a great peo-

a mission. is goingwilling, on Mother hill that your way. on day you What ple.

gift greatestI will her way."pay The straight said as chatted 'The about we I reflect of Zion, the youth upon As

is life to in early be to usthat comes lingered furrow'through with has me I reflect also the from upon which homes to the truths, do and in simpleguided I years. to these that you wanted know I great that they come. homes know

PresiFather. As of ourwill Heavenly given encourthose have few words me great people. Those produce homes

this to us morning, saiddent McKay since that ever day."agement this goods, world's rich in not need be

simple, those with are concerned"We if of rich in are the they but wisdom into great philosophize; delve we We us."that helpvital boy things That rich are indeed, they and young God, lives, things enrich but our truths—these or tonight morning tomorrow meetyou as in people such homes grow up who still it is efare that things simple to say you next what and theor day are people. great those young fective. greater joy than "have no Wethe is allimportant. for do him andhim at recall Savior that the time one You in children truth."that hear our to walk in day I one a Iowa boy who know "... said: forth tree bringeth every good

field. this bless joy us that did in open plowing an may He God Maywas I fruit."(Matt. that 7:17.) good know

disthat ever very ours a that ever at apbe time and the we maynot know tree a occasionally even a good from of sacred passing the the words Lord by, preciate gentleman wastinguished fall, fruit of piece as the and may

Scriptures in the as said, in that and given Holy furrow the "Thebut man of all the with prodigal earth, the go way live truth, simplicity the straight so that field courage and plowed wasopen great does the but that not unchange first I Christ. of the in the pray stop. Jesus plow name to you DidI had fact that tree derlying "every good

furrow in this field?""Yes,"said he. Amen. bringeth forth good fruit."

As I have studied your young people and mine, I have come to the conclusion that they are great because by and large they come from great homes. It

has been my observation that where young people are active in the Church, as a general rule they come from homes where parents also are active in the

Monday Morning Session, April 4, 1955 Church.

Now, there are some exceptions, I know, but I say as a general rule great homes produce great young people.

Parents who are active in the Church usually produce children who are active "Every Good in the Church, again proving the truth of the Savior's words that "every good tree bringeth forth good fruit."

TREE''restButof IthewouldSavior'slikewordsto readin thatto youquotathe tion. He said: "Every good tree bringby Mark E. Petersen ethbringethforth forthgood evilfruit;fruit."but a {Ibid.,corrupt7:17.)tree

OP THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Now what about the meaning of those words? Do homes which are not classed

as good homes produce evil young peoit thrilling, brothers and sisters, stood up in that meeting and gave the ple? And if they do, who must bear

Isn'tto hear these glorious young people MIA theme for this year. I wish you the blame?

sing praises to God and express their could have heard them because they There have been many public opintrust in him? It gives you a wonderful spoke with such clarity. They were in ion polls taken in the United States, as

feeling of confidence, doesn't it, to know almost perfect unison, and as they said you know, and I suppose they have that the rising generation, is made up of these words, it gave me a great thrill: touched almost every subject under the

such marvelous young people. sun. There is not very much left unfor for riches and Seek but not wisdom, covered the time through. by they get wife and weeks ago my Two of shall mysteries I had behold, the unbe God a meeting of attending astonished shocked I have been opportunity andthe shall folded you, then be unto and youof some hundreds of M Men and Gleaner made rich. Behold, he that hath eternal at one of these public opinion polls

Girls, and there again we were impressed life is rich. (D. & C. 6:7.) which indicates that there is a higher

with the fact that our young people are percentage of drinkers of alcoholic great. Those hundreds of young people As I say, hearing those voices in beverages in the age group of fifteen to

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thirty years than other in any age group. all children to take the his discussion gave point in a new me one in twenty"This particular poll indicated sixtythat chance alcoholic?'of becoming an his subject, of with and view on an old

seven percent of American young people Then he said, "Seventy percent of the permission I would like to mention it from fifteen to thirty years of age use chronic alcoholics in the United States here.

alcoholic as teenagers."drinking beverages occasionally or more started Stapley about the Brother was talking

or less regularly. In studies that have been made with fact that children cannot be tempted Now these studies, and others, tell regard to smoking habits, the same type the devil before they are eight years byof

us where these young people learn to of thing has been developed. It is disage because the Lord has not given

drink. Again I was astonished to learn covered that by and large smoking Satan that right. Just suppose that there

that the majority of the American young parents have smoking children, and abwas a basketball game, and for eight people who drink liquor learn to drink staining parents, by and large, have minutes one of the teams was ruled off from their own parents. abstaining children. The same thing the floor while the remaining team

A number of studies, as I say, have is true with Church activity, as I have stayed in there and pitched as many been made on this subject, some of them already indicated. If parents reject baskets as it could for eight minutes,

among college students, some among religious activity, their children generally and every basket would count. Just

high school students, and even some reject religious activity. If, on the other think about that.

as out, parents hand,elementary pointed students have we have been brought there a football suppose game was And into active are study. the enthusiastic faithful and and of the studies One ruled of was the in teams one which

their responsibilities, having about to do Church with college students inditouch- field other the as off while the made cated likewise that rule the children are eightyfive percent of the a every eight minutes, and for active. downs drinking definite students some And so we may reach have drinking parents. it could count, and would touchdown

that This study, say where and same which included inconclusions any opwithout these touchdowns parents make their formation expect children smoke they can on students who abstain from team. Just the other position from

the use of liquor, said that seventyseven to smoke. Where parents drink, they think what kind of score it could

percent of the students who abstain from may expect their children to drink. develop!

activity religious parentsthe use of liquor deny Where both have parents who athletics, but in that get not do You interest, abstain their they chilexpect and can from the of use liquor. Isn't

of it your rearing the in get do you interest. to religious that dren a great lesson? deny majority of The

first eight the during because children studies the these drinking have same gone students drink Now because their right lives, no has their Satan years of into questions: theparents drink. people do majority of Why The the abchildren. those to tempt power and no I drink? staining people do smoke? students do have parents Why who sin, if they If you are tempted, they his abstain. eyes not anybody, with open, know

else besides to somebody blame have that drinking suppose of would these studies would who One was conducted first years eight those Satan. During or in that good, the state of do any smoking him would Idaho the by department field left the the without are in you good. the socialof do merchants any studies him Even of the of University training of in of the Satan opposition of are theseIdaho, commodities changing the figures now and sustain the geneight years you children. For can your the claims in advertising thateral results as they some obtained in other studies characters, their detrain them, mold I for are person. a good therein eastern remember States. United found They to faith, their teach them velop and to a time they usedthat adverwas the drinking when of habits folstudents his to to keep love pray, and God, and tise for that digessmoking good was exactly almostlow the drinking habits interferwithout any commandments, tion, I not since theyof do but any parents. more just quote line one from Satan. opposition or from ence any that doctors discovered thetheir report: tobacco have

"The proportions of students who is one of the very worst things for your Have you ever thought of it that way?

drank are approximately equal to the stomach, and that whether you smoke I hadn't until Brother Stapley menproportions of parents who drank with or chew the tobacco, you can get tioned it, but I was glad he did because, the knowledge of the students."stomach ulcers from it, and you can as I say, it gave me a new point of view.

In eastern United States a study was develop cancer of the stomach from the The first eight years of a child's life in made along the same lines. After the ulcers. So tobacco companies have a Latterday Saint home form the golden

completion of the survey those who constopped advertising about how good for age for parents in the rearing of theirducted it reported: "It certainly is not your digestion it is if you smoke cigarets. children—a golden age when Mother

surprising to find a tendency for students Why do people smoke, and why do and Father may set them the proper to follow the example of their parents they drink? According to these surexample, and play with them, and pray

in deciding whether or not to drink."veys, it is because they think it is smart. with them, and enjoy them, and deDr. Andrew C. Ivy, head of the deThey think it is popular. They think velop Christlike traits of character in

partment of clinical science at the Uniit is the thing to do because the Joneses their children without the opposition versity of Illinois, recently wrote an artiand others they happen to know and of Satan.

cle in the magazine, Life and Health, regard as smart also smoke or drink. Have you that kind of home? In

entitled, "Why I Don't Drink."He For that reason they think they should your home are you setting up the circommented on the fact that there are take up the habit, and because parents cumstances and the surroundings whereover sixty million drinkers in the United who are blinded by this false notion of by those children can get the most out

States, and after discussing that horrible popularity lead their children, who are of this golden age? Are you doing all

fact, asked this question: "Who can blinded by the bad example of their you can while you do not have the

save future citizens from drink?"He parents, they both fall into the ditch. interference of Satan to train those

answered, "The fathers and mothers of So we can begin to see the truth in children? Or, on the other hand, are

today's children."the Savior's words, can't we, that a coryou careless enough so that you tempt

And then he said this: "Children, rupt tree will bring forth evil fruit. I your own children, so that you will

teenagers, and college students drink ask you parents if you have the right to lead them into paths of sin, so that you and do other things that harm their gamble with the future lives and happiteach them by your own bad example bodies, characters, and lives largely beness of your children. If we set our how to do the things of the world?

cause their parents do. If we are going children an example which is almost Well, I come back again to the

to reverse the trend to moral decline sure to lead to failure, what is our reSavior's words: "... every good tree

and degeneration in our country, mothsponsibility? If we should lead our own bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt

ers as well as fathers are going to have children into disaster, would we ever tree bringeth forth evil fruit."(Matt.

to correct their own irresponsible beforgive ourselves? 7:17.)

havior."Two weeks ago Brother [Delbert L.] May our homes be good homes, from

He goes on to say, "The question for Stapley and I happened to have the which we may send good young people, parents to answer is: 'Has drinking alcoprivilege of being in the same confertrained and reared in the gospel of

holic beverages contributed so much to ence together. Brother Stapley there deChrist, is my humble prayer, in his

my happiness that I want my child and livered one of his wonderful talks, and holy name. Amen.

JUNE 1955 411 I like the words of Robert Burns, the great Scotch poet:

They never sought in vain who sought the

Prayer Makes the LordI testifyaright. to you these words are true.

As we seek the Lord aright, we shall not seek in vain. Jesus so taught. He said:

of of you shall any ask bread son If a Difference stone? is a will he give him a father, that

or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent?

by John Longden Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE himIf yea scorpion?then, being evil, know how to give

good gifts unto your children: how much

more shall your heavenly Father give the

Holy Spirit to them that ask him? (Luke

"y dear brothers and sisters, I am was grateful that he was not an extor11:1113.)

grateful as I accept humbly this tioner. not an adulterer. was He He again in this has revealed Lord The great responsibility assignandIff tithes his paid his and offerings. He and in the Doctrine as recorded day,

ment this morning, and testify to you fasted and he prayed, and he was not Covenants in several sections (and that without the assistance of my Heavlike unto this Jowly publican. I would commend your reading the

enly Father I would not even be able twentieth, the thirtyfirst, the sixtyfirst, to stand here. I am grateful this And the publican, standing afar off, would the sixtyeighth, and the ninetythird,

morning for faith in the gospel of Jesus not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, which deal with this great power of

Christ. I am grateful this morning for but smote upon his breast, saying, God be prayer) that we should pray constantly,

faith in a divine, Living God; in the merciful to me a sinner. earnestly, and sincerely that we be not

as so beautihas into temptation, led of hisdivine Christ. mission Son, Jesus I tell this his to you, went down man this by us fully morning given been

I for faith grateful justified for gospel that the other: rather the than house am are told should Petersen. Elder we Weto shall exalteth that himself he abased; be itsof in restored Christ Jesus has been to pray to children and our teach how

that exhimself shall be he and humbleth I reflectfulness, at this and on moment before the Lord. uprightly walk

alted. 18:1314.) (Luke referred ofttimes of to David,the words within people to tell the young I want

as the Psalmist David, as recorded in the sound of my voice that it is nothing the twentyseventh Psalm: We must have the spirit of humility to be ashamed of that you humble youras we seek God through this channel of self before the Lord in prayer. It is

The Lord is my light and my salvation; prayer to give thanks unto him for all not a sign of weakness. I testify to you

whom shall I fear? the Lord is the strength the blessings which are ours, particuthat it is a sign of great strength, for

of my life; of whom shall I be afraid? larly we, as members of the Church of the Lord will be your light and your

(Psalms 27:1.) Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, that salvation. He is ever ready to assist

of in righteousthe to continue path us in his great membership have Church fail us. ness. not does He heart fear in the of the and was There no church but the man, we—not I prayer. of for grateful the power am I believe for he Christ, because his was it bears of David of Jesus Churchmind

I I last as thrilled attended August was faith implicit name. man.a prayerful He had to in conference Angeles the Los MIA

his Father, thus he was andin God, in witness action. prayer were They principle of prayer, the the Regarding

as in experience forth he to one goable fifteen of preparing a chorus hunhuge himself, the Savior, asked Master by was Goliath. giant, Philistine, the thefaced in voices to the dred appear Hollywood his disciples others, and "Teach us how there great lesson recall the singers will their Bowl. young had had TheYou

shall pray, to pray?"and we how He prayer, just cut concert the and about was would indicated he Goliathwhere

replied: It to privilege to begin. ready was my fowls to the feed him andDavid up

stage go wonderful, back the with though even beasts. David, theand therefore After pray this manner ye: Our directors prayerful accomhumble, and comparison, of stature by small washe art in heaven, Father Hallowed which be little panists. this of purpose The

of Heavenly our assistance the thyhad name. to for his gathering seek the Lord was

come. kingdom Thy his Son, Jesus Christ, and he Thy will be doneFather and sustaining strength power. Here and

as it is in earth, in heaven. Goliath: tosaid degrees their were musicians with and

Give us this day our daily bread. their letters in music, who still relied on

And is to ever forgive us our debts, as we forgive Almighty present and a sword, with to God, who comest me Thou debtors. our to bless, to encourage, build. shield: but I come So they and a with a spear, andwith

us lead into temptation, not debut And their of hosts, assignment went of forth upon the with Lord the in nameto thee is liver evil: us thine kingthe from For assurance that Israel, they of the humble thou were armies of the whomthe God the glory, for power, the dom, and and their not performing duties alone. 17:45.) (I Sam. defied.hast ever. 6:9-13.) (Matthew Amen.

Seventeen thousand five hundred persons

And therein was the strength of David We have there a simple prayer, a wereformance,witnessesand I ofbearanwitnessoutstandingto you thatperbecause he had not defied God. He was prayer that points the way to the throne our Father did hear and answer their

willing to live in submission to the of God, our Eternal Father, the Father prayer.

teachings of righteousness. I am sure of our spirits. The Savior further I should like to give you in conclusion

there was no spirit of arrogance in the taught: an experience that came to my attention

mind of David at that time, but he was two days after the passing of that great a humble, prayerful man. Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and prophet of God, Elder Matthew Cowley.

We have a lesson in the attitude of yeuntoshallyou:find; knock, and it shall be opened Itthirtyfivewas givenor tofortymeyearsby a beforeman whohad somebeen

prayer as given by the Master in the For every one that asketh receiveth; and district president of Brother Cowley

parable of the Pharisee and the pubhe that seeketh findeth; and to him that down in New Zealand as he labored

lican. We are told that the Pharisee knocketh it shall be opened. {Ibid,, 7:7-9.) with those Maori people. Fie had only

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been out for two and one half months, and a district missionary conference was called. In one of those sessions, the

morning session, Brother Cowley had The an opportunity to speak. As the story

has been related to me, he spoke for fifteen or twenty minutes in a fluent First

Maori tongue, so much so that it amazed the older Maori people in the congregaof the tion.

After the meeting, the district presiSeventy dent and Brother Cowley were walking to a Maori home to partake of food between the sessions, and the district president said, "How did you do it?"

Brother Cowley asked, "Do what?"Levi Edgar Young

"How did you master this Maori language in such a short time?"A young

missionary, seventeen years of age!

Brother Cowley said, "When I came here I did not know one word of Maori, but I decided I was going to learn twenty new words each day, and I did.

But when I came to put them together,

I was not successful."By this time they

were passing a cornfield, and Brother

Cowley said, "You see that cornfield? I

went out there, and I talked to the Lord, but before that, I fasted, and that night

I tried again, but the words just didn't seem to jell. So the next day I fasted

again, and I went out into that cornfield, and I talked to the Lord. Again, I Antoine R. Ivins Oscar A. Kirkham S. Dilworth Young

tried that night with a little moresuc- cess. On the third day I fasted again,

and I went out into the cornfield, and

I talked to the Lord. I told the Lord

that I believed his Church and kingdom had been established upon the earth; that men had the authority to

proclaim the fulness of the gospel of

Jesus Christ which pertained to the salvation and exaltation of our Heavenly

Father's children. I told him that I

had been called by this same authority to fill a mission, but if this was not the mission in which I was to serve to please make it known because I wanted to serve where I could accomplish the greatest amount of good."Milton R. Hunter Bruce R. McConkie Marion D. Hanks

That was the spirit of Brother Cowley.

He said, "The next morning, as we knelt in family prayer in that Maori by the headhome, I was called upon

I tried The Gospel of toof the household be mouth.

to speak in English, and I could not.

When I tried in Maori, the words just flowed forth, and I knew that God had and this answered was my prayer where GOOD WORKS lad I seventeen should serve."A young

of age! years

by President Levi Edgar Young Brothers and sisters, friends of the radio and television audience, I bear OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY witness to you in all humility and sincerity that God does today hear and I speak these few minutes, Father in heaven. Then comes selfif hearts will prayer put our answer we selfdirection. we Whether the Spirit of the Lord discipline, I have Whilemay

Spirit his lives in with tune and our professional are teachers of the gospel or to direct me.

and with his commandments. I rejoice with you in the great mes-. men, we can and should dedicate our-

I humbly pray that we may continue sages we have heard from our First selves to help our children to develop to exercise and take advantage of this Presidency on the important question their potentialities for good, for truth, great invitation which the Lord has exof teaching and the proper training of for love, for beauty, and above all, tended, that we may humble ourselves our children. The first thing we should reverence for God.

in prayer, teach our children to pray, teach our children is respect for all Our young people must be educated that they may have the strength and the human beings. All are children of God. to think clearly and deeply, and students

light of Jesus Christ in their lives. I Man is made in the image of God. Reof schools and universities should be

bear witness to you that these things spect for all men leads to a love for law taught that the famous authors and are true, in the name of Jesus Christ, and order. In the home is taught philosophers of the world have produced

our Savior. Amen. obedience to the loving directions of our {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 413 Levi Edgar Young Continued fulGod.is Theythe vitalityare goodofmen,goodness.and wonderMen

are keeping faith and virtue and are for happiness the and freedom workingwritings of consists in correct diKingdom The which the and God God is discipline race. of Their the human it principles; mattereth not a and what ofvinity are of the man. reminded glorifyWe to the of heart loyalty man's the each is; religious faith man's whether he be a ofwords said: Schurz, Carl he when

for aulook voice of These God. Presbyterian, Baptist, Methodist, or a or men a like "Ideals stars; are will sucnot you

or or for Saint principles, govLatter-day divine or thority, a for a "Mormon,"inceed touching with hands. your them Campbellite, or or Catholic, Episco- a an thoughts, noble ernment. have They like a seafaringBut the desert on man palian, or or or pagan, even Mohometan, aspirations, beautiful sentiments, worthy of waters, as choose your you them if else, will knee, anything the he and bow happier for living true a and courageousguides, will following them, and you is his confess tongue with that Jesus the

life. not has that know They Godreach destiny."your Christ, will support and wholegood and nor the himself world separated from for of society, regulation the laws some It of teach gospel the works. good We need. lightly anyone's regard does he hail brother, will as a stand and him we by is it is excellent; ennobling; that but "lighteth is light true a which There while in stands these things; us he him by is all. not to his to owes and God Man into the world"that every cometh is for religious every faith man a man's matter

hisfellow not only conduct, but men,. in rich.. promise. saying his a soul his 1:9), alone. between (John and own God

hisalso thoughts, to not only much, do ask eternal preeminence; of principles no we his want no reveals We God

also to as think aright tobut honor, preeminence; us, placed but has where God discerning life have to good who men

integrity, honesty. and is, there will stand; to that and be we one has faith. world vision deep The and

our brethren, with brethren our are and the of the true value it To understand has such such always men men; had

that those of the keep commandments God, ofideals the they people American when today. the is of will our and do Father in who of theirthink of the government United there history of has been our In all heaven; stand, and will by them we andStates, recall the character one must of persecution by will in the of with in dwell nothing them in time way and we

the people who settled these shores in eternity. (Journal History, Dec. 23, 1847.) the Latterday Saints of other people,

century.the seventeenth brought "They the Prophtaught by been have but we

the did nobly little Prophet Joseph ships, their inhither not How money, beginning, the et Smith from Joseph this declare ideal said: Smith he array ofnot merchandise, when armed no all are that to him, spoke when God

reforce, freighted with but they came should that of and children we God the. privilege claim of worshiping Weligion, Spirit learning, the law, and testithe love and with to according of Almighty dictates the approach them of God

God. They stepped forth upon the our own conscience, and allow all men the mony that God lives and that Jesus is

shore, and a wild and frowning wildersame privilege, let them worship how, the Christ, the Redeemer of the world.

in receivedness Strong them."their where, or what they may. (Eleventh Article

Someday, he will be found again of Faith.) theirfaith combat in God, they began

for people thirsting the whom among Disease danger hardship.with and

back died. he lived As came and not. fainted but theysmote them,

of faith the after to confirm his death At menIt iswalkingto be rememberedthe earth andthat beckoningthere are he the to eattimes nothing they but hadroots of the plants they gathered. They us to follow them to the future—not his disciples, and to comfort their desoto again abreast of of us. Religion so will he late hearts, come us, but ahead for forfirst built houses God and then

of and in blessed his explains the earth establish heaven; kingdom them as men schools establishedthemselves. They

so spiritually of peace. reign as to in the be usher endowed May we strong morality a which men developedand

I inspiration able to of for mankind, respond the a love to the with be blessed characteristic. their principal alwayswas

They educated their children to a high infinite, which they know comes from ask in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

faith in God. Villages began to smile;

churches arose; industries multiplied;

colleges were established; and every

town had a democratic government for all to take part. The states that were

formed grew into a nation with noble,fundamental ideas of government. And The Time Is Now

so came our own United States, 'the most democratic government in the history of the world. What a glorious history our by Carl TV. Buehner

early country had, for religious people went not only to New England, but we OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC have also the Quakers and the Methodsettling religiousists other groups and sisters, at this are dear brethren they coming day and but every Atlantic the Coast.along spirit so world. exthe and nervous from moment I am came,here—messengers others, this believe MY reason For and we I life cited this don't in mortal live here whether know Then they my

that honest inquiry into any field of sermon has been delivered yet or not. a few years, some a very short time,

knowledge should be encouraged. But I have been deeply moved by the powermaybe a few hours, a few days, a few

one should always have for a guiding ful discourses given during the course years, and for the best of us not too thought his need for beauty, for goodof this conference. I am grateful to be many years.

ness, for love, and the communion with one of you. I have all but been lifted Then we leave this life. People every

the divine. "To me,"says Dr. Green of out of this world and made to feel very day leave this life, returning again to

Yale University, "truth, beauty, goodclose to the other side, not only because the presence of our Heavenly Father.

ness, and Deity are ultimate objects of of the experience I am having at this They can speak. They can report. They

our search, as is nature for the scientist. moment, but also because of the woncan tell of our faithfulness and of how

I am profoundly impressed by the witderful things that have been said and the work is progressing here in this ness of sincerely and intelligently rethe Spirit by which they have been life.

ligious folk, the saints and prophets of spoken. In the past few days I learned of a

the great religions, that man can enThen I begin to feel that maybe we person whose remaining days in morcounter Deity, and find in that Deity a are not very far from the other side at tality have been measured out to him.

source of understanding and comfort."any time, after all. Reference has been They said he could only live one

In a General Epistle of the Council made to the spirits that come here every more week. Then I thought about

of the Twelve Apostles of the Church day to inhabit these little new bodies, others—those I have read about in the

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, isthese spirits, pure, sweet, innocent. They newspapers, some who, it has been

sued December 23, 1847, at Winter cannot speak to us. They cannot tell said, could only live another month, or

Quarters and signed by President Brigus of the great experience that they had a few months, or some, perhaps a year.

ham Young, we have these words: in the sphere from which they just I began to wonder what I would do if

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA someone said to me, "Your days are tains to our spiritual life. One is the than it is when one leaves this life remeasured. You will only live here one broad road that leads to destruction and turning to the other side.

more week, or one more month,"realizdamnation—the other, the straight and I hope, brethren and sisters, we will

ing the great work there is to do and narrow road that leads to life eternal. all have a desire to make our trip a

all that I all might have done, that of our presence the get round Often I feel when we detour trip—from we

I should have done, presand time now to the again Father back Heavenly is off the straight path, and narrow and out. running I I do? What would Father. must of our Heavenly ence lose time. actually time. waste we We I think, sisters, brethren possibly and I would longer. In closing, take thing that do not the the do Lord not We

first is the thing try to do I would told that I have a story relate like to to expects inherit us to great the do make peace with everyone that I have blessings that he has in store for us. a number of times, which some of you

learned to know, and I would do some Therefore, I would suggest to every have heard before, but it has a point fast it repenting, even though not might it consideration. to worth of the Church, that while member we

effective. It very be better be would is out golfer It went the about who cannot of length the change time we to in a be repentant all time. the ball his mood placed golf course the and on live in mortality, change can what we

I is sure for time you, measured am drove his club and raised tee. a on He at with do the time our have we we

all for for of us. me, and not fairway, Maybe and the ball the down way disposal. the Keep commandments. Be in so it, it not have many the in we finally was found he when loyal to days—perhaps of the leadership the Church.

told been will days yet many stepped how we anthill. large of a center He of build the Help our kingdom up live earth, this certainly upon of but it, out club we another to took close up tithes. Father. Heavenly your Pay Pay

of great the that know work ball. must we at the He his bag, swung and offerings. your

still are while here. do third Someone we it a tore out about and missed

of Security paying the from comes I lines these wrote little few that thought a anthill. stepped of up the He

to tithes! belongs Everything have we rather interesting: were swung his club raised closer. and He of said, tenth Lord. a the "Return He ball again the time. missed second a He

of giving increase."tenth a For your live to Suppose seventy. you be How other anthill the the mutilated on and

it great blessings us is it? promises he backlong of years that span many How ants the remaining that side. time By

of reallywill blessings great return to for tenth a eight what count? Allow hours very anthill in much the became

lie of diffiinout twentyfour us, you a ungiven which have has and he many to happening at alarmed was whatconscious, asleep in Subtract bed. its your importance. cult time understanding friends, relatives, their their their homes,kid age. days old your the and Deduct filled evil in a with Living and world leaders their together called they and sicknessdays puts of out the you when it is to easy do not always temptations, solution. for a mohurriedly very A is seventy yearsgame, very long not and

I do. things should the we we know report: this leaders later the made ment all, it is is it?after all the time you've But

spirits refer to to the coming again wish bet- "If saved, to be yougot. had it? want you to are going with you do What

Life is time. Kill time and you commit from the spirit world, inhabiting little ter get on the ball."

suicide. Footprints in the sands of time mortal bodies to live a life under these Think it over, brethren and sisters.

are not made by sitting down. When the conditions. I am particularly interested I think that would fit our lives in many

Great Referee calls time, have something in one of these at this very moment, for ways. Think it over, and then conform

worth while to show. I am expecting my thirteenth grandyour lives with the time that has been

child. right being straight born It might be the at allotted to Stay you. on

I life mortality here in think our short It this afterthis be moment. might leads back that us and narrow pathway

is like journey. a taking something to noon, and be in the days it might of the presence again into our Heavenly

journey of taken a long have youMany follow. this think of the As I journey great to the enjoy Father with him

getto conference, to here and you are little spirit travel I will in mortality, blessings the faithof the righteous and going to take one to return to your think of the anxiety existing in the spirit ful.

travel week. of every ushomes. Many as spirit world farewell they bid to a this to every each That and come may books on get get maps, road weWe life. to to this come I mourning of sincerely The pray us and one and humbly

aretravel, discover where we and we grief sorrow greater and be must Christ. of in the much Jesus Amen. name

a travel asgoing, often down but we highway, we come to an intersection that is not very well marked, and we do not know which way to turn. Often

we get on a detour, and we travel an hour or.two hours or three hours or ahundred miles or two hundred miles Message of the

before we discover we are lost.

Then we have to turn around and come back. Have you ever discovered

when you return to the point whereyou begin your detour that that time RESTORATION is lost? You cannot turn your watch

back. You cannot turn time back. We

have just lost two hours or four hours by Marion D. Hanks

or two hundred miles of that journey, OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY and it is gone forever.

I think sometimes some of us traveling this mortal life of ours are doing should like to join briefly with stopped their landing here. They had

some detouring. We are not coming to Brother Petersen in commending and to go back to Denver and then on back

as faithfully bearing of faith witness as we should.our meetings in the to their since my these (except base two),

of people the commandments are not keeping in this Iyoung day. the Church they there this morning. to be had TheyWe

of our Heavenly Father all the way. We Ten days ago I met with a great conmissed, the twentyfive, the blessing of

are not doing all the things that the ference of servicemen -at the Lackland being here, yet their faith in coming

Lord has asked us to do—we are deAir Force Base near San Antonio. It evidenced their courage, their devotion,

touring, we are losing time, and that was a marvelous experience and one and the great loyalty they and their time can never be made up again. That which I appreciated and was grateful generation have for the Church.

time is lost. for. Yesterday I met two of those fine I am grateful I am connected closely

I have learned, too, that while there young men in this conference; they had to them and with them in bonds of

are many roads that come to Salt Lake flown in from Lackland with some love and faith in God and the message

City to bring you to general conference, twentyfive others. Unfortunately the of the great restoration.

according to the scriptures there are only storm that prevented the delivery of Notwithstanding the pressures of this two roads that we can travel as it perour flowers for this conference also (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 415 man whom I have revered and whose

Marion D. Hanks continued works I have read since I was a boy.

Says he: experience, I sat yesterday afternoon alwhich has been available to the knowlmost wishing I might be called in order edge of these and other men since the Vital religion cannot be maintained and that I might then bear timely testimony days of the Prophet of God who died preserved on the theory that God dealt with ages, past far race in the only our human intolof at the hands year 1844 in the toof appreciation the two who men is evidence only the Bible that the we and preachteaching, neighbors. erent session. The Since at prayers thatoffered the is revealing, living, a that our have God should the of I ing, leadership Churcb last in conference, have had metwe If spoke, ever he God. communicating God

as it in Christ's today of Church be done touring of blessing two I wonderfulthe is is still great the speaking. Am, Hethe great missions of this Church which was done in his day—by the humble not the great He Was.

are presided over by those two men, members of the Church, laymen holdPresident Peter J. Ricks and President ing the priesthood and authority of God. This truth, so majestic and magnifiClaudious Bowman. I should like to say These and other truths are here availcent and basically important, is a truth

of them and the many like them and able to men, and the world is beginwhich has been available anew to manthe thousands who serve with them ning to learn some of them. kind since 1820, when a humble, simple

through the call of the Lord, that they Last weekend, a counselor in one of boy had enough humility and enough are common and humble men in the the great stakes I had the privilege of real love of truth to seek from his very finest sense of those terms, but visiting called attention to certain recent Father in heaven a manifestation of that they have uncommon faith and articles dealing with the way a chapel those things he needed to know, to uncommon courage and uncommon digought to be built, saying that in our find his place, his purpose, and his connity in the great work they do. As I day churches are coming to the conclustructive work in life.

thought of them I thought of some sion that chapels ought to be built with The answer is that God does live, words of Thomas Carlyle. I went home classrooms attached and with recreathat the Savior is the great I Am;

and copied them last night: tional facilities. he has always been, he shall always be.

I say to these good and honest people God's truths are revealed to men when of earof the restoraseeking beginning will the price that from the they pay First, no third. honor and men I Two

Lord, acto it has gospel finding, willing of the tion nestly, of the being and that with earthcraftsman toilwornthe made implement laboriously conquers the been known that the gospel was meant cept, and accepting, then dedicating earth and makes her man's. A second man to take care of the full life of man; themselves consistently and loyally to

I honor and still more highly: him who is and whenever they find a Latterday him and to his cause.

seen toiling for the spiritually indispensable, Saint chapel fully completed and dedi- I am grateful that I have been, by the not daily bread, but the bread of life. cated, they will invariably find that providence of God, brought into an age

there are in it classrooms and recreaand into a Church where the truths are

These men and the thousands like tional facilities designed to provide for known of which I am able to bear them who preside over the wards and development in all the aspects of the witness today: That God does live, that

districts, the branches, is social, of its the livesstakes, the this truths, reveal that his does he are spiritintellectual, the Church, of members—physical,cultural, as well as men whomissions of Christ the the on Jesus Church

know the task of "toilworn implement"ual. earth, that we may through obedience

using, but who know that more imThere is time for but one other to his word find peace, here and now, portant even than this significant Opthought. I read recently in one of our enjoy eternal opportunity commensuportunity in God's world, the right to great national magazines a few words rate with our preparation for it, and

work for one's bread, is tbe great bless- I thought to be highly significant about arrive at a reunion with him who made ing and responsibility of seeking that our relationship with our Father in us and who is our Father which art which is spiritually indispensable, and heaven. This came from one of the in heaven. Of this I testify in the

which is the most important thing a great religious leaders of our day, a name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

man can seek.

I honor these men, and I feel very humble as I travel in their presence and bear witness with them of the truths

God has given us to know.

I read recently out of a newspaper afew words I should like to call to your The Strap Gate—

attention as an example of another great idea these men call my attention to.

Dateline, New York City, last August?,

writwords, these service, a pressfrom Repentance and baptism Christian of ministers three byten denominations:

by Delbert L. Stapley

is being layman of the The true ministry the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE to back comingrediscovered. He is now

function he exercised in the early church.

a great church in the is todayThere scripthis of part the interest on Christian ofsurgence implies gate reBishopthe limitedBuehner,time commentingallotted us in uponlife, ture.only theTo positiveenter theelementsstraight the in times, ancient laity. Inof the

days of Christ, there was not the marked and the fact that many detour and obedience to gospel requirements, and distinction between the laity and clergy. get lost and thus fail to find the narrow the narrow way that leads to life conLaity as used in the New Testament simply way that leads to life eternal, brings me notes additional requirements, rites, and

the through but of God, people themeant like discuss. to to the that all I should for theme desire ordinances salvation who

the of work more and morecenturies this morning. exaltation. of with you so teachings Like and many of those shoulders fell the onthe church teachings choice the many Among interpretation, of explanathe Lord, our profession. full time madewho inspiring in that Savior given the by left tion, for procedures his were and Catholiin both liturgical it movementtheirThe

is this important the Mount, on Sermon is for inspiration prophets back chosen winning Protestantism and by andcism the laity their ancient rights in the Church's instruction: revelation, when the time was ready, to

his secular in life. The laymanworship unfold to man's knowledge. It is true of

vocation seeing hiswork is increasingly as Enter ye in at the strait gate... this scripture.

that of the Church's chief evangelist. He Because strait is the gate, and narrow is

is the church in the world. the way, which leadeth unto life, and few I should like to ask, "What is the

there be that find it. (Matthew 7:1314.) straight gate spoken of by the Savior by

This is a truth spoken by men of good which we should enter?"Nephi, in the

will and courage and devotion, but You will observe that I have quoted closing days of his ministry, gave a great 416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA discourse to his people embodying much reason for his doing so, which sets the Salt Lake Temple was laid, Brigham in the way of prophesying, and in it example and pattern for all mankind Young, in a discourse to the people asfurnishes the most direct and compreto follow, for said he, "Follow thou me sembled for that important occasion, hensive answer to this question by sayand do the things which ye have seen said that very few of the elders in ing: me do."Israel understood the endowment, and

exthey must to understand for them let us brothers and sisters, Now, my is the For gate should which enter by ye a experience, for perience, them to and of the consider the narrowness whatrepentance baptism water; and by then and built. sumhe be Then must is temple signifies. explaining After what way fire of sins a remission yourcometh by and words: these in the marized endowment gate, enter to required the straight Nephi theby Ghost. (2 Holy 31:17.) Nephi

continues by saying:

Your endowment is to receive all those his also said to people: Nephi of the the which Lord in ordinances House this straight in are and then ye And I things"Wherefore, do the have which this after for depart are you necessary you life; to eternal leads path which narrowtold that seen have life, to your the to you I Lord back to enable walk you gate; in ye yea, entered the ye have by

angels for, of the passing Father, for the presence your shouldand do; Redeemer the to according done have commandments

to enabled sentinels, being as standthis who cause they have been unto shown of the Son; Father the ye have and and

the signs the key and word, the give them that ye the gateme, might know witnesses Ghost, by received the which Holy

Priesthood, to the pertaining Holy tokens enter."fulfilling of should the ye the (Idem.) the Son, Father untowhich and

of spite exaltation in eternal gain you and that of the promise hath made, which he vision, six in Nephi, centuries almost hell. or earth if in should entered the ye ye by way ofbefore the our coming Lord and

receive.

Christ,Savior, flesh, in witJesus the significomprehensive, sublime, How after brethren, beloved ye now, And my at hisnessed the baptism hands of John bethe important cant, endowment and straight this into gotten narrow have and the Baptist, even as we have it recorded path, I would ask if all is done? Behold, comes when we understand it. When

in the third chapter of Matthew, when I say unto you, Nay; for ye have not come one has been endowed according to the

our worthy Lord came to John and asked thus far save it were by the word of Christ order of temple rights and ordinances, to be baptized of him. But John, humwith unshaken faith in him, relying wholly then he or she is prepared for eternal

ble as he was, realizing that this was upon the merits of him who is mighty to sealing of husband to wife, wife to hussave.his saying, objected Lord, by auto both, children band, by men and press a forward Wherefore, with ye must

this of keys the possessing thorized and in perfect Christ, steadfastness a having I to of thee, baptized need be have and united thus Families sealing power. love of brightness of hope, a and and God to thoucomest me? exaltation, perfection, and to on go if may press of shall ye Wherefore, all men. said Suffer answering Jesus him, unto And

together. eternal happiness of feasting Christ, the word uponit it for so to thus be to forward, us now: becometh

saith the behold, thus end, endure to of the writingsfulfil learn this from all righteousness. Then he suffered and We

life. shall eternal the Father: have Yehim. found in Smith, Joseph the Prophet

brethren, behold, beloved now, And my Jesus, baptized, he of went was when And up sections 131st 132nd the and both is is this there other the way; and none lo, of the water: and, out thestraightway Lord, Covenants. Doctrine and the The whereunder given heaven nor name way unto were him,heavens opened and he said, Prophet, to the speaking of the in saved kingdom can be by man Spirit of like the descendingsaw a God

is this docthe behold, now, God. And lightingdove, him: and upon three are celestial glory there the In of trine of Christ, doctrine true only the and lo saying, voice a heaven, from This And degrees; or heavens, the Father, of of the the Son, and Holy andis in Son, beloved well I am whom my to highest the a order obtain in man And is Ghost, which end. without God, one 3:1417.)pleased. (Matthew priesthood, of this the order into enter must (Ibid., 31:1821.)

[meaning the new and the everlasting covethis scripture see the In plan and we of marriage];

brothers see and sisters, we My straight gate, this to enterthe even it. way obtain does not he he cannot from nantAnd

that the function of the Ghost Holy gift this receiving thebaptism others, and water into by enter the but that He mayif of the Holy Ghost; the Savior saying to to those who have received its bestowal is the end of his kingdom; he cannot have

John by way of emphasis, "for thus it is to guide in the narrow way to an an increase. (D. & C. 131:1-4.)

becometh us to fulfil all righteousness."understanding of what is required for

life of this glory. enter order not through and Men, Those who do the Savior did what mean Now

is, by eternalfaithfulness, coveeternal that the priesthood, worthy for the must become this statement?making Again we turn

to of of angels ordination marriage, the nant Melchizedek Holy become Godto the writings and read: of Nephi

state forever single that Priesthood, after separate a in the priesthood and increase order of ordinaare ever, without the thus of God, Son and and which if of the being he now, God, And Lamb thereeternal reof in posterity world; possible the priesthood and makes toholy, baptized be should need have by tion

spiritual posterity blessings ceiving fore of need they the God's without have no all righteousness, to fulfilwater, then, O is verified it is ordiin for of the in the gospel kingdom, a That kingdom. we, unbeing need have more muchhow

holy, to be baptized, yea, even by water! nances officiated in by the authority of writings of the Prophet Joseph in the

And now, I would ask of you, my beloved the Holy Priesthood that the powers of 132nd section of the Doctrine and Covebrethren, wherein the Lamb of God did fulgodliness are manifest unto men in the nants which I quote:

fil all righteousness in being baptized by flesh. In this dispensation God has

water? if restored authorities keys, the powers, Therefore, a and a wife marry him man

holy? that notwas he ye not But Know the world, not in her all he officiate and in by ordinances sacred to marry the me

holy, unshoweth being he hewithstanding with her word, nor he covenant and by for seal my right to time the with bind and that, to accordingto children the of men is in as so she the world with long he and all living the eternity the both and and the flesh before himself humbleththe he their are marriage covenant him, not and dead. that the FatherFather, unto witnesseth and of force they are dead, they and when when

in keeping unto obedient be obtaining purpose sacred would ofhe him the For of therefore, are are the world; they out

his commandments. the higher gospel ordinances and blessnot bound by any law when they are out

Wherefore, after he was baptized with ings, God has commanded that temples of the world.

water the Holy Ghost descended upon him should be built wherein his people can Therefore, when they are out of the of dove. ain the form are neither given they nor world marry sealings, their receive endowments and

it the children again, unto showeth And are marriage; in in angels but appointed glory. celestial for to prepare them path, of the straightness theof the and men are ministering servangels heaven; which as enjoy worthy men, women, Worthy they gate, of should the which bynarrowness for are ants, to minister those worthy who privileges the ordinances of temple and before set the exampleenter, having he of far exceeding, more, a and an an and

blessings, receiving authe by themthem. glory. of eternal weight

Priestthe children said of the Melchizedek unto of men: thority Holy And he angels did law; not For these abide my

31:5-10.) (2 Nephi thou me.Follow covenants with hood. Both make God, therefore, enlarged, they cannot but be

and both accept obligations and remain separately and singly, without exre-

Here we see the straightness of the sponsibility; also pledge faithfulness and altation, in their saved condition, to all

gate by which the Son of God entered obedience to God. eternity; and from henceforth are not gods,

our Heavenly Father's kingdom and the When the cornerstone of the great (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 417

pointed for that blessing, and the conditions

Delbert L Stapley Continued thereof, as were instituted from before the foundation of the world. (Ibid., 132:5.)

things, these Let us understand my but are angels of God forever and ever. true Christ. doctrine of This is the sisters, brothers not have and and if we

(Ibid., 132:1517.) order is the the This and law of lead that of the conditions care Holy taken

Priesthood. other nor plan There is no us that take into and as the narrow important to way be Now, be it might

lives, to eternal obtain a conand way relife, let to the eternal us to submit ofappointed ministering a angel God, posterity. said of tinuation again God principles great of and these farcertainly quirements happiness more would come

to the Prophet:to all to others his at to an individual side do teach have ordinances a and

loving companion, children, posterity For all who will have a blessing at my likewise, I humbly pray in the name of throughout the eternity, and unless we hands shall abide the law which was apJesus Christ. Amen.

enter into this holy covenant of marriage and have it sealed by the Holy

Spirit of promise, these blessings cannot be obtained by us.

Referring again to this same section, the Lord said to the Prophet Joseph:

And again, verily I say unto you, if a Monday Afternoon Session, April 4, 1955 man marry a wife by my word, which is my law, and by the new and everlasting covenant, and it is sealed unto them by the

SpiritHoly Our Twofold Mission anointed, unto of whompromise,I haveby appointedhim whothisis power and the keys of this priesthood; [and

then certain conditions are enumerated]... it shall be done unto them in all things by Henry D. Moyle

whatsoever servant hath them, put upon my OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE all through eternity;in time, and shall and

be of full force when they are out of the world; shall they pass the and angels, by

gods, setand the are there, to which their allexaltation in glory things, and as hath Twoards yearswas addressingago Elder aLeGrandconventionRichin repentanceSo long asis asthereessentialis sin inamongone agemen,of been sealed upon their heads, which glory this city of men of various faiths the world as in another. Joseph Smith

shall be a fulness and a continuation of and denominations, and he began his said: "God does not look upon sin with

the seeds forever and ever. remarks by calling them all to repentallowance, but when men sin there must

Then shall they be gods, because they ance. I had the opportunity recently be allowance made for them."(See D. &

have no end; therefore shall they be from of meeting that same group and to C. 1:3233.) We read:

everlasting to everlasting, because they conrealize the tremendous impact that that tinue; shall all, they then be above so loved because the world, that he gave For God statement upon them by one who made

all things subject are behis them. unto only Son, begotten that whosoever Then authority. shall spoke with

they be gods, because they have all power, lieveth in him should not perish, but have life. everlasting the angels are subjectand unto them. testify seen that the and have do And we

verily, Verily, I say unto you, sent not his Son into the world For God of sent the except ye Father the to be Saviour Son to the the world; but that world condemn world.abide my law ye cannot attain to this the

glory. 3:1617.) be saved. through him might (John shall confess that Jesus is the Whosoever

And now mark you, Sonin God.of God,(I JohnGod 4:1415.)dwelleth in him, and he We have a great example of the fruits

For strait is the gate, and narrow the of repentance when w7e go back to the way that leadeth unto the exaltation and Our mission in this Church is twofold. Day of Pentecost, when the Apostles of

continuation of the lives, and few there be We must call all people to repentance, old bore this testimony to the multitude, that find it, because ye receive me not in and to those who hearken unto our and they each heard it in their own the world neither do ye know me. words teach the principles of the gospel tongue:

But if ye receive me in the world, then of Jesus Christ.

shall ye know me, and shall receive your Therefore let all the house of Israel know exaltation; that where I am ye shall be also. Repent ye for the kingdom of heaven is assuredly, that God hath made that same This is eternal lives—to know the only at hand. Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord

wise and true God, and Jesus Christ, whom Repent and believe the gospel. and Christ. (Acts 2:36.)

he hath sent. (Ibid., 132:1924.)

testimony of proThis Apostles the call to sinners said Christ he came sisters, Therefore, brothers and my inquiry, the voked brethren, and "Men to repentance to save them. and requirethese conditions the then meet (Ibid., shall 2:37.) what do?"we in of faith out God. grows Repentance

for of the the way. narrownessments

are, Peter then matter gave the good have most we we wonAnd how NoIt ordireceiving involves the temple all fallen short derfully the reply: of inspired sinned have and

all sealings, the keepingnances and of of glory old said: As God. Alma

faithof remainingcommandments God, Repent, be of baptized every and one you ful of mortal to the devoted end and forth before stand must in and of the come Jesus for Christ remisthe name We life, which then earns the great gift of him in his glory, and in his power, and in sion of sins, and ye shall receive the gift eternal life. his might, majesty, and dominion, and acof the Holy Ghost. (Ibid., 2:38.)

Nephi, Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, knowledge to our everlasting shame that all is just; are that just judgments he oftrue servants prophets and God, by his all in that of greatest promises which

is all his works, that merciful and unto he interinspiration revelation have and has to made man. God

all of that children the and has he men, significance the explainedpreted and It Paul, was with the same the on to that believeth every save power on man of theof this statement important to road Damascus, he questioned when for his forth fruit bringeth and meet name

Savior. repented All and have who the Lord, art thou, Lord? 12:15.) repentance. the (Alma "Who And

the received baptizedthen been and I said, perseLord thou am Jesus whom of servants by authorized GhostHoly (Ibid., cutest."9:5.) then Paul And all sure need we to pray, "O I am straight the entered in byGod have Savior, asked the "Lord wilt what thou a sinner."have God, on mercy me begate. only can narrow way The (Ibid., to 9:6.) do?"have me

followed by obedience and faithfulness Nothing is so much calculated to lead to all the sacred ordinances and repeople to forsake sin as to take them by Submit yourselves therefore to God. Requirements of the higher gospel plan, the hand and watch over them with tendersist the devil, and he will flee from you.

obtained in the holy temples of God. ness. Draw nigh to God, and he will draw

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinexistence, had there not been a plan of For ye are bought with a price: therefore

ners; and purify your hearts, ye double life and of salvation developed before glorify God in your body, and in your spirit,

6:1920.) (I Cor.minded. God's. are which laid? of earth foundations the the were

afflicted, and Be mourn, weep: and that at time that read very then let And we to laughteryour be turned all mourning, and fulfilled of his commitSavior The relate, that of questions these which to joy heaviness.your ments.

all stars "the together sang and morning yourselves sight in the of the Humble

Lord, and he shall lift you up. (James of the sons of God shouted for joy."If in this life only we have hope in Christ,

4:7-10.) (Job 38:7.) Job participated in that we are of all men most miserable.

so did singing we. and the dead, Christ risen from But now is What business has any citizen of the Smith, the Joseph firstfruits the of them Prophet, leaves us and becomekingdom to talk of a certain standard no doubt on that subject. He says: slept. that

forwhich for all is meant him and not death, since For by by man man came subjectsthe of the kingdom? What of resurrection the dead. also the is At the first organization in heaven we were came

all present the Saviorit chosen and saw and but adopting the the which maxim all die, in Christ so as in even For Adam of the salvation appointed plan made, and unfairly poet ascribed toRoman a Greek (I 15:1922.) all alive. Cor. be made

it. sanctioned the shall (Teachings and of wehero, "that laws for not born were him?"

181.) Smith, Joseph pageI tell his for for Prophet that fulfilled you laws great mission the were Christ born

all the children of our Heavenly Father Repentance, therefore, follows the which he came to this earth: to atone for

the face earth. ofupon the the of sins the "And to make why mankind and violation of to ascribed a law which we

call ye Lord, me, Lord, efficacious in our the not principle of repentance and do free choice; will of our a and law own

Ithings progress. say?"which 6:46.) (Luke eternal in to covenanted the heavens obey; we

Repentance is a thing that cannot be a law which through our acceptance The Nephi version is as follows:

trifled with every day of our lives. Daily gave us the privilege of coming here

in all things done behold, have been Buttransgressions, daily are repentance not into mortality out our working and things. all of the knoweth wisdom who himpleasing sight in of the the Lord. existence that mortal We thereby might we

fell be; that might and men men Adam as Latterday Saints in thatknow our to progress spheres the higher which

joy. are, that have they mightlives, just as this beautihave heard we in us. reluctance await There was no

in of fulness the the Messiah cometh And itful sing, choruschoir is even now of this acquiescence plan. the our We of that children sang time, the redeem he may ofeventide in the day might which we all sons together as the of God; of them fall. that they because the from And men repent.properly joy. for shouted fall are the they beredeemed from have

Do not procrastinate repentance. No other proof should be needed, but come free forever, knowing good from evil;

Deathbedlaw—man repentanceshould repentdoes andnot servefulfil thethe withinif otherourselves.proof wereTheneeded,power wewe possessfind it toupon,act savefor themselvesit be by theandpunishmentnot to be ofactedthe

Lord in health and in strength, in vigor to differentiate between right and wrong, law at the great and last day, according to of body and mind, and give of his life, good and evil, the Spirit of God within the commandments which God hath given.

such as may remain, when that faith in us with which we were born, our own (2 Nephi 2:2426.)

repentthe spirit of which createsGod, all establish ourfree agency, within ance within us, is received him. by selves, external without evidence any of doctrineThereforeof repentancewe believein allin thepreachingworld, boththe

If we submit to his Spirit, we may any kind, the fact that we are under to old and young, rich and poor, bond and bring forth now the fruits of good works covenant to do that which is right; that free.... But we discover, in order to be

which are to his glory. We may look which does not violate our own sensibenefited by the doctrine of repentance, we

for the day when every law of the kingtive conscience. must believe in obtaining the remission of

to sins the obtain order remission in and Paul: said Apostle It has the been fulfilled by all shall be anddom when

of in sins, believe doctrine the our must weshall least the to from the know him of of in the the Jesus baptism Lord name of flesh fathers our have had we...greatest. if for Christ. believe in baptism And we us, corrected gave which them and we in the churches, their of sense And fulof sins, the remission expect a we may shall in reverence: rather not be we much

after nothingness, seek of fillment of the the the Ghost, promiseown Holy may spirits, subjection of the Father unto and all for the extends promise to the laidfoundation has and whom which God live? 12:9.) (Heb.

call, shall says the Lord our Prophet God all will of the shock endurewhich winds

Smith. (Teachings of the Prophet rest churchesand waves. which And volunJoseph to do is Whatever we choose

82.) page Joseph Smith, traditions decrees and tary,upon sacrifice their own the redeeming just as was

like holiness will theand be of of the Savior who man mankind. finally said: Savior The

is It told of that Lord Byron he when

.. built without a foundation house an lad a attending a school, a comwas all ye unto that labour me, and Come against the earth;. the streams whichupon fell I of his rest. displeasure panion the will are give laden, under you heavy and

it vehemently, beatdid immediately and of bully, overbearing unmercian who of learn you, yoke Take upon and myfell; of great. that the ruin house and was

(Ibid., 6:49.) fully beat him. Byron happened to be me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and

present, and he went up to this bully, ye shall find rest unto your souls.

The Church accepts the sinners into knowing that there was no use for him For my yoke is easy, and my burden is its society, not to foster them in their to attempt to fight him, and asked how light. (Matt. 11:2830.)

friend. his long intended he to beat if The sanctito repent,wickedness, but they

all saved, be ye the unto and me, Look said,.immediately bully answered and kindness, fy cleanse them, our by and

I for earth: there of ends the and God, am is yours?"that of business "Well, what all unrighteousness.from is else. (Isaiah 45:22.) none

tears replied very mildly, with Byron rerepent? Does do Of what we

pentance follow the violation of an arbistanding in his eyes, "I will take the rest And finally, Isaiah writes:

trary law imposed upon us by a power of the beating, if you will let him go."

from on high? Why did the Lord ask Ours is a stronger case than that of I have sworn by myself, the word is gone

Job, "Where wast thou when I laid the Lord Byron's. He was under no prior out of my mouth in righteousness, and shall

foundations of the earth? declare, if thou commitment to do as he did. We are not return, That unto me every knee shall

hast understanding."How significant charged with the responsibility of doing bow, every tongue shall swear.

the following questions: as we have heretofore agreed. ReSurely, shall one say, in the Lord have I

pentance becomes our second chance to righteousness and strength, even to him shall all that are incensed and come; men if thereof, creation. laid measures the hath the of our purpose accomplish Who

(Ibid., shall against be ashamed. him the or hath stretched knowest?thou who forgiven. are repent, Maybe As we we

it?line upon in this thought same mind 45:2324.) Paul had

thereof are foundations the Whereupon therewhen he said: Let us not put off the day of our recornerstone laid thefastened? or who

us to be help Lord May the of. (Job 38:4-6.) is the pentance. that your body ye not know What?

I sight, in his pray pure and humble you, is in of which Ghost temple the Holy

Would the Lord have asked these which ye have of God, and ye are not your humbly, in the name of the Lord Jesus questions of Job had Job not had a preown? Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1955 419 And so I say, fundamentally there has been no change in the teaching of the Savior to his disciples. As he met

with them in Galilee after his resurrection, he said:

Assistants All power is given unto me in heaven in earth. to the and

ye therefore, and teach all nations, Go baptizing them in the name of the Father,

Council of the and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:

Teaching them to observe all things whatTwelve soever am withI haveyou alway,commandedeven untoyou: theand,endlo, ofI

the world. (Matt. 28:1820.)

There has been no change in that.

Thomas E. McKay It may have been in and out of favor,

but fundamentally there has been no change. All power was given him, and

he conferred it on his disciples; the same

power is with us today.

Brother Moyle referred to the teachings of Peter on the Day of Pentecost, and I quote only part of it:

Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins.... (Acts 2:38.)

These people were pricked in their hearts, and they wondered what they should do, and they cried with one accord, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?"(Ibid., v. 37.) They had been

Clifford E. Young Alma Sonne El Ray L. Christiansen taught the divine mission of Jesus Christ,

Jesus and him crucified; and the Holy

Ghost rested upon them; the gift of

tongues was with them; they understood each other and they understood

the Apostle Peter, although there were assembled peoples of many nations, and

Peter said to them,

Repent, and be baptized every one of you... for the remission of [your] sins....

Then he went on to say, "For the promise is unto you."The promise of

what? That the Holy Ghost would

come to them if they rendered obediencel

For the promise is unto you, and to your

John Longden Hugh B. Brown Sterling W. Sill children, and to all that are afar off, even

as many as the Lord our God shall ca 11.

(Ibid., v. 39.)

There has been no change in that, my brethren and sisters. And in this

instructions the day are the same. The Good We Accomplish forth Send the elders of unto my church

the nations which are afar off; unto the

islands of the sea; send forth unto foreign

by Clifford E. Young lands; call upon all nations, first upon the

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Gentiles,133:8.) and then upon the Jews. (D. & C

The same teachings, a truth that may have in been of out and favor, but an it that, in last three has months change has been There the no eternal truth, just the same. So todayDuring we visit of privilege sisters. to not two been "Ye have brethren and my my in have the the Church responsibility,

I I of you, the the missions chosen but Church, and and chosen me, have is that and responsibility apmade more.. you, that impressed important go with ordained should an ye beenhave. parent as of think the we great misis this in in are of forth."enthe change which There workphase no we sionary of system the have Church—we of truth. the missionary thegaged, work the responsibility of preaching gosthe

I lines night these other the readChurch. by pel, and obligation an added to that

You will recall that the Savior on a poet: which was given the disciples of the

Savior, that of preaching the restoredcalling his Apostles said to them:

a belief abandon why gospel, the same gospel but reaffirmed because it ceases Merely... to be true?

Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen Cling to it long enough, and not a doubt in this day, because in the minds of you, and ordained you, that ye should go It will turn true again, for so it goes. men it was for a time in and out of

and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit Most of the change we think we see in life favor, but the truth has not changed;

should remain. (John 15:16.) Is due to truths being in and out of favor. it is eternal.

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now, in harmony with that, in the of service in the Southern States Misall nations. The gospel of the Lord

very beginning of this work, the Prophet sion and then his great work as one of Jesus Christ is ultimately to leaven the

Joseph called missionaries who were the Apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ. lump. The Lord promised that an angel

sent to various parts of the United I repeat again, my brethren and sisshould fly through the midst of heaven,

States and then later to Great Britain ters, we never know the results of our preaching the everlasting gospel to every and other countries. The record of their work. We never know what we acnation that dwells upon the earth, and

work and conversions is impressive and complish. Some of us never will live then he said the end should come. He

ever will be an inspiration to those who to see it, to sense it. But after all is said did not mean the end of peoples, he

read of it and who are engaged in and done, we may sow, and we may meant the end of wickedness, the end preaching the gospel. water, but God gives the increase and of unrighteousness. And I thought I

Then there was a lull for a time; the that increase mounts little by little like saw reflected in that assembly the purSaints came west; and missionary work a little stone cut out of the mountain poses of the Almighty being accomat seemingly a standstill, it butwas hands, not without and animosities, hatred, rolls forth and no no plished—no

for long. after years or less two Within ultimately earth. will fill the racial prejudices, class hatreds, but no

the Saints had settled in these valleys, Now, the other thought, and then my all assembled under one great banner,

Elder John Taylor was sent to England time is up. It was my privilege to be of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ

as a missionary and then to France. In down in Honolulu at the time President and dedicated to one holy purpose!

addition to the commission to preach McKay and Sister McKay and Brother As you think of that with me, can the gospel, he was given the mission of Murdock were there, one of the outyou not see how ultimately peace will seeking out some industry that could standing experiences of my life. As we come to the world? And it will only

be brought to this country and estabmet in meetings in Honolulu, in the come through the gospel of the Son of lished among our people in the west Oahu Stake conference, Sunday, we had God, his great message of eternal truth, that would help them economically. It three assemblies. At one of them we and it is our responsibility, my brethren

was through the efforts of Brother Tayhad nearly four thousand people present. and sisters, to proclaim it.

lor that the sugar industry was finally All nations, all people of the Polynesian As one visits the missions of the brought here to the West. That is a Islands were represented: Hawaiians, Church, he becomes impressed more

story of itself. Samoans, Maoris, Tahitians. We had a than ever with the need of our fulfilling

But incident to this work that Brother Samoan choir of a hundred people sing, the purposes for -which the Lord has

Taylor performed, he baptized some very beautifully, on Sunday morning and placed us here, bearing witness of the important people. You know, we are then Sunday afternoon an Hawaiian gospel as it has been restored in this

a little inclined to think that our efforts choir. I have never heard more imday, not preaching anything new, not

are seemingly of no avail. Perhaps pressive music. changes, merely changes because men

some of our missionaries feel that way. In that assembly were Chinese, Japaperchance have changed in their own

I know I came home from my mission nese, Filipinos, and I repeat again, peominds, but the eternal truths being the feeling that I had not accomplished ple from all nations.'same.

much, that perhaps I had only baptized Brethren and sisters, as I looked over May God help us to fulfil our obligaone or two. We never know the extent that assembly I thought, here is an extion in this great work, I pray in the

of the good we have done. ample of the gospel being preached to name of Jesus. Amen.

In the labors of Brother Taylor he found men like Elias Morris, the father of Elder George Q. Morris who sits

here on the stand, and President John

R. Winder. He probably little realized

what it would mean to the work of the

Lord to bring men into the Church of the stature of Elias Morris, John R.

Winder, and others.

visiting in California a stake I was Is SPIRITUALITY?

the wifenot long ago, and of one of What the presidents of the stakes told me this story. President. labored under She

States Mission, by Antome R. IvinsCallis in the Southern

and she said Brother Callis related this OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY incident to them as he visited the stake after he had been called to the Council Callis Brother Twelve. of the was "y brethren and sisters, I hope you nodding, and he was asleep, and I have overconverted was bapin Wales and

tized as a small boy into the Church. will unite your prayers with mine to confess that by the time we got to

I say may perchance that turnoff I was asleep, too. WhenAs he was visiting a stake of Zion, he M'that what

learned that an old man whom he had carry a helpful and useful message. we waked up, we were five miles beyond

known in the mission field was ill. Before I start to bear my testimony, the place where we wanted to turn off

Brother Callis called on him. He found however, the remarks of the morning and believe me the detour turned out

him cynical. Brother Callis tried to have prompted me to recount an expeto be a rough one. We did not go to

encourage him. The man seemed to be rience that my father and I had about Kanab. We took the turnoff.

the that sixty the ago, in hope years Brother encouragement.beyond Then talking dewere they about When understood. point be may not said,Callis rememyou "John, do I this tours morning, wondered if many

driving were off Kaibab Mounin labors missionary Weber your Wales? if of sleepwalkers; us might not be we

beautiful one behind a fine day did tain the you not good rememberDo you not in our sleep, and around do walk in buckboard. Father Arizona an team I didn't field?"doin mission the "Oh, to find the out that all at once wake up

said, of foot at the "Antoine, said. down ever "Didn't you he good,"any off us has taken the the team wrong on

is right trail cuts that I there a remountain that not "No,baptize anyone?"

I road. to around. turn have Then we Springs straight across Pipe the and said, Callis "Are Brother youmember."believe, straight in the road narrow and in conlit- a crosses wash, the said, "I a baptized Kanabsure?"he "Oh,"

If are there chuckholes. are they no trail, that take location. in venient We'll to ourtle us bother that used urchin

there, are that the they chuckholes we to said, to Kanab up go Callis won't have Brothermeetings."and Then we for built ourselves. ourselves have

I there."that over ride was from"Brother do you and John, know

that little urchin?"Then he proceeded to read a book as Brethren and sisters, it is sixty years

Think of the importance of that one he always did when he was traveling ago since father and I had that expebaptism! Think of the great work of and turned the lines over to me. It rience. It is about fiftynine years ago

Brother Callis during his thirty years was not very long until his head was (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 421 in this city. Its president, who was not

Antoine R. Ivins continued a member of the Church, called me over,

and he said: "Mr. Ivins, I pay tribute

nearest the your father. He camesince that ability, to Mexico. went of the responsibility he has given to During we

of business religion and to combining I opportunitytime in life. to watch have us had

he I and then ever knew,"any man its I definition directing Authorithe is a fair Church and wonder if that it. I cannot do said: know, you "Do itsties that it progress. spirituality? It is of note It seems and to to me

twentyfour years since I read in the could be. And then it's our problem to I have to be a hardboiled businessnewspaper one day that I had a new do what we can first with ourselves, and man."But he some way or another

assignment. During those twentyfour then with people who may be inclined came to realize that under the influence

years Sister Ivins and I have been movto listen to us, to instil in their hearts of the gospel of Jesus Christ such a ing about among the stakes of the the same consciousness that they are the combination is possible, not only posChurch and in the missions, trying to sons and daughters of God, and that sible, but to be highly recommended.

kindle or rekindle the Spirit of God in God had a definite purpose in bringing Now brethren and sisters, it should be the hearts of the members of the Church. us here into this life of mortality. our purpose so to combine the Spirit of

We don't make pretense to tremenWhen you teach men that, then there God with our daily undertakings that dous success in it, perhaps, because we is a greater purpose in life, of course. we can ask upon everything we underhave no way of measuring our success, There is a greater incentive, there is a take to do, the blessing of God, our

but we have been devoted to your servgreater motive for righteousness, and Heavenly Father; that we may never

ice and devoted to the Church. It has perhaps spirituality could be measured take advantage of another; that we may

given us the great opportunity to watch by the degree of righteousness of the always yield full service for the comits progress, and as I sat in the priestlives of people. It is a difficult thing pensation that we receive; that our

hood meeting Saturday night, where we because we do not know or read the brethren and our sisters will never have had reports that 25,000 brethren heard hearts of people. Frequently we miscause to say that we may have taken

the proceedings of that meeting, I was judge them. If we could know their undue advantage of them. When we

reminded that in the year the LDS hearts, perhaps we could form a correct come to apply that in our lives, this gymnasium was put in operation, if my estimate of their spirituality, of their idea of spirituality will then be more or memory is correct, the Assembly Hall feeling toward God. That is difficult, less a tangible thing.

held the priesthood congregation. and from what has been said today I Spirituality is not a thing that you

So there has been growth. There has gather that there are many people who can go to the market and buy with dolbeen growth in membership as well as have not the same understanding of it, lars and cents and carry home in a basin faith and service, I believe, in the who feel that spirituality and the ket, but it is a thing which you can

today—oneChurch. Theof thepurposemajor inpurposes—iscoming hereto ordinaryby a ratherpursuitswide space,of life andare sometimesseparated toabsorbbe absorbed.in a gatheringIt cannotlike this.be bought.It has

see if we cannot stimulate the feeling we feel that a man who devotes himIt cannot be done up in packages and of spirituality among the people, for, self assiduously to the practical purhanded to a neighbor. It must be abwe who are here, perhaps most of us, poses of life, rendering his share, of sorbed by him through the emanations

have the responsibility of carrying back course, in Church service, may not be of our own spirits.

peoto do the not does conference this of as spiritual spirit a as whothe man it, strive Let for us sisbrothers and increase time to his whole come, not spends that, could butple who who ters. seek us blessings Let the of God for things people. uncertain the the aboutspirituality dreaming among all in do, then will as Zion shine we answer. at our conbeen no has attendance I there seen which have hill a light all a on which the world can

I brothers are grow and wrong, and believe and meetings growference we see.

that separation, to every place until today nearly we sisters, makegrow, if we try is it is limited the purpose by the for I believe attendance of God God bless us, I pray in the name ofgo, the capacity of the accommodations we prothat every honest member of the Jesus. Amen.

vide. I take it to indicate, and I beChurch, every honest man for that matlieve I am right in this, that it does deter, should have a vigorous, active, potent

note a definite increase in spirituality testimony that Jesus is the Christ, that among the people. God is our Father, and then should

Now we have heard that term used come, through his prayer and faith, to many, many times. It is not an easy an understanding of the plan of salvathing to define this idea of spirituality. tion, and you know, when I look before

I get no satisfaction from the dictionme and see the men who plow the ary. The interpretation there is one fields, who ride the ranges, and manage

given by people who perhaps do not the stakes, I feel justified in suggesting, understand their true relationship to God brothers and sisters, that to put oneand his work. group on one side and the other group "Render unto

is spirituality, a as to side, the other spirit the children of on are Since we

I with for thing, worked have dangerous the I take it that primary maniGod,."the handle slept with who and men is of spiritualityfestation acknowlan

life, of things and at the same practical sons are that the andedgment we to CAESAR.. interpretation apply a spiritual time that of Christ Jesusdaughters and God,

is done. that everything

is it surnot Brother, is our Elder and

I believe, Doctrine as the Coveand testithatprising that to me, knowing says, that us has given nants no by Alma Sonne God people, hearts in the of ourmony exists is spiritual a not law, and law ASSISTANT which TO THE faith not of our coming peoplethat OF THE TWELVE is life I COUNCIL of a law of action. law as reported into by the the community,

President McKay the other night, sense believe it would be possible, with the an unusual feeling and spirit among exercise of due faith for a man to apply the people. The recognition that we the spiritual interpretation to every BRETHREN AND SISTERS, I assure yOU

of outset at the daughters that God, I will are the sons and keep my MY to clock. the eyes it seems on of him,spiritually born me, pose—itlegitimateshouldact ofbelife,ourandpurpose,it is ourbrotherspur- I know my is a starting place if you are going to and sisters—in our relationships with brethren will also keep their eyes on the

try to define spirituality. Then it each other to strive for that spiritual clock. I ask you for an interest in your

seems to me to be a feeling of nearness aspect. faith and prayers. There is so much to

to God, our Heavenly Father, a devoIf you will pardon the reference to say on an occasion like this, and there tion to his cause, and a determination my father, I would like to tell you that are so many to say it that time becomes to acquit ourselves to the utmost of our one time I walked into the biggest bank very precious.

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A week ago I stood before a group of I was, when our great choir sang "The "Whom seek ye?"They answered,

high school students in one of the stakes Lord's Prayer.""The Lord's Prayer,""Jesus of Nazareth.""I am he,"renot far from here. I urged them on that says someone, "is perfect in its diction. sponded the Lord, and then, characteroccasion to accept as a project the readIt is comprehensive in its scope."It istic of his great soul, he said, "If thereing of the Gospel according to Matthew covers the essential phases of human fore ye seek me, let these go their way,"

in order to familiarize themselves with existence. His stories and parables will referring, of course, to his disciples. (See

the life of Jesus Christ. I recall years live forever. "The story of the Prodigal John 18:4-8.)

ago reading about Lew Wallace who Son,"said Charles Dickens, "is the most The writer of that circumstance gives wrote the great story, Ben Hur. It apbeautiful story ever told."one more sentence, which reads, "And

pears that while he was writing this There is another one like unto it. It Judas stood with them."(See Ibid.,

book, he was visited by a certain wellis the story of the Good Samaritan, and 18:5.) I wonder what the thoughts of

known and gifted agnostic. The agnostic I think of one more with which you Judas were as he stood there witnessing

encouraged him to write the book. are very familiar. It begins, "A sower the courage and love of Jesus, whom he

"But,"said he, emphasize "do not side betrayed. moral already The had to sow."out went (Luke 8:5.) a What

divinity Christ.the Treat of Jesus parallel. has character Christ's of no is! lovely statement that All of these

this character as you would any other stories called parables charm and captiIn it we find absolute perfection. No

character in history."But Lew Wallace vate the reader. They are timely today, flaw, no blemish, no weakness is disstudiously readhad Gospels and the sin. as was is without covered. He He as fresh as they were nineteen hundred

his offormed opinions the Master gospel met as great he preached. the He on years given. they were. ago when They

left recordthe Luke, Mark, Matthew, by said perfectly. situation and every He stir livto better the heart nobler and

and John. ing. They are a force for righteousness did the right thing at the right moWe have heard many things during in the world. ment.

this conference, this during and Easter spies of I the were who reminded am is there thing another which Andtime, about Jesus, the Christ. perHis trip priests to and chief the sent out by I called to attention of the the young lifefect extolled. has been His teachit "Is if lawful could. they trap him I said, ago, a students "Jesus week whenings have been expounded. resurHis asked. they to tribute Caesar?"to pay is the personality in most compellingrection has in been explained light the coin. produced for a They asked Jesus history."spoke words two human Heof scriptures, ancient modern and and coin tax a with to be happened what his to followers: "Follow (Matthew me,"his divine mission has been emphasized to taxes the paid Roman the Jews which their strong 8:22) gave and up men everyoneby has this spoken who from is the image on government. "Whose fishing nets to followed even and himstand during conference. the is of "It the image Jesus. asked coin?"death."

is said, still has Someone loved, "Jesus Lord, said "Render the Caesar."Then

but he is also hated, among men."There Pilate was uneasy and disturbed beunto Caesar the things which are Caeare those who would crucify him the fore him. When you enter the great sar's, and unto God the things which

second time, this time in the hearts of Salt Lake Temple, and as you go into the are God's."(See Matthew 22:1721.) I

men. Yet there is no explanation offered Assembly Room, I wish you would do submit that it was the best answer thatfor his marvelous life and his perlect as I have frequently done—examine could possibly be given under the cirrecord except the one he himself gave. that magnificent painting of the Lord cumstances. Not only that, it was a

"I came forth from the father,"and, "If Jesus standing before Pontius Pilate great sermon, although very brief, on the ye have seen me ye have seen the Jesus so calm and unruffled; Pilate so matter of honesty.

father."In his prayer of intercession* deeply disturbed. The contrast is imMay we worship the Lord and Master

for his Twelve Apostles, he said: "This pressive. in spirit and in truth. May each of usis life eternal—that they might know I recall another incident. It happened have the conviction that he is the Rethee, the only true God, and Jesus Chirst, in the Garden of Gethsemane when the deemer of the world and the promised

whom thou has sent."Roman soldiers came to arrest the Messiah, and may we join hands in carIn the same prayer he said, "Glorify Master. As they entered, Jesus said to rying forward his work and in explainthou me with the glory which I had these hardfaced men, "Whom seek ye?"ing the restored gospel which has come

with thee before the world was."He They answered, "Jesus of Nazareth."to earth in these, the last days, through

left no room for equivocation and argu- "I am he,"replied Jesus, and those men, the instrumentality of Joseph Smith, the ment on the question of his divinity and in silent tribute, "went backward and Prophet, I pray most humbly in the his Sonship, and I am happy today as I fell to the ground."He asked again name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

stand here, that I belong to a Church which accepts that teaching as very fundamental.

It was William Jennings Bryan who stated in his famous lecture called, The

Prince of Peace, "It is easier to believe him divine than to explain in any other way what he said and did and was."

of are distinctionThere marks which all apart fromset him others who have "That all men might repent"lived upon the earth. He was the master of every situation which confronted

him. He answered all questions put to by Hugh B. Brown

him where an answer would enlighten ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE the questioner.

Albert J. Beveridge, a Senator from

Indiana, stated many years ago: "The brethren and sisters, President We sang yesterday, "We thank Thee,

Son of Mary is the prince of public McKay has been kind enough to O God, for a Prophet."This hymn reoriginally Prophet to the in ferred right,speakers."Joseph Authorities for the Sermon General the advise He was

not In a meeting Smith. long ago greatest when is the be expectedon they that might the Mount sermon Myadvance

ever preached. It has endured nineto speak at certain sessions of the conPresident McKay announced that the

teen centuries of criticism. It has surference. My turn was to come next congregation would sing, "We Thank

vived the apostasy, the Dark Ages, the Wednesday. During a half century of Thee, O God, for a Prophet,"he said,

Renaissance, and the Reformation, and active service in the Church, I have characteristically, "I wish you would its powerful message is still reverberatnever felt so wholly inadequate, so have in mind the Prophet Joseph Smith ing through the world. It will never totally dependent on divine guidance as when you sing today."

die. I feel right now. For that guidance I I should like to offer a prayer that

Yesterday I know you were touched, as humbly pray. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 423 Hugh B. Brown Continued thenif he heis notis nota resurrecteda resurrectedbeing,being;Easterand

is meaningless.

in for years,has been prayer a ture attributes of my heart our and Heavenly for the let us thank I say Again God is I believe in of every heart thewhich of Christ, are Father his Son, and Jesus through that clarification has come

Latterday Saint the world. throughout of to transcendent importance all men perthe revelation concerning modern

thee, for the Prophet, thank God, everywhere. confirmation"We and Modern O of of three attributes the sonal members

in O.David these guide us this of elucidation biblical McKay, evidence on the Godhead.

laterlatter days. that thee thank allimportant the subject with began Weto us to Father the revealed Christ Jesus first blessings the thythrough has he vision in had in the 1820, Sacred Grove

".. seen said, that hath me. he andvitality, to vigor, it the the health in and continued and was renewed and

14:9.) Father."the (John seen hath ofcarry gospel the the the to message at that in glorious vision Hiram, 1832

image. in his express He was The Sonfour corners of the earth. thank Ohio, when the Lord declared, We diFather, a compassionate a revealed his presence that influencethee and his

have revitalized the Saints wherever he Hear, O ye heavens, and give ear, O vine Parent, one in whom were incorpohas gone and have given them courage earth, and rejoice ye inhabitants thereof, rated the attributes of justice, judgment, revealed is truth. a there God beside for the and mercy, Lord and him God, He that thee hope. more he thankand We

is Savior. understandforgiveness, no love, and of of us, than morethan any among man is are his his marvelous wisdom, Great the supplants gospel restored ing. The carried the predecessors, his of hasany extent of his doings ways, the none and faith and fear with of awe and motives gosof the the messageinspiration and find out. us, tells disciple trust. beloved The everin- to greatest an to thepel and fail not, neither are purposes there His ". fear."casteth out love perfect audience. international his stay hand. cancreasing any who We

a as dominant (I 4:18.) Love.John. is eternity to eternity the he same, conFrom bless wilt that thou himpray

quality saving of a and attribute God fail. his years 76:1-4.) never (D. and C. that us, to & spare wetinually him and

is emphasized. reasserted in and man for his leadership great many enjoymay

years to come."The restoration of the gospel of Jesus The new commandment which Jesus

to prophetic pursuant Christ came promanother one ye love "That was, gave

I of susheart the bottom From my ise necessary a to sequel the love was and His I you."loved have as even Presithese the supporttain men, and It apostasy. great aposthe during separate was is eternal. can for Nothing us his Counselors, of thedent and Church to that attempt tasy it. an from was separate us made Sin us from may of of the the President Councilthe Chrisphilosophy with harmonize Listen pagan forever. love endures his but him, of individual eachTwelve, and member truth. task tian undertaken This was testimony: to Paul's as Patriarch the Council,that and of nonChristian behest emperors at the

to ators the seers,prophets, and revel death, that I neither persuaded, For declarations in resulted am and

I privilege for grateful theChurch. am principalities, life, nor angels, nor nor rather nor was God uninspireddefined—or occasionally.of meeting with them to present, things nor things powers, nor declaring be immatehim to indenied—bywhich of friends said come, our have Some we are rial, without incomprehensible, and

other height, depth, nor nor anyinclined to Nor the worship General Auof part parts, or occupying no body to shall creature, separate able from us bethorities. listen to love them; we We other space, finite in infinite words, or

is of love in Christ the God, Jesus whichtheir for counsel; them; thank we God

8:3839.) our Lord. (Romans us to theybut not permit worwould for restoration of the thank God nonexistent.We

1 If insoship be them. should we doctrine. refutes such gospel the I which like to to should speak these young

firstclined, to the they rebuke be would incorporate Jesus to their attempt In us, for singing people have been who tous. say us doubtless would They of their concept into pagan Christ the to of other and people the young

Isle the said to angel the onwhat John emperors, the the Godhead, Roman like for others spoken, Church, have who kneel toof about Patmos, he was when to delegates their appointed through I is heart of Zion. with the youth mybefore him, to councils, undertook have him various to like to say these should people young

that his body, body of divest himself is their that that Father, Savior the God it not: thy See thou do I am the the when from tomb is came fellowwhich for to pleading with keep and them... 19:10.) (Rev.servant worship God.

glorithat stone away, the angel rolled in clean, their clean thinking, their in

But it is our privilege to be guided fied body with which he ascended into speaking, in their conduct, that he exby their inspired counsel. I pray that heaven before the wondering gaze of his pects them to be worthy of him and of

God will help us never to lose sight of disciples. Obviously this resurrected the sacrifice he made for them and for

and ever be grateful for the outstandbody, being material, could not become all of us. He is the Good Shepherd who

ing leadership in the Church today. a part of their immaterial God which gave his life for the sheep. He evinced

Elder Alma Sonne mentioned Easterhad no parts. They would have him the solicitude of the Good Shepherd in

tide. This is the season of the year shed that body and thereby deny everyhis last injunction to Peter, "Feed my

when we know spring is coming, althing that Easter stands for; for if he sheep."(John 21:16.)

though here in Salt Lake City today it is incomprehensible and immaterial, I should like to add another word to takes a lot of faith to believe it. But it the young people. One of the most

is the season of the year when things lethal weapons which the Adversary has are revitalized and renewed, and it is devised to destroy the young people of the time of year when Christians everyTHE YOUNG IN HEART the Church and of the world is to perwhere celebrate Easter in commemorasuade them that if they have made a tion of the resurrection of the Lord. By L. M. Beck mistake they are lost, there is no hope.

if to that doctrine, According a young of their of these and I speak As men in heart, in not is young though T Te who in person, a becomes moment, weak ad- I ofleadership, some am * reminded'years, guilty of misdemeanor, might some he should be -* reasonsditional we why Is lies strife, blest. the doubly Behind him to as juvenile well delinquency go on season. for Easter Through thegrateful of his youthful discords doubts, and The

is lost felony and because crime and he have of gospel the restoration wethe fears, knowledge and assurance regarding the The turmoils and uncertainties of life. anyway. So the devil would have them

actual resurrection of the body of the Yet his is not the part to stand and wait, believe and thus lead them down to

Lord Jesus Christ. Not only that he was To be a rigid milestone by the road hell.

resurrected from the dead, but also that But rather to alleviate the fate Young people, your Father in heaven load. great too a Of those who gloriloves a love you with loves you; he with his into heaven ascendedhe

is there to has done more carrymuch—butfar in He parents again your can will beyond whatfied come he and body, doIf are know. substance. you you make form andmaterial We his earthlymistakes—and through Accomplished knowlmuch, andgrateful for the comfort and the hope edge can will and all of us have—our Heavenly

which comes with this assurance. Apply experience, and start anew Father stands ready to forgive and to

The revelations concerning the naTo build a better world for every man. welcome you when you come to your424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

selves and turn your backs on the husks all the facts, until all the evidence is that he might bring all men unto him, on and your faces toward home. He will in. Now do not misunderstand me. conditions of repentance.

embrace you and say, "For this my son There will never come a time when And how great is his joy in the soul that was dead, and is alive again; he was any revelation of truth from God will repenteth! (D. & C. 18:1013. Italics added.)

lost and is found."(Luke 15:24.) But be in conflict with any other truth relet no one think he will not have to vealed from him, whether it comes as Brothers and sisters, I humbly bear

pay for his folly. The Father could not direct revelation or as reward for dilimy testimony to you that I do know

in justice say to the prodigal what he gent search. If there seems to be conthat God is my Father, that Jesus of

said to his older son, "All that I have flict, it is because men, fallible men, Nazareth is my Redeemer and my is thine."(Ibid., v. 31.) are unable properly to interpret God's friend. I thank him for the blessed

ministry, of in privilege the engaging discoveries. or revelations man's is Father kind loving Our and and I that through his praise holy and name forthat help us he go we may Mayforgiving, is there but inexorable an willinghis servants his has he shown in reverently fearlessly our but ward Itlaw has not repealed. which been to of to use weakest ness the us do some for respect truth search due have andis the of the harvest. law sow, ye "As little ministry. in that good for parents teachour only our and not shall ye (See reap"Galatians 6:7.)

as to bless recognize the us ers, him for also those God through but whom thistles figs, cannot reap sow andWeso to with forward Shepherd and go revelations. his Good has promised Godnor plant grapes. thorns harvest and

faith, of future, with the unafraid and not should token, we the same ByBut thishave of when had we enough the to say complete confidence with the nor state time the to undertaketles thorns, grapes and the have we may Psalmist: given shall be gospel the in order which if figs the areand to willing the pay we the nations of or races of the to any less. cost they ours Whileprice—and is I shall shepherd; to not reguLord The attempt not my should earth. Weis a rigid world governed by unand want. little wrist our by program late God's law,wavering free has agency, he man lie pasto in green maketh down He me governed insist be that he nor watches to or choose disobey law, the obeymay still tures: waters. leadeth beside the he me has events. of schedule He our bybut of he course abide consethe must soul: in restoreth leadeth he me He my nation, to every gospel the promised his ofquences choice. his for of righteousness name's the paths he people, and tongue, and kindred,

sake. to other thing the folk One young are ready they knows only when he and I valley the through walk Yea, thoughsometimes to probus with you come its blessings. its for. and When message evil: I will fear of death, no of the shadowlems are perplexed conyou when and witness, I bear you my comes, time that staff art thy thy rod for with and me; thou feelfused are inhibited, that and you if will, that he witness, you prophetic comfort me. they

freenot to think express opinions. or of leaders to the will his reveal will in the table before preparest a me Thou to talk free of agency you weWhen people. all his of concerning the Church anointest enemies: of thou presence mine

it explain refers that toand not only said, has over. oil; runneth cup He with head my myactions to opinions, thoughts but and shall follow mercy goodness and Surely

of if the worth that the case.you is always Remember wonder I will dwell of life: and days all the my souls [all souls] me

of sight God; great in the said have forever. our isSome of you to us, "But the (Psalm of Lord house in the

your Redeemer the Lord For, behold is expressright to opinions our own flesh; wherefore he 23.) in the suffered death or abridgedtrammeled authoriby the

that all of the suffered pain men, all mentative of parents, statements teachers, him. unto repent We pray this may be true for all of and come might

and others. And he hath risen again from the dead, us in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Young people, we will protect your freedom to think, to express your thoughts, and to search for truth. We

want you to continue that search fearlessly. We promise you will be uninhibited in that search. You should

remember, however, that God has given us sources through which we may have Wednesday Morning Session, April 6, 1955 some authoritative answers. Not all the

answers, no! If we had all the answers,

there would be an end to the search.

We must not expect to have all the answers immediately, for God himself inhis wisdom has withheld some of them. "To Kick Against the Pricks"

We believe in continued and continuing revelation, and that means that we beto are thingslieve there known be made beby Spencer W. Kimball know. do notwhich now we We

lieve it is a good thing to reserve judgOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE ment on problems that are difficult of solution until more light comes. This

principle of withholding judgment and young Indian lad in my presence that what I say this morning might be waiting for new revelation should apply recently bore his testimony, and he beneficial to someone.

in all fields of learning. Scientists said: "I am proud that I am a

said, thou Jesus at times, Lord definite statements I am rather whom And themake that proud, proud, more ANavajo. I am

it to for kick thee persecutest: is hard to see lived them of us havebut some I still more and Mormon, I am am a pricks. (Acts 9:5.) the against findings their oreither abandon amend priesthood,"the and I hold that proud

truth. discovered of lightin newly the I great this is feel in the today that way powerto the speaking Lord was The still searching are scientists as longAs this anniversary. hunassembly on One of figure, of ChrisTarsus, Saul ful Paul as as long new discovering and sixand years people twentyfive ago dred and I just tianity. often wondered what insist is upon promised,revelation why first conference; together in the gathered authority this one I found meant. who is conviction Itfinal answers now? my sessions ten this conference some and at this: offered will revelation we come whenthat its new I capacity. to filled building the have

to the truth we learned to live uphave that that the bear witness work we are patience. counsels have. Wisdomnow of the the in is Lord work engaged in stifle...andThosesmotherwho thekick convictionsat the goad,of conthat

And so, with respect to some things all its comprehensiveness, and I am science, that rebel against God's truths and that now seem difficult to understand, grateful that I am a member of the laws, that quarrel with His providences, we can well afford to wait until we have Lord's Church. I have prayed much (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 425 Spencer W. Kimball Continued thersorrow."the fate(Ibid.,of 1:3.)the fighters.He outlines furthat persecute well stretch his forth might As and puny oppose His man ministers, circles. widening right, he was He because.. its they to stop the river reprove Missouri in decreed arm them fly in and assured himself; yield he could not the face... it of their in course, or to turn reprovers, stream. up they. kick against good conscience; his he pride. had His the pricks, will and a have great deal to children did not accept his philosophy for. answer (Commentaries are so chosen? by few Henry Why M wholly, Scott.) their but confidence shaken. was

In their frustration, they married out Because their hearts are set so much upon

A goad is defined as a spear or a sharp of the Church, and he lost them. He the things of this world, and aspire to the

pointed stick used to sting or prick. later realized his folly and returned to honors of men, that they do not learn this

lesson one burro The kicks humbleness, late. so but the very who sharp had instruHe

... rights of the priesthood the That lost ment with is his is "It children. which he for being hard thee is prodded

.. it is conferred us true; be upon may kicking to at the pricks., kick against pricks."the His retaliation does sins, but undertake to cover our. when we little to damage the sharp stick or to Ezekiel said: Prophet The to gratify or pride, our our vain ambition

it him wields who but brings distress in of degree any unrighteousness, be-...

to the foot it. that fathers kicks The eaten sour grapes, have and hold, the heavens withdraw themselves;

I well remember in my youth a neighthe children's teeth are set on edge. (Ezekiel the Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when

bor who moved about for some days 18:2.) it is withdrawn, Amen to the priesthood or

the authority of that crutches. man. on was evasive He when

is There is the resisted ere Behold, is he release aware, left who man he unto asked the cause of his misfortune, but himself, to kick positions against from pricks, in the to persethe Church. knew He ear an witness told as me, he chuckled: cute saints, the to fight and against positions God. were trusts, temporary but he "John stubbed his toe a chair on in the (Ibid., 121:3338.) criticized the presiding leader had who night in his and quick, fierce anger, he released him, complaining that proper kicked the chair and broke his toe."The such the defy Of Lord, trample who recognition not given; been had the time rocking chair rocked on on, and and perhis sacred ordinances, fight upon his it not had propitious; been a been had haps smiled at the stupidity of man. leaders, this the to Lord has say: reflection his effectiveness. upon He first king The of Israel quarreled with bitterly built a for case himself, up abProvidence. His all are lift stubbornness Cursed those that cost shall up him sented himself his from meetings, and his the heel against kingdom anointed, saith mine and brought the forth the causjustified himself in his resultant esLord, cry tic they and sinned have they denunciation when from his prophet:

trangement. His children partook of have not sinned before me, saith the Lord,

For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, his frustrations, and his children's chilbut have done that which was meet in mine and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. dren. In later life he "came to himself,"eyes, and which I commanded them.

Because thou hast rejected those But the cry it transgression who of word the do and the brink on of the grave an made Lord, he hath also rejected because they are the thee servants of sin, from being and aboutface. His family efnot would king. (I are Samuel the 15:23.) children of disobedience themfect the transformation which now

... he selves.

give his would life to have make. them O foolish monarch! Given power, unto shall them;... they be severed Wo

pride wealth, Haughty induces How selfish! opportunity, the from why of ordinances throw house. mine them

all away? The Prophet Samuel deeating sour grapes, and innocent ones... they themselves shall be despised by

nounced the independent, arrogant Saul; have their teeth set on edge. "It is those that flattered them.

shall They not for thee to kick to against have right pricks."the priestthe the superior, unhumble Saul; the proud, hard

their nor posterity after them from a child, I was used the hood, When conceited we Saul:

expression, "He cut off his nose to generation to generation. (Ibid., 121:1617,

19,21.) thou little wast When in thine sight, spite face."his own us, that that To meant wast thou not the made of head the tribes one fighting against fate, was rebellof Israel, last In the and the century the Lord anointed Lord conthee king ing against the inevitable, damaging over Israel? (Ibid., 15:17.) Brother a demned Babbitt: Almon to himself spite others, his breaking toe

There is the man who rebelled to give vent to his senseless anger.... behold, he aspireth to establish his

against the call of Brigham Young to Eight lovely children had blessed the counsel which I have ordained, even that go to southern valleys, saying: "Notemple marriage of a man and woman of the Presidency of my Church; and he

body is going to tell me where to go who in later years were denied a temple setteth up a golden calf for the worship of and what to do."Through his personal recommend. They would not be so my people. {Ibid., 124:84.)

rebellion, this dealt with by bishop. young he took his entire Why family out

should they be deprived He was like those Romans of whom of the Church. humiliatand little How he retarded

the colonization program! The valleys ed? Were they less worthy than others? Paul spoke:

this settled argued that Theywere in boybishop spite was of him. little How

is the For of wrath revealed strict, from too God his too orthodox. disaffection Never would injured the Church!

all against heaven ungodliness unand It active, they be enter nor has the of door grown steadily without him. But righteousness of men.... that as as long Church that bishop has hehow suffered in his eternal prothat, Because they they when knew God, presided.gression. They would In him. show contrast, The there were.. glorified many not him as God, but became

of is history this tragic. family pulled stakes,who The up in vain their to imaginations, moved their foolish.and new

worlds, and reared families of faith four younger ones were never baptized; heart was darkened.

and devotion. the,, four older ones never were ordained, Professing themselves to be wise, they

There are many who, because trouendowed, nor sealed. No missions were became fools. (Romans 1:18, 21, 22.)

filled a For although this family. have by man the may parents many Todaybles come, cease to praying the Lord,

revelations, to have and power do ill many are still at ease, defiant. had They letting of loose the very rod of protecworks, [the said] yet Lord if he covered themselves a cloud, with and mighty attion the precise moment that when boasts his strength, in sets at own and righteous prayers could not pass through. is so vital.handhold counsels the of naught God, follows and (See 3:44.) Lam. is the There satisfy after to who, the dictates his of man his will carnal and own

own egotism, took a stand against the Sour grapes! Such unhappy food! desires, he must fall and incur the vengeance

of him. upon a just GodAuthorities of the (D. & C. 3:4.) Church. followed He works, designs, the The purand the and pattern,the usual first, not at apostasy of poses cannot frustrated, be neither God Harris Martinonly superiority of chastised was knowledge by the and mild they can come to naught. 3:1.) C. (D. &

ascriticism. Redeemer loved the brethren, He he

a wicked... set at has man,said, naught who failed they but to see interpret and the But individual fights who them counsels the of God, has and the broken like. stillas he would would finds love He disillusionment, disappointment, sacred most promises which were bemadethe Church, maintained, he his but ".. misery. and said: Lord The. the fore God, has and his depended upon owncriticism grew into and developed everrebellious shall be pierced with (Ibid., much wisdom. 3:1213.)

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Only the transgression of His people he warned. It was a boomerang. He time....'And he died with a smile

can nullify the work of the Lord, He reminded them of the fate of the inon his face."

says. And Jacob laments: fluential Theudas with his great swellPeace, sweet peace, finally comes to

his ing yield to words, all the his they vaunted knowledge, humbly when men frailties, the vainness, the and and O brilliant Spirit. logic, his superior of pressures mind, gentle the who.. foolishness. ofthe men! they are When his following of with kicked hundreds of story of transformation the The theylearned think wise, they are they and pricks,""against the resisted truth, is of Paul. that not unlike Alma Withhearken the unto not of counsel for God,

they set it aside, supposing they know of fought against God, and "came to his companions he set about to "steady themselves, wherefore, their wisdom is foolnought."the ark,"to set straight the leaders of

ishness and it profiteth them not. And He spoke of Judas of Galilee and his the Church, and to take over the minds

they shall perish. (2 Nephi 9:28.) vain philosophies and his flattering of the people. These young men were

folbrilliant, words impressive. his eloquent, brought which and him The continue to try to create Men God, oblivion. of lowing Early "as in leaders the angel a spoke cloud Lord whoseto control his to thwart God, and purit are linked of of those a voice with names were with thunder Joseph whichposes but:

to shake,"have gone. earth the the come and caused and and Hyrum

revelations opened, flowed, to Heavens astonished the earth, and Alma men fell fail His purposes not, neither are there lifeless. Posiministered holy angels Carried to them. becoming and dumbany his can stay who hand.

From eternity to eternity he is the same, tions of trust were given them, but with helpless to his father he was recovered and his years never fail. (D. & C. 76:3-4.) it all there came arrogance, jealousies, after long fasting and prayer by those

and disaffections. who loved him. In his remorse he cried

But men in their egotism continue out:

to try. Against men like these, Paul For their vine is of the vine of Sodom,

warned his colleague: and of the fields of Gomorrah: their grapes I was in the darkest abyss but now I beare grapes of gall, their clusters are bitter: hold the marvelous light of God. My soul

O Timothy, keep that which is committed Their wine is the poison of dragons, and was 'wracked with eternal torment, but I to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain the cruel venom of asps. (Deut. 32:3233.) am snatched and my soul is pained no more.

babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called. (I Tim. 6:20.) Are not these the selfplanted, selfIt took courage for Alma and the

nourished, and selfharvested grapes of princes to admit they were wrong, but

Caesars The burned the early striving about Saints "zealously to they went egotistical wrath? man, O stupid O

as torches, subjected to injuries the all the them claws which they had of self only profanes repair he man! Thinking

of wild beasts in the coliseums, drove the way of the Lord and brings sorrow done to the church."(See Mos. 27:35.)

them underground into the catacombs, to his posterity whose roses turn to We quote Paul again:

confiscated their property, snuffed and fruit ashes, skinonly becomes whose lest spoil Beware any you lives, through theirout man all to avail, but for no sour. stones. are grapes so covered The philosophy deceit, vain after and tradithe firesthe of sacrifice devotion and were terrifying responsibility! a such How of tion after the men, of rudiments the intensifiedonly thereby. "It is for kick to against hard the thee world, after not Christ. and (Col. 2:8.)

The persecutors decapitated John the pricks."

Baptist, ran a lance through the Apostle The antediluvians were a law unto

James, and according to tradition marBut wo unto him that has the law given, themselves and locked doors against tyred the missionary, Paul, and cruciyea, and that has all the commandments themselves. Jonah, in his egotism, took

fied the mighty Simon Barjona. They of God, like unto us, and that transgresseth offense when the repentance of Nineveh

failed of purpose. Where a relatively them, and that wasteth the days of his rendered unnecessary the fulfilment of

few contemporaries ever heard probation, for awful is his state! (2 Nephi his them, prophecy. Judas fought against God

hundreds of millions since have been 9:27.) and suffered the buffetings of Satan.

enlightened by their doctrines and inSherem with his learning, his eloquence spired by their testimonies. In a page from the journal of the and his flattery, sought to turn away

this: find Prophet Joseph, 3:30 "At we people faith, from the simple if fail kill will and died their he "Mormonism we

I p.m. with [and Brigham met Young in remorse and humiliation. tried said Nehor as a century they agoprophet,"

office."in others he named] whom my to his advance cause, increase own his in cold Joseph Smiththey murdered

this: to Oliver then "Write And Cowpopularity, lead and a following his with grins their fiendishblood. Undoubtedly

if dery ask not he eaten has and him criticisms flatteries, and and to at came foulof satisfaction a such deed changed to perturbed grimaces when husks long enough? If he is not almost ignominious death. Korihor, with his

they came to realize that they had been ready to return, be clothed with robes teachings of intellectual liberty and his but kicking against sharp points, inof righteousness, and go up to Jerusarationalizations, followed his temporary juring only themselves. Mormonism lem? Orson Hyde hath need of him."popularity with begging in the streets.

was not destroyed by the cruel martyr- (History of the Church, Vol. 5, pp. 366, The Jonahs and Almas and Korihors

dom, but here was its vitality. The 368.) live on and undertake to cover their

bullettorn flesh fertilized the soil; the This is likely reminiscent of the prodisins, gratify their pride, and vain ambiblood they shed moistened the seed; gal son whose sad fate brought him to tions. They grieve the Spirit of the

and the spirits they sent heavenward the eating of husks with the swine after Lord, withdraw from holy places and will testify against them throughout he had turned from the luxurious board righteous influences, and in the words of eternities. The cause persists and grows. of plenty at his father's table. And like the Savior:

of rare the opporhim, modern man Pharisee doctor noted the Gamaliel, Behold, ere he is aware, is left he unto his against conscience, fought tunity of of Tarsus, teacher Saul law,of the himself, to kick against pricks, the to persefinally stifled his best impulses; and ashis did perception deeper than cute thehad saints fight to and against God. earthly the near powers an were when (D. priests C. 121:38.) chiefsociates, the would & who

in influence his largely the end, world Apostles. warned: slain thehave He

terminated, he "came to himself"back But be it said to the everlasting glory... take heed to yourselves what ye into the program he had resisted. Many of men, numerous good people who have

tend t do as touching these men.... teeth had been set on edge in the years tasted of and recovered from offense,

let these them and men, Refrain from sterile of years. his unproductive, His to realize having come that so long as

if this this or be for counsel workalone: brotherin-law, said David Whitmer, mortality exists live and we work with

it to nought: willof come men, of restored to the him as he was Church imperfect people; will there and misbe if it overthrow of cannot ye God, be But life: late in understandings, offenses, injuries to and fight toit; lest even found ye be haply

against God. (Acts 5:35, 3839.) "Oliver died the happiest man I ever sensitive feelings. The best of motives

saw. After shaking hands with his famare often misunderstood. It is gratifyWhat sagacity! How wise this learnily and kissing his wife and daughter, he ing to find many who, in their bigness

ed man! "Take heed to yourselves"said: 'Now I lay me down for the last (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 427 * small child, I never would allow him to

Spencer W. Kimball continued look at a comic book until I had looked

through it myself, and if it contained of soul have straightened out their Christ'and his program, could shout one thing suggestive of anything but the thinking, swallowed their pride, forgiven with the Prophet Joseph Smith: highest principles, that child, if I had

what they had felt were personal slights.... Let your hearts rejoice, and be exthe power, would not see that book.

Numerous others who have walked criticeedingly glad.... Comic books in the home are a poor

cal, lonely, thorny paths in abject And let the sun, moon, and the morning substitute for activity on the part of let all finally together, correction, of stars sing the misery, accepted sons and have children. their to relation in parents

let joy. for creeternal the shout And errors, God their cleansed acknowledged evil. untold do, often do, can and They ever! forever declare ations his and name bitterness, again of hearts have and come entertainment. are poor best, they At is glorious I say, again voice the And how

to peace that coveted peace, which to learning a child how stop from They in heaven, proclaiming hear our from is we so conspicuous in its absence. And the ears, glory, and salvation, and honor, and read well. They stultify his desire to

frustrations of criticism, bitterness, and immortality, and eternal life; kingdoms, learn good literature, and he ends up

the resultant estrangements have given principalities, and powers! (Ibid., 128:2223.) by being a picture gazer, able to absorb

place to warmth and light and peace. May God bless us all that we may live ideas through that means only.

And all those who have come into the near him always, I pray in the name of I am ever grateful to my uncle, and to warmth of the love of the Lord Jesus Jesus Christ. Amen. my own parents for getting me in the

line of reading good things. I well recall two incidents. One day there came

to my door the postman, and he brought a magazine known then as the Cosmopolitan. In that day it was not what it

is today. It was considered to be a highclass magazine, about as high as they

come in America. My name was on it,

and there was a note accompanying it, and it said: "You are to have this subscription for a whole year, with love Joys of Childhood Uncle Lee."I was then six years old,

and I could no more understand the words in that magazine than I could by S. Dilworth Young haveone. understoodBut it wasan myangel,magazine,had I seenand

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY every month I watched for it, and every month I tried to justify my uncle's confidence in me that he thought I could understand such a thing. The gift,

assure you, my brethren and sisters, five o'clock for home, will walk down even though not understood, built in me that it is an easy thing to be a folthe street, or along the village road, a pride that I wanted to measure up.

I lower of Brother Spencer Kimball, and will arrive eventually at his own Another time he stood in the library domicile. in the the next addresses in There and is where both making test of the old house on Fourth supEast—I comes. gentleness of His and Church. the work pose he in the knew I was house—and those conto kindness with he whom I burst into library, the allotted In the few moments there and to me, he

ducts affairs is known by all of you and I should like to talk about two items, was in front of a bookcase with a book shared by me. Likewise, it is easy to and I do not wish to be misunderstood, open in his hand. He said, "Come

follow the lead of the Presidency. There but I want to be as clear as I know how here."I went there. He read to me a

have been times in my life when I have to be. These have to do with the use of most exciting adventure between some

had to be rebuked. Never yet, however, things in the home which touch that white men and some Indians. He said,

was it done in any way other than in child's character. You heard it said the "This is a great book, and I know you

the utmost gentleness, and I have found other day that Satan has no power over will like it."Then he put it in my

myself more anxious than ever to do a child until eight years of age. I behands, and said, "Read it, and when

betterpricks"—thatwork. particular"Kickingkindagainstof pricksthe mindlieve thatyou toall,be andtrue, myself,but I wishtoo, tothatreyouone equallyfinish readinggood forit,you."I haveThusanotherI beis easy. Satan may have no power to tempt a came acquainted with The Last of the

Saturday I sat for a good part of the child before eight years of age, but some Mohicans, and I thus was led until I meeting in the last session of the of his emissaries go all out to condition could appreciate good literature, and had

Primary conference as those lovely a child so that when he becomes eight learned to read well and rapidly—one

women portrayed to the audience the he will not be conscious that sinning of the greatest gifts I have ever had.

things they do for children in Primary. is very bad. Exposing children, small Brothers and sisters, do not allow

I recalled how in like manner the Sunchildren particularly, to the constant your children to have in their hands day School officers and teachers atbarrage of situations which can affect things which will keep them from learntempt gently to lead children into their outlook on the matters on which ing the art of reading, and which in righteousness, and, as the children grow they must make decisions is a subtle way addition will also give them evil from older, how the Mutual Improvement to bring them into evil later. I suspect pictures which you have not censored

Associations gather them into groups and it is no different with large children. yourselves.

attempt to interpret to them the nature Nowadays the home is one place where The second item is a thing which I of their acts in relation to the gospel the child meets this test. am sure many of you will not agree

a worthy effort. It occurred to me that The first item is comic books, and the about—television—the very thing that

we parents leave too much to them. things we call "funnies."Harmlessis bringing this conference to thousands

It was said in my hearing some time appearing things they are. A frustrated of people. Used correctly it is a great

ago that if a child goes to all of these mother likes to get the supper on, and blessing. Abused, it can be a source of

auxiliary organizations faithfully, he is the child nagging at her can easily be evil. How would you like to have a

bound, all things being equal, to bepacified, if he is old enough, by a handman walk into your home and say to come a good Latterday Saint when he ful of these books. It is easy entertainyour daughter, aged ten, "Look, honey,

grows up. Let me assure you that that ment, and she may feel that the child I have some pictures to show you,"

is true in part, but only if another factor will look at them and gain something and then he shows her some pictures of 'is brought into the picture. from the pictures. halfdressed people performing antics,

That Primary child will leave about If I were a parent again and had a doing lewd things or questionable things 428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or uncultured things. You would do

anything in your power to keep him from entering your house, at and yet the touch "unless we have His message"of a button that is what you have if you do not take care.

No one knows how far it will go, and by George Q. Morris

no one knows where it will stop. You

child—thekeep on feedingsight of tohisa parentschild—alaughingsmall OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

over a humorous situation, happily enin gaged enjoying something, and then "y I sisters, dear brethren and accounting, will so every and and am man having that thing linked to item some for thankful privilege of the being, in world. the woman thewhich producers are trying sell to this in great with you conference, It for to apeasy seems people some is evil,which the and will child con- M thrilled and been have the with meshis in praise Christnect put Jesus and the him laughter evil, with the will and received, sages have beginning with we see it.not evil If any in as very place great a doubt Teacher no keep you that the impressive inspired and message for severalup years, over and again, over a lived great Prophet, a and man who President from until this up McKay, dowhat will think you happen? life. "wise a the wonderful and The I sincerely that pray moment. the Lord I it saw of an example just the other I this. of a doing prudent"have way is direct that to say true which may meday. Sister I Young and to happened be the think rather the and humble meek said. that and he have wouldin a small overnight town our on way as of the the accept Redeemer him Ito a conference, impressed the been with have and having numor an hour

two to spend, we happened to pass a ber of references to and testimonies reworld. He said:

theater which advertised a moving picgarding our Lord and Savior, Jesus ture which was very famous a year or Christ. It is our obligation and our I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven

these hast because thou hid and earth, ago. in. privilegetwo to the world. to proclaim went him We hast the prudent, wise from and and day. of in our the to us The theme has come picture had to do He He thingsrevealed babes. (Matt. 11:25.) unto themwith three men coming home from war, has established for us his Church. He

it first authority his of in and histwo their has placed spend night whom The Lord Jesus Christ is not on trial is directing their families it through with.power, he gettinghome and drunk.

The antics of these drunken men his servant on the earth who stands as before the world. Men should underbrought hysterical laughter from a cerhis representative in the world today. stand that. The world is on trial betain group. It was not the adults. It It is our privilege and our pleasure fore the Lord Jesus Christ, and we will

the shrill, highpitched,was for to laughter account have the attitude taken his divinity, to proclaim joy our andoi small children. do supyou Where his toward and him message, and we of fact, divinity the Jesus that and theypose to at learned sort that laugh accept cannot without accepting his him existis fact of center Christ, the humanof thing? think that you one show Do principles his If doctrines. reand we in truth basic the ence, human and it? causewould No. have been They ject his principles his doctrines, and we life. If are that and not do know for to we longexposed things. a such time

reject If reject his him. divinity, we we it, lives will are entire be the cause. our notMovies Telenot governed by

vision has its share of the blame to failures. Unless we have his message reject him:

take. shall instructions, his not know we and

is liar a but that he that denieth Who it I think a thing be good would is, life shall not we know who what we is is Jesus the Christ? antichrist, that He if instruoursometimes on had we shall are; not are or know what we we denieth the Father the Son. and at in slot a littlements which home we

live; shall not what to know we how Whosoever denieth the Son, the same fifty before to cents drop couldhad we

life, in hath not because the before Father: us place to that aim he fbut] acenjoy a the program. be might That

the knowledged the hath also. Son Father of it gospel is Jesus the through onlydeterrent to programs which some we (I 2:2223.) John truth that the that Christ know we disthe not becauseview do have we

transgresseth, Whosoever and abideth not sustain off. and day us guide day by turn tocrimination should them in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God.

is dining gone room, the truly lives us Nowadays, our and make through us that in abideth the He doctrine Christ, of that sacred place where Father gathered intelligent beings. he hath both the Father and the Son.

at suppertime,his family around him give instruction could and Jesus Christ is the spirit of truth, the (II John 9.)and where he

light the light; truth spirit and of and it acquainted. get has couldthey Now Another thing that the world must intelligence. as being defined has Lord laps of those into thedisappeared who

if understand they will the truth, know intelligent, If truly be we would wesit stools while food gulping small by and will if they only be his concerning truth humble learn the and should favorite their program onthey watch television. character and mission. true before the Lord they will be glad

There will be other evils come, too, if The obligations are such and our reto understand it, is that those who rewe do not control this, and the other lations to him are such that it is our ceive or reject the teachings and testithings which come into our homes unmost serious duty in life to know him monies and admonitions of the servants censored, simply because they are there, and love him and keep his commandof God receive or reject the Lord Jesus and we permit them. Handled correctly ments and thereby know and love our Christ. He said to the seventy when he

television for good. can be an influence Father in heaven keep and his comsent them out to preach the gospel:

it will becomeHandled incorrectly, because he is the messenger a mandments, force for endless evil. from the Father; he is the one chosen of He that heareth you heareth me; and he

I wanted to raise my voice to that the Father to represent him in the earth, that despiseth you despiseth me; and he

extent this morning. My testimony of chosen of the Father to be the Redeemer that despiseth me despiseth him that sent

the gospel of Jesus Christ is sure at this of the world, chosen of the Father to me. (Luke 10:16.)

moment. I hope it will always be so. be the Creator of the world. Into his

If I act right, it will be. I know that hands the Father has placed all things, How important to the world, that they

the President of this Church, President and we are in his hands. One day we understand these simple principles! If

to will before stand of be judged, is the Living and him Prophet theMcKay, for were not the errors, traditions, the as to are, relations will to it our be judged help those that him we who andGod, sins, the the and shortcomings of men, all attitude our I that towards and and myself also, him pledge him and and

I have to the service to which they have whether or not we have listened to his all of the world would accept the Lord called me. In the name of Christ. word and kept his commandments. We Jesus Christ. There is nothing but what

Amen. will all come to that day and to that {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 429 satisfaction regarding what they were

George Q. Morris Continued taught, declaring that the Book of Mormon was truly the sacred record of their

a true heart and a right mind would refrom the children of men, and because of ancestors which had been preserved for joice in. He is perfect. He is love. He the traditions of their fathers. (D. & C. 93: their enlightenment.

is righteousness. He is truth, the perfec39.) In the April issue of The Improvetion of all things, and is devoting his If you keep not my commandments, the ment Era, Elder Golden R. Buchanan,

great power and his whole being to the love of the Father shall not continue with president of the Southwest Indian Mismen. loving and saving of the children of you,(Ibid.,therefore95:12.) you shall walk in darkness. sion,of the describedIndians withsomewhomof thehe traditionshas been

lost people working. wrote: "The He should not accept we Why with him attain or to that wish Anything we

''books.'their their as records But all and hearts? our of because Only our is desirable, that noteattain to should say, the Hopis It isshortcomings! not of because our will of repute, that lovely, good worthy, superior knowledge intelligence and that in exaltation to salvation and our be left not were without hope; were we We reject is It Christ. Jesuswe because we attained will of be the told kingdom white God blue with day young some men lack in superior intelliknowledge and at eyes doors to knocking the would principle of come obedience the Hopi bygence humility and and that meekness to bring us records our would back and and Christ. Jesus Lord

is If rejected.he will faithful be we story. true our would the from They come

is I that witness bear he humble my asand humble, the that east their brethren said and would by have know them we of that Christ, the the Living God, Son call outstretched they this hands, us in and conference, his keep and comwould2 is this his kingdom and and Church sister."brother"and "my "mymandments, will his of we divinknow

is it earth the spreading that throughout ity, it will and be our salvation our and people There be would may who to this spread. In will continue andexaltation.

of validity the question the evidences there conference the announcehas been the ninetythird section of Read the I of in given examples the Indian have of world- a era a on ment when newDoctrine Covenants, the matter and on of of traditions the mainBook Mormon, is visited basis to be the wide Church It is of obedience. the keeping comby all that taining these evidences have regularly, regularly supervised and and of that will gainmandments we God forth of publishing since that the come effect into that plans seen put have we light in truth until filled and are we instigated have book been and by may will line of give finished a us when light truth allwith things and and know it or missionaries. the by Be Mormon encircle that the globe will temples likeand unto in become our Father it that as may! of outposts the of God. kingdomheaven. thing that prevents that The for question important conour The

I will this that bear witness spreading is, as says, revelation the that Satan is: sideration, there however, Are any

it until covers continue earth the the andtakes light us from truth and through available important documents which of will will us done. Give be God disobedience. written prior to the were Indians the by

I pray, Father, power, that be we may O of of publishing the Book Mormon to faithful in true ends, the that these and wicked And one taketh cometh and that furnish peothese evidence which light truth, andaway through of disobedience, Christ. Jesus Amen. name ple traditions had which came down

from their ancestors to the effect that their progenitors at a certain time in the distant past had possessed an important, sacred, religious book, which book could be identified as the Book of Mormon?

I shall answer that question in the affirmative. Yes, we do have some very Indian Traditions of important documents which were written between two and three hundred

years prior to the publishing of the

The Book of Mormon thatBook manyof Mormonyears whichago themakeancestorsthe claimof the American Indians possessed an important, sacred book. These writings

by Milton R. Hunter are so explicit that one could easily beOF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY lieve that the ancient records spoken of

by the Indian writers are the same records as the ones from which the Book dear brethren and sisters, I humwrote an article which was published in of Mormon was translated by the

Spirit the of in and that and prayers graphically described which he the writings of first of these Indian TheMy bly ask an interest in your faith The Improvement Era in March 1952, Prophet.

today. say direct what experiences I may Chief YelGod may had in 1908 by great significance shall be rewhich

I would like to speak briefly on the low Face and his Cree Indians in their ferred to is the Works of Ixtlilxochitl, ofsubject "Indian Traditions of the for search the sacred of their book anwritten family royal Indian of the by an 1 cestors.Book of Mormon."They came northern from approximately In in Mexico A.D. 1600

Since the publishing of that sacred Canada to southern Alberta, camped on these writings he accounts the history, scripture on March 26, 1830, a number the Mormon ranch, and during several traditions, and religious beliefs of his of missionaries have been informed by months'time patiently waited for an people from the time of the migration of various Indians that according to their opportunity to get a copy of the Book the first group from the Tower of Babel disin progenitors theirtraditions the its of contents, be taught and emigrations the with Mormon—continuing

resacred, atant possessed past had that this because they over the sea other knew book was of two groups—andfrom

disapligious book, had volume which record the their of ancestors. After they to the conquest. Spanish on down

peared; and a prominent factor in those had learned of the purpose of the soThe most pertinent portion of his

traditions is the claim that that sacred journ of Chief Yellow Face and membook in relationship to our subject today record would be possessed again by the bers of his tribe, some of the Latterdeals with a very important character

American Indians. On a number of ocday Saints who worked on the Mormon called Hueman. He and his work are

casions these people have identified the ranch spent evening after evening teachdescribed at great length in several difBook of Mormon as the record of their ing the Indians the contents of the Book ferent places in the Works of Ixtlilxoancestors for which, in accordance with of Mormon. The Indian chief and his chitl, his unusual accomplishments

their traditions, they had been waiting followers expressed much joy and deep being highly extolled. If one was to

seeking.and study Ixtlilxochitl's thoughtfully account

Fisher, 'Glen G. "Chief Yellow Face,"The Imformer Elder G. Fisher, Glen Era, (Salt presiprovement Lake City, March 1952), pp. R. 2Golden Buchanan, ibid., "Indian Traditions,"Mission, 180184. of the 148150, dent Western Canadian (Salt City, Lake p. 285. April 1955),

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Hueman and compare it with the similar to the Nephites'account of as they were when possessed by the peoportrayal of the character, personality, Mormon's activities that such a quotaple of ancient America:

activities, and various accomplishments tion constitutes a noteworthy Book of shall the write This under we now Law as described in the Nephiteof Mormon evidence. Mormon

it shall of bring Christianity; and we Godrecord, easily identify one could the two shall second example which I The it life as the to because Vuh, Popol now 3 as being the individual. For samemen give early in called, of an Indian document which be seen more, cannot any was

example, their names are quite similarcontains numerous, marvelous evidences which was clearly seen the coming from the one in the Indian manuscript being sustaining the claims made by the Book the other side of the sea and the narration called Hueman and the other in the of Mormon is known today as the Popol of our obscurity, and our life was clearly seen. original ago, 8 long written book calledNephite account The being Mormon. original Vuh. manuscript was The

its existed, sight the searchto but is hidden is to great claimed a haveEach been in written the a language Quiche by the thinker. to er dethe Great were and is ofprophet to God. claimed Each in Indian faraway GuateQuiche-Maya all scriptions of the the account and how of the generalhave the been head three mala, nearly Central America,... 10 sky the earth and were formed,

is toarmy. 4 claimed have Each been years before the Prophet hundred Joseph

ininstrumental treaty bringing a about translated the account published original of the Smith In Popol speaking Vuh isof treaty in A.D., peace 350 which records. Nephites'the of ancestors from the Between the which QuicheMaya 5 for years. to lasted tenclaimed have past, years the A.D., 1558 distant 1554 in Indians possessed an Inthe and had

I last shall the comparison whichAnd at late Chichicastenango, dian the Dr. Morley, Guatemala, Sylvanus G.

pertinent probablymake, posthe most and greatest accepted sibly the wrote has become by what of the Mayan scholars, is: our subject todayone to Each is important scholars very as a follows: as wrote and unclaimed to have been the compiler of usual document in which he delineated

a very important religious record which the mythology, beliefs, and traditions of The Popol Vuh was also the book of delineated the religious beliefs and hishis people.!) The QuicheMaya Indian prophecy and the oracle of the kings and

lords, [Certainly that exactlytory of the what prevathat there the inhabitants of ancient author claimed was a 6 of was. Book he continues:] Mormon ThenisAmerica. his lent tradition that his people among according to a reference the author which

Since each of us is more or less acancestors in the distant past had at one of the Manuscript makes in another passquainted with the account given in time possessed an important, religious, age, where he states that [Morley quoting the Nephite record of Mormon's activisacred book which had disappeared, directly from the sixteenth century docuties, under the direction of the Lord, in being had no more by his people, and ment] "Great lords and wonderful men taking a thousand years accumulation so he wrote his manuscript to replace were the marvelous kings.... They knew

if there be war, would everything and was lost that book.of records compiling and from them and

if clear before their eyes; there they saw story his of theabridging book in one Father Francisco Ximenez, Catholic a if be there hunger, death and would

taskpeople, comwas which momentous priest officiated St. in the who Tomas would strife. well be there that They knew was

hispleted a brought and son Moroni by church at Chichicastenango, obtained it place could there that be seen, where was,,:n latter the theforth in days under they called a book title the which manuscript the Popol Vuh. from the QuicheMaya

of the Book of Mormon, I shall not Indians approximately 1600 A.D. No

spend time to discuss that point further. doubt he had won their good will and This quotation reminds one of King

I would like, however, to quote directly thereby was able to borrow this manuMosiah and King Benjamin, great from the Works of Ixtlilxochitl wherein script for the purpose of translating it Nephite prophets, seers, and revel ators.

he described Hueman as a collector and from Quiche into the Spanish language. The late Dr. Morley adds the followcompiler of the sacred records of his After his work was completed, Father ing interesting comment:

people. While meditating on this parXimenez's translation of the Indian

final in the paragraph, the And Quiche to quotation, thoughtticular the came in manuscript form remained document a with adds melancholic accent this quotation reading that uponme fifty chronicler for approximately hundred two that is said has all his he in what works that easily he imagine was couldone it years before discovered pubwas and that has of preserved the been ancient of account the MorNephitereading in lished the Since language. Spanish Quiche, longer "because no (the be seen can

activities as keeper writer and amon's it several that in has time appeared of the book Popol kings the Vuh) which 12 sixteenth the records.of from quote To editions, as it in as in well Spanish f6r times, French olden had disappeared."had

century Indian document: and German. It was not until five

years ago (1950), however, that it was Since the time that Father Francisco

And before going on I want to make an translated and published for the first Ximenez translated the sixteenth cenaccount of Hueman, the astrologer.... Betime in English, the translation being tury Popol Vuh from Quiche into Spanall histogether thefore gathered he dying ish, scholars speculathave done much the Delia and famous Goetz by made

creation the had,tories the from Tultecas ing this regarding lost Indian book. scholar, Sylvanus G. Morley.

[his] time, that and Mayanof the world up to its guesses regarding They have made the manuscript QuicheMaya large book, in very a pictured When themhad it authorship, the language in which first title. written, all persecutions their pictured it had were was nowhere The

and hardships, prosperities and good hapIndian writer claimed that the lost was written, the writing materials used, penings, kings and lords, laws and good Quiche book was called the Popol Vuh, its probable contents, and numerous government of their ancestors, old sayings and so it was natural for the publisher other things. For example, as early as

sacriidols, temples, examples, good 1600and A.D. Father wrote: Ximenez to this of sixteenth century document

fices, rites had, that they ceremonies and after call of it the the Popol name Vuh architecture, the philosophy,astrology, and is that truth such a never apbook The lost book. the QuicheMaya meanThe resuarts, a as as well bad,other and good it peared seen, is has been nor thus and

sixof to according ing the Popol Vuh, science, all of knowledge, the things of if this of notme writing known way was by prosperous and adverse battles, and many teenth century document, is The Book painting, as those of Mexico, or by knotother things; and he entitled his book callof the People, or The Book of the ting string as the Peruvians; you may beinterpreted well which,ing it Teoamaxtli, it or Princes, lieve that The Book Community. of the 13 was by painting on woven Various Things andmeans of God cloth. titles, Divine It to white that according those seems

call Scripnatives the HolyBook: now The of the the content Book of Mormon,

Bible]tures Teoamoxtli, the [meaning intriguing Probably the most one of fitting for very also be the Nebe- would... 7 is it same, the almostcause lost subjects regarding the of the book phite records.

scholars on QuicheMaya which have

I shall directly the quote from now describing quotation marvelous This is: of speculated the has become "What in Popol evaluate let each and one Vuh writing or in activitiesthe of Hueman original course Popol Of none Vuh?"his of possibility this the record mind is so important a very bookcompiling of to has the that answer known them referring of to records the Book Mormon question they any more than have

3Works and Thomasof Ixtlilxochitl,Stuart Ferguson,cited in,AncientMiltonAmericaR. Hunterand HPopol Vuh, The Sacred Book of the Ancient known the answers to the other questhe Book of Mormon (Oakland, California, 1950), pp. QuicheMaya, (Eng. tr. by Delia Goetz and Sylvanus (Continued on following page)

337346. G. Morley, Norman, Oklahoma, 1950), pp. 1-767.

342354. 'Ibid., quote 7980. the late Morley: Dr. Ibid., pp. manuscript "This pp. To

*>Ibid., 349370. is, nibid., vigorous, without the literary, doubt, most 19, 225. and pp. pp.

*Ibid., pp. 337338, 341342. significant effort achieved by the American Indian in Ibid., pp. 19, 234235.

'Ibid., pp. 337338. the field of mythology and history."Ibid., p. 75. Ibid., p. 18.

JUNE 1955 431...

Moroni had completed the abridgment

Milton R. Hunter Continued of the Jaredite records, he wrote:

I write things few a Wherefore, moretions this subject record they of a on Enos, which on the son and Jacob

I to that supposed; which had It is speculated.have firm opinion keeper, that the Lamanites knowing my

of to had contrarythat be they perhaps worth may my.. as of of thethat we members Church in Lamanites, brethren, the some future18 Christ ifJesus of Latterday a Saints it have that, in their... swore were wrath of the to will the Lord. according day,

far better chance to know the answers possible, they would destroy our [the Nephites'] all us, records also the and andto scholars, questions such the do than I of that bear the witness MorBook dilitraditions fathers, of our [praying of restoration thebecause of gospel the that of the contains and word God mon. gently, asking] that the Lord Godof Christ, the appearJesus numerous it originally holy prophwritten by was of preserve record. a. the would people, my of theances the Angel Moroni, and ets that be the knowledge with it would.. it forth. that Nephites brought be might

coming forth of the Book of Mormon. at some future day unto the Lamanites.. preserved to be brought forth in the latter

Since I firmly believe that the days for the benefit of the descendants

.. that covenanted and he with he of Inme the American IndiansQuicheMaya of Guatemala Lamanites—the. bring records] [the forth are would them unto dians. declared purIn of the fact, one of ofdescendants the Book Mormon

... the in his Lamanites due time own poses of preserving writing that and aspeoples of ancient I beAmerica,

its preface, in is proclaimed sacred booklieve trace also that the other Indians fathers Lord said unto back me: And Thy

"... declares written that it was also of this required have thing; and whichto ancestry, the me natural it is but same

it shall the Lamanites."be done unto them according to to to regard the lost QuicheMayafor me

... faith; Since disappeared the knowledge of all the thingsPopol from their which Vuh,

among the ancestors of the Quiches... I Enos went about among the peoof which I have spoken was so widely

to years ago, bemany, the Book many of ple Nephi, is It records. that I evident heard had and.. seen.. testifying16 of the things victionhad by thethatNephites,the Lamanitesit is my werefirm conalsoof Mormon

they were lost or disappeared when fully aware of the records and the promMoroni, the last historian of the Nephite The latter two historians of the Neises contained therein to their posterity.

race, hid them in the Hill Cumorah in phite nation, like the prophets during the Following the close of Nephite history, 421 A.D. A knowledge of the activities early period, had firm convictions that certainly the Lamanites and their Inof the compilers of the ancient records, the records would be preserved and dian descendants would hand such

their contents, and finally their sudden brought forth in the latter days to the knowledge down from age to age by tradisappearance was carried down from descendants of the Lamanites. Shortly dition to the present time, which has

age to age by the Indians through trabefore his death, Mormon recorded in actually happened; and so it is easily

dition to the sixteenth century, when at the records a sermon to the descendants understandable wby the Indians who that time a QuicheMayan recorded the of the Lamanites in which he said: live in various parts of the Americas

traditions of his people, according to the have similar traditions of the Book of late Dr. Morley,... I would speak somewhat unto the Mormon. These Indian traditions, to

remnant of this people who are spared,.. my way of thinking, provide important

this behold, For for the intent evidences sustaining the claims for substitute as the Libro a Natioby... made

that ye will concerning is knowwritten your lost or [original the book from Popolnal Nephite constitutVuh writers—thereby fathers, the and...also marvelous works which reas a to read"kings used "thewhich 14 ], ing additional important of Book Morthe were of by power God among of the accounts versionvision a and new 17wrought evidences. mon them. the venerable in preserved beenwhich had I to bear witness things, these I and disappeared.15 alreadybook had which in so of do the Christ. Jesus name Following after death Mormon's and

Amen.

In our present discussion, I have pur10Enos 1319.

posely presented Indian traditions of 17Mormon 7:1, 9. 18Moroni 1:4.

the Book of Mormon from four widely separated sections of the country: the

first from Canada; the second from Arizona; the third from Mexico; and the

fourth from Guatemala. My purpose

was to show that traditions prevailed somewhat universally among the various Wednesday Afternoon Session, April 6, 1955

American Indian tribes to the effect that their ancestors in the distant past had possessed an important, sacred, religious book, which volume had disappeared, tobut, according many of the tradi- "Men Are, That They tions, preserved mysteriously would be and eventually brought again to the descendants of the inhabitants of ancient America. It is obvious that thesetraditions fit well with what has actually Might Have Joy"

happened in regard to the Book of Mormon.

Why should not the Indians have reby Adam S. Bennion

ceived through tradition the knowledge of the fact that their progenitors in anOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE cient America had had a sacred book is for since evidencewritten them, all for of I exyou, chairs. myself and gathremember You when we of which the inabundant Book Mormon For press gratitude to Singing these circle in ered a Mothchairs the around and were clearly that Lamanites theshows ers. I grateful loveliness that the the host chair a am took out time each rivals their fact that of thewell aware their lullabies of has sublimated been so around, that there chair one was prophthe that keepers record andwere their holiness of into the under hymns fewer than people. knew when we Weets destrucpredicted the eventual had Sister inspirational of leadership the last got to the three chairs or four down of nation the the Nephitetion and [Florence it. Jepperson] Madsen. that that chairs Well, was the have of for records the thepreservation

sit this of afterall us here Those been out three! who taken but descendants? For example,Lamanites'

still turn, subject to noon, our I Brother know Richard Evans have and

Ibid., p. 61. that this is the hour. It reminds me of been sitting here together for three days,

Wbid., p. 20. the time when we used to play musical observing to each other that there is

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for great glad: exceedingly Rejoice, and be look the littlestrength caught this in that and woman men audience—strong persecuted so for in is heaven: reward your that, face, in her know would youand remarkable women. you. before which were prophets the they body, the cripple affliction can while an It is intriguing that in know to me to 5:1112.) (Matt.

spirit. a it such handicap never can six years a quartera hundred and members have grown into a million and a A few weeks later I went down to I think sometimes we let the negaquarter people. That is a wonderful Zion Park [Utah] Stake. I shall be tive aspects, the disciplinary aspects, the

achievement in the Lord's work. grateful all the rest of my days for the prohibitive aspects crowd out the teachvisit. family one In of that inspiration I gospel. of wish joys the the of we ing I grateful to here today be doubly am affliction I I as there saw think much little while a thinking center our as might I last this conbecause missed October famone in other I ever seen any have gospel, living of the the in joys today hospital,ference. of Recently the out risen have people ily. good those But privilege as a obligation but as an notI at that convalescing But home. was president it wonderfully. so The above life. in privileges richest of the oneexperience has brought something me the in served there stake the of down I I inthat this afternoon could perhaps have had time no have Did we is that he it miracle a almost war, and

I gratefulother here stand today like the way. to meaning on expand should plate steel alive. a wears back He camefor talk of in blessings the Father language joy. heaven ordinary our of In we index the plate, cranial with a now, I withis if happigoodness. bring gladness, pleasure, joy,and you as and my

it is there. His that forehead across the this priesthood, to in allness of bethe the power But synonymous. ness were feet she arthritically, with wife, stricken

of these the joy ofcause good under hands the from passage Book Mormon my until were they upon walk hardly could

I Pleasure, in blessedbrethren, to have back richer far been a meaning. has over, and all and made broken anew

I is gratification strength.health the essentially power a and know mind, my that twisted gnarled and so her hands

I is senses. seems of this of the in priesthood, Happinessof healing and one you hand, her shake to as reach you

is. it born in of contentment center kind to agive witness that you my blessing. give her a Two could wish you fortuitous of or fortune of some good conference. This has a been wonderful then family into and the fine boys born certain reveals a joy circumstance. ButI sat of time here the with have much girl, the little under child, a third the exaltation. spiritual I to throat. ina honored lump am my invalided Rhnegative, of complications

be here. I rejoice in the power of the through eight years. I want to tell you As someone has said: "Joy is more inleadership of this First Presidency. They that when you walk into that home and tense than happiness, deeper than gladare among the strongest men ever to catch the spirit of the father and the ness, to which it is akin, nobler and

guide the destinies of this Church. I mother and you watch the boys rush more enduring than pleasure."As I

pay my tribute to my brethren. It is a over to help the little child who, when have been thinking about it, joy seems

sustaining force to have every one of she falls, cannot get up, when you kneel to me to be essentially spiritual and has them give us his blessing for this expein the home and you listen to the prayers an abiding quality with a hint of eternal rience. These are strong men, as you of that family, with their gratitude to bliss.

know from the evidence of this conferAlmighty God for the kindness he has How may we aspire to this thing ence. They are devoted men, and in shown to them, you know that the goscalled the joy of living? We cannot buy

their hands you can feel good about the pel is the power of God unto salvation. it; it is not for sale in the market place,

future of this great Church. Well, in the light of those two expenor can you go out to cultivate it di-

I pray that the few minutes I occupy riences I should like to join with you rectly. At best it seems to be a sort of

I may be in tune with the Spirit, the for just a little while this afternoon in byproduct. It is an end result achieved

uplifting Spirit, that we have felt all consideration of one of the richest from worthy performance.

the way through this conference. declarations ever made. I love the Book I come to you today with three suggessince so ever done have of and Mormon for joy: the tions that about I think always concerned make I am

I afternoon this youngster. For I a was teachings. effect of ourcarryover The I. it first find in place, the In can we of second book the from chosen have is the of Paul, in thegospel, language the world. the has been There work of

to dethat I want passage the Nephi these salvation, of and untopower God all strong, retoo perhaps tendency, a conferences and all of our meetings and velop just a little with you: cently, to coddle the children we love.

itself are of gospel genius thethe very atstate legislature In our in an own transnot had behold, if Adam And now, live. to better to the help usmeant to protect could tempt children, we fallen, but he have not gressed he would

Each week we go out to some stake would have remained in the garden of easily do them a great disservice. I noor to some mission. Each Monday Eden. And all things which were created tice this morning that our governor inmorning I come back lifted up and built must have remained in the same state in dicates that he would be willing to call

created; after they were were they legislature in the which also to corthe into session faith but in back not onlyup my

forever, and remained have must and they is rect of there of the people because goodness the mistake the noassurance among whom we labor. I bear you had no end. great wisdom in putting a premium upwitness that the evidence we get week And they would have had no children; on idleness, either for children or for

in remained have wherefore they would a men. is better gospel the after that makes week

joy, for they state of having no innocence, it their transforms women; andmen has Lord the what remember You for they good, misery; doing no knew no

of I hint to from two lives; want and shalt face of thy said: the sweat "In sin. no knew

that things of the conferences someour 3:19.) eat (Gen. bread."And thou

all things been done have behold, But again. theshall same never leave me is passage this in John. wonderful all there of knoweth in the wisdom him who

When I was introduced to the home things. When the Savior was criticized for someat which I was to stay in Klamath thing he did on the Sabbath, he an-

[OregonCalifornia] Stake, I felt a litAnd now for my theme: swered his accusers by saying, "My

hostess, work."hitherto, the the Father worketh and I becausetle embarrassed

fell be; that and might men men Adam presistake 5:17.) of the of (Johnwife a member

2: joy. are, that they Nephi might (2 have chair, crippled wheel in a wasdency, passage then that memorable 2225.) And

from the effects of polio for twenty from Ecclesiastes:

years. But the look in her face conThat same sentiment is echoed in one "The sleep of a labouring man is

vinced me that I need have no misof the greatest documents ever given to sweet, whether he eat little or much: (I

in that around the Beatitudes wheels in the Sermon mankind, givings. She I not been have am glad rich—because of kindliness You remember to the on the Mount. chair, thanks.wheel line says) that this next.. but the abun-

a good husband, as if the house had every paragraph in that great document dance of the rich will not suffer him to been built just for her. She wheels out begins with a blessing. "Blessed are the sleep."(Ecclesiastes 5:12.)

of all spirit,"in through poor and range and so on the kitchen between into the life blessed the All enjoyed I have my of paragraph concluding the the In prepares them. she table where serving

privilege living of love people with who ye, are it "Blessed for great that document, ready has a turn, and food, makes

I in a rejoice helpmate to work. who perserevile shall you, and Sunday a teaches when distribution. men She

School class, is a leader in Relief Socute you, and shall say all manner..."delights in keeping up our home. Born

ciety, and if you ever shook hands with—you remember it. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 433 Adam S. Bennion continued in Yetthe I Godwill ofrejoicemy salvation.in the Lord,(Hab./ will3:1718.joy

Italics added.)

in a country town out in this valley, I the pride we feel as we come into it, Yesterday, all day long, we had the still thrill as I think of the work of two and then the joy of children as they privilege of sitting in an inspirational men, Robert and Willard Pixton, who come to bless it. I still think that the meeting with these good mission presiwere pioneers in my town. They birth of a baby surpasses the greatest dents. I could wish in some magical

prided themselves that there was never miracle ever wrought. The joy in the way their messages might be brought to

a weed in the potato patch. They secoming of the children, their developall of you because it was a day of dedilected their grain, and when it rolled ment, their questions, their affection, cation and consecration. I bless them

into the fall harvest, it was beautiful. their frank disclosures, the privilege we for the work they are doing.

Those men worked as if they loved to have of living life over again, and then In the spirit of that wonderful meetwork, and when fall came, after they when we get to the stage of granding of yesterday, I bid you to find the had plowed and planted and cultivated children, where we have all the joys joy of life in service of the Lord and irrigated and harvested—with the and not quite the full responsibilities, whether it is a call to be a ward teacher,

barns full of hay and the granaries rich when, after they have worn us or our a call to be a Sunday School teacher, in grain—and the cellars bulging with nerves a little threadbare, we can suggest, an MIA leader, a quorum officer, or afruits and vegetables—I am just sure that for the children's sake, maybe they call to visit those who are a little disthat Robert and Willard Pixton gathought to be in bed. These are great inclined or indifferent or bound down

ered the family together in a thanksblessings and great sources of joy. by some unfortunate habit. The promillustra- full of thatgiving give for the Let was homely you a me ise of the Lord is so rich in its blessing: joy—joy

of tionblessings of difference heaven. the joyous a between

I have always been glad that I lived family and an agitated one. Some peoAnd if it so be that you should labor all

this unto repentance crying in days yourin their lives ple center in "don'ts"in which a humble make home home—a soul unto bring, it be one save people, and "can'ts."work. I I often loved to the "mustn'ts"people can recall and and

joy shall with him your be great me, howthrill of say, in of to brought the the think days used mother when we who Father! the in kingdom of my

it is see rag Billy doing straw thethe put under and and and what "Go new if will great with joy be your now, And tell to quit."the that of from parentcarpet kind been That had woven him brought unto soul that have you me one

rags which mother used to cut and wind gets into the car and proceeds to tell into the kingdom of my Father, how great into balls to be taken over to be made her children what they cannot do and will be your joy if you should bring many into a carpet. How we used to love to orders them to be quiet. The wise parsouls unto me. (D. & C. 18:1516.)

"tromp"the straw to get it down so ent, who has found the joy in the assothat the carpet could be stretched over ciation of the children, says, "Let's see Your joy is akin to the joy of heaven, it; and then we would attach the how many white horses we can see in for as the Master declared:

miles."next Perhaps hundredstretcher and. the "stomp"and more we some

is I in there Likewise, joy you, say unto shall carpet horses the the white tack have to change thenpull and push and of the of presence over one angels the God

It is tractors. to interesting red great days. game an weredown. Those man No sinner that 15:10.) repenteth. (Luke

ever relaxed more luxuriously on a to trace the alphabet on the billboards of his the along rug. power try the have felt toPersian fun to you work When way—good

inIt is Spirit, have a been you complete alphabet. fun when to Holy I remember when the pig was killed out

in the fall, and the hams were put find the best signboard along the way spired to meet your perplexing probdown in brine, and the sausage was or, if you want to, and lean a little to lems, when you have had the privilege made, not of the discarded parts but of the intellectual side, you can get one of comforting the brokenhearted, when the selected parts. I have always of the children's best current books—not you have led an erring one into the sunthought that eating was in the realm of the cheap ones that Brother Dilworth light of a new day, when you have

dreams, talked goal of your [Young] when the achieved about this morning I to tell that you wantpleasure—but

enjoy things, these but beautifully those you one of done have joy. illustrated you to close prettysome meals get

For years I kept in touch with one of books now available, and you can sit this promise that was given to the the finest writers in America, who wrote in the back seat (if you have the right laborers in the vineyard years ago:

of driver) fill in that the time and littlethis paragraph awhile back in a kind I be will there receiveth you, whoso And otherwise drag. is joy might That paper: I will face.Chicago in also, for I will your go before

the making. be on your right hand and on your left,

When a young man finds no joy in his In the home, too, there is the joy of and my Spirit shall be in your hearts, anddaily work, goes to it in the morning with a few good friends—not too many—bemine angels round about you, to bear you up.

of that feeling thankfulnessregret, has Italics no 84:88. added.) (D. cultivate & C. cannot cause you them—but

dislikes the hours do, to and has workhe will friends of by the a few who it, to glorious one the is promise that there something doesin Add he which life. in all have that comes you Westand

It is to the cheering thing a have in this conference by alreadywrong. quoted for praised them. be such infriends—God to of industry, the desire each dohabit President Richards: of Shakespeare, language the In of the that better day thanday's work

before, and to leave it conscious of having "Those friends thou hast, and their Let thy bowels also be full of charity todone it well. There is a sad future for the adoption tried, grapple them to thy soul wards all men, and to the household of faith,

young man who hates work, who dislikes with hoops of steel."and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceashis employer and gives as little of effort as III. I hurry into the third suggestion ingly; then shall thy confidence wax strong

of of in doctrine the presence suffer the will God; and get with. more canhe by He I find joy to give that want We as shall distil soul the priesthood thy behis employer, upon shirking than thefrom find in the joy do. in the work we Weyou. the for is heaven. from his dews chance destroyingcause he own

its children of the privileges with home shall constant thy life. be comGhost Holy The his injoy

and its friends, but in the third place, panion, and thy scepter an unchanging scepSomeone has said, "Happy is the man and finally, we find joy in the service of ter of righteousness and truth; and thy doshall everlasting minion dominion, and be an Lord. the loves to do,"but somework hewho has

it shall without flow unto compulsory means

I else basic fundanight from again the other added read the hasbody (Ibid., 121:4546.) ever. thee forever and

is turn thought, do not themental "Happy a book which who Habakkuk, we man loves the work he has to do."to often enough: I give you my witness, my good brethII. Well, we can find joy in a second ren and sisters, that in the service of

fig tree shall blossom, the not Although It is life the theplace. in home, of of life. the Lord joy the comes supreme

the shall in fruit vines; the neither be so of beauhere spoken has it beenwhich the have coupled with you And when

fail, fields olive of shall the the and this conference,tifully of of nobility throughout the satisfaction work and flock shall cut belabourshall the yield be meat; no

ginning with that inspirational mesoff from the fold, and there shall be no having friends and children about you, sage from our President. herd in the stalls: God can bless you, and he will. May

I am mindful of the struggle we have he do so abundantly, I pray in the name to go through to get a home, and then And then this ringing line: of Jesus Christ. Amen.

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA not together, and if we were divided in our objectives; if their mother were'trying to tell them to go one place or to

believe one thing, and I were trying to tell them to go another place or to believe another thing; if she were setting

before setting objectives, were and I objecset of ideals and a different Unity in the Home thembefore them a certain set of ideals or tives. This would not be fair to a home.

It would not be fair to children. It

by Richard L. Evans would not be fair to the future.

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE One of the greatest elements of joy and peace and effectiveness in life is the unity of parents in a home; and

with my young friends who are conthis iminto entering most templating so imnot sitting be things privilege of would cherish the by These of all marthat relationships, of portant everreality of for S. the except portant Brother but not Bennion, Adam think to this I day riage, plead would

life, meaningful the of as lasting speaker. but most that following a himI right to a this: has of marriage No everlasting, life are what and difficult. in task this things makes doublyHe its has at making, which, be made, are is I because like to least we important today should do do we What everlasting of less prospect the than

detract to everlasting the in be fromwould any way its at making, lastingly. marriage No

spiritglorious quality content and and penalty the to right upon the impose has of the messages heard which life lose shall will his save whosoever For at of children ways two pulling home life five past four or forhere will lose these it, his whosoever and It is we days—beginhave It fair to the children. my aonce. not

16:25.) (Matt. find it. shall sake President message McKay'sning with It is is not to community. the not fair

of Sunday morning on peace in the fair to the future. It is difficult enough

world and the influence of the home; Now Brother Bennion has already to teach children when both parents

going back before that to President pursued a theme that I might have purare pulling in the same direction, but

Richards'remarks in the priesthood sued; and some comments that I might when the two people that children have

meeting on Saturday evening, as conhave made on happiness he has tranthe most right to look to for guidance cerning the counsel that we should not scended with his on joy. But the meanare each telling them something basicaloverextend ourselves in debt (which reing of all this that we do, and the realy different, and are each persuading

minded me of the counsel given to son for all of it, is because men are them on a different course in a different

Joseph Smith not to run faster nor immortal; because the object of life is way, it has in it the seeds of trouble

labor more than we glorious the; thenmeans) have talks—twostrength andof happiness,lasting progress;peace, andeternaltheselife,are andsufficienteverandhappinessdiscontentand ineffectivenessand frustrationinandlife. unClark on President J. Reuben indeed to justify all we do, and muchthem—by of as one this with leave you I would the counsel includingfundamentals, to more. indisof the one greatest elments, the and the commandments;keep all of

President Smith's remarks at the mis- I should like to read into the record, pensable elements of happiness: unity

sionary meeting, reminding us of our in witness of the truth of this statement, in the home.

concernSmith Joseph from sentence obligations to bear witness ainescapable more. There could mention many We life: object of and the aim ing is the world.to humility, always an indispensable.

And so we have been edified and en- I like to recall a sentence from Owen couraged and strengthened by the mesHappiness is the object and design of our Meredith which rings in my heart: "O

if thereof, the end all the will brethren, be home, of on existence; thesages and at sure that learn anything be no man

it; to and leads that path the pursue the children, of on we teaching the all firston learn unless humility."he

faithfulness, is uprightness, virtue, this path before set on them, mustexample we first is of faith, course, there the Of all the commandments keeping holiness, and the Savior, Jesus of our divinitythe first gospel. principles of the the What Joseph Prophet the of {Teachings of God. divine reality and glorious theChrist, on is! All a faith Faith! glorious thing 255256.) Smith, pp. the of Prophet, the ofcalling Joseph of lot of anlike to us a would know

the of to him of appearancereality the shall of All us swers not do know. we beably has Brother brought Bennion the to Right down the Son.Father and it that day. But some meant men was of the fore things us that have some previous immediately to thepresent, is It a faith. live in part should by in of of joy the makings hapthem and inspiring, glorious, it a beentalk, has it, the to glorious to thing meet have is list a of piness. other long There congeneral satisfying solid andand fears to questions, the unanswered meet things. into ourselves extend could Weference. life, difficulties of all carry to us over recital for to a of the long time them well I this could at point we think first faith, of glorious principle the the freedom, obedience; come; them: among is questions: or question, What theask first gospel. of of principles the the of in to think, a kind freedom freedom of purpose and meaning ultimatethe

of the section fourth Docthe From ourselves the enfrom keep which we is real the conferences; whatthese recall I trine Covenants and would of are detrimental that habits slavement of messages of this miscellanymeaning of happiness, joy these elements and truth; to to happiness; an open mind to those who miscellany(or seeming

life: of of in peace, and purpose conviction of love; belonging; a a sense wholeness the of quite awareare not

eterin of in purpose, and purpose time all this? do gospel)? the Whyof Why

that nity; cleanliness; the comes peace faith, virtue, knowledge, temRemember ourselves exert so together?come Why

repatience; quiet conscience; a godliwith patience, perance, kindness, brotherly just not ourselves? so concern Whyand

ness, charity, diligence. humility, all indispensable are pentance—these comfortable comand berelax and

it Ask, receive; shall ye knock, and and of happiness. elements it is I all important?placent? Why shall 4:6-7.) you. (D. opened C. be unto &

is I family not capita, have Another named busier, per than aresuppose we lovely ago days Not my that many people of, and if unity. I knowany other

sons, four and I haven't the language to express to of farreaching, our wife, the mother great not some werethere feel for love I these, the you my breth- I, all effort this all were with to we importancebasic together—the

afren, for their fatherly brotherly and to the all car same going six a of do, this gathering to, we and allgo us—inour sons,

fection, confidence, encouragement. and a purpose and instructing all a place this with and activity, common andthis

edifying of one another, it would save common destination in mind; and I haven't the words to express to you the

us a lot of time and trouble if we knew sharply the thought came to me, how gratitude I feel for my fellowship with that it were not important. much less it would mean if we were (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1955 435 Richard l. Evans continued happiness,progress forpeace,all ofeverlastingus on thelife,termseternalon

which our Father offers tbem to us.

To my beloved young friends of this you and my membership in this Church, hood of God, who made us in his image; glorious young generation that we have

in this choice and cherished fellowship; as to the divine reality of the mission in the Church today: May I plead.with

and I am grateful for the love and and message of Joseph Smith, and the you to be patient, to search the scripaffection I feel in my heart for all men, appearance of the Father and the Son tures, to keep your lives balanced, and all of my Father's children, and for the unto him, not just in a manner of speakto reserve judgment, to keep faith, to things we have in common. ing, but in very fact; as to the inspired keep clean, to go forth and rise to the

I think I know something of the and authorized leadership of this Church high destiny that is yours, and to live weight of responsibility that comes with in this day; the prophetic calling of your lives and make your homes with

influencing the lives of others. I bePresident McKay; as to the glorious unity of purpose with your companions

lieve I sense something of the responsidestiny of all men, if they will follow so that you may realize that joy and bility of bearing witness; and yet to you the promises, the purposes, the comeffectiveness and peace and undivided

mandments, to limitwill lead life which listen here, are and towho all who may hereafter. here and ing them—notandjustgo allparttheway.way in keeppurposeless possibilitiesin this in outsidewithin and membership

Church, I would leave with you the God lives. His purposes are eternal. God bless you and give you every

witness of my soul as to the divinity of Truth will triumph. Injustice will be needed thing in life, I pray in Jesus'

the Lord Jesus Christ; as to the Fatherrighted. Men are immortal. There are name. Amen.

of a sort when we lived in the presence of God, our Heavenly Father. But in

that sphere we walked by sight; in that OVERCOME sphere we had spirit bodies. We have

been sent down here to walk by faith, and we have been given natural bodies, which are subject to the ills and vicissiTHE WORLD tudes, the temptations and lusts of the flesh. And now, if by obedience to the

laws and ordinances of the gospel, by by Bruce R. McConkie keeping the standards of personal righteousness that are found in the gospel, if

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY by doing this, we can overcome the world, 'we will be taking the bodies which we possess and transforming them we are to inherit eternal life in the From James we have these words: into the kind of bodies that can dwell

exalted beings. with Father, of must our we kingdomIf

.. that the of friendship ye not know if is said that Prophet would a The we world the world. overcome The

is the with world. enmity whosoever God? is, like we, go him; where be must carnality, God evil, and of wickedness, state therefore is of will a friend be the world

is, that characterdevelop the must we dwell in and state corrupt which a men of 4:4.) the God. (James enemy

istics attributes the perfecthe and and sway. holds in wickedness To which

overcome the world, we must triumph Then finally, we have these exprestions which God has. The struggle

over these things. sions, as spoken by the angel who which we face is whether we will overAll men who live in this world, in appeared to that righteous King Benjacome the world or whether we will be

this state of carnality, and who have min on this continent: overcome by the world. All men fornot overcome the world, are themselves sake the world when they come into the

carnal and sensual and devilish by naFor the natural man is an enemy to God, Church; they then overcome the world

ture. That is the kind of inheritance and has been from the fall of Adam, and if they continue in righteousness and

will forever ever, unless be, yields to and he in diligence in the keeping commandthis as of part received havethat we

Spirit, of enticings the the putteth Holy and of God. ments is to object end andmortality, our and

off the natural saint and becometh a man the develop the the world has the world, and overcome oneovercome No of through the Christ Lord, the atonement attributes and the of carnality until of bodies, world andkind and corruption, child, as a submissive, becometh and meek, perfections, that will enable us to dwell humble, patient, full of love, willing to he has given his heart to Christ, until with holy, pure, and exalted beings in submit to all things which the Lord seeth he uses all his talents, abilities, and the eternal world. fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth strength in keeping the commandments

These truths have been revealed to submit to his father. (Mosiah 3:19.) of God, and in causing this great work

us in many revelations; for instance, to roll forth.

John wrote these words: As we understand the plan of salvaThe Lord has given us the agency, the

tion, we came into this sphere of existtalent, and the ability to achieve in this things the neither world, First: for the purposes. not ence Love came two We field. his sent into the world Son He If the love world. in the any are that man this this to tangible gain natural body, to great to the Exemplar, Patbe be a is of in the Father him. not love theworld, life this this in here body, which body tern, to like the we, mark whereby way lust is of all the world, the in that For is for eternal the a house temporary attain glory him, eternal might and lust eyes, of flesh, the the the andthe and spirit, receive will but body which we reward. is is life, of Father, but not the of pride

in the again immortality through back world.of the It said: Christ over- "I was have who sacrifice of Christ. Second: atoning We lust the passeth away, and the world And it world,"the 16:33) come and (John if see to here have would came we will of the that doeth hethereof: but God also Christ promised, the was who integrity, rightto spiritual the devotion (I 2:1517.) for ever.abideth John

to world, eousness, the put to overcome

I that will grant to overcometh him To bridle our pasoff the natural man, to And the great Nephite prophet, Alma, sit in as I also with even me my throne, in discoursing upon the probationary sions, to curb and control the appetites overcame, and am set down with my Father nature of our mortal existence said that that are natural in this type of existence. in his throne. (Revelation 3:21.)

all men are "carnal, sensual, and devilWe have been put in this environish, by nature."(Alma 42:10.) ment advisedly. We were on probation In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AS GENERAL ELECTRIC SEES IT...

Automation will help U.S. work force

fill a need for 40% more goods In the next nine years, the demand for goods will grow faster than the number of people available to produce them

In 1964, one of the greatest shortages in the

United States may be man power. Our most conservative estimates indicate 184 million Americans will want 40% more goods than we consume

today, and they may demand 100% more electrical products; yet the work force available to

produce the goods will increase less than 13%.

In our opinion, automation is the most practical and desirable solution to this shortage of labor. If our standard of living is to keep rising

the way it has been, machines will have to be put to work where none now exist—new, more

versatile machines will have to be built.

For working men and women, automation creates new jobs requiring more skill and judgment;

it will give more human beings a chance to do creative work... work which machines cannot

do. And, because automation promises more and

better goods at lower cost, pay checks will buy more than ever before.

Automation has proved to be an evolutionary, not a revolutionary, process. It requires careful

study and adjustment, and there are always shortrange problems to solve. But using more machines

is our best hope to meet the coming shortage of working people, and allow the available men and women to do a higher order of productive work.

As we see it, this is progress in the American way.

Tbogress /s Our Most Important Product

More responsible jobs: James Faber, a skilled G-E

employee, shows Arthur F. Vinson, VicePresident—

Manufacturing, how he controls an improved production operation. For our views on automation, writeGENERAL) ELECTRIC General Electric, Dept.U 2-117, Schenectady, N. Y.

she had raised herself out of the water

fixed objective her firmly in her mind. "We Believe in God"just long enough to get the picture of of surge a great gave her This new

strength, and she never stopped again by Sterling W. Sill untilearth ofshevictory.felt under her feet the firm

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE I thought of this recently when a stranger called me on the telephone and asked if he and his wife might come and discuss with me a great tragedy their in recently occurred that famhad early part of the the life year believe that of eternal 1842, man."We ily. speeding that auto- a explained He

editor of John his Wentworth, the desire children that does not ChiGodIn life their of only the taken mobile had cago Democrat, to or or went dull, or unattractive, unhappy, be and Nauvoo try to daughter, asked they and and me obtained interview an the with unsuccessful. Prophet something about help understand them Smith. Joseph requested, He among that are not things do There we many life of of the purpose the meaning and

things, other that the Prophet write out our don't understand understand. their relationship ought We death and what statement of a the in things the which or life death. or birth growth or own We other, to each with where be and God

believed, the Church Prophet and wrote light darkness. or don't understand No fit picture, or into the not whether and

the Thirteen Articles of Faith. Later one in mortality has ever seen his own there was any use for them to try to

these were accepted by the vote of the spirit. We didn't discover the circulalive on.

of people part a and the became doclittle until just a blood of tion our own great tragedy This weighed upon them trine of the inare Church. They now It ago. years three must hundred over oppressively that they almost so seemed in cluded Pearl the of Price Great and a wise therefore, Heavobvious, be why for three suffocating, to a and and be of a form part that great of volume indetailed give us Father would enly I as to as tried I could half hard hours latterday scripture. objectives forth and setting structions, their problem. But help with them

It afternoon, this attaining This for them. anniand on best methods the of foundation there a on wasn't much

birth of versary of the there the that Savior obvious be equally of must it that discovered to build, and I are which

I offer like the world, a to complete in for your would advantages tremendous all of a sudthing a devastating can be consideration the first four words of the acceptance of, and an unwavering faith den to need great faith in God and not

Prophet's statement, from the point of in, the gospel; for as an earthly father be able to find it. It wasn't that they

view of its being the greatest success is powerless to confer the maximum were rebellious or that they disbelieved formula in the world. Victor Hugo benefit upon a son who has no confiin God. Their skepticism went deeper;

said, "There is nothing in the world as dence in the motives or abilities of the they hadn't given him a thought one powerful as an idea whose time has father, so God is powerless to confer the way or the other. It wasn't that they

come,"and if we can learn anything greatest blessings upon men who do not disbelieved in immortality; up to this

from the signs of the times, we know believe in him. A great power attaches point, they hadn't cared. Then death

that the time has fully come when great to a definite objective held by a strong had stepped across their threshold and faith in God should take a firmer hold faith. Jesus said, "If thou canst believe, taken the bestloved personality there.

upon our minds. all things are possible to him that beAnd then all of a sudden, they needed

It has been a hundred thirtyfive years lieve."(Mark 9:23.) great faith in God and were not able

since God the Father and his Son, Jesus Sometime ago I read about the great to find it.

Christ, reappeared upon the earth to woman swimming champion, Florence You can't merely snap your fingers reestablish among men a belief in the Chadwick. In 1950 she swam the Engand get great faith in God, any more

God of Genesis and to usher in the lish Channel, and then on July 4, 1952, than you can snap your fingers and get greatest and final dispensation. And she attempted to swim the twentyone great musical ability. Faith takes hold

so as the very foundation of our faith, miles of water lying between Catalina of us only when we take hold of it.

the Prophet said, "We believe in God."Island and the southern California The great psychologist, William James,

If the meaning of this phrase were coast. The temperature of the water said, "That which holds our attention

limited to the idea that we believe that was fortyeight degrees, and a heavy fog determines our action,"and one of the

God exists, it would still be one of the lay over the sea. When she was only unfortunate things in life is that we

focus attention the our sometimes on objective, is, she great of world. the her statements so or from That mile half

things. wrong quit. is to decided there in strength great the knowledge and discouraged became

I as disturbed a little, been I have that nearby boat by, created are not the in were nor father we was we who Her gone around more and have become of, pointing forces at the the her blind of a mercy by to encourage and tried of conscious great variety the of temptacapricious chance. But when we say through the fog and telling her that tions that we wrestle with and succumb

"we believe in God,"we mean much land and success were near at hand. to. When we enumerate all of the

more than merely that God exists. We But she was discouraged, and a distemptations, we find that we often fall

mean that we understand something couraged person is always a weak person. before some very small ones, merely

about the kind of being he is, that he is The next day Miss Chadwick was because we have continued to entertain literally the Father of our spirits, and, interviewed by some newspapermen. them. We talk until we are weary

the "temptations about not so down,"to the great according of the unilaw that she had swum greater knew They about up."the "temptations much verse, offspring the besometime occasions, may previous and distances on

come like the parent. they wanted to know the reason for is The"to arousedictionarya desiresays for,"that andto temptso I

But the most thrilling and motivating her present failure. In answering their assume that I am correct in thinking

part of this idea is what the words questions, Miss Chadwick said, no, it that temptation can go in either directhemselves indicate, that "we believe in wasn't the cold water and it wasn't tion, although it is the easiest thing in

God."We trust him. We believe that the distance. She said, "I was licked the world to allow our minds to become

he knows his business, that regardless by the fog."loaded with the temptations downward

of chance or the errors of men, his purAnd then she recalled that on the—the temptations of lethargy, the tempof tations sloth, of the temptations prevail. will believe that our poses she occasion the English when swam We

sin. of ignorance, temptations the interests, his are interests that he meant Channel, a similar expeshe had had

to every tends But thought reproduce declarain that said rience. wonderful he what only a short from way When act. itself tatters, in Rags, an and dirt

tion that "This is my work and my glory shore she had given up, and this time are always in the mind before they apto bring to pass the immortality and also, her father had pointed ahead, and (Continued on page 440) 438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JUNE 1955 439 sions, you might have reason to be

Sterling W. Sill Continued greatly depressed. But how poor you

would be if you lost your faith in God!

pear on the body. One of the greatest of God. His will is for us to become My brothers and sisters, we have

handicaps to spiritual growth, or any beautiful and glorious like him. lived successfully through the long ages

other kind of growth, is to have a negaBut the great truths of life become of a preexistence. Now wre live in

Itive to those only are prepared suppose mind, and that of known who one is short. very mortality which And we

like to is to accept ofthe functions them. So great faith a I would to lift of the race. the are very near end How

our thoughts upward, to houseclean our present for your consideration the thrillunfortunate are they who relax their minds, to sweep out our "temptations ing temptations of the gospel, the tempefforts when on the very verge of sucdown,"and fill our minds with the tations to live worthily of the celestial cess, like the great Roman general, "temptations up."kingdom, to attain a celestial body, a Cato, who committed suicide on the

And so I would like to offer you the celestial mind, a celestial personality, very eve of his triumph. If you somethought of some of the thrilling temptato live with a celestial family and times feel that the water is a little cold

celestial friends a celestial earth. on The is is foggy, a little then andtions the way temptations of culupward—the us the gospel offers temptation to accept for faith, theture, to look time and have up of service, the temptations the

temptations of great industry, the tempthe challenge of Jesus when he said, there is land ahead.

tations to focus our minds on great "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your "All things are possible to him that spirituality, the temptation to believe Father which is in heaven is perfect."believeth,"and so in our daily devoin God. (Matt. 5:48.) tions we hold ever closer the very

will faith, be done,""Thy means to become foundation of our formula God's certain that greatest the waste I am like God. try to imagine the believe in what God."Now for success, "We isthere is in the world not the devastation that goes with war; nor is it the cost mind of the Creator is like. If you May God bless our faith, I pray in

that accompanies crime; nor is it both should lose all of your material possesthe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

of these put together. The greatest waste

in the world is that human beings, you and I, live so far below the level of our possibilities.

Henry Ward Beecher was once asked whether or not he believed that Christianity had failed, and he said that sofar as he knew, it had never been tried. A Marvelous Work

Compared with what we might be, we are only half awake. We have great

concern that our lives may someday by LeGrand Richards come to an end, but the real tragedy OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE is that so many lives never really have a beginning. The fires in our souls need

ofrekindling. education, In speaking of girls, as to closing the sure the youth am your we come boys and them

"If said, treeFrancis a Bacon you want this of as missiongreat forth conference our moments Zion, gone have who so don'tto produce, about worry much full hearts to into are of gratitude aries, the converts come and new when I fertilize roots."the the boughs; Then it for blessings the has Lord brought the responsibility they have the Church,

suppose we give in to that temptation to each of us individually, and to the to see that they are all put to work, that greatto stimulate those Godgiven gifts with the talents the have Church. use some had wonderthey and We

ourselves within can liftpowers which for instruction advice ful counsel has the and and Lord endowed them which us toward heaven. given to us. The music has been dethe building up of his kingdom, and for

The brute creation goes down on all lightful. The prayers from these misthe honor and glory of his name, and

fours, which tends to throw its gaze upon sion presidents have thrilled us, and, alfor the blessing of his children, that the ground. But man stands upright in together, I am sure that we feel in* our there shall be no wasted manpower, just

the image of his Maker that his vision hearts a rededication of our lives and as the bishops in these wards share that may reach to the stars. our talents and all that we have to the great responsibility also.

The mission of Jesus was up. Even building of the kingdom of God in the While Brother Bennion and Brother

in Gethsemane with the awful weight earth. Evans were speaking about joy and hapof our sins upon his soul, his face looked I recall fifty years ago when with the piness, my thoughts went to the expast President during the Grant periences and enjoyed I have who the missionaries But whatever to God.up may be

president of the besides year. European It has was then the been my privilege,attitude of the the spirit body, should

I in conference stakes a Mission, Holin attended the Saints the with mingling its toes. teaching Jesus wasbe on When

all lasted that day. of missions land the were four There to to of Zion, go to inserted that pray,us he wonderful

tears I day. that during of At shed them. of toured two the Church. many says, willphrase done."be "Thy which

close of President conference the the President Nelson, in with Hawaii, Over inspiring these repeatBut even we when said: feasted lasted have that Grant meeting "Today on testimony we held a we lift usually to us up,words, intended we Spirit of fat Lord. until of things the the the in o'clock the morning seven from

it spirit of a martyredsurround with it give brethren, away. out only go night, and five at o'clock Now, and had we say, will,resignation. we "Thy When all give the recess. you more away more a fifteen The you were minute We (see mine, done"not be 22:42), Luke left."the will us fasting, of should have be eightyeight That there and

for best the hoping but be we maywe in of every feeling heart of Spirit the testimonies, the our member bore and expectingare worst. usually the this to privileged attend rich in has been manifested measthe Lord was who

We fill our hearts with too many conference. We ought to carry its spirit ure.

doubts and fears and negative thoughts. wherever we go—in our workshops, in Then I toured two missions and inBut try to imagine what the great Creour businesses, on our farms, and in all terviewed eightyfive missionaries indiator would have us do if we did his our activities in the Church, and in vidually in one and sixtyfive in the

will. Can you conceive of any limits whatsoever we are called to do, we other. I was in another mission where

he would place upon our progress? should carry this wonderful spirit with one young man said, "Bishop, why do

What would God have us "arouse a us into the world. the brethren not send someone around

desire for"? Certainly not for weakness, I am grateful for the presence here of to teach our parents the gospel the way

or failure, or sin! Certainly he does these mission presidents and the great we are teaching it to these people here

not want us to fill our minds with the work that they are accomplishing. They in the mission field?"I came to feel

temptations down. He is not pleased are noble men. They have great rethat if you wanted to find the happiest

when we become the problem children sponsibility. They have entrusted to {Continued on page 442)

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Blacksmith who swings a Thousand Hammers

i HE oldtime village blacksmith who used his order. The 150 men who work in the acre and a

muscles to swing a hammer was a picturesque and half machine shop are part of the team of 6,000 important man in his day. But today he'd be lost who produce copper in Utah.

trying to meet the requirements of a modern Where does the money come from to pay the blacksmith at Utah Copper's Machine Shop in men and buy the expensive equipment housed in

Bingham Canyon. the Machine Shop? It comes from one source only.

At the shop, the modern smith swings a thouBy selling copper at a profit, Utah Copper is sand hammers at once to handle such jobs as conable to spend the money needed to repair and verting an old locomotive axle into a boot jack for maintain equipment. Profits buy new equipment

an electric shovel. And he does it because, instead and pay for developing better mining, milling and

of using his own muscles, he commands the crushrefining methods.

ing strength of a twoton air hammer. When Utah Copper sells its product profitably,

An upto-date blacksmith's hammer, lathes, it continues the operations that produce prosperboring mills and many other machines are on the ity for people living in every section of our state.

job keeping mining equipment in good working

Kennecott Copper Corporation A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

JUNE 1955 441 leGrand Richards Continued starplace,ariseuntilin theyour dayhearts:dawn, and the day

Knowing this first, that no prophecy of is interpretaprivate scripture the of any people in this world, those and beauty? gathered who has one He them of a tion. really their have had touched hearts of family a taught city and two and old time in the not For prophecy came with joy, divine into should you go after his heart, pastors with the them own of will of holy but the God men man: by

mission field. You find these young and then he sends them out again, callspake as they were moved by the Holy

men and young women who are giving ing to the earth from the rising of the Ghost. (II Peter 1:1921.)

all their time to the work of the Lord, sun unto the going down thereof, and and one by one they will testify that it God cannot call to the earth crying When you put the prophecies tois the happiest time of their entire lives. repentance to bring his children to a gether and see what the Lord permitted

I have met for hours with the missionknowledge of the truth without instruhis prophets to see, you realize that we aries in the mission field, and they ments to do the calling. That is where are living in the Dispensation of the

would say: "When we were home, we our great responsibility lies, and as I Fulness of Times that all of the prophheard the returned missionaries say have indicated, over 18,000 during the ets have looked forward to, the greatest

that their mission was the happiest time past year have heeded that call and gospel dispensation the world has ever of their lives, and we did not believe a have gone down into the waters of bapknown.; In the words of the Lord

word of it, and now we know what they tism, being born again, taking upon through the Prophet Joseph Smith, we were talking about."One young man them the name of Christ, and as Paul live in "the light of the noon day sun,"

said, "There isn't a corporation or a said, and you know that is the brightest period company in this world that could pay of the entire day. We live in the day

me a large enough salary to get me to'There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is when the brightest spiritual light is leave my mission."Another young neither bond nor free, there is neither male available to all men, and if the world

said: "I not takeman would a check Jesus.nor female:(Gal. 3:28.)for ye are all one in Christ thatknewtherewhatis wenot have,an honestI testifyman,toor youan for a million dollars for the experience

all this of I in world mission,"honest who as listened woman, to and my such feel as travel misin the That, we we

I really statements, Lord, loves would the and of thought who the of words just as sions, President done, has McKay loved sacrifice friends to willing and said he thatAlma be when that he would Pacific, islands in of the the South down his identified with in to voice of order he the be ones had that angel an he in I Central America where and down gosthe accept cry not allmight Church, would repentance to the world. who I of just been, the interviewed have some

is it to is by pel as brought Surely them the message the best Lord paymaster are converts missionaries the to who is it because all elders of this in Church, the world. the to knows He how in here never been have Church who

truth. eternal in his very deed children God'smake are happy they when tell that midst, us they our and when

I in people said the to Therefore, his doing great work. for until to live the they nothing had

I if bring I could that said, Central I America, have repeat here, that and really they gospel them, found and now it dollars not be a million as would as long them the will faith Lord put such for, live witto something bear have and as the as to message them feelings worth and satisfaction much joy and and that that ness the they been time have bear. to have in hearts of his the missionaries, we you is of in the the happiest time Church

great of comago, years our one just stop this Some rolling cannot from work it lives, all feel their gratemakes you this is to reported have mentators I made in earth, theon the and thank Lord ful to that the has grown Church God said asked statement. is he what for was great the in that He being work done it proportions to that begin such can

the to broadcast world be could message fieldsthe of missionary the hot Church, fields all to into foreign these reach out greater of that considered be would fields, in also the foreignonly here but carry eternal to of message the and them could that other message value than anyin stakes of the Zion. it. as truth has revealed the Lord

air. after givsaid over out the go He reports, Last year, to according 18,573 I told in that those good people down

consideration, the he ing thought came to lot cast theirpeople decided with if I to that land from had come them greatest that mesto the conclusion thethis great leaving the teachings Church, give States to with the enough money this to that sage broadcast could be of taught,they because the had been it of dollars, each million a them would to that a say world be who wouldefforts man of missionaries in bringing the as be not part one hundredth worth died, lived earth the had and had upon ofto the the Lord, gospel Jesus them to I as had* that the message them much returned from a again with message I for theChrist, each thank Lord and to to represents the bring them. That

If greattrue, that the God. have be we that of they pray themandone them is It of importance message. our what

est possibly that message broadbe can unitsselves working and become may called of price."great "pearl the Jesus

testify cast to the world. not only of great the truthswitnesses the Lord We said that a merchant He when man that lived a earth the upon man who in earth. established thehas seeking pearls "pearl the goodly found

returned a has message and died with responsibility, those a great have We all price,"of great sold he and went

Eternal also that the but from God, God, toof are here privileged be us who it. in that he (Matt. bought had and

his Father, in his introduced Son of own the theZion. words remember You 13:4546.) acquired has one And when

to resurrected flesh of bone, body said, and of old heProphet Jeremiah when it, it is a brings that thing joy and the Prophet, Smith, boy Joseph which satisfaction peace happiness and and saith children, backsliding the Turn, O it celebrate will event next Sunday, we soul, into one's like the of he which I I for unto you: married andLord; am Easter, this being from him, boy and find cannot city, other in the of of in anywill a a take one way and two you Prophet, Smith, that learned Joseph he I to will bring Zion:family, you world. and

join of churches. the none I will give you pastors according to And of faith in the the should I have great words

that is a to say to thing hard Now, 3:1415.) heart."(Jer.mine prophets. said, I believe, as Isaiah that

all people most they think because the all are his of unto works known God to Zion, are gathered we when Now, is are churches there good. good And perthe beginning, from has and he stakes missions, in or or hereither here is in just as in there them, the Kiwanis his to prophets mitted of those speak I responsibility. great think a havewe the and the Rotary Club, Club and stop things, to analyze and you when psalmist, of theof saw the words who civic Exchange other Club, and organis, really prophecy what mortal no man fiftieth the day. Quoting fromour izations, there are but people, no no it of himself as could the catch werePsalm: organization, individual, nor can who intelligence of future the and know God

take or himself the themselves upon of events the portray world and them the Lord, even hath God, mighty The of the Priesthood, power the Holy power to the except of the the world power by earth, the the calledspoken, from and it to earth shall bind on and be bound the thereof going Ghost. unto the risHoly suning down

in heaven. to has power That comeof. is Peter That what he meant when

Father. the Eternal from God, of perfection the of beauty, Zion, God Out said,

hath shined. (Psalm 50:1-2.) When we see the perfectness of nature

We have also a more sure word of prophand how marvelous the Lord's works

Now, I ask you, how has the Lord ecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take are, it is hard to believe that he could

"shined"out of Zion the perfection of heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark (Continued on page 444) 442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The best there is

for you and your car...

Yessir! Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP*

gives you up to 15% more power, greater gag mileage, longer sparkplug life, and all the benefits of an engine tuneup. It's

the greatest gasoline development in 31 years!

at the friendliest stop in town!

New Conoco SuperAmerica's first \

Double -Duty motor oilconquers both major causes of engine wear OilPlating guards against friction wear and OilCleansing does an xArjob of keeping acid wear in check! It's the allseason

motor oil in the can with the gold band

What's more, you can be sure my friendly

Conoco Syp er Service will help keep your car running right... and running longer! And

remember: I'm the man to see for your free

Conoco "Tburaide, America's finest auto travel guide

trademark owned and PATENT APPLIED FOR BY SHELL OIL COMPANY. CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

JUNE 1955 443 attention to this statement and that leGrand Richards Continued statement in the Book of Mormon, so wonderful he thought the Presidency of be the author of all the confusion there Ought not Christ to have suffered these the Church had never read them just is in the world today in spiritual matthings, and enter into his glory? (Luke 24: because he had not read them.

ters. Some of our greatest leaders have 2526.) I wonder how many copies of the

liare our in there theirborne of testimonies of of the Book need Mormon scripexplain the to began he Then itChristianity get read? braries that never as again coming was their undertures to opened and them

I article appearedformerly. short like ago time to an read a would few A that understand they standing might that statedwords which in Dr. from newspaper the Harry Fosdick, Emerson scriptures. the from is here A. spiritof was great you Kennedywho our one know if here William were today, Savior the So

estabtoual leaders to gather in Peru, the States. money Lima, United He this us, say to world he would among

said: Lima, in university lish research a down live, in which we of inhabitants early the study to Peru,

religious is reformation afoot, A at and with dealing I particularly to Americas, not the permitted prophets the Have it isheart the to recover for endeavor our I not speak given civilizations. you? unto This them Have Incan and the Mayan life of religion themodern as Jesus against latter of in signs the the the times days pledges he the with article that said vast, intricate,the largely inadequate and there that should was by you know which Amerismall the matched had, by whenoften positively false religions about Jesus. to truth to revealed the earth a be new it promised, as they countries, hadChristianity can left today largely has rethe for.should the docin teach day when menligion thirty million over which preached, give taught, he lived, them and would of trine the commandments men? Why has substitutedand another reliof kind within that assurance dollars, with an the not praying should unto be you God

Ifgion altogether. Jesus could back income be would the five years amount is this Israel of great that that message

to earth hear now, the built mythologies seventy sixty and to between creased the just prophets should come, promised by seeup around the him, creedalism, denomiPresident Israel for that the as dollars, should praying been have and millionnationalism, sacramentalism, carried in on of of great the the world that coming Redeemer serve to on agreed Hoover hadhis "If he certainly say, name, this would of in the he Meridian Time? came when board.is I Christianity, not Christian."a am

of I became heard what never have are, of old as the prophets Today we I it, had. this They the thought is was but This not a statement the from Morof the indicated, speaking world have to sixty contribute to willing were is in statesubstance but themons same that as generally, eyes they have who someto learn dollars million seventy the of thement Redeemer world made not, ears that see not, hear and and of that inhabitants early the thing about thisto Prophet, boy Smith, Joseph when hearts that comunderstand not do and it all, spent have they land, and whenthe Father introduced the and him that things the the marvelous prehend thousandth one not know they wouldSavior of inquired he what Joseph done. has Lord learn by could as as they part much to toldwanted know. he him He of the today here testimony have they that of We the Book reading Mormon join of Presichurches.should the none

are the the Father fact that and Son if did fifty cents, they for get and could referreddent here today has to McKay rebodies. real personages with You give fifty cents, would the have we not greatthat that a promise marvelous

the read of you, some member, who nothing. for a copy them a andwork about wonder to come was

in Beveridge, Senator written by book tells only not of Book Mormon Theforth. also the statement That was

to the young a chapter he devoted which people, of the what history and the us nearly three years thousand agomade of his told pulpit. the and He man it the us also gives unto did, but they said: Isaiah,recorded he by when ministers and interviewing experience only prophets, not of and their words

Forasmuch as this people draw near me others during his vacation time, and that, it also tells us that this is a land with their mouth, and with their lips do how people wanted to believe. They choice above all oher lands. Upon this

honour me, but have removed theirheart wanted to believe that there is a God land shall be built the New Jerusalem far from me, and their fear toward me is who is a real Personage, and then he of the Lord our God, and they will not of the precepttaught by men: railroad great said that magnate one relics in recorded that likely find any

I will Therefore, behold, to proceed a do all the wealth give said that he would in in those find mounds they downmarvellous this people work even among after to that of States the United know of America, Central many and South for marvellousa a the wonder: and work conlive a again with died he he would I seen. recently have which of perish, their shall wisewisdom and men

identity, was scious he knowing who Hunter's thrilled Brother by I was ofthe their understanding prudent men shall be hid. (Isaiah 29:1314) and who other people were. testimony of these records that parallel

To every Latterday Saint, through the records of the Book of Mormon. I

I wonder, in the minds of the world, the restoration of the gospel, that behave never seen this in print, but I when they read such promises as this, comes an obvious common truth in our heard President Callis make this statehow they can sit idly by and not believe Church, and yet here was a man who ment: that after the Book of Mormon

that some day the God of heaven would would have given all the wealth of the came forth the Prophet Joseph was terfulfil this promise, because as Peter United States in order to know that one ribly worried about what the world said, we have a more sure word of great truth that we have to teach. would say, and he said, "O Lord, what

prophecy, and here the Lord declared I want to say a few words about the will the world say?"And the answer

that he would bring forth a marvelous coming of Moroni, who brought the came back, "Fear not, I will cause the work and a wonder. Why should not plates from which the Book of Mormon earth to testify of the truth of these

the world open their hearts and be willwas translated. You just cannot believe things,"and from that day until now,

ing to investigate when we bring to the words of the prophets, you cannot and only the Lord knows what is yet them the announcement that the God believe the Holy Bible, witbout knowing a-head, external evidences have been of heaven has revealed himself, and that there is a companion volume of brougbt forth of the divinity of that with him, his only Begotten Son? Such scripture to go with it. What is it book.

a knowledge as this certainly is worth worth? To some of us it has been a But more than all this is the promise

more than all the wealth of the world great inspiration in our lives. contained in the last chapter by Moroni,

and is the greatest message that could I heard a young serviceman, who rethat if one will read it with a prayerful possibly be broadcast to the world. turned from the service, talking in a heart the Lord will manifest the truth

Take the other prophecies of the youth meeting not long ago. He held of it unto him by the power of the Holy

scripture. I think of the words of up the Book of Mormon and said: "This Ghost.

Jesus as he walked along the way and book kept me clean and brought me When I was a boy, I led our Sunmet the two disciples on their way to home clean to my loved ones. I read day School in reciting the testimony of

Emmaus, following his crucifixion, and from it every day that I was in the the three witnesses, and their words as he listened to them you will recall service."have rung through my heart from that

he said, Some years ago a story was told about day until this, when those men testian elderly brother who was sent on a fied that an angel of God came down

O fools, and slow of heart to believe all mission. He wrote letters back to from heaven and brought and laid bethat the prophets have spoken: President Joseph F. Smith, calling his (Continued on page 446)

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOLLOW THE SIMPLE DIRECTIONS AND YOU'LL TURN OUT

I perfect U and JAM You can't help being successful in your strawberry jam sessions if you use ripe but sound fruit, pure U and I Sugar, the correct amount of pectin, and follow the steps. The RESULTS, rewarding dividends in personal satisfaction, economical savings, and

in the pleasure of good eating.

Wash, hull, and crush 2 qts. ripe strawberries, one layer at Add 1 package powdered pectin to strawberries; mix well.

a time, using a kitchen masher to assure an even textured Set over high heat; stir until mixture comes to a hard boil.

jam. Measure 4 cups crushed fruit into kettle. Measure Add U & I Sugar and boil hard I minute. Remove from 1 7 cups U & 1 FINE GRANULATED SUGAR into bowl and heat. Stir and skim by turns for 5 minutes to prevent set aside. 2 floating fruit]

For all your canning, be sure to use PURE U AND I SUGAR, often referred to as "crystallized sunshine and Ladle quickly into prepared glasses. water"3 T

Cover at once with Vs inch hot paraffin. Yield: about ten

6-oi glasses.4

JUNE 1955 445 LeGrand Richards Continued

fore their eyes the plates from which I bear you solemn witness that I the Book of Mormon was translated and know this work is of God. I know the

testified that it was translated by the greatest joy that can fill the human soul gift and by the power of God. and breast is the testimony of the Spirit

I give you that witness today. I wish of God, and I tell you, brothers and

there were time to discuss other marvelsisters, we ought to go out and share it ous things the Lord has given us in the with our neighbors and our friends, and restoration of the gospel. Then you may God bless every effort that is being

would know why it is the greatest mesput forth by the membership of this sage that could be broadcast to the world Church in that direction I pray, and and why it is worth more than all the leave you my love and blessing, in the wealth of this world. name of the Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen.

IF YOU WANT THE BEST JAMS OF ALL

MAKE THEM THIS NEW UNCOOKED WA Y! 1/1/hence and l/l/nu ana i/l/nUner: f THERE'SWAY to get ONLYjams withONEfull

color 100% flavor and—Richard L. Evans eliminate the cooking and

boiling (no matter how short) that loss cause of IVTot long ago I watched a loving family before an open recolor, flavor and and yield, duce too! By using grave, as the casket of a beloved silverhaired father recipes, the uncooked jam excludeveloped

sively by M.C.P. PECTIN, JELLY JAM AND

the usual cooking boiling and are done away was lowered to its resting place. There was calm. There

with, jams your in are flavor perfect and color, less use and you fruit and yet sugar get was peace, and no evidence of irreconcilable sorrow. In their

more jam a pint for each fruit! cup of—hearts there seemed to be assurance that all that is most What's if berries more... or are scarce high

priced, you can life is always use in berries frozen I loved and of other then thought someAnd get as as many glasses 13 lb.) (each for '/2

similar that! there in different glass than what a but 15c recipes for Complete everlasting.scenes—similar, lessmaking M.C.P. jams uncooked either with

little to different cry of be assurance; in that the seemed the fresh or frozen fruits berries and are in every

package TIN. (Recipes,(3Vi oz.)too,of fordependablemaking theM.C.P.finestPECpos- heart was reflected in the fear that this parting was final

sible cooked jam's and jellies, if you prefer the fear of anguished utterance: "Oh, if only we knew, if that method.)

only we could be sure that it is so—that death is conquered,

FEW PRODUCTS HAVE AS MANY that life is everlasting, that personality is forever perpetuated,

WONDERFUL HOME USES, DAY IN AND that our loved ones will be there to welcome us."These

are the cries of ageold questions and Whence? DAY OUT! questions—the ITS were LEMON the concerning and open Why? JUICE.. speaking of. the and and Whither?—questions convenient, economical that grave faced intruded have from the first time death men all way to supply these

daily needs life. into the of disciples the realm of questions These Jesus CANNED

It isLEMONlittleM.C.P. costs faced. to chief JUICE. priests the and requested Pharisees And and who

is always for ready use "..".... that the replied, fuss. Pilate It sepulchre sure or without any muss be made wholemakes

refreshing some, in lemonade a it's most "Ye have it as a watch: can."1 go your as ye sure way, for make important best results in mostjiffy; jam and

jelly; it recipes has dozens of cooking bakand grave secure against the can did. But so they no man is ing uses, perfect in salad dressings; and And

a makes wonderful daily in "tonic"a glass life. reality of everlasting eternal glorious the "And when of water. can use You M.C.P. LEMON 2 with it complete JUICE confidence that is doubted."they worshipped him: but some they saw him, pure, unadulterated, full strength, rich in

It's. Vitamin C. still "reconstituted"in their say doubt. Yes, doubted. Some some Some NOT

contains no preservatives of any kind, such. as.

if if be- I could only loneliness: I knew, only loss unwholesome "Oh, benzoate and of soda or sulphur

dioxide. (When you buy any juice, lemon souls question wrestle the in your with sure."But you who or canned bottled, sure be to read label the

carefully!) M.C.P. is useso JUICE LEMON life, hearts, has take unto your everlasting peace for God ful and convenient you'll never to want be of

it. without for a Write Recipe FREE Folder finest sweetest, in that the assurance the deceived us not to the M.C.P. Kitchen Laboratory, Anaheim

Calif. (There's M.C.P. the everlasting, renewal including promised of life are FROZEN things LEMON

If too. JUICE, your grocer it, hasn't ask got

it him logic, love. to get Scripture, for reason, those association you.) of with the we

revelation, all confirm it, with all the intimations of imDO YOU COUNT YOUR CALORIES? mortality within us, and with the added word of witnesses.

Then You Need He who holds creation in its course, and who brought us to

M.C.P. "LOW SUGAR"PECTIN birth, has not deceived us in letting us so much love life, and

The FIRST and ONLY Product of Its Kind! so much love our loved ones. Let faith overcome fear, for

it With less, can you little, use now or no the all at sugar to fruit desserts make of many kinds, fillings, pie jams, etc. custards, centuries

. questionago—andof theasopensurelygraveas wewaslay solvedaway oursomelovednineteenones, recipes that.. make the meetjellies, rigid sugar

restrictions and starch of diabetic diets, the just so surely do they live always and forever.

exacting requirements of weight control diets, or simply your taste preference for things "less sweet than usual."And, you can make them

time any of year because you can use fresh, Jke Spoken lA/Ofd FROM TEMPLE SQUAREfrozen, canned, fruits or bottled juices. and

M.C.P. is yet not PECTIN SUGAR""LOW COLUMBIA PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE BROADCASTING

available in the if stores, but like you'd to it...... try 10, 1955 APRIL SYSTEM, without charge we'll be glad

to send you a GENEROUS SAMPLE FREE. Copyright, 1955

send Just request, your with your name 27:6465. and iMatthew address, on to the M.C.P. Kitchen

2Ibid., 28:17. Laboratory, aAnaheim,postcard California, I. Dept.

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There's not enough food for you and the bugs

As any backyard gardener knows, you have a fight on your hands from the moment you turn over your first spadeful of earth.

At every step, fungus growths, weeds, and insects that chew, insects that suck are waiting to destroy your lawns, trees, plants, flowers. It is a disheartening

struggle for Greenthumbers...

a roundthe-clock fight for commercial farmers.

Fortunately, there's a growing list of weapons we now can wield in the battle against bugs. Some

of the most effective have been developed in the laboratories of California SprayChemical Corporation, a Standard Oil Company of California subsidiary. In 1907, we brought out the

first basic lead arsenate to stop the codling moth, a rampaging fruit crop destroyer; later, the

invention of newtype summer and dormant oil sprays safely checked scale and other insects.

Other Standard research achievements have been chemicals to kill aphis, mites, thrips, and similar sucking insects...

dusts to destroy fungus diseases like rust, blight, mildew... sprays

and dusts custommade to knock out such public enemies as the devastating grasshopper, boll weevil, hornworm. Other pestkillers boost milk production

from our dairy herds, help beef cattle fatten faster.

One good reason you live in the world's bestfed nation is because insect invaders have been held back on our farms, ranches, and orchards, thanks in part to

Standard's constant hunt for new ways to make petroleum do more things for you.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead tc serve you better

JUNE 1955 447.

>>s>3\j>v9v>n>>j>>,9\9sj>Sxn2 KITCHEn CHARFT1 Lytt ilulna In tlakt companmenip tments..

WAXED PAPER L. Evans KEEPS FOOD Richard

to pride themselves on being FRESHER LONGER! Cometimes some people seem M selfcontained, on withholding their thoughts and experiences from others. Up to a point, this may be evidence

of a strong and admirable selfreliance. But the most enjoyed

things in life are enjoyed as they are shared. Consider, for

example, the common, and often humorously referred to occurrence of people's telling of their operations. Even that

questionable enjoyment isn't what it might be unless there is someone else to tell it to. Trips taken are more enjoyed,

first of all if there are others along, and secondly if there is someone to tell about them after they are over. Perhaps

this explains in part the prevalent practice of bringing back pictures and insisting on showing them—even at the risk,

sometimes, of being a bit boring. Life is much more satisfying

with something shared. Sometimes husbands and wives live

tooanother—ofmuch withinthoughts,themselves,of hopes,not evensharingof fears,enoughof withheartfeltone

feelings, of pleasant things encountered during the day—in

short, not enough of opening up, too much of living in tight compartments. Sometimes children, too, live in tight compartments, and too closely keep their confidences from parents. (And sometimes parents are at fault in seeming to be

too busy to listen!) Mothers and fathers and children are

missing something preciously essential if they don't share

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS sincerely, understandingly, with one another, something of

Of HOUSEWIVES... the circle in which they live their separate lives. There is

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS strength and safety in sharing—even in sharing fears and

troubles when there is need of it. Part of living consists of

learning to be a good listener, and part consists of giving out, of entering into, of learning to share ourselves. And refraining from confidences with those we love and live with

—ais notplatitudea very rewardingconcerningwaywhichof life.thereIt willis a betritesomethingcynicismto say

—but it is true: that in sharing we receive, that in giving

we get. And for a daughter or a son to come home of an

evening and to tell of a lovely time makes the experience not

Enjoy only his again—but others'also. To paraphrase one word

finer flavor of this deeply significant sentence from the Savior: "For

greater and nutrition of whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will

wheat whole [share] his life... shall find it"1—over and over again.

... grain

freshly ground Jke Spoken Word from temple square

KSL PRESENTED AND COLUMBIA OVER THE BROADCASTING every is food element Everincreasing 17, 1955 retained! SYSTEM, APRIL TOWRITE in popularity for 1955 Copyright, DAY prices—FREE Everyone that knows foctsl recipes—food bread other and cereal 16:25. Watthew

foods with whole made SPECIAL grain freshly ground FLOUR OFFER—is tastier far richer and

introfor coupon Send in healthgiving nutrioffer ductory 5-lb. of

it's ments. the And—pkg., Smith Deaf wheat PRAYER RIGHT FOR THE WORD wise where somehome flour, richAmerica's

is it. thing done about in est food elements, Priestley By Anna M. select or Wis. -Minn., efficient, Rapid the—

flour wheat stone Electric lee Household—

it's ground the day for imperiled us precious these strong words Mill Of metals the from Flour reduces whole P'ive heart's own shipped. fluffy grain to for flour ** mine, days;

fraction of penny a a love For stronger is can citadel build a betrays. link that the one word weak LEE ENGINEERING CO. A all, Best pound. of a

it's STONE GROUND Milwaukee 3, Wis. Let words be chosen with consummate care, Than that in which the mind's cold minions

dwell.LEE I.E. ENGINEERING Dept., after COMPANY, prayer, caution, only Released with give the hold our destiny God who men Wisconsin Ave.,2023 Milwaukee W. Wis. 3, if that, rightly are they For weapsons to halt the words of used, Wise tyranny, march

5-lb. SMITH DEAF FLOUR, pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 if it will that or abused. world, build our wreck Words a honest purpose show Can

5- lb. WIS. FLOUR, Postpaid. -MINN. pkg. Only $1.00 lies set our could world wrong words The now

Name on fire, In helping all who will to fraternize desire. right to our 'And ones mold it more yet convince the world that we wouldStreet, The

fight to carved the words, us wellrounded Give

City State line To the last man for what we know is right.

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA take gour choice Now or

jjEnanminDiiensL

Each polyethylenecoated for once around wrapping

This new polyethylenecoated fcrcrft wrap with its crockproof film gives unusual twoply protection, saves considerable time in wrapping and you have two choices:

In Coral, it makes red meat appear a deeper red, yet minimizes bloody strikethrough.

In White, it gives that clean fresh look.

Both Coral and White toczin are crackproof, odorless, tasteless wraps. Proven

premium quality, but moderately priced.

Phone your Western Waxed Paper distributor about toe zin today.

\We4t&w Waxed <$&& &t #*t6 ewHten, a*td ctwAmt&t naifo oMS

LOCZINNew Coral or White kraf t, bonded to polyethylene Jr/*"

DIVISION WAX'S PAPER WESTERN * LOCKERAPCORPORATION CROWN ZELURBACH * -mmBuff or White, for premium protection at low cost

North Portland, Oregon, P.O. &6x 518

LOCKERFOILSort leorsdro. Calif., 2101 Williams St.

3 -ply protection: aluminum.+ paper + plastic wax tos Angeles, Calif., 5900 Sheila Street

Security for Your Child

(Concluded from page 394) low the same rules. Standards regarding politeness, honesty, promptness, eating habits, going to bed on

time, once agreed upon should be adhered to consistently.

Ability to make a sensible appraisal of himself is also an important source of security to a child, particularly an adolescent. Parents and teachers

should tactfully help him learn to accept his limitations, but not in a lazy, indifferent way. Suppose your

son can't possibly make the high school football team, but he's a good marksman; by all means make it possible for him to join the rifle team and

get the most fun from it that he can.

I Bought MY AUTO INSURANCE at 25% Off Encouraging children to be the kind from of people their special aptitudes and talents fit them for can increase their

America's Oldest Total Abstainers Auto Insurance Co. feeling of security immeasurably.

record—I provedand thatPreferredI wasRiska totalprovedabstainerthat theywithcoulda goodprotectdrivingme ityAlthoughis essentiala certainto happy,sensehealthyof securliv- with standard form automobile insurance cost of at a 25% below ing, there is such a thing as surroundwhat paying I had been... That ago! years was five

ing a child it. Even with too much of this But the beginning was only initial I found the... 25%

diffiface sometimes must saving followed progressive was rate by reductions based on my children own safe driving record. Since I had no accidents my rate went culties and solve their own problems.

down even lower... Today my saving on auto insurance For this reason, absolute trust in

is 44%! adults and dependence on them

I was surprised that I could save so much—but I shouldn't should not be allowed to reach undue

have been. I know that drinking drivers are responsible for proportions as a child grows from

thousands of costly accidents and cause other insurance combabyhood. If he is ever going to atpanies to pay out millions of dollars in claims... Preferred tain emotional maturity, he needs to

Risk pays these out on none of "drinking"losses because it has learn to direct, manage, and discipline it none. It has insures none because only. nondrinkers*

himself; he should gradually become

Preferred satisfied wonder policyholders No has 60,000 As he more selfreliant. more and over and $2,000,000 issues America's non only in assets—andRisk physically he and mentally, total assessable abstainers policy. I develops I smile wonder when No

say "No thanks, I'm a P. R."should be given many opportunities

*Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. Tne occasional "social"drinker for practice in taking responsibility.

is NOT eligible. It you qualify, return this coupon for an Immediate Fortunately, children soon develop the

quotation. urge to do things for themselves; "let

insist. Adults should do it,"they me ACT NOW—USE THIS COUPON this desire. encourage

Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abYoungsters sometimes demand instainers. I understand there is no obligation. dependence in what to adults seems

Name auto insurance My should an alarming degree. We expires:

necesthis characteristic as a recognize Address Month

City.State.. Day sary part of the growingup process,

Occupation Year guide them to assert their independAge of Drivers...Male Female ence in legitimate ways, and help

Make of Car Year. No. Cylinders. them change from a domineering

Body type & Model (Series) attitude to one of cooperation with

Use of Car: Pleasure Q Business Q To and from work miles one way. those about them.

Marital Status of Principal Driver: Married with children

Single, living at home Q Single FORECAST

DofifOm ACCIDENTS i PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL HPhey predictBy Helenthe weatherBaker Adamsfor me

INSURANCE COMPANY The children across the way 501 JUDGE BLDG., DEPT. 655, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH AnnounceKites and skatesa still andchillya ballon-a-stringday.

PHONE 4-1931 Marbles and skipropes and jacks foretell

Warm earth and a genuine sun.

'America's Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Company"—Sam Morris, President And when they reopen that lemonade stand,

I know that the summer's begun!

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 0ie(mim

SCOUTS

16. JACOB HAMBLIN AMONG THE INDIANS—

James A. Little $.25

17. THE YOUNGEST SOLDIER—Mabel Harmer $2.75

Young Marty and his family leave England to join the Mormons. In the long trek across wilderness country to Zion, 16year-old Marty enlists in the Nauvoo

JR.M-MEN & JR. GLEANERS Legion, and becomes the "yunSest soldier."

EXPLORERS 1. THE GOSPEL OF ST. JOHN—Available

at all prices and bindings. 18. THE GOSPEL OF ST. JOHN

2. LARRY—Foster Foundation of America $2.75 19. JACOB HAMBLIN AMONG THE INDIANS—

A. Little James $.25 JACOB 3. OUR FIRST LADIES—Jane and Burt

tells the story of Jacob Hamblin's courage, This book HAMBUH McConnell $3.50

his understanding of the Indians, and the many bonds 4. IN THE GOSPEL NET—John A. Widtsoe $1.75 of friendship he makes with them.

5. LOVE IS ETERNAL—Irving Stone $3.95 20. HORSES ARE FOR WARRIORS—William E. Sanderson $3.50

This novel relates the dramatically different story of the marriage CARLSANDBUFG and Todd of Mary BEEHIVE

It Lincoln. portrays as Mary Abraham Todd ABRAHAM

intelligent, highspirited, beautiful, often and 21. LIFE OF THE BEE—r Maurice Maeterlinck $3.00

misjudged by historians.

22. REBECCA OF SUNNYBROOK FARM—Kate D. Wiggin $1.25

I 6. PERSIA IS MY HEART—Najmen Naiafi as 23. ANNE OF GREEN GABLES—L. M Montgomery $1.25 told Hinckley to Helen $3.00

This is the heartwarming story of Anne Shirley, a

is couple. elderly by an adopted little orphan 7. PERSONAL girl, who PROBLEMS—John *n, ANNE

"I overcomes into a and she develops lovely woman How B Geisel $3.25

all obstacles makes interesting reading.

24. GIRL OF THE LIMBERLOST—Gene S Porter $1.49

8. GRANDMA MOSES—My Life's History25. THE SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON—H Wyss $1.50

Edited by Otto Kallir $3.50 26. FLORENCE NIGHTINGALE—Jeonnette C. Nolan $3.00

9. BY THESE WORDS—Selected by Paul M. 27. BEN HUR—Lew Wallace $1.50

Angle $5.95

28. LITTLE WOMEN—Louisa M Alcott $1.50 A compilation of the great documents of

American lrberty. 29. POLLYANNA—Eleanor H. Porter $1.00

Marguerite Vance $2.75 10. LOVE IS ETERNAL—Irving Stone $3.95 30. THE LEES OF ARLINGTON—

31. FIVE LITTLE PEPPERS—Margaret Sidney $1.50 11. ABRAHAM LINCOLN—Carl Sandburg $7.50 Based on his famed six volume work on 32. LITTLE SHEPHERD OF KINGDOM COME—

Lincoln, Carl Sandburg has written this deJohn Fox, Jr $1.49

finitive onevolume biography... rated by

critics as one of the best of the decade. i

12. DOCTRINES OF SALVATION—Sermons

and Writings of Joseph Fielding Smith

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie $3.00 Dessert

44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah

MIA MAIDS DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Forbes $3.00 TREMAIN 13. JOHNNY Gentlemen:—Esther

Enclosed you Revolutionary is the scene Boston in 1773 the fo account willamountfind $ ( ) check ( ) moneyfor theorderencircledor ((numbered)) charge my of this exciting novel about a young boy books: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16

who finds a way to assist the American 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 patriots.

ADDRESS STATE ZONE Gladys Malvern 14. THE FOREIGNER $2.75 CITY—

additional book. AddResidents12c aostageof Utah forinc ludethe first2% book,sales tax.8c for each

15. GIRL Fox.$2.75 BONNIE, ISLAND—Genevieve

JUNE 1955 451 June Conference Events

(Continued from page 374) Hand Weaving FAST—Hotel Utah ($2.25, reservations

necessary by June 6).

3:45 p.m. MUSIC FESTIVAL REHEARS-

5:00 p.m. ERA CITATION DINNER—in your home

Hotel Utah.

TW 9:007:00formance)—Tabernacle.p.m.p.m. MUSICMUSIC FESTIVALFESTIVAL (repeat(first perper- For pleasure formance)—Tabernacle.

11, DEPARTMENT and profit SATURDAY, JUNESESSIONS

EXECUTIVE AND SECRETARY

Presidencies, and Secre- P Easy to Learn 9:0010:30perintendencies,|ni"]p c I a.m.pp l"T"l r\StakeC* I and Ward MIA Su10:3012:00 noon Stake and Ward YM Superintendencies and Secretaries—Assembly

Interesting 10:3012:00Hall. noon Stake and Ward YW Presidencies and Secretaries—Tabernacle.

1:30-3:30 p.m. Stake and Ward YM Superintendents and YW Presidents—TaberPractical 1:30-3:30nacle. p.m. Stake and Ward Agegroup Executives—Assembly Hall.

2:00-4:00ecutives—Bonnevillep.m. Stake andStakeWardHouseActivity(1535ExSECRETARIES A small amount of equipment will start you on a YMWardBonneview Drive) General Session—Capitol2:00 p.m.—StakeHill Wardand

fascinating hobby... or a new source of income YW(3rdSECRETARIESNo. and Columbus1:00 p.m.—NewSt.). Stake.

lost art almost is now Hand Weaving—An

interest being en- 4:00 and revived with much 1:30 p.m.—Newp.m.—All Secretaries—BarrattWard and Stake. 2:00Hall

thusiasm. (60 No. Main).

1:00SECRETARIES ATTENDANCE YW

Quality Hand Woven fabrics and personal- 1:30 p.m.—All Secre- p.m.—Stake. 1:40

ized gift items are in great demand. taries. 3:15-4:00 p.m.—New Secretaries

Questions and and Ward Answers—18th basic the learn Within hours can a few one Street). Ave. (2nd and A

this exciting of practifundamentals and 1:00 a.m. 9:30 and ERA IMPROVEMENT cal assistance instructor art with the of an Sessions. Whittier Ward p.m.—General or instruction pattern Weaving and Hand East). at noon. So. 85c (1515 2nd Lunch books. lead- 8:00 a.m.—Stake SPECIAL INTEREST

Complete equipment for Hand Weaving ers. 10:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m.—All Stake

costs as little as $25.85 for a 13", 2 harness and Ward Leaders and Class Officers.

table loom including shuttles; or our new Cannon Stake Center, 934 Fremont Ave45", 4 harness Herald Jack Loom (as picnue (West 1100 So. Street). Smorgasbord

tured above) together with the finest acLunch $1.00 at noon in Jordan Park.

cessories including loom bench, warping M MENGLEANER 9:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m.

frame, skein winder, shuttles, bobbins, and—General Sessions. Monument Park

allpurpose electric bobbin winder all for Ward (957 So. 20th East). Lunch 85c.

$258.3 5. Priced f.o.b. Los Angeles. Large Dinner Bell for Stake Supervisors—4:15

variety of models, sizes, and prices are p.m. Monument Park Ward, $1.50.

available. Reservations necessarv by June 7th.

GLEANERS JUNIOR M MENJUNIOR Be independent and self supporting. Breakfast, Supervisors'7:00 a.m.—Stake

$1.25, reservations necessary by June 9th.

9:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m.—General Sessions.

Institute of Religion, 274 University St.

11:30—Lunch U of U Cafeteria.

EXPLORER 8:30 a.m.—Stake Leaders. 10:00

a.m.—Stake and Ward Leaders. Lunch

$1.00. 1:30 p.m.—Joint Meeting with Mia

Maids. Pioneer Stake Center (1401 W.

7th South). WEAVING SUPPLY CO. MIA MAID 8:30 a.m.—Stake Supervisors.

10:00 a.m.—Stake and Ward Leaders.

—-. ( Lunch $1.00. 1:30 p.m.—Joint with ExGRANT HAND WEAVING SUPPLY COMPANY plorers. Pioneer Stake Center (1401 W.

3186 W. Pico Blvd., Los Angeles 19, California 7th South).

9:00 a.m.—Stake SCOUTS

( ) Send me information on how I can learn Hand Weaving in my home. 10:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m.—GeneralScout Leaders.Ses-

( ) Send me your equipment catalogue and yarn samples. sions. Lunch $1.00. Yale Ward (1431

( ) I am a capable weaver and am interested in giving Hand Weaving instructions. Gilmer Drive).

BEE HIVE 7:30 a.m. Stake. 9:30 a.m. and

NAME 1:00 p.m.—General Sessions for Stake and

Ward Bee Keepers. Kingsbury Hall, U

ADDRESS of U Campus. Lunch $1.00.

8:30 Su- a.m.—Division ATHLETICS YM

CITY STATE pervisors. 10:00 a.m. and 1:30 p.m.

(Concluded on page 454) 452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it!...the way you want

announcing 's all new SP168 HARVESTOR?awm

Your first look will tell you: this POWERflow Harvester is something new in combines! For the allnew SP168 is the MinneapolisMoline SelfPropelled Harvestor with customer ideas built in! Step

also pickup 12-, models—14foot sizes; 13and to the SP168—up DRIVE POWERFLOW CLUTCH NEW these: advantages off moneymaking check drive hydraulic and -speed Variable clutch enautomotive-type New ground lo operator change allows sepacompletely to operator ables steeroriginal power the handling with easier Far MMlikehydraulic changin without any gear speeds transmission unit from rate drive

one separating adjustment, onelever ing threshing concave and equipment, standard new as or for smooth, effortless shifting. ing declutching without speeds—header height, speed stick and to regulate ground control dual shifting.

a new easyto-shift automotive type clutch and variablespeed

POWERflow hydraulic drive.

adjustable platform, comfort with a large, roomy New operator m[] brakes, leverage wheel, tilted steering seat, new high Ml r I cushiontype heat and noise greatly reduced with an enclosed engine easy to get at for service, new quieterrunning auger and feeder.

NEW ONELEVER POWER STEERING New strength and wearability with singleunit header and thresher

CONCAVE ADJUSTMENT Steer with hydrauUe power OS body, bridgetrussed structural steel frame, 104 rotating and oscillatExtra lets operator equipment. standard lever Calibrated roller cylinder drive. chain lubrication, double that need no strong ing points reserve in rear assembly, stable opening and concave change

breakage. to prevents any return valve seconds and FARMER! cylinder setting.and protects OUTFARMS Rock trap AN MM NOBODY

concave.

NEW WORLD CHAMPIONS! MlNNEAPOLISMOLINE K'.ToVx

UniHuskors placed 1st, 2nd MM in 1954 International and 3rd MeFROM REEL TO STRAW SPREADER...

chanical Corn Picking Contest. FASTER THRESHING... CLEANER GRAIN!

controlled hydraulic 1. UniMatic

with new 8 footcuttingfloatingheightpickupfrom attachment.2 to 41 inches. Also available

fore and springloaded raddle 2. Feeder housingaft. Floatingand bottomfront beater.keeps feeder between clearance constant

rack straw inches of square with 3,520 separating Fulllength 3.

prevent to oscillates separately grain pan Return surface.

plugging. 4. Fishbacked sloping grain pan keeps grain moving steadily on

hills. 5. Grainsaver cleaning shoe with adjustable chaffers and sieves.

6. Twinreel straw spreader spreads straw evenly—on stubble only.

JUNE 1955 453 June Conference Events

(Concluded from page 452) General Sessions. Room 21, 50 No. Main.

Box Lunches at noon 90c.

DANCE 8:00 a.m. and 1:30 p.m.—General

Sessions. 1st Ward (760 So. 8th East).

DRAMA 9:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m.—General

Sessions. Colonial Hills Ward (1455 So.

17th East). 12:00 noon—Haywagon

Theatre presenting prizewinning musical, "Once Upon a Friday."Lunch 85c at

noon.

MUSIC 7:00 a.m.—Division and District

Supervisors. 8:00 a.m.—Stake Directors

and Organists. 9:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m.

General Sessions for Division, District,

Stake, and Ward Leaders. South East

Stake House (2005 So. 9th East). Noon

Lunch 85c.

SPEECH 8:00 a.m.—Stake. 10:00 a.m. and

1:15 p.m.—General Sessions including

195556 Speech Festival: "Power of

Speech."Douglas Ward (721 So. 12th

YWEast).SPORTS 6:30 a.m.—Breakfast for Division and District Supervisors (965

Diestel Road). Dis- 8:00 a.m.—Division,

trict, Stake SportsCamp Supervisors. 9:15

a.m. and 1:00 p.m.—All SportsCamp Directors Sessions. LibertyWells RecreaFinest gasoline, motor oil, tion$1.00.Center (7th So. and 4th E.). Lunch

SUNDAY, JUNE 12

a.m. 7:00 DIVISION COCHAIRMEN, fuel oil and other Board Room, 50 No. Main. 7:45 a.m. DIVISION AND DISTRICT SUPERVIpetroleum products in 46 years. SORS, Barratt Hall. 8:00CAST—Tabernacle.a.m. TABERNACLE CHOIR BROAD-

9:00 a.m. GENERAL SESSION—Under direction of the General Authorities—Taber-

1:30 p.m. GENERAL SESSION—Tabernacle,

"Out of Darkness."You expect more from

It's Smart to Be a Utoco.. and get it!

latterday Saint

(Continued from page 392) precious passport to eternal exaltation, can do much to set a fine example to the girls and women of our

Church who have not yet been the fortunate recipients of these blessings.

I felt sad when in one stake several young girls questioned me about proper clothes for women who had been to the temple. They had had

a very poor example set them by a woman who should have known better. Also, one night, a great lady who

had Latterday Saint background attended an important function dressed a little too "bare."At the

same affair, one of our General Authorities was in attendance. The

lady kept her fur stole on all evening!

That gave me an idea. If each of us,

married or single, would make every dress pass this test: if I were to meet

the President of this Church, would I feel comfortable?

We talk about being a peculiar people, we are—nice peculiar—not

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA queer peculiar. We don't want to

appear funny or dowdy, neither do we crude and vulgar. look Whywant to America's of our own? a style createdon't we Owners of Case Forage Harvesters

We may follow dame fashion in many make one comment in commonways, but if we are wise, I will wager Lightesthow fast they can chop with the dame fashion will be following us tractor power they happen to have.

because our girls and women will be Running That's because of light weight with known as regal, smartly, modestly strong, welded construction... simclothed women who have come to the ple design with few moving partsrealization that it really is smart to be Chopper... low friction ball and roller bear-

a Latterday Saint. ings... and oilbath gears.

Controlling the Past or 6 Knives (Continued from page 386) for Today's Widest notorious with movements of Choice Attachments of virteacher perfectvailingservility—the

the lowcost you prefer Whether 4-knife standardcut "210"itself. scholar text Thetue is the

with an ancient text before him may.. or the lowspeed powersaving 6-knife wheel of the "220"

... you put moneysaving meaning intodo with it as he chooses: He may inand "225"models

since you also get thesert any vowels he pleases if it is in your forage harvesting—particularly

a Semitic language; he may divide up world's greatest selection of attachments especially designed

consonants into whatever groups to chop economically any forage crop. These include the

catch his fancy; he may punctuate to regular and shortcorn rowcrop units, windrow pickup,

taste; he may give any word, allegoridraper and greenchop 60inch cutterbars... all providing

cally, any meaning he wants to; in real savings in time and labor, too, since one man can quickchange them in a matter of minutes. The same base machineshort, he can cheat to his heart's contakes Harvester Corn the new unit that picks ears whiletent. But how far will it get him? also

stalks lowcost for chopping feed.

Every wrong and wilful reading must be supported by another one: If one

is arbitrarily treated,word the next 200"Seriesmust be beaten into conformity with it, and the resulting sentence, all wrong, must match the next sentence, and so on. With every wrong reading the student gets himself deeper

into the mud; the farther he carries

the game the more humiliating it becomes; with every new syllable his

position becomes more intolerable and the future more threatening. In

the end he gives up and starts all over again—the text, unaided and

alone, has won the day.

The more one considers the power of the written word, the more miraculous it appears. The determined and

desperate efforts to control it which we have been describing are a remarkable tribute to its uncanny capacity to convey the truth regardless of designing men. Within the K<c5*NA'--rv<,\ '>(

last decade a few simple scrolls have You can't beat the lower investment and operating costs of successfully overcome the solid and PTO drive, especially when you have the advantage of lightdetermined opposition of scholarly runningyour tractor,Case whetherChoppersit withbe incapacitythe 2-plowto matchclass theor poweron up toof consensus and shattered all the fondbig 5 -plow output. If you prefer an engine, however, the

est beliefs and firmest preconceptions Model "22 5"is so equipped. See your Case dealer now for

the chopper of your choice. Ask him about the Case Income

of church historians. Church history Payment Plan that lets you buy a machine when you need it,

must now be written all over again. pay for it when you have money coming in. For pictorial

catalog write to J. I. Case Co., Dept. F-445, Racine, Wis;

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1955 455 Controlling the Past

(Continued from preceding page) and it is to the most vital questions of that fascinating subject that we must now turn our attention.

(To he continued)

BIBLIOGRAPHY

102E. g., in BASOR 70, p. 21.

MSM. Mielziner, Introduction to the Talmud (Cincinnati, 1894), pp. 89f.

1MF. Dieterici, Die Philosophie der Araber

im X. Jh.n.Chr. (Leipzig, 1876), pp. 18ff.

105Thus Anselm on the enormous difficulty of interpreting a translated passage of scripture, Cur Deus Homo, I, 18, in Patrol. Lat.,

158:388. 106A. Gardiner, in }nl. of Eg. Archaeol. IX

(1923), p. 6.

107This process is illustrated by S. Potter,

Our Language (Penguin Books, 1953), Ch.

IV, VII, and passim, with Shakespeare leading the parade of innovators.

10S"Now, comparative philological research has definitely proved that the laws which govern one language or group of languages do not govern another, nor do the laws which control linguistic phenomena in one period of history hold true of the same phenomena in a different age."Thus W. F.

Albright, in Jnl. Egypt. Archaeol., XI, 19.

Builtin Hole (London:10BLord Raglan,Watts, 1949),The Originsp. 43. of Religion

""Science News Letter, June 5, 1954.

mOn the closing of the other doors, P.

Behind the gun opening on this jet interceptor is a Le Corbeiller, "Crystals and the Future of "blast tube,"to protect the plane from high presPhysics,"in Scientific American, January 1953, pp. 50ff. On the new "translation

sures and gases caused by the firing of the gun. machine"(IBM 701) and its limitations,

Formerly, this tube was machined from solid steel see Mina Rees, ("Computers: 1954"), in

bar stock, but has now been replaced with USS ScientificThis gadgetMonthly,is simplyAugustan electronic1954, pp.dictionU8ff.

Stainless Steel Tubes. These tubes are pierced from ary that gives back the oneto-one equivasolid steel, and they afford the absolute uniformity lents that have been built into it. Where

such oneto-one relationships do not exist of wall strength required. between languages, it will not work.

Irma Had a Headache

(Continued from page 389) Irma could imagine the inadequacy Brice was feeling. She wondered UNITED STATES STEEL frantically if there was anything she

could say that would get them to

An Improvement Era Publication start talking. Maybe they'd be interested in her plans for the living A Book—A Man

enthusiastic. sounded I think "So A Message room. She rushed into it, hoping she be able to start shopping we should

for our new living room suite by this time next month. Anyone have a "Gospel choice as to color?"

Still speaking. the three sat without

afraid Brice's patience Ideals rr She was was

Selections from the Discourses of beginning to strain at their lack of

David O. McKay response.to tell themInwhatdesperationthe doctorshehadbegansaid

$4.00 at all bookdealers today. Faye raised her head, and

Irma was shocked at the almost hap456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA py look on her face. Would she

actually be glad if her mother had a collapse? Irma felt that her whole

world was tipping crazily now. What

could she do? A newspaper lay on

the swing beside her with a picture of a graduate in cap and gown. That

was it. She could ask Jill about her

new dress for Senior day. "Uh, Jill,

have you decided what sort of dress you'd like? Graduation isn't far

away, you know."

To Irma's consternation, Jill burst into noisy weeping and jumped up, intending to rush into the house.

Brice's voice stopped her. "Sit down,

Jill! Now be sensible and tell your

mother what she asked you."Jill

sank down on the step mumbling, "I don't want any dress. Won't be

needing one."Then more loudly,

"What do I want a graduation dress for? I quit school last Monday."

sat stunned. Irma Jill was the GoldfishBrice and

crying again. Irma said softly, "Why, he's part of the fun

Jill? Why did you quit?"of family dinner in the

"Why shouldn't I quit?"The girl COFFEE SHOPcried defiantly. "I was going to

flunk chemistry anyway. I couldn't Hotel Utah

graduate without my chemistry credMax Carpenter, Manager its, and I'm certainly not going back next year and take that old stuff all over again. Not with those stupid

juniors!"Irma sighed with relief. Bad as it IMPROVEMENT ERAS

was, it wasn't as bad as her wild imaginings had been. "Jill, it will be

all right. I'll go with you to your l/l/iil be uL5ouncl

chemistry teacher tomorrow. Maybe

he'll let you make up the work. I

don't remember too much about Tuncidomeiu for chemistry, but I'm sure we can work it out together. Of course you'll

graduate, darling. Daddy and I will ontu *jp"

be sitting right there watching you walk down the aisle. And we'll be... in the West's finest bindery at the Deseret

the proudest parents in the hall."News Press. Retain for permanent use the excellent

instruction and outstanding articles of lasting interJill's face was turned up now, wet, est that appear monthly in your Improvement Era.

but radiant with hope. Brice took You may have your editions of the Era handsomely

his handkerchief and held it out to boundstamping.nowCostin clothcoveredis just $3 (prepaid),book formpluswithnecesgold

his daughter with a twinkle. "Keep sary postage, for an entire year's issues. Use the

the smile, Jill, but wipe off the waterfollowing rate guide to determine postage costs.

fall."Irma saw Anthon and Faye talkDistanceUp to 150frommilesSalt Lake City, Utah Rate43 ing together in whispers. She heard 150 to 300 miles 49

to 600 miles 59Faye say, "Go on. They might not 300

miles...a to 1000 600

be too mad."1000 to 1400 miles 7388

"Was there something you wanted Over1400 to18001800milesmiles 1.061.23

to tell us about your bike, Anthon?"

Irma thought a little prompting might help.

"I don't know why I need to. Deseret News Press

Actually it's all settled. I broke his THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS

(Continued on following page) 31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

JUNE 1955 457 IRMA HAD A HEADACHE (Continued from preceding page) we were always too tired and cross?"thing Irma could make out of it was

window, and he took my bike to pay asked Brice. they were protesting something. "Hey,

for it, that's all.""Yes, but I could see why you wait a minute! One at a time! Jill,

Brice leaned forward frowning. were. Mother trying to keep up with what were you saying?"

"Whose window? When did this the housework and keep her job go- "Good grief, Mother, is that why

happen?"ing, too. And I guess you have so you've been working? We're not

Anthon hunched his shoulders many people's worries to cope with ashamed of our house. Why, Lennie

nervously. "It was in front of that all day, naturally you'd just want doesn't have any rug at all on her

secondhand shop, the one they call peace and quiet when you get home."living room floor, and we always

Junky Joe's. I was riding along, and Irma thought, what a sweet, underhave a gang over there. You oughta

a kid on another bike gave me a standing girl she is! I've been missknow, Mom, that it isn't the things

shove, and I crashed sideways into ing a great deal. But I was doing it you have in a house that counts. It's

the window. The thing had been for their sakes. how it feels in your house. And ours

cracked a long time ago, but the guy Faye was picking bits of fluff off hasn't had a good feeling for a long, came hollering out and said I'd have the hem of her skirt. "Mom, supposlong time."

to pay for it right there. I didn't ing you did quit. I mean, like the "Yeah,"Anthon broke in, "I read

have any money, so he said I'd have doctor said. Would everything crash some place that a home without a

to give him my bike. So I did, and in? Would we still have food to eat mother is just a place to leave from

that's all there is to it."and things?"and come back to. And I said to

"But, Anthon, that cracked shop "Darling, it's just that I want the myself, 'That's just what ours is.'

window wasn't worth nearly as much house to look nice so that we'll have Will you quit, Mom?"He was pullas your bicycle. It was practically a homey atmosphere. I thought you ing urgently on her fingers. "It sure

new. Anthon, why didn't you tell might stay home more, maybe invite would be wonderful. I can remember

Daddy or me?"your crowd in for parties sometimes. how you used to bake homemade

"What's the use? You are always The way it is now you must be bread and cinnamon rolls and the best

so cross and tired. I quit trying to ashamed to have your friends come things. The kitchen always smelled

tell you anything a long time ago."home with you."so good. Now it seems like all we

"Is that why you didn't tell us The three teenagers all burst into eat is what is in a paper bag or a can."

about your chemistry, Jill? Because talk at the same time. The only Brice put both arms around Irma

their vision is priceless

Children are a mother's greatest pride and joy.

The wise mother makes certain of their most priceless possession... good vision. Don't ever

bargain with your youngsters'eyesight. Your

son or daughter will thank you in later years for giving them the advantages of proper eye care. The experienced, registered optometrists

at Standard Optical Co. and highlyskilled opticians assure perfectvision eyewear for your

children and for you. Get the Best quality

glasses and the best eyecare... no appointment PAY NOTHING DOWN necessary

ONLY $1 A WEEK

SATISFACTION

GUARANTEED or Your Money Refunded

273 SOUTH MAIN - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Offices in: Salt Lake City, Ogden, Provo, Price, Logan, Idaho Falls 4,

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and squeezed. "Well, honey, I guess

we'd better tell Mr. Holbrook to give

family. to youryou back He may For over 30 years saving 15% help, your but they need andwant

want you more."

Anthon jumped up and began kickon Fire Insurance P* ing the edge of the porch out of sheer exuberance. "Could we even have

Family Night like we used to? Like

all of us singing or just talking? Those

used to be the keenest times we ever had."Irma felt the contagion of their elation rising in her. The thought of

not having to carry the double burden any longer was a wonderful relief. "Of course we'll have Family

what's I don't Nights, know and wow cur

Jill, tonight. O.K.? you withwrong

get that can of popcorn that's beengathering dust on the shelf. Anthon, ON BETTER

you can get some apples out of the crisper. Faye, do you think you can AUTO

find a good recipe for peanut brittle?"

Anthon heaved a sigh that must INSURANCE have come up from his shoes. "Gee!

It feels like we're really a family Careful driving saves lives. If you are a safe

again!"driver you can cut costs on your auto insurReaching a hand up to touch her husband's face, Irma thought she saw ance. SAFECO—member of the General of

the children's happiness reflected in America group of insurance companies—

his soft brown eyes. offers you the best protection available, na- S> tionwide 24hour claims service and the safeco

experienced personal counsel of your local agent or broker... and YOU SAVE MONEY. ME?"

Just the Groom See or call your local agent or broker today or write us, at 49 East 1st (Continued from page 391) South, Salt Lake City, for the name of the SAFECO agent or broker nearloved her all those years, even though est you. Telephone if you wishSalt Lake City 4-7717.

his mother called it "puppy love,"supposing that when he grew up and went to college things would change.

futilely, out her She reached hands almost she stop as though would the Save with SAFECO Auto Insurance years that had gone past like tumbleweeds in a windstorm. In high school

they were going "steady,"she was wearing "heels"to the high school Has your ward shown either prom. He had asked his mother of these films?

(By L.D.S, people for L.D.S. showings)about a corsage, saying, "Some of the "Courtesy

boys are buying orchids,"and his goes beyond OLIVER COWDERY tanned forehead creased, "but I can't 45 min. 16mm color sound dramatization of

highlights in his life. Very educational and

entertaining.afford it—on my allowance."dependability"

She hesitated, then sensing how imBUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM THE CHOICE LAND portant it could be to a boy, she said, 30 min. 16mm sound film dramatizing the

Story of the Americas with Book of Mormon "I might let you have a couple of history as theme.

dollars from the grocery money."Reasonable rental Also hundreds

to choose other films from of at looked a he For moment write full information, or call For PLYMOUTH her DODGE said,hopefully, "Thanks, then Mom, Lake City, Utah Salt 1000 So. Main,

it I'd next week, have backbut to pay I 111! \>S S

Salt Lake City, Utahand next week there's the game and 54 Post Office Place

Phone 3-5417 (Continued on following page) JUNE 1955 459 JUST THE GROOM (Continued from preceding page) much corsaging in my day, but I've stuff."After a pause, he asked her, always loved yellow roses, talisman,

"What kind of flowers would you they call them."Rah like?""Gee, her dress is blue. The yelShe laughed, "We didn't do so low ought to be just right."

Flavor! '%t to condemn,... but to Save...

Richard L. Evans

f\F othersthe seventhrecorddayhowprecedingthe multitudeEaster, Johnacknowledgedthe Beloved andthe

Master for what he was: the King of Israel, Messiah, and

Savior. Less than one week later, with false accusation and

the mockeries of men, he was on the cross—and there were

death and darkness and despair. But these were followed

by dawn and light and life, by resurrection and redemption from death. Some nineteen centuries have passed since then,

and the "opposition in all things"is still sharply in evidence:

"if t Still there is the struggle of evil and good, error and truth, |et the whole family in on darkness and light, death and life. But despite all discouragethe fun of home canning ments, and sometimes despair, there is the blessed reassuring

while strawberries are at their certainty that the Lord God who gave us life and made us juiciest best! Dad and the in his image will, with our willingness, lead us to further

children can easily hull and wash light, to fuller life, and happiness. For this cause were all

they'll eatberries. Later enjoy the this his sent for the Only commandments he given—and

they ing helped because more them to to Begotten but save condemn, the Son not world1—that

with the canning!

that not Beloved whole be Son same need said: "They who

You'll find dozens of uses for your homecanned strawberries, in a physician, but they that are sick"2—that same Beloved Son

said: that are me, unto all ye labour and heavy "Come who tarts, shortcakes, for ices, topping

rest."I will give laden, to sufferthe the sick, and you 3 And... this easyto-do etc. And try

ing, the sorrowing, to the injured and offended, to the puzzled and perplexed, to those withdrawn within themselves, to the falsely dealt with and deceived, to those who have, Quart Strain* Q"'lost their loved ones, to those who live in loneliness—to all,

sits there is help at his from Father's him even now who measum before slices inch Vi { side, to sent to heal, to encourage, help, to was and issogg t. sugar who unt. slowly Cook

of to lift the lives the to lead men, to happiness unbl way rapidly Dome love, wit BALL seatsea iS r Jars.nThen life. hot BALL else father and everlasting any would What

pSSness wish for and flavor of his children? What else would we wish for our own—but

ail your home canning. happiness and everlasting life with our loved ones? And for

this cause are all the counsels and commandments of God

Send for BALL BLUE BOOK given. There are no unessential commandments, none that

300 moneysaving recipes. 64 pages. we can safely ignore or set aside (unless God shall withdraw

for instructions Complete canning it or declare it fulfilled). And blessedly, the same sure things

Beautifully and freezing. illustrated.

Send 25c to Ball Brothers Co., that lead to happiness hereafter, lead also to happiness here.

Dept. E65, Box 388, ElMonte, Cal. We would say, in words recorded by John: "For God sent

not his Son into the world to condemn the world"but to

HOME CANNERS save. We would say, in the words uttered at the hour of his

BUY MORE ascension, that "... this same Jesus... shall so come in

like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven."4 And

we would say in the words of Job, but with conviction of

THAN ANY our own: "... I know that my redeemer liveth "5

OTHER BRAND!

Jke S)/?oteen lA/ord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, APRIL 3, 1955 Copyright, 1955

!See John 3:17.

Matthew 9:12.

sIbid., 11:28.

*Acts 1:11.

5Job 19:25.

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Prettier than an orchid, I'd think."

"Would you, Mom? Gee."He

was slicking back his hair. His school

ring shone on the tanned, slender As refreshing fingers.

When they planned the wedding, as a summer he remembered, saying, "We want breeze -- talisman roses for you, don't we?"

Her dress for the reception was toast brown lace, and the yellow roses were perfect. The fact that he

had remembered for so long brought the swift tears—which seemed so near

the surface—to her eyes. Yet, even

then, she kept thinking, "It isn't true. It's all a dream. He's still a

hoy."Made with MORNING MILK Drawing herself back to the pres- - the milk that whipsent, she felt a quick awareness of the

time. They should soon be leaving No cooking—just whip, mix and chill

for the temple. As she stood up, the

car came to a halt outside, Kent leaped out, ran up the walk, onto the This partypink pie brings the fresh flavor of luscious porch. Soon he was facing her, his strawberries to your table. Made with a Honey Bee

hair smooth and clipped (after the Graham crumb crust, Morning Milk's Frosty Pie bulldog phase), his face pink from recipe is also delicious in other fruit flavors. Ask

his first tonsorial shave. for FREE RECIPES at your food store.

"Jeepers, Mother,"he cried, "aren't you ready? We have to be there in FOR BEST RESULTS IN ALL YOUR RECIPES

an hour."USE THAT GOOD MORNING MILK

"That's plenty of time,"she assured him, "I'm bathed. Don't get

excited."

to his seemed machinery Suddenly, Preserve the musical tradition that bit as he realizedslow down a he had spoken sharply, and that there wouldn't be a tomorrow here when of your church he could make it up to her. He came

over to her, put his hands upon her shoulders, whispering, "Sorry."LET WlCkS REBUILD

She put her face against his, which YOUR OLD PIPE ORGAN smelled of talcum, and held him briefly. For a moment, neither of them Time need not take its toll of the

spoke, then he said, hoarsely, "Thanks beautiful old pipe organ your church

Its traditional love. to grown has—for everything."be restored by Wicks beauty tonal can

She whispered, "Oh, thank you,"craftsmen. It can be enlarged to meet

while she felt they were playing one your modern musical needs, and of the games they had played in his reconstructed to fit your new or childhood. modernized church building... easier

A Wicks Organ Installed in 1906 to play and more troublefree than Her husband came through the door then and paused at the sight of ever before.

them. He was pale for a moment, Nothing is so vital to the spirit of

and his eyes didn't seem to focus your church as your own pipe organ.

right. She smiled, reached her hand Whether rebuilt or completely new,

faithtraditionally provides Wicks out to him.

in every price ful organs pipe range. A letter will bring you com-

"EVERYTHING was right at the recepplete information.

tion—music, flowers, the line.

Rosemary was a perfect bride—slim,***

and sweet and gracious, beautiful in the exquisite gown. A Modern Wicks Installation r\ Oft.E (CO) I

Friends, neighbors, relatives had, cube &.

been coming in crowds. Just for a WICKS ORGAN CO. HIGHLAND, ILL

(Concluded on following page) JUNE 1955 461 Just the Groom (Concluded from preceding page) moment, there was a lull. Julia's

glance skimmed past her husband, the best man, the bride. Then, her eyes

rested on her son, wondering how it could be that now he was hers no longer.

As though he felt her eyes, he

The best graduation gift in the world: turned, looked into them. She smiled,

THE OFFICIAL shruggedand he straightenedhis shouldersthe tomaroonbetter tie,fit the rented white tux. L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE

He winked at her as he lifted his it contains: It is printed on pure milkhand and swept it across his dark

Complete King James Version white India paper by the above the left ear—and

University Cambridge hair—just the Scriptures of surwith shock, with she noticed, Press, the world known The Church's Official Ready large prise, his hand how suddenly Bibles. quality over for References

with the wide wedding band falooked type face is the Authoritative Cambridge Concordance The sharp 'Cameo,'and mous upon it.

Bible Dictionary is It in clear. the bound And, he a man. indeed was He Center References finest Persian Morocco

still Roseher boy, but he was was Bible Atlas leather, handsome and

Ruled paper for notes sturdy for a lifetime's use. mary's more. And, God willing, the

father of proud generations yet to

MISSIONARY BIBLEMB3-$ 11.00 come.

At your local bookstore or from

THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

The Story of Martin Harris (Continued from page 387) In the Nauvoo period of the Church, we had the publication,

Times and Seasons. On January 2, listen! 1843, there was printed a letter from

Justin Brooks to the Prophet Joseph

Smith which had been written from

Kirtland, Ohio, November 7, 1842.

Brother Brooks says in part:

that reached has just information me and baptized been has Martin Harris Brother and you'll be Twelve persons were baptized yesterday and is now on his way home from the water. 5 glad 3 times

The first "glad"comes when you hear the loud snap The Daughters of Utah Pioneers that tells you: you've got a tight seal... those builtin Lid Snaps down! have published a letter dated from

solidly jar rim. gripping rings latex are the

fill jar occurs should second "glad"too you The full, /—highYou'vevacuum.got a NauvooaddressedJulyto "Remembered18 (no year date)Friend:"and gully... or tiny a food adheres to rim bit of a or

lid! the goes develops—SNAP Up comes center to It is signed by Laura Pitkin and carrecan. check and warn you in time to

Lid Snaps up! ries this postscript: third of the firmness your "glad"you see is when The

jar rim Check flavors fruits taste vegetables the and... when you

and recan. exclusive that that been guarded have by THIRD Kirtletter from received a Brother Joseph

resistant enamel. foodacid coat of

has come Harris last Martin week. land

you'll with That's be you can glad when why ALWAYS is very Oliver church. into Cowdery the! BERNAR-DIN

friendly and have prosperous times in that to also written has Phelps place. W. W. LIFTER a Box from for Top JAR BERNAR-DIN and 69c only 25c confession a humble makes Joseph, Lifts Lids. hot jars easily; prevents burned hands. Snap Box Send and Brother Top

church. the into received to be and wishes St., Ind. BERNAR-DIN, Evansville 2201 25c to: West 12, Maryland

In the fall of 1846 Martin Harris was preaching in England against the

It's safer Church, but accomplished little. Back BerNARdin to use

111. IV:63. 1843), (Nauvoo, Seasons STimes and SNAP lids! City, (Salt 1944), Lake West, Throbs Heart of the

is the of letter property the original V;382. The CAPS AND SNAP LIDS

Pioneers. of Daughters Utah

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the United States, on January *>% 23, 1847, at a meeting of the Whitmerites, it was moved by William E.M'Lellin and seconded by Martin w

Harris that this group, fortytwo in number, take upon them the name of "The Church of Christ,""and wear of all appendit henceforth—shorn7

ages or alterations."

This report from Elder Thomas Colburn was published in the St.

Louis Luminary, May 5, 1855.

We called at Kirtland, found a few that called themselves Saints, but very weak, many apostates who had mostly joined the rappers. We had a lengthy interview with

Martin Harris.... He confessed that he

had lost confidence in Joseph Smith, consequently his mind became darkened, and he was left to himself; he tried the Shakers,

but they would not do, then tried Gladden

Bishop, but no satisfaction; had concluded

he would wait until the Saints returned to

Jackson County, and then he would repair there. He gave us a history of the coming

forth of the Book of Mormon; his going to

New York and presenting the characters to Professor Anthon, etc., concluded before

we left that "Brigham Young was Governor,"and that the authorities were there and that he should go there as soon as he could getaway. 8 EVERYBODY

And this report in Salt Lake City is invited to LEADERSHIP WEEK some three years later: June 20 to 24

Dr. John Clinton gave President Young an No matter what position you hold in the

of plains. his trip across theaccount InChurch, there is a festival of learning for you

in that report thecluded statement was the

Martin Harris and William Smith were at at this inspiring event.

Kirtland, Ohio, and had organized a GREAT SPEAKERSMembers of the CHURCH HELPS -Church auxiliary church of their own. General Authorities and other great boards will conduct instruction in

leaders will speak daily. their activities.

Little wonder then, that when ACCOMMODATIONS—Stay right on INTENSIVE COURSES - University

Martin Harris did come to the valley campusjoy inexpensivein comfortablemeals. rooms, enexpertshumanities,will arts,teachandaboutreligion.science,

of the mountains in his eightyeighth EXHIBITS—Valuable exhibits and NOMINAL FEE—The $1 registration

year, in 1870, the Deseret News condaily.film classics will be presented feetertainmentadmits youand toactivities.all classes, ensistently called him "Mr. Harris,"until he had reentered the waters of

baptism. editorial, Elder In one BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY wrote:George Q. Cannon PRO VOUTAH

Mr. Harris saw fit to withdraw himself

from the cause, but its course, owing to the workings of Divinity through faithful agents, has been onward to a most remarkable degree. Saints, have been thousands, by The

nations, the a territorygathered from has HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST been peopled and the foundation of a kingdom laid which will never again be uprooted TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

from the earth; and Martin Harris, no

longer able to resist the conviction that God The average homeowner today carof destinies still the controls guides and Let us check your ries insurance. only enough fire 40%

to returns gladly people, andHis kingdom to He's thinking backward what his valof privileges blessings replacement in their andshare that kingdom. 10 property cost, instead of forward to

what it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.

''Ibid., IV:433.

8St. Louis Luminary, May 5, 1855, p. 2. Letter is

dated May 2, 1855.

"Journal History, May 18, 1858.

Deseret 10The News (weekly) Salt Lake City, SepUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. 1870. 7,tember

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City

(To be concluded) JUNE 1955 463 of leadership in the Church and

Preparing for the Melchizedek Priesthood carryingthereby inheritforwardtheits programs.responsibilityThus,of

every possible effort should be made

Importance of Holding the Prieststowed upon him, and then by magto keep all the boys in line with the hood nifying that priesthood his blessings gospel principles, conforming their would be greater than the wealth of lives to Church standards, in order that they might remain worthy and First—Priesthood Defined the world.

at the proper time be advanced to

In the October, 1954, issue of The the Melchizedek Priesthood. The men

Improvement Era, the fact was made in the senior Aaronic groups should clear that priesthood is the power of Preparation for the Melchizedek be worked with patiently, persistentGod by which all his works, both in Priesthood ly, and intelligently in order that heaven and earth, were and are acthey will overcome any habits whichcomplished. It was pointed out that First—Preparing Boys and Men have kept them from receiving the

from age to age throughout the varifor the Melchizedek Priesthood Melchizedek Priesthood; and as soon

ous gospel dispensations priesthood The Aaronic Priesthood has been as they are worthy, they should rehas always been the divine channel brought from heaven to earth in this ceive that priesthood.

for revealing knowledge to the hugospel dispensation as an appendage man family. Also, it is a fact that the to the Melchizedek Priesthood for the Second—Purpose to Prepare All

priesthood held by members of the specific purpose of preparing its holdLatter-day Saint Males for the of of Latterday Christ Jesus orChurch ers for the higher Melchizedek Melchizedek Priesthood

Saints is the power which he Priesthood; so the of God General 4 and AuIt purpose of the is the avowed

has delegated to them for them to act thorities wholeheartedly sustain the leadership of the Church, assisted and in his stead here on the earth. Aaronic Priesthood programs—both sustained by the holders of the MelSecond—Priesthood's Value in Our forlongtheto boysthe seniorand forAaronicthose groupswho beentirechizedekChurch,Priesthoodto preparethroughoutall malethe

Lives which programs have been estabmembers for the higher priesthood in

Priesthood holds the sealing power lished under inspiration from the order that they may receive a fulness of all gospel ordinances, such sealing Lord. The General Authorities urge of the blessings of the gospel of Jesus

power being necessary for the exalbishoprics, branch presidencies, and Christ. In order to achieve this goal,

tation in the celestial realms of those officers in the various auxiliary orthe complete Aaronic Priesthood prowho lovethe Lord and have kept his ganizations throughout the entire gram should be pushed forward vigcommandments. For example, it is Church to push forward with all their orously; and, each boy of Aaronic

through the power of the Holy Melhearts, might, minds, and strength Priesthood age should be the direct chizedek Priesthood, added to their all of the programs which have been concern of the leaders and his activifaithfulness, that men and women reestablished to assist in preparing ties guided by them continuously. In

ceive the blessings of celestial marboys and men to receive the Holy relationship to the boys under their riage, being sealed by the Holy Spirit Melchizedek Priesthood. Full encharge, those called to positions of 1

of promise to a glorious exaltation dorsement and support of the Genleadership should at all times put into wherein they receive eternal life, eral Authorities are extended to the operation Jesus'parables of "The which modern revelation declares to marvelous Aaronic Priesthood proLost Sheep,""The Lost Coin,"and 2 be the greatest of God's gifts. Paul, gram, as well as the work of the aux- "The Good Samaritan."

iliaries, pointed gentiles, apostle to thethe the inspiration which—under Also, an excellent has program

is inestiexaltation of suchout that being carried forward of heaven—are inaugurated been for the benefitmable worth that throughout the Church; and they of the senior members of the Aaronic

all in officers and teachers commend Priesthood. The General Authorities

... Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, the various for their organizations hereby encourage the bishoprics and intoneither entered the heart have of man, diligence assistin works and good

their assistants throughout the entire for thingsthe prepared hath which for ing in preparing God3 boys and men that love him.them into Church to put operation the

the Melchizedek Priesthood.

complete program for the men who

It is evident, therefore, that each Bishoprics and others concerned hold the Aaronic Priesthood and vigmale member of the Church should are reminded that they at all times orously carry it forward, rememberclearly understand that ranking foreshould be cognizant of the fact that ing at all times that the worth of a most among the prized blessings that Aaronic Priesthood holders will behuman soul is precious in the sight he can receive would be to have the fore long receive the Melchizedek of the Lord. The leaders are encourHoly Melchizedek Priesthood bePriesthood, and many of them will aged to organize into quorums all the

!D. & C. 132:1923. be called into the various positions men who hold the Aaronic Priesthood,

3"Ibid.,I Cor. 14:7;2:9. 11:7; 66:12. 4D. & C. 107:1317. to instruct them in the ways of right464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Priesthood

eousness, to encourage them to keep Priesthood by living righteously and importance of faithfulness and cleanliness the life on part of those who are orthe commandments, and in such cases conforming their lives to the words of priesthood. to the dained

life. receive eternal to to adjust of Should they help as needed, them

it to their unworthily, priesthood habits standards, the Church would manyThis brethren,laxity in ordainingwho havehasreceivedresulted thein thereby preparing themselves to renot be a blessing to them but may priesthood and were not really worthy, receive the Melchizedek Priesthood. prove a curse, for the Lord had deturning to their evil habits and indifferent

Following its reception and as a reclared: ways, if these were ever forsaken. Because

sult of their continuance of keeping of this condition, presiding officers of stakes are discretion in apcare to use asked and is given of unto much For him whom these brethren God's commandments, to for ordination candidates proving and is sins against required; he and who much

for the themselves will prepare living in full are that be sure accord they greater light the shall receive greater higher the ordinances of the gospel. condemnation. with the principles of the gospel and the

doctrines of the Church. Moreover, presiding officers should faithfully impress upon Selecting Men for the MelchizeSecond—Those Whom the Lord all candidates for ordination the seriousdek Priesthood Chooses ness and responsibility which ordination to

First—Choose Only the Worthy warnedIn modernthe revelation,male membersthe Lordof hashis thesequencespriesthoodof disobedienceentails and orthethegraveviolationconMen to Receive the Melchizedek Church with the following forceful ofofficesthe incovenantsthe priesthoodwhich areare receivedconferred.when Priesthood language:

Even though every conceivable efOath and Covenant of the Priestfort has been exerted to induce cerBehold, there are many called but few tain men who belong to the Church are chosen. And why are they not chosen? hood

to prepare themselves to receive the Because their hearts are set so much upon

Melchizedek Priesthood, they refuse thehonorsthingsof men,of thisthatworld,they anddo notaspirelearnto thisthe JesusEveryChristmemberof Latterdayof the ChurchSaints ofis to comply. Under those conditions, one lesson very fortunate to be privileged to

they should not be given the MelThat the rights of the priesthood are inlive in the age of the world's history until Priesthood chizedek they the powers connected with beseparably the it possible of when Lord has made canthat the of heaven heaven, powers and holding those however, come worthy;

for all to receive the male members only nor handled upon not be controlled of responsible positions leadership

Melchizedek Priesthood condition on principles of righteousness.

patiently persistently conthe should and of their worthiness enjoy the and it us, conferred be they upon That may tinue to them. labor with

is true; to blessings cover undertake but therein. provided when we

to the are ordained sins, Before to pride, gratify or our our vain our men receive the those All Holy who to exercise or or control ambition, dominion should Priesthood, they Melchizedek it receive Priesthood Melchizedek of chilsouls the or the compulsion upon fitness a their for such proved have covenant."oath with "an and The of of in degree dren unrighteousany men,

calling. Their blessing holy great and "... the ness, behold, is heavens diliwithdraw themgive they that covenant

worthiness to hold the priesthood and selves; the Spirit of the Lord is grieved; gent heed to the words of eternal

8 therein it should their advancement is withdrawn, be and to the when Amen declared: "For hath Lord The 7 life."the priesthood or authority of that man. the lives within by their determined

live that shall every by word you gospel fold. Those who receive the proceedeth forth from the mouth of Melchizedek Priesthood should be Third—A Caution to Presiding God."s In other words, when men remen who fearlessly abide by the comStake Officers ceive the Melchizedek Priesthood,

mandments which God has given, The following instructions are givthey enter into a covenant with God dedicating themselves to the work of en in the Melchizedek Priesthood that they will be diligent in their the Lord and the upbuilding of the Handbook (pp. 6465) as a caution efforts to magnify their callings in

kingdom. On this subject, the Lord to the presiding stake officers: that priesthood and earnestly strive

has instructed as follows:

to the best of their abilities to keep

Authorities a the General long time For every one of his commandments.

felt that not the enough There has been a day of calling, for the of have Church time has come for a day of choosing; and care has been exercised in ordaining men On the other hand, God's part of

let those be chosen that are worthy. to offices in the priesthood. There are in this covenant, which he seals with

And it shall be manifest unto my serthe Church thousands of men holding the an oath, is that if priesthood holders vant, by the voice of the Spirit, those that Melchizedek Priesthood who are inactive. keep all of the commandments and

are chosen; and they shall be sanctified; Many of these men, when they were ormagnify their priesthood to the best

full the did dained, not understand meancouncil they follow as inasmuch And of their abilities, Jesus Christ deof obligation they priesthood the nor ing shall receive, they have power they which clared: callings. their to magnify accepted The all to things accomplish days after many

5 several revelaclear in very has Lord made to Zion. pertaining

tions, notably sections 20:3866; 84:3242;... all that my Father hath shall be

Thus, men must prove themselves and the entire revelation known as Section given unto him.

worthy to receive the Melchizedek 107 of the Doctrine and Covenants, the (Continued on page 477)

mid., 82:3; Luke 12:48; 2 Ne. 9:2327. mid., 84:43.

mid., 105:3537. TD. & C. 121:3437. 'Ibid., 84:44.

JUNE 1955 465 Thepresicling

Suggestions For Aaronic Priesthood Bearers Officiating In The Sacrament Service

The following recommendations, covhas assisted in passing the sacrament. notions concerning this priesthood reering the administration and passing This recommendation applies also to sponsibility and privilege.

at the sacramentof are to the passed our those sacrament, who officiate on is 10. It that young recommended men

table. forstake and committees Aaronic ward

prefPriesthood, Aaronic bearing the forPriesthood 21 immediate under and reteachers, the Priesthood be assigned moverably 7. Aaronic members

attention:continuous consideration and

ing from one location in the chapel to sponsibility of preparing the sacrament 1. No person is to receive the sacraanother, following the administration of table before the meeting begins. This

ment until after the "highest authority"the sacrament, should be taught to do would include filling the trays with who is sitting on the stand, has been so reverently, avoiding all unnecessary water and providing a sufficient quantiserved. noise or disturbance. Any such movety of sliced unbroken bread and placing

ments should be with the approval of clean white linen under and over the 2. Immediately when the "highest authe bishopric or they should be avoided. trays when placed on the table. Exthority,"who is sitting on the stand, has treme care should be exercised in keepreceived the sacrament, all others, both 8. The bishopric, secretary, and quoing the trays free from surplus water.

on the stand and in the congregation, rum advisers should insist on order and are to receive the sacrament in their exemplary behavior, throughout the en11. Young women, where desired, may

turn without further preference to autire meeting, on the part of Aaronic be given the responsibility of taking care thority or positions held. Priesthood members who officiate in the of the linens and the sacrament trays

sacrament service. following the sacrament meeting. These

not be should sacrament 3. The appurtenances should be kept spotlessly

9. passthat the not feel should other meetattending persons topassed We

at all times. clean

the during of of is the the ing duty sacrament in the meetinghouse theings sacrament meeting time even though deacons only. Bishoprics will do well 12. Any surplus bread left over may

they may be listening to the sacrament occasionally to assign the teachers and be eaten for food and should not be prayers broadcast over a public address priests to pass the sacrament and thus wasted. When eaten as food, the broken

system. Therefore, only those actually avoid the encouragement of any false bread has no sacramental significance.

attending the sacrament meeting, hearing and assenting to the sacrament prayers, are to receive the sacrament.

4. Under no circumstance should the

sacrament be passed to anyone on the outside of the building.

5. Those passing the sacrament are

not to assist the priests at the sacrament table in any way while the meeting is in progress.

6. Unless a young man is excused by Long Beach (California) Stake presidency and stake committee are shown with the

the bishop, he should remain for the twentyeight Aaronic Priesthood members who maintained a one hundred percent attendfull sacrament meeting time after he ance at priesthood and sacrament meeting for the year 1954.

NINETYONE PERCENT

QUALIFIED FOR AWARD

Bountiful Third Ward, Bountiful (Utah) Stake, qualifies ninetyone percent for

Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards for 1954. This is a

remarkable record for such a large enrolment. The bishopric and quorum advisers

are included in the photograph.

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

THREE BROTHERS DISPLAY AWARDS

Teach Priesthood Bearers To Be Punctual

is being done in your ward, in Priesthood bearers as a group and with What your quorum, to overcome indifferindividuals. Please do not overlook the

ence to punctuality on the part of individual. Be kind and understanding

Aaronic Priesthood members? but persist in your efforts to persuade

We think it very likely there is not boys away from any indifference to a ward in the Church without this keeping appointments as promised, and problem in some measure. In some attending meetings on time.

areas, the habit of being late in attending meetings or keeping appointments Another matter is that too often has developed to alarming proportions Aaronic Priesthood boys attend a meetin some of our boys. ing only long enough to insure their

All Aaronic Priesthood leaders are credit in the award program. We sugasked to make punctuality a project to gest careful attention be given to this

be worked on wherever, and as long as, infraction wherever it exists. Our boys

necessary. are expected to be punctual and to reTo do the job effectively in the ward main for the full time of the particular

will require work with all Aaronic meeting.

CHALLENGING RECORDS IN ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS

James, John, and Eugene Roberts, brothers, all priests, Bountiful Ninth Ward, Bountiful (Utah) Stake, have earned and received seventeen individual Aaronic Priesthood awards (including three for 1954) since they were ordained deacons.

AWARD REPORT FOR 1954 (As of May 1, 1955) Stake Awards 18 Ward Awards 555 100% Seals 2,735 Aaronic Priesthood Pins 5,804 Priests 6,303 Teachers 6,339 Deacons 8,363 Lovell Shumway Lael Hoopes David Sorenson

Total Individual Awards....21,005

Lovell and Lael are both from the Star Valley (Wyoming) Stake, the former

NAMPA SECOND WARD, NAMPA from the Osmond Ward, the latter from the Fairview Ward.

(IDAHO) STAKE SETS RECORD Lovell has a one hundred percent attendance record at sacrament and priestof the deacons and teachers All members

Second Ward, quorums, Nampa hood meetings for seven years while in the Aaronic Priesthood. Lael has the same Nampa

(Idaho) Stake, qualified for the Individual perfect attendance record for six years.

for 1954. Priesthood Aaronic Award The

David, American Fork First Ward, Alpine (Utah) Stake has attended all sacraof the total eighty percent ward qualified enrollment. ment and priesthood meetings for five years.

JUNE 1955 467 'Buffet Suppers Qladys

by Iris Parker Gladys D.

Wight

2 cups milk yellow coloring to gelatin. Put in ring

1 teaspoon salt mold. Pimiento and parsley can be

l/g teaspoon white pepper added if desired.

1 cup canned green peas Spoon Bread 1 chicken, diced cup cooked she Gladys Wight does,Everything corn chips. 1 cups 2 cup shortening and enearnestness does with

tablespoons 2 thusiasm and kindness. And perMake a sauce of the butter or marga- 2 tablespoons sugarsalt

haps her most outstanding quality is rine, flour, milk, and seasonings. Add 2 yeast cakes (dissolved in onehalf cup

chicken. Crush corn chips peas and She is extremely water) warmkindness—generosity. top. on and put loved bythoughtful and bighearted, flour 3 cups

for her at cooking in a time enjoys one eggs,everyone. She beaten 4

Steaks Turkey are there afamily, Sunday and many well. ingredients Add above the Mix in flour. Fry dinner. to then people and milk a Dip in dozen thanmore to sticky (6 dough to flour make enough in Place until fat brown. vegetable suppers is buffet for her famousShe bulk. in until rise double Let cups). 8

1 uncan pan. or baking casserole Add her of her patio theon of size off pieces home—and Pinch down. Knead Sprinkle with soup. diluted mushroom food or everydayfavorite food party cinnabutter, in melted Roll walnut. hour onehalf for paprika. Bake

teais reason 2 poultry. sugar and The sugar cup (1 and is simple—her in mon oven. moderate

is nuts. in the chopped and Wight, spoons cinnamon), Reedhusband, J.

angel food pan wellbuttered in Stagger business. processingpoultry Rice Souffle within rise to is half full. Let until pan for turkey are some recipes Here

and chicken dishes, as well as some 1 cup rice (steamed in 2 I/2 cups water) one inch of top. Bake 50 minutes at

of Gladys'other favorites: 1 medium green pepper (ground) 350. Put foil in oven to catch butter

pan. seeps out of that onion, chopped cup Y2

will recipe make two pans of This cheese grated cups 2 Fried Chicken in Batter 1 cup milk bread.

1 egg Spiced Tomato Juice 1 cup milk Y21 teaspoonscant cup saltchopped parsley 1 allpurpose sifted cup juice cup cups tomato melted butter 5 flour y2 1 baking powder teaspoon eggs 2 sugar 6 tablespoons brown l l/2 teaspoons sugar 6 whole cloves 1 teaspoon salt Mix together, saving onehalf cup 2 sticks cinnamon chicken 1 frying (2 1/2 to 3 pounds) cheese for topping. Bake one hour at 4 slices lemon

pieces * cut in 350 F.

Combine all ingredients and bring to

Beat eggs and stir in milk. Add sifted Mustard Ring (to serve with ham) a boil. Simmer for five minutes and

until smooth. cheese sticks. beat with strain. Serve ingredients and dry warm

eggs 4 fry batter in and cups. of to 10 pieces 8 chicken Makes Dip sugar cup F. y4 365 to fryer in deep fat heated in mustard powdered tablespoons 3 Brownies first, 15 for minabout pieces largeCook

1 (dilute vinegar if vinegar malt cup 13 about wings backs and utes. Fry shortening tablespoons 2 heaping strong) too

minutes, liver for one minute. Drain on Salt to taste 4 squares chocolate

toweling. paper sugar 1 cups cream 2 pint whipping

batter, fried without be can Chicken eggs 4 gelatin tablespoons

Serves frying. two V/2 after Salt if desired. vanilla teaspoons 2

to three. Beat eggs and add sugar, mustard, and \ x/2 cups flour

Chafing Dish Chicken vinegar.water andSoakadd gelatinto egg inmixture.onehalfCookcup y22 teaspoonscup milk salt

4 tablespoons butter or margarine until creamy. Let cool and gently add 1 cup nuts

4 tablespoons flour whipped cream. Add a few drops of (Concluded on page 470)

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CRlOY FRIED CHICKEN ZEE

Rinse pieces of frying chicken in cold water, drain (on ZEE Paper Towels, of course). Roll

in seasoned flour (1 teaspoon each salt and 4iax>F paprika and V4 teaspoon pepper mixed with y2 cup flour) on sheet of ZEE Waxed Paper.

Brown slowly in hot shortening '/2 inch deep in skillet. Spread browned pieces in

single layer in shallow pan and bake uncovNAPKINS ered at 350 (moderate) 30 to 45 minutes until well done, brushing occasionally with

Fried chicken is moist yet crusty—but melted butter or margarine. Serve hot or

cold—with a ZEE Paper Napkin handy for

such grand eating and so easy to handle each person.

with a gay ZEE Napkin! New ZEE Napkins

are so soft, yet so much more absorbent you rarely need more than one per meal.

They're strong when wet. No washing, no

ironing for you! In colors, too!

ZEE pUu l'tM Know Your LDS Cooks for all {Concluded from page 468)

Melt shortening and chocolate in pan.

Add sugar and eggs and stir, but do not use a mixer. Add flour, milk, salt, vanilla

and nuts. Bake at 375 J F. for thirty

minutes. Frost while warm.

/"ladys personsWightyou iswillone find.of the Besidesbusiest

keeping an immaculate house and cooking luscious meals for her hus-..armchair bandsionallyandhelpsdaughter,her Peggy,husbandsheinoccahis

business and fills in now and then as or active a substitute teacher in the Ogden schools. She loves people, and so she

Deseret News sports writers does extensive entertaining. She even

and cameramen give fans the finds time to work with ceramics and facts... fast and first fills her assignment each month as a

... every day. Turn to the visiting teacher in the Relief Society.

finest sports pages in the Sister Wight has worked in the

Mountain West in your MIA for twentysix years. She served

Deseret News and Telegram in ward Mutuals and was an MIA stake board member for fifteen years.

She was appointed on Sister Bertha

S. Reeder's original board seven years

served Menon ago and has the M MIEIET ItilMW Interest Special drama, Gleaner, and committees, and is now chairman of the JuniorGleaner committee!

Besides their Mia Maid daughter,

Brother and Sister Wight have a son,

DeVerl, and three grandchildren.

WHY SHOULD YOU PURCHASE A HAMMOND ORGAN A PARABLE FOR PARENTS FOR YOUR CHURCH?

By Lee Priestly UNPREJUDICED INVESTIGATION WILL PROVE

LOWEST FIRST COST Fondparent loosened the

LOWEST UPKEEP (Almost Johnlast button on his vest as with

None) his newspaper he settled himNO TUNING self with the reminiscent satisfaction wellfed. Relaxed in his chair, BfcIiipllB * most simple t play of the

ADEQUATE FOR EVERY he watched his wife inspect a shirt

CHURCH SERVICE taken from her mending basket with

Come In and Hear the JSew a look on her face of one who expects "TOUCHRESPONSE PERCUSSION CONTROL"the worst.

Get Full Particulars From "How does he do it?"Mary Fondparent asked.

questhis for a rhetorical GLEN BROS. applied himMUSIC CO. tion,KnowingJohn Fondparent 74 So. Main

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO self to his reading.

"Wouldn't you think,"Mary asked, "that sometime one button would stay on—or one buttonhole not rip?"

GRAND PIANOS The Story of a Woman side"Apparentlythe shirt."not, when Tim's inSave half the price of a new who was caught Mary Fondparent reached for her

instrument with one of our In the Gospel Net needle. "If I sew the buttons on

Rebuilt Grands extra tight, out they come by the

A. DR. By WIDTSOE JOHN If I roots. sew them loose, they CO. MUSIC JENNINGS Stores At Book—like $1.75 scatter falling leaves."Salt 1st South Lake City28 East

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John Fondparent wasn't really Interested in Tim's lack of buttons.

"That was undoubtedly the best lemon pie I've ever eaten,"he said, then he added hastily, "of course, it wasn't better than the pies you bake."First choice ofthe

"Of course it was,"his wife agreed placidly. "My pies are ordinarily

good, but Marianne's lemon meringueis a cookery masterpiece."whole family

"From the best cook in town, Mother, that's praise!"Marianne

followed her gay voice through the hall doorway. She struck a pose before them and twirled in a flutter of

skirts.. "Like it?"

A gay embroidered rooster on the bodice of the white dress seemed to peck eagerly at three yellow buttons shaped like grains of corn.

Marianne's father chuckled as he inspected it. "That's the best dress

you've designed yet."

As the doorbell rang, Marianne kissed them both hurriedly. "I told

Roger not to come for me till the very last tick. I was afraid I wouldn't

get the hem finished."Then in a

clatter of heels and voices she was gone. "Where's Roger taking her?"John

asked his wife.

"Marjorie Carter is having a party for the cousin who is visiting her.

You remember, I told you about Cora

Carter's sister and niece who live in

New York."This large, 8-ounce jar of Instant Posfum makes up to 100 cups!

John nodded, his mental eye recalling the dress his own daughter had designed and made. "Where did

find that buttons would Marianne dress? Instant Postum is America's fit the idea she her had for

"Those grains of corn on her dress?

She couldn't find any, so she made favorite cereal beverage! those. Out of a yellow toothbrush

handle with her nail file."Turning

lap, shirt in her Mary mangled Tim's of roasted Postum. that's Instant Made Rich and mellow—

is gifted. so cousin "Marjoric's sighed.

flavor, all the gives all the you Postum and bran, wheat whole well, she has sings very and She drink. hot a good satisfaction from you want and warmth the art speech under studied and

very best teachers. I do so wish It's easy to prepare, too—just add hot water or warm milk.

Marianne had some accomplishChildren love their milk mixed with Instant Postum—then their

ments."drink looks like mother's and dad's!

The whole family will enjoy Instant Postum, and it costs less than a penny a cup. You can't afford not to try it! Another

NO COMMENT wonderful General Foods product.

By May Richstone I knotv my experimental new dish is An epicure's dream of something delicious, A triumph Instant Posfum 1 PpSTUM nesse, and of restraint—flavor, fi-

// my husband eats it withNo caffein out complaint I JUNE 1955 471 Wi ConductoRight is printed as an AID in Conducting meetings—Keeping daily appointments—

information @ Recording ward and stake note space—andKeepingeventsa withpersonal record of all Church

activities.

ConductoRight is a 4V4"x7"xW plastic ring bound permanent record book with durable leathertype p'astic cover—Presensi-

tized indexed tabs for calendar or fiscal year.

ConductoRight and all auxiliaryis availableorganizations.for Bishoprics If I Were in My Veens

ConductoRight will be sent on 30day approval.

all inquiries to "ConductoRight"Send to 7th mail East, Salt Lake by Alberta H. Cbristensen 2846 S. and

City 6, Utah. OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY GENERAL BOARD

ALSO AVAILABLE AT DESERET BOOK STORE Son, We have both heard the phrase, Dear Each of your letters wakens "If I had it to live over again."I

memories, for this is your first have used it myself, many times, imsummer to be away, and I also was plying of course, that I could take

Here's another way to a middleteen when I took my first to that reliving the wisdom earned long trip from home. Some of your through subsequent years. Otherwise

reactions to this new experience are there would be no profit in going similar to my own—at your age. back. Would you like to know what

These are wonderful years, son, full I would do differently, if I were your of expectancy and wonderment. With age again?

all its socalled problems, and all the First of all, I would learn to listen.

it age, of the atomic uncertainties a deaf turn ear to the I would notby GREYHOUND in to- a teen to be still is wonderful of octhough comments my elders, day's world. There are so many casionally I did—even to those of my

parents. I felt pretty sure about what Extra low *"*J; interestingchallenging, thingsconstructiveto knowthingsandto do,to facts, I considered academic and

have, that I am profoundly amazed some things mother said seemed to,*, jL/, >TrT> "->\-SrSt."A that any person should exhibit an me, pretty oldfashioned and "out of

attitude of boredom. There is no room date."I often used that phrase. How

realize of truth the I have come to also statements!Check Greyhound for full details matterin this worldof attitude,for boredom.of objectiveIt is allpur-a her say, "But I would

about special moneysaving plans pose; we find that for which we seek. times are different, Dad"not knowGREYHOUND Thosenothing—atwho lookwho forleastlook opportunities,offor interest.nothing,Thosefindfind knowingchanging.howthatmanyIfalthoughI couldfundamentalseyperiencego back Iarewouldis unthe

plenty of them. great teacher, much unhappiness

Such reflection makes me grateful could be avoided and much time for those influences of early years saved by taking the advice of those which have given me an enthusiasm who had to learn through experience.

life, seem to share. for you which and could I wish you have known my "BANQUETMASTER"

1955 MODEL ALLNEW THE NEW! interests present of origifather. my Many read extensively He and had TABLE FOLDING

Designed for today's beautiful nated, or at least were nourished, an illustrative story for nearly every

Schools Churches Private Cafes Homes during my teen years. And I would controversial situation. I can see his

go back and relive them chiefly to kind face now, lighting with earnestgive these interests deeper root. Of ness or whimsical humor as he retold

course there are a few things I would them. Some of these stories I rememdo quite differently wouldn't ber and treasure for their charm and or—just

do. wisdom. But there are interesting

I am with you today in thought, fragments, from those occasions when

Pacific—theas I read of surgingyour firstominoussight waves,of the recallI did notin listen,completenessand thereforeor withcannotacthe peacefully calm inlets. Only the curacy, which make me wish I might

barrier of miles and years separate us go back. Truths, simple but fundain this experience of which you write. mental, were in those stories--deYou are looking ahead, to a world cisions which had influenced his life

rich with promise, while I of middle or my mother's. Since I did not lisyears, am looking in two directions. ten, they are merely fragments of

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA memory. One incident, to which I did

listen with interest, brought a rich and satisfying reward, for it was the means of my finding (when just your age) a large printed record of our ancestors. This is the big green book I

call "Jenny"and from which thousands of our family names for temple TIME AND STEPS work have been taken. |J with extension telephones;

I am glad that you are affiliating I in your home.

with the young Church group, even I An extra phone costs though you will be with them for I only pennies a day.

only a few weeks, and that you have found people, in general, so friendly.

If I could go back to my teens, I would engage in even more group activity than I did, for I would know that the introspective, insecure feeling, so characteristic of the teen age, can be largely overcome by objective, group activity. We forget ourselves

as we share enjoyment with others.

You have found the people friendly because you have reached out to them in friendliness, another. of your virtues.

We mailed the books you wanted.

They should arrive soon. I was workShare Your Space Whying city in the mowtoe library—afternoons, Swinging Door? aSaturdays,. FOLDING with and summers when about

your age and came to know a good BANQUET deal about books. to, I needed and TABLES

this contact with literature has been invaluable to me, but if I had it to Direct Prices do over again, I would read even Discounts to more—more thoroughly and more Churches, Scho

selectively. There are a number of and all Institut

books which I should have read in my teens but did not. Some of these

I have read in recent years, less with TRUCKS storingMONROE Forenjoyment and almost jealous of the Chair*truck Eachand easy, wayTables

Construetime involved. handlesthetion of storage chairs.permits modernFoldingtablesNo. TSCor Sroraqe Transport

in limited eitherTruckspace.

No, Truck what I know you think to inquiries about their Units the the Church 7$may direct merits of radio and TV. They hold ChurchSouth Temple,PurchasingSalt LakeDepartment,City 1, Utah.47 East

great promise educationally, and the IWcwaoe, COMPANY sometimes are very good, but they do 249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX.

not substitute for literature. There is a "MODERNFOLD"

a time and season for all desirable door takes none

LIVING SPACE FOR MOREthings, teen and years are good readBEAUTY NEW COLORFUL DIAGRAMS STEEL - RIGIDing years. OF STRENGTH as are, at Busy you time no WALLS MOVABLE

life,in Latter - day Saint your perhaps, will as Illustrating be you doors the that free to schedule your own time as you principles with complete scriplike an accordionfold are now. Make friends with some tural references and condensed

great people of the book world and summaries of Church doctrines.

helpful for teachers, modernfoldtake them with you, through life. Extremely students, and all Church memSomeone has said that you can bers.

classify a man by what he does in

Author, A. P. Merrill For demonstration write or phonehis leisure time—when he doesn't

to specific things.have do This rePrice EACH—$1.00

of thing anotherminds I would me 1343 South ALDER'SMain Salt Lake City Available at if I I Phone 7-1531 teens.do were would in my

ofpursue handicraft some my early Please free booklet entitled your send me for Living"Space IE10. DESERET BOOK COMPANY | "Moreinterests intensely so that I more

! NAMEmight more easily take them up again 44 East South Temple

i Address.

in later years when hobbies are of Salt Lake City 10, Utah i City State (Concluded on following page) JUNE 1955 473 If I Were in My Teens cu qrar WZAJ&- hrexxxL-\jijcck:\

(Concluded from preceding page)

NOT WHOLE WHEAT... NOT WHITE—BUT A DELICIOUS BLEND OF THE TWO! such value and you children need

All the delicious flavor of white bread... and the me less. Your father has always said

is that no matter how smart a man then, goodness wheat! of whole to make And ROYAL extra

. it even.. even unusual use in more and more distinctive he must much brain or how

tempting... each loaf is generously sprinkled with his profession, he should also know

tasty sesame seeds. how to do at least one productive

TRY A LOAF! thing with his hands. This head and

hand combination, he says, makes for good balance.

Have a good time, Son, keeping in mind, of course, that a really good time is never followed by regret. And

dream a little, too, remembering that there is a difference between dreams and mere wishful thinking. Dreams

are the foundation stones for accomplishment; wishful thinking merely

a substitute for action.

So much for going back—which of

course one can never do, except in memory. At the moment I am glad

that this is so. If I were in my teens,

today, I would not be the mother of a teenage son—tall, redhaired,

clean, and alert—ready for the good

24 Hour thingsson, thatof life.you Maymayheavenrecognizebless theseyou,

service good things and make them a part 365 days a year of yourself.Lovingly,

Mother P.S. It will be good to have you home

again. Even your room misses you.

Electric Protection From Water Damage

Thompson's Water Seal locks out moisture from HANDY HINTS porous surfaces—brick, concrete, stucco, wood, canWATER vas, etc. It is deeppenetrating, transparent, leaves Payment for Handy Hints used will be

no film. Use brush, spray or mop. Helps lock one dollar upon publication. In the event

paint to surface. it sheds water. Use on walls, that two with the same idea are submitted, HEATING floors, foundations, indoors, outdoors. Covers up the one postmarked earlier will receive the

to 400 sq. ft. per gal. At paint, hdwe, building dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

supply stores, or direct. 51.55 per qt. r $4.78 per but each will receive careful consideration.

costs the gal.,Co., Inc.,ppd. Merchandise(No C.O.D.sMart,please.)San E.FranciscoA. Thompson3. It's easy to make waterproof matches to

average Illllfllllllllilllllllllll takeordinaryon matchesfishing orwithboatingphosphorustrips. heads.Use

family A strongly spiritual, faithpro Roll the upper half of each match in only moting book. candle drippings. With one of these

about matches, you can be out in the rain for 10c hoursMichigan.and still get a light. D. K., Lansing, a day "In The

Suy Prom Or Plumber Your Dealer Gospel Net"in Whena lunch,packinglightlyfrostedbutter cakethe waxedor cupcakespaper used for wrapping. This will keep the

Be Modern By Dr. John A. Widtsoe frosting from sticking to the paper and

rubbing off. E. E. B., Taber, Alberta, CanLive Electrically = At all bookstores $1.75 1 ada.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. 01 It is often cheaper to buy large cuts of

meat and grind them at home. Here is an

easy way to do it. Cut the meat into

strips and freeze them. Put through the

DRINK WALLPAPER PASTE grinder while they are still frozen hard. Make it better—and a lot cheaper They will go through surprisingly easy, will

starch. a laundry Use medium fibers threads the around will not or the wrap ficq with Faultless Starch, your regular not stick to the grinder, nor drip juice, and A delightful solution starch as per hot as in be the can ground Meat for those heavy hot beverage

of All package. instructions back on coffee. Seattle, K., L. drink as A. don't fine who grinder.desired.—Mrs. Faultless Starch. stores carry grocery

AT YOUR GROCERS Wash.

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3LowerS

for the

rJLadvL

by R. K. Kent

Flowers for your lady are a gracious gesture at any time. But the fellow who makes the big hit is the

one who knows what kind of flowers to send and when to send them.

If it is a corsage for a party, there are other flowers besides gardenias

Receives congratulations from Governor and fair official and orchids. No matter how much

the corsage costs, the girl friend is not Washington Governor Presents Awards to Top Cook going to be happy if it clashes with 'at home serve yourthe color of her dress. When you Gov. Arthur Langlie presents a blue If you bake

send a corsage, it is always best to ribbon to Mrs. Frank Vasey as Mr. family delicious yeastraised specialties. Active Fleischmann's of the Dry Yeast Manager John McMurray,find out what kind of dress the girl convenient on. is so Fair, looks easy to use, really Washington Western

is going to wear, not just the color but What's more, Mrs. Vasey won 10 stays fresh for months and always

the make of the dress and the mateother prizes in cooking competition rises fast. No wonder it's the yeast

rial. This may be Greek to you, but last fall—all at this same fair. most prizewinning cooks use. Get

with that knowledge you can consult Mrs. Vasey is another prizewin- Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

your sister or mother, or the florist for ning cook who always uses Fleischthe appropriate corsage; telling the mann's Active Dry Yeast. "It's so Get the New

florist the state of your finances will dependable,"she says. "Rises fast "Thrifty Three"

make for just the right combination every time, and keeps for months."

for everyone.

It isn't always the costliest corsage that makes the biggest hit. Something

odd like bachelor buttons and marigolds tied with a silver ribbon is stunning on a black dress. There are

pink and red camellia that make the standard old gardenia look ill. GladiTo create a worshipful, inspiring full

oli, lilies, bright or carnations, snaporgan ensemble electronically requires into somebe fashioned candragons thing exotic for the glamor girl. The all of the following...

older woman always loves something nostalgic such as sweet peas, rosebuds, GYROPHONICinstead of ordinaryPROJECTOR*loud speakers violets, pansies, or daisies. HIGH FIDELITY AMPLIFICATION

There are times when a corsage is RESONATOR TONE CIRCUITS not appropriate for a party. A corPIPE ORGAN VOICING TECHNIQUES

evewell notsage does with go some is the"ALLEN"isthe or a dresses thatning with gown very ornate. In this case the girl may only electronic organ

prefer a flower for her hair. When offering these features Church

choosing this, be sure to pick one that For free information and literature write—*U.S. Patent 2,491,674 ApprovedPrice

$1660 large or a flower single liewill flat, a up and of ones. clustersmall And have wee DUNKLEYSALT LAKE CITY MUSICLOGAN CO. PROVO OGDEN

it made up simply, without bows or Phone 4-3444 Phone 5-9703 Phone 630 Phone 3757 frills. In some cases she may prefer

flowers to wear at her waist. A simple flat flower for this, or a cluster of NEED EXTRA MONEY % HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f

small flowers, tucked through a round For Yourself or Organization d IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k

Gifts to and Quality Greeting Show is thing. doily just thepaper KING'S REST your YE MOTEL to profit. friends neighbors. Send and UpCards 50% 526 5TH STREET SOUTH Approval. List and Samples Free Price on a little give forethought for should One B. Dr. Foutz, Harold Owner

to sending flowers to the sick, too. It QUALITY SALES COMPANY Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

(Continued on following page) BOX 1344 OGDEN, UTAH Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

JUNE 1955 475 Flowers for the Lady We Reduce (Continued from preceding page) Prices...

has always been a rule not to send Not heavily scented flowers to the ill. It Quality!

is also good taste to send cheerful flowers. Lilies, white snapdragons, or

to cheer gladioli are too somber - PLAN NOW FOR YOUR white are Tradition Diamond bold colors person. Gay a sick FALL TOUR TO EUROPE

the things to send. There are beautiful

colors lend an unAutumn forgettable to baskets and flower arrangements made enchantment the old world charm of up for this purpose. But these are exSALE

continent. the European

Universal Travel pensive and since the thought behind See your

Agent now for complete the flowers is much more appreciated travel and itinerary arthan the flowers themselves do not rangements.

hesitate to send the simplest bouquet.

The mother of a new baby is in the a she loves time short a hospital such NO 1 carat wedding band her or with take to home potted plant CHARGE

Reg. pi>"filled with figurines FOR small of the one

Tax 395.00 THIS the is in Grandma flowers. When $22900 SERVICE that binds be a lovely the band see Let to dearly love she hospital would

a familiar old geranium or fuchsia Traditionsparkling weddingdiamonds ringin afrom14KSears.white Sixor

such as she grew in her garden. And yellow gold setting. Fishtail reflector

men? Well, if you send them flowers gives added brilliance.

Other Values $175 to $250 $125 UNIVERSAL make them big and cheerful and masculine looking. Don't send some odd Other Values $250 to $350 $188

travel Service variety that he won't recognize. Most

Hotel Temple Square Hotel Ben Lomond men know roses or daisies when they

5-6552 Salt Lake- 5-5924City Ogden,4-2667Utah see them. Do enclose a funny card

with them. They will keep the card

and take it home with them, but they

FORT SMITH will probably give the flowers to the $35 000 nurse. FOLDING BANQUET TABLES pretty REWARD sending flowers to a funeral When for Jn

keep them in good taste. The showy

wreath is no more appreciated than URANIUM the smallest spray. Keep within your

means. If you are sending the flowers

Here's your chance to "cash in!"Over $2,500,000

to a very close friend, why not send in Government Bonuses have been paid for

Currently years. 2 past in the discoveries URANIUM hybright a or tulips red of like you. just pot is people to a paid a month $150,000

are Scintillators Masonite Counters or and Birch Plastic Precision Geiger When home? lonely the to drangea AluSteel Tops—1%"Apron ga. prospectfor instruments URANIUM finest made Top.—Tubuwith Flush Edges, is BandedLegs—16 compact, instruments minumlar Steel are sensitive funeral highly a theing. These the or when doubt, in Chairs and Tables for Racks Storage Prices field use. built for ruggedly lightweight and

so will many be there one, and at $29.95. start large PRICE IN - QUALITY LOW HIGHEST

DEALER NEAREST solution YOUR CONTACT happiest the anyway, flowers intheir direct may factory and to Wards Chapels write or 47 Dept., Purchasing Church the to quiries CATAdirect12-PAGE for FREE chilto the check a small is to send 1, Utah. City Salt Lake Temple, describing East South LOG,

and URANIUM worthy other or WANTEDDEALERS some hospital by Displayed and dren's Distributed detectors. Metal

H. W. TAYLOR CO., INC. charity in memory of the deceased RECISION RADIATION INSTRUMENTS, INC.

2378 So. State St. Phone 841301 and simply send a card of sympathy 2235 IE So. La Brea, Los Angeles 16, California

Utah City 15, Lake Salt Church Members to the family mentioning that this has WORLD'S LARGEST MANUFACTURER OF PORTABLE RADIATION INSTRUMENTS by Operated and 100% Owned been done.

In small towns where there is no wm-o-m-o-n-o-m-u-mo-u* florist, sometimes there are no flowers Send Your Friends

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS available. So why not send greens,

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple ferns, small evergreens, or small THE sore throat and other minor mouth potted cuttings? These sometimes

and throat irritations. grow into a beautiful memory, when IMPROVEMENT ERA

the cut flowers would have vanished $2.50 a year $3.00 foreign HALLS REMEDY long before. It is the remembrance

Salt Lake City. Utah

that counts.

Mormons in the Magazines

(Concluded from page 390) pages, and four pictures by Charlotte

Brooks, produced by Leo Rosten),

Key questions are of the type that strangers would like to know about the history, beliefs, and practice; these

are clearly and authoritatively answered with the help of some scriptural references, for example, "Do the Mormons have ministers? baby'sSprinklebatha waterlittle andFaultlesssee howStarchit helpsin AfterFaultlesstheStarchbath, todusthelpbabypreventlightlydiaperwith

"Among the Latterday Saints, keep baby's skin soft and smooth. Gives rash. Also soothes and heals heat rash.

ideal as Faultless You'll find a Starch too. fragrance, delightful a bath baby's clergy. 'professional'Thethere is no

fine a pure, such dusting feel fresher, helps powder look and baby Makes for particioffers opportunityChurch.. little, so too! all and.. it. it'scosts powder day! happy keep baby

pation and responsibility for everyone. Any worthy man may be called

to be a bishop or to fill any other priesthood office for an unspecified time, and without financial compensation. For his livelihood, he would to keep babyusually continue his lay profession or How

occupation.

"A boy or girl of eight or ten may occupy a pulpit for a short talk. Boys happy all day

beginning at the age of twelve are ordained to an office in the priesthood. There are organizations within

the Church that provide for study, for service, and for the cultural and recreational activities of every man, woman, and child of all ages. All

are expected to participate and to perform some service. The Mormon is

proud of his 'practical'religion which takes into account the wholeness of man and teaches that '... men are,

that they might have joy'(Book of

Mormon, 2 Nephi 2:25)."

Play clothes get dirty as a child's face! She looks like a doll now, but how long

But you don't need to worry if you use will it last? Baby's pretty dress will stay

the famous Faultless StarchRinse. The fresh and crisp much longer if you use

light starching helps keep dirt on the surFaultless Starch. You'll love the way it

Faultless Starch "does too. Because up"play clothes wash Next washdayMelchizedek Priesthood face.

in! ironing gives aids already mixed you with less scrubbing! clean easier,

(Continued from page 465) And this is according to the oath and covenant which belongeth to the priesthood.

Therefore, all those who receive the priesthood, receive this oath and covenant

Father, he cannot break, which from my neither it be can moved. 10

1('lbid., 84:3840.

Thus, according to the oath and covenant of the priesthood, we shall have the privilege of being sealed to our wives, of having our children born under the covenant, and of eventually gaining eternal life in the Smooth, cool sheets make baby happy You'll find dozens of other ways to use celestial realms upon condition of andIt's comfortableeasy to makeatsheetsthe endandof pillowa busy casesday. Faultlessside panelsStarch.of everySuggestionsbox... watchareforonthem.the

our faithfulness to the end. However, look and feel fresher if you use the FaultLook for the crisp white box with the

these are the words of the Lord relessfinishStarch-Rinse.and makes themIt givesso easythem toa iron!light bigat yourred stargrocer's.and GoodThat'sHousekeepingFaultless Starch!Seal

garding those who do not prove faithful to the covenant of the priesthood: WARNING: The methods described above have been tested and proved for Faultless

(Concluded on following page) Starch only. Perfect results cannot be assured if any other starch is used.

JUNE 1955 477.

Melchizedek Priesthood

PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET Dripless—Clean—Sanitary—Beautiful—Sturdy (Concluded from preceding page)

No Finger Marks—No Water Stains—No Tarnish But whosoever breaketh this covenant

after he hath received it, and altogether turneth therefrom, shall not have forgiveness of sins in this world nor in the world to come. 11

The foregoing definitely shows that dreadful consequences await priesthood holders who do not live in accordance with the oath and covenant of the priesthood after they had received it.

"Ibid., 84:41.

Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful appearing milk white plastic. Large sturdy crystal handles, that fold down for storage, but automatically lock into place when being used.

The water tray consists of two pieces: a flat tray, that can be used as a water These Times

filler, which in turn locks into a deep tray, that absolutely catches ANY dripping water, and is also a receptacle for used cups, which drop down out of sight. (Continued from page 370)

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY and the truth was to make us free.

SETS AVAILABLE AT PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S OFFICE Modern prophets have declared that

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH "the gospel is a perfect law of liberty."

or Is it wise, perhaps, to recall that to cry

Order Direct From "Lord, Lord,"is not to enter the kingTHE PLASTICAL COMPANY dom? How can freedom and organiza3575 W. Manchester Blvd. tion be reconciled? In the family? The

Inglewood 4, California ward? The quorum? The auxiliary? The

stake? The wide, vast farreaching

Church? This outcome is no more a

matter of happenstance than full tithe-. paying, Wordof-Wisdom keeping, and MORE JOBS

than we can fill for tengreatpercentprincipleattendanceis achieved,at meetings.simply beNo

greatest the Perhaps proclaimed. cause PROFESSIONALLY trained of a social problem's demonstration

is a challenge office workers solution in these times for contemporary Christians—especially

is for analysis Toynbee's if there ground training. professional training require good jobs Good—represent a pochurches and new

jobs this will seek summer workers partlytrained Many society. of attractive species and thattentially trained, the.. L.D.S.. professionally Be will be disappointed. many

Business College way, for the shortest route to the best job. How can a man have his liberty and

STILL toClassesjoin Summerbegin Monday,QuarterJunecourses.6 renderTheologyobediencepresents usat withthe thesamevisiontime?of

TIME (Registrations20) also accepted June 13 and June theJob Great38:4-7;"CouncilAbr. 3:2225)of the andGods,"the (Seede-

L.D.S. OFFERS TRAINING IN A WIDE VARIETY OF SUBJECTS cision that the free agency of man must

Socially inviolate. eternally and be

Accounting Business Machines English Typewriting this weighted politically ideal becomes

Shorthand (Gregg Simplified; Machine; HySpeed Longhand) down under the pressure of those free

agents, whether king, priest, pope, parBUSINESS COLLEGE ent,from orforcechild,to briberywho usetoweaponsgain theirrangingends;

BRANCH OF BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY and it becomes lost under the negligence 70 North Main—3-2765—Salt Lake City and weakness of those who fail to measure up to the responsibilities of the

kingship of choice. Constitutionalism,

in church and state, including pre- // you have not received your Annual Index for 1954 scribed procedures, generallyknown

SEND A 3? STAMP TO represent(and not secret)the contemporarygoals and objectives,cultural

of the problem. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA burden

50 North Main St, As stated earlier, Professor Toynbee

Salt Lake City, Utah does not rate as a professional theologian, but as one who has attempted 478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to examine twentyone specimencivi- lizations under his historyglass, he, as a secular scholar in a secular age, offers ideas. is the folsome them Among of Building A Prosperous Agriculture importancelowing view on the

recognizing rich variety in the ecology of man on this planet: 8,300 Utah Farm Families joined with 1,609,461 in the Nation

"Uniformity is not possible in Man's For a Program of Better Rural Living Through Farm Bureau approach to the One True God because

Human Nature is stamped with the A voluntary organization of farm people wholly controlled and fruitful diversity that is a hallmark of directed by its members

God's creative work.... The 'true

light, which lighteth every man that Now Provides Complete Insurance Service cometh into the world'(John 1:9) has

to be received by every creature acAUTO - FIRE - LIFE - FARM COMPREHENSIVE LIABILITY cording to the particular lights with which the Creator has endowed it. To Through: UTAH FARM BUREAU INSURANCE COMPANY

enable souls the to receive human diCOOPERATIVE LIFE OF AMERICA lightvine is the purpose Refor which ligion exists, and it could not fulfil this purpose if it did not faithfully reflect Members of the National Farm Bureau family of insurance comthe diversity of God's human worshippanies with total assets of over $750,000,000.

pers."(Vol. 7:442.)

Toynbee doesn't think that things will 20% current dividend on all auto policies ever be done on earth as they are in heaven, but the "progress of individual BE SURE YOU HAVE A FARM BUREAU POLICY souls through this world towards God, and not the progress of society in this

isworld, the the end in which supreme

isvalue found"fear of UTAH STATE FARM BUREAU FEDERATION 564). His (p.

anthropolatry (manworship or instituRepresentatives in Every County tionworship) is again expressed in the statement that "the touchstone of the 65 E. 4th South, Salt Lake City Phone 9-8668, 9-7311

value of an insitution is whether it helps or hinders man to find his way back to his Maker, and an institution will become an obstacle if it is taken as beingan end in itself instead of being used IT'S BEAUTIFUL! EASY TO APPLY!

as the mere means that is all that it truly is."(P. 561.) FAST!... AND SUPERWASHABLE!

One comes through the remaining volumes to the closing lines of volume

X with the feeling that this great scholar has acquired a sense of appreciation for mankind's historicreligious experience,

Christian, Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist,

Jewish, or what not, that few others will ever realize. Furthermore, one is

impressed with his view of the significance of the contemporary four "higher religions"and their potential harmony.

The hypothesis that universal churches represent a new and important object of study and examination by the social scientist, in a different sense from what past views permit, is challenging and intriguing. Especially is this so in view

of his theory that universal churches, in some circumstances, represent a "new species of society"in an upward spiral of significance, beyond the significance even of the major civilizations. Whether

such a new "species"can successfully YOUR CHOICE OF HUNDREDS OF reconcile freedom and organization reSPECIALLY SELECTED mains a practical problem. Toynbee COLORIZER COLORS

believes "the love of God and of man"Like all Colorixer Colors, you buy them right over the is the essential key. But can this key counter—no intermixing—no blending.

be turned on earth, by men, as it is in Bennett's, 65 W. First South; 21st South and Second West

heaven? This, dear reader, is where we Intelmountainand all Bennett'sCountrybranchesand Southernand dealersCaliforniain the

come in, not only to the study, but also to the living of history in these times.

JUNE 1955 479 Your Pa

GOLDEN GLEANER OF HAWAII MISSION MIA MEMBER NINETY

Sister Gertrude Souza of the Kauai

District, Hawaii Mission, has recently been awarded her Golden

Gleaner certificate and is honored as the first Golden Gleaner in the

Hawaii Mission. At the same time

she received her award, she was chosen to be the Hawaii Mission

YWMIA supervisor, which also is the first time that this position has been held by a local Saint. Sister

Souza served on a twoyear mission to Japan from June 1951 to June 1953, and has served as YWMIA supervisor for the Kauai District.

This summer she plans to attend the MIA June conference to obtain new ideas to use for the Hawaii V

Mission with hopes that just such a program may be put on in the isThe Rupert Second Ward of the Minidoka Stake at Rupert, lands. Idaho have a living answer to those who say they are too old to

attend MIA. He is John W. Hymas who observed his 90th Birthday on February 22nd. He is a regular and enthusiastic member

15, Memphis Tenn. of the Special Interest of the Group Rupert Second MIA. Ward Gentlemen, Brother and his died Hymas three years ago, the wife, who were

It magazine. helps me to congratulate you on a truly fine parents ofAllow 12 children. Together they as faced the have hardships

spiritually than I could in express ever more me words. Whenwell as of the joys the passing years project Minidoka on the and

I feel I a little ever lonely or the homesick open Era comhave and am full contributed their its share of service to the Church and pletely stories articles. entranced the with and auxiliaries. Left right, to asst. sup't., Johnson, Ray Bishop LeRoy

Yours truly, Blacker, John W. Hymas, Vaughn Bair, Sup't. YMMIA, and Leah

/s/ James E. Kemple Catmull.

M MEN GLEANER WEEK IN HAWAII

of and young the Mutual women menThe tion their of the Stake held annual Oahu ImprovementM Men and AssociaGleaner Amythree K.girlsBrown,who achievedStake Gleanerthe GoldenLeader;GleanerMerrenawardAu, Laieand Ward;pins were:and

Week program recently. The activities included firesides, a temple Viola Kelii, Laie 2nd Ward. John Medeiros of the Kaneohe Ward

to excursion the at Laie, election of officers Hawaiian Temple for received the Master Man M award and pin from Stake YMMIA year, visiting classes the coming in neighboring branches, wards and S. Superintendent Robert Taylor.

at a talent picnic program Laie, Kaneohe, sunrise at a services and highlight feature of The the the presenweek was M MenGleaner at the both in tabernacle the Honolulu temple at Laie. and of tation The the Honorary Master and Honorary Golden Men M

of climax the week's the program formal was banquet dance and Gleaner first awards. For the in time history the Stake of the Oahu

at held the picturesque which was Elk's Club at Waikiki Beach. honorary two awards for were presented service outstanding to

Two hundred and eighteen people were in attendance. Master M youth of the church. The awards were presented to Edward theL.

Men and Golden Gleaner awards were made to four outstanding Clissold, President of the Oahu Stake and Irene P. Clissold, wife

members of the MIA who had fulfilled necessary requirements. The of President Clissold.

President Clissold, the recipient of the Honorary Master M Man award, has held many important positions in the Church, as has Sister Clissold, recipient of the Honorary Golden

Gleaner Award.

Honored guests at the annual M

Men Banquet and dance held in March. (Above) All were awarded

Master M Men and Golden Gleaner awards with the exception of Sister

Keawemauhili and Brother Lung who had previously been given the awards.

(L. to r.) John Medeiros, Merren Au,

Amy K. Brown, Irene P. Clissold, Edward L. Clissold, Juanita Kelii Keawemauhili, Viola Kelii, and Glen

Lung.

Officers of the Oahu Stake MIA:

M(I. toMenr.) FirstAdvisor;row: HideoWesley Kanetsuna,Kekauoha,

Sec, YMMIA; Richard L. Clissold,

Activity Couns.; Gordon Adams, outgoing Chairman, M MenGleaner

Council; Wilfred Brown, Stake M

Men Supervisor. Second row, standing: Robert S. Taylor, Stake Sup't.

MIA; Amy Brown, Stake Gleaner

leader; Viola Kelii, outgoing Gleaner

Rep.; Winifred Keanini, incoming

Rep.; Babs Kelly, incoming Chairman of M MenGleaner Council; Lily

Deering, Stake Activity Couns.; YW

MIA; and Julina Lung, Stake Sec,

YWMIA.:.Sffl&

-for Angel ahd you...

bathroom tissue

-that Is -fecial tissue

Chiffon Tissue is actually facial tissue

-'in rolls for bathroom use! And because

it is a twinply facial tissue it's

doublesoft. So very, very gentle.

**Ue A*2 3 fctiat K

Bcf/broam ff'ssue rolls in these 5 soft colors.

New wetstrength white facial tissues in boxes.

"N* mm C? Crown Zellerbach Corporation

..

Beneficial Life's first president

JOSEPH F. SMITH (1905 to 1918)

Our fourth and present president

DAVID 0. McKAY

Second president was HEBER J. GRANT (1918 to 1945)

. 'enmcmvofmu

Just a half century ago this month, the organization of Beneficial Life Insurance Company was completed after months of preliminary planning and effort.

The officers of the company, with Joseph F. Smith as the first president, exemplified the sound, able management that Beneficial has enjoyed ever since. President Heber J. Grant and President George Albert Smith, along with the officers

serving under them, guided Beneficial through more years of sizable and steady progress.

Under the inspiring leadership of our present president, David 0. McKay,

Beneficial will complete it's Golden Anniversary Year with more than a 400fold increase over the life insurance in force at the end of that first successful year... reflecting the continuing growth in business volume, reputation, and service to our policyholders during Fifty Beneficial Years.

BENEFICIAL I

45 to 1951)

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah