In this issue... THE DESERET INDUSTRIES

The Improvement Era July 1963 AT BEAUTIFUL BYU There is a career for you

Get your education the Y's way—receive top academic training together

with spiritual development in an ideal social climate at your Church university. On this beautiful, modern, wellequipped campus, BYU is

inspiring its unusually motivated students to great careers in an age of rapid change. Trained by an outstanding faculty in a philosophy of balanced education, BYU graduates are in demand over the nation because

of their superior education, not only in their academic fields but also in preparation for life.

Plan NOW to Attend Brigham Young

Orientation....Sept. 1720

Registration... Sept. 21, 23, 24 UNIVERSITY

i mi lima auinVM wMHBM i --i- i 1 I 1 --I t *. l *..<;m |iiil

*...* 4 1

I

'.\

&. Exploring

the PACKS Universe NEW!

& CMS? By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. rrUiH

SUPREME 5JJ3P *-* w*tin sLATIN 6nc pomvj Latin, which was the church language and the language of those educated by the church in the medieval scene, lost its position as the universal language of Europe.

It was retained as the language of the universities and for church and state purposes, surviving in parts of PACKS

Germany and Eastern Europe into the eighteenth or nineteenth centuries. It was the language of 8Hungarian officials until 1848. CRISP*

Now, twice as many individually wrapped

EYE REFLEX packs in every package of Supreme Saltine

Mammals have a pupillary reflex in Crackers means you open fewer crackers at which a bright light on one eye a time... keep the rest sealed up fresh and

makes the pupils of both eyes contract. With birds the pupil of the crisp. Get a package next time you shop

eye with the incident light contracts... enjoy fresher, crisper Supreme Saltine

faster.

Crackers often.

Enjoy Supreme cookies, too... they're

"Kitchen rich"good... baked as you

would!

mm

HAWAII'S REEF LIFE

In September 1961 material dredged from a terrace 1,600 feet under the surface of the ocean near Honolulu,

Hawaii, contained reef fauna which grows at a depth of about thirty feet. The corals and pelagic foraminifers [minute ocean animals]

indicate a Miocene geologic age near the surface with a submerging of the terrace and its reef to their present depth at some later time. JULY 1963 SUPREME569

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for July 1963 Volume 66. Number 7

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Fundamental Basis for Home Teaching, ART AND PICTURE CREDITS

President David O. McKay 580 580 Photo: Robert Perine

581 Photo: Ralph Clark

Your Question: Where Did Alma Get His Authority? President 583584589Art: Photos:Dale KilbournDoyle L. Green

Joseph Fielding Smith 582 590592 Art:Art: EdPhyllisMaryonLuch

595, 597, 635 Photos: Max Tharpe

The Church Moves On, 572; Melchizedek Priesthood, 614; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 616. 598615 Photos:Art: PeterLorrinby MichelangeloWiggins

616 Art: Dale Kilboum

Photo: Fabian Bachrach

618619-620 Art: Virginia Sargent

Special Features 625, Mel629, Owen630, 63435, 638 Art:

626 Shakespeare Photos: George Barrus

"The Privilege to Work Is a Gift"Doyle L. Green 584 All other art and photos, Ralph Reynolds

"What Do You Know about the Mormons?"Terence L. Day 590 Studio

Righteousness (Reprint from Times and Seasons, 1843) 592

Parents, Let's Do Something about Delinquency, Mrs. C. Elliott Berlin 594

Are You Feeding His Sheep? Ernest Eberhard, Jr 598

Genealogy, A Family Project 600

Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk, MIA Theme 602

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 603, 604, 606, 612

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 569; These Times: What Freedoms?

G. Homer Durham, 576; Letters and Reports, 578.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

In a Hammock on a Summer Day. 618

THE ERA OF YOUTH 625

The Last Word: 640

Stories, Poetry How Far? Millie Cheesman 596

Poetry 623

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah the cover

Editor; Editor; Associate C. Josefhson, Managing Editors; L. Albert Marba Managing Zobell, L. Evans, Green, Richard and O. is Doyle David McKay scene Industries Deseret The

Editorial Larsen, Associates; Editor; Stepiian, Florence Arlene Today's Blake, Pinnock, Editor; H. Family Reed Research MarJr,, Judith Carter in Salt City where Lake Mclnelly, Golda

Editor; Direction: Art Associate Editor; Studio. ReynoldsB. E.YouthGrant,L. Era Hanks, Era Youth Elaine ion Cannon, Ralph The D. of of The of the factory, rug foreman and John

S. Editors. B. Sperry, Contributing Sidney E. A. Gardiner, Tanner, G. Franklin Harris, Nibley, Durham, Huch Alma Nathan Homer Dotson, mechanic, the watch making Subscription Associate Snarr, Manager; Business F. Scott, Jr.,Florence S. Jacobsen, General Smith, General Manager; Manager; Carlos G. Verl Jr., A. Glen

is of a Lorrin warp. Wiggins the Director. Director; Advertising Evans, Thayer

photographer. For the heartwarming

story All rights Saints. Christ Inc., of of Latterday of of Deseret published 1963 Funds, Copyright see Jesus Associations by and Mutual Mutual Church The Improvement by the

special reserved. price issues. year, for S3.00 in a in Subscription except single subscriptions, foreign copy, advance; advance; 35c S3.50 a year, Privilege to Gift"Is a "The Industries,Work

1103. Salt for in section Office, rate the Post of postage City, provided Entered special at matter. as secondclass mailing for Utah Lake Acceptance Act beginning 584. on page

of 2, 1918. 1917, authorized Octoberat July

Improvement The Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Cover Lithographed in full color

by Deseret News Press

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKS TO BUILD

Reading to Supplement the BYU Education Week Program "Family Togetherness—

The Challenge of Our Times."

1. FAMILY LEADERSHIPINSPIRED COUNSEL FOR PARENTS

compiled by V. Dallas Merrell

A volume full of wise and inspired counsel from LDS Church leaders both past and present. Mr. Merrell has compiled a

book that is sure to strengthen family ties and help prepare families for eternity. The author is chairman of Brigham

Young University "Education Week"programs and is presently studying for a Ph.D. degree in group dynamics and leadership.

$2.95 2. BUILDING A HOME TO LAST FOREVER

by Carolyn Eyring Miner A charming and organized mother of eight children, who has found time to earn a master's degree, provides a guide for building eternal family solidarity. Mrs. Miner is also a member of the YWMIA General Board and presently teaches

creative writing at Highland High School in Salt Lake City.

3. THE ART OF HOMEMAKINGby Daryl V. Hoole

Now in its third edition! Here is a volume that has turned

hundreds of harrassed housewives into hundreds of happy homemakers with a wider vision of their noble calling. Mrs.

Hoole, the mother of four small children, teaches classes on homemaking for the BYU Adult Education Center and shows that joy arises from living in an efficientlyrun, lovefilled home.

52.9*

4. FAMILY NIGHT FUNby Monroe and Shirley Paxman

New vistas for family activity for both young and old is opened parties, this absorbing Monthby-month volume. by reading

special suggestions, scores of valuable trips, andfauA/Mytei SO YOU rsholiday

WANTTOeSr. gestions and family night outlines make this a book that shouldsugbe in every family library.

Skousen - 5. PARTY PATTERNS PTIE A BOY? $2.95 third edition of a funfilled book that outlines complete The

party plans for both adults and teens. Invitations, games,

menus, decorations, stunts, and skits are all included in a yearround party program. The authors, winners of the Family

of the Year award for 1960, are a husbandand-wife team par excellence. Mr. Paxman is a judge and Mrs. Paxman a registered nurse who also serves on the Board of Education in

Provo, Utah.

$2.95 6. SO YOU WANT TO RAISE A BOYby W. Clean Skousen

A book that has captured nationwide attention because of its sound, common sense approach to raising nondelinquent boys who are happy and welladjusted. From birth to the age

twentyone, Mr. Skousen draws a delightful and humorous

outline of behavioral patterns among young men. The author

is a former FBI man, editorial director of a prominent national police magazine, and senior staff consultant of the American

Security Council.

$4.50

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

I would like to receive book(s) number for which

I enclose (check, cash, money order) the full cost $! Oe$eretCOMPANY Book

AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND COTTONWOOD MALL Nair.., CITY SALT LAKE

2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Address,

City.... Zone State

Residents of Utah add 3% sales tax.

Or from your local LDS Book Dealer

A TOTAL ELECTRIC

The Church Moves On

APRIL 1963

Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner of the Council of the Twelve addressed the nationwide radio audience of the Columbia

Broadcasting System's Church of the Air. His subject was "Keep

A wonderful new FaithThisWithwasYourthe concludingFamily."day of the annual general conference.

way to live The Deseret Sunday School Union held its semiannual conference this evening in the Tabernacle.

The appointment of Elder Harold Lundstrom to the general music committee of the Church was announced. UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your deafer C!l The First Presidency announced that the Atlanta Region of

the church welfare program had been organized. It is comprised of South Carolina, South Carolina West, Atlanta, and Macon

stakes; the last two are in Georgia.

Elder Lewis R. Livingston sustained as president of Craig

(Colorado) Stake, succeeding President Loyal B. Cook whoFILMS lost his life in an airplane accident. President Livingston's counselors are Elders Scott Cook and Blaine L. Nyberg. President

AND PRINTED per roil LivingstonElmer O. Bair,was servingwho hadas beenPresidentservingCook'sas secondfirst counselor;counselor,Elderwas

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B 4 W Roll today sustained as a patriarch.

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

British as president Mission, of the Central Dunyon Joy F. COLOR FILM The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder President A. Cullimore, to is expected succeeding who James DEVELOPING to his home and business in Oklahoma City. President Dunyonreturn

has served a mission in the North Central States Mission. He has KODACOLOR

8-Exposure Roll per been a seminary supervisor and has served as a member of the

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll general board of the YMMIA. At this appointment he is serving

Dev.1 2-Exposureand PrintingRoll $3.00 perroll as a counselor in the East Mill Creek (Salt Lake area) Stake presiColor Reprints 20< each dency. His wife, Eileen Robinson Dunyon, a member of the

COLOR SLIDES generalDennis, willpresidencyaccompanyof thehim Primaryto the missionAssociation,field. Theyand theirhave son,two

Slid es Color per 135 mm other children, a married daughter and a son serving a mission roll exp., 20 Dev. and Mount $1.35

in Texas. Slid es per Color 135 mm

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Phil

Color Movie as president Scottish of Mission, per D. Jensen succeeding the North

25'Roll $1.35 roll 8 mm, President William will return to his Noble Waite who home in

is of illness. Utah, Provo, because President servcurrently Jensen PHOTOSGENEALOGY as president Stake of Alpine Fork, Utah. at American was He of OLD ing NEGATIVES MADE

to called Mission the Danish in 1938, until missionserved where he each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS,

of NEGATIVE, 4c each aries were recalled as World War II began, completing his labors is currently the as serving Western States. of the chairman He coin only - no C.O.D.'s in Send region. wife, Welfare Timpanogos His Mt. Mrs. Ruth Hazen Guarantee MoneyBack

Jensen and their seven children will accompany him to Scotland.

LABUtahSAMSP. O. Box 11 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Architects: Lorenzo S. Young and Arnold Ehlers/General Contractors: Paul Paulsen and Alfred Brown Co./Masonry Contractors: Child Construction and H. L. Ashton Sons Co

|WW

Another fine school

built with face brick

Salt Lake City's School Board insists on greatest brick that lays and looks the way it should. And

total value in building materials. Its wisdom is interpace offers the greatest range of shapes, sizes,

reflected in the Highland High School pictured. For colors, and textures, always competitively priced.

both exterior and interior walls, standard 8"Clinton

Rose face brick was supplied by Utah Fire Clay Co.

(now interpace). Over one million bricks were used. FACE BRICK

The traditional wall material for fine schools, face A Gladding, McBean building product by beauty. Lastingbrick pays many dividends. MiniJblTERPACE maintenance. Winter and summer warmth Eh INTERNATIONAL PIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATIONmum

coolness. Comfortable classrooms in which better SEATTLE/SPOKANE/SALTLOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO/LAKE CITY/PHOENIXPORTLAND

work is done, interpace precision pressing assures

JULY 1963 873 Suddenly travelers to Europe are rediscovering the rewards of TheRoachappointmentas librarianofofDelbertthe Gene-E.

sea travel on giant Cunard Queens alogicalannounced.SocietyHe ofsucceedsthe ChurchArchibaldwas

F. Bennett who has been named supervisor of education for the society.

Elder Roach comes to his new post from the Brigham Young University faculty. Dr. Lyman Tyler, librarian

at BYU, and Ralph D. Thomson,

acting librarian at the University of

Utah, have been named to the softjTi"8 "ciety'sThe committeelibrary advisorynow consistscommittee.of

George Fudge and Elders Roach,

Tyler, and Thomson.

t09'.&m.,m&. K Jg South Box Elder Stake was orparts of ganized from Box Elder "is,,,; *. jj. j; i mv35, 51 m * *.,; ** > *K Stake with SI a: (Utah) Elder LeGrande

S3illl|||| |K| Tea, who has been serving as second ""f-*! counselor in the Box Elder Stake,

sustained as president of the new *# stake. His counselors are Elders Kenneth A. Glauser and Martella T. Nel-

R.M. S. Queen Elizabeth: 83,673 tons... world's largest liner son. Elder Wynn N. Jeppsen was

sustained as second counselor to 5 days of peace and space aplenty... and incomparable President O. Dee Lund of Box Elder

British service—on the world's largest superliners. Stake succeeding President Tea. The

first counselor is Elder J. Charles

On the world's largest superThe Queen Elizabeth and QueentheKeller.directionThe conferenceof Elder wasEzra underTaft

liners, Queen Elizabeth and Mary offer regular weekly express sailBenson of the Council of the Twelve

Queen Mary, you can stroll and play ings to France and England. and Elder Sterling W. Sill, Assistant

on three full acres of deck space. There From Canada you can sail at low to the Twelve. The original Box Elare thirtyfive huge public rooms. rates on the great Cunarders Carinihia, der Stake was organized August 19',

1877, the last of ten new stakes orYou'll enjoy the gracious, deft servCarmania and Franconia, from Montganized that year. President Brigham

ice of efficient British stewards and real and Quebec to Irish, English, Young died ten days later, August stewardesses; you'll delight in Cunard's French or Dutch ports. 29, 1877. South Box Elder Stake is

truly international choice of dishes at A cruise for every taste—and every the 375th now functioning in the

every meal. purse! Cunard has a complete cruise Church.

The Queens'smooth fiveday exprogram throughout the year. To the MAY 1963

press crossings to Cherbourg and West Indies: 5 days to 18 days; to the

Southampton give you time to relax in Mediterranean: 25 days to 56 days; to The annual allChurch volleyball in tournament today ended six weeks; around the Cape: North to the to meet and talkspacious comfort—City. the senior Li division Salt Lake

days.: 95 world contheinteresting human people—first, 9th placed followed by BYU

tacts that are always part of travel on a For all details, see your travel agent Naples, Bakersfield 4th, Polynesian, giant Cunarder. or use the coupon below. and Garden Heights (consolation).

Bakersfield 4th was given the Sportsmanship award. In the junior diviPlease send me details including 4-color brochures on: sion it was Valley View 8th, Santa

Blackfoot 2nd, Polynesian, in sailing Ana, travel to Europe. 1. Cunard am interested (consolation). Orem 14th Here the

,, Tourist First Cabin Class sportsmanship award was given to 2. Cunard Cruises: Brigham City 7th.

to the West Indies., to the Mediterranean

to the North Cape, around the world Elder Clifford U. Gee was susName- tained as president of Park

(Salt Lake City) Stake succeeding

AddressPresident George B. Glade, deceased.

Counselors to President Gee are City.Zone. -State.

Elders Thomas Keith Stevens and

The name of my travel agent is- (Continued on page 622)

Mail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

S74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA if lime

OBEDIENCE. > '

KBTTO VBfflOH |

TTWALKING IN OBEDIENCE 7. IHL BUUK Uh MUKMUN, KbY 10 3. A NA IIUN ASLLLH

By Lucille Landers CONVERSION - By Glenn L Pearson By Ezra Taft Benson

Proper nutrition through proper diet is ex- A faculty member of BYU explains a method Here are three great speeches delivered by plained in downto-earth language as a guide which enables the missionary to meet every tider benson, presented now in printed to better health. A book on proper nutrition objection to the gospel without an extenform to fill the hundreds of requests from

with the across nation. These addresses deal sive scriptural background. $1.50 "as viewed in keeping the Word of Wisdom.

JTfltr the controversy. Cuban $Z2T

4. TALKS THAT TEAGH- 5. COWLEY. \ JEPHSMUHBy Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis Compiled by Forace Green By E. Cecil McGavin

Anyone who lectures or teaches will find Now available in one beautiful volume the Here are fascinating facts from private sources, reat merit i n th i s compilation of 72 or ig i- great too ch i n go of Motth ioo f. Co wl ey ond l ong out of pr i nt books, ond unpubl i ohod

nal stories. A companion to the author's Orson F. Whitney. Long out of print, these correspondence. For example, letters from

best selling "2% Minute Talk Treasury."muchsought-after truths will bring inspiraJoseph to Emma are included. $3.25

$2.00 tion to the roador. H8QHAMBOKfl?

genealogical jWOBMONA

HANDBOOK FOR GENEALOGICAL CORTHE MORMON STORY

RESPONDENCEBy Rulon S. Howells

By Cache Genealogical Library Proving to be a really great missionary tool

Most problems encountered by researchers throughout the missions of the Church, this in trying to obtain information by letter, are exciting pictorial account of Mormonism can discussed and solutions revealed in this help you successfully contact investigators.

downto-earth text. Answers a real need. 8. Engl ish Editi on $3.95

$3.25 9. Spanish Edition $3.95

Bookcraft 7-63 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money order for $ 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Name Address

City.Zone..State.

What EW!

FREE OFFER Freedoms?

3 Big Sheets THESE TIMES GIFT WRAP PAPER By Dr. G. Homer Durham

with 10 coupons from President, Arizona State University, Tempe

KITCHEN CHARM NAPKINS See details on every package!

v At stores everywhere!

Your best buy!

What are the freedoms, the loss of good when instituted for this purwhich would prove so disastrous, pose; and (3) that the just (i.e., the

tone theimportant?preservation of which is so necessarygovernmentandmustacceptable)be derivedpowersfromof

the of in this consent generation the governed.

are rarely the in the aboutWe hearthesemuchquestions but most important What finest does any speaker pause to identify rights or "freedoms"connected to just what freedoms are involved, Life? To Liberty? To the Pursuit

tradition what they are, and why they are of Happiness? Space does not perimportant. mit a full exploration. What follows

We may begin with the Declarais an extremely limited statement tion of Independence and the phrase: for illustration.

"We hold these truths to be selfLiberty and the pursuit of hapevident, that all men are created piness are impossible in this world equal, that they are endowed by without life. How can the "right to

their Creator with certain unalienlife"be protected, once you are able rights, that among these are born? The most important conLife, Liberty, and the Pursuit of sideration is to have the blessing

Happiness. That to secure these of good parents who will nurture

rights, governments are instituted life through infancy towards greater among men, deriving their just independence. To secure this right,

powers from the consent of the government requires the licensing

Worshipful, inspiring tone in governed."of marriages, the premarital examthe tradition, of the world's Before going further with "what ination of applicants in some states,

great organs for every requirerights?"let us note three basic and the registry of births, so that your

ment.. in every price range. connected considerations: (1) We existence becomes a matter of pubVisit our studio for a tonal assume certain rights are unalienlic record; and, in some cases, even

the demonstration Allen of able as in assistance supplies welfare to nurture an endowment men from that sounds... "the organ their fail Creator; if your parents major (2) that a puryou and family

like an organ"pose of government is to secure to provide. For the right to life

these rights, and that government is we probably depend more on pride,

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC not a necessary evil but a positive selfrespect, and man's detemiina3719 South State

Salt Lake City, Utah

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

You're the TOP!

tion to maintain his own family on an independent basis than any other things. These in turn depend on

man's belief in his own offspring as

God's children, to whom he is responsible for his actions. Remove

the religious conception of life, and the right to life—this "freedom"—

loses its best intellectual and purposeful base. If you value your life,

therefore, it will be wise for you to cultivate and refine your sense of religious obligation. Hence, healthy

churches, sponsoring responsible views of human life as precious, are indispensable, as are schools, to help us cultivate our talents and abilities towards being successful breadwinners, homemakers, and providers.

The State and its government are also indispensable. The best illustration is the availability to each of INSURED

us of the writ of habeas corpus,guaranteed by our American national SAYINGS and state governments. The writ

is available to any inhabitant upon request to any court of record. Thus,

each may "have his body"and use his faculties to "pursue happiness"and enjoy liberty, so long as the law

...is obeyed. Among the most imporYou're at the very TOP when you save at Deseret Federal

tant provisions of the Constitution where over 13,000 thrifty savers get TOP earnings, currently of the United States, one is found in 4V2%. TOP safety, each account is insured to $10,000 by a

Section 9 of Article I, which proUnited States Government agency. TOPS in convenience with

vides: two offices, Salt Lake and Provo. Fiftyseven years of dependable

"The privilege of the writ of service has earned Deseret Federal the enviable reputation as habeas corpus shall not beDe susone of America's safest and finest places to save Open pended, unless when in cases of or transfer your savings to DFS where you receive TOP profits!

rebellion or invasion the public Accounts opened before January 20, earn from January 1st.

safety may require it."

All the rights of freedom of in Assets Reserves Now Over $1,800,000speech, worship, assembly, press, Now $25,000,000 ownership and control of property, depend on the availability of habeas corpus. Without "the body,"the

pursuit of liberty and happinessbecomes extremely limited. The Deseret Federal

Supreme Court of the United States ( Continued on page 624 SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION 44 SOUTH MAIN, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 95 NORTH UNIVERSITY AVE., PROVO

JULY 1963 877 P.L.C. landscape co.

designing, remodeling and complete landscaping service by professional landscape architects Letters and Reports

OUTSTANDING RECORD INSPIRES MANY

Joseph Dee Brench- I want to thank you for the many hours ley, Ogden 54th of honest effort that go into each of your

Ward, Ben Lomond issues. As a missionary I have found that

South (Utah) Stake, in studying the teachings of the Lord has earned his Duty through his modernday leaders one almost to God award, sevinevitably ends up in the pages of the Era.

en individual awards, I know the magazine has inspired many and maintained a for many years, but I have discovered it moos & grassli landscape architects 100 percent attendonly since I have been on my mission. It

since being ordained a deacon in for meetings I find that I am too busy to it. Now; | %M it. be without of 1956. February f ance to his priesthood and Sacrament seems before my mission I was "too busy"

provo 3738323 Sincerely, ogden 3992931 Elder Edwin Beus salt lake city 4664746 Gulf States Mission

i RAIN BIRD for [VERY sprinkling need TEACHERS

Pictured are eighteen members of the

Downey Fourth Ward, South Los Angeles ( Calif. ) Stake who were recently awarded

individual awards for the past year. Quorum membership is twenty.

Whatever your sprinkling requirements—large

area, small area, along NEST OF EAGLES walks, under City, family of Temple The Bob Turner a hillsides on—trees,there's

in scoutCalifornia, has set a high standard, Bird Rain model to do the job efficiently without ing. Father and sons are all Eagle Scouts.

water waste. There are Picture at left shows family in 1958 when

Rain Bird Sprinklers which youngest member first became a Cub Scout can be adjusted for any and members included a Cub, Den Mother, part of circle, or full Boy Scout, Explorer, and Explorer Adviser.

circle, and distance of Picture at right is family five years to the water throw. All give day later when all were Eagle Scouts.

slow, uniform coverage The mother, Nel, has served as a Den with maximum FIRST IN PEARL HARBOR STAKE Mother and Den Mother chairman, and is watering benefits. currently president of the Mother's AuxThe first to receive the Duty to God award iliary of Boy Scout Troop and Explorer

high The same served Bob, Sr., has 163. The father, are William in the Pearl Harbor Stake W. Post

quality and Adviser, Post Scoutmaster, his older as a Cubmaster, left) (pictured Jacobsen and advancement, which has brother Thomas D. Both are priests, Excommittee chairman, and advancement

distinguished Bird Rain throughout the plorers,mission. andWilliamhaveis plansa juniorfor at a Radfordfuture ofcouncilor,Merit. and has been awarded an Order years, is world for 26

inherent in every Rain Bird High School; Thomas is attending the Turners are (1-r) Bob, Jr., 21; John, 14;

sprinkler you buy today. Church College of Hawaii. Presenting Mrs. Turner; Ross, 16; and Bob, Sr. They

the award was Karl J. Chlarson (pictured are members of the Las Flores Ward,

Literature gladly sent free on request. center), stake YMMIA superintendent. Pasadena Stake.

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

627 N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, California

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA like We being different

The officers, directors, and employees of Downey

Savings & Loan Association are dedicated to uphold the principles of our historic free enterprise system. Recognizing this responsibility, we conduct our business on sound, basic principles which

include:

1 The encouraging of family thrift and reliance

2 Providing qualified and deserving families with economical home financing.

Home ownership being an essential and vital part of our free enterprise system 3 To reward you—the thrifty—with a

realistic interest rate for your savings account with insured safety.

Safety is our business.

Our assets are measured in millions.

To open your account, send large or small check, or request additional information direct to:

DOWNEY

SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION Downey Savings and Loan Association, Attention: Mr. Gerald H. McQuarrie, LDS Dept., 8630 East Florence, Downey, Califo

JULY 1963 The fundamental basis for Home

THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY Synopsis of Remarks by President

David 0. McKay at a meeting for

Home Teaching Representatives, held in the Church Administration

Building, Wednesday, May 15, 1963.

Brethren and Sisters, I take great pleasure in meeting with you on this historic occasion—the first meeting of

this kind ever held in the Church.

I feel impressed this morning to say just a few words on the authority of the priesthood. When visiting the

missions of the Church in 1921 with

President Hugh J. Cannon [of Liberty

Stake], a fellow passenger and his wife, strangers to us, introduced themselves to us soon after we left the harbor. As we conversed, the woman,

somewhat apologetically, said: "May I

ask you a question?"I replied, "Certainly, and I will answer it before you

ask it; I have only one wife."With

curiosity, she queried, "If plural marriage isn't the purpose of your religion, what is?""We are Christians,"I replied. She answered, "So are we."

And then she asked the important question: "What are the distinguishing

features of your church? What is the

difference between your church and my church?""There are several,"I

responded, "divine authority by direct revelation being a principal one."

I should like to say something about that—not divine authority as that would

not be a distinctive feature. The

Roman Catholics claim divine authority by direct line from Saint Peter who they unwisely assert was Bishop of Rome. The Orthodox Greek Catholic Church claims divine authority

from five apostles who survived Peter.

They claim authority and so do the

Coptics in Northern Africa. Thus, the

Romans, Greeks, Coptics, and others claim divine authority, but there is

seo THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Teaching

only one church that has divine authorWe are speaking to a group of men ity by direct revelation. today whose duties will be to help

He was right who said several hunthose who visit to perfect the Saints, dred years ago, a's he resigned the who will go about teaching "for the position as head of the first Baptist perfecting of the saints, for the work

Church in America, "There is no reguof the ministry, for the edifying of the larly constituted church on earth nor body of Christ."

any person authorized to administer In the Melchizedek Priesthood quochurch ordinances, nor can there be rums, we have, as I have named, high until new Apostles are sent by the priests in the quorum; seventies speGreat Head of the Church for whose cially called; and elders who are under

coming I am waiting."1 the direction of the presidency of the

In 1820 divine messengers did come. stake.

God himself and his Beloved Son apWe have the quorum, as I have peared to the Prophet Joseph Smith, named, as a distinct organization in and the boy Prophet heard the divine the Church—separate from the ecclesivoice saying, "This is My Beloved Son. astical part of the Church; in the ecHear Him."Subsequently, divine mesclesiastical phase there are stakes and

sengers restored the priesthood. John missions—the two great divisions of the

the Baptist, who had been taught from Church. In the stakes we have the

birth, and also was recognized by the president of the stake, two counselors,

Savior himself, restored the Aaronic and several bishops of wards.

Priesthood. Peter, James, and John, The High Priesthood consists of aposwhose authority no Christian can tles, high priests, seventies, elders, who

question, came and restored the Melare directly under the First Presidency chizedek Priesthood to the Prophet of the Church. The seventies have a

Joseph Smith. special presidency appointed by revelaIn the Aaronic Priesthood we have tion. The elders are directly under

priests, teachers, and deacons, under the direction of the ecclesiastical head the presidency of the Aaronic Priestknown as the stake presidency. The

hood held by the Presiding Bishop. Aaronic Priesthood is under the direcThe Melchizedek Priesthood is pretion of the bishopric who holds the

sided over by three high priests, presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood, a president, and two counselors. There and the bishop, by ordination, holds

are also high priests, seventies, and the office of president of the priests'elders, in keeping with the statement quorum, the presidency of which goes of Paul of old—with the ordination of a bishop. The

"And he gave some, apostles; and teachers and also the deacons are unsome, prophets; and some, evangelists; der the bishopric of the ward.

and some, pastors and teachers; Thus, there are two sources of au-

"For the perfecting of the saints, thority—one from the quorum, and the

for the work of the ministry, for the other from the ecclesiastical division.

edifying of the body of Christ: Each quorum is presided over by

"Till we all come in the unity of the three men officially appointed and orfaith, and of the knowledge of the dained. The president of the high

Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto priests from now on will be the the measure of the stature of the fulpresident of each stake. It is fitting

ness of Christ": (Eph. 4:1113.) that the president of this quorum

aRoger Williams. (Continued on page 614)

JULY 1963 581 "WHERE DID ALMA GET HIS AUTHORITY?"

QUESTION: wonder if it was before he was baphis authority: All we can find is that tized. We are confused about the

he received it from God, but there whole matter and would appreciate is no detail, and we are left to any information you can give us."YOUR

answer: We should take into before the days of King Noah. We

consideration in the study of the read that Zeniff, the father ofBook of Mormon the fact that it is QUESNoah, was a righteous man. Alma

an abridgment taken from the evidently received the priesthood records or history that had been in the days of Zeniff, and at nokept by the prophets among the TION time did he fully accept the teachNephites. Therefore, many of the ings nor with full purpose follow

details are lacking. This is equally the counsels and procedure of

It priests. his wicked and as it of Israel history of thetrue

deeply touched was ANSWERED BY wasNoahAlma who the years throughhas come down to us in the Bible. We are left to at the scathing denunciation of theaccept the fact that Lehi, when JOSEPH Prophet Abinadi. Moreover it was

he left Jerusalem, held divine auAlma who recorded them, for he FIELDING thority and that this divine power believed thoroughly in what Abinwas handed down from generaadi had declared, and he turnedtion to generation until the time of SMITH from whatever transgression hethe visitation of the Savior. MorePRESIDENT OF had committed and set forth with

over, while the detail is lacking, THE COUNCIL a repentant spirit to gather together all those who were willing to acthe evidence is very clear that the OF THE TWELVE

Melchizedek Priesthood was poscept the teachings of the martyred sessed by the Nephites. There prophet. In order to save their

were none of the tribe of Levi among them, therelives, Alma and those who followed him were forced fore it was by virtue of the Melchizedek Priesthood to flee into the wilderness. In relation to this, Elder

that they officiated. There are many passages in the George Reynolds in his valuable work, Commentary

Book of Mormon in which reference is given to the on the Book of Mormon, Vol. II, has written:

Holy Priesthood which they held, not the Aaronic "Alma wrote down all the words he had heard the

Priesthood. We should also remember that the recprophet speak. When Abinadi was condemned to

ord that we have received is, an abridgment, and death, Alma became his defender, and, thereafter therefore many of the details are of necessity missing. championed his cause. He went to King Noah and

Moreover, we are informed that many important plead for Abinadi's life, that it be spared. We may

things have been withheld from us because of the assume that Alma, from this time forth, kept, or hardness of our hearts and our unwillingness, as memcaused to be kept, the records of the Nephites in the bers of the Church, to abide in the covenants or seek Land of LehiNephi; also that he, in like manner,

for divine knowledge. kept the record of the people of the Lord, who

In the case of Alma and his priesthood, we are left were driven into the wilderness by the people of to surmise that he legally and divinely received it King Noah."

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Just at what time Alma received the priesthood is not clearly stated, but we may presume that it occurred before Noah came to the throne. Moreover,

we must also conclude that Alma at no time truly entered into the wickedness of this wicked king. To

Alma the plea made by the martyred Abinadi pierced his heart, and, believing, he wrote down the words of the martyred prophet and went forth among the people gathering all who were willing to believe.

Because of the edict of the king, Alma and his followers were forced to flee to a private and remote spot which they named the "Waters of Mormon."

In this secluded place Alma baptized all who truly repented of their sins. The first person

baptized was a man named Helam. As Alma

baptized Helam he also immersed himself, no doubt feeling the need of repentance, for the spirit of humility was upon him. As he baptized

Helam he said:

",.. Helam, I baptize thee, having authority from

the Almighty God, as a testimony that ye have entered into a covenant to serve him until you are dead as to the mortal body; and may the Spirit of the Lord

be poured out upon you; and may he grant unto you

eternal life, through the redemption of Christ, whom he has prepared from the foundation of the world.

"And after Alma had said these words, both Alma and Helam were buried in the water; and they arose

and came forth out of the water rejoicing, being filled with the Spirit."(Mosiah 18:1314.)

The question is: Where did Alma get his authority?

Evidently he obtained it when he received the priesthood, which through his repentance he had not lost.

There can be no serious question in relation to his authority, for it is written:

"And it came to pass that Ajma; having authority from God, ordained priests; even one priest

to every fifty of their number did he ordain to preach unto them, and to teach them, concerning the things pertaining to the kingdom of God."

(Ibid., 18:18.)

4 i * '?

JULY 1963 583 iiThe privilege to work is a gift"

and the Deseret Industries program of the

Church provides this blessing...

BY DOYLE L. GREEN. MANAGING EDITOR

When Ellen's husband passed away, leaving her a his legs and left them seriously impaired. It also

widow at 75, it appeared as though she, too, had shattered his morale. Life lost its purpose and its

come to the end of the road. She was just a wisp of meaning. What good was a middleaged cripple?

womanhood. Weighing but 87 pounds, she was bent Following a siege of scarlet fever when she was

and frail. But thanks to old age assistance programs just a baby, Bonny had suffered a stroke which deand loving children, people thought, at least she prived her of the Use of her right arm and most of

would be taken care of while she pined away her the use of her right leg. She seemingly had no

remaining days. chance for anything that resembled a normal existHowever, Ellen was not ready to die yet or even ence. Run and play she could not; or go to school

to accept charity. She believed in the gospel of like other children. Was life to be always empty

work. She felt she had good, useful years left. She and meaningless?

desired to be productive. She wanted to make her Kenneth was in his late twenties when polio struck

own way. But where could a 75year-old woman him down. Although his life was spared, this

find employment? crippling disease robbed him of most of the usefulness

Jim had been a contractor. Strong and vigorous of both of his arms and his legs. Employment seemed

of body, he enjoyed the challenges of building and out of the question. How dreary, depressing, and

rigorous activities. But a cruel accident shattered devoid of hope seemed the long years ahead.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ellen, Jim, Bonny, and Kenneth are real people. man. He fixes waffle irons, toasters, lamps, flat irons,

Their stories are true, and are but typical of literally radios, and Vacuum cleaners. Daily he comes to the

hundreds of others that could be repeated, and like repair shop where his skilful hands keep busy restoring so many others, the sequels to their stories might have the usefulness of products. He seems cheerful

been tragic. Might have been—except for a program and happy.

known as the Deseret Industries, established by the Bonny, now a grown woman, has learned to operChurch twentyfive years ago to help just such people ate a steam press, specializing in pressing skirts. So

as these. efficient has she become that she does almost as

What has the Deseret Industries done for Ellen, much work with her one good arm and hand as

Jim, Bonny, and Kenneth? others do with two. She has friends among the

Ellen is now 80. During the past five years she has employees, feels useful and wanted, has developed

been going to work regularly and has developed pro- a sweet personality and is sincerely grateful for ficiency at operating a hand loom. Proudly she shows her work.

the fine rugs that she weaves. Her health is good. When Kenneth first reported for work, the manager

She is alert and optimistic. She hopes to continue could think of only one job he might be able to do.

working for many years to come. Would he like to try to operate the telephone

Jim has become an expert small appliance repair switchboard?

JULY 1963 585

It was a happy suggestion, and Kenneth faced his the ground,..."the Lord said of old. (Gen. 3:19.)

new challenge with enthusiasm. In time he learned Brigham Young declared: "My experience has

to manipulate the cords well. With his sweet spirit taught me, and it has become a principle with me,

and fine voice he developed a most pleasing telethat it is never any benefit to give, out and out, to phone personality. Soon people were asking, "Who is any man, or woman, money, food, clothing, or anythat fine young man who answers the phone?"Subthing else, if they are ablebodied, and can work and

sequently he was offered, and accepted, a similar earn what they need, when there is anything on earth position in private industry. for them to do. To pursue a contrary course would

The value of work has long been recognized ruin any community in the world and make them by the Church as essential to the progress, digidlers."( Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 274.

nity, and wellbeing of man. "In the sweat of "Let us realize,"President David O. McKay said

thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto many years ago, "that the privilege to work is a gift, that power to work is a blessing, that love of work is success."(Pathways to Happiness, p. 381.)

Realizing that these truths applied to the handicapped as well as to the completely sound of body and mind, the First Presidency of the Church in

August 1938 announced the establishment of the

Deseret Industries program. It was designed specifically to aid those members of the Church who,

because of a disability brought about by accident or disease, mental, or emotional disturbances, age or other causes, could not compete on the regular labor market. Not only was the program to provide employment, but it was also to provide training and

rehabilitation of the workers, helping them achieve the highest intellectual, physical, vocational, social, and spiritual usefulness of which they were capable.

The Deseret Industries was to be primarily a salvage and reclaiming operation which would gather, repair, reprocess, and sell all manner of clothing and household items, which may have considerable value to the program but limited value to the individual the Church in buildings and equipment, the program who donated them. It started modestly in Salt Lake is selfsustaining.

City with a handful of workers and an appropriation The success of the Deseret Industries is dependent of fifteen hundred dollars with which was purupon the close cooperation of bishops and the memchased a truck and some office equipment. During bership of the Church in general. In reality it is a

the first two years, an average of fiftyfive persons bishops'program, as the workers, around whom it is was employed. centered, are recommended from wards by the

So successful did the program prove that it grew bishops, and the items which are processed are made rapidly until today there are plants and stores, not available to the bishops for distribution among the only in Salt Lake City, but also in Los Angeles and needy as part of the Church welfare program.

Colton, California; and in Ogden, Logan, and Provo, Prospective workers are Church members in need

Utah. A new plant and store is opening this summer of financial help or rehabilitation who are able and

in Mesa, Arizona. Consideration is being given to willing to work and can be certified as handicapped

establishing operations in other populous areas of by a physician. They also must be able to provide or

the Church. arrange for transportation to and from work.

More than 550 handicapped persons, working under Also at work side by side with the handicapped in the supervision of about 80 "key workers,"are makthe plants are two classes of volunteer ablebodied ing all or part of their livelihood through the program. workers: (1) those who are temporarily unemployed;

Another fifty to seventyfive persons will be added to (2) those who are retired or are financially independent that number by the new Mesa project. Some of these and have time they can donate. Bishops are encourindividuals would probably otherwise be idle and on aged to refer all such individuals to Deseret Industries

Church welfare. so that they, too, may benefit from the blessings of

Over the past twentyfive years hundreds of others work, escape from the curse of idleness.

have been helped, some of whom have moved into A trip through one of the plants is a fascinating higher paying jobs in private industry, because of the experience. Here one will see many fine people like

skills and confidence acquired through their work. Ellen, Jim, Bonny, and Kenneth. There are the aged,

Since 1938, some twelve million dollars'worth of those who are nearly blind, men with but one arm goods have been processed; more than eleven million or one leg, some with emotional problems or mental

dollars'worth have been distributed, and most imhandicaps, and others who have limited use of portant of all, thousands of handicapped people have arms or legs.

been able to enjoy the great blessing of earning thenThese are all busily engaged in a great variety of own way. Except for capital investments made by activities—unloading trucks, sorting merchandise,

washing or dry cleaning clothes with the most modern the plants with a bishop's recommendation. She had

of equipment, mending, sewing, pressing, baling rags, left school when she was in the ninth grade and was repairing, rebuilding, and refinishing furniture and shy, timid, and backward. At a steam press where she

toys, weaving rugs, repairing appliances, and salvagwas put to work she had frequent dizzy and sick ing metal. Smiles can be seen; laughter can be spells. The doctor's examination showed she had

heard. One gets the feeling that the name "Deseret severe tonsilitis. Her bishop was informed, and ar-

(the Jaredite word for honeybee used in the Book of rangements were made to have the tonsils removed.

Mormon) Industries"is well chosen. Workers are In three weeks she was back at work "feeling fine."

paid in accordance with the'services they perform. Soon afterward she obtained a position at the hospital.

All workers are encouraged to seek and accept posiLater, when she returned to the plant for a visit, she tions in private industry. appeared to be a different girl—healthy, talkative, and

Workers buy much of their clothing and many outgoing. Expressing her thanks she said: "I owe it

other items from the stores, and also have the all to you people down here."

opportunity of obtaining groceries at the bishops'Each morning prior to the beginning of activities, a storehouses at attractive prices. They receive their brief religious service is held. Workers as well as

wages in cash. special guests take part. These meetings set a lovely

All of the plants give medical examinations at no stage for the day's work.

cost to the workers. These help reveal the capacities At some of the plants a fine cafeteria is provided

of the workers and in determining the type and where excellent, hot, noontime meals are available amount of work they may be expected to do. They at most reasonable prices. Undoubtedly, for many

also prove helpful in the rehabilitation process. of the workers, this is the most nutritious and satisfyOne 18year-old girl, for example, came to one of ing meal of the day.

Interior of the Deseret Industries store in Ogden, Utah which carries a displayed inventory of $35,000. There are

16,885 square feet of floor space in this building.

Bishops are urged to use the merchandise reclaimed lie are invited and encouraged to shop and take at Deseret Industries for those who need assistance advantage of the reprocessed merchandise available at in their wards in preference to using supplies from the the Deseret Industries stores. Most of us would be

bishops'storehouses or spending fast offering surprised at the great variety and the high quality of funds. Stories of how these supplies have been goods that are offered.

used are legion. One of the stores, for example, contains as much

One bishop learned that members of a certain famas 16,885 square feet of floor space and carries a disily of the ward were sleeping on the floor. Upon played inventory of up to $35,000. Fresh merchandise

investigating he found that although the family had is constantly being displayed.

been living in the house for some time, they had not In the clothing departments of the stores can be been able to buy adequate furniture. The following found a great variety of clothes, some nearly new and

day he had beds and other furniture delivered to the all in excellent condition. Following are typical

home from the Deseret Industries stock. prices: Skirts, 65c; blouses, 50c; jackets, 75c; girls'

In a town in California the home of a family of coats, 50c to $3.50; house dresses, 95c to $2.50; men's

five faithful church members burned to the ground, sport shirts, 50c to 95c. Other items are comdestroying all they owned except the clothes they parably priced.

were wearing. The branch president helped them One bishop was heard to say to another, "I wish

find a house to rent and arranged through the Deseret I could afford to wear the kind of clothes you do.

Industries to replace their furnishings. Within twentySeems like you are always wearing a new suit."

four hours a van backed up to the door of the "You could,"was the reply, "if you purchased them house, and the workers unloaded a living room set, from the same place I do. I bought the suit I'm

rugs, tables, chairs, a kitchen stove, dishes, cooking wearing at Deseret Industries for $12.40."

utensils, a washing machine, a vacuum cleaner, beds, Many articles of furniture, appliances, books, dishes, pillows, dressers—nearly everything they needed to dolls, toys, etc., etc., are available. The author's

equip their new home, all furnished from the Deseret family has been pleased with ties, sport shirts,

Industries stock. It wasn't new, but probably equally sweaters, books, and other items we have purchased

as good as they had before, and tears of thankfulness for personal use.

and joy ran down the cheeks of the family members Many families buy most of their clothes from the as they witnessed this miracle. Deseret Industries stores. "I don't know how we

But that wasn't all. The family was taken to the would possibly clothe our children,"one father was

Deseret Industries store and outfitted with clothes, heard to say, "were it not for these bargains."- A

sufficient to take care of their needs while they got branch president with a (Continued on page 624) back on their feet.

In a Utah town a bishop observed that the suit of one of the Aaronic Priesthood boys was threadbare.

The family was keeping a son on a mission, and their money wouldn't quite go around. The situation

was relieved when the young man and other family members were furnished clothing from

Deseret Industries.

When the disastrous floods hit Yuba City, California in December 1955, and the Bannock region in

Idaho during the past two years, the Deseret Industries furnished numerous rugs, pillows, mattresses, and other household furnishings and equipment and much clothing to aid the needy families. Similar supplies

have been sent to other disaster areas over the years.

Members of the Church as well as the general pubWhen completed, this View of the attractive new Deseret Industries entrance to Deseret Inplant in Mesa, Arizona dustries building in will provide employment Colton, California. An

for 5075 handicapped additional store is located persons. in Los Angeles.

JULY 1963 WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THE MORMONS? w iin if-''#

i i.'? m i

1:;|f(|?|| Ijf 1| J,

u f< fi'4-.f

'Mi w* It /if f.,- 'j., s

(1 > 'i -;

. -,'f..'

'I imp-.vm

u

\ y It was probably raining when I first met Charles Malhe invited me to accompany him to the home of his colm Webb, Jr. In Japan, it is usually raining branch president, Frank Moscon, a married officer

in March. living off base with his family.

But rain or no rain, our meeting had a great imWe walked the few blocks to Frank's home topact on my life, and no one knows how many others. gether, and somehow Charles found more things to

One evening, late in March 1957, I was casually say about his Church.

walking from my barracks to the snack bar on Yokota Charles knocked on the door—it opened and I met

Air Base near Tokyo, Japan. the man who was to take me into the waters

I was deep in whatever thoughts occupy the mind of baptism.

of a lonely eighteenyear-old boy thousands of miles We went in, and Charles told Frank that I would from home when a voice jolted me to reality. like to know more about the Church. Before we

"Day, wait up a minute."returned to our barracks, a cottage meeting had been

Turning in midstep, surprised to hear my name set for the following evening.

called, I saw Charles trotting towards me in There was no end to Charles'enthusiasm. On our

the night. way back to our barracks, he invited me to attend

As he approached he asked, "Going to the snack church with him on the following Sunday.

bar?"I said that I was, and he asked if he could June 1, 1957 I was baptized by Frank at Camp

accompany me. Drake, a US Army camp a few miles from Yokota

"Sure, I'll buy you a cup of coffee,"I offered, wonAir Base. I would have been baptized two months

dering who he was. Everyone in the squadron knew earlier, but being a minor, I had to write home for

me—I was the squadron mail clerk—but I knew very my parents'permission to join the Church. After it

few of my fellow airmen, except by the mail came, I had to wait several weeks for the next they received. scheduled baptismal.

"No, thanks,"he said, "I don't drink coffee."When Charles and I left Japan we were both

"How about a cup of tea?"I tried. priests. I didn't hear much from him for a long

"I don't drink tea either,"he replied "I'm a Mortime. Then, I learned that he was serving in the

mon."He paused, then added, "What do you know West Central States Mission. The news hardly came

about the Mormons?"as a surprise to me. He anticipates being released

It was to be several years before the General Aufrom his mission this summer, and I am looking forthorities were to ask members of the Church to ask ward to meeting him again, for the first time since their friends the "Golden Questions,"but his question we left Japan.

was no less effective. A lot of wonderful things have happened to me

Charles and I had not walked a block together since I met Charles. In May 1962, I married a lovely

when he asked me, "What do you know about the LDS girl, Norma Ruth Thompson, in the Salt Lake

Mormons?"I had yet to learn the name of the young Temple, and a few weeks ago our first child was born—

boy I was talking with; but I took the bait, hook, line, the first in my family to be born under the covenant.

and fishing pole. Whenever I count my blessings, and "name them

By the time we arrived at the snack bar, I had found one by one,"I always start with the day I met Charles out with whom I was talking. Charles was a few Malcolm Webb, Jr.

months younger than I, a convert to The Church of Words cannot express my indebtedness to that

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and he held the young man; nor is there a means to measure the

office of a deacon. magnitude of the joy he brought to my life.

For nearly three hours he told me about the MorAnd who can say how many people will eventually mons and their beliefs. I didn't understand half of owe their membership in The Church of Jesus Christ

the things he told me, and probably listened only of Latterday Saints to a seventeenyear-old airman, a because he was so enthusiastic in talking about deacon in the Aaronic Priesthood, who asked a his religion. near total stranger, "What do you know about

Seeming to exhaust his knowledge of the gospel, the Mormons?"

JULY 1963 591 RIGHTEOUSNESS (REPRINTED FROM "TIMES AND SEASONS NAUVOO, ILL., FEB. 15, 1843}

"He that doeth righteousness,"is the solemn declarathey prayed, they gave alms, they paid tithes of all tion of an ancient servant of God, and if we examine they possessed, all of which of themselves, abstractly, the sacred oracles of divine truth, we shall find that were good, and they were not condemned for these although it is "not for works of righteousness which deeds, but for the turning of the temple of God into we have done; but by grace are we saved, through a den of thieves, for oppressing the widow, the orphan

faith, and that not of ourselves, it is the gift of God,"and the destitute, for rejecting the testimony of God, yet every man of God has performed works of rightand persecuting his servants; and for neglecting judgeousness; he has been moral, virtuous, upright, and ment, mercy,, and the love of God. Hence, they are

consistent in his deportment, and that he was saved called "white wall and painted sepulchres,"they made by works, as well as by faith. long prayers; but it was "for a pretence."They also

It is true that our Savior reprobates the selfright- disfigured, or made long faces, and appeared outeousness of the Jews; he condemns their practices, wardly fair to men; but like white walls and painted

and disapproves of their conduct, and some men laborsepulchres, they were fair on the outside, while ing under a mistake, think it was for their good "within they are nothing but rottenness and dead works that they stood reproved by the Savior of the men's bones."It was then for their corruptions, their

world; a greater error than which, could not be abominations, and their hypocrisy, that they stood

entertained by the human family. Our Savior recondemned, and not for their good works, or

proved the Pharisees, not for their righteousness, but their righteousness.

for their iniquity; not for their virtue, but for their Some have supposed that Paul did away with the

hypocrisy, deceit, and abomination. They fasted, necessity of good works, by telling us that it is "not

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA through works of righteousness that we have done, what doth it profit?

but by the grace that we are saved, through faith, "Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being and that not of ourselves, it is the gift of God."We alone.

shall find, however, that this reasoning is very "Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have fallacious. Paul understood himself perfectly. He works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and i

might indeed be an "Hebrew of Hebrews"; and after will shew thee my faith by my works.

the strictest manner of this sect, lived a Pharisee; but "Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest

if his Pharisaism taught him to be a persecutor and well: the devils also believe, and tremble.

murderer of the saints, and a shedder of innocent "But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith withblood, his proceedings were not very righteous, he out works is dead? Was not Abraham our father

stood culpable before the Most High, and he had need justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his to be cleansed in the atoning blood of Christ; to son upon the altar?

repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for "Seest thou how faith wrought with his works, and the remission of his sins, before he could receive the by works was faith made perfect?

approbation of heaven. The young Pharisee might say "And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abra-

"all these have I observed from my youth up, what ham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for lack I yet?"A new dispensation was then ushered in, righteousness: and he was called the friend of God.

the gospel of eternal truth was unfolded; the kingdom "Ye see then how that by works a man is justified,

of heaven was being preached, and all men rushed and not by faith only.

unto it; and it was necessary that he should sell what "Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by

he had and give to the poor; follow our Savior; obey works, when she had received the messengers, and

the gospel; be governed by his teachings; and obey had sent them out another way?

his precepts. "For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith

There were many in those days who thought that without works is dead also."(James 2:1426.)

if they fulfilled the moral law, that they were pursuing The thing is here very clearly and pointedly set the right course, doing the will of God, and would forth, and although Paul speaks so much about faith, be saved. Paul tells them something else; that in the he contends as strenuously for works; he complains

fullness of time God sent forth his Son into the world that some had turned the grace of God into lasciviousto redeem those under the law; hence, if redemption ness, and positively says, that

was needed they were not in a salvable state without "If any man defile the Temple of God him will redemption, and he thus speaks emphatically of the God destroy."

necessity of faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, as being And further remarks, the great foundation of a sinner's hope; for if Christ "Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit

was not the Messiah, then indeed was their faith the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither

vain, as was also the preaching of the apostles and fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effemielders. This was the doctrine that was taught by our nate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,

Savior, and by all the apostles. "He that believe th "Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor

and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of not shall be damned."So it was no matter how often God."(1 Cor. 6:9-10.)

a man prayed, how much alms he gave, how often Many of the ancients pleaded before God their he fasted, or how punctual he was in paying his tithes, righteousness and good deeds, as even being meritoriif he believed not he would be damned. James conous; hence Job says, "My righteousness I hold fast,

tends very strenuously for works, especially in the and will not let it go:..."(Job 27:6.) David says, in

following extract from the second chapter: "What speaking on the same subject: "O Lord my God, if I

doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath have done this; if there be iniquity in my hands;

faith, and have not works? can faith save him? "If I have rewarded evil unto him that was at

"If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of peace with me; (yea, I have delivered him that withdaily food, out cause is mine enemy:)

"And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, "Let the enemy persecute my soul, and take it; yea,

be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give let him tread down my life upon the earth, and lay

them not those things which are needful to the body; mine honour in (Continued on page 606)

JULY 1963 593 PARENTS, LETS DO SOMETHING ABOUT DELINQUENCY!

BY MRS. C. ELLIOTT BERLIN

When parents assume their responsibility for guiding destructive to a sense of belonging than the habitual children rather than shifting it to church, school, and unnecessary absence of parents from functions imlaw enforcement agencies, they prevent much deportant to their youngsters. A child seldom forgets

linquency. Accounts of teenage crime would diminthe feeling of being alone when other children had

ish if more parents gave their children a sense of their parents to encourage and applaud them.

belonging, consistently disciplined them, provided When a child's security in the family is wellthem with normal social life, and instilled within established, discipline is less of a problem. A child

them true values. is born without judgment and selfdiscipline, so has

To develop a sense of belonging, the child should to be taught the "do's"and "don'ts"of living happily feel wanted from the moment following birth when in a complex society. When he is old enough to

he is cuddled in his mother's arms. Through the growunderstand, explanations should be given him and

ing years, that feeling should be strengthened by family discussions held where problems are aired and parents'words as well as actions. A sincerely exsolved. However, he should be taught that in matters

pressed, "I love you,"accompanied by a kiss, develops too mature for his judgment, he must honor the deconfidence in the youngster. cisions of those in authority.

A child should not only feel the love his parents Obedience is essential to a truly welladjusted life have for him, but also that which they feel toward and will prevent many hard knocks experienced by one another. He should know that they have mutual the wilfulminded. For instance, when a child starts

respect and delight in sharing the responsibility of school, he should realize that the teacher is in the caring for him. Lucky is the boy whose father takes classroom for his benefit and deserves his cooperation.

him camping, hunting, and fishing, goes to ball games If behavior problems arise, and their child is in the with him, takes him to church, and goes with him on wrong, parents should show that they are on the side hikes where they have time for "manto-man"talks. of law and authority, not run to the teacher or princiHomemaking tasks rarely should be more important pal, bristling with indignation because someone had

to a mother than listening with full attention to her the "nerve"to correct their little darling.

child's troubles. A child may not have a good houseTo develop selfdiscipline a youngster needs rekeeper for a mother, but if he has a good mother for sponsibilities. Chores should be assigned him in

a housekeeper, he will be all right. keeping with his development. When he does some-

A child's sense of belonging is increased when he thing well, honest praise should be given. When he

takes his turn planning and conducting the "Home makes mistakes, correction should be given with

Evening."Individual talents are encouraged as he directions on how to avoid the same mistakes in the

sometimes sings, prays, reads, speaks, tells stories, or future. Discipline should be kind, but firm and conplays a musical instrument. A work project planned sistent. Adults generally speak with pride when

on these nights often proves effective in keeping recounting the times in their youth when a stern paryoungsters off the street. ent justly administered punishment, even the woodChildren must feel that their parents are trulv shed variety.

interested in their development. Few things are more Selfdiscipline, learned in the home, prepares a

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA child for social experiences. A youngster's thinking old enough, she can decide for herself."This unwill be largely influenced by "the gang,"and he will fortunate attitude causes children to grow up feeling

desire to follow certain fads, but if parents have inresponsible to no one. Often they develop the constilled within him the ability to form his own opinions, cept that "right"is what they get away with, and

he will stand alone, if necessary, to defend that which "wrong"is what they get caught at. An amoral person

he knows is right. can be in trouble even as an immoral one, as he

Parents can make sure his first associates are among exists in a spiritual vacuum, having no conscience those attending uplifting young people's organizato control his actions. Conversely, when a child has

tions. Later, his close friends probably will be selearned to love and serve God and his fellow men,

lected from this type. These people will teach him he will never be delinquent, for he could not obey

that the "smart"thing to do is the right thing. To be these two laws and also commit godless acts

"one of the gang,"he will have to maintain similar against humanity.

high standards. Wise parents will welcome these The Prophet Joseph Smith said that if you teach

friends into their home. The few inconveniences people correct principles, they will govern themthus encountered are insignificant compared to the selves. Such principles should include respect for

benefits of knowing their child's friends and interests. our laws and government, education, great men and

A child needs to feel that he is accepted in his women, honest work, and for the rights of others.

group and is not abnormal in their eyes. Personal No need, then, for detention homes, reform schools,

disfigurement can be the cause of maladjusted and juvenile courts.

behavior. Therefore, if a child has an abnormality The following is a "recipe"guaranteed not to result

that can be corrected, parents should make every in a halfbaked product!

possible sacrifice to correct both the problem and

Heaps of—love and understanding

the child's attitude toward it, remembering that the

Dash of—sincere praise and admirationchild's feelings may seem foolish, but to him they

Many hours of—family fun and workare of utmost importance.

Vast amounts of—wholesome recreation However, if parents tend to the physical needs of

Countless—good associates

children, but neglect the spiritual, their task is incomMix well and season with:

plete. Children need every assistance the Church

Quantities of—responsibility and challengescan give, but it is primarily the parents'duty to lay a

Innumerable opportunities for—hard workfoundation of faith which will prevent antisocial

reactions. Childhood is the time to learn funda- (the kind that dirties your hands)

Sufficient—firm and consistent discipline

mentals of right and wrong. Adolescence, then, is a

An abundance of—spiritual experiencestime for pondering and sorting the knowledge gained.

A teenager must have some basis for comparison Plenty of—good parental example and teaching

before wise choices can be made. Supposedly reParents, let's not leave the training of our children

ligious persons sometimes say, "We're not going to to others. Accept the challenge and do something

force Susan to attend any church so that when she is about delinquency!

JULY 1963 595 Far? How BY MILLIE CHEESMAN

"But you have to permit certain things, Julie, if you that she must call her Laurel teacher, Doris Hansen, want to be popular!"and tell her about the nonmember she was bringing to

Sandra Burke was a very close school friend. She Mutual tonight.

surprised Julie by continuing, "You can't be an old Doris was asking herself just how far she was exfuddy-duddy and expect the boys to keep on pected to go in order to demonstrate her devotion to dating you."the Lord and to his Church. Sometimes she felt that

"Well, Sandy,"Julie returned, "any boy that treats along with her responsibilities at home, husband Frank me that way can just find himself another girl, that's in the bishopric, plus the new baby, that her newly all."The girls turned into Julie's front yard. assigned work as Laurel teacher was almost more than

"Oh, sometimes I've wondered,"mused Sandra, "if she could manage. The lessons were such a challenge,

it would be the right thing, but I don't want to sit and there were so few girls of Laurel age in the ward.

home every weekend. I want to have fun. Besides, It hardly seemed worth all the hours of preparation

what could be wrong with a little hugging and each week. The girls, though sweet and lively, were

kissing and... well, you know, Julie, I'd never very independent and often acted as if they couldn't

do anything really wrong!"care less whether Doris did or didn't come each TuesJulie's eyes widened at these remarks as they both day with her special material that required so much

sat down by the lily pond. Sandra flushed a little, preparation. Doris felt, at times, that too much was

"Boy, what are you saving yourself for? You'll end expected of women in the Church, and she, for one,

up being an old maid, that's what! Not me; no, sir. was going to ask about the possibility of a release!

My mother and dad have never told me it was wrong Her four children required so much time, and there to pet. I've wondered about it a little, but it seems were any number of other women who could take the

to be the thing to do, and I don't want anything to class and do a much better job.

interfere with my popularity. You're so straightAll these thoughts were running through her mind

laced, Julie. Are all you Mormons like that?"as she plunged her breakfast dishes into the hot,

"Well, why don't you come to Mutual with me sudsy water. The washing machine was droning

tonight and find out for yourself! I've told you how through its cycle as it washed the baby's clothes, and

much fun we have there, and you'll see that we're Doris began to think about her class and the lesson not as stiff as you think!"that was to be given this evening on chastity. It was

Sandra looked at Julie in disgust. "Oh, come on. a touchy subject, and although she had read in several

Why don't you go skating with me tonight? Why books and studied articles by Church leaders, she was

do you always have to go to Mutual all the time?"still wondering how she could approach the subject

Julie smiled, "Well, our dance instructor is going without trying to appear disgustingly selfrighteous!

to teach us a new way to do the Chacha. I don't She wanted, in some way, to give the girls the desire

wan't to miss that! If you come tonight you'd be in to keep themselves clean. She wanted to inspire them,

my Laurel class. You'd never believe that our teacher, but how would she approach them? She felt so

Doris Hansen, is the mother of four boys. She's so inadequate and such a miserable failure!

pretty and lots of fun! She's always doing something Suddenly the washing machine began to spit suds

nice for us girls, and I'll bet you anything she could all over the kitchen floor. She flew to the garage

set you straight on dating conduct!"for the mop and caught the soapy water just before

Sandra tilted her head to one side thoughtfully. it soaked into the living room rug. No sooner had

Then, "All right, just for that I'll come!"she finished mopping up the washwater than the

They both laughed as Julie ran her hand through telephone rang. Her tenyear-old son, Charlie, had

the water in the lily pond; she made a mental note fallen on his hand while trying to catch a flyball.

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They thought his wrist was broken! Could she come did all those books and articles do her if she couldn't

right up and take him to have it X-rayed? Doris collect her thoughts? She informed the boys that she

swooped the baby from the playpen and dashed to was going to her room for a few minutes, and they the school. As she headed for the doctor's office with were not to bother her. She sat down at her desk,

her injured son she wondered when she was going rested her head in her arms, and began to pray.

to have time to organize her thoughts for her class. "Heavenly Father, I feel so weak and in need of

So many other problems were whirling around in her inspiration. Please help me in my calling as'a teacher.

head. Thank goodness the results of the X-rays only So much depends on me this evening. Give me the

indicated a bad sprain. words to say that will touch the hearts of these girls,

Upon arriving home, Doris hurriedly hung up her and especially the one who will not be of our faith.

baby's washing and finished the dishes. She began Forgive me my many weaknesses and give me the

mixing a double batch of cookies to take to her strength and ability to do the things that are required

Mutual class. Again the ringing telephone interrupted of me both in my home and at Church, for one would

her thoughts. It was Julie Martin to tell her about the be nothing without the other."

nonmember she was bringing to Mutual that night. Two of the boys suddenly burst into the bedroom.

Julie said she hoped Doris could come up with some The younger claimed that Charlie had taken his answers to change Sandra's ideas on personal gum, and he wanted it back! Charlie looked at his

standards and dating popularity. younger brother in disbelief, "You mean you want it

Doris's head was spinning. Today, as every day, even after I chewed it?"

had been a regular threering circus with the boys. They all laughed, and the boys broke into a run

What would she have to offer the girls in her class as they heard their father's car in the driveway. Doris

in the way of advice and counsel tonight? What good greeted Frank with a (Continued on page 603)

JULY 1963 597 J&mH&WZ'** 9*SSS?25S!33r*'*V''*''

Are You Feeding His BY ERNEST EBERHARD, JR.

DIRECTOR OF CURRICULUM, CHURCH DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

In the twentyfirst chapter of John is a most touching account of an exhortation given to Peter by the Resurrected Savior. Three

times Jesus asked Peter if he loved his Lord and Master. "Yea,

Lord; thou knowest that I love thee,"was Peter's reply to* Jesus'

first two queries.

The third time the question was put to Peter, the scriptures indicate he replied with some frustration and confusion: "... And

he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that

I love thee."As twice before, there came the somewhat cryptic

charge, "Feed my sheep."(See John 21:1517.)

There may be several interpretations which can be made of this incident. The writer has always felt that one of these was especially

important as it relates to those called to be teachers in the Lord's latterday Church. It is the need of a deep personal love for the

Savior. It must be had on the part of those called to feed his

RS:o8jh8|&: vi 'X sheep. Jesus himself felt that those who teach his gospel should

jfcpsj w9K|xi:

personal of love loyalty of a strong cause have to his a sense him and *-'SK3 >jP:oj yv-y&fi&flK effectively to as if they represent the author were of man's him

individual truly means to place this person's interests iny'vaflxS B v&: salvationTo loveandanexaltation.

:-x-:-:* before one's own welfare. At the time of the Lord's questioning of

Peter, this apostle had not yet succeeded in reaching such a degree of dedication. The necessity for making Peter aware of the need

for a complete and selfless devotion to others was likely the motive:*: behind the Savior's repetitive probing of the depth of Peter's love.

Those who are to feed the Master's sheep must have a dedication to their call, as teachers, which is unsurpassed in any field of secular teaching. A high degree of faith in the ultimate triumph

of good is basic.

The gospel teacher needs, first and foremost, a witness from the Holy Ghost which Peter seemed not to have at the time of this interrogation. Without this singular witness, the necessary degree

of faith and an adequate depth of knowledge of the full import of the saving powers of gospel principles escape the understanding of the teacher. Such a deficiency leaves him helpless to reach the

innermost recesses of the human soul where lie the strongest and most persistent resources for faith. The teacher's attempt to achieve

a witness of the Holy Ghost must come through avenues other than those by which we generally perceive the world around us.

After having received the gift of the Holy Ghost, those who would teach by the power of the spirit must so order all aspects of their lives that they can be continuously sensitive to the inspirami

Peter by Michelangelo

Sheep':

tion of this holy personage. No lesson should be government, science, entertainment, or education are

prepared or taught without prayerful supplication for quoted as authorities for the truthfulness and validity divine guidance. Every aspect of the teacher's life of gospel principles—ahead of Jesus. These indishould be brought into the closest possible harmony viduals, experts in their own specialized fields, may

with gospel principles. be less knowledgeable in the gospel than are the

Unfortunately, there are teachers who, for example, humble members of the Church who have a lifetime feel they can teach in an auxiliary organization which of study and of gospel living behind them. Jesus is

meets during the week and then disregard the Sabthe author of our salvation. This fact is attested by

bath as the Lord's day. Also, there may be a failure two thousand years of testimony, of examination, and

to live the gospel in some other aspect of their private of application of what he taught. All teachers in The

or public lives. Such teachers are weakened in their Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints should

ability to teach by the power of the Spirit. Such place the Savior and what he taught in the same

teachers are too often teachers of the letter of the perspective his listeners did at the close of the Sermon law, an approach which blocks deep internal growth on the Mount: "And it came to pass, when Jesus had

incident to truly spiritual teaching. ended these sayings, the people were astonished at

This witness of the Spirit must underlie all evaluahis doctrine:

tions, interpretations, and references to the mission "For he taught them as one having authority, and of Jesus. This includes all he said, all he did, and not as the scribes."(Matt. 7:2829.)

all he has revealed and will reveal to his servants, President McKay, the Savior's prophet in our day, the prophets, ancient and modern. Without this reaffirmed this in a Christmas Eve speech in 1961:

continuing witness, a teacher in Christ's Church can- "Christ's reality must be sensed by you and by me, not feed his sheep. and the reality of his philosophy must be mine and

It has been truthfully said, "He who kindles others yours if we hope to advance spiritually and rise above must himself glow."Those who seek to develop a the earth and the things akin to it."

genuine love and appreciation for the Savior have Professional men have found, after many years of a unique glow about their persons. They have a unfruitful experimentation, that the basic principles

radiance of countenance, a vibrancy of voice and of joyful, harmonious living are not inherent in a gesture which set other hearts and minds aflame. perspective based on a theory of the physical domiThe best way to achieve this glow is for the teacher, nance of man's behavior as taught by some evolutionduring his daily life, to strive consciously to apply the ists. They are beginning to see clearly the sublime

principles which the Savior taught. There is, for emotional and spiritual depth of the Savior's stateexample, the principle of going the second mile. Each ment that, "Man does not live by bread alone."They

day, a different application of this principle can be have been compelled to see that only through true worked out. The Beatitudes have been called the religion can they meet the human mind on its

"Constitution of the Kingdom of God,"and the teacher own terms.

who would feed the Master's sheep should be thorGospel teachers for young people of college age oughly acquainted with them in a practical senseshould take special note of this trend. They should

should be constantly carrying out projects to implemake an intensive study of the superiority of the ment them in his daily life. Savior's teachings before they inadvertently relegate

The teacher who would truly feed the sheep must him to an inferior role as an authority on life and not be ashamed of the authoritativeness of the Savior's its true values. What he said personally, what he

teachings. Too often experts in the fields of philosophy, has given to us through {Continued on page 610)

JULY 1963 599 The increased emphasis that has been placed on genealogy during the recent months has aroused a widespread interest in genealogical research throughout the Church.

Those who will be introduced to genealogical work for the first time are urged to contact their ward genealogical committee for instruction on the specific steps of how to proceed in this work. Failure to do so could result not only in

wasted time and effort but also in the duplication of work that others may have done on the same pedigree.

Beginners in genealogy often fail to consider the possibility that other members of their family may have valuable items of genealogical information in their possession or even may have been active in actual research work.

Contact with relatives should be made by all who are beginning genealogical work. The individual who is the only member of his family in the Church

should make this essential contact as well as the second or third generation church member. Nonmember relatives may be able to provide valuable items

of genealogical information.

This initial contact with relatives has two objectives. They are:

1. to determine what genealogical information each relative has. Not only

will this prevent duplication of research, but in many instances it will provide valuable items of information which cannot be readily obtained elsewhere.

2. To acquaint family members with your newly found interest in genealogy

and to invite them to participate through a family organization in a planned program of genealogical research.

WHY A FAMILY ORGANIZATION?

1. As the membership of the Church increases, there is a possibility that the

new convert may be related to families already in the Church who have carried out considerable genealogical activities. With this increased membership and the

resulting increased genealogical activity, the possibility of duplication of research becomes more and more of a problem. So much so, that in most cases, geneGenealogy alogical research is no longer the work of the individual. It has developed into a

family project.

2. One out of every five family group records submitted to the Genealogical

Society for processing and temple work is a duplicate of a sheet already on file in the Church Records Archives....A In many instances different members of the same family have submitted

identical group sheets unaware that duplication of research has taken place.

This wasted effort could be avoided by an effective family organization.

3. Genealogical research can be timeconsuming and costly. If your pedigree Family

has been extended back to your greatgrandparents, there are eight different ancestral lines on which research is to be carried out. Obviously, the work involved in ancestral research presents no small task. Each time a pedigree is

extended back an additional generation the number of different ancestral lines Project is increased.

The conducting of research on all lines of a pedigree is often beyond the capacity of one person. In a family organization, the work of a comprehensive

research program is shared.

4. The pedigrees of many church members involve research in a number of

different countries. It is not unusual to have a pedigree on which one branch

of the family originated from Scotland, another branch from Wales, another from

Denmark, and yet another from the United States. Such "international"pedigrees are common. As the records of localities vary in their content and availability, it becomes obvious that the methods and procedures of actual research

will also differ from country to country.

With an active family organization in which a number of individuals or a number of groups each assumes responsibility for one specific part of the pedigree, specialization in research in one area becomes a practical possibility.

5. To Latterday Saints, the family is the unit of exaltation. An active and productive family organization can unite living individuals in purpose and ideal.

It can foster mutual love and understanding that comes from working toward a common goal and can thus prepare them while yet in mortality for eventual eternal unity.

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pertinent Questions Answered

QUESTION: findings of this survey? Is there an extensive waiting

My husband and I adopted a child who will be four list for this service?

years old next birthday. He is not aware that he is

adopted. In our ward genealogical class there was a ANSWER:

variety of different opinions as to how this child At the present time, requests for research surveys on should be recorded on a family group record. Some pedigrees involving Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, and

said he should be listed with his blood parents; Scottish records are not being accepted due to a waitothers claim he should be listed on the sheet where ing list of two to five years for research in these

my husband and I appear as husband and wife. Will countries.

you please settle this problem for me? In view of this, church members having ancestry in

these areas are encouraged to do their own research

ANSWER: as far as possible. If there are members of your

family who live close to the Genealogical Society,Adopted children should be recorded on the family they could be asked to carry out the research survey group record of their adopted parents, and no mention for you. should be made on the record indicating they are

With very few exceptions, there is little or noadopted EXCEPT:

deferment of research surveys in areas other than 1. Where desired by the adopted child or the

those previously mentioned. Normally, a report on

adopted parents.

the results on the survey will be sent to* you within 2. Where necessary so as not to give an erroneous

one or two months of receipt of your request.

impression resulting from dates such as instances to prevent the appearance of illegitimacy where the adopted child was born before or only a few months after the marriage of the adopted parents; or where

an adopted child is born a short time after the birth of a "natural"child of the adopted parents, etc. In QUESTION:

such instances, the word "adopted"should be reIt is almost a year since I have heard from the recorded in parentheses following the given names search department regarding the work they are of that child. carrying out for me in England. Why is there such

A child who is "born in the covenant"might later a delay?

be legally adopted by foster parents but could not be sealed to them. Such a child should be listed on ANSWER:

the family group record of his blood parents to whom Only a very small percentage of the genealogical reche was "born in the covenant."ords from England are in the library of the Genealogical Society. Consequently, much of the work

must be done through correspondence with qualified and proven record searchers residing in those areas in which research must be carried out.

As far as possible, research orders are worked in

QUESTION: rotation, although the localities with which the pediIn a recent genealogical class, the importance of a gree is concerned and the amount and accessibility

research survey was stressed. of the records in these areas all affect the length of

I live some considerable distance from the Genetime required to obtain results. Moreover, the recalogical Society in Salt Lake City and am unable, ords searchers employed in certain areas usually have

therefore, to carry out personally this survey. In the as much as a year's work on hand. The officials in

class we were told about a paid research survey and charge of records, being fully occupied themselves, instructed on what we must send with our request sometimes delay a search for many months.

for this work. The members of the research department do everyHow long will I normally have to wait for the thing within their power to see that reports on the

Genealogical Society to send me a report on the status of your work are sent to you as soon as possible.

JULY 1963 601

The MIA theme for 196364 THOUGHTS

And when ye shall receive these things, I FOR TALKS would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall

ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of

: the Holy Ghost.—Moroni 10

This suggests four great cornerstones

Prayer, Sincerity, Faith, and Truth.

PRAYER SINCERITY

No man ever prayed heartily without Sincerity is an openness of heart.

learning something.—Emerson—La Rouchefoucauld

Prayer is the chief thing that man may There is no greater delight than to be present unto God.—Hermes conscious of sincerity.—Mencius

Prayer is the voice of faith.—Home Be content to seem what you really are.—Martial

Prayer is the spirit speaking truth to

Truth.—Bailey I do profess to be no less than I seem; to

serve him truly that will put me in trust to love him that is honest; to converse with

him that is wise.—Shakespeare

FAITH TRUTH

Faith is the force of life.—Leo Tolstoy The language of truth is simple.—Euripides

To believe only possibilities is not Faith, but mere Philosophy.—Sir Thomas Browne Abstract truth is the eye of reason.—Rousseau

Faith is an act of selfconsecration, in Arm thyself for the which the will, the intellect, and the affectruth—BulwerLytton

tions all have their place.—W. R. Inge Truth is the edict of God.—H. W. Shaw

Faith is a kind of winged intellect. Thegreat workmen of history have believed Truth hates delays.—Seneca

like giants.—Charles H. Parkhurst And truth is knowledge of things as they

Now faith is the substance of things hoped are, and as they were, and as they are tofor, the evidence of things not seen. come;...—D&C 93:24

11:1—Hebrews

How Far? "I recently talked with a college recently, who dated many, many

boy on this very subject, and do you girls at the university, and he said ( Continued from page 597 know what he said? He remarked that one of the dates he remembers

that it is the girl who sets the mood best was with a girl who wouldn't big hug and kiss. She knew, at last, for the evening! Both in her dress let him kiss her! They went on a

what she would say to her girls that and in her actions. By these two hike and spent the evening in wonevening and began to enjoy a feeling things a fellow gains or loses respect derful conversation and laughter.

of calm relief. # # # # # for a girl. You can never go wrong And, what was his opinion of this

by being genuinely interested in the young lady? He said, 'You know,

"Hi, Sister Hansen!"The girls boy's opinions. Find out about his even though she refused to kiss me,

came into the classroom chattering likes and dislikes and, mainly, just I had one of the best times I can and laughing. Most of the talk was be your own happy self. He will remember, and I really respected

about school, new dresses, and the come back again and again if he is that girl!'It might surprise you to

dance this coming Friday. the kind of young man who is worth know that some fellows are merely

"Sister Hansen, this is my girl caring about. testing you when they ask for an

friend, Sandra Burke, from school. "I talked with another college boy evening of kissing.

She wanted to visit Mutual with me tonight!"The girls exchanged

happy glances.

"Why, we're so happy to have you with us, Sandra."

Roll was taken; Julie introduced

rest to theSandra of the class; and (THE

then Doris up. stood SPOKEN WITH MODERATION

a "Girls, our lesson tonight is on WORD chastity."Doris paused, and without

another word she picked up her purse and brought out a package of gum. The girls exchanged curious RICHARD L. EVANS

silentlyglances. Doris as stood cited Browning Robert and broadminded, last being talked on week she We it in the her put gum,unwrapped will therefore something, and believe those are said: "There who who to chew. She and beganmouth everything, tolerate other hand, those the who tolerate nothing; on and

seconds, a took the then fewchewed 1 all in all things, in are extremes nothing."There believe they it because of her out mouth, droppedgum of broadmindedintolerance; extremes of of tolerance, directions; extremes

it it floor, rolled up, the pickedon is always almost the extreme of narrowmindedness. And ness and

in hand, then the her passed palm of utteractivities, interests, and in practices; in opinions and both

it girl hazardous, all class for the each around all of sides to consider balance. need ance. Life needs to be in Men

to examine. By this time they were themselves. "Moderate desires,"said Timothy Dwight, "constitute a char-

."2 "Theabout to burst with curiosity! When acter fitted to acquire all the good which the world can yield...

3 There isthe gum was returned to Doris, she choicest pleasures of life lie within the ring of moderation."

spoke for the first time in several always the danger of being overbalanced, of seeing only one side, of minutes, "Girls, I'd like you each to being obsessed, of pushing things too far too fast, of pressing even a goodhave some gum, too. Julie, would point so hard that the reaction is opposite from that intended. While

this that piece take haveyou we likes bad. one pressure be extreme good, No may the be purpose may

just around?"passed driven be moderation far too fast. Without may men too to pushed be

I quickly, "Oh, spoke Julie up go. the otherwise they to From would which the very good from away dirty piece! thatdon't I want want faddist; is a of being the extreme there oldfashioned too of being extreme

that touched!"hasn't beenone is the there too clinging of ways the extreme much to outworn from

that is ex- "Julie, continued, Doris gift. great is a everything. to of change Judgment wanting extreme

actly the way young men feel about Balance is a great gift. Moderation is a great gift. All things need maturgirls they marry! They feel just as ing. Most matters require thoughtful considered decision. And even

you did about the gum. You wanted socalled moderation is sometimes excessive. To embrace an evil, even

touched. never been hadsome that of sense. sincerest in the restraint, moderation To partake is hardly with

it could a sad be in momentWhat to do that not be used, should to use that which is not good, that whichyour life, girls, when you meet the which should not be done, is, in the sincerest sense, excess. "Moderation,"

to find out that dreams, of yourman "is string the pearlchain through the silken running Fuller, said Thomas of him, nor not be worthyyou might if taken proverb, "is poison nectar,"says all virtues."4 a Hindu of "Even

fine enough for him, because you to excess."5wanted popularity at any price when

you were younger! The price is too Robert Browning.

dear. Some of you girls in class 2Timothy Dwight (17521817), American theologian.

tonight may be wondering just how 3Martin4Thomas F.Fuller,Tupper,TheProverbialHoly StatePhilosophy:and the Profaneof Compensation.State.

far you should go when you date the 5Hindu proverb.

boys and still be popular in the "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia right way. Broadcasting System, March 24, 1963. Copyright 1963.

JULY 1963 603 "I do hope you girls will decide your dreams! Don't be forced to Upon her return home that

tonight you don't want to be passed take second best because of mistakes evening Doris reviewed in her around from boy to boy and become you made when you were as young thoughts everything she had said an easy girl that nobody wants. So, as you are now!"and done in class. Teaching those

whenever you chew a piece of gum, You could have heard a pin drop girls was such a responsibility! Perplease think of this little lesson toin that classroom. Even after rehaps she wasn't the one to do it!

night. You girls are all so dear to freshments, the girls were a little Perhaps her approach was comme, and I want each of you to marry more reserved than usual as they pletely wrong! She would call the

the finest man in the world! How left for their dancing activity. It was bishop tomorrow morning and ask

far will you go? Why, you want to hard to tell exactly how each felt to be replaced.

go on for eternity with the man of about these deeply serious matters. Tomorrow morning came very

early for Doris, for she had slept fitfully. The children were still

asleep as she opened the front door to get the morning paper. An envefloor. lope fluttered to the The

written TEACHING SUBJECTS - name, "Mrs. Hansen,"was

... boldly across the front. Doris was AND SELF

puzzled. Who in the world would

be writing her in the middle of the night? She opened the letter and

read: toRICHARD L. EVANS began Mrs. Hansen: It's hard to "Dear

I'll I feel, try things to so say the for is earnest subject learning a always responsibility of teaching andThe tell write and youi you how much lives all likely our of us, are to live children, andconsideration because class to tonight. I only meant me of subjects teaching the along of with lines thealong what And we learn. girl I every wish could have know

is self; is facts there presented, with of along the teachingthere always

lips. I heard your heard what from

impression. personal attitude, the the innuendo, the the example,always doesn't Julie she is lucky know how all teaching, while the are,"Emerson, observed"That "we are which we to to able belong a church to be 1 are there hazards involuntarily."voluntarily, because merely Butnot but that I her helps her with problems.

of learn. to dangers knowledge,"in learning, cease not should "The we lot is realize that a depending on me of "are to dangers with thesaid not Richard Whately, compared be

I fordate. I will never now when 2 Millikan, of "always Robert "Fulnessignorance."and knowledge,"wrote

I lesson get the in learned your of the ignorance, ofnecessarily our depths understanding means some

I class. to Could Mutual from come are reverence."3 humility that to and These conducive both is alwaysand

I on, a though even not now am of qualities reverence. teachergreat student—humility Conboth and and

I of your Church? would, member

is to learning, learning, called irreverentceited, selfassured always be like to hear a having about more "I the said patience,""withinto question. Paul Havens, have no Swain

is eternity. for That somehusband

beliefs. hisintellectual in students'delights blasting bombthrower who

I thing before, never have heard and is destroys with the the bad. not everyLike he good That bombthrower

it is I albeautiful will thought. a

It sears to only arouse mind. and which anthe method unawakened by

I grateful to Julie. be ways would

its will destroys; of practitioners the and on be day judgmentmaims and have attended with Churchheld guilty of blasphemy and of misleading the young: two of the most never

hadn't her if she spoken so proudly agrievous charges accountable."4 "Without for which be held man can of all the things she does there! I

of Starrcharacter,""devoted, without rugged, strength Jordan, said David that glad has influenced Julie am failssoul, right to teach. great to a has leave teacher never no The man of instead influencing her me, my thisa great of greatness on and young mark mark. women...... And men

to things, because do my ideas is itsin all last analysis a one. real in excellence always moral There is no

of either have helped wouldn't one 5this living."citations right separated can world from which be These

I us! don't saywhether know I am real responsibility teaching; in of the us;suggest of any any way, by by

I just things well. these ing very

action; attitude example, or or thatword, shapes any by by by means

telling for to the thank want you me all ofleads minds. others, men's influence any have us—insofar on as we We—that things should Mother own my responsibility to a sacred sobering thehave and God, Lord we to whom Sincerely, ago! told long have me trust first for as teachers.are accountable our of all, influence the And

on which there is a divinely imposed obligation, is the home, the parents, Sandra Burke."

crying. She Doris was knew now

. ones. learning "I. withthe loved. have commanded

go! to far she expected She was you,"said our how light in truth."6Father, children "to bring your and up

must do her best with these wonderiRalph Waldo Emerson. ful girls. Though it seemed discourof ArchbishopRichard Whately (17871863), Dublin. aging and unrewarding at times, if

physicist. Millikan8Robert A. American (18681953),

President, Havens, College:4Paul Wilson False. Swain True Education The and the she could only help one girl, it was

Starr University: Jordan, President, Stanford Jr.5David Leland and The University the Common Man.

eD&C 93:40. worth all the effort. As for asking

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia for a release—the ward had enough

Broadcasting System, April 7, 1963. Copyright 1963. problems!

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I gas it. I tire it.

mjL m** Tm

ATLAS

Heavy Duty

f start it. I even point it in the right direction.

But that's whatj do. What you do is get AMERICAN brand gasoline (and you know how good that is, right?). Pius A TLAS tires that are so

longwearing you begin to wonder who's been sneaking around putting new tires on your car every week and ATLAS batteries that keep you from being greeted by an ominous silence when you turn the key some freezing morning. (And isn't it handy that both are sold and

serviced by 50,000 dealers across the U. S. and Canada?) What with all this longlasting stuff, you'd think I ought to be worried about not

seeing you again. But think again. I not only help make sure your car gets where it's going. Why, I even give travel information

Oil Dealer (amiso you'll know where your car's taking you. You expect more from American—andyou get it. Your AmericanAMERICAN OIL COMPANY

JULY 1963 605 Righteousness And Nehemiah, after testifying try to lead the Jews astray: "Then

concerning Tobiah, and casting his I testified against them, and said goods out of the temple, and conunto them, Why lodge ye about the tending with the nobles for not wall? if ye do so again, I will lay

(Continued from page 593 bringing their tithes into the treashands on you...."

ury, says: "Remember me, O my And because some of the Jews had

God, concerning this, and wipe not married strange wives, he chased the dust, Selah.... out my good deeds that I have done one of them away from him, saying,

"The Lord shall judge the people: for the house of my God, and for "I contended with them, and cursed

judge me, O Lord, according to my the offices thereof."And after conthem, and smote certain of them,

righteousness, and according to mine tending with the nobles for breakand plucked off their hair, and made integrity that is in thee."(Psalms ing the Sabbath, he said unto some them swear by God, saying, Ye shall

7:3-5, 8.) strangers that came among them to not give your daughters unto thensons, nor take their daughters unto

your sons, or for yourselves."(Neh.

13:14, 21, 25.) For these and other

things, he says, "... Remember me,

O my God, concerning this also, and "SMALL, GENTLE MEMORIES spare me according to the greatness of thy mercy."(Ibid., 13:22.) The OF MOTHER"righteousness of Nehemiah seems indeed to be of a very singular cast,

yet as a prophet of the Lord he pleads his deeds before God, asRICHARD L. EVANS

meritorious. being

Mothers and the memories of mothers are much mingled with emotions. Nor were the apostles forgetful

Margaret Sangster said: "The mother memories that are closest to my of these things. Peter, in speaking

heart are the small gentle ones that I have carried over from the days to Cornelius, says: "... I perceive

is no respecter of persons:of my childhood. They aren't profound, save as loveliness is profound. that God

They aren't dramatic unless tenderness can be termed drama. But they "But in every nation he that fearhave stayed with me through life, and I think that when I am very old, eth him, and worketh righteousness,

they will still be near. Small gentle memories! Of Mother... drying my is accepted with him."(Acts 10:34tears.... Of Mother reading aloud.... Of Mother cutting cookies... 35.) John says, "Every one that doeth

and singing as she did.... Of Mother listening to the prayers I said as I righteousness is born of God."And

knelt with my forehead pressed against her knee. Of Mother tucking again, "Whosoever doeth not rightme into bed and turning down the light.... These are some of my eousness is not of God."(See 1 John

memories. They have carried me across the world—through fear and 3:7-10.) And we are told in Reveladisappointment and disillusionment and heartbreak and temptation. They tion that "... the fine linen is the

have given my... life such a firm foundation that it does no rock beneath righteousness of the saints."(Rev.

flood or tempest...."1 Most blest are they who have such memories19:8.) We know that "... Abraham

memories of gentle hands, of kindly words, of sweet encouragement, of believed God, and it was imputed nursing in illness, of watching quietly in the background without intruding unto him for righteousness:..."but

too much, of waiting, wondering, worrying—always patiently waiting, of then James tells us that his "faith

quieting our fears, easing our hurts, understanding our hearts, and our was made perfect by his works."(See

feeling that all was safe for us because Mother was there. And most remarkJames 2:2124.) So that we shall

able about mothers is how they come to be such as they are. "No callfind after all, that it is not the hearer,

ing... is more exacting... no vocation of comparable significance has nor the believer, alone, but the doer

been accorded such scant preparation,"said one observer, [yet] "the of the word, that is justified; that

Mother sets the standard of the home.... [And] "the care of morals whatever virtue there is in faith,

and of temperament requires a far more delicate adjustment of love and that without works it is dead; even

common sense than the care of [physical factors]."2 And in all of this, as the body without the spirit is

in so divine a calling, we doubt not mothers are especially blessed in their dead; and that faith is of no use

prayerful, loving inspiration, in their intuition in a calling requiring wisunless it "works by love, and puridom, patience, humor, example, service, unselfishness, sacrifice, and gentle fies the heart"And hence Paul wise counsel with answers and insight beyond the wisdom of books. "And speaks about the saints in his day,

say to mothers what a holy charge is theirs—with what a kingly power their "having on the breastplate of rightlove might rule the fountains of the newborn mind."3 Would that no child eousness,"(See Eph. 6:14) and being

would grow old without the memory of such mothers! And may no "filled with the fruits of righteousmother be unremembered or left in neglected loneliness. ness."(See ibid., 5:19.)

The gospel indeed makes us free;

Sangster, E.aMargaret Memories. Mother

2Dr. Park Mothers. but let us be careful how we use Jr., Expert White, Jerauld

3Lydia H. Sigourney, The Mother of Washington. our freedom, and not turn the grace

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia of God into lasciviousness; as Peter

Broadcasting System, May 12, 1963. Copyright 1963. says, "As free, and not using your

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They call him"Mr. Insurance

He's the man from FARMERS INSURANCE serving you. He's a good man to see about ALL

GROUP, friend and neighbor. And advisor, too, your insurance.

when it comes to insurance. He can show you how Farmers Insurance

He's the one who helped plan for the Jones boy's Group can offer you better protection at lower college education... Doctor Jones now. He worked rates on your personal, business and AGRICULout the retirement plan for the Johnsons. He wrote TURAL insurance. And he can arrange for you to

the policy that covered the Ryan house in that bad pay for all your Farmers insurance with one confire last year. He's insured a good percentage of venient monthly payment, if you wishf

the neighborhood cars and businesses. You can see Let "Mr. Insurance"prove to

why he's called "Mr. Insurance."you that Farmers is the best

There's a "Mr. Insurance"in your community.. insurance buy in America today, f

an independent businessman who is a thoroughlyCall your Farmers Agent for trained, highly skilled professional, dedicated to ALL your insurance.

*Not available in Texas.

Fast * Fair * Friendly Farmers Insurance Group

AUTO LIFE FIRE HOME TRUCK COMMERCIAL

JULY 1963 607 ML MAJESTIC MANOR AND MOTOR LODGE liberty for a cloak of maliciousness, but as the servants of God."(1

Peter 2:16.)

The Lord has done great things for us, he has revealed unto us "The abundance of peace and truth;"

he has made manifest his will, and unfolded his purposes; he has put us

LOCATED IN BRIGHTON in possession of great blessings, even the blessings of the new and everANNOUNCING... SUMMER SEASON lasting covenant, and has planted in

with that blooms our bosoms a hope BEAUTIFUL - COOL - BRIGHTON eternal us immortality life. Let and

Group Rates for Meals then walk worthy to the high vocaOvernight Accommodations tion to which we are called, and as

Dormitory and Private Suites free servants of God be governed by

Banquet and Convention Facilities his law, keep his commandments,

FOR WARD and STAKE MIA GROUPS AND OTHERS and do his will; for men shall "not

DINNER DANCING EVERY FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT live by bread alone, but by every

For Reservations Call word that proceedeth out of the

EL 9-6980 -orBrighton 13 mouth of God."(Matt. 4:4.) Paul

GREAT FOR FAMILY REUNIONS hasject veryin theclearlyfollowingelucidatedwords,this subthe which, if we observe we shall do well. "For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not

but by love serve one another. GOING UP? liberty for an occasion to the flesh,

"For all the law is fulfilled in one this; thou shalt love

thyself. TRY HOME STUDY word,thy neighboureven in as

"But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not

Please send consumed one of another.

Free Spirit,"ThisandI yesayshallthen,not Walkfulfil thein lustthe of the flesh. HOME STUDY

Catalog to... Spirit,"For theand fleshthe lustethSpirit againstagainst thethe

flesh; and these are contrary the one NAME

to the other: so that ye cannot do the

ADDRESS. things that ye would.

"But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.

CITY.... "Now the works of the flesh

STATE. are manifest, which are these;

Adultery, fornication, uncleanness,

Brighom HOME STUDY, Young University, lasciviousness,

Provo, Utah "Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, "Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the

which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. But the

fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, "Meekness, temperance: against

such there is no law.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now...there's a travel bureau

in every Conoco station

CONOCO

mHtwmmB9}

New Conoco 1 TOURAIDE Travel Center if you want the most complete encycloThe finest and most complete travel And pedia of auto travel ever published, ask for service offered by any oil company Conoco's Deluxe Touraide. 128 colorful pages of

; maps, mileage charts, national parks, Count on your Conoco dealer to make travel by travel help

car more carefree than ever before. Because now "inand-out"city maps... the works! It's a genthere's a travel bureau in every Conoco station. uine $3.00 value for just $1.25!

The heart of this travel bureau is Conoco's Before you take a trip, stop at the Conoco travel Touraide bureau at full Travel Center—the of upwhole rack Touraide Travel Center—a your neighborhood Conoco station. That's the travel information travel... new tothe-minute

ideas, the finest 1963 state and city maps; suggesway to go first class!

tions on where to go, what to see, where to eat and sleep. Conoco helps you plan your trip; helps Before you go... as you go... count on

you while you're on the road.

If you're thinking of any trip, short or long, be sure to ask for your free Conoco Pocket Touraide CONOCO... 16 full color pages of travel tips and easyto- Hottest Brand Going!

read road maps of the U.S., Canada and Mexico. 1963, Continental Oil Company

JULY 1963 609 YOU CAN RENT IT!

crucified the flesh with the affecalso be tempted. RENTS HOWE "And they'that are Christ's have meekness; consider thyself, lest thou

lusts. ye one another's burdens, "Bear and RENTALS tions SALES AND

"If we live in the Spirit, let us also and so fulfil the law of Christ.

Beds - Wheel Chairs walk in the Spirit. Let us not be "For if a man think himself to be

is nothing, he Commodes—Crutches desirous of vain glory, provoking one something, when he

another, envying one another."deceiveth himself.

Tables—Chairs—Dishes (Gal. 5:1326.) "But let every man prove his own

Punch Bowls—Grills "Brethren, if a man be overtaken work, and then shall he have rejoicSilverware in a fault, ye which are spiritual, ing in himself alone, and not in anTractors—Forklifts restore such an one in the spirit of other."(Ibid., 6:1-4.)

Trucks—Air Compressors

All Types Tools

Salt Lake City 2375 South State 4860055 Ogden 1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414

Are You Feeding His tiny. These must be presented in

Sheep? proportions suitable to a student's

growth and development. The

following figure will assist the ( Continued from page 599) teachers to visualize this concept.

his prophets down through the ages should be basic to any interpretaThe lesson always begins in tion or explanation a teacher makes the present and after reaching of gospel principles. into the past or attempting to

Those who would feed his sheep picturethe present.the future(Note arrows.)returns to

Every year more churches buy must be synthesists. They must be

proof Real Tables! Monroe you concerned with showing young peofrom direct buying save money

is models life Many Monroe. piece. that and ple one whole

factory savdirect sizes. Also

tie past, present, and They must schools and churches, ings to organizations on other folding future together on the level of the storage chairs, table and chair partitions, trucks, portable Tested understanding of their students. choral risers, stages.

"DONOR PLAN"and new color The beloved Karl G. Maeser

catalog FREE! Write today! emphasized this very strongly. Said Table and Chair

CO. THE Storage Trucks MONROE

St., Colfax, Iowa he, "Education at the fireside and Church 249

in the schoolroom should lead a

of infancy to the mature years ofcmpe invitations child from the underdeveloped life adolescence. Step by step, along

To Compliment the various stages of physical, inspiritual detellectual, moral and 1 YourMarriageTemple lead it should velopment, upward

Replica of actual to the realization of man's final desrelief Temple is tiny, and furnish him with the means the on embossed reception folder. of reaching that destiny."(Italics

added.) 1 00 only childIt iswithin thethe areameansof forfurnishingliving gosthe Death religious that principles so much $8.95 pel

is fails. partially This education due./*"- Thermographed

Raised Lettering to the fact that teachers lay too The amount of each designated elemuch stress on a single facet of ment included in the lesson will

Other styles as low as 100 for $5.95. Also religious education. vary with the age of the students.

Write for FREE Albums. MarriageTemple catalog There are actually three distinct Past and future elements should be (state desired.) temple invitation samplesand

Rexburg, REXCRAFTelements in religious education. used in those proportions which will Idaho They are religious history educailluminate and give meaning to the

(Catalog sent airmail for 25<f.)

tion, religion as an application of present. Otherwise they merely

gospel principles to daily life, and a bore, confuse, or blind students.

Lord's the as feed firm serves theology a would Those which RIGHTAWAY! who PLAYIf You

of NowKnow Cvtna Note of for with the what concerned sheep man's must framework be whole it's to MusicEASYDon't Wow instrulearn his of the lesson—of existence their students get out desultimate and

exanyboring No ment.ercises. playing Start

little notes right piecesaway. Amazingby

time. at progress No

lesson. home,1,000,000 teacher.for in students.spare BOOK.cents WriteA1207, of School perU.

1898) (Est. PortFREEnfWashington,EducationFew State Y.S. DeDt. LicensedMusic, Y. N. StudioN.

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY THE DAWN'S EARLY LIGHT

Much of Mountain America starts out the day informed and entertained by BREAKFAST WITH

BARLOW. It's the number one wakeup show

around. Genial host, John Barlow reminds listeners

of the time, keeps them current on the weather forecast, highway conditions and present temperature, entertains them with "easyto-waketo music", supplies them with vital farm information and latest world and local news and in general makes getting the day under way a more pleasant task.

Listeners may even find themselves integrated as a part of the show through letters or calls.

Listeners usually provide the "word for the day", occasionally request a special hymn or simply write

John as old friends. Many of the letters are testiBREAKFAST monials for the sponsors of BREAKFAST WITH

BARLOW.

How long has it been since you had BREAKFAST WITH BARLOW? You'll find him at the WITH 1160 spot on your radio each Monday through

Saturday morning, 5:30 AM to 6:45 AM. Why

not join John for Breakfast tomorrow? BARLOW

JULY 1963 611 WHEAT MILL ONLY not with covering all someone has student as a child of God. Each one

$695 managedThe skilfulto putandintoeffectiveits formulation.teacher heshouldis, howbe loved,he looks,not orbecausehow successof who

POSTPAID will carefully look at each lesson to ful he makes the teacher feel. When ANYWHERE

IN THE see whether he has its elements in necessary, the teacher in spirit,

STATES UNITED or grinds balance. If not, he will add to or preparation, and teaching procedure Cracks

wheat, corn and remove those items which are not should be able and willing, at all kinds of hard appropriate to this objective. If least, to make an attempt to resoft grains, or

ORDER BY MAI I l'/2 lbs. par min. teachers would use as much common kindle the divine glow in the hostile,

GUARANTEED sense in feeding the Master's sheep overly aggressive, or unusually

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS spiritually as is actually used in withdrawn child.

literal sheepfeeding operations, they The writer stresses again the imof the conversation beThe portance would be much more effective. PEHRSON HARDWARE chief the apostle, and tween Peter, animal does not give husbandman 21 15 So. 1 lth East, Salt Lake City

his sheep the whole stack of hay nor the resurrected Savior. It would

does he provide them all the concertainly seem to confirm the imcentrates at once. In the same portance Jesus attached to effective

frame of reference, spiritual food gospel teaching. It should inspire

must be served in quantities approeach teacher to search ceaselessly suitable inspirational and of students. to more the needs The for HR9 priate materials prepmethods. and Such tailored his teachings Savior always

to the needs of those whom he aration when coupled with a love: [J for the Teacher, his which must Master respect, taught. In this example

.;.,\ E"* vl HSS?*"'*"'! the it pervades so as teachers. rule deep that should still be be our

*.-. Basic to the teacher's ability to teacher's personal life, will truly Br%Tr1Xfi'il.V MaMMS*

Mm feed the sheep is his love for every help qualify him to feed his sheep.

BIG $$ CAKE DECORATING. Housewives

wanted! $5 hour easy spare time. Endless

demand for lovely Cake Decorations and Professional Candy for Christmas, weddings, birthdays, parties, all occasions. We show you how

to turn your kitchen into gold mine. No capital

required. Start your own business small, grow

big. Send for FREE 3 month subscription to

"Fun & Profit Hobbies"magazine for Cake

Decorators and Candy Makers, and facts on complete home instruction. CANDY & CAKE,

Dept. D-761, Fallbrook, California.

I THE

SPOKEN'BECAUSE HE LIVES WORD It's Sno Kone... Cotton Candy...

Popcorn time. We have the equipment... for rent or sale. We have

the supplies for your every need to make that extra buck every RICHARD L. EVANS

ward, stake, mutual or Boy Scout troop needs. This day brings us to an examination of our faith, and on what our faith

is founded, as to immortality and the renewal of life with those we love

Write or call who have left. Many years ago, a distinguished scholar pursued this subject

with an earnest searching faith: "Deep in the soul lies the consciousness

THEATRE CANDY DISTRIBUTING CO. of immortality..."he said. "Without it man's nature is inexplicable, man's

1232 South State Street mortal life meaningless, man's soul a delusion and a mockery.... Amid

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH this tide of life... stands the Master of it all, the Lord of the world, and

EMpire 4-3669 cries with a voice in which there is the certainty born of personal experiAssociation of National Concessionof Member through ence, T am the resurrection and the life.'This thrilling cry, the most take care can needs of your aires and

associates ANYWHERE IN THE UNITED STATES. consoling, healing, merciful ever heard by mortal ears, came [as] a voice

from the very blackness of the mystery [and] carried with it the final authority of one who died and was buried [yet lives]. And to the multitude whose hearts are sore with sorrow... there is one voice which rings

with the clear, penetrating tones of reality.... They live as we live, think

think, love, love and for as we as weIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS 1 live, us; that they we know because... Hetheirlivesspiritswho wasstill oncefeel withdead."us

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth iEditorial, The Outlook, Jan. 4, 1902: Easter.

and throat irritations.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia

HALL'S REMEDY Broadcasting System, April 14, 1963. Copyright 1963.

Salt Lake City, Utah 1 1 - o< u-wo M-c!<<>:)-

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA firstclassNow! Go

...go Phillips 661

(It costs no more)

Firstclass service! Like the redFirst-class products! Phillips gasFirst-class stations! Phillips stacarpet treatment? You'll get it at Phillips olines actually have power to sparetions look firstclass—clean, bright,

66—with a big, warm welcome and give free rein to all the horsepower the neat and modern. (That goes for Phillips

cheerful, expert service. When it manufacturer built into your car. TropCertified Clean Rest Rooms, too.) So

comes to taking care of your car, your Artic Motor Oil is one of the finest ever if you think it's more fun to travel firstPhillips 66 dealer is a real pro. produced—anywhere, by anybody. class, stop at the Phillips 66 Shield

JULY 1963 613 should also be the president of the ecclesiastical group known as a stake.

The seventies have their own organization; and the presidency of the elders'

quorum will be under the presidency of the stake.

It is the duty of each presidency of a quorum to meet with the members, to sit in council, and teach them their duty. I repeat—to sit in council with

them and to teach them their duties.

Now, when they sit as a group in a quorum, the ecclesiastical authority has nothing to do with them except as the president of the stake.

It is the duty of the presidency of quorums, whether high priest, seventy, or elder, to teach, to sit in council with quorum members, and teach them their duty and see that they are attending to all regular duties. This

is a distinctive organization throughout v*%

MELCHIZEOEK the Church—the meaning or full imPRIESTHOOD port of which the Church does not

comprehend today.

What the secret orders are to the world, the quorums are to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The quorums should foster fellowship,The fundamental basis for m*Home Teaching fraternity, brotherhood, and love as a (Continued from page 581) group. Individually, they should give

service to the organizations in the

Synopsis of Remarks by President Church. They are subject to the ecDavid 0. McKay at a meeting for clesiastical authority as members of

Home Teaching Representatives, the Church, but not as quorum memheld in the Church Administration bers. Each quorum member is subBuilding, Wednesday, May 15, 1963. ject to his presidency, and it is the

duty of the presidency to bring about unity in the membership of the quorum. Let me illustrate further: Referring again to an instance on board

the vessel, I had never before seen the man. As he came toward me I knew

he recognized me, but I did not recognize him. He grasped my hand with

some kind of grip, and then quickly dropped it, and said: "Excuse me."His

eye was on a stick pin I was wearing, a pin my wife had given me. It was

a star and crescent. He recognized

this as a symbol of his order. He

gave me the grip, but when I did not acknowledge it, he dropped my hand immediately. A total stranger, but he

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA recognized a symbol and wanted to He exclaimed: "How can we introfoster fellowship. In some way we duce this into every city in the United

should have that same spirit in our States—this idea of carrying responsiquorums. The quorum should be so bility by each group in the city?"

united that we can help one another, "I do not know. You will have to

not only spiritually but also financially have some common interest,"I replied.

and in every other way. If we can get "I agree, but must that common inthat spirit of unity in our quorums, terest be a religious one?"he said.

then we are beginning to understand And I answered, "I do not know—it

the full meaning of our priesthood oris a religious one with us, and it works ganization in the Church. very well."

I repeat, while the bishop has no The organization of the Church is authority to go to the elder, seventy, or divinely appointed, and if we can just high priest to dictate, quorum memget it to work, it will be effective in a bers are still under his ecclesiastical ward of three hundred, in a stake of control and guidance. As ward memfive thousand in any country in all

bers, they are subject to him as to the the world.

payment of tithes, and they may be How are you going to apply this to called to an ecclesiastical position, home teaching?—the director of the

such as superintendent of Sunday ecclesiastical authority, the bishop of

School, MIA, and so forth, but in the the ward, the high priests, seventies, quorum work, they are subject to the elders participating? Just the same as

presidency of the quorum, and it is the we have emphasized the importance of right of that quorum to disfellowship the members of the quorum teaching a member if he is not living up to the their members, but with these brethstandards of the quorum. I recall one ren having the assistance of the Lesser

instance where a quorum of seventies Priesthood and all members working withdrew the hand of fellowship in the "For the perfecting of the saints, for quorum because a man was unworthy. the work of the ministry, for the edifyThey had no right to excommunicate ing of the body of Christ:

him, but they did have the right to "Till we all come in the unity of the withdraw the hand of fellowship until faith, and of the knowledge of the he made himself worthy. Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto

I remember a conversation with the measure of the stature of the fulMr. Charles Zueblin, an authority on ness of Christ": (Ibid., 4:1213.)

civic organizations. I was talcing him It is right to have the home teacher

out to show him the Davis and Weber carry his responsibility of looking after

County Canal System. Before we had the welfare of each individual. Asgone far, we were talking not about signments can properly be made so

canals but about the organization of that every man who holds authority, the Church. I pointed out to him: "On which comes by direct revelation, may

our right side is the First Ward, on recognize his ecclesiastical duties by our left the Ninth Ward. In these exercising the authority which he holds.

wards, we have priests, teachers, dea- I leave my blessings with you. God

cons, each presided over by a presibless you and give you inspiration in dency."I explained the organization bringing the spirit of this new program,

of the Church ecclesiastically, and new assignment, to the entire Church, through the quorums. rejuvenating all our ward teaching with

He asked: "How do you keep your this Home Teaching Plan, that every

people in these wards?"He assoindividual will be brought to a conciated the term "ward"with some kind sciousness of the priesthood which

of institution. comes direct from the Son of God.

I explained each had its responsiGod bless you, I pray, in the name bility. of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JULY 1963 615:eanographer

DENTIST METEOROLOGIST ACCOUNTANT ENTOMOLOGIST CHEMIST TEACHER DESIGNER ASTRONOMER THE

STATISTICIAN WRITER PHYSICIST MATHEMATICIAN PRESIDING

ANTHROPOLOGIST GEOLOGIST LIBRARIAN VETERINARIAN BISHOPRIC'S PHYSICIAN STOCKBROKER

METALLURGIST MARKET ANALYST PSYCHOLOGIST PHARMACIST PAGE

SECRETARY LAWYER ARCHITECT PHOTOGRAPHER

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY HENRY EYRING challenge in his daily work. Youth is the time to chart one's

course so that one's path will always lead toward higher

Each generation must meet its own special ground. Goals that are to remain challenging as one's powers

problems. Since I was seventeen as World wane must extend beyond mortality and beyond self. "This

War I ended, I missed the war itself but is the first and great commandment, thou shalt love the Lord observed its effects on friends and neighthy God with all thy might, mind and strength and the second bors. Many veterans returned from the is like unto it, thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."(See

war old beyond their years, matured by Matt. 22:3739.) The assurance of a life to come gives a meanstress and suffering. Promises to live ing to mortality that it cannot possibly possess without

better, made in the heat of battle, were this assurance.

often kept. In 1918, as the war drew to If I were you, I would resolve to live in such a way that I

its close, the great influenza epidemic had nothing to hide. There is no surer way to have nothing

swept over the world, striking down the to regret.

weak and the strong alike. This was the The earlier one can find a workable answer to Pontius

prelude to the booming twenties. Actually Pilate's question "What is truth?"(John 18:38) the earlier one

life went on much as it had done before can get out of the shoals of life and set out on the main voyage.

and as it goes on now. The old advised A very few sentences suffice to outline the simple philosophy

the young and were politely ignored, just that guides me. This magnificent universe operates according

"as now. I remember in 1919 an assembly to an overall plan. The Planner is so great he can be, and is,

at the University of Arizona in which interested even in me. Because of his interest, man is here

members of the Class of 1902 proffered according to a plan which is in accord with the divine purpose.

their advice to the students. As a budding Since it is obvious that individuals are born under unequal cirmining engineer it seemed to me that some cumstances and ordinarily fail to seem to receive justice in this

genuine fossils would have been much life, it is natural for me to believe in an immortality which more instructive and interesting. After all, achieves this justice. Since an allwise God can communicate

how could these oldsters understand the with man to man's advantage, such communication is to be changing problems of students twenty years expected. The Church of Jesus Christ as restored by the Prophet

their junior? Having learned nothing, I is this communicated plan which leads to eternal progress. Believnow tender my advice to you. ing in this overall destiny, I can still achieve it only by an

One never really grows old as long as infinitude of decisions made one at a time.

there are higher peaks still to be climbed. If I were you, I would get this master plan in mind, believing

If each day brings a new challenge with that if all the little things are done well, one by one, the big an opportunity to pit one's best efforts things will take care of themselves.

against a hostile environment life remains as interesting and stirring at sixty as at BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE twenty. "Ah, but a man's reach should Dr. Eyring is dean of the Graduate School and professor of chemistry

exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?"papersat the Universityin national ofjournalsUtah. andHe hashas publishedreceived Honoraryover threeDoctorhundredof

Plan big and accept defeat only as another Science degrees from Northwestern University, Princeton University, general board of the of the president step along the road to success. Fortunate andDeseretthe SundayUniversitySchoolof Utah.Union, Ahememberis presently the Ameriof

is the man or woman who finds such a can Chemical Society.

JULY 1963 617 "Star light star bright, first star I've seen tonight, that we do have with respect and not as if it were wish I may, wish I might, have the wish I wish a pocketful of loose change. Finance and romance

tonight."Wishing is a human pastime. Whether you don't just rhyme, they really go together. A new

wish on the first star of evening, or on seeing a white marriage, and also one not so new, will thrive better horse, or wish as you throw pennies into a fountain, if there is an understanding of and a respect for deep down inside there is a desire to obtain somemoney. Marriage, in order to be a compatible partthing without effort. Even if a genie could appearnership, must be two people planning moneyspend-

and grant you your heart's desire many of these wishes ing together.

would be as futile as the one a little girl made when A wish for prince charming to ride up the driveshe was given three wishes by her fairy godmother. way is empty if something more is not done about it.

She wished for three goldfish for her fish bowl. A girl can be beautiful, intelligent, and still not find

Resting in a hammock on a hot summer day seems that special him. She must learn to meet the world

to bring out the wishes in any one of us. These more than halfway and be sincerely interested in

wishes usually are for riches, romance, beauty, every part of it. To be popular, to have friends comes

or popularity. not from merely wishing but follows a person who

A desire to have adequate dollars for our needs lives by the golden rule—treating others as he would

always fails if all the effort is just put into the wishing. like to be treated. I remember a little fellow trying

There are many steps between the pauper and the to pull on his snowsuit on a wintry day, and when rich man. Knowledge, work, diligence are just a his mother asked him where he was going he replied,

few words to describe the difficult steps in earning a "I'm going to go up and down the street and ring living. As we sway in our hammock on this warm every doorbell until I find me a friend."We must

summer day, let's think of ways to treat the money do more than merely wish for popularity.

'V n *v?- i nrvn p/rv

"W-** fa** u *—"'lJ

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

tfnsSfc&iwSE

y

618 Suf

Is,.".'':. "*?::**

A wish to be beautiful should really be at the botinstrument then poke a brightcolored straw through hole. the is no such "There lists. Dior once said, our of tom

Plusses. Beat fruit such as strawberries, raspMilk ones who only the are womanthere as an ugly thing cold milk, sweeten in ice peaches bananas, berries, attractive."themselves to make how not know do

glasses. in tall pretty serve lightly, and let's get beautiful, to be sit and long not Let's

in the bottom of ice cream scoop a Place Floats. possibilities and do something Fancy our with acquainted

Fill cream.) ice of the flavor the (vary glasses of tall them. about constructive

Many of us are so lazy we are like the little boy with ice cold carbonated beverage. Pass the cheese

who prayed that Santa Claus would think he was a crisps.

good boy and bring him lots of toys. No goodlittle-

boy acts on his part, just wishing. It's all right to Basic Punch—20 punch cups

dream our dreams and wish our wishes, but eventually we must get up and do something. 1 (6 ounce) can frozen orange

Perhaps a summer day is a time to sit and wish, 1 (6 ounce) can frozen lemonade but before the whole summer is over let us sit and 1 (6 ounce) can frozen limeade think, then stand and do. The desire and wish must 1 quart water

come first, but then follow with a plan, then prepare, 2 tablespoons grated orange rind then produce, and your wishes will come true. 1 tablespoon grated lemon rind

1 quart ginger ale PATIO TREATS FOR A SUMMER DAY Combine all ingredients, except the ginger ale, and

Iced Lemonade garnished with mint and watermelon pour over ice cubes. Add the ginger ale just beballs. Make a hole through the balls with a sharp fore serving.

.,<*

ri/"n \ no

I ar\! I j, fu Jh /f I f] 1 1 /In fry (c)\ f<3 \ 1.1 U U LlV'li

srt 'a."8"

M02

.

Cranberry Sparkle—20 tall glasses Combine the lime juice, water, and Make sauce: Lightly brown 2

sugar to dissolve the sugar. Divide chopped cloves of garlic in 3 table-

2 pint bottles cranberry juice the sherbet between the glasses. Add spoons of cooking oil, add 1 pound

1 quart apple juice V3 cup of lime mixture to each glass can tomatoes, Vz teaspoon oregano, 1 ( 6 ounce ) can frozen lemonade then fill with carbonated beverage. Vz teaspoon Tabasco sauce, P/2

2 (6 ounce) cans other frozen juice Along with these deliciously cool teaspoons salt, dash of pepper, and 1 2 cups water drinks pass one of these tasty tidteaspoon of sugar. Mash or beat to

2 quarts of ginger ale or other carbits. The pinwheels can be made break up the tomatoes, simmer to

bonated beverage hours ahead of using. Store them, slightly thicken, and cool. Fill cenwrapped carefully in the refrigerters with the sauce and cover with

Add the water, cranberry juice, and ator. The cheese crisps can be thinly sliced Mozzarella cheese, dot

apple juice to the frozen juices. Beat baked, wrapped in aluminum foil or with chopped mushrooms or bacon

until dissolved. Add the carbonated put in tightly sealed plastic bags, crumbles and spoon on a little more

beverage and pour over ice cubes and stored in the freezer. sauce. Bake for about 15 minutes in

in tall glasses. Serve at once. a 425 degree F. oven. If you are in

Pinwheels a hurry roll the dough into a thin

Limies—12 tall glasses sheet, the size of a cookie sheet,

Trim the crusts from a loaf of uncover with the sauce and toppings, 1 cup sugar approximately sliced sandwich bread. Cut the and bake, and cut into squares while

1 cup lime juice loaf lengthwise into V* inch slices. still hot. Use kitchen scissors for

1 quart lime sherbet Spread with a combination of butter, cutting. These tiny pizzas can be

1 quart limelemon carbonated bevminced parsley, and minced green frozen; pack in a box between layers

erage onions. Line up a row of pitted of waxed paper or plastic wrap. Reripe olives or stuffed green olives heat before serving.

near the narrow end of each slice. For a quick, sweet treat try makRoll from the narrow end over the ing peanut clusters.

olives as for a jelly roll. Wrap and

chill. Just before serving place the Peanut Clusters

roll seam side down and slice.

1-6 ounce package of chocolate bits

Cheese Crisps Vz cup sweetened condensed milk 1 cup salted peanuts \}/z cups flour % teaspoon salt Melt the chocolate bits over hot

IV2 teaspoon dry mustard water on low heat. Remove from

Vz teaspoon paprika heat and add the sweetened con- 2 teaspoons caraway seeds densed milk and peanuts. Drop by

V2 cup grated sharp cheese teaspoonfuls onto wax paper. Chill

Vz cup softened butter thoroughly.

For a delicious summer dessert

Sift together the flour, salt, paprika, you can put in the refrigerator in and mustard, add the cheese and the just a minute make Chocolate \ caraway seeds and cut in the butter, Crunch Dessert.

sprinkle a few drops of water over mixture and form into a ball. ReChocolate Crunch Dessert. No cookfrigerate for 1 hour, roll to % inch ing.

thickness, cut in 4 inch strips, and bake in a 400 degree F. oven until Prepare 1 package of instant chocolight brown. Be careful not to bake late pudding according to directions

too much. on package. Fold in Vz cup chopped

peanuts and 1 cup bite size pieces

Tiny Pizzas of angel food cake. Chill and serve

topped with a. sprinkle of ground

Use a package of hotroll mix and peanuts.

follow directions for the first rising, then dip your fingers in flour and SUMMER TWISTS pinch off pieces of dough the size of a marble, roll into balls, and Quick sauce for Vegetables flatten on greased cooky sheet. The

flat disk will be about Vk inches in Blend V& cup of mayonnaise and 1 diameter, leave space in between tablespoon lemon juice in 1 can each one. Let rise again in a warm cream of chicken soup, heat over low

place for about 15 minutes. With heat. Stir in 1 tablespoon chopped

fingertip flatten centers leaving a pimento and serve over broccoli, aslittle rim around the outside. paragus, or boiled onions.

FRESH...FR0ZEN...H0

Serve sour cream dressing over cucumbers and tomatoes.

Blend commercial sour 1 cup cream, OR COMMERCIALLY PACKED

V2 package dehydrated onion soup mix, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and Your fruit will taste better when you use dash of pepper—delicious. pure, sparklingwhite U and I Sugar. Each

For lunch serve an oven pancake, bright crystal of U and I Sugar is sixway strawberries, cheese wedges, and ice cold milk. quality tested to bring out the natural sweet

flavor of everything it touches... especially

Oven pancake—tor 2 fruit. There's no better buy

than pure U and I.

3 eggs V2 cup flour Vi teaspoon salt V2 cup milk 1 teaspoon sugar 2 tablespoons melted butter

Beat the eggs with a fork and slowly blend in the other ingredients.

Pour into'a greased 10inch skillet.

Bake at 450 degrees F. for 18 minutes and then lower the temperature

to 350 degrees F. for about 10

minutes.

For a protein breakfast serve a tasty cheese sauce over a fluffy omelet.

Crumble crisp bacon over all.

Cereal for breakfast—Cook Cream of

Wheat in milk and stir in grated orange rind and sweeten with corn Their Flag Flewsyrup.

try oatmeal cooked brownOver of nuts, or a on Iwo ]ima a sprinklingsugar and dribble of honey topped with flaked cocoanut. Follow their

To add nourishment to dry cereal pour eggnog over it. tradition by flying

applesauce, Serve fruit such as pineyour flag on every peaches,strawberries, crushed apple on cereal. national, state and

Fruit for dessert. Seedless grapes local holiday.

served in chilled sherbet glasses with orange juice are refreshing. Always be

Try cantaloup balls in grapefruit juice or prunes soaked in orange a good juice.

For dessert you might garnish a American half of grapefruit with a sprinkle of brown sugar and minced mint.

As a quick dessert add raisins to chilled applesauce and top with a spoonful of whipped cream and chopped nuts.

Melons are with us for such a short season take advantage of them at any meal. For a taste treat fill a

chilled melon wedge with sweetened raspberries. Good! fibtm*

One of America's Great Newspapers

JULY 1S63 621

Church Moves On ( Continued from page 574 stinctive

Kenneth Edwin Tame. President Bindings Gee was serving as second counselor

to President Glade. Also released was

For a Permanent Elder Robert L. Stevens who was

Reference of The serving as first counselor. He is soon

Improvement Era to leave the stake.

Detroit Region of the Church For 12 issues in hand- J welfare plan was organized by some covers only $3.30. Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to

All orders should be the Twelve and managing director accompanied with 12 of that department of the Church.

The region is made up of Detroit, Improvement Eras and

Lansing, and Cleveland stakes.

payment in advance, plus postage for return With the approval of the First mail. Presidency the home teaching

committee of the Church was announced: Elder Marion G. Romney

FINE COMMERCIAL PRINTING SINCE 1850 of the Council of the Twelve as chairman, Presiding Bishop John H.

Vandenberg as vicechairman, and

Elder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve, as managing director; Elders Robert N. Sears,

John K. Edmunds, L. Brent Goates,

Heber J. Heiner, Jr., Z. Reed Millar,

Don H. Rasmussen, Donald Ellsworth, A. Lewis Elggren, Alma P.

Burton, Cecil E. Hart, M. Elmer

Christensen, Frank C. Berg, Thomas

THE CENTER OF r.,? S. Monson, Richard S. Summerhays,

CONVENIENCE Hugh C. Smith, Henry G. Tempest,

Z. Jr., George

Driggs, 'i JL NEW AMERICA Aposhian,Edward E.JuniusDrury,E. Ernest

COOOfA MOTEL D. Wright, Delbert F. Wright, Owen

G. Reichman, E. Coleman Madsen,

and Harold R. Boyer as members of

the committee.

MliJai"American Fork Stake was created from parts of Alpine (Utah) Stake with Elder Stanley D.

.AW... 43 6/uW. luw hJwm Roberts, former first counselor in

Alpine Stake, sustained as president.

Hamj hlmdj ImAiM Imti/L pool!; His counselors are Elders Fred

Bowen and D'Monte W. Coombs.

American Fork was first settled in the fall of 1850, and it became a bishop's ward on May 25, 1851.

BYU EDUCATION WEEK PUBLICATIONS American Fork Stake was organized under the direction of Elder Howard

FAMILY TOGETHERNESS - Some Suggestions for Home Nights W. Hunter of the Council of the

President Harvey L. Taylor 50c Twelve and Elder William J. CritchWHAT IS A TEMPLE? Dr. Hugh Nibley 25c low,the Twelve.Jr., AssistantIt is nowto thethe 376thCouncilstakeof

COMPLETELY REVISED CATALOG FREE ON REQUEST of the Church.

Elder Homer F. Royle was susPlease Send 5c Per Publication for Postage tained as president of Alpine Stake

with Elders Leland F. Priday and

BYU EXTENSION PUBLICATIONS PresidentReid G. BurgessPhil D. asJensenhis counselors.who was

YOUNG HOUSE - PROVO, UTAH

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA released as stake president was recently appointed as president of the enjoy a

Scottish Mission.

Stake from Alameda was created new way of life Po'catelloparts (Idaho) of North

Stake with Elder Homer S. Satterfield, former second counselor in with yearround

North Pocatello Stake, sustained as president and Elders K. Holley

Myers and Delbert E. Fannin as hiscounselors. The stake was organized Natural GAS

by Elders Spencer W. Kimball and

Nathan Eldon Tanner of the Council of the Twelve. Statistically it is AIR

the 377th stake now functioning;

alphabetically it is the first stake ofthe Church, having taken that place CONDITIONING from Alaska Stake. ililll

A MISSIONARY'S THOUGHT BY MARY VICKERS HUDSPETH

Today, I planted a seed of truth In fertile soil;

Now, I wait Through the soft rain Of man's inherent goodness And the warm sun Of eternal love For a sign of growth; Enjoy Complete Home Natural Gas Air Conditioning

And pray this summer. Say goodbye to uncomfortable heat.

That strong roots support The first tender shoots; You'll have less cleaning to do

And bear testimony No moving parts to wear out

That it may flourish Silent operation

And wax strong And blossom And spill its own seed Again into fertile soil.

go modern Elder Austin H. Richins was sustained as president of North Pocatello Stake succeeding President

Jared O. Anderson. President Richins'counselors are Elders Rulon J.

Stuart and Norman G. Reeoe. Elder

Alton M. Alexander was released as

first counselor with President AnderCos is Best son.

Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant Fordetails on "COMPLETE HOME"Natural Gas Air

to the Twelve, and managing direcConditioning, contact your local Mountain Fuel tor of the Church welfare plan orSupply Company office.

ganized the Chicago Region of that program. The region includes Chicago, Chicago South, and Milwaukee MOUNTAIN FUELstakes. SUPPLY COMPANY

AfccOu/iM Gad, SERVICE

JUl V 1963 a The Privilege to Work at attractive prices. Blankets and tributions personally, a telephone

is a Gift"robes of high quality are likewise call will bring a truck to your door.

available at prices which are diffiWhen you buy new furniture or ( Continued from page 589) cult to equal. The Deseret Industries appliances, give the old ones to

stores also furnish these products Deseret Industries. When your

large family reported: "You know, to Belief Societies for selling in children outgrow their clothes or

this store has saved our marriage. the wards. their toys, when you clean out your

It seems we were constantly bickerWhen anyone buys an item from closets, when you replace your hand ing over money matters, but since the Deseret Industries, he is not mower with a power model, rememwe have discovered the Deseret Inonly benefiting himself but is also ber Deseret Industries.

dustries stores, for the first time in supporting this wonderful program. This summer Deseret Industries is

years we are able to make ends As the manager of one of the stores observing its silver anniversary—

meet."said, "Because of the program there twentyfive years of highly beneficial

"People comment on my fine is just no need for any of our people service to the handicapped of the clothes and wonder how I can afto be shabbily dressed or to be going Church. In some respects it has

ford so many different dresses,"one without things they really need. Any proved to be perhaps the most sucwidow remarked. "I'm proud to family that has to watch its dollars, cessful part of the great church

tell them that I get my clothes and that includes most of us, would welfare plan for in it recipients are from a very exclusive store that do well to become acquainted with themselves doing work to produce sells only one of a kind—the Deseret the Deseret Industries stores."the money they receive. At the

Industries."But the lifeblood of the program same time, because they are perBrother Howard Barker, chairman is in the contributions'rriade by forming useful services, they are

of the General Deseret Industries members of the Church. Enough reaping a great harvest in joy and

Committee was conducting represengoods have come into the plants to personal development.

tatives from the Belief Society on a keep the workers busy. And They are realizing, as President

tour of one of the stores and offered enough of these goods have to be McKay said, "That the privilege to to buy each one of them a hat. Sister sold to meet the payroll and exwork is a gift, that power to work

Belle Spafford, general president of penses. In some areas members of is a blessing, that love of work

the organization, selected one that the Church are regularly called by is success."

cost thirtynine cents. She liked it so phone for contributions. In others,

well that she wore it many places, announcements of special drives are including a national women's conmade through the, wards. Some areas Address of Deseret Industries Stores

vention where she displayed it with have collection boxes where contribUtah: Salt Lake City, 44 South 2nd

pride as an example of Deseret Inutions may be deposited. Many West, 2234 Highland Drive, 4400

dustries production and of thrift individuals, even those outside the South State.

practices in buying. regular collection areas, in order to Logan,Ogden, 2552048SouthWashingtonMain Blvd.

A rug factory and blanket mill are lend support to the program, perProvo, 490 West Center operated by Deseret Industries in sonally bring their contributions to

Salt Lake City, and the products the stores or plants where they are California: Los Angeles, 2720 East

11th Street In graciously accepted. theproduced are handled any location by all of Colton, 725 South La Cadens

ifbranches. Fine, operating, the rugs earlyAmerican where program is

of many sizes, and colors can be had you are unable to deliver your conArizona: Mesa, 1020 West 4th Avenue

These Times appreciate the long struggle which Creator"with the unalienable right led to the enactment by the British to "life."The state and its govern-

( Continued from page 577) Parliament of the Habeas Corpus ment might well deny habeas corpus

Act of 1679. to men if they were beasts and aniheld, in Ex parte Milligan (1866), From habeas corpus, "the pedesmals. But to men, only by an intrieven when "rebellion or invasion"trian guarantee of liberty,"as a cate procedure referred to as "due

the public safety seems to require famed AngloAmerican jurist has process,"does it deny liberty to suspension of the writ, that the put it, flow, in actual reality and criminals. To deny liberty to racourts are still open to citizens to practice, most of the civil rights tional men would deny the finest

petition for the writ, even though "secured"by our constitutional conceptions of our experience.

the President (as Lincoln did) or system. So, when you think of "freedoms,"

Congress may be tempted to so But behind it, again, looms the think of details like the writ of authorize. fundamental religious conception of habeas corpus and all that lies

Every student should study and man as a being "endowed by his behind it.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ERA OF YOUTH Marion D. Hanks, EditorElaine Cannon, Associate EditorJuly 1963

A

n

You start by shaking hands because everything unique amateur production growing in stature that has anything to do with Mormons begins with with each season it's presented. This year the

a handshake. You are caught up in the mood of mostly Mormon cast of college students from The

the moment. You are glad you are a part of this College of Southern Utah will include Drew Morparticular event—glad you've been counted en, Boyd Redington, Lauritz Peterson, Wendel

among those present who are having such a memHeaton among many others performing under orable time, living the gospel, spreading it, shardirection of Fred Adams. It's all part of the basic

ing in it. It's the greatest. All those kids! desire of our people to have fun doing something

Everywhere you look—clean, goodlooking, smilconstructive, to make good use of time and talent

ing faces. Everyone seems so happy. Everyone while improving one's mind with Shakespearian

seems to have something to do—even if it's ivisdom and wit. Young people are responsible

simply shaking hands with someone he's just for elaborate scenery and costumes, between acts met or have known forever. entertainment of old English "dancing on the

It's the handshake that does it. The handshake green,"roving troubadours and costumed vendors

accompanied by the direct look and the warm grin of tarts and horehound which delight all.

makes fellowshiping fun even for the stranger Friends and memories amid artistic Japanese at a Mormon gathering. surroundings made the Honolulu Stake's sukiyaki

Maybe you are at a cultural event. Cultural supper a highlight in the lives of members, new

with a capitol "C"this time, for it's Shakespeare. converts, and investigators alike. Laurels and

You're out underneath the stars in a small southMia Maids prepared the food, the fellows preern Utah town, Cedar City. You're watching a pared the setting. There were exhibitions of

Elaine Cooper of Cedar City, Utah applies stage makeup on Carolyn Wadsworth of Hurricane, Utah for her role in Shakespeare drama.

Elaine Cooper and Carolyn Wadsworth and Shannon

Bryan of Cedar City, Utah provide atmosphere as old

English dancers in summer Shakespearean festival.

Thrilling moment for Carolyn Wynder when she received a copy of CORNER ON YOUTH from YWMIA President

Imogene Duce, right at Cardston, Alberta Canada all girls'banquet.

College Queen Cece Harrison gives am LDS glow to Bud

Collyer of TV fame.

Japanese dance and judo and karate by some of portunity to gain experience in leadership and the young MIAers. missionary work. They've had some lively and

And what an honor if your jauntings take wholesome (it's done all the time in Mormon you someivhere where you are in company with circles everywhere!) events including theme

one of the better knoivn Mormon girls... somedances where attendance, is mushrooming. Ofone like queenly Cece Harrison? She was just ficers are Joanne Parson, Judy Berrett, and Gail

recently awarded a special citation as Woman of Bangerter, and the group's fun fare includes all the Year on the Utah State University campus for youth from 14 to 18.

"leadership, personableness, and intelligence."In Cardston, Alberta, Canada, Imogene Duce

Cece has just finished reigning as National Colhad enthusiastic helpers in preparing an "All lege Queen, an honor which brought her much Girls"banquet recently. Imagine the delight of

attention and acclaim and gave her opportunity the party goers when the stake presidency showed to prove that Mormon girls are lovely to look at, up to serve the head table while other priesthood delightful to know, and capable of outstanding holders served the 4-00 others. Tears flowed freely

service to school and community. along with applause when one of the girls was

You're lucky if you get in on the gaiety of the presented a copy of Corner on Youth in honor "Teeners."They're an organization under the of her selection as the girl making the greatest

direction of the North Seattle Stake MIA board. strides on the evening's theme "Becoming Your

They're a special group of teens who are hustling Best."She is carrying the load of a large family's

to dispel cliques in the area, to welcome newresponsibilities in their motherless home and comers to the Church, and to give youth an opachieving at school and serving in Church as well.

Wholesome fun for all at typical "Teener"party peopled by Phil Creore, Dennis Peterson and Tom Stackhouse.

London Stake—British Mission production of "Promised

Valley"rated raves with Norma Pocock and Philip May as leads.

Something - wonderful happened at Ricks Colfrom members and friends. Marion J. Bentley

lege in Idaho this year. The student body there directed a large cast of young and older talented

is always happy to welcome new converts to the folk who included Philip May and Norma Pocock campus who come to further their education under in the lead roles. An impressive printed program

a spiritual influence. They always bring a sweet traced the Mormon pioneer trail acrpss the plains

spirit and faithpromoting stories with them to familiarize the English audience ivith the path which helps other church members grow in the to the promised valley in Utah. What fine entergospel. But this year Judy Crichton came after tainment in such wholesome company can do to

having been a member of the Church but a month. brighten a life!

Judy has never been able to hear, but she is learnSo whether it's a youth conference, an Exing to lip read and to speak in the "Helen Keller"plorer outing, a "special"night for Moms and method. She has won friends there through activitheir daughters, a production or a party, a dance

ties and fought a private battle of her own which or a drama, a testimony meeting or an allstake has endeared her to the hearts of all. She has "sing"you'll want to be in on the gathering.

her own special brand of missionary effort which You'll want to be doing some handshaking of your is very impresive as she tells her story of her own, some smiling at the strangers, some greeting conversion and her decision to leave familiar of good old friends, some chatting about what things in Maryland and journey out west. makes The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Promised Valley staged by London Stake and Saints different—including the fact that fellowthe British Mission ivon raves for five nights sniping and fun and personal growth are com-

(popular demand required an extra performance) patible factors of our functions.

Julie Scott, Gail Anderson, Lillian Scott, Merrilee

Eldridge and Audrey Connelly officer North Seattle

Stake's "Teeners."

Fellowshiping is fun for new member Judith Crichton, center and Cheri Reynolds and Sheme Martin, all of

Ricks College in Idaho.

Sukiyaki Supper in a Haivaiian setting for Honolulu

Stake members Jim Hallstrom, Kathy King, Charleen

Young andOrson Enos.

The Prophet Joseph Seen Through the Eyes of Youth

THE INTRODUCTION

This is one revealing glimpse of the Prophet

Joseph Smith's public testimony, of his First Vision and of his later experiences. It is one of many

documents that vindicate the divine promise to the young Prophet a year earlier that he would have "power to be mighty in testimony."(D & C

100:10.)

THE WRITER

The writer, Edward L. Stevenson, was at this

time 14years-old. After he met the Prophet, he

joined the Church and participated in events in

Illinois. Missouri,Ohio, became and He later great power concerning the visit of the Father and of the First of Seventies Presidentsone Seven

and revisited many of the sites of his youth. the Son, and the conversation he had with them.

Never before did I feel such poiver as ivas maniTHE EXCERPT fested on these occasions. (Reminiscences of

In 1834 after the organization of the Pontiac Joseph, the Prophet, SLC, 1893, pp. 4-5.)

(Michigan) Branch of The Church of Jesus Christ His countenance seemed tq me to assume a of Latterday Saints, we had the pleasure of havheavenly whiteness, and his voice was so piercing ing a visit from the Prophet Joseph Smith: a plain and forcible for my part, it so impressed me as to

but noble looking man, of large frame and about become indelibly imprinted on my mind. I do not

6 feet high. (The Prophet was then 28 years of wish to be understood that all present continued

age, ed.) to feel the conviction abide with them. But while

With him were his Father Joseph Smith and under its influence they were so deeply impressed

Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer, and Martin Harthat they could not gainsay it. Only 4 years ago

ris, whose sister Sophia Kellog lived in our settle- (when Stevenson was 66, ed.) while visiting that

ment. vicinity I ivas told by one of the neighboring

A great stir was made in this settlement at so settlers that one old gentleman who ivas then livdistinguished visitors. The meetings held were ing told him (and neither one of them had ever

crowded to see and hear the testimonies given joined the church) that he dared not say it ivas which were very powerful. I will here relate my not true. But said, "If it is true it will stand, if not

own experience on the occasion of a meeting in it will fall."(Journals of Edward Stevenson, 1, p.

our old log schoolhouse. 1920. Spelling corrected.)

The Prophet stood at a table for the pulpit I began to believe (speaking of his later exwhere he began relating his vision. And before periences with the Prophet, ed.) that the Prophet

he got through he ivas in the midst of the congrepossessed an infinity of knowledge. But there

gation with uplifted hand. I do believe that there was a very good reason for all of this. His rewas not one person present who did at the time scources (were) the Urim and Thummim, filled

being, or ivho was not convicted of the truth of with revelation and inspiration; also the Pearl

his vision, of an angel to him. (Journal, Vol. 1, p. of Great Price, gave him advantages to bring the

1920.) Heavenly Worlds to view. I looked upon him as

In that same year, 1834, in the midst of many upon no other man, and I learned to love that large congregations the Prophet testified ivith great man of God. (Journals, p. 157.) tgm

itWhat does mean

BY CHERRY BUSHMANto be "Born Again"?

I live in a New England filled with many churches for spiritual insight. "Rather than God creating

built by our Puritan ancestors. It was part of man in his own image,"he said to me, "I believe

their worship to examine their lives for signs of that man has created God in man's image."This

God's saving grace and to confess to each other person is a modernday pagan, healthyminded the state of their salvation. We Latterday Saints and content to live by his own resources.

are similar, for we too stand each month and In religion, the healthminded are disciples of share our religious experiences. We are more inthe "power of positive thinking."They feel that.

clined, however, to talk about our convictions and the world and nature are essentially good; and

testimonies than we are to explain how we their religious experiences develop in a straightreached those convictions or to confess what forward way. They experience no doubts about

doubts and turmoil we are yet experiencing. themselves or about life or God. One such man,

I would like to suggest that just as important the Unitarian preacher Edward Everett Hale, as the physical acts of baptism and confirmation wrote, "Any man has an advantage, not to be is the spiritual experience of coming into relationestimated, who is born, as I was, into a family ship with Jesus Christ by being born again. In where the religion is simple and rational; who

fact, to my mind the spiritual renewal is the is trained in the theory of such a religion, so that central religious experience. he never knows, for an hour, what these religious

What does it mean to be "born again"? or irreligious struggles are"(quoted by William

You remember where the term "born again"James in The Varieties of Religious Experience, was stressed. Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews, was 1902, Lecture IV.) This is the onceborn man.

questioning Jesus about his Godgiven power to Most of us have felt simple happiness and a teach and perform miracles. Jesus answered him, sense of despair. Latterday Saints tend to talk

"Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man as if healthyminded, onceborn religious feeling be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."is the only kind sanctioned by the gospel because

Nicodemus then asked him what I once thought we are preoccupied with conviction and surety was a naive question, but one I now believe to be and the goodness of life. Many of us, therefore,

very profound, "... How can a man be born when are hesitant to talk about the process we went

he is old?... Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I through to reach that sense of goodness and truth.

say unto thee, Except a man be born of water I suspect that there are depths of melancholy and and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingquestioning still in most of us of the sort that dom of God."(John 3:3-5.) Alma and Paul talked about.

How can a man be born when he is old? The "sick souls"are those weighed down by

Students of religious psychology tell us that loss or suffering or simply irrational despair.

there are two kinds of people—the "healthySuch a man was Leo Tolstoy, the Russian novelist

minded"and the "sick souls"—and those who are of the last century. Although he was a prosperous

"sick souls"need to be "twiceborn"in order to landowner who had a devoted family and had find happiness and a unity within themselves. been a religious man, at one time in his life he

Let me give you some examples. A few weeks received an overpowering sense of the worthlessago I had some conversation with a healthyness of all existence. For three years he struggled

minded young scientist. He is a mountain climber with this melancholy, trying to regain a faith in

and a lover of nature, and to him all that is real God. Often he walked along the river bank conand meaningful in this world can be understood templating how to take his own life because that

with his mind and five senses. He has no need seemed the only remaining alternative. Then one

day in early spring when he was alone in the salvation. We are convinced of the existence of

forest, there came an awakening he described this God and feel ourselves part of a wider life than way: "Why do I look farther? a voice within me that of this world's selfish little interests.

asked. He is there: he, without whom one cannot (Mosiah 27:2428, Alma 36; William James, The

live. To acknowledge God and to live are one and Varieties of Religious Experience, Lecture XL)

the same thing.... Live, seek God, and there will If, however, these reactions are common to all

be no life without him."{Ibid., VIII.) Thereafter religious experience, we may ask why baptism

Tolstoy felt a gradual return of his moral energies and spiritual renewal within the Church of Jesus and will to live. With this renewal came a desire Christ are necessary. To my mind there are three

to serve others; and renouncing his aristocratic reasons. First, while we understand that all men

life, he began to live among his peasants and may receive peace and moral direction through worked with them on the land. This was Tolstoy's the Spirit of Christ, only through the gospel is

experience with secondbirth. this relationship with divine power made permaFrom scriptures we know other accounts of nent. We can be born into the kingdom of God

conversion. Particularly noteworthy are those of and have the Holy Ghost as a continual companion

Alma in the Book of Mormon and Paul in the New to guide us. We may become the sons of God, so

Testament. Both of these men, engaged in activiPaul tells us, and have communication with God

ties which warred against God's purposes, were throughout eternity. (Romans 8.) Secondly, bapstruck down in their paths. Alma says that he tism makes this spiritual infusion universally

suffered great torments of soul before the light available. The priesthood and the sacraments encame to him with the revelation that his sins were able us as a community of believers to extend

forgiven. Paul, too, saw a light that changed his our spiritual experiences to many other people.

his life and sent him to the Christian elders to be And finally, only in the gospel of Jesus Christ baptized. are we promised a knowledge of truth as well

From these accounts, a certain pattern as a feeling of personal wellbeing.

emerges. There is a period of evil or melancholy Too often we bridge over the dark places in

in the life of the "sick soul,"then an awareness our personalities and talk in a healthyminded of sin that turns him to divine help. The answer way about the "success,""progress,"and "efcomes in light and in a relief from sin. Thereafter ficiency"of our lives. Yet Paul and Adam remind

the man is given a sense of peace and the power us that a man is intrinsically divided between his to do good beyond his natural ability. natural and spiritual selves (Romans 7) and that

Most of us need two baptisms. One is the he must know the bitter in order to learn to prize

physical act of immersion and confirmation and the good. (Moses 6:55.) It would seem that the

the renewal of that act in the Sacrament of the Lord considers us creatures who need to be puriLord's Supper. The other is the emotional refied. Even if baptized, we need to experience in

nunciation of sin, despair, and sorrow and then a our maturity "this mighty change in heart"that rebirth into trust in God whenever we are conAlma talked about and "bring forth works in fronted by these feelings. righteousness."(Alma 5:14.) We need to descend

How should this second birth affect us? The into the depths of our own personalities with the

characteristics of conversion or rebirth as deLord, acknowledge our doubts and despairs and scribed by Alma are similar to those listed by open ourselves to his purging power.

William James, the psychologist of religious ex- I urge that we do not fear becoming twiceperience. First, we receive an infusion of the born souls. Tragedy, loss, and suffering come into

Spirit of God; we feel a sense of continuity beevery life at some time. We can ignore them and

tween ourselves and God, and we surrender ourremain healthyminded; we can lose ourselves in

selves to his control. Secondly, we feel forgiven despair over them and remain sicksouls, or we

of our sins and purified. This brings an immense may rely on the Lord and become born again.

elation and freedom, as our selfhood melts away. If we are twiceborn, we see through immediate

Thirdly, we have increased power to do good. Our failure and uncertainty to truth and goodness beemotional center has embraced the loving affecyond. We have greater insight than before into

tions, the strength of soul, the purity and charity the sufferings of others and a greater power to which characterize the saint. Fourthly, we gaindo good because we have resolved the basic dualspiritual knowledge pertaining to truth and to our ism in our natures.

RECENT CONVERTS I had nothing to look forward to in Being a member of the Church has life a great deal. Before I WRITE the way of religious worship. I was changed my

lucky though, I found a true friend. became a member, I wasn't doing everyOne who for all my bitterness could thing according to God's will. I was a

talk to me, pray for me, and have heavy smoker and drinker of coffee, tea, patience and understanding enough and alcohol. I paid little attention to

to stay close by. She told me of her God's commandments or anyone else's

church, The Church of Jesus Christ commands. The Church has set me

of Latterday Saints. She lived her straight on many things I was doing

religion constantly. Not once has she wrong. I obey the Word of Wisdom and

failed it. Soon, after a lot of praying all of God's commandments, and I am now

and study, I was baptized. much happier than I was. Perry Ashton

My life now has a purpose. I must Forty Fort, Pa.

strive for perfection. I had the

cleanest feeling when I was baptized, I was baptized by the missionaries a new me arose to live a new life, (after praying sincerely if this washed of my past, confident of my church were true) on a day which I future. Sandy Skaggs will never forget. On that day I began

Fresno, California a new life. A life of love, joy and

happiness. I cannot tell you how

When I joined the Church I learned it much this church means to me. I

was proper to bless one's food. Dad attend church every week, not bedidn't like it when I said my own cause I am told to do so, but because

prayer before each meal. But when he I want to attend.

wasn't there, my brothers and sisters James Campbell asked me to teach them to pray. They Shavertown, Pennsylvania

loved to hear about the Church and I told them everything I knew about it. My friends think I'm crazy because now

Darlene Collinge I don't drink liquor, tea, coffee, or

Vancouver, B.C., Canada smoke like I used to. But I have noticed

a few changes in them too—two of

This is the kind of church where you them have quit smoking and all of have something to carry you through them continuously ask questions about the week, not a church just for Sunthe Church. They always have plenty

day. The love that the members feel of milk at our jazz sessions now. (I'm

for one another is just beautiful. on the drums.) Ken Shaw

Paul Lawrence Campbell Victoria, B.C., Canada

The more you FELLOWSHIP the moreFELLOWSHIP FELLOWSHIP BY ELAINE CANNON there is

Which makes it worth any trouble anybody goes to to make someone feel welcome and wanted.

And it's just about the nicest thing that can happen to anybody! Being included in a clique

or a crowd is comforting. Being warmly received

into the church of one's choice should certainly be part of the whole spiritual experience. And

you can make it so.

Fellowshiping is more than mere recognition by the group.

It's more, even, than acceptance.

It suggests assimilation—becoming a part

of the whole in such a way that the whole wouldn't

be whole again without that part. activities, events—even casual conversation

Apply this to people, and it is easy to see that that will appeal and give opportunity to "shining"when YOU fellowship you must go to the trouble and service. The warmth in your manner, the

to find out some important facts about the newlight in your eye as you greet them each time, comer—facts like the easy graciousness as YOU take it upon yourself (someone else may never get around to doing

what does he/she dream for the future it! ) to introduce them to any and all you can...

what talents are hidden this will make them feel welcome and wanted.

what sports are preferred This is fellowshiping. And it isn't a one

what music, authors, and art time effort. -Nor is it a oneway street. The newwhat food, fun, and fashions comer has an obligation to respond, express apwhat's liked and disliked preciation, show an interest, stifle shyness, and

abhorred or adored make a few friendly fellowshiping moves on what's the family setup his/her own.

what personal problems to solve Remember... where your age level is conBut finding out isn't enough. Displaying this cerned, "more"is only "merrier"when everybody

much interest helps in and of itself. Go a step feels as if he/she truly belongs.

further, though, and involve the newcomer in You can make it happen in your world.

mmjiu i i iiiMini ii iii,"BY ALAN AND SHIRLEY CUTLER

alan If someone were to ask you, "What was dream dreams": (Acts 2:17.)

the greatest moment in your life"—what would alan This is an exciting challenge, one we must

you say? prepare to accept. The Lord adds "and my people

Elder Sterling W. Sill asserts that that moshall never be ashamed."(See Rom. 9:33.) With

ment will be fulfilled on the resurrection day. the encouragement of our bishoprics and missionWhat an exciting day that will be aries laboring in this area, a great project has

Picture with me, if you will, that been undertaken by the youth of the Church—

great day and imagine hoiv joyful it will be for sharing the gospel, and thus showing our Heavthat person who in this life had loved the gospel enly Father that we are truly not ashamed of so much that he ivas willing to share it with his gospel.

others. He will be reunited with dear friends shirley We have had the privilege of having

and loved ones who, stripped of worldly sophisseveral of our friends in our home to hear the tication, will share a most beautiful relationship missionary discussions and as a result we feel of genuine love and admiration for one another our home has truly been blessed.

and for the gospel. One of the highlights, I think, was when we

But imagine how sad and dismal that day will knelt with the missionaries in a prayer circle be for that person who, having kept the gospel with two contacts, Mary McWade and Brian to himself in this life, will have no one to rejoice Patterson. Mary is here tonight, a baptized memwith him in the next. ber of the Church and a very sweet and wonderful

alan Our Heavenly Father in his great wisdom girl. The spirit of the Holy Ghost was so strong

knew this and for this reason has spoken through as we knelt in that prayer circle, it ivas as though his Prophet David 0. McKay in calling upon a hand ivas resting on our shoulders, filling us

every member of The Church of Jesus Christ of ivith peace. That night as ive shook hands in deLatter-day Saints to accept the calling to be a parting, ive looked into each other's eyes and saw

missionary. The Lord explains that this is so new understanding and happiness there.

"that the fulness of my gospel might be proalan This and other similar experiences made claimed by the weak and the simple unto the ends Shirley and I realize that people come to a knowof the world."(D&C 1:23.) Shirley and I both ledge of the truth by the whispered prompting

feel that we at least qualify in this respect. of the Holy Ghost and not by the words that we

shirley The Lord was speaking to you and to speak. For this reason, we must prepare ourme when he told hoiv in the last days "I will pour selves to carry this Spirit with us wherever we go.

out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and shirley It ivas amazing how many of our

your daughters shall prophesy, and your young friends, after having the gospel presented to men shall see visions, and your old men shall them, exclaimed, "It is so logical."They had to

The Rewards

of Missionary Work

admit to themselves how beautifully all the parts able: "Well then, where do you get your authority

of the gospel fit into one great plan. This was to preach?"For the next three hours, I presented

truly a testimony to us that the "plain and prechim with all six lessons rolled into one exciting ious parts"spoken of in the Book of Mormon story. Although Brian had beliefs of his own, he

have once again been restored to the earth. Latwas sincere enough in his desire to know the

terday Saint young people should remember this truth that he was willing to listen to me. After

when asking their friends to listen to their mesthree wonderful weeks of discussions and prayer, sage. They should never be afraid that their Brian asked to be baptized.

friends might be embarrassed. Brian and I have been corresponding regularly

alan Our message would not be complete withand I would like to read you part of a letter I out telling you the story of Brian Patterson. just received from him. It reads, "My conWhile working this summer, I found myself victions and faith are getting so strong that I

shoveling dirt with a husky, good looking kid, a feel as if I am going to burst. I want to know why

year or two younger than myself. Striking up a people believe and why they don't. I want to

conversation, I found that he was in California listen to all of them. If they do believe and are

working for the summer, but lived in Kansas. As looking for the truth I will talk to them for hours,

I talked with Brian, I sensed that he had a sincere because we can bolster our faith this way. I

desire for knowledge. Although a straight "A"have run into all kinds of obstacles—more than

student in high school and an allleague football I thought—but it's worth every minute of it."

star, I knew that there was something missing Shirley and I have cherished every minute of in Brian's life. I asked him what his plans were it, for the happiness that these experiences have

after graduation, and did he surprise me with his brought into our lives. Our testimonies burn

answer. "A missionary,"he said, "I want"to be within us with such great fervor that it is hard

a missionary."Probing further, I found that to contain. But the message we want to bring is

Brian was president of his Methodist youth group why we feel the way we do. All this joy is to be

back in Kansas and that his older brothers were had when we realize the precious gift we have in presiding over statewide Methodist activities. the gospel and begin to share it with others. The

After high school he planned to attend a school gospel is something you don't really have unless of theology and work for a degree in order to you give it away.

preach. Not to be outdone, I told him of my plans shirley It is our sincere prayer that all of us

to go on a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ might heed the words spoken by the Prophet in of Latterday Saints, and slyly added that I didn't fulfilling the calling to be a missionary and allow need a theology degree. This assertion drew the others to share in the blessings and experience

desired response. His next question was inevitthe joys of thegospel.

ARE YOU IN "THE KNOW"PARTY?

BY PHYLLIS ROUNDY

Today much emphasis is placed on the gospel and group. (Mulekites or People of Zarahemla—ref.

missionary work. From the growth made by the PINKDOCTRINEOmni 1:14.) AND COVENANTS

Church it is now a "worldwide"church. As the 1) Who restored the Aaronic Priesthood to Joseph

youth of the Church, you are not only meeting Smith? (John the Baptist—ref. D&C 13.)

where of the and state town the name What is exchange students and people moving into Mor- 2) were brother Smith and his Joseph Hyrummon communities, but you are going away to and killed? (Carthage, Illinois—ref. D&C 135.)shot

school or on missions. Here is a game that might 3) The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

help stimulate an interest to have more knowledge was originally organized with how many members? (six—ref. D&C 21.)

than is found in the Standard Works of the 4) Name the day and year the Aaronic Priesthood

Church. was restored. (May 15, 1829—ref. D&C 13.)

As the guests arrive give each one a biblical 5) By what name do we call the revelation that adname tag and a colored tag with a question taken vises(Wordusof notWisdom—ref.to use tobaccoD&C 89.)or strong drinks?

from the Standard Works written on it for each GREEN—PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

guest. Have all the guests spend five to ten 1) A millennium is (1) five hundred (2) one hundred

minutes searching in the Bible, the dictionary (3) ten thousand (4 one thousand years? (One

7:65.) Moses of GP, thousand P years—ref. part, about the biblical name they are wearing. his first vision? have Smith did Joseph 2) What year

Then have each person introduce themselves to 1820—ref. P of GP, Joseph Smith 2:14.)

the group as the biblical name and tell something 3) By whom was Joseph Smith baptized? (Oliver

P of Cowdery—ref. themselves they discovered in (which about—baptized? ever 4) Was Adam GP, Joseph(Yes—ref.Smith 2:70.)P of GP, Bible) taking one minute. the about 6:6465.) Moses

The colored tags should have a color for each BLUENEW TESTAMENT book you wish to use. All those with the same 1) Just before Jesus was betrayed he prayed in a

color of tag could get together in designated garden. Name the Garden. (Gethsemane—ref.

place where books have been previously placed 2) Matt.The resurrected26:36.) Christ asked three times, "Lovest

and work as a team to answer their questions. thou me?"to which Apostle? (Peter—ref. John

Allotted time and points per correct question an21:1517.)

swered could be one method of scoring. 3)—ref.Name Lukethe mother1:1-60.)of John the Baptist. (Elisabeth

EXAMPLES of Questions 4) Name the three apostles who were with Jesus at

YELLOWBOOK OF MORMON the Transfiguration. (Peter, James, John—ref.

17:1-8.) Matt. Christ of a darkcrucifixion the of the time 1) At in the sign sky at the birth of appeared What Nephites. of the land the How 5) upon ness came Matt. 2:22.) Jesus? (Star—ref. last? (Three darkness did the long days—ref.

3 Nephi 8:2023.) REDOLD TESTAMENT

2) What man and his family joined Lehi and his 1) We often see, as a reminder of the covefamilymael—ref.to 1journeyNephi 7:1-6.)into the wilderness? (IshnantagainthatdestroyGod madethe earthto Noah,by flood.that he(Rainbow—ref.would never

3) What was the name of the son of Mosiah who Gen. 9:8-17 "bow.")

led a mission to the Lamanites? (Amraon—ref. 2) What man did Joshua succeed as the leader and Alma 17:1619.) prophet in Israel? (Moses—ref. Deut. 34:9.)

4) At the birth of the Savior two signs were given 3) Name the mother of Jacob and Esau. (Rebekah

to the Nephites. Name the two signs. (A new star ref. Gen. 25:2028.)

appeared, it was light all night—ref. 3 Nephi 4) Two books in the Old Testament are named after 1:1521.) women. Name them. (Ruth, Esther—ref. Bible.)

5) A group of the people mentioned in the Book of 5) When the people built the tower of Babel how did

Mormon migrated to this continent about the same the Lord punish them? (Confounded their lantime that Lehi and his group did. Name the guage—ref. Gen. 11:9.)

ifrrr AN ALLAMERICAN MISSIONARY

BY BOB DAYNES took advantage of opportunities in church and

It was basketball season! There was an air of school to work in leadership positions. He inexcitement as "The Star Spangled Banner"was dulged in good hard summer work. He is always

played. Then as the announcer read their names, willing to work hard and to support his leaders

each team member bounded onto the floor. First in whatever instruction they may give him. He

came a center, tall, lean, and accurate, two for-, knows that his attitude determines the time it wards, quick to shoot, with great rebounding will take him to adjust to the life of a missionary.

ability, and finally the two guards, not as tall but fast, and deadly when shooting from the out- A Guard—Physical Conditioning

side. The team's outstanding strength and This squad member will not tire, for he underbalance had been gained through extensive prepastands that the physical and mental strains upon

ration and conditioning. There was no weak a missionary are great and that he must know

link; each member of the squad was allimportant. how to take care of himself. He has taken adThis was the nation's number one basketball vantage of chances to participate in church and

team—an allAmerican team. school athletics and has established wellbalanced

It is the missionary season! What makes an eating and sleeping habits.

allAmerican missionary? Just about the same

thing. Preparedness, balance, good coaching—At Forward—Learning

it is the missionary with these in his favor who This forward never misses his free throws, for scores the last second points for victory! He, too, he has taken advantage* of his schooling to learn

can have no weak links in his character. A misto concentrate and study, which is so important

sionary with the following team of resources to a missionary. He has studied other cultures

would seldom find himself sitting on the bench and gained an appreciation for people of other lands. He worked especially hard to master the

At Center—Spirituality sciences of communication such as English,

This center rarely misses a shot. He developed speech, and foreign languages, which would help

himself through taking advantage of good coachhim to communicate with people.

ing by regularly attending church, seminary, and institute classes. He established a daily schedule At Forward—Sociability

of fifteen to twenty minutes of gospel study and Often the high point man, this squad member discovered that by reading approximately six has participated in the many programs of church pages a day he could read through all four of the and school which have helped him to develop standard works in a year's time. He learned to socially. He knew that this would broaden his

pray and to communicate with his Father in understanding of human nature and help him to heaven in sincere and regular prayer v He realized be more at ease with people.

the importance of being able to obtain the help of Yes, it is the missionary season. There is an

the Lord and to understand the principles through air of excitement when a person gets a mission which he works. call. He wants to be tops; he wants to do his very

best. This team of resources will score for him

A Guard—Attitude if its mascots are virtue and humility. Be it the

This player won't foul out because he prepared court or the field, coaching, preparation, and himself through accepting responsibilities. He balance make the allchurch.

The Last Word

No matter how stony the path, some The end of life is to be like forge to the front; no matter how God, and the soul following

easy the going, some lag behind. God will be like him.—Socrates

When the neighbor's son came in to borrow a pair of scissors, he was asked if his mother did- n't have a pair herself.

"Oh, yes,"was the enthusiastic reply, "but hers don't cut tin."—J. J.

Every man is a hero and an What's the difference between an When you encounoracle to somebody, and to that orange and an elephant?... I ter stumbling stones

person, whatever he says, has don't know... I'd sure hate to along the way, step

an enhanced value.—Emerson send you to the store for oranges. on them and go ahead.

To live well in the quiet routine of life, to fill a little space because God wills it, to go on cheerfully with a petty round of little duties and little avocations; to smile for the joys of

others when the heart is aching—who

does this, his works will follow him.

He is one of God's heroes.—Farrar

Kindness is the golden The best example of perfect chain by which society is security is a man serving a bound together.—Goethe life term in federal prison.

fe*:'".i.--,,- i fe:, SpiiWI

What's that stuff you're spreadThe older generation thought ing on the flowers?... It's nothing of getting up at five

elephant repellent... But there o'clock in the morning—the

aren't any elephants in the enyounger generation doesn't tire U. S.!... Effective, huh? think much of it, either.

HONEY

FULL OF FRESH COUNTRY

Taste it! The golden healthful honey in Nabisco Sugar

Honey Grahams. The freshfrom-thecomb honey in

every crisp, delicious bite. And here's the rich malty

flavor of real graham flour in all its natural goodness

Taste what makes this graham so great... so satisfying, it's America's favorite betweenmeal cracker.

Try the economical 2-pound package,

NABISCO SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah How much

.. life insurance is enough

to make sure you can enjoy those "Golden Years?"

Ask the man who really knows: Your Beneficial Life Agent. He can help you provide

retirement income that will mean the difference between enjoying life to its fullest and merely existing. For reliable counsel on your life insurance program, call your local

Beneficial Life agent... or write Dept. E 63 -7

Now with over 580 million dollars of life insurance in force.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

l H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah \Qy