APRIL 1954

ELDER THOMAS E. McKAY

KITCHEN PORTRAIT BY

"-:''',r

BACKGROUND FOR MODERN LIVING

A PRODUCT OF GLADDING, McBEAN & CO

TILE TALK BY YOUR the cracker ttaf -features

HERMOSA TILE CONTRACTOR The lucky lady pictured at the left doesn't have to "come out of the kitchen"to join family and guests. For, thanks to

smart planning, the kitchen has made friends with the rest of the house. No

longer does the modern homemaker scurry breathlessly between dining room, living room and kitchen in her threeway role of cook, maid, hostess.

Club Crackers by Purity have Exciting new things are happening to.. rich 'ntoday's kitchen. Its "servants"come a fresh, new flavor.

built in. And they're far more efficient, buttery... and a crisp, flaky

too: The automatic dishwasher; the oven

built into the wall and vented so that heat texture.

doesn't escape into the kitchen; the You'll love their smart new

home freezer; the garbage disposal unit

the electric refrigerator; the infrared shape, too!

broiler; and, of course, beautiful, easyto-clean Hermosa Clay Tile.

Hermosa Tile makes life easier for you—whether you prefer the new communicating kitchen or the traditional

dining room and separate kitchen. This

modern ceramic tile saves hours of backbreaking scrubbing, cleans as easily as your favorite china. Moreover, when

you take a pie out of the oven or a pot off the range, you can put it right on the counter. Hermosa's DuraGlaze surface

will not burn, blister or scratch.

It's easy to achieve a beautiful kitchen or bathroom with this versatile material.

Your Hermosa Tile contractor will be happy to show you the complete line of colors and designs; show you how this

fadeproof, wearproof, timeproof material brings new efficiency, leisure and beauty into your home. You can depend,

too, upon his knowledge of tile and his skill in applying it.

For other color illustrations dramatizing Hermosa Tile kitchens and bathrooms, write for Gladding, McBean's folder,"/ never knew what tile could do!"

For your free copy, simply address

GLADDING, McBEAN & CO.

2901 Los Feliz Boulevard, Los Angeles 39 other offices: San Francisco

Portland Seattle Spokane Phoenix PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Poeatello

APRIL 1954 209 YOUR GENEALOGICAL HEADQUARTERS

BOOKCRAFT AND THEIR DEALERS

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Tn the fall the monarch butterflies migrate from the northern areas of the United States and Canada to warmer climes. Those on the northwestern

coast, including Alaska, migrate to a pine grove near Monterey Bay in Pacific

Grove, California, where they are protected by law. This they have been

doing for over a hundred years. Their

eastern migrations go to the states borREGULAR TEMPLE RECORD BINDERS deringleave Pacificthe GulfGroveof Mexicostarting states.the endTheyof

Gold embossed temple binders for Salt Lake, Idaho, California or Arizona. March in small groups, those for

Designed to forms. genealogical accommodate

. leatherette cover. Black or brown pO.UUj.q -** Alaska first. The monarchs lay their Each.. A grand gift!

eggs during the summer on milkweed

DELUXE BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE plants.

Beautifully and durably made. Strong metal hinge for lasting service. Come of the geologically ancient shelled

Attractively colored leatherette rust, blue, covering black—and

shells up reinforced to Heavily safely protect throughout family your white. to fifteencephalopodsfeet long.had conical (i.jr.pJ.UU records years. genealogical and forms for

NEW BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE Prom 1450 to 1500 A.D. about 35,000

Bookcraft and it's dealers offer the ultimate in an inexpensive, yet durable books were printed in all of Europe.

starter binder. Constructed of stunning simulated leather and +m *** Between 1450 and 1640 A.D. over 20,000

gold embossed for lasting beauty. Only... *P vJU printed works appeared in English and

on English soil, according to Mario Pei.

GENEALOGICAL SUPPLIES BINDERS: in black or brown ($3.00 retail) PACKETS: $1.00 Ccholars have estimated that there is

Arizona Temple Idaho Falls Temple sonal record, 3 picture pedigree standards in about onefourth of all the family No. group, 15 pedigree 2—50 the words two branches of Engwhich

pedigree No. 3—65

lish in hold common. family No. group 4—65

DELUXE BINDERS: ($5.00 retail in black,

blue, rust, white) OTHERAcetateSUPPLIES:Sheets (35c each) '"The average lifetime of the red cells

retail) Charts Lineage includes ($1.50 days. 120 in blood is To human set of 16 charts. Divine authority

SHEETS: cells a of blood the number up Authorities to from Savior, keep General

Family Group ($12.00 per M) also progress chart. human adult produces about 140 milBook of Remembrance Guide Sheets ion new cells a minute.

Pedigree Charts ($12.00 per M) ($1.00 retail) 10 sheets including

Family History ($12.00 per M) Sacred Memories, Our Married life,

Families, Our Children, Our Life Tt appears that cork has been known as Personal Record ($12.00 per M) Stories, Friendship Favorite Garden,

Plain Bond (light) ($10.00 per M) Poetry and Stories, etc. a usable material since as early as

Picture Pedigree (35c per dozen) LargeeightPedigreegenerationsChartof forancestors.displayingCafrom400 B.C.the evergreenMost of corkthe oakssupplyfoundcomesin

Heavy Bond Mounting (25c per dozen) pacity, 255 names. Price 25c. Portugal, Spain, North Africa, and

southern France. The forested areas

combined are about the size of the state of New Jersey. The cork is the

outer bark which is stripped, without injury to the oak, every nine years.

Good cork is not obtained until the third harvest. A cork oak lives about a

century and produces 50 to 500 pounds BOOKCRAFT1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah of cork each harvest. Half the world's

Order From Your Local Dealer supply of cork is processed for insulation.

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA extra boost that makes POfCR HEmRINO * gives you an light work of any task, for with "Power Hearing"you can listen while you work! It's easy—and fun—because you can

breeze around the house, inside or out, and never miss a word or note. Tune in—enjoy yourself all day long—

tune to KSL Radio, where the West listens most.

"Power Hearing, sometimescaMed "Radio,"is optional equipment available at no extra cost in homes and cars. 98% of all homes, and 92.4%

of all postwar cars are equipped with Power

Hearing.

APRIL 1954 211 \Jfhcial \ Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT TIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCAJfie MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Jhe Church of

sjesit5 Lhnit

of cLatteraau -Salnti rv VOLUME 57 NUMBER 4 jLd 1954

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR - Manuscript Editor: IRIS PARKER

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN CLAUDES. HARRIS,B. PETERSENJR. - HUGHSIDNEYNlBLEY B. - SPERRYLEE A. PALMER Jhe douef

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

- Advertising D. GILES Business Manager: JOHN of colored our presentation Continuing Director: Subscription A. GLEN SNARRDirector: VERL F. SCOTT

this portraits cover leaders, our of Church month is a recent picture of Elder Thomas

E. McKay, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve. Elder McKay was sustained in

The Editor's Page thisApril position1941 generalthirteenconference.years ago(Seeat alsothe

Walk in the Light President David O. McKay 221 page 224.)

Church Features

Your Question—"There Are Some Standing Here..."

OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND Elder Thomas E. McKay....Joseph.CliffordFieldingE. YoungSmith 223224 Street Main 50 North

America President McKay Visits Missions in Latin

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 228 Y.W.M.I.A.Y.M.M.I.A. Offices,Offices, 4050 NorthNorth MainMain St.St.

New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study—Part 6..Hugh Nibley 232 Salt Lake City 1, Utah Genealogy—The Living, First Ivie H. Jones 243

CorporaFunds, Copyright Mutual by 1954 Priesthood Melchizedek 218, 266 Church Moves On 216 tion Inc.,Improvementa Mutual Young of the Men's Softball Office Presiding Bishopric's 218 268 of Christ of of Jesus Association the Church

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

Special Features subscriptions,single copy. $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Entered Utah, City, Office, at the Post Salt Lake secondclass mailing for matter. Through the Eyes of Youth—"Be Somebody, Abe"as Acceptance

special section for in rate provided of postage 2, July 1103, authorized 1917, Act of October To Help Guide Our Youth—Choosing a Vocation...La Preal Wight 227 at1918.

Antone K. Romney and Henry L. Isaksen 230 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unFour Visits in Hopiland (First of two parts)...S. Dilworth Young 236 Allsolicitedmanuscriptsmanuscripts,must bebutaccompaniedwelcomes contributions.by sufficient

In the Steps of Abraham—Part IV Stanley Kimball 238 postage for delivery and return.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 252, 256, 260, 264 Change of Address

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. This I Believe, Reed W. FarnsFifteen days'notice required for change of adinclude please dress. ordering change, a Harris, Jr. When 210 wortn 222 of slip the magazine. recent issue from a address These Times, Asia and the Future,

old unless the cannot changes be made 288 'Address 214 Your PaSe and urs G. Homer Durham is included. well as the address one as new

Today's Family Know Your LDS Cooks—Food is Openshaw 281

If My Hobby, Romania Hyde 276 Woolley TimeI Wereis Growingin My Teens—TeenTime, CaroNational Advertising Representatives

It's Fun To Make Bunnies, Rose A. line Eyring Miner 282

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building ies, Poetry San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Blvd. Wilshire 1324

17, California Angeles Handcarts Westward—Part 2 Helen Kimball Orgill 234 Los

Spring is a Melody Dorothy Clapp Robinson 240 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Night Into Dawn Irma Hegel 244 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

Brief Frontispiece, Vision, Child Vesta and Dandelions, Lukei..265 Nickerson DAVIS & SONS

Fuller 219 Nature: Ethel Romig Simple Gift, LaPreal A N. LaSalle 30

Poetry Page 220 Mickelson 271 Chicago, IllinoisSt.

Myself, Mae M. McAllister 261 Spring Garden, Mary Lucretia

These Things I Love, Ruby Zagoren..263 Barker 287 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA orangeAnewfrozen Juicepie!

'Easy! Has a wonderful

Orange Juice flavor!

Evenin themeringue!"

THoAXiaTC FROZEN ORANGE JUICE PIE All measurements are level. Sift flour before

measuring.

Measure out and save 2 tablespoons juice from 1 can (6 oz.) frozen orange juice, undiluted

Place remaining juice in a saucepan and add 1 can water (34 cup) 2 tablespoons butter SPERRY Bring to a boil. Meanwhile, blend with a rotary

beater until smooth guarantees you'll Vz% cupcup cornstarchsugar 2 egg yolks, unbeaten get perfect results Then1 canslowlywaterstir (%intocup)boiling liquid. Bring again

to a boil and cook 2 or 3 minutes, stirring constantly, until mixture is smooth and thickened.

Pour into It's amazingly easy! Just follow Martha a baked 9-inch pie shell

is until cool. stand Let Just before servingMeade's easy recipe on this page and use fillingBlossom spoon Orange Meringue in moundsSperry Drifted failureproof the Snow, pie. of edge Place around broiler until under

golden is a meringue deep brown, flour. 1 minute. about find don't If you that Drifted Snow

as this Watch carefully topping burns verybakes better than other allpurpose any flour, is quickly. It this serve to best pie within an

send grocer's sales slip to Sperry Flour, hour or two as this type meringue may "water"

San Francisco 6, and get double your slightly upon long standing. 6 servings.

ORANGE BLOSSOM MERINGUEmoney back.

into the Measure top part of a double boiler 2 egg whites, unbeaten WANTED: YOUR INTERESTING RECIPES 2 tablespoonsorange juiceundiluted frozen

salt sugarfor Fruit Cobblers, Shortcakes, Puddings at rotary beater Vzhighcup with over boilspeed

Tortes.and Send them to Martha for Meade's BeatingVswaterteaspoon 2 minutes. Then remove from heat

Recipe Exchange Club and become a charand continue beating 2 or 3 minutes longer until ter member of this fascinating new club mixture forms soft peaks. PASTRY

bowldevoted to sharing and exchanging recipes. Measure into a mixing

Membership blank and details in Sperry Vz cup shortening Vz teaspoon salt

Drifted Snow Flour sack. Join today! Blend3 tablespoonsingredients coldtogetherwaterwith a fork until

Valuable coupon for Queen Bess pattern Thenshorteningadd allis atcreamyonce and absorbs part of water.

silverware in Sperry sack. Also Martha 1 cup sifted Sperry Drifted Snow

Meade's success recipes Stir, with"HomePerfected"circular motion, untilEnrichedpastry holdsFlourits for all kinds of baking. shape. Turn out on lightly floured board, pressing quickly into a smooth ball. Roll pastry until

it will extend about J4 inch beyond outer rim ofa 9-inch pie pan. Fold pastry in half, lift quickly

and place in pan. Unfold, and gently press in

place so there are no air pockets beneath pastry.

Build up fluted edge. Prick bottom and sides of

shell liberally fork. allows This with the steam drifted snow flourSperry beneath to crust escape during formed baking.

'HOMEPERFECTED"ENRICHED Bake for 1012 minutes in preheated very hot 'SPERRY,""MARTHA MEADE,""DRIFTED SNOW,""HOMEPERFECTED"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF oven,before450,filling.or until crust is nicely browned. Cool GENERAL MILLS. INC.

APRIL 1954 WHY A BREAKFAST OF ASIA AND THE FUTURE

ATr. John Foster Dulles, the Ameriby Dr. G. Homer Durham

can Secretary of State, returned VICE PRESIDENT, from the Berlin Conference of 1954 in UNIVERSITY OF UTAH late February. Announcement had been

made that the "Big Four"(the USA, the USSR, France, and the United Kingis a long, long way even for jet engines.

PROVIDES LASTING ENERGY dom)Switzerland,would onmeetAprilagain26, 1954.at Geneva,With suchAmericanfacts aspolicyAsia'smust35,000reckonmileswithof

its billion and a quarter huFOR ACTIVE BODIES! them will meet Red China, the North coastline;

and South Korean governments, and man inhabitants, twothirds Mongolian, some dozen others involved in the onethird Aryan, Semitic, and brownKorean war. black; its 550 annual inches of rainfall

On the agenda for Geneva, April 26, in Northern India; its arid desert wastes

1954 is (1) a possible peace settlement in the Arab and Gobi deserts.

growing out of the Korean war; After three centuries of European

(2) IndoChina. More importantly, the colonization, imperialism, and acculturawestern powers, with the Soviet Union tion, Asia's population included, in 1945,

and Red China, will be sitting down only a scant 6 million Protestants, 5 l/2 for the first time in formal session to million Roman Catholics, \l l/2 million discuss what is, in effect, the future of Greek and Armenian Catholics, and l/2

Asia. million Jews. Most of these cultural

Whither Asia? Toallies of the west are in

wards a rich variety of western Asia and along independent, stable states, coastlines of the east.

ranging from Saudi AraThere still remained 210 bia and Turkey on the million Hindus, 300 milwest to China and Japan lion Confucians, 142 milNO COAXING WITH FLAVORFUL on the east? Or towards ion Moslems in which

CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT! Russianinspired, monothe West had made hardtypes dent. a ly Some orlithic unification and breakfast hearty temptingand Here's a social change of come towards ganization? Or youngactive for just that's dish made are rapid. Others slowly. efAmerican-supported

all natural it is the with as rich sters—Is force, energy, propaganda, communist sagging the forts maintain to salvage and niacin, thiamine, of values whole wheat difference? the of the measure The of France, Holland, systems colonial

iron! and phosphorus force of rate the west has to decide and of mutation towards Or, some Britain?

Not only does new Carnation Instant the latter, Americaninspired and led? the role of propaganda as part of Asiatic

Wheat provide extra energy as the day Or what? policy. In this we must remember that

wears on—but the rich goodness of President Eisenhower and Mr. Dulles Asia is great. It is the birthplace of

genuine Northwest premium wheat is have a real problem on their hands in Jesus Christ, of Buddha, of Confucius, wonderful for tempting sleepy morning meeting this issue at the Geneva Conand of Mohammed.

appetites! ference. So has the entire human race, Asia has six great strategic peninsulas

YOU'LL LIKE the way Carnation Instant the bulk of whom live in Asia. and as many sets of strategic offshore

Wheat saves you time, too—for part of The United States of America is the island groups. Of the peninsulas,

the cooking has been done for you! So new world product of the old world. Turkey and South Korea are presently

start with a temptingly different breakAs the suns of centuries have risen over under military guarantee of the United fast—tomorrow! Asia (ushas—the dawn—in the ancient States. Arabia moves under British

Sanskrit tongue) and men have seemed scrutiny, with the US at her elbow.

to see it swing westward to its setting India, once under British auspices, is over Europe (ereb—the west, the sunnow selfdirecting and openly "neutral"

setting land in Sanskrit), so America, towards the US. The IndoChinese

COOKS IN the new world, TIME'"NO culture. of human reflectsWethenowdevelopmentface the peninsula,influence, isunderin seriousFrenchtrouble.and BritishThe

decision as to how Europe, Asia, and remaining sixth peninsula is RussianAfrica—the great world island, shall held Kamchatka. The western powers

influence the Western Hemisphere ishold the edge in the offshore islands land of the Americas, and how the south of Russianheld Sakhalin. But

Americas shall influence Asia and the the future of Japan, Formosa, the Philipgreat worldisland. pines, Indonesia, Sumatra, even Ceylon,

Asia is huge. It is complicated, geoas bastions of western strength, is by

graphically and culturally. It is 6900 no means certain.

miles wide from Arabia in the west, to What is sound policy for the future the far eastern, Pacific tip of the contiof Asia, its great land mass of nearly from northsouth, It is 5300 miles, nent. its great square miles, 18 million

'lPARENTS/MAGAZINE of Siberia cape the northernmost islands, teeming to neighboring and its

Malaya—not counting the distances to millions?

offshore islands. From Cyprus and

Same famous family as Carnation Milk Rhodes in the Mediterranean, to ForShall the US recognize the Mao remosa and the Philippines in the Pacific, (Concluded on page 284) 214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now Available! \ Just off the press!

Beautiful Full -Colored Reproductions of ARNOLD FRIBERG'S BOOK OF MORMON 1 MATTHEW PAINTINGS 20c each; set of 8—$1.50 COWLEY

SPEAKS

For Faithinspiring Reading:

This book assures permanence to

the challenging messages of this great leader's life. A compilation

from the addresses, sermons, and

a few letters of this great apostle of

the Lord, this wonderful volume will ever speak to those who loved him., his glorious human

qualities will shine through the pages. the understanding

love... the impelling message—for all of this he will be

remembered, forever challenging others to follow in his

footsteps for the betterment of mankind.

MARY BAILEY by Ruby K. Smith

Here, in a most interesting manner, are revealed the poignant details of the life of Samuel Smith, brother to the Prophet and first missionary of the Church. The sweep of the narrative carries the reader from

An excellent teaching aid in Book of Mormon the sophisticated culture of Boston to the frontier life of the West.

study. Also, make excellent framed prints for Centered in the life of the gentle girl, Mary Bailey Smith, wife of

Smith, Samuel the home. this biography becomes impelling reading. $2<<tftf) press. off the Just

1. The Brother of Jared Sees The Finger of the Lord.

2. Lehi in the Wilderness Discovers the Liahona.; in m s m m

3. Young Nephi Subdues His Rebellious Brothers. DESERET BOOK STORE

4. Lehi and His People Arrive in the Promised Land. 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

5. Abinadi Delivers His Message to King Noah. Please send the following productions and/or books. Enclosed you will find:

6. Alma Baptizes in the Waters of Mormon. ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge to my account for $

7. Ammon Defends the Flocks of King Lamoni. Quantity TITLE Price

8. Helaman Leads An Army of 2,000 Ammonite Youths.

Dcseret NameAddress...

44 Fst South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah City Zone StateResidents of Utah include 2% sales tax. SI

APRIL 1954 215 the Chirch moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

President David O. McKay and

January 1954 February 1954 8 party left Buenos Aires, Argentine, for Santiago, Chile.

7 Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant President David O. McKay atto the Council of the Twelve, tended a missionary meeting in 1 A President David O. McKay and

dedicated the chapel of the Spokane Uruguay. Later in the day, he and his *-"party were visiting the Saints in

Fourth Ward, (formerly Dishman party flew to Buenos Aires, Argentina. Lima, Peru.

Ward), Spokane (Washington) Stake. The annual, monthlong birthday was David O. McKay President

drive of the Primary for support Sister President and O. penny David Saints in the Canal Zone visiting U today. hospital Children's began departed j McKay air from by Cape in Panama. and

Town, South Africa, as their tour of the

South African Mission neared its close. President David O. McKay had an President David O. McKay and

interview with President Juan D. 12 party arrived in Guatemala City,

20 President David O. McKay and Peron of Argentina. Guatemala, on the mission tour.

his party flew from Johannesburg, The topmost steel section of the tower

South Africa, closing the tour of the Three carloads of Church welfare of the Los Angeles Temple went into

South African Mission. flour started on its way from the place. It is a seventeenfoot welded

Deseret Mills in Kaysville, Utah, for the framework upon which the goldplated

President and Sister McKay left destitute people of Greece. Later in aluminum statue of the Angel Moroni

Dakar, French West Africa, by air the month three carloads of canned will eventually be placed. It is the

for Brazil. goods were sent from Church welfare top section of the 134foot tower which

in Salt joining City. supplies In Lake

rises above the roof of the 110foot high

Sister President >9 and McKay Relief arthe Ionian United Churches "'building.

Brazil, Janeiro, de rived in Rio in project to aid the in needy Utah from Africa, their to begin tour the of the Greece, furnished seventy Church of Mrs. Blanch appointment i Q1 TheSouth Missions American of the Church. percent of the in donated commodities general to the board D. Sundberg

Utah. This figure was based on the of the Primary Association was an-

0/1 President David O. McKay and LDS members residing in the state. nounced.

party participated in meetings in The Church, in taking the welfare supSao Paulo, headquarters of the Brazilian plies, made no drive among its memPresident David O. McKay and

Mission. bers for the project. 14 party arrived in Los Angeles from

Elder Lawrence D. Olpin sustained Guatemala City, completing their

as president of the Lorin Farr (Utah) The First Presidency announced thirtytwo thousand mile tour of misStake, succeeding President Elton W. the appointment of Elder Eben R. sions. Originally they planned to visit

Wardle, deceased. President Olpin had T. Blomquist as president of the Swedish Mexico, but upon completing their stay

served as first counselor to President Mission, succeeding President Clarence in Guatemala, they learned that the

Wardle. Elder Irvine F. Keller, for- F. Johnson. President Blomquist served plane they were to take for Mexico

merly second counselor, sustained as first as president of the mission from 1946 City had engine trouble, and that it counselor, and Elder Leslie T. Norton to 1949, when he was succeeded by would take two days for a replacement

sustained as second counselor. President Johnson. Previously he had plane to be dispatched from Miami.

The Genealogical Society of the served a mission in Sweden, 191113. At President McKay elected to fly directly

Church began a series of programs under the time of this appointment he was a from Guatemala City to Los Angeles on the general title, 'What's my Name,"member of the Mill Creek (Salt Lake another plane.

telecast over KDYLTV, Salt Lake City. City) Stake high council. Sister BlomElder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to

Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to quist and their eighteenyear-old son the Council of the Twelve, dedicated

the Council of the Twelve, dedicated will accompany him in this field of the chapel of the Pleasant View Ward, the building of the Institute of Religion, labor. Malad (Idaho) Stake.

adjacent to the campus of the UniverPresident arDavid O. McKaysity of at Nevada, Reno. spoke David President O. McKay 21 rived in Salt City, Lake completAires. in Buenos meetings at two ing his tour of in missions Europe, South President David O. McKay Presison, and Robert and His R. McKay, Africa, Latin America. and

in arrived party Montevideo, Argentine of the dent B. Valentine Lee

Uruguay, on his tour of South American Mission acted as interpreters for him. An oo President Stephen L Richards of

Missions. estimated six hundred persons were at ** the First Presidency dedicated the

one of the meetings. The meetings University (Salt Lake City) Stake center.

>Q "Radio Espectador"at Montevideo were held in the Cervantes Theater, Many of the wards in the Salt Lake gave President David O. McKay a which was made available by President City area held their annual reunions.

tenminute interview. Juan D. Peron of Argentina, after he

had interviewed President McKay earlier \ Elder Reid E. Bankhead of the

9A President David O. McKay's acin the week. Brigham Young University began

tivities included the laying of a Sunday evening meetings throughout a series of twelve weekly -filmlectures cornerstone for a chapel in Montevideo, the Church honored the Boy Scout in Salt Lake City upon the Apostle

Uruguay. movement. Paul.

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <>}Q Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the

Council of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of the Glendale Ward,

Phoenix (Arizona) Stake.

Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

of the Phoenix Sixth Ward, Phoenix (Arizona) Stake.

East Phoenix Stake, 212 in the roll call of stakes now functioning in the

Church, organized from portions of

Phoenix (Arizona) Stake. Elder Junius

E. Driggs was sustained as president

of East Phoenix Stake, without Elders

Glenn Alvin Jones and Edgar Keith

Stott as counselors. The stake consists

of the Phoenix First, Fourth, Fifth, and

Seventh wards, Scottsdale Ward, and

SpanishAmerican Branch, with a combined membership of approximately thirtyfive hundred. Remaining in the

Phoenix Stake are the Phoenix Second,

Third, Sixth, Eighth, and Ninth wards,

Capitol and Glendale wards, and Avondale and Buckeye branches. This stake

has a membership of approximately fortyseven hundred. Resustained as

president of Phoenix Stake was President David E. Heywood. Elder Blaine

H. Alexander, former second counselor,

was sustained as first counselor, succeeding Elder R. Melvin Johnson who

was sustained as a patriarch in East

Phoenix Stake, and Elder Martin E.

Tate was sustained as second counselor.

Elders Spencer W. Kimball and Delbert

of theL. Stapley of the Twelve Council It's the grapes! of this organization in charge andwere

reorganization of the stakes in southern

Arizona. The world's finest grapes are grown

Elder Walter W. Hunter, former first inValleythe ofsundrenchedCalifornia on. Santhe WesternJoaquin

counselor, sustained as president of the Slope of the High Sierras. From these

Liberty (Salt Lake City) Stake, succeedwell-caredfor vineyards, stretching ing President A. Lewis Elggren who has mile after mile, only the best of each

been called to preside in the Western year's crop is selected and dried in

States Mission. Elder Sheldon R. the sun to make Plump and Meaty

Brewster, former second counselor, susBrand raisins. That's why Plump and

tained as first counselor, and Elder Meaty Brand are the tastiest, plumpAbraham L. Stout sustained as second youest, evermeatiest,ate! most luscious raisins

counselor.

Elder Ralph A. Richards, former first Make all your foods RICH with

counselor in the South Summit (Utah) Plump and Meaty Brand raisins.

Stake presidency, sustained as president of that stake, succeeding President Look for the red

Moses C. Taylor, believed to be the dean

of stake presidents in time of service. and yellow package

Released with President Taylor was his at your grocers second counselor, Elder Carl Winters.

Sustained as counselors in the South

Summit Stake were Elders G. Reed

Marchant and Thomas Linton Lefler.

Elder Sterling W. Sill completed his Luscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to

series of radio discussions on the Church you as fresh as the day they were packed

Sunday evening hour on KSL. twicesealed in Flavotite cartons or bags.

They stay fresh and hold their natural goodMarch 1954 ness and taste. Try them today!

and four economical two the SAVE! Buy championship Thirtytwo Men M in Flavotite. twicesealed bags,

at the pound basketball teams began play field house of Brigham Young UniverThey keep!

basketthe allChurch sity, Provo, in VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA (Concluded on page 283)

APRIL 1954 217

Melchizedek Priesthood

SOFTBALL softball senior AllChurch including prohood, those are inwho of the senior active members Aaronic will be Thegram the direct under supervision of the general priesthood Priesthood and nonpriesthood holdcommittee of the Church beginning ers. A concerted effort on the part

with the 1954 season. The general of stake presidencies, ward bishoprics,

priesthood committee has appointed and branch presidencies should in- a softball committee to be responsible sure the fullest possible use of the for active supervision of the softball program to this end. Any ward able

program, and two members of the to field more than one senior softsoftball committee will serve as diball team should be encouraged to rectors of the newly revised priesthood do so, for participation on the part program. of every adult male member of the

With the approval and cooperation ward is the goal of the revised proof the stake presidents involved, divigram. All holders of the Melchizedek

sion softball directors will be apPriesthood and (or) male members pointed to conduct the program in of the Church seventeen years of the sixteen divisions into which the age or older as of June first of the various stakes of the Church will be playing year may be candidates to divided. The division director will play. The seventeenand eighteenThere is no more precious gift for work closely with stake presidencies yearold boys, however, may exercise

someone you love than the key to a in the promotion of softball activity, their option to play either senior softtrue understanding of God's Word—with the goal of one or more senior ball or junior softball, which is conthe famous Scofield Reference and

Bible can provide that key. There is softball teams in every ward and ducted under the supervision of the

a wide variety of binding styles from branch in the Church. Stake superYMMIA as in other years. This

in Scofield the three which to choose sizes: '/&"); Large ( 5 Vx8 Handy (4% vision will be under the direction of option is allowed since these boys

x7Me"); and Pocket (3%x5% "). the stake softball director who will may find it difficult to compete favorAH Scofield Reference Bibles contain be nominated by the division director ably for team positions with the

the Scofield notes famous and helps and appointed by the stake Melchizeolder men of the ward. In the smaller text as the to which same page on the

they refer, and have center column dek Priesthood committee. This diwards and branches, the seventeenreferences, summaries, a chronology, rector will take the initiative, assisted and eighteenyear-old boys are often

additional helps. All but and many the by the vice chairman of the stake needed to make possible the fielding Size with Pocket have colored maps

indexed atlas, and the Large and committee for senior members of the of a senior softball team.

sizes are available on Handy either Aaronic Priesthood or other memRules and regulations governing fine Paper. Bible or Paper Oxford India

Some of the styles that make beautibers of that committee appointed by play will be sent to all stake presiful gifts are these: him. This is to be with the full apdents, with enough copies for further

proval of the stake Melchizedek distribution to ward bishops and stake

Priesthood committee. (The existand ward softball directors.

ing stake athletic director may be the A two dollar registration fee is relogical individual for this position.)

Ward supervision shall be under the quiredleagues ofandall teamsis to playingbe sent intostakethe ward softball director appointed by Church softball committee, 50 North the stake director after consultation Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

with the stake Melchizedek PriestThis fee is to be sent in with registraIt shall duty be the committee. hood before furnished tion to be forms divinity circuit, 13x French Morocco, to director of the ward softball are played. league games take any corners, edges. redunder-gold round

will compete in a stake tion, Pocket%"Size,thick.Oxford India Paper$10.50edithesoftballinitiativeprogram.in promotingHe will dothethiswardin Wards

I7x Morocco, half circuit, leather cooperation with, and the full aptournament conducted by the stake lined, director. edges. corners, gold round Stake champions of softball consisting of a As proval committee

13x. $13.00. $13.50 Blue Red or will play off in division then tournaas chairbishopric of the a member grain, levant 177x small Morocco, supervision the ments under of the circuit, divinity lined, leather of a the ciders'round man, quorum member

division softball director. diviedges. corners, redunder-gold The elders'each Large presidency from (one

Size, Oxford Concordance will winners Salt Lake come to in sion than one quorum quorum if more %"thick.edition, India Paper, $18.50

1 87x Red Morocco, hand grained, half the ward) or officer of an elders group City to participate in the all -Church circuit, leather lined, round corners, where no quorum exists, and a memsoftball tournament where the alledges. available gold 177x. (Also As championship team and Church PriestAaronic ber of the ward senior blue, in black, green, or brown, made- winner will sportsmanship be existing roon.) committee. $20.50 (The ward hood

Other styles from $3.25 to $35.00 athletic director may be the logical clared.

At your booksellers individual for this position.) The value of the softball program

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS The purpose of the softball proas a missionary has been conclu114 Fifth Avenue, New York 1 gram is to bring into activity all sively demonstrated. The inactive,

"hookers cftfojht&orized'Tty Jame& JBi6& siitce l(tf5 members of the Melchizedek Priest- (Concluded on page 252) 218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

CHILD AND DANDELIONS

Across the dewbespangled grass, he runs, (Does April fashion wings for children's heels?)

To stop in midflight. Wondering, he kneels—

A little worshiper of little suns;

A dandelion halo, his bright hair

To touch with fingers sensitive as any

Flowerexploring butterfly antennae,

One blossom of the myriads shimmering there.

Since none calls from a. window, "Mustn't pick!"

Young laughter bubbles: his, these diadems,

A whole yardful just by the simple trick

Of snapping off the crisp, milkoozing stems.

Sing, O robins, sing! One small, chubby boy

Receives time's rarest gift, an hour of joy.

Ethel Romig Fuller

APRIL 1954 219 APRIL IF APRIL BORROWS TURNING POINT

By Frances Stockwell Lovell By Elaine V. Emans By Katherine Fernelius Larsen

\ walked today where April spread XTow it's been said that April borrows Sweet on the cheek a little wind her pearls of rain on me, * three Whispers of life returning;

where, in the garden, tulips bled Days out of March, and they are ill, but I South of the hedges snow is thinned their new slim buds, to be Am currently inclined to disagree. Under the sun's pale burning.

tomorrow, cups of gold and red I cannot call a day ill though the sky to hold spring's guarantee. May alternate between quick tears and Lift your cheek to the tender breath,

laughter, Lean your ear to the south,

I walked where earth was turning, slow, Nor censor it for being wet underfoot, Listen for winter's delicate death and moving in her sleep Nor well condemn the wind for rising after Spring's first hint warm on your mouth.

and felt the hands of things that grow I'd thought the air was gentle, and had put their ageold promise keep. On my widebrimmed chapeau for walking MEMORY'S SONG

I walked in Aprils of long ago out.

Where rain fell, soft and deep. I cannot reproach a day when I discover By Arthur Wallace Peach

Some bird in every hedge, nor set about half violets cover prove of it ill when chords, the harsher To clash the as their riverbanks sweet Above and woods The living, of Strains PINK TULIPS duty. like love a song Her was

its intertwining music that too brief, seemed By Ethel Jacobson If April borrows, it is more of beauty. HalfWith heard,hours

f* rayed skies, misty trees GREENSPRING WEATHER With years too long.

* traceries; slanting Blurred by quiet evening's at the thrush song The Anobel Armour By lane, leafyshadowed Dim, befriending Close, day

rain, fingers of the Veiled by note's the last at Is in secrecy, but sung slanting liked furrows long up drift rosy glow, here a a Yet She Silver ending, tall held her a lift plow pink, how that tulips, And man shimmeringOf music's the silence holds The a cup from water mountain bells And inverted vibranthued, Great Memory. the yellow peaches bough. shells. on polished And in the rain catchTo

is silence there Now life her yesterday had been song, there once was Where life citycanyon narrow JustA hours the Threading TULIPS buildings smokegray hemmed her Where strain, golden a Like in its days'the peace upon Laying Forbes Clyde By Kathryn wife. a she mountain was But now

clamoring, Long as on the thirsty fields As sweet the across ground spring tiptoes hen he stayed she yet that had knew And\KT rain! lips of * that flowers grow, all the stood The buildings Awakening gray her where Beside

No bloom so lovely can be found She would have liked the life he made

As stately tulips in a row; And found each lovely moment good. THE MOON ENTREATS

With heads erect so straight and tall It was the love they shared together By Beulah Huish Sadleir

As if by some proud monarch sent That gave these hills their greenspring entreats along the moon marchThey garden wall weather! The

regiment. the eyes that cannot see the gold pity be and crimson AndA

Inviting every vagrant bee THE MIRACLE OF FLIGHT No clouds—nomoon; wind stripes mar its auric

the nectarTo sip hospitality genial from the cup By Laura Emily Mau Life'sglow.recreation fleeted in itself.With

lift chalice up; dewfilled forgotten wastes the a advent, Spring'sThey Gulls yesteryears. Sea all the Of

of masters Past die fade last they at and ahead; face pushes its illumined Life whenAnd under

flight of miracle The drooping one by one, heads proud Their feelers underground Roots attained their see craftsmanship Now eye upon are etch all akin things my memory BulbsMay sendbreak—and men. By sun. the tulips in of urge. nature'sA row To

Leaf sap rises—and the hungry wait to see

The leaves; those green, soft, fragile parasols

SPRING RAIN FairFor beauteoussummer's moon,light. consistent lamp

By Pauline Havard OfSearchlightlight andof loveour souls good, the the April rain, you smile with Magnify earingXl the purpose of our lives. upon Shine full A* pleasure;

its that gentle symphony; knowYou sound MY GARDEN promise, a special holds raindrops Of steady

Whispering "Open, sesame!"to ground

Once locked by frost. And probably toBy Evelyn Hunt

morrow sun will bring its golden benediction; have a garden, and I knowThe

The sky will be a blue forgetme-not; It is not I that makes it grow.

All to prove the weatherman's prediction I plant the seeds, I turn the sod;

"Clearing and warmer."While the comBut in my garden there is God.

ing weeks In earth's Aladdin's cave will lift the lid And in my garden there is peace;

To show rich gems of flowers and jade of Frustration, care, and worry cease.

grass, So in my garden, if you please,

And all the gold that winter shrewdly hid. I do my weeding on my knees.

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r \ 5\5\is5:!S\5v5v2

Walk In The Light

by President David O. McKay

"... Walk while ye have the light, lest darkThere is one idea indispensable to the estabness come upon you: for he that walketh in darklishment of a permanent peace which too many

ness knoweth not whither he goeth."(John 12:35.) men and some nations have obliterated from tkeir

minds entirely, but which should be reburnished

That solicitous admonition given by the Savior until it shines as the unclouded noonday sun. It

of men is as pertinent today as when it was first is as old as the Lord's first message to man, and expressed. Men and nations having refused to some will call it trite. Men in the past have

walk in the light, as Jesus said, stumble in darkentertained it for a time, then have permitted it ness and know not whither they go. to drop below the plane of consciousness. This

There is a Greek myth that Charon was peridea so frequently mentioned, but so seldom pracmitted orfee upon a time to visit the earth to see tised, connotes things which, if lost, civilization what men were doing. From a lofty eminence itself is lost. It connotes the right to live, to be

he looked over the cities, palaces, and other works treated decently, to be kindly spoken to, to enjoy of men. As he turned to resume his assigned home, to love, and to be loved. It connotes

task, he exclaimed: "These human beings are strength to defend the right—sympathy for those

spending their time in building just birds'nests. who, striving, have failed. It connotes justice

No wonder they fail and are ashamed."and mercy. It turns the eye and the heart from

Men today to far too great an extent are spendbeastly passions to noble aspirations.

ing their time with things which have no It is Christ's plan of love and service—sumpermanent value, and to far too great an extent marized in the two great commandments: "Thou

are acting contrary to principles of eternal light shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and giving way to the darkness. and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.

In the Doctrine and Covenants, the Lord says: "And... thy neighbour as thyself."(Matt.

22:37, 39.)

"If you keep not my commandments, the love I fully realize with Professor Wieman that of the Father shall not continue with you, therefore you shall walk in darkness."(D. & C. 95:12.) "When one looks out upon the human race,

the way it has come and the way it must go,

Of the ultimate victory for freedom, for peace, and sees that tiny gate so obscure that one must for truth, we need not doubt. In the words of search to find it, and so lowly that one must stoop

the immortal Lincoln: to enter it, and yet the only way to life, the only

escape from ruin of mankind, one is sobered....

"I still have confidence that the Almighty, the And yet civilization will be transitory until men

Maker of the universe, will, through the instruin large number go this way of love."

mentality of this great and intelligent people, bring us through this as he has through all other There is imperative need of a drastic change difficulties of our country."in men's dealings with one another. Never has

there been a time in the history of the world

But if we of our generation would find the when a change for the better was more imperative.

peace the world so much seeks, we must walk And since rejection of Christ's teachings has rein ways of light. (Concluded on following page)

APRIL 1954 EfEditors Page 221 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) praying. Thus may we hope that there will

suited in repeated disaster, with only intermittent come an answer to the prayer:

periods of respite and peace and progress, why in "Peace in our time, O Lord, the name of reason should people not be willing To all the peoples—Peace!

to substitute for selfish aggrandizement Christ's Peace that shall crown a glad new world, principle of brotherly consideration, of fair dealWith Thy High Sovereignties.

in of the value and sacredness of human life, of the virtue of forgiveness, of the condemnation "O living Christ, who still of the sin of hypocrisy and of covetousness, of Dost all our burdens share, the saving power of love. Come now and dwell within the hearts

Of all men everywhere!"The gospel of Jesus Christ is the crucible in Oxenham which hate, envy, and greed are consumed, and—"Peace"—John

good will, kindness, and love remain as inner To this end let members of the Church, and aspirations by which man truly lives and builds. honest men in every clime accept, not as an abLet men and women everywhere keep their stract, inapplicable saying, but as an eternal and

eyes upon him who ever shines as a Light to all guiding truth, the declaration of the Redeemer:

that followeth me the world—for Christ is the Way, the Truth, the "I am the light of the world: he

Life, the only safe Guide to that haven of peace shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the for which people the wide world over are earnestly light of life."(John 8:12.)

operation from others because of my

This I Believe by Dr. Reed W. Famsworth meagera high evaluationcircumstancesof myhasfellowgivenman.me

It was then my conclusion, and I have not had to change it since, that "This I Believe,"was a radio program whose host was Edmost people will step aside for a man ward R. Murrow, news analyst of the Columbia Broadcasting who knows where he is going and

System. It brought to the listening audiences.statements of faith even give a little push to help him

from people in all walks of life. The following is one of the along.

pronouncements from that program. Dr. Reed W. Farnsworth, its author, spent three years in Holland, Germany, I am now just completing my fourand England, serving as an LDS missionary. At the end of teenth year in the practice of medithat time he returned to Utah, determined to become a cine. There passes daily through

doctor of medicine. For the past thirteen years he has pracmy office a seemingly endless protised medicine and surgery in Cedar City, Utah. cession of people who are in trouble

Dr. Reed W. Farnsworth—seeking assistance. A considerable

proportion of these people consult me s I review some of my past expegave me a devotion to the cause which because of deviations from normal /l riences which have contributed perhaps increased by the news of my health caused by fears, frustrations, ** most to what I now believe, these father's death when I had been away anxieties, and conflicts arising from three stand out most vividly in my from home but six months. The their attempts to adjust to presentmind: thirty months that followed gave. me day living. The fear of a new world

autocancer, atomic bomb, the peowar, to talk with opportunity ample first occurred my mother when The infinancial accidents, and mobile philosophies varied of ple and many father widowed leaving died my a of the many are few but security I returned convictions. religious and a This children. six was smallwith us confronting thoughts distracting this of conclusion term at the home I experience, now and challenging

remember how my father, a deeply of service with a more sympathetic today.

religious and Godfearing man, reaunderstanding of other people's points I have first an abiding faith in the soned with us that the separation of view. purpose of life and the conviction that

of our mother was in fulfilment of a The third contribution to my outwe arc conforming to a Godgiven prearranged plan and that our lives look on life followed immediately after plan; second, a devotion to a cause

had a definite purpose in the scheme my return from Europe, when, in the the dignity of one's work; and third, a

of things. This experience made a midst of the financial depression I sincere acknowledgment of the comlasting impression upon me, for all undertook the costly and timecon- mon brotherhood of man. The appliduring my youth, life seemed to have suming study of medicine without cation of these simple rules given us,

added meaning and responsibility. financial resources. The wisdom of by Jesus in the Sermon on the Mount

The second challenge came when the decision to do this I think I have seem to me to supply the most workas a young man I was called to render never questioned, even when I was able formula for finding the way fulltime service to my church as a hungriest and weariest. The necesthrough the many pitfalls of presentmissionary in western Europe. This sity of getting assistance and coday living.

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

.""There Are Some Standing Here..

-....:-.:,:

I "I am a missionary in the Central Atlantic corded an intimation that John, who was eviStates. In reading the New Testament I dently in that group, would not die until the

have come upon a passage of scripture that second coming at the beginning of the millennium.

is not clear to me. I would like to have the The Savior informed Peter how death would

answer. It is Mark 9:1 and Luke 9:27. come to Him, and Peter seeing John standing near

"When Christ said 'Verily I say unto you, said, "Lord, and what shall this man do?

That there be some of them that stand here, "Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till which shall not taste of death, till they have I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me.

seen the kingdom of God come with power,'"Then went this saying abroad among the of whom was he speaking, and when were brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet

they to see the kingdom of God, as he had Jesus saith not unto him, He shall not die; but, If

the Church established on the earth at that I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to time?"thee?"(John 21:2123.)

A tradition has come down from early times that

John died a martyr like the other Apostles, but this is not so. Several novels have been written,

perhaps based on the promise to John, of a man

The"ButpassageI tell youin Lukeof a truth,is similartheretobethatsomein Mark:standcursedsome abuseto livegivenuntil theChristLordshallon comehis waybecauseto theof

ing here, which shall not taste death, till they crucifixion. It is possible that there were others

see the kingdom of God."This prophecy is as well as John who were given this great privilege

more plainly stated in Matthew, as follows: who were present when this prophecy was given.

"Verily I say unto you, There be some standing In the Doctrine and Covenants, Section Seven, here, which shall not taste of death, till they see we have a revelation declaring that John was the Son of man coming in his kingdom."(Matt. blessed to tarry until the Lord shall come. When

16:28.) the Lord visited the Nephites, he chose twelve

It is true that the Church or kingdom of God disciples and gave them presiding authority. Three

was set up by our Savior in the days of his minof these disciples wished to remain until the Savior istry; but it was not set up at that time in its should return. They hesitated to tell him, but he

power and glory. Moreover, the Savior knew that read their thoughts and granted their petition.

before the great day of his second coming, in He said to them, "Behold, I know your thoughts, power and glory, there would be a "falling away"and ye have desired the thing which John, my and the Church would cease to be on the earth beloved, who was with me in my ministry, before during those days of dark apostasy. that I was lifted up by the Jews, desired of me.

This prophecy is a problem that has disturbed "Therefore, more blessed are ye, for ye shall the Christian world, for they are without a satisnever taste of death; but ye shall live to behold all

factory explanation. Infidels have dwelt upon it the doings of the Father unto the children of men,

in ridicule as a sign of the Savior's folly because even until all things shall be fulfilled according nearly two millenniums have passed since these to the will of the Father, when I shall come in my words were uttered. To the natural man it is glory with the powers of heaven."(3 Nephi

impossible for anyone standing in the group to 28:6-7.)

which the Savior spoke to live until now; therefore, to them his prediction has definitely failed.

To the members of the Church this prophecy holds no problem and is no mystery. In the

closing verses of the gospel of John we find reAPRIL 1954 223 homas E. McKay is a man of

]1 broad experience. His activities

have covered a wide field, and his devotion to duty and his sense of obligation to a public trust have ever been exemplified in his life. He has

been a farmer, teacher, public official, both in county and state, member of the state senate, its presiding officer for two terms, member of the Public

Service Commission of the State of

Utah, superintendent of the Weber

County schools, missionary, stake president, twice president of the

SwissGerman Mission, and acting president of the European Mission during World War II. All of these

show the wide experience of Thomas

E. McKay, and in all of these were

reflected the integrity and sterling worth of a man who has ever been conscious of his obligations to a trust and has shown his devotion to duty.

He has served the public with one objective, that of service to his fellow men. In all of his public relations

and administrative duties he has manifested an exceptional friendliness and generosity. He has never been

unkind and has always had an interest in the welfare of the people whom he served. Thomas E. McKay, like his

illustrious brother, President David O.

McKay, is the personification of all that is good. He loves people, and all

who know him have a deep affection for him, whether engaged in Church service, on the farm, as servant of the people in public office, or on a fishing stream. In all these he reflects

—Photograph by Harris and Ewing feelingthat sameof confidencerefining influenceand affectionand

Elder Thomas E. McKay. This picture was taken when he was toward all with whom he comes in

president of the National Association of Railroad & Utility Comcontact. missioners.

He loves the outof-doors. He is

a man of many hobbies, and one of them is fishing. He learned long

ago on the beautiful streams of Ogden

Valley that an angler's occupation is a good cure for much of the evil that is in the world. He feels, as exis skilful of the as Creator in hand ELDER THOMAS E. MCKAY pressed by Henry Van Dyke, that the of in the coloring a fish as the painting of the manifold petals that sweeten the wild flowers.

by Clifford E. Young Although having to safeguard his

health and conserve his energy beASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE cause of a serious heart attack, he often goes to the old farm in Ogden

Valley to supervise the planting and harvesting of crops; and when he

feels he is not jeopardizing his health, he. and his wife, sometimes accompanied by their son, Thomas, will

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A recent picture of Thomas E. and Faun Brimhall David McKay, Sr., and Jennette Evans McKay, and their four eldest

McKay. children. David O. is standing by his father, and Thomas E. is seated

on his mother's lap.

steal away to Henry's or Yellowstone thirteen, spent much of his time fishsuddenly upon a bobsled which was lakes or perhaps the upper Snake ing in our nearby canyon streams. coming up the canyon in the middle

River to "feel the beauty and blessedOne evening on the Provo River he of the track. The driver of the car

ness and peace of the woods and caught two large trout, one a fourhad the alternative of striking the meadows that God has'bedecked with teenincher, and he gleefully said, sled or plunging into the snowbank flowers."He never comes back empty- "Grandpa, these are for Brother or the river side of the track. He

handed. A good fisherman is Thomas McKay."Children love Brother chose the latter. The car kept on its

E. McKay. McKay wherever they are fortunate wheels but stuck fast in the snow.

I recall an incident of a few sumenough to come within the circle of One of the occupants of the sled, mers ago while my daughter and his friendship. looking back, saw the snowbound conher two children were here from In a book published by Brigham dition of the auto, called the driver to

Texas. We were invited to the old Young University a number of years stop, and went to the aid of the

McKay farm in Huntsville as guests ago as a tribute to Dr. George H. chauffeur.

of Brother and Sister McKay. After Brimhall, the following experience is "The driver of the car met the man

a delicious dinner with Brother related by Dr. Brimhall: "A few from the sled with the declaration,

McKay, although not too strong at evenings ago in Ogden Canyon, an 'It was my fault, I was coming a litthe time, as he was slowly recovering automobile headed from Huntsville tle too fast; you people did not have

from a serious illness, he insisted on towards Ogden was making good time. time to give me passing room.'The

taking the children to a nearby The highway was banked on both man from the bobsled party shouted stream where they had the thrill of sides with snow, pushed high by the to his companions: 'Come back! Here

their lives fishing. This last summer snowplow, leaving room for passing, is a real gentleman!'

these same two children were again provided each vehicle kept close to "The occupants of the sled piled with me, and John, the boy aged its bank. On a curve the car came (Continued on following page)

Thomas E. and David O. McKay. A recent photograph of the Thomas E. McKay family.

APRIL 1954 225 ever. She said, 'David, you go on Representatives of the Utah Legislathat mission. The Lord wants you ture. In 1921 he was elected to the

now, not a year from now. He can State Senate from Weber County, and

take care of me when you are in during two terms he served as presiScotland as well as if you were at my dent of the State Senate. In 1923 he

bedside.'It was just ten days after was appointed a member of the Public

he left for the mission field that a Utilities Commission, now the Public beautiful little spirit, one of the choicService Commission of the State of est, came to our home. She was over Utah, and served in this capacity

two years old before my father saw fourteen years. During his term of

her. I say I am grateful that that office as a member of the Public

decision was made to go on a misUtilities Commission he was general sion at that time."This I think chairman of the Central Western

reflects the faith and the devotion Shippers Advisory Board and presiof worthy parents of a worthy sondent of the National Association of

Thomas's early life was spent in Railroad and Utility Commissioners.

Huntsville where he grew up throughIn 1929 he was appointed a member all the organizations of the Church of the executive committee and conThomas E. McKay as a young man. and came under their influence. He tinued in this position until the

received his early school training in annual meeting of the National Asso- (Continued from preceding page) the schools of Ogden Vallev and later ciation of Railroad Utility Commisout, and the car was soon on the attended the UniversitvJ of Utah from sioners at Washington, D. C, in 1934,

road. which he graduated in 1899. After when he was elected second vice

"Everyone of the bobsleigh party his graduation he was appointed president. The following year he bethought, and some of them said, in principal of the Pingree School in came first vice president of the assosubstance: 'It is a rare thing to find Ogden where he served until 1900, ciation, and in 1936 he was elected

a man who will not dodge; behind when he was called to fulfil a misits president. During his term of

some tree of selfjustification when he sion to Great Britain, but was reoffice he presided at the annual meetgets into trouble, by not giving the assigned to labor with the German ing held at Atlantic City in Novemother fellow a chance.'people. On his return home in 1903 ber 1936. In 1937 he was called by

"This circumstance caused me to he became a member of the faculty President Grant to preside over the wish for more real gentlemen in all of Weber Academy where he taught SwissGerman Mission. After the

the highways of life, from the home for two years. He left the Weber missionaries from Zion had been safecircle to international council chamAcademy to become a member of the ly evacuated from the European ueld,

bers. Just the confession, 'It was my faculty of the Utah State Agricultural after the outbreak of hostilities,

fault, I was going too fast,'would College. After two years'service in Brother McKay returned home and

be a signal for more home happiness the college he was appointed superduring World War II served as the and possibly a world peace."intendent of the Weber County acting president of the European MisThe driver of that car was Thomas schools, serving in this capacity from sion with his headquarters in Salt

E. McKay. 1907 until 1909. In January 1909, Lake City. This work had to be carried correspondence, to the a missionary by was called as on largely Thomas Evans McKay is the son he Mission maintained but Brother conSwiss-German he where McKay

of David and Jennette Evans McKay labored for three years, returning in tact with the local presidents in Euand was born in Huntsville, Weber March 1912. rope, encouraging them and helping

County, Utah, the 29th of October, Brother McKay always has taken them through those troublesome times 1875. His father had emigrated an interest in civic affairs, and in and rendering all the assistance posfrom Scotland mother from and his

1919 he was elected to the House of (Concluded on page 271) to both convertsWales, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and both of them coming from families of rare integrity and of great faith.

I quote from a talk that Brother

McKay made at our last conference in which he paid tribute to his mother, stating, "I feel more grateful than ever this morning for my mother, that she was instrumental in insisting on my father's accepting his call to go into the mission field at the time he was called and would not permit him to postpone that call for a year because of her delicate condition. That

was a great decision in the history of the David McKay family, and I Two of Brother McKay's favorite sports: horseback riding and fishing. Here he is

appreciate it more this morning than shown with his daughter Flora and with his son Thomas.

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lilllSllISMiiSlllS Hlli

iSllllilll

Standing by her bedside was her young son, unkempt, like his mother, unknown, his spirit troubled, wrapped in brooding thoughts of death. Between these two had

been strong bonds of understanding, perhaps none greater than the feeling of utter loneliness, this moment, when there seemed so much to be learned.

Looking into her son's small, homely face, her words full of meaning, Nancy Hanks Lincoln transferred to him the burden of a truth that was to help make men free. She said, "Be somebody, Abe."Out of her voice,

her meaning, the silence that followed her death, Abe

Lincoln was awakened to—not wealth, not fame, not

power—but to the worth of the soul; man's belief in the

divinity of man.

"Be somebody, Abe."

Be Somebody, Latterday Saints!

Your Father in heaven meant for each one of his children to achieve successfully. To assist in his work,

he has selected you, of all people in the world, to receive a great light: the gospel. Take all its rich treasures

and use them, as Abraham Lincoln did with the experiences of his life, and make other lives worth while.

The greatest truths in the world are on your doorstep, the greatest heritage anyone can have is written on the pages of your people's history. You have but to

open wide the door of your heart and gather them in, then lift your soul toward him for inspiration, and there you are—on the road to becoming somebody.

Since you have been chosen to receive these gifts, they are not yours to waste. To belittle what you have

is to turn back in your life, somewhat like the children of

Israel, standing on the very brink of the Promised Land.

They listened to the story of a few scouts who belittled freedom and courage and faith. It took many long

years to prepare once more for that which they had not

This -statue of "Lincoln, the Woodcutter,"executed by accepted at first. And then it was a new generation,

Avard Fairbanks, stands at the Plantation School, Ewa, ready to fight, yes, and to die, in order to obtain that Hawaii.

which their forefathers had so lightly valued. You,

who live in a land of promise, are free to seek wisdom, to create for good, to work with God. You are free to become somebody."Be Somebody, be Strange that so many of us are willing to partake of A the blessings of our religion, eat of the choice fruit of

the vine, and then, content, our minds at ease, we go by La Preal Wight selfishly about our way, never aiming to do our share, never accepting work in the garden. To be responsible

is a privilege, with to work to helping labor towardTheyShesaidhadsheno didbeauty,not sohavethe anything.stories go, but in the years fordivinesometools,part anof thehonor,gardenand

to come, millions would try to recapture her features. others to bring forth choice fruit—that is the essence

She had no fame, and those who had, probably called of greatness. That is "being somebody."

her a simple woman, with no great value placed upon A wellknown author relates in one of her books that her soul. She had no wealth; life for her began amid during a crucial moment of flight, high in the air,

pioneer poverty and ended there. These things she did spiraling through dense clouds, her husband tersely

not need, she had gathered within herself a greater commanded her to check her safety belt, and she knew substance: the sorrow and the magnificence, the tears and what he meant. He was taking the last chance. If he

noble grandeur of the common people, and now, about failed, death awaited for them both below. In a flash

to die, she presented her gift to those she understood. (Concluded on page 270)

APRIL 1954 227 President McKay

Visits Missions

in Latin America

by Albert L. Zobeli, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR

President McKay visits with two Guatemalan children.

Contrasting two of his great misDuring the twomonth trip Presiwith Saints in that area. Here Presision tours, the first around the dent McKay had held thirtythree dent McKay had an interview with

world in the early 1920's, and the meetings, fourteen consultations with James Scott Kemper, US Ambassador second just now completed, President Church and government officials, to Brazil.

David O. McKay commented on the dozens of press and radio interviews, Early Sunday morning, January 24,

shrinking distances and the open and countless inspections of Church the party, now consisting of Presimindedness of the people, as he arproperties and informal visits with dent and Sister McKay, President rived in Salt Lake City on February small groups of Church members. Sorenson, and Robert R. McKay, who

21. President and Sister McKay arrived had joined his parents as their secre-

"There has been a marvelous in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, early in the tary, flew to Sao Paulo, headquarters change in attitudes of the people morning of January 22, where they of the Brazilian Mission. It was a

between now and thirtytwo years were met by President Asael Sorenvery crowded Sunday. There was a

ago,"President McKay said. "We son of the Brazilian Mission. Despite priesthood meeting and a general sesmet prejudice and suspicion everythe lateness of the hour, many of sion in the morning (these sessions

where in 1921. There was not a the Saints in Rio were at the airport. were in Portuguese), and a Germansign of it this time."Two busy days followed, conferring speakingki meeting in the afternoon.

President David O. McKay delivers an address in the Cervantes National Theater, Buenos Aires, Argentina, as his son, Robert R.

McKay, translates for him.

228. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

. '

President McKay lays a cornerstone for a President and Sister McKay pause before the chapel in Rio de Janeiro. Left to right

new chapel in Montevideo, Uruguay. are Brother Harry Fred Heinfellner, Sister McKay, President McKay, President Asael Sorenson, and Brother Jose Amaro Pinto Ramos.

After the evening meeting, a group that he would fulfil his part of the January 27, President McKay had of Saints who had slept at the airport Lord's work. Elder Berlin was now an interview with the secretary to

the previous night so as to not miss completing a thirtymonths'mission President Martinez Trueba. The

the early arrival of the President, to Brazil. president of that republic was to have

presented Sister McKay with four That afternoon there were more the interview, but his illness had dozen orchids. reports and a demonstration of the prevented it.

Since Sao Paulo was in the midst Primary Association. In the six short years since the

of celebrating the fourth centennial of Many of the Uruguayan Saints Uruguayan Mission was opened, the its founding, and the city was alive were at the airport in Montevideo to membership of the Church there has with joyous celebrants, cannonading meet the presidential party, January grown to 850.

with the latest fireworks, even after 26. As President McKay came fromJanuary 28, President McKay had

the strenuous day little rest was enthe plane, he was greeted by the an interview with Mr. Mcintosh, US

joyed by the President's party. hymn, "We Thank Thee, O God, for Ambassador to Uruguay, and in the

Monday, January 25, there was a a Prophet"—this time in Spanish, evening attended a Church concert

missionary testimony meeting. One from a marvelously active chorus. performed in colorful, native costume.

of the testimonies of particular interest Here the mission president is Lyman Rain had threatened to continue, to the President was that of Elder S. Shreeve. The pattern of visiting thereby cancelling the openair festiBerlin of Huntsville, Utah. When was much the same as elsewhere val and feast planned for earlier

this young man was thirteen years of the language barrier, while it was that evening. President McKay spoke

age, he contracted polio and was given there, wasn't an insurmountable obof the fact that at no time during his up by his physicians. His parents stacle—the spirit and love that the thousands of miles of traveling on

asked their old neighbor, President President carried—and the love that this trip had rain interfered with a

McKay, to give their son a blessing. the members returned to him, made planned function. He was right. The

He promised the boy recovery and up for much of it. (Continued on page 285)

President and Sister McKay and party are greeted by the Honor- "There are three beautiful things in the world: love, friendship,

able Dempsey Mcintosh, left, Ambassador to Uruguay. and brotherhood,"was the airport greeting of President McKay

upon his arrival in Buenos Aires.

APRIL 1954 229 by Dr. Antone K. Rotnney

and

Dr. Henry L. Isaksen

COUNSELING SERVICE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY CHOOSING A VOCATION has been stated that some men tentatively, on the broad area of work 2. There is no such thing as a "one

It give more consideration to the he wishes to enter and make some and only"job for anyone. Most peoselection of a necktie than to the definite plans on how he can reach ple, in fact, could be successful and

choosing of their life's work. In this objective. He will, of course, happy in a number of different types

fact, some people fail to spend any refine and alter his plan as he of work and in many different specific time at all in considering this very progresses toward his objective. occupations. This should not, howimportant problem. Instead, they Some of these underlying princiever, lead us to believe that anyone

just "get a job"and, whether it suits ples that should be kept in mind are can do any job successfully. It has

them or not, they stay with it the as follows. (No attempt has been been conclusively demonstrated that

rest of their working lives because of made to list these in order of imsome people have more aptitude for a the necessity for a steady income. portance.) given type of work than others, and

Others move from one job to another, 1. All socially useful jobs are honare therefore more likely to succeed in

seizing what seems to them at the orable. ("Socially useful"should be that type of work. But this does

moment to be the best opportunity, defined as beneficial to humanity.) not imply that for any person there

is only one specific occupation inand never finding any degree of satisTo be sure, some jobs have greater faction, security, or permanence in "prestige value"than others, and which he can perform adequately.

their vocational lives. some bring greater financial return. 3. Every occupation has some eleTo a young person who is considerBut few, if any, of the approximately ment of drudgery. There is no such

ing the problem of choosing a vocatwenty -two thousand occupations thing as a "perfect occupation."Simition, neither of these procedures seems listed in the Dictionary are unessenlarly, every job has some compensato be desirable. Yet, when he learns tial or undesirable. There should tions and advantages.

that there are some twentytwo thoube no premium on the socalled 4. While such factors, as the

sand different jobs listed in the Di- "whitecollar"jobs. Someone has amount of pay, working conditions,

rectory of Occupational Titles, he said that "any job is great when and such things as security, are imrealizes that he faces a tremendous greatly pursued."portant considerations in the selection

task—one which will require a great This student works as a lab assistant in the daytime and goes to college at night.

deal of careful consideration. He is

also aware of the fact that he will spend at least onethird of his waking life on the job, and that he will make few decisions in his life which will so tremendously influence his success and happiness as the selection of his vocation. It seems not only appropriate, then, but also necessary that he

should do some careful vocational planning based on thorough consideration of his values and objectives, and of all the other factors involved.

How, then, should a young person go about planning his vocation? First,

he should be aware of certain underlying principles of vocational planning. Then he should undertake to

know as much about himself as he possibly can and about the world of work.- Finally, -he should relate this

knowledge about himself and about the world of work in such a way that he will be able to decide, at least 230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sis is placed on financial success? How

important is prestige? In short,

"What in life seems important?"Your

answers to these basic questions concerning values and goals in life set the stage for further selfanalysis. A

critical and objective look at your academic record to date adds materially to your selfunderstanding.

How successful have you been as a student? There is ample evidence to

support the claim that the best indication of what you will do in college from here on is what you have already done in 'college and high school. To be sure, there are exceptions to this rule, and occasionally a

student makes a drastic change in his academic performance. It is generally true, however, that poor high

school students make poor college students, and good high school students are successful in college. If your

plans call for college training, there-

A student of airplane welding is shown hard at work. fore, your past performance in school

should be carefully considered and of a vocation, they are probably not to consider the problem of vocational objectively weighed in relation to your as important as the sense of personal planning. For several reasons, their chances for success in further schoolsatisfaction that comes from rendering planning should reach beyond their ing.

it In the first place, for day.service. renderwedding The opportunity

Previous work experience is another for marnecessary becomes service to sometimesing significant mankind naror to evaluate. area How broad to ried go to considered carefullythen, be women should work—because been? Have your experience row has or other their loss of of the husband a vocation, along within choosing

ether important factors. extenuating circumstances. Vocational you worked extensively with people?

your with working enjoyed you is, in these Have and preparation as planning is not choose job you 5. The de- a high job requiring on a hands Secondly, insurance. cases, good on as the you performimportant way

the job after you have selected it. many types of vocational training and gree of manual dexterity? Have you

worked outof-doors and indoors, andElder Harold B. Lee said recently, professional preparation are valuable

most? What so, which did you enjoy in if prospective wife to a mother and body, studentin to the a talk BYU taken courses exploratory have you with provide her skills and they that difference it. doesn't"... any make

which field of endeavor you go into, attitudes that will help her to do a in school, and how did you like them?

provided it's an honorable vocation, better job of caring for a home and These and many other similar quesif you will just remember to do two rearing a family. Such is the case, tions may be asked in relation to

things when you enter that field. The especially, with respect to training previous work experience.

first, when you arrive in the morning for such occupations as teaching, so-; In addition to these informal, selfsay to yourself, 'Now whatever comes cial work, and nursing. Finally, there appraisal techniques, there are many

to myrhand today I'm going to do will probably come a time in her life types of standardized tests, questionit to the best of my ability'and then when she will have a great deal of naires, and inventories that may be set out to do that.... The second time which is free from household used to add to one's understanding of

thing I want to say to you is that responsibilities and other obligations. himself. They are usually available

today is the only day that.you and She may have up to twenty or thirty to high school and college students

I have to live.... Now if you will years during which time she could through their counselors and, in spite

just remember those two things, you'll devote at least several hours each day of their limitations, are very valuable go through life and be happy, and to some vocational pursuit that would and helpful. Those most widely used

you'll make your mark in the world be of service to her community. For are usually classified under these

regardless of the field of endeavor—these reasons, voung women should headings: mental ability or learning

provided it's an honorable field—if be encouraged to do some realistic, aptitude, special aptitude, achieveyou undertake to give your full servlong-range vocational planning. ment, interest, and personality. Their

ice."With these underlying principles value depends largely upon the comOne further word to the girls with in mind, the next step is that of selfpetency and experience of the perrespect to underlying principles. Of analysis. How can one learn what son who administers and interprets

course, the highest possible objective he needs to know about himself in them. One should use caution, therefor JtlL young Latterday Saint girls order to do a good job of vocational fore, when dealing with tests of this

is to marry and rear a family. Howplanning? Perhaps the first step kind and should be certain that they

ever, it cannot be assumed that this should be a careful analysis of life are not misused or misinterpreted.

fact makes it unnecessary for them goals and values. How much empha- {Concluded on page 262)

APRIL 1954 231

New Approaches to Book ofMormon Study

by Dr. Hugh Nihley

PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION

BR AM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Part 6

Joseph Smith wanted only one Again, we are forced back onto the things, but one cannot imagine any thing of the Book of Mormon—old dilemma. Joseph Smith was inhabitant of this planet composing

that people should believe it. The either the fantastic, preposterous, imjust this type of book in the ninestory never sold well and only made plausible (jinni) genie his enemies teenth century. It is to other ages

the most monthat we must turn for the prototypestrouble for the "author."Those who describe—perpetratingbelieved he was a prophet would strous crimes ever conceived by man of the Book of Mormon.

have believed him just as much withwith a clear countenance and sunny Among the Scrolls is a great out the Book of Mormon. His enemies disposition, performing prodigies of "Hymn of Thanksgiving,"a literary

would have had far less against him—labor for no reward but danger and composition of real merit yet one

the Book of Mormon might even be contempt, engineering the most fiendwhich contains hardly a single original called his undoing. From the day he ishly cunning, criminal operations line! "These songs are as if woven

received the plates it gave him only completely without motive—or else he from quotations from the Old Testatrouble and pain. was telling the truth. There is no ment.... The style closely imitates

But leave Joseph Smith out of it. middle way, for the Book of Mormon that of the Psalms and other poetic

Whoever wrote the Book of Morwas given to the world as scripture, writings of the Old Testament.

...mon wanted before all else that peoto be believed in the most literal Biblical reminiscences abound

ple should believe in it. But what sense. It is that aspect of it which quotations shine out at every mocould any impostor gain by that? A gives us the key to the book's authorment."5 "This poetry illustrates the

deceiver would want people to buy ship. One can imagine all sorts of use of set and hallowed expressions

the book, and would write a book that would sell—what concern of his

whether anvone believed it or not?

That rules out anyone but Joseph

Smith as the author, for his case only was strengthened by such belief. As

for a minister such as Spaulding or r'

Sidney Rigdon producing it, that is completely out of the question once we appreciate the immense emphasis laid by the Book of Mormon itself on being believed, for what greater o> im outrage or deadlier risk could a minister of the gospel run than that of forging scripture? Did Spaulding's

heirs ever think of the terrible crime with which they were charging him?

They asked the world to imagine the venerable divine in the presence of his attentive loved one reeling off a fefpg;

recitation of his own composition which, if not genuine, could only be The historic town and port of Suez is two miles north of the southern terminus of the grossest blasphemy! the Suez Canal.

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in religious writing to convey ancient not ignorant of the scriptural parallel, word for faith, except that it was the and eternal ideas: the employment of nor can he have overlooked it. "There things we hope for?

stereotyped phrases is not a sign of is nothing easier,"says Blass, "than If faith is the keynote of Moroni's mental weakness here, but actually to argue from contacts and resemwhole commentary on the Book of of artistic skill. If the Book of Morblances that a text is spurious,"and Ether, it is also the keynote of the

mon actually comes from the Old he reminds us that, since parallel Messianic religion, which was beWorld religious milieu with which it passages are extremely common in fore all things a religion of hope. We

identifies itself, it also should resort literature, to view even close parallels have noted above that the Scrolls, the often to set and accepted forms of as a proof of fraud is a very unApocrypha, and the New Testament expression, and the last thing we critical practice. 58 In the present speak a common language wherever

should expect to find in it would be case, however, it is hard to see how they have "apocalyptic associations."

gropings for original means of exMoroni could have avoided speaking The Book of Hebrews, aside from pression. And this is what, to the like Paul, since they are both disbeing the most baffling and mysteridistress of modern literary critics, we cussing the same limited concept ous piece in all the scriptures, is also

do find. jrom the same traditional point of the most apocalyptic, and the

An interesting phenomenon, anview. In the chapter in which the eleventh chapter is the nucleus of

nounced by D. W. Thomas in 1950, passage occurs, the word faith is the whole thing; it runs, in the

supplies an important commentary on used no fewer than twentysix times, Apocryphal tradition, through the list the Old World background to the for this is Moroni's great treatise on of the "elders"of each of the ancient

Enoch, Noah,Book of Mormon. It can be shown faith. What word did he use? Suredispensations—Abel,

from the Lachish ostraca (discovered ly the classic amn was the root, for Abraham, Joseph, Moses, and Christ, in 1935 and, up until the finding of it is used in all Semitic languages showing how each lived by faith and the Scrolls, "the most important find as in Egyptian to express the basic so received things from heaven. In

the reviews way, "faith,"the same Moroni ideas of or firm- (1) loyalty in Biblicalever archaeology"), made 59 history in terms of faith, showBoth world's and (2) expectation. Bible"that bears upon ness, our Hebrew

it the stamp of the dialect of Judah these ideas are clearly expressed in ing that men must live by faith in the current about the sixth century the bestknown of all Semitic words, hope for things to come. And in the

B.C."57 This can only mean that our our own "Amen."59 This is rendered same way all the Apocrypha, a huge

oldertext of the Old Testament comes from in the Septuagint by genoito, a simand very ancient literature—far

or of this, Paul than optative expressing hope: Moroni—treat "May of Lehi timeabout the and GOil

all their theme. standard Since direct in to pass!"Faith, the come Bible theresembles he used—forclosely pleit writers these the have concepsame details of the concreteotherwise particular of Semites, the the language and

dialect of his time and place could is something hoped for: the Arab has tion of history, religion, and politics,

is it that surprising they should have text. possibly innot the predominate for abstract do, "faith"as no word we

faith, ideas the the cornerabout same close case, the the beingThat of instead uses but terms a number of stone the doctrine? whole The of notthough all slavish-—adherence in the "something meaning mind,"Scrolls just are beApocrypha and in the quotationsOld Testament Book or "something wished.""imagined to ginning of the show us what Bookof to style of the our Mormon own else could said have Moroni What so describes fully so Mormon andBible as a be not regarded need

if (or used Semitic he any Egyptian) (Continued on page 246) If leastsuspicious circumstance. the

be said for it, this is a fortunate coincidence for the Book of Mormon, for though of course it does not prove the correctness of the book, it does prove that the Nephite scripture is not guilty of anachronism when it quotes the prophets in words that seem to be taken from our own version of the Bible.

The Book of Mormon passage most often attacked as evidence of fraud is the statement in Ether that "...

faith is things which are hoped for and not seen."(Ether 12:6.) The

natural impulse is #to detect in the verse an obvious distortion of Hebrews 11:1, but wouldn't Joseph

Smith while translating the Book of

Mormon have had the same idea? A

basic principle of textual criticism is that impostors always avoid obvious pitfalls, and when they make crude blunders, it is because of ignorance The Isaiah Scroll, found by Bedouin during the summer of 1947 in a cave near theand oversight—but the Prophet was north end of the Dead Sea.

APRIL 1954 233 They sat on the bank, overgrown with dandelions and snakegrass...

ANDCARTS WESTWARD

Part 2 SYNOPSIS Pam,quincecanpreserves?"Phil and Iaskedhave Jerry.some arrivedPamelain IowaBrownleeCity in and1855,heron theiryoungwaybrother,to Zion.Allan,HereEnglishthey meetemigrants,the Saundershave

family and their friends the Weilers, longtime members of the Church. Pamela

Pamela busily engaged in mopping is particularly attracted to David Weiler. Iowa City, at that time is the outfitting

up the kitchen floor, turned to see post for the Saints in their trek west, and Pamela and Allan and all their the two little boys in the doorway. newfound friends are longing to be an actual part of that movement westward.

"I'll spread some on bread in a minute for you,"she answered. "How

are things at your house, Phil?"her home. Light pieces of furniture, It is a fine study of a great man."

"All right. David and Jed have settee, and chairs with curlicue arms, Minerva spoke reverently as her nimgone cattle buying. Ma wants you delicate, violet muslin curtains, tasteble needle slipped in and out of the

to come over."Smiling at the small fully hung, seemed to center around garment she was sewing. "And his

replica of his brother, she said, "Tell a heavy gilt framed photograph of the wife is a great lady, also."

her I will."Prophet Joseph as commander of the "You knew them both very well,

Anyone knowing Minerva Weiler Nauvoo Legion. didn't you?"Pamela's eyes were

took for granted the cheerfulness of "Everyone looks at it a great deal. bright as she listened avidly for any

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bit of information of these two. The tions, the deep throaty voice, black side until they came to the muddy

memory of them meant so much to eyes, and lustrous dark hair, making river which to Pamela had suddenly all who had been privileged to asso- a picture any artist would like to become a sparkling stream, blue as ciate with them. paint."the heavens. They sat on the bank,

"Yes, very well."Her sewing lay Pamela hung on every word of the and David began: "I'm not good

in her lap, as she smiled reminiscentdescription. Still gazing at the enough for you, Pam. There are

ly. "When I could get away, I used mother of the boy she was growing many stalwarts in the faith more

to go up to the Mansion House and fond of, she thought of a friend's worthy of you."

help her with her many household description of her: "There is a cer- "David, listen to me. I met some

duties. It was supposed to be a sort tain light emanating from her soul, of the very finest men, missionaries

of hotel, but they didn't always which seems pitted against the powers from Zion, but not by word or deed charge for board and room. It can of darkness."did they hint that they were looking

easily be understood when you think Like her husband, Mrs. Weiler imfor a wife. As for me, I just didn't

of the many people coming and going, plicitly trusted in the words of Presifeel that way about them."

curious outsiders, investigators,, and dent Joseph Smith. He had said, "We "Perhaps later—in the valley."

Church members. Every new conteach our people correct principles, "David, if I can't have you, I want

vert wanted to see and talk to the and they govern themselves."They no one."

Prophet. If it was anywhere near interpreted that as referring also to "I was thinking only; of your hapmealtime, the visitor was invited to the rearing of a family. So they had piness."

remain. The table was spread with

the bounties of earth—fine beef,

fresh vegetables from their own garden, pies, cakes, jellies, and preserves. Naturally as the persecution

became more intense, they had to be more particular about charging.

I remember one very warm day, after finishing the dishes and setting the house to rights, Emma and I sat outside in the cool shade of the house.

I admired the pretty climbing roses.

She said, Til clip you a bouquet. 9

Across the spacious lawn we saw

Joseph the Prophet, coming through the gate.""Oh, tell me what he looked like,"

Pamela spoke breathlessly.

tall athletic was and "He m build; not taken too much to heart the attiPamela felt her face turning pink,

to wrestle loved thehe brethren with and engage in other sports. He was tudetruth, ofthetheirrealeldesttroubleson,withDavid.the boyIn "WhoPamelawouldof DarbyhaveValepredictedwouldthatproposeMiss

lightcomplexioned. His eyes beamed was a young man?"a feeling that God had deserted to

boys,with pride on his little who his people. that, Pam, sweetheart. "Hardly

with my David, were tumbling on the Stephan Weiler coming into the I've loved you with all the longing grass and running through the everroom, sat down. "I think I see in my heart. But I was afraid to

greens bordering the path. He had David's conception of God is changhope. I feared I'd lose you."

reason to be proud of the little feling. It is something which cannot "Never fear again."

lows, for they were as handsome as happen quickly, but it is there. It He drew her close and whispered,

you would want to see."is being mirrored in the friendly "We'll be married soon."

"No finer in I feel Iowa, looking than David,"neighbors those not of our that "But David, I owe my said, smiling.Pamela

sees a kindly of peaceloving their asking parents the courtesy faith. He

"Perhaps not. As he approached people and is gradually deciding that permission."

us, I remember his affable cheerfulover them and us is a loving heavenly "All right, but you must remember ness, the considering that even then Father."that in leaving with I am my family

in. I can'tmobocrats were closing

the first handcart in the What he said was indeed true. The companydescribe his expression—it was pepredominant professions in the state spring. I have the assignment to

culiar to himself alone. But I know were preachers and lawyers, the latdrive the cattle. Edmund Ellsworth

that one's eyes naturally rested on ter being busy with minor cases, suits will captain it, and Father will drive him, and one never tired of hearing over boundary fences and a cow enthe commissary wagon."

him speak. It was a real treat to see croaching on a neighbor's property. "It sounds thrilling. I'll get the

him with Emma, such adoration as Technical points of law were secondletter off at once, and surely an anthey showed for each other. There ary to the wit and humor the case swer will be here in time."

was a slight weariness in his counteevoked.

nance this day which was lifted when HHhe night came at last when he looked at her. As she greeted him, Aeeting Pamela after her day's Phineas'voice was heard cutting

I noted her olive complexion, tinted work at the store, David asked through the cold of the winter night.

pink with the heat and recent exerher to go riding. They rode side by (Continued on page 254)

APRIL 1954 235 Four Visits in Hopiland

iiutyAi, by S. Dihvortb Young

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

FIRST OF TWO PARTS

JDll K/Ofttl 9i, *l,

being at peace and getting along When we reached the center of expanse of the Arizona desert, one

If with one's next door neighbors is the village, we dismounted and exsenses the isolation of the tribe and any sign of civilization, the Hopi plored on foot. Quite often we would why the community stays so closely

tribes of Indians atop their three meet aged Hopi men or women. We knit. A hive of bees work with no

mesas in Arizona are a highly civiwould give them a greeting and more common purpose than do the lized people. A Hopi is usually at smile, and they, in courteous acknowlHopis insofar as their community life

peace with himself and with his edgment, would say some word unis concerned. Each works for himneighbors. Becoming at peace with intelligible to us, in return. But the self, but each works also for the good

oneself is one thing which, in Amersmile with which they said the words of all. The cliffs surrounding them

ica, many a person has not yet learned indicated to us that they were friendseal in their interest and their activivery well how to do. For unknown ly and not unhappy about our being ties and turn community life into

centuries the Hopi have clung to there. I had a feeling that I was itself.

their table mountain homes. Narrow, walking around in their private yards I walked along the edge of the cliff

flat mountaintops are their building without asking permission to do so toward the west end of the mesa. It

lots. Their fences are the abysses and felt some degree of shyness for wasn't far. The whole village is enwhich drop ofT steeply on all sides, fear that I would give offense by the compassed in a distance of not more

protecting them from their enemies. intrusion. than a quarter of a mile in length

It would take an intrepid warrior inThe village of Walpi is very picand perhaps seventyfive yards in its deed to attempt to storm these masturesque. Here and there strings of widest place, coming to a point where

sive buttresses to get at the villages. red peppers hang from the windows, both sides narrow down until a few

Narrow trails wind along the cliffs a happy splash of color against the steps in any of three directions places to the top. Any of these trails can brown adobe walls. The windows one on the edge of the precipice.

be defended by a half dozen men are small and set far back in the I gazed over the expanse of the against a multitude. walls, giving an air of mystery to landscape. Far to the west and north

From a distance, one sees their the buildings. The day was warm stood the great buttresses of Second

flatroofed homes, piled indiscrimiduring our visit, so most of the doors Mesa, and farther on, sharply etched nately one upon another, with eager to the homes were open, but their against the desert sky, stood Third anticipation. Even so it was with Presiinteriors were dark. We were in the Mesa. I could see the small, toylike

dent Golden Buchanan of the Southbright sunlight so that the light itself houses atop Second Mesa, but the diswest Indian Mission, Sister Buchanan, formed an effective screen against tance to Third Mesa was too great and me, one morning as we apour viewing the inside. We were not for this view. I have been told that

proached the village of Walpi on First invited in, although I am told that the Hopis, leaving their cliff fortress,

Mesa. should we have gone up to doors oftentimes run great distances across

Today a modern automobile road and knocked, very likely we would the desert to their small fields to winds up the side of the cliff to the have been invited inside. spend the day in cultivating the corn

village. I was sorry, for I should In several strategic places ladders and beans which grow in the sandy

like to be forced to use the only way protruded from the ground from soil, their roots seeking deeply for the the ancient Indians had of reaching mounds of brick and earth. These water which feeds them. Then they

the top, the narrow trail scaling the were circular in nature and flat on trot back at the close of the day to ': precipices. top with wooden framed openings their homes.

As we reached the top of the through which the ladders protruded. In the old days watches were kept

mountain, we found ourselves sudWe were given to understand these constantly at the top of the cliff for denly in the narrow village street, were the kivas, those mysterious subsigns of invading Navajos and lined on both sides with the adobeterranean rooms in which the Hopis Apaches, but nowadays it is not walled homes of the Hopi. We had perform the mystic rites of religion necessary, and the old watchtowers

a feeling akin to that which one handed down to them from generaare unused.

would have should he try to drive tion to generation. About thirty feet While musing, with my back to the

his car through ten or fifteen back from the edge of one of the kivas, village and enjoying the soft color of yards of his neighbors, peering into the flat land ceased, and the cliff the desert lights against the distant the doorways and windows as he dropped sharply away. Standing on cliffs, I heard a shuffling sound, acdrove by, all at arm's reach. the edge and looking over the vast companied by the shrill scream of an

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA eagle. It sounded too near for comand replaced the water supply. Then joyment out of it. They prospect the

fort, and I instinctively ducked. Lookhe turned to go. I asked him why distant mesas and cliffs, watching the

ing up into the air I could see nothing, he kept the eagle in captivity and how flying birds from a distance until but as I turned around, coming tohe came to obtain it in the first place, they see them alight on the cliff face.

ward me along the narrow edge of but he shook his head and made no Then the hunters draw near, until the cliff was an aged Hopi man. reply. Somehow, by this sign I they can see where the nest is loAround his black hair was bound a understood that he did not speak cated. If the cliff can be scaled, they

bright red cloth band. He carried English. I do not speak Hopi, so I climb up to the nest. If it is inacin his hand a small pail and stopped had to imagine what he might have cessible or the nest is on a ledge which

at a small shed next to the house said. During my scouting days I had is under an overhang on the face

nearest to me. learned the rudiments of the Indian of the cliff, the Indians raid the nest

Many years ago, as a small boy sign language, so I tried what I confrom the top of the cliff. In the antaken with the idea of having pigeons, ceived to be the proper use of these cient days the trunks of trees formed

I had built such a shed against the signs, but they must have been rudian anchor around which they wound barn on our lot. The roof sloped mentary, for the old man did not retheir ropes on which they lowered

back. Its dimensions were about three spond to the effort. Soon he turned one of their companions over the

feet square. The front was covered away and plodded on moccasin feet cliff to the nest. Now, iron bars

with a heavy wire screen, a part of around the end of the building and are driven in the ground for the same which had been fashioned into a disappeared from view. purpose.

small door. The Hopi stopped before Later in the day I engaged in conThe Indian is lowered on the rope

this cage, for that is what it was, versation with a friendly Hopi who until he is even with the nest. Then

and opened the door and began to could speak English. I asked him to he starts himself swinging until he

insert pieces of meat from his pail. tell me the story of the eagle. The swings in and reaches the young

I drew close, but did not speak, particular eagle which I saw was a eagle out of the nest. Clutching the

for the old man seemed to be intent ceremonial eagle being raised for its young bird tightly, he swings back on his work and bore an air of not feathers, its claws, and its beak. All and is drawn up to safety. The young

wanting to be disturbed. Roosting on of these portions of the eagle are eagle is then carried home and put in

a perch within the cage was an imused by the Hopis in their religious a cage and carefully nursed and fed mense golden eagle. I could tell from ceremonies in the kiva. The eagle until he is completely grown and

the plumage that the bird was young, feathers are most highly prized of matured. Then he is ceremoniously

although practically full grown. As any. The tail and wing feathers of an killed and his feathers plucked carethe man laid the pieces of meat on a eagle are probably the nearest to simfully. These are prepared and treated

small board just within the door, the ple beauty of any in the bird world. for the various ceremonial costumes.

eagle would reach forward and snap Pure white from the quill to near the They form a very important part of them up, all the while looking fiercely tip, there they are splashed with a Hopi life and culture and are highly at his captor. The eagle looked balebeautiful brown. They are used in prized.

ful and wicked, but it was not hard many ways and on many parts of II to tell that the old man fed the eagle the Indian ceremonial costume.

with a great deal of affection. The birds are caught while still HPhe buildings at old Oraibi atop

Having given the eagle all the unable to fly. The process is a Third Mesa, which we visited

meat in the pail, the old man undangerous one, but the Indians who next, are falling into disrepair and screwed from the wire a small can engage in it get a great deal of en- (Continued on page 259)

*sa "':-- v "IH lvWiL vCS V-,

i*fe; W*M.

=gg83BSBf3jgigg*iy?;$'aJJJWJR

APRIL 1954 237 *aMwaM>nw*.rwiv.'*.i <r*dSi!H'WS''iS*<i<!V5fWW>lftWIW&s&MWSMWWSWiSfiW?!

//i //*? J/*px of

ABRAHAM by Stanley Kimball

IV 'i$ilWMmMiiWBI&vi0—Photos by the author

Thebordertraintownpulledof intoseveralAchochola,hundreda

Turks, a little after midnight. The

little Arabic I had learned was useless. Oh, well! So that the police "Abraham's Door,"

would know that I was in town, or this group of stones better yet, so that the inhabitants hasnamed.been fancifullyThe ruinedso

would know that the police knew tower of medieval

I was in town, I checked my luggage timeshigh. isThisoveris 100whatfeetis

with them and then put up for the left of Haran, where rest of the night in the local khan. Abraham went after

I crawled into "bed,"and that day's leaving Ur.

adventures were over.

I arose early, hoping to have a full day to accomplish something. Here

I was in the border town between

Turkey and Syria, the closest rail stop to Haran, where Abraham and company traveled after leaving Ur.

(You find yourself in the most surprising places when you endeavor to follow a four thousand year old trail.) Clouds were everywhere, and

it looked as if I would not get many good photographs of Haran. police to find out how to get to Haran. tongues. It soon became apparent

I delayed sightseeing in Achochola Our conversation was rather limited that I must either change my itinerary until my return and went to see the inasmuch as we spoke no related a little or rent an expensive jeep. I

changed my itinerary. It seemed that

the best thing to do was to go to the city of Urfa first and thence to

Haran. Urfa was about fifty miles

north of Achochola. Soon I was in

a truck traveling over what passed for a road. We "roared"out of town

at 30 kilometers an hour. There was

no battery, and every time we stopped to pick up some Turk, who would appear on the plains out of nowhere, it was necessary to get out the crank to get going again.

Just when Urfa came into view, we had a blowout. Not willing to

lose any time, I bargained with the next truck that came along and was soon in the police station of Urfa letting them know my business. I

checked in at a hotel and was off immediately to see the sights.

::::--...::::..

There is Christian one of ruin im- "shieks"of the plains Two around ancient Haran, of Abraham. horses home The see, to the citadel. All thathave no bit controlled and are a single the by rein. Notice sugarloaf the backportance homes in

ground. remains of this thirdcentury build238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

At any rate, Christianity was in

Edessa by the time of Irenaeus (85

A.D.). Edessa is said to have become

the first Christian kingdom. It was

also the earliest seat of Syrian -speaking Christianity. By the third century it was the seat of a bishop. 39

Of much greater interest is the connection of Urfa with Abraham and Mohammedanism. Mohammed

searched for a common ground on which to construct a faith which he probably hoped would include all monotheists. The common ground of

that religion was Abraham. Mohammed saw that Abraham lifted the

reproach of heathenism from the

Arab race. "More 'than once Mohammed declared that he did not come

to found a new religion, but to restore and propagate in the Arabic language the religion of Abraham,

Cemetery adjacent to the Mosque of Abraham. The fez was abolished in the 1920's. Moses, and Christ."

Oldtime Turks preserved their traditional headgear even in death. Note the young Turk

in the now familiar cap. In the Koran we read that Abraham even built the Kaaba, the most

ing is the foundation, the mote, market, mosques, the Christian holy shrine in the Moslem world, situcut out of rock, and two gigantic church, the seat of an Armenian ated in Mecca. Authorities say this is

pillars still defying time and gravity. archbishop. impossible, and even U Encyclopedic

Not much to see, its great stones Urfa, formerly known as Edessa, de L'Islam denies it. The Koran also

bear mute testimony to the skill and came into importance under the recounts the revelations of Abraham, diligence of its builders long since Seleucus Empire (c. 312 B.C.). The his visitations of angels, how he was

gone. many roads that connected Asia taught the doctrine of the resurrecFrom its heights above the city I Minor and Mesopotamia reached tion, his sacrifice of Isaac, and other

could gaze out over the plains where Syria either at Antioch or Edessa. 37 doctrines that Mohammed most likely

Abraham may have journeyed. Here Tradition states that Christianity was abstracted from the old Testament.

I caught a fair view of Urfa, its main established here by one of the sevenMohammedanism tradition and street, twisting alleys, horse and cattle ties 38 sent by Thomas the Apostle. (Continued on page 272)

The front door of a home in Haran. Notice the mixture o Everything for sale from shoes to nuts in this Turkish "general

basalt ruins and mud bricks used to fashion the doorway. store"in Achochola, a border town between Turkey and Syria

APRIL 1954 239 "... anyway, there was no percentage

in sitting on a ditch bank daydreaming."

sight of the little cotsitting on a ditch bank daydreaming. a bass accompaniment. The peace

tage half hidden among A sweet dream though, he and Carol of the sounds, the feel of the returning the trees was a tonic and the cottage! bothered him.

no, Dan Hulgren corKorea was behind him. In a few "Promise. Phooey."

rected his thought, it was weeks he would be graduated. Carol Presently Dan climbed on the

a sedative. Made him think he had had indicated that she was willing tractor again, and its coughing

prospects, lulled him into thinking he to risk married life with him. Then smothered the good earth sounds. He

could have what he wanted when why wasn't he? loved the feel of the wheel under his

he knew better. If he owned this Like a faintly heard melody spring hands but, more, he loved to watch

land instead of being a hired hand; was thrumming her way back after the ribbon of earth drop in brown

if he owned this tractor—if he came a long winter. Wind, soughing folds beside the share.

from a family that owned land or gently across dormant fields, rattled As he made the turn at the head tractors there might be some point empty seed pods and rustled dry of the field, Dan cut the motor again.

in looking wishfully at the house. grass blades together in a paean of If this place were not sold by next

Anyway, there was no percentage in promise. Up the ditch a frog added spring, he might be able to rent it.

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Dorothy Clapp Robinson

l''..;.::"> Jimson place that is half dry farm is mean the tractor was to be used at

the only place left. No one would night. "But, Dad,"he tried again, "I

have it as a gift. I tried my best to watched you trying to plow that

get that forty ahead of Steve Baker, alfalfa. That team and old plow

and if Dad had been here, we could couldn't touch it."

have swung it.""True, but there is nothing more I

Mrs. Hulgren had put aside the can do about it this year. We'll

biscuits she was making and had manage. Wc always have, and I

faced him. "You have the wrong have faith that everything will work

idea, Dan. Losing our place had out for the best."

nothing to do with your father's Dan left the table hurriedly lest

Church actviities."he say something he would regret. If Dad had been home this spring, "But he is always—Such methods, and this talk of faith

/ie could have rented it. "No. No. It was a little bad luck, got him down. Every farmer must

Dan turned and looked back across perhaps a little poor judgment, and have faith, but he must have judgthe highline ditch to where his father signing that note with his brother—ment as well. So here they were on

was plowing with a team. The land "Who had no more prospects or the Jimson place with prospects for

he was trying to work had been intention than a jack rabbit of paying a fine crop of weeds. And then he

seeded to alfalfa several years earlier. it back."wondered why he didn't ask Carol

Some of it had survived drought and "No prospects, but you are wrong to marry him. But how did he know

renters and now stippled the field about the intentions. And what kind he would do any differently? And

with stubborn, tenaciously clinging of brother would your father have who, in his right mind, would ask a plants. been had he refused to help at such girl to share such a prospect?

Dad was trying, but he wasn't a time?"Dan was in no mood to talk to

cutting the alfalfa roots! He'd have a "What about his own family, and anyone that evening but he had a

great crop at that rate, but what you especially?"date to study with Carol. Reluctantly

else could he be expected to do with "Don't feel sorry for me. I have he put his text on soil chemistry under

that team? just what I want. It isn't every his arm and started across the fields.

Oh, well, that forty acres wouldn't mother who has a family like mine."Carol greeted him from the shadow

raise wheat anyway, especially if There had been no answer to that of a tree near the yard gate. "Hi.

water was scarce. Savagely Dan but to hug her and go back to work. I was listening for your jalopy."

swung the tractor about. That's what He was working for Steve Baker Jalopy! Probably all he would

happened when a man was off doing after school and on Saturdays to help ever have. He answered shortly. "I

Church work when he should be home himself through school and because felt like walking. Quite educational,

tending to the business of making a he loved the work. especially across your Dad's wellliving. But that was Dad, and the That evening Dan broached the tended fields."

pattern of his life; buy a place on subject to his father. "Look, Dad, Carol ignored his sarcasm. He

too small a payment, have a crop why don't I rent Steve's tractor and had been moody lately, but she could failure or two; sign a note for somedo that plowing for you?"go along with that since he was

one who needed help, then be off on Mr. Hulgren looked across the working early and late, and school

a shortterm mission when he should table at his son. "I have no money responsibilities were piling up, but

have been home looking for a place for renting a tractor."acting like a spoiled child was someto rent. "But I can—"thing else again.

"Don't worry,"Mother had told "You'll need what you earn to "What happened, did you work him when this forty Dan was plowhelp out on graduation. Besides, late?"

ing had been rented to Steve Baker. by the time you are finished at Steve's "No. As a matter of fact I quit a

"Your father will find something and he has finished all he has promlittle early."He smiled.

when he gets here."ised, it will be too late.""Aren't going to tell, huh?"

"What, for instance? That old All Steve had promised, that must (Continued on following page)

APRIL 1954 241 SPRING IS A MELODY (Continued from preceding page)'Wright. Larry had always liked her. "Well—whatl lias life brought

Startled Dan looked at her. The She was not waiting on the steps of Mother?"

moon shining through the leaves the Union Building for the ride "Plenty. She got what she

varnished her hair and touched her home. wanted."

lips. Her eyes were in shadow. "You're crazy. With the moving, "What do you mean?"he deCpring passed swiftly into early the uncertainty, the lack of money—

manded. summer. Graduation was a

chuckled. Loie money "Who said "Forget it."nightmare. Dan attended only those as for she wanted? was what And around. squared His heart functions Dan where his presence was rethe moving, we seem to have put our flipflops temper. doing with his quired.was

if I roots plenty."deep, you get what

I love"Carol, you know you—"Dan, happened and to you what mean."

quickly. she you?"answered "Do sister his asked. Loie Carol?""Why I still "I get mean, you but what never say love me, but you"You you is she going Larry with Wright?"see—don't If it istalk ring a about she prefers him.""I suppose she suddenly. asked "Dan,""Arethat's worrying marriage.you—."my, aren't "My, we noble."afraid of marriage, or of youryou groaned. he make Dan How could

her understand when he was not Then, before the graduation dance, self? Or of what the years will

sure he understood. All he knew she asked again, "What happened bebring?"

was that he was afraid, but of what? tween you and Carol? Aren't you "I am not sure. What keeps a

Himself, or her? taking her to the dance?"woman loving a man when he fails?

"Try and understand."The words Dan started to say he wasn't going, What makes her have faith in him?"

were so trite, so banal, he hated himbut intuition stopped him. "How "Maybe—the feeling that what she

self for saying them. would you like to go with me?"wants is there in embryo. What

"What I understand is that you The light that brightened her face makes spring so wonderful, like tocan'tyou—"makeSheup yourbit herownlip.mind.Oh,Eitherno, madehad beenhim soashamedabsorbedof allhimself.spring Hehe night"Thefor instance?"newness, air9 breezes,she couldn't say such a thing to had scarcely noticed her. He knew moon—

work went came and home from "Those she buthim it was she had—perhaps then helped Mother between and and There is something are but themore—outward signs. well.just as

Dan did not hear her note of rebedtime. He suspected a large part Dan was maneuvering his jalopy

gret. All he heard was confirmation of her earnings went into the houseinto a parking spot. Another car

of his own fears. Angry frustration hold money purse. It came to him came alongside, and there was no

gripped and shook him. Springing now that with Bert, her finance, in more time for confidences. As they

to his feet he strode unseeing, unKorea she must have been fighting entered the gym where the dance hearing across the lawn. Carol a battle all her own. was in progress, Loie whispered,

started after him. Stopping, she "Are you sure you want to take "Don't knock yourself out being

leaned weakly against the tree. Tears me?"brotherly. Think of your own furolled down her cheeks. "I don't ask girls I don't want."ture."

Reaching the ditch above the But- "Oh, Dan."Impulsively she threw He nodded, but she could have

ler farm Dan dropped to its bank. her arms around him. saved her breath. He was not laying

Anger drained away. He felt sick siege to Carol's favor. That was over,

and alone. What had possessed him As they drove through the twilight and he wasn't starting something

to tear off in such a manner? "—You to the dance, Loie said: with anyone else.

can't make up your own mind—.""Answer me this time, Dan. What But he knew the instant Carol

Didn't she know it was because of happened? We thought there was entered the room. Over Loie's

her? going to be a wedding right after shoulder he saw her stand, poised,

He looked back at the Butler home. graduation."looking over the crowd. Then she

The house lay in darkness silhouetted He countered with a question of his was in Larry's arms, and they were by the moonlight. own. "How can you be so cheerful lost among the dancers. He groaned,

Suddenly disgusted with his state when you don't know Bert will reand Loie looked up.

of mind Dan rose slowly and went turn, and you don't know he will "Sweet, isn't she? I always thought

home, but inside him was a ball of want you if he does?"blue made an angel of her."

ice that would not melt. He did not "Ever hear of the word faith?""How did you know?"He stopped.

sleep much that night. "But I am talking about life. Loie was in love herself. But how

Next morning when ready for Bert's folks—."long could love last against disapschool Dan discovered his "jalopy""You mean his mother? She has pointments?

had a flat tire. He had no spare and her ways, and they won't be easy to The orchestra was good, the crowd

by the time he had mended it and live with, but everyone has something, gay; but for Dan the evening was

reached the spot where usually he and I happen to know hers."flat, tasteless. Then Carol and Jim

picked up Carol she was not there. "Suppose Bert is like her? Then Collins danced by. Logic, resoluHe waited a few minutes knowing all there is the prospect of unending tions, everything was washed away

the while that she had gone on. struggle—."by the current set in motion by Carol's

Later in the day he caught a glimpse "Are you by an chance thinking presence. He tapped Jim. Carol

of her crossing the campus with Larry of our folks?"(Continued on page 264)

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA years or even a lifetime without preGenealogy paring it.

Today visual aids form an important part of missionary activities. all over the world and the SpanishAmerican Mission has added one more

visual aid to its list.

Of all the visual aids on the subject of salvation and exaltation, nothThe Living, First ing could be more practical than by Ivie H. Jones actually helping the new candidate

for baptism prepare his own personal family group sheet, and that is just

He deadwho subjectsays thathas genealogyforgotten isthata nancesparted lovedand failedones. toAt remembergreat sacrifice,dewhatmembersthe ofmissionariesthe genealogicaland the comlocal

from the standpoint of the plan these couples have returned to the mittees are doing in the Spanishof salvation there is little separation temple to have their children who American Mission. In fact, many

between the dead and the living, have passed away sealed to them. missionaries are adding this as the

Every person is a vital part of his 3rd—Lack of understanding of the final lessons of the new plan for

father's household, and he should be information necessary has hindered teaching the gospel, intensely interested in connecting research and retarded progress. InMerely having a record of a perhimself with his family line. nocence of this vital part of Church son's own household is only half the

Translated into gospel language, procedure is doubtless not confined, story. His record is not complete ungenealogy means nothing more nor however, to the Mexican members of til he is recorded with his brothers

less than missionary work for the the Church. and sisters, parents and grandparents,

dead and the living. It means getting At first a project to secure a famWith this new system in operation,

the records in order so that all the ily group genealogy sheet for every it is not at all uncommon to receive, members of the family can be bapliving Mexican member in the misalong with the customary record of tized into the Church, and the family sion seemed like hitching one's wagon baptism from the missionaries, family be sealed together on earth, that it to a star. Now the goal is in sight, group sheets prepared by the new

might remain as a unit in the eterniand the results from an educational member for his family, back two or ties. That's all. standpoint in teaching record keepthree generations.

Research itself is interesting. It is ing and the principles of salvation for At the close of a branch conference

challenging and absolutely necessary the dead are highly gratifying. One in Carlsbad, New Mexico, a group

before the dead can be freed from would scarcely imagine the improveof sisters were discussing the spiritual bondage and brought into the Church ment in the accuracy and completefeast just afforded them. A convert

of the Master. It is surprising, howness of the records now being sent of some years had sat there in conever, because of lack of proper organthrough the office of the Spanishference with eyes glued on the face of

ization and especially lack of followAmerican Mission on their way to the each speaker as though she were up, the amount of duplication of Index Bureau, and also in the living drinking in every word, when in effort, time, and money that are exrecords for the mission files. reality she knew no Spanish. When

pended on research. And it is even Having a family group sheet for commenting on her faithfulness in

more surprising that after one has the living on file is not the total anattending all meetings and confertaken the time for research to secure swer to the problem because, as new ences regardless of the language the. information necessary to do the members are brought into the Church, spoken, she made reply that she was

temple work, he stops at that very their records, too, must be on file in so grateful for her membership in critical point and the departed loved the same form. This, however, need the Church and so perfectly happy

ones remain unbaptized. not be an insurmountable task. By that she could not afford to miss a

the time an investigator has applied meeting. "I am the only one in my

N the research for the Mexican for baptism, he knows that baptism family who is a member of theI members of the Church, more than is not for the living only. He also Church,"she said with a degree of

casual interest has been devoted to realizes that when Christ said that a pride.

securing the genealogy for the living man must be born of the water and "Have none of your dead relatives members. This emphasis has been of the spirit to enter into the kingdom been baptized vicariously?"she was

threefold1st—Heirshipin purpose.has been difficult to ofthatGod,onlyhe didthosenot whointendthento implylived asked.it was learned"Why, no,"that sheshe said.had neverSoon

establish, not only because of the needed baptism. He understands that even gathered the records of her

limited members in a family who are all who have lived, all who now live, family or attempted to have any temin the Church, but also because of and those who will yet be born into pie work done for those who had died lax marriage ceremonies and the the world must comply with this without a knowledge of the restored many inlaw relationships. requirement to be exalted in the celesgospel, nor had she been to the tem2nd—Experience has taught that tial kingdom. There is nothing compie for her own endowments. "So,

lack of preparation in advance has plicated or mysterious about such here you sit enjoying your memberresulted in waste of time, effort, and teachings, but unless someone helps ship in the Church and partaking of finances. Couples have gone to the the investigator or shows him the the blessings of the Lord, when you

temple for their own temple ordineed for such a record, he may go (Concluded on page 263)

APRIL 1954 242 nothing but the stone! Yes, she

could have been one of them. And

tomorrow, Easter....

"You believe what's in the book,

Nurse?"Johnny spoke softly.

"The stone was rolled away—remember? Let's hang on to our faith

tonight, both of us. Let's keep thinking of the empty tomb."

He smiled wanly, turning his brown head on his pillow. He was so

young, Laurie thought as she left him, scarcely twenty. He couldn't

die. He had a girl back home in

Michigan. He'd said so. He had

parents too, a home, a future. Laurie

knew, at twentyfour, that faith was not a quackish miracle. She had

seen it win against heavy odds too many times. Even Doctor Parker,

cold scientific man that he was, had said prayer had a therapeutic action that was a powerful force in recuperation. But if she did not sincerely

believe herself, how could she give others faith? She would believe, she

told herself firmly. Away with doubts!

Dear God, I leave Hart in thy tender care. I believe. And then the ageold plea of the father of the child:

Lord, I believe; help thou mine Unbelief.

Through the white rooms, the white corridors, Laurie moved silent-—Eva Luoma photo ly, efficiently. She glanced down at

ll that evening the weight of her She administered a sedative acdark Italian faces, high cheekboned anxiety hung heavily on Nurse cording to the doctor's orders, and Irish, broad Scandinavian features,

Laurie Tungeln. It was seven Johnny continued staring at her. and all the others. She smiled as she

weeks since Hart had written from "What day is it?"he croaked. straightened a pillow. She spoke a

Korea. The questions resolved them- "The night before Easter."word of encouragement, patting a

selves over and over again in her "Easter...."He laughed bitterly. cover in place. And always there was

mind. Had he been injured? Was "What does Easter mean to you, the candle in her heart fluttering

he missing? A prisoner? Dead? She Nurse?"bravely against the winds of doubt.

lingered on each possibility until her Laurie thought of Hart and the Past midnight now. The only light

blond head beneath her perky nurselonely terror of the last few weeks. in the silent VA Hospital was over

cap ached. Her legs moved mechaniShe tried to smile. the desk at the far end of the hall.

Miss Tromble was reading, hercally. Her hands were numb. "Easter—let's see—I think espeDown the white corridor of the cially about those two women walking redhead bent over a book. She

VA Hospital to Ward 20 now! She toward the garden where He had looked up as Laurie approached.

stopped at the bed by the window. been laid. They were worrying over "I've been waiting for you. SurThat was Johnny Isler's bed, and a stone that was barring the entrance prise!"She held up a telegram.

Private Johnny Isler was a very sick to a grave, sick with grief. They Laurie grasped the yellow envesoldier. He looked up as she bent were expecting a failure and making lope, her hands trembling. She tore

above him, his blue eyes bright with their lives miserable, even as you the flap and pulled out the typefever. and I."written sheet.

"How do you feel, Johnny?"Laurie Johnny continued staring. "Go on,""Trombie, it is from Hart! He's in

asked. he commanded. San Francisco."

"Pretty awful. I have an idea I'm "You know the rest of the story, "Ummm."Miss Tromble smiled.

going out tonight."Johnny. The stone had been rolled "Somebody is going to have a happy

"Who says so?"Flippancy was a away. He had not failed them, only Easter. Want me to send for a rebit on the raw side, yet she couldn't they had failed in their faith, failed lief?"

let him dwell on the seriousness of as we fail him, too, today."Laurie shook her blond head,

his condition. She was speaking at this moment laughing. "Hart won't be in the

"I have a sensation of floating more to convince herself than him. east till late tomorrow. I have oodles

around in space."Like the troubled women, journeying of time."

"That's weakness."to the tomb with their spices, seeing (Concluded on page 270)

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Open'a round bale and you can make a closeup study of hay that is feeding cattle better, at lower cost. Inside

the smooth, weatherresistant outer layer you findfoundBales leaves of grasses or legumes softly rolled up and proproteins is with heavyladen and tected. This hay

... your cattle the difference ARC WORTH vitamins. see can You

LOOKING INTO will show you the difference.

The feeding quality is sealed in. Cattle find it

there even after round bales lie out on the range through rain and snow. This feature, alone, enabled

one cattleman to increase the carrying capacity of his rangeland pastures by 25 percent.

Round bales give you a new efficiency in the l use of hay and grasses. Some ranchers leave the

bales out on the range just as they were dropped by the ROTOBALER. Others use them to supplement stacks... supply auxiliary feeding during seasons of cold weather or drouth... build

up large, reserve stacks for emergencies...

keep a supply handy for yard feeding.

You will find round bales well worth looking into. They can help you solve many problems in

cattle management.

ROTOBALER is an AllisChalmers trademark.

ROTOBALER—Fastmoving, bigcapacity, oneman operated.

Easily handled on PTO by any 2-plow tractor. Bales are twinewrapped, no hazardous wire, no troublesome knotter. Priced so

moderately many ranchers own several! Ask about the new SOFTCENTER bale attachment. (Standard on 1954 models; available

for previous models.)

Lm if JIM jpiMi n HH1 SiHV 'Biffl 91 fHi

TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U. S.

SELFFEEDING ROUND BALES is becoming increasingly popular with ranchers as a means of saving labor and hay! Typical

are these methods illustrated:

1. The cattle rancher feeds from a railed platform.

2. The sheep rancher feeds from a long rack.

These twinewrapped bales are easily pulled apart and eaten by the livestock.

APRIL 1954 245 a

NEW APPROACHES TO BOOR OF MORMON STUDY

(Continued from page 233) proud of his sound literary education, the book. It has to do with repeated

given to recitation. visits of the lord of an estate to hiswell—the complete engrossment of and was much

the righteous folk of Israel in a reSince custom sanctioned and expected vineyard and reminds us that Deissligion of expectation. the use of such terms as he employed mann showed that the Parousia of a

The only rival of the "faithis - in speaking of the grave, it is hard to governor or estateowner, a term emthings-whichare-hopedfor"passage deny him the luxury of speaking as ployed in New Testament times and as a target for critics is Lehi's dehe was supposed to speak. Especially in the Apocrypha to describe the visits

scription of himself as one "... significant is the fact that the ideas of the Lord to this earth, is not of

whose limbs ye must soon lay down to which the aged Lehi here gives Christian origin at all. Both the word

in the cold and silent grave, from such moving expression by no means and the institution are a conspicuous whence no traveler can return."reflect either his own, (or Mormon's, part of the economy of the Near East

(II Nephi 1:4.) This is the passage or Joseph Smith's!) ideas as to what throughout ancient times, 66 but this

the afterlife is really like. That was not known until Deissmann's—the lone passage—that has inspired

those scathing descriptions of the shows that he is indulging in a strictstudies in the present century.

Book of Mormon as a mass of stolen ly conventional and normal bit of Another Book of Mormon custom quotations from "Shakespeare and educated eloquence, as old men are on which the discovery of the Scrolls other English poets."Lehi does not wont to. If he had a weakness for has thrown brilliant light is what

quote Hamlet directly, to be sure, for paraphrasing Hamlet's soliloquy when might be called the cult of the banhe does not talk of "that undiscovered speaking about death, so did all his ner. A text designated by the modern

country, from whose bourne no contemporaries! title of "The Rule of Battle for the

traveler returns,"but simply speaks Speaking of Lehi's poetry, we Sons of Light"shows that the Jews of "the cold and silent grave, from should not overlook the latest study shared with other people of antiquity whence no traveler can return."In on the qasida, that of Alfred Bloch, "a mystical conception of war,"acmentioning the grave, the eloquent who distinguishes four types of verse cording to which the carnage of the

battlefield suract""a sacred was in the the earliest desert resistold poetry: (1) cannot inevitable the man

67 ritual. definite rounded by ragazutterances any silent,"to accompany"cold the and nor equally

rhythmical work, (2) verses for inThe document in question containsinevitable tag about the traveler—

tag so inevitable that not only struction or information, (3) elegies, special instructions for the Children

Shakespeare but also Lehi's own conspecializing in sage reflections on the of the Covenant on the marshalling of temporaries made constant use of it! meaning of life, and (4) Reiselieder the hosts for war: "On the great enof all sign placed the at the head army recited to the ex- a journey on make Friedrick Long ago Delitzsch wrote

64 toshall of be inscribed: 'Army God'edifying. perience pleasant more anda classic work on the Babylonian and

Assyrian, i.e., the common Near EastLehi's qasida, (I Ne. 2:9-10), as we gether with the name of 'Israel and

ern, ideas about death and the beyond. described it in Lehi in the Desert, Aaron'and the names of the twelve

And what was the title of his book? conforms neatly to any of the last tribes of Israel. On the ensign of

the thousand group shall be inscribed:Das Land ohne Heimkehr—"The three of these types, thus vindicating

Land of No Return."61 In the story of its claims to be genuine. The same 'Wrath of God, full of anger, against

Ishtar's descent to the underworld, the verses may also be described as saj, Belial and all the people of his party, lady goes to the irsit la tari, "the land a type of "rhymed prose,"according without any survivors.'On the en-

. originally sign of the hundred group shall beof no return,"(where tari may be the to Nicholson, "which..

same root as that used in our own had a deeper, almost religious signifiinscribed: 'From God comes the

"return,"), she visits "the dark cance as the special form adopted by energy to fight against all sinful house from which no one ever comes poets, soothsayers, and the like in flesh.'"Other inscriptions are given

out again,"and travels along "the their supernatural revelations and for the other military units, all of road on which there is no turning for conveying to the vulgar every them more or less lengthy and proback.""2 Someone is plagiarizing like kind of mysterious and esoteric claiming some inspiring principle or

mad, for these are the most obvious lore."65 program to guide the hosts, and there

variations on the Hamlet themeThe most characteristic mark of are special inscriptions for entering in engaging battle, and reLehi's! Apocryphal Rethan obviouseven more

68 turning from battle. of stereotyped use a thorough Tallquistcently has made literature is imagery—thethe constant battle,

study of Sumerian and Akkadian tower, the vineyard, the kingdom, etc. The flag is an Asiatic invention,69

is a very ancient legend ofnames for the world of the dead; con-—to convey familiar and venerable and there

spicuous among these are "the hole, ideas. This same characteristic is how in the beginning when Iran was

the earth, the land of no return, the conspicuous in Book of Mormon under the rule of the serpent, a blackcity of no return, the path of no writers of the early period, i.e., those smith named Kawe put his leather

turning back, the road whose course who were educated in the Old World apron upon a pole, and "that was never turns back, the distant land, or were brought up by those who the flag of Iranian independence, the steppe, the desert, etc."63 Shakewere. Lehi himself is much given to which, under the name of dirafsh-i-

speare should sue. In Lehi in the allegorical discourse and his dreams kawiyani (Flag of Kawe) remained

Desert we had occasion to note more are full of striking imagery; but to the national standard down to the

than once that Lehi loved poetic dishis son Jacob goes the prize for the time of the Arab conquest."To lead

course and highflown speech, was longest and most involved parable in (Continued on page 248) 246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Why gasoline is a real bargain today

TWO facts lie behind the low price you pay for gasoline:

oil companies work constantly through research to improve products and keep prices low, and they compete intensely for your patronage. That's why Standard opened

the West's first petroleum research laboratory 32 years ago—and invests about $6 million annually in research.

OlW result yOU See here. Thanks to competition, more power, performance and economy. Competition

gasoline prices (aside from taxes) have risen only and research have led to better gas station service, as 20% since 1925... less than half as much as practiwell, and to the worldwide search that has discovered

cally anything else you buy. But there have been the largest known oil reserves in America's history.

other benefits for you, too. Research, motivated by Last year, Standard Oil Company of California

competition, has resulted in a steadily improving gasinvested $225 million in exploration, new oil wells, oline. Two gallons of modern gasoline do the work improved facilities to keep pace with competition.

that required 3 in 1925, and this has paved the way The result is better gasoline at prices which make for lighter, more efficient car engines that give you it one of the real bargains in your family budget.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

APRIL 1954 247 HAVE YOUR CHILDREN SEEN New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study TUBBY (Continued from page 246) the nation under its new flag of liberation the hero Threataona was raised up in the mountains. 70 This

Threataona is a doublet of King

Cyrus, founder of the Persian nation, who holds such a high and holy place in Jewish tradition that he is next to Solomon alone the holiest of kings. 71 Turning now to the Book of Mormon, we read how "... it came to

pass that he (Moroni) rent his coat;

and he took a piece thereof, and wrote upon it—In memory of our God, our

religion, and freedom, and our peace, he wives, our our and children—and THE GOLDFISH? it the fastened end of a pole. upon

... and he took the pole, which had

He's part of the fun of family dinner on the end thereof his rent coat, (and of liberty)."it the title called he

All Moroni on that who followed m the C O F F E E SHOP occasion entered into a solemn coveSpecial china, prices and souvenir menus for your children nant, and once Moroni gained the upper hand, "... whomsoever...

would not enter into a covenant to of he freedom cause the... support Hotel Utah

Max Carpenter, Manager to death."put (Alma be caused to

46:1213, 35.) The surprising savagery and peculiarly OldWorld concepts of "liberty"are matched

perfectly in the special instructions to leaders in the "Rule of Battle"Scroll.

These leaders are priests, whose duty before the battle is to turn towards the enemy, denounce them as a "congregation of wickedness,"and formally dedicate them to destruction. Their

song of trumph, "woven entirely of biblical texts,"has a fierce and Asiatic ring: "... bring the riches of the

nations into Thy dwelling! And may

;r your their kings serve Thee, and may all

needs... Thine oppressors prostrate themselves

Trge or small... before Thee, and may they lick (the

you are certain to dust) from Thy feet!"72 However

receive the very harsh and unsympathetic Moroni's at service best to the modern appear the character may proultra - modern of ancient true child is a reader, he duction plant of Israel.

Press. knowlThe Deseret the News parallels the Nephite between The

the skilled craftsmen of and edge deserve practices World effiand Old of cient the most production modern equipment is available to meet your comment. The case of Kawe is not

printing requirements with accuracy, beside the point here, for it has long economy and speed. been recognized by all scholars in the

field that there are numerous and clear affinities between old Persian

Deseret News Press lore—andtraditions andKaweJewishis at eschatologicalthe heart of31 RICHARDS STREET Phone 4-2581 gpSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the religion of the Magi, his banner

Plant - 1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) Phone 7-1584 Salt Lake City being the holiest symbol of their 248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA priesthood. 73 The identity of Kawe

with Cyrus, the darling of the Jewish doctors, is enough in itself to justify referring to his story. The fact that

we are dealing with false priesthoods does not obscure the significance of traditional institutions: (1) the

garment as a banner, (2) the long sermonizing inscription on it, (3) the idealistic program of liberation proclaimed by the banner, (4) the ritual condemnation of all opponents to death as children of darkness. These

are now known to be widespread concepts in the ancient world, but the discovery is recent. 74 What makes

the Book of Mormon version particularly significant is the fact that

Moroni himself draws the dramatic idea of the "title of liberty"directly from the Old World pool when he attributes the inspiration of the banner not to his own invention but to the teachings of the ancient Jacob,

Lehi's son, who, as we have just noted, was steeped in Old World lore and tradition, and when he informs his followers that they are following in the footsteps of their ancestor Joseph in rending their garments even as his garment was rent. (See Alma 46:24.)

It is clear that the whole episode of the flag of liberty was consciously carried out in the spirit of the ancients, and that story, which might have been taken as pure fantasy up until about five years ago, is now substantiated by the discovery of the "Rule of Battle"Scroll.

The position of First Nephi on things Egyptian receives confirmation BOYCO from day to day. In 1949 Couroyer

published a study in which he pointed out many notable parallels and a few points of contrast between Egyptian and Israelitish literature insofar Everyone in the family will want to grab one of Boyco's Black... and hit the soil... especially when they see as they deal with the subject of the Handled Garden Tools

Way of Life, a theme of great promthebalancednaturalto beautytake theof workits premiumload offashyourgrainhandshandle.... andIt'sfinishedscientificallyfor

literatures a comand in both inence noslip, grip. notwist gardening chores a tighter, your get Watch how

75 Lehi, them. betweenmon bond it easier the pride with of the neighborhood your yard and becomes

will be recalled, was obsessed, dreamBoyco's Iastfor-a-lifetime black beauties.

ing and waking, by the concept of Color Harmonized Hand Tools are ready to dig in and help you with your life as a way and a journey. Recently gardening fun. They're the perfect companions to Boyco's handsome long

A. Mallon has declared that there is handled tools.

evidence for close and continual conLook for Boyco Garden Tools at your Hardware, Nursery, tact between Egyptian and Hebrew Feed or Department Store.

culture not only in Hebrew and Egyptian names (the proper names in the UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

Book of Mormon are split about half and half) but also in the peculiar role that dreams played among both peoples. 76 The long duration and remarkable constancy of relationships

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1954 249 New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study SAVEwith (Continued from preceding page) between Egypt and the Hebrews becently Rowton has shown how the at every step in Haying comes plainer every day. Very reExodus followed upon a period of

Semitic domination in Egypt, and argued that what prevented the occupation of Palestine by the Children of Israel was an Egyptian occupation of that country. 77 So we find the

people of these two cultures constantly trespassing on each other's lands. 77 In his latest work, V. Gordon

Childe describes the nature of the normal bond between Egypt and Palestine: "Native Giblite clerks were

EAGLE HITCH MOWER mounts in minutes on any Case Tractor apparently trained in Egyptian hierowith Eagle Hitch. Lifts clear at a touch of hydraulic control. glyphic writing. In exchange for the

Works fast with full 7-foot cut. Cutter bar "breaks back"if it cedars of Lebanon and perhaps olives

strikes obstacle, returns to operating position by backing tractor. and dyes, the Giblites received and

Antifriction bearings and pressure lubrication assure long life, adopted elements of Egyptian civilizalow upkeep. Ask about heavyduty model for highspeed haying. tion, including writing and all that

that implied, as well as manufactured articles and corn. They remained a

friendly but independent civilized community."78 Long and intimate

ties of commercial and cultural rather than political and military nature are what is indicated by recent excavations, and that is precisely the background of Lehi's world as the Book of Mormon describes it.

(To be continued} MODEL "200"SEMIMOUNTED SIDE RAKE SGDupontSommer,BIBLIOGRAPHYop. cit., p. 69.

Carried at front on Eagle Hitch, other 3-point hitches, or on E7D. Winston Thomas, in Palestine Exdrawbar of standard tractors. Trails properly to rake around corploration Quarterly, 1950, p. 4. Both quotations are from Thomas.

ners, for easy baling or chopping. Sidestroke reel shortens hay MBlass, op. cit, p. 292.

travel, saves leaves. Twowheel ground drive keeps reel in step 59A. E. Silverstone, "God as King,"Journal

with travel speed in any gear, makes fluffy, even windrows. of the Manchester Egyptian and Oriental

Society, XVII (1932), p. 47, on the Rab-

4-WAY PORTABLE ELEVATOR sianicbinical connotations.interpretation of AMEN, with MesHinged sides open flat for bales, fold snug for 00The oldest Semitic version of Hebrews

small grain; other positions for ear corn, 11:1, the Syriac, employs the word

bale chute or as shown, hay. Uses chopped haimanutha, from the conventional AMN material. for loose springbalanced hopper

root. electric Driven engine, by belt or motor, himself Paul of speaks Apocryphal fi0aWhen Easy for and to move one PTO. man

his "is matters, writing a tissue nothing but in Bigger, heavyduty put up. model

42 and 50foot lengths. See your Case of ancient prophetic formulas, borrowed

dealer. J. I. Case Co., Dept. D-344, readymade,"according to Denis Buzy,

Racine, Wis. "L'Adversaire et I'Obstacle,"Recherches de

Science Religieuse, XXIV (1934), p. 409.

01F. Delitzsch, Das Land ohne Heimkehr.

Die Gedanken der Bab.-Assyrer ueber Tod

und Jenseits (Stuttgart, 1911).

P. Jensen, Assyrischbabylonische Mythen

und Epen (Berlin, 1901), p. 50.

Knut Tallquist, "SumerischAkkadische

Namen der Totenwelt,"Studia Orientalia,

V. iv (Helsingfors, 1934), pp. 3, 15f.

MA. Block, "Qasida,"in Asiatische Studien,

iiiiv (Bern, 1948), p. 116.

(Continued on page 252) 250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Two New DeepBlock Engines. You choose between

Six. 115-h.p. I-block Both have extra- Y-block V-8 and like a the industry's most modern engines... the 130-h.p. life. longer quieter, for smoother, engine deep blocks

5 optional power FORD! assists'"you'd

Ford is truly unique in its expect to find there's in fact, class...

like quite a Ford only in the nothing anywhere! Why? Well, no costliest cars

other car gives you such clean, honest lines... such

crisp, fresh styling. No

other offers such smoothly MASTERGUIDE interiors, tailored with POWER rich fabrics and trim colorharmonized to your STEERING choice of body tones.

Of course there are other as the convenreasons, such Control FORDOMATIC AstraDial ient new

Panel... the availability DRIVE

of all the power assists...

and, on the performance side the most modern of power plants and the newest of POWERLIFT front suspensions. WINDOWS

With all these advantages, it's no wonder you so often see two Fords proudly parked in driveways where there SWIFT SURE used to be one costly car. POWER BRAKES

BallJoint Front Suspension

You'll find there's only one lowpriced car with the new Ball- 4-WAY

Joint Front Suspension... POWER SEAT

and that's the '54 Ford! It

allows front wheels to step in and out of deeper holes with less shock to you... *At extra cost.

keeps your ride smooth...

keeps handling easy.

S5SSHSeaeS*W***,i /":

%ur Ford Dealer cordially invites you to Test Drive a'54 FORD

APRIL 1954 251 (t>f>>0\?\3si>A3\3\3\JsNX9s

New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study *j/rom l/[/kere l/l/e Svtre

(Continued from page 250) WR. A. Nicholson, History of Richard L. Evans A Literary

the Arabs (N. Y.: Scribners, 1907), p. 74.

68G. A. Deissmann, Light from the Ancient Qcarcely does it seem possible, but a twelfth part of the

East (N. Y.: G. H. Doran Co., 1927), pp. year has already past. More suddenly and sooner than

369373. The idea is not of Hellenistic we suppose, it will be spring. More suddenly and sooner

it origin, for literais familiar in Egyptian than suppose, it will we the be summer. again soon And

ture to brings the where joy lands Pharaoh will have passed, summer soon again looking and be we shall through tours, his takes royal which he letting his countenance shine (wbn) on at the closing of the calendar, and, soon again we shall be each in turn, just as his father Re makes asking ourselves: Where has it gone, and what have we

the rounds (shenen) of the universe with his done with it? And with a twelfth part of the year past, it

inspecting eye that gives both dread and is not too soon to ask ourselves how we have done with our to is joy all beholders. concept The even determination to be better than we have been, to, do better conspicuous in Asia, more "the where monarch moves like the beneficent sun in a than we have done. We are all imperfect. We all have

tireless round among his people."The problems. We all wish some things were different. In this

theme is treated by Nibley, in Western life it isn't often (if at all) that anyone finds what could

Political Quarterly IV (1951), 241f. be called a flawlessly ideal situation. But if something

op. cit., 07DupontSommer, pp. 79ff. hasn't changed that should have changed, if something

00Nibley, "The Stick of Joseph and the

Stick of Judah,"The Improvement Era, hasn't happened that should have happened in the month of

JanuaryMay, 1953. irreplaceable time through which we have so swiftly moved,

70C. Huart and L. Delaporte, Vlran Antique it may be because we have somehow supposed that the new

(Paris: Michel, 1943), pp. 454f. face of the calendar would do something of itself without our

71A. von Gall, Basileia tou Theou, (Heideldoing something of ourselves. Time does much in its melberg, 186ff, 219, 1926), pp. 182f, 456. lowing influence, in its blessed healing process, in its leavenop. 83. 7"DupontSommer, cit., p.

,sHuart & Delaporte, op. cit., pp. 330, 359, ing and leveling—but for us time doesn't do much but de379. teriorate unless we do some things for ourselves, unless

"Nibley, Western Pol. Quart. IV, 230-5, earnestly we endeavor to improve our past performance.

244-7. Perfecting neither character nor conditions is a process—and 7R. P. B. Couroyer, "Les Hebreux en are altogether at once. made over all The Lord God has Egypte,"Orientalia, III (1921), pp. 68ff.

70A. Mallon, "Les Hebreux en Egypte"given us the truths, the plans, the purposes, with life and

Orientalia, III (1921), pp. 68ff. intelligence and the material things of earth to work with

7!iR. P. B. Couroyer, "Le Chemin de Vie (with people and with problems and saving principles). And

en Egypte et en Israel,"Revue Biblique, LVI by beginning here, we can go on from where we are, and 392411. (1949), begin to come closer to where we would wish to be—always 7<5A. Mallon, "Les Hebreux en Egypte"

Orientalia, III (1921), pp. 68ff. remembering that the only place we can start from is where 77M. B. Rowton, "The Problem of the we are—and there is no time sooner than now. Blessedly, in

Exodus,"Palestine Exploration Quarterly, the swiftly moving scenes of the swiftly moving months 1953, 4660. there is nowhere we cannot begin to go from here if we will

Childe, 78V. Gordon in What Happened—with repentance and work and the faith to begin to bringHistory (Pelican Books, p. 141. 1950),

things about.

Jke JpoLn Jord FROM TEMPLE square

Melchizedek Priesthood Softball PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JANUARY 31, 1954 (Concluded from page 218) Copyright, 1954 the senior Aaronic Priesthood members and.the nonmembers have

shared the benefits of this captivating program. Many have joined the

Church as a result of their initial activity as members of ward softball teams. Here, it is certain,

is an excellent rehabilitating force which will bless and benefit the lives of all male members of the ward.

In the interest of projecting this force into the lives of all who need and will benefit from it, stake presidencies and ward bishoprics are charged by the general priesthood committee with direct responsibility for the success of the program.

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA o Meadows 16"Mealmaster COMMERCIAL WHOLE WHEAT MILL

The result of 50 years'experience. Nothing has been spared, neither time

nor money, in designing this mill. We believe the "MEALMASTER"is 'the

finest and best Stone Burr Grinder built. Grinds 150 lbs. fine flour per

hour -—250 lbs. of coarse flour. Air stream ventilation cools grind, prevents

caking and souring.

16"MEALMASTER without 5 h.p. motor $250 f.o.b.

Weight—910 lbs. crated. (100 lbs. hopper capacity.)

24"MEALMASTER without 15 h.p. motor $500 f.o.b.

(Weight—1,540 lbs. hopper capacity, 140 lbs. does 500 lbs.

fine and 750 lbs. coarse per hour.)

8"Meadows home mill—refer page 679 Sept. '53 Era.

We will furnish you the motors for these at near wholesale prices. They can be sent you f.o.b. from within a 500 mile

radius. Descriptive folder of the above mills, meal bolters,

corn cleaners, and elevating fans will be sent to you free promptly upon request.

\%VV*%\\*VVV\*V%%V*%%VVVVV%%A*VVVV%V***VVV%V%V%\.VVV*%*VV%*

CORONA Grain and Corn Mill SWEDEN SPEED JUICER

Grinds all kinds of soft and World's Finest Home Juicer hard grains for nutritious breads and cereals. Good for nut butJuices all Fruits and Vegetables.

ters. Capacity 1% lbs. Fast, simple, efficient. No peel-

1 only $5.95 ing or coring. Has automatic 12 only.$5.45 feed—no plunger required. At24 only $4.95 tractive, durable and easy to

(Postage and tax included) clean. Powered by a XA h.p.

Electric General motor. One Special Price Quantity To: year warranty. Only Stake Ward, Quorum, and Freight paid if prepaid add—$89.50. Projects. Mission state tax.

$4.49 each per gross.

> LIFETIME Stainless Steel Flatware OFFER: We If you want quantities of fine juice rapidly... eco- [

have three 'Exclusive'patterns of fine quality Internomically, then use a Bennett juicer. Ideal for large

> national Silco Stainless Steel Flatware that Branches, families, fountains, etc. We have photos and all

1 Wards and Stakes can afford. Please write for SPEneeded information ready to send upon request. See <

CIAL CHURCH PRICES. page 679 Sept. '53 Era.

vvv*vvvvvvvvvvvvvv%vvvvvv*%vvvv%*%vvvv%vvvvvv*vvvvv%*v*%%*%vv**vv

LIFETIME STAINLESS STEEL COOKWARE NOTICE

We need dealers in Canada, Hawaii, Mexico and United 'double bottom'). the exclusive (With Assures you States for Mills Juicers. our District & We need

of of the BEST, a LIFETIME most HEALTHFUL, in Idaho, Managers Utah, Nevada, Wyoming and MonECONOMICAL for our MEALS. Engineered by Reynolds tana Stainless Steel LIFETIME Cookware—Metal (since 1909). as well as our Health Appliances. Please state qualifications.

( Guaranteed by v\, Good Housekeeping d

1 am interested in having a demonstration of the following 'Health Appl ance'without obligation.

O When you choose LIFETIME Cookware, you choose cookware that is tested... and approved. D SWEDEN SPEED JUICER

BENNETT JUICER I LIFETIME STAINLESS STEEL & D WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR MILL

HEALTH APPLIANCE COMPANY D LIFETIME STAINLESS STEEL 435 East 2nd South, Salt Lake City, Utah J Name.

Phone 4-9153 Street. 2 CALL OUR REPRESENTATIVES IN IDAHO MONTANA City State n Idaho Falls Pocatello Butte Billings

Phone 4050 Phone 4731-J Phone 2-3168 Phone 8-8091 o Qoo< >o<=>o< APRIL 1954 253 Handcarts Westward {Continued from page 235) "Emma Lou, wake up. Come,

child, your mother is ill."And up

the ladder leading to the attic bedroom, he called, "Allan, go for Sister

Ware.""It's always Emma Lou in emergencies,"Polly said while trembling with fright. "She's stubborn, but a

tower of strength in time of need.

Allan went out into the night, and soon the sound of horse and buggy was heard threshing through the crusted snow. Emma Lou was soon

feeding her patient camomile tea.

Serena Ware, the midwife, brought a peaceful influence into the home with her. Though conditions were

hazardous for the bearing of chil- I Bought MY AUTO INSURANCE at 25% Off dren, fears were allayed, for they alfrom ways repeated the words of Brigham

America's Oldest Total Abstainers Auto Insurance Co. Young, referring to the subject:

I proved that I was a total abstainer with a good driving "Sisters, love your duties. What

are your duties? To bear children in record—and Preferred Risk proved that they could protect me

with standard form automobile insurance at a cost of 25% below the name of the Lord, children full what I had been paying... That was five years ago! of faith in the power of God, that you

But this was only the beginning... I found the initial 25% may be mothers of kings, potentates,

saving was followed by progressive rate reductions based on my and princes!"

own safe driving record. Since I had no accidents my rate went The family had eaten breakfast, and

down even lower... Today my saving on auto insurance the remaining food had become cold

fs44%! before Emma Lou came in and an- I was surprised that I could save so much—but I shouldn't nounced joyfully:

have been, I know that drinking drivers are responsible for "It's all over, and we have a fine accidents of costly insurance other cause and thousands comlittle baby boy. Ma and Pa are namof dollars... Preferred in claims out millions panies to pay

Risk pays out on none of these "drinking"losses because it has ing him Joseph."

none. It has none because it insures nondrinkers* only. New babies were always an event.

No wonder Preferred Risk has 60,000 satisfied policyholders Before long, visitors came to inspect bundle. and over $2,000,000 in assets—and issues America's only non the precious

assessable total abstainers policy. No wonder I smile when I "A beautiful boy."

say "No thanks, I'm a P. R.""No finer name than Joseph,"were

*Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional "social"drinker among the exclamations heard.

is NOT eligible. If you qualify, return this coupon for an immediate "It's cold as Alaska ever was,"quotation.

Phineas said, as he came in one night meeting. from ACT NOW—USE THIS COUPON your nose is white,"Jerry "Pa,

information Please send me complete about your auto insurance for total abdanced in merriment. stainers. there I understand is no obligation.

snow,"Emma for some out "Run My auto insurance Name solicitously soon expires: was and ordered Lou Address Month nose. father's her out thawing

City.State.. Dayquilted extra is an there "Polly,

OccupationYear. petticoat in the trunk. Get it out

Age Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driver for Pamela."

Make of Car Year...No. Cylinders By Christmas Eve the Saunders'

Body type 8b Model (Series) home was decorated in brightly

Use of Car: Pleasure Business To and from work. miles one way. colored streamers and chains. Logs

Marital Status of Principal Driver: Married with children were piled higher on the fire; and

qM* Single, living at home Single theytle pincushions,opened odd trimmedshaped parcels;with shellslithandker- hemstitched mirror,

shirts for Allan and ACCIDENTS'PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL chiefs,and INSURANCE COMPANY Phineas.

II Judge Bldg., Dept. 3, Salt Lake City, Utah \!UriTH the advent of New Year's

Phone 4-1931 Day 1856, the small buildings 'America's Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Company"—Sam Morris, President were practically hidden by snow.

(Continued on page 256) 254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

SCENERY.. i

You say where—Union Pacific

will take you there, in smooth riding comfort. Enjoy the

beauty of the scenic West at eye level—through large"picture"windows. wicafciott

COMFORT.. Rest as you ride in spacious TLavefi

Pullman accommodations, or in reclining, deepcushioned seats. For a pleasant ot'dACoach

change, the inviting Club and Lounge cars offer relaxation.

Writing desks... magazines

... refreshments—all are....

available to increase your travel pleasure.

ROOM TO ROAM...

You're not "tied down."You

can roam around if you feel like it—stretch your legs—

meet new people. Even restless

children have room to move around.

CHOICE OF MEALS...

A wide selection of wonderful meals, freshly prepared right in the diningcar kitchen, and graciously served. Featured

during April is baked ham—

served with a spiced wine and fruit sauce. Delicious!

SLEEP...

As you glide smoothly and safely to your destination, sleep comfortably to the relaxing rhythm of the rails—in the accommodations of your choice.

CONVENIENCE...

Arrive rested and refreshed in the downtown section—a time Take the Family Along..

and moneysaving convenience. Ask about Union Pacific's betterthan-ever FAMILY If a car is needed, your ticket

in both Pullmans and good PLAN, FARE TRAVEL for a fine can arrangeagent... full fare Coaches. the pays oneway One parent Drive to Hertz - Yourself car

meet you. the other parent and all children from twelve through twentyone pay only halffare. Children

five and under twelve now pay only onefourth fare!

Children under five, travel free. Good on any

Union Pacific train, any Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday, and the head of the family may return on any day of the week. The same family fare rates

apply for the family's return trip. For complete

details, and for help with your travel plans, see your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

Your vacation begins the moment you step aboard

APRIL 1954 255.

HANDCARTS WESTWARD

(Continued from page 254) sionaries who were so kind when and leave them, and I can't.marry

Stage travel had been abandoned, and Pa fell on the ice and broke his ribs. David and stay behind."

sleighs ceased to follow roads but (It was the first word that they had At almost the identical moment, a went over fences and across the counhad of this accident)... We are sailletter had reached Elder Franklin D.

try. Bobsleighing was the order of ing with the Garsons on the ThornRichards from President Brigham

the day for the young people. Nestled ton. We can't wait to meet David."Young. It gave the following instrucin oat straw with warmed soapstones "If only they can get here early tions: "Let all Saints who can gather

at their feet, David and Pamela in May,"Pamela ejaculated after the up for Zion, come while the way is joined in the singing which echoed joy of the new turn of events had open for them; let the poor ones come

merrily across the snowy fields. sunk into their minds. "I can't go also, whether or not they receive aid

One day Phineas was reading in the Iowa Banner, "Corn and oats (lSSSD

')going at 10c and 12c a bushel. Tavern tl

keepers will only give 5c a bushel for potatoes though the farmers are askJittina Jhls \Jne Lyut..

ing 10c. Sweet butter with a lily

pat on top is 8c a pound."Richard L. Evans

Jerry squinted his eyes in a quizzical manner as he inquired, "What T17 e sometimes hear something said about "sitting this one makes prices so low, Pa?"out."It is all right to sit out some things, but it is

"Well, son, it has successively been tragic to sit out life and let it pass as if we were not a part of blamed on transportation, antithe picture. Sometimes too much of what we do—or think we

slavery talk, politics, and human do—is in the nature of simply sitting and seeing someone

sins."else do something. It is good to watch, to listen, to appreciate as others perform, but it is also essential to perform

"TThe year of 1856 was for many years somewhat for ourselves. It is one of the irrevocable laws and

to come called the time of "earth's rules of life that we improve our power to do only by putting terrors."malarial, Ague, and bilious in practicing Parents the and performing. by effort—only the melting snows withfevers came for their children. willing to be almost anything do may

and spring rains. Damp bough But there are some things that even parents cannot do for

smudges were used when the flies and their children, no matter how much they may wish to.

mosquitoes made life unendurable, They can expose them to beneficial, influences; they can set

until one wondered which was worse, before them a proper example; they can send them to school;

the mosquitoes or smudges. Nearly

they can provide the encouragement, the atmosphere and all in the Camp of Iowa came down the opportunities, but parents cannot learn their children's with chills and fever. Sometimes the

lessons for them, and they cannot acquire the skills for that intense so the bed onchills were for the opportunity them, example, provide can them. They

rattled. lying, they werewhich the art of lessons, they to cannot give them but take music

last of the Phineas, the When prac- a price, performing. with or with comes playing That

it, Allan withSaunders came down tice, participation. the doubt with some No pain—with the waited famstayed on and home

effort of life, as of send relieve the could us he could Lord God felt ily. chills the on but coming He

if for things didn't heaven. some from do But manna we

all night day.kept At working he

took a bath in the wooden tub beourselves, we should never reach our highest possibilities.

side the salamander cookstove. "I In a very real and ultimate sense, no one else can make of

just sweated it out of my system,"he us what we will not pay the price of becoming. There are

said. some things no one can make of us without our willingness,

without our work. And as to "sitting this one out,"let it be

'T'he flood of 1856 was another dissaid to young people especially: Sooner or later in life there

tinguishing feature. Pamela had comes a time when it is performance that counts—not promdeclared to David, "I'll marry you, ises, not possibilities, not potentialities—but performance.

David as soon as I hear from the Sooner or later there comes a time when sitting and watching folks."So with excitement and are not enough—when doing something for ourselves and

anxiety these two looked for the doing something for others is essential. It is good to sit and

cessation of flood conditions and for listen; it is good to sit and watch; it is good to sit and learn.

the time when the first mailbags But the law of improvement is the law of practice, of parshould come through. ticipation, of performance. To close with scriptural language:

There was jubilation when they "Be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only."1

arrived. The letter which came from

Mother Brownlee changed the lives and whole outlook of the girl and boy from Darby Vale. It ran, "When PRESENTEDJhe SpokenOVER KSL l/l/ordAND THE COLUMBIAFROM TEMPLEBROADCASTINGSQUARE

you read this, your father and I will SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 7, 1954 have been baptized. We give equal Copyright, 1954

credit to your letters and the mis256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

from the Perpetual Emigratibn Fund.

When they reach Iowa City, let them come on foot with handcarts to draw their provisions and clothing, thereby saving the immense expense every fT, i I I I I I MtfHMH| year for teams and outfits to cross the i>; '"plains. Let them gird up their loins it

and walk through, and nothing shall 15 1I!I t i % v / II* - i I \ It '\

hinder or stav them."

IT! if I With the first bursting of the buds ANNOUNCESI > If- H 1 'if of spring came the realization that they could be on their way westward.

From then on, most of the vessels m li sailing from English shores carried converts to the Mormon faith. On

*the fourth of May the clipper Thorn- v ton embarked from Liverpool. Among i i? i h

the passengers listed were Mr. and If

Mrs. Brownlee and the Garson famfly. DIRECT THE ROUTE ON MM. 1 the tulips City M Iowa Back in with SALT LAKE FROM TO vl lilacs theblooming sending out and

their rare perfume, the Edmund Ellsworth company was getting ready for li the start, vanguard of the handcart companies which were to take their memorable trek through the trackless wastes to the west.

Qne morning just after dawn, Pamela was awakened to hear shouting outside in the road. Throwing off the covers, she fumbled with

buttons and hooks, shoved her feet into the shoes by the bedside and Save hours via the threw a shawl over her shoulders. hC

There was David riding near the Cities GatewY Tv,i V\ of his father'srear wagon. Never

so fine lookedhad he and handsome, lowest fares ever offered riding in perfect rhythm with the prancing chestnut bay on which he was mounted. As quickly as he spied

her, he was on the ground and had li her in his arms.

"I'll build you a home in Zion, faster litsweetheart,"he whispered. mSTERN'S 4-engine FW coach tost. father as as soon and oir "I'll come

.The only daylight arrive. are on theirmother They.,ic T4K

way by now."

"It won't be for long, Pamela darling,"he tried to reassure her though his own heart was heavy.

Like an automaton she answered, "No, it won't be for long."But her

eyes were following the line of vehicles as they passed by. There

were happy young couples apparently thrilled at the thought of making the trip their honeymoon. She waved

David out of sight, then stood for a long time looking at the spot where last she saw him.

She thought of the Prophet Joseph and how his heart must swell with joy there in the heavenly home, to (Continued on following page) APRIL 1954 257 Handcarts WestwardWHAT'S NEW IN BENNETT'S PAINTS? (Continued

ONEDER KOTE Flat Wall Enamel issee the Saintsfromjourneyingpreceding page)to their gathering place in the Rocky Mountains as he had seen in vision, and of the prospects of another temple being InODORLESS!All Colortzer Colors—Perfectly Scrubbable built which would be permanent. She

always felt close to the martyred

AND AND Prophet.sonal storiesDavidof thehadfamily.told herHe perand

young Frederick Smith had been companions throughout all the troublous times. Pulling herself together, she

made her way back to the house, deciding that the future lay golden golden tinted with rose!

TThe Iowa camp became a beehive, humming with industry from morning until night. No one had

time to think of personal troubles.

Like the rest, Pamela spent little time in repining. Her disappointment

was allayed, too, by the anticipation of the reunion with her beloved parents.

Daniel McArthur's company had to be outfitted by the deadline so THIS COLORFUL NEW LABEL ON'

BENNETT'S COLORIZER PAINTS thatwere emigrantsapproachingwho Americanat that momentshores Look for it at your Bennett's Dealer's could be taken care of. Men from

the valley were receiving "calls"tocome and assist. Chauncey G. Webb

Extra Rooms was given the superintending of

Extra Space handcart building. William Kimball

Extra Convenience and George D. Grant arrived in town

one day, having been sent by the

Authorities in Salt Lake City to buy almost prospectiveup horses, travelers.cattle, andPresidentoxen forYoungthe

sent Elders Erastus Snow and Daniel like Spencerside of theto Churchlook aftermembers.the spiritual

Cerena Ware, the gracious woman helped bring the babies, exMagic! who

pected to leave Iowa City with her son Elliot and daughter Nancy in the

The wonderful foldDaniel McArthur company which ing door miracle would go most any day, now that the that can be installEllsworth company were well on their ed by ANYONE... way. She had ably supervised the

with only a screwsewing of tents and handcart covers.

driver, in... A little party with refreshments was

CHURCHES after last of the planned period work Installation Easy * New Beauty HOMES stay. her rode 'Pamela over Daisy Swinging Door Space Save SCHOOLS

to the carrying meetinghouse with OFFICES Operation Smooth her fresh, of currant a pan warm,

Gentlemen: Please send free FolDoor buns, nicely browned. They tasted

literature to: good with the red cabbage salad, Name.... LAUREN BURT creamed boiled eggs, wild Indian

Address. INCORPORATED plum preserves, and sliced roast veal.

City... 557 South 3rd West Here she met Elliot's fiance, the lovely

State. Salt Lake City, Utah browneyed, goLden -haired Daphne

Phone 5-7441 Willoughby from Virginia. Pamela

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA looked at the aristocratic girl sitting in her sprigged delaine over hoops and the little pancake hat tipped over to one side, smiling sociably and sewing right along with the rest.

"What a leveling influence the gospel is,"Pamela thought. She stayed

to listen to the hastily prepared program and learned that Daphne was a convert, having met Elliot while attending school in Chicago.

There was little sadness at the thoughts of this parting, for in a matter of months, all would be reunited in Zion.

Then came the night of the farewell dance for the departing company.

The Church leaders found it a trying time. The town was full of

men going west—-adventurers, trappers, and Oregon emigrants, with

their buckskin suits fringed at the hems, brightly colored shirts, and debonair manner. Springtime

(To be continued) breakfast treat.

Sunny slicedpeaches and creamy -good Wheat Hearts. Use your own homecanned or storebought peaches.

Four Visits in Hopiland

(Continued from page 237) of the familiesruin. have Most left It's a 2 to 1 favorite settled in a more have andthe mesa

modern village at the base or the cliffs. I have been told that therewas a big struggle in the tribe when WHEAT HEARTS

the village got too crowded. Most

of them wanted to stay in the village This creamy hot cereal... this cereal Contains Wheat Germ

on the mesa. Finally the two factions with the wonderful toasted wheat germ

agreed that whoever won a big tuggoodness... has nourished children \ penny 3 Serving

ofwar would stay. The losers were and adults in the West for 4 generato settle.to was elsewhere go A line it, love tions. Kids hundreds adults by 3 ITI i n UteS tO COOk

incut the solid stone, and the men of voted flavor. for to 1 favorite it a 2

the factions lined up on opposite sides. Most of the losers built a vilContains wheat germ. Many doctors

lage at the base of the mesa called recommend Wheat Hearts because this

New Oraibi. Others, not wanting toleave the high mesa founded Hotevila. cereal contains wheat germ—6 times

The old Oraibi is largely in ruins, more than whole wheat itself. It helps

but a few families still live atop the promote growth, good appetite, strong mesa in the old homes and in the old bodies. Adults benefit, too. Older folks

way. especially find Wheat Hearts a good

A small girl guided us on a tour way to help build up energy and vigor.

of the ruins and the homes of these

Enjoy it every morning. Queen Besspeople. At one place we came to a

house where smoke was coming from pattern silverware coupon on box.

the small chimney protruding from the roof. A man came from the

house, and we engaged him in conversation. The little girl told us that It's

insidethe were making women piki. RECOMMENDED BY is piki?"I asked. laughed They"What

and said one has to see it, for it cannot quite be described. Piki is anIndian food made usually from blue fcaWHEAT HEARTS

corn, they told me. It is the original

(Continued on following page) "SPERRY""BETTY CROCKER"AND -WHEAT HEARTS"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL HILLS. INC.

APRIL 1954 259 FOUR VISITS IN HOPILAND GYMNASIUM corn (Continuedflakes inventedfrom precedinghundredspage)of years fivefeet wide.feet highTheandwallstwoof andthe onehalfbuilding

EQUIPMENT beforewere eventhe modernconceived.cornflakeThe factoriesIndian wereInsideaboutwe fifteenfoundinchesourselvesthick. in a

man assured us we would be welcome room about fifteen feet square. Its

to walk inside, and so we entered, dim interior was lighted faintly by a carefully stepping over the foothigh small window in the upper wall. This

threshold and equally carefully duckwindow did its valiant best to let in ing our heads under the low lintle. light, but the brown walls effectively

The opening in the door was about absorbed most of it, leaving a pleasant

g&S&JSKSSS

yv cLeaacu of Cxxoenence(p

Richard L. Evans

You too can have Swingup basketball backstops HpHERE sometimes seems to be a disposition to assume that basketball Stationary backstops (folding) gymthe lessons which another generation has learned someWayne rolling seating how don't apply to the present. And seemingly on this astailored to fit your needs. sumption, young people are often impatient with the counsel

in schools 50 Over new installations and and cautionings of parents. But this they should know: that year. during the past L.D.S. Churches

For complete information or catalog call or it can be more foolish to spurn a rich legacy of experience... write

than to spurn a rich legacy of goods or of gold. There are

the lessons of life are learned: by our 7". G. Sudcn Co. two ways by which

School and Office Equipment own experience and by the experience of others. When we

65 West 3rd South Salt Lake City read, we are drawing upon the experience of others. When

Phone 220425 we go to school, we are taught the experience of others. We

learn of the laws or theories they have discovered, of the conclusions they have come to. The experience of others is

a great heritage, and the more we learn from it the less of 24 Hour lifeto thewe beginningwaste. Ifto everyperformresearcherall the experimentsinsisted on thatgoingallbackhis

life would largely be wasted in service predecessors had performed, 365 days a year wereprovingto whatignorehadall alreadyprevious beenexploration,proved. lifeIf everywould explorerlargely

be wasted in finding what had already been found. If

travelers were to ignore the road signs and danger signals, life could largely be wasted in repeating mistakes that other heritage a great of revealed have and men have made. We Electric

truth. discovered a lot But we lose of life when we ignore

what has repeatedly been proved and insist on going back WATER to the beginning again and again. And as to you who

are young and sometimes impatient with the counsel and precautions of parents, this you should know: In their love HEATING

for you, they are only trying to pass on to you a legacy of experience, even as they would pass on precious heirlooms or costs the a legacy of money or of things material. They are only

average trying to pass on the knowledge of some timeless principles family that do not change simply because the times have changed.

only The more we can learn from the past, the less we shall have about to pay for the costly and painful process of trial and error.

10* Andsourcesdeliberatelyis fully as foolish,throwingif notawaymore experiencefoolish, thanfromdeliberatelyreliable a day uy From Your DoJ*f /p\ throwing away tangibles. Or Plumber

Be Modern. PRESENTED /A<? JpokenOVER KSL lAJofaAND THE COLUMBIAfrom templeBROADCASTINGsquare

Live Electrically SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 14, 1954

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Copyright, 1954

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA softness of light glowing through the room.

Seated in one corner of the room were two Hopi women, drably dressed, and giving attention to the task before them. They sat facing a large flatstone approximately two feet by three Ifal1

feet. This stone rested on four supports, also of stone, with a fire blazing

underneath. The stone was about

three inches thick and highly polished on the upper surface. Its blackness

indicated that possibly it had abasaltic origin, although in the gloom PANCAKE one could not detect the exact type of rock, but that it was hot and smooth,there was no doubt. new way

The woman facing the fire nursed the fire and took care of it. The second woman held in her lap a bowlcontaining what looked to be blue to make sourcream

gruel. This was a very thin paste

made of blue corn with other ingredients added. The second woman

would take a palm full of the grueland quickly spread it on the hot buttermilk stone. The gruel being very thin

would spread over a good portion of the stone forming a very thin layer a pancakes

MYSELF

By Mae M. McAllister

r thought myself clever and good and * kind Many had said this of me;

I thought I was doing the best I could

To make this world better, a fine place to be.

I patted myself on the back and said, "You're doing your share, Old Pal"

But I sat myself down, my head in my hands, And had a good long cry, After standing aside for a measured spell

And watching myself go by.

ImMi

foot wide and perhaps two feet long.

In a moment it was cooked through, BtiZOiockfA.

thinner than a newspaper. Dexterously the woman rolled it up in a roll, America's First

much as one would roll a newspaper, Lady of Food says:

and laid it aside, adding another "We've discovered a palm full of the liquid to the stove. new way to make the most

butsour -cream wonderful a clay dish her side on a She had by find You'll pancakes. termilk my cakes. corn rolledup these of stack of directions the on back simple

I asked her if she would sell me one, Sperry Pancake Mix package. Try them,

but she smiled and shook her head You'll get the lightest, best tasting pancakes ever."

and gave me one. I tasted it. It was

most delicious, a combination of toasted corn flakes and steaming corn Real sourcream buttermilk bread in flavor. right in the mix

I stepped outside into the bright sunlight again and reengaged the PANCAKE & SPERRY"AND '-BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED

I asked in conversation. Hopi man

(Continued page) WAFFLE MIX TRADE MARKS OF GENERAL MILLS INC, on following

APRIL 1954 261 FOUR VISITS IN HOPILAND (Continued from preceding page) firmed something I have known for him the purpose of the stack of piki a long time; namely, that it does not

rolls, and he said that on that evening require an electric stove and special they intended to have a party among cooking gadgets to turn out delicious their people and that the piki would food. The fires of the most primitive

form one of the items on the menu. people have long since been used to

Piki, he said, is the bread which the cook food so delicious in taste that

Hopis have used for hundreds of it is highly prized today by gourmets.

years. Certainly I have never tasted Piki is no exception to this. I smiled

anything better. as I thought of the smugness of the

Jacob Hamblin, the befriender of modern inventors who place corn the Indians, mentions in his diary flakes in boxes and sell the delicious eating piki with the Hopis when he flakes for breakfast food. Hopis with

was visiting them in the 1870's. The a knowing smile have done a better

art is still alive, and many of the job for hundreds of years, using a hot

Hopi women still engage in making polished stone for a stove.

piki. This little incident fully con- (To be concluded

CHOOSING A VOCATION

(Concluded from page 231) the world of work should be done

But when used properly and by comwith the help of a trained counselor, petent people, they can add signifiif possible. This step should lead to

cantly to one's understanding of himthe tentative selection of at least a self. broad field of work, if not a specific

The next step in vocational planoccupation, that is in keeping with a ning (and it is not intended that person's aptitudes, interests, and these steps should be undertaken in limitations, and to detailed plans for sequence or independently of each reaching the objective chosen. The

other) is to learn enough about the plan should be flexible enough to world of work to make an intelligent allow for alterations that may be selection of at least a broad field of necessary as a result of changed conwork, if not a specific occupation. This ditions, additional information, etc.

can be done most effectively through It should also provide a basis for observation and reading and through weighing the requirements of the job discussions with people in various ocagainst the opportunity to achieve the cupations. Most schools have a file desired values in life. It should then

of occupational information in the liserve as a guide for that person's efbrary or counselor's office, including forts and activities, but not as a mas- a copy of the Dictionary of Occupater; for vocational planning should be

tional Titles and the Occupational recognized as a continuous process,

SEE YOUR KOLOB AGENT Outlook Handbook. These and many not an event in a person's life.

other publications are helpful to stuFOR AUTO INSURANCE dents in obtaining a "bird's-eye In conclusion, the reader is reminded that in making any such farBuying a new car? Then make it a view"of the world of work and a reaching and important decisions as

specific ocof Agent. local understanding talk Kofob to to your point thorough

life's selection the is of a work, he will can explain to you how happy be He at people observing cupations. When entitled to protection divine for insurance guidance, receive maximum "He

jobs, should be in one various cost. can work for the You premium minimum that shall receive."asketh let But

settleof too, claim prompt assured, be fact that the overlook to cautious not lose of not sight fact that, the him sure, Kolob see your ment. Be Agent are usually jobs of aspects most many buy. before you is dead,""Faith without works and

not apparent to an observer. Their

serving Agents Kolob 300 Over Utah, Idaho, Montana, and Neobservation, therefore, should be supproblemsin order toin findthis theor anysolutionother toarea,his discussions with workplemented by Stock vada. Backed by strong

it. seek must first he He is also Companiesthe occureading about by men and of instructed that reminded we are Facilities Lloyd's Complete information published the pation from

available. Other sources available in the Lord that we should "cease to be

many schools are movies and film idle, for the idler shall not eat the strips. Here again, caution must be bread nor wear the garments of the

used to avoid the problem of bias laborer."Regardless of his choice of

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. and of incomplete information. a vocation, he will be required to

The final step of relating this work diligently and untiringly for the 330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City knowledge about himself and about vocational success of which he dreams.

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The Living, First

(Concluded from page 243) are the heir to your line and the only one who can prepare their records.

If baptism into the Church of the

Master was essential to your happiness, what about your departed loved ones?"she was asked. Her eyes Ibu expect more

opened and then with a sudden awareness, yet a tone of bitterness, she continued: "Why haven't I been

taught this principle of the gospel or been made aware of my responsibility? Of course I want my family

in the Church,"she continued, "but

I am at a complete loss to know where to start."At the close of the discussion this sister decided to add works to her faith. A few months later a card was

received from the Mesa Temple bearing this message: "That finger pointed

in my face haunted me until I got busy. Today I have been to the temple for my own endowment and for

my loved ones. I am so happy.

Thanks a million."Then still a few

months later came a note from the

Salt Lake Temple and then Logan and later from Idaho Falls and then

St. George. In each letter she would

refer to that eventful night in Carlsbad as "that pointed finger that haunted me."The last word from

this sister brought the glad news that the temple work for 165 of her dead family and relatives had been done in the last year and that three hundred names are now being processed by the Index Bureau.

Genealogical research is only dead UTAH OIL REFINING CO, when the living do nothing about it and when the research is not used to bring new life and the hope of exaltation to those who have passed on.

The living first must not only be recorded, but they also must understand.

THESE THINGS I LOVE Let us help you..

By Ruby Zagoren BRING YOUR RELATIVES,

HPhese things I love because they give me FRIENDS from EUROPE peace: f- air families by Bring your roof, in crooked the branch looms aAbove let us sea about or worry and skies assist tape. the can red We I eyes chalice this trace with rugged my all of necessary with the you release. fly feel forth in sweet heartAnd my all arrangements book and

is fleece of cloudy higher yet warmthAnd transportation.

if I rise. stand reach I but andThat may

For this my very being unites and tries Call or write today for all details:

While all the inner, petty battles cease.

To reach for goals beyond my reach, beUNIVERSAL yond seen and tangible, beyond the blue; TRAVEL SERVICE, INC.The

To reach for everlastingness, the true Temple Square Hotel

And constant: this is life, and I respond. SALT LAKE CITY

When clothed in unity of purpose, shod Phones: 5-5924, 5-6552

With peace, I find the answer: I find God.

APRIL 1954 263 d.

SPRING IS A MELODY

(Continued from page 242) last night, and then I couldn't reach again was to make a telephone call.

turned, and he held out his arms. you.""She isn't here,"Mrs. Butler anThey danced. "I'll be ready very soon."He swered when he asked for Carol.

"Carol. Carol."This was the couldn't call Carol, and he couldn't "She left just this morning to spend

something more Loie had mentioned write. What he had to say could a week with Julia."Julia was a marand like the melody of spring went not be said over the telephone or on ried sister.

singing through his veins with a happaper. It would have to wait. Dan's mind was in a turmoil. He

several gone weeks. was He The tried promise.py thing did he when entering home so good—butto concentraterunningon thetruecrops.to form.Not the orchestra stopped and first Then

Larry walked toward them.

"This next is our dance, Carol, remember?"

Larry. Carol hesitated, but not He *-Sf VWashinaton vuem Mere.. startedgrasped and away. her arm

Dan stared at them. Now, why had Richard L. Evans

he let that happen; because, as Carol

had reminded him, it was part of I-n the surface it might seem that we today have few of thehis indecision. He elbowed his way O problems of Valley Forge, and that they had few, if

through the door and strode angrily any, of ours. But the principles and the problems that pertain

toward his car. That was what she to people basically are quite constant. And if Washington

had meant, never quite able to make were here, we can only conclude that he would not retreat up his mind. from any principle which he turned to in facing the troubles

Loie had followed him. She said of his own time. If Washington were here, no doubt he

nothing but clung to the seat as the would still say (as he did in his own day): "Reason and

light car careened wildly down the experience both forbid us to expect that national morality highway. Then with a shriek and a can prevail in exclusion of religious principle."1 No doubt he

shudder the car stopped. would still say: "... cherish public credit... avoiding

"Now what?"likewise the accumulation of debt, not only by shunning ocDan did not answer. He swung casions of expense, but by vigorous exertion in time of peace

the jalopy about and headed back to discharge the debts which unavoidable wars have occathe way they had come. Loie sioned."1 If Washington were here, no doubt, he would

smiled into the night. There was still say: The "Constitution... till changed by an explicit

no indecision in his actions now. But and authentic act of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory

Carol was gone, she and Larry and upon all."... "It is important... that... those entrusted

his big car. with... administration... confine themselves within their

"Never mind."Loie sounded more respective constitutional spheres..."for "usurpation... is

encouraging than she felt. "You can the customary weapon by which iree governments are desee her tomorrow."stroyed."1 If Washington were here, he would still speak

"Tomorrow nothing."He drove to out against irreverence and profanity and would still seek

the Butler home. If Carol had come, divine help in prayerful humility and would still commit his

which wasn't likely, she was in bed, own life and his country's future to faith in free men. Adfor the house was in darkness. For mittedly the land he led through some of its early anguish

a while Dan sat hunched over the was not then and is not now a place of perfection. Admitwheel, waiting. Then sick and distedly the land he led still has its problems. (As have all

gusted he drove home. other lands.) But its problems, significantly, arc partly the

"The world hasn't come to an end,"problems of plenty, and with its problems, blessedly there is

Loie reminded him, "there is always also unsurpassed opportunity. And should we ever become

tomorrow."unconstructively critical, or overly discouraged by some of

But his tomorrow didn't matethe problems and some of the setbacks, it would be well to rialize. At fourthirty a.m. he had a ask ourselves if anyone honestly would want to turn back

phone call. to the philosophies our fathers fled from, or if anyone honestly

"This is Grant Stibor of the exwould want to turn toward those other philosophies which tension service. An opening has demillions of men today would risk their very lives to leave?

veloped so you can go on that field If Washington were here, we believe he would say: Avoid

trip. How soon can you be ready?"the paths that lead to that which other men fervently wish

Dan's head whirled. He had put they were free from. Avoid the principle of compulsion.

in an application with the college Keep faith in freedom.

extension service several months previous. It meant a great deal to Jke J)pokenjpotien 1/1/or\AJora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

him. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

"I'm sorry to give you such short SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 21, 1954 Copyright, 1954 notice,"Mr. Stibor misunderstood his

silence, "but I didn't know until late 264 THE IMPROVFIVffiNT ERA.

Because of a lack of water the grain across the canal had "burnt up"but those stubborn clumps of alfalfa—

hey! He walked through the potato

patch, across the highline ditch, andonto the dry field. His pulse quick- r**ened. The purple blossoms of the BB9t the Ridealfalfa had turned to magic and hung

heavy. He broke a stem and examined the seed in his palm. The

more he examined the more his excitement grew. He went here and Jephtjrsthere breaking and testing. The seed

was good, and there was a lot of it, a mighty lot of it.

Those stubborn old roots that had refused to be plowed under had lived where grain and weeds had died. If

nothing happened, and it wasn't goExtra comfort..,|

ing to, Dad would have a seed crop that would bring him more than all extra pleasure..

the crops he could have raised on the

Baker forty. Dan started home, but no extra tare I

on the bridge he stopped and looked back.

Call it chance, if he wanted, but suddenly he didn't want; Dad would

call it faith. Dad had done what he Yott travel relaxed, arrive refreshed. Take

thought was right and had trusted cars with varied or your choice: sleeping accommodations...

for the felt very small outcome. Dan

coaches. recliningseat dining Distinctive cars... serving very It wasn't humble. a matterand

of this crop merely, but now as aldelicious meals.

ways Dad had chosen the right. This DAILY SCHEDULES

time the right happened to be the exThe California Zephyr (with VistaDome Cars) leaves Salt Lake pedient, but if it hadn't, Dad would City 5:40 am...arrives Denver 7:00 pm... arrives Chicago 1:30 pm

still have been right because, his roots The famous Denver Zephyr leaves Denver 4:00 pm...

went deep into standards Mother had arrives Chicago 9:00 am. (Connecting service leaves Salt Lake

always known and approved. Her atCity 5:30 pm.)

titude was the thing they called faith. The Texas Zephyr leaves Denver 12:01 pm... leaves Pueblo

It was the "something more"Loie 2:31 pm... arrives Ft. Worth 6:00 am...arrives Dallas 7:15 am.

had tried to explain. It was the prom- (Connecting service /eaves Salt Lake City 5:30 pm)

ise in the melody of spring that car- H. J. WALTHER, General Agent

ried one over hot summers and some218 Kearns Building times fruitless falls. It softened the Phone: 225519

rigors of winter. Salt Lake City, Utah

Instead of going into the house m ss

Dan went directly to the garage.

Some other car might have taken

Carol to Julia's, but his jalopy was bringing her home—today!

HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

BRIEF VISION The average homeowner today carBy Vesta Nickerson Lukei ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your

He's thinking backward to what his replacement valHere in this rainwashed valley lie property cost, instead of forward to

In still clear pools both clouds and what it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.

sky, And lor a moment in one place The earth and heaven interlace.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City

APRIL 1954 265 Priesthood

Melchizedek Priesthood Presidencies Meeting

Weekly Presidency Meeting of the various organized groups in the failure. Those presidencies have litChurch. tle or no concept regarding the proOnchizedekpage twentyonePriesthoodof Handbookthe MelPattern Set by General gramand howof thethe quorumMelchizedekmembersPriesthoodshould

the following definite instruction Authorities be guided. Certainly, they could not

is given to the presidents of all MelRecognizing this fact, the General direct the members of their quorums chizedek Priesthood quorums throughAuthorities have set the pattern. by in carrying forward the full program

out the Church: "A weekly meeting holding their council meetings once of the Church; and they themselves

of the quorum presidency should be each week, or more often; for exprobably could not be very thoroughheld."The General Authorities of ample, the First Presidency meet at ly informed regarding the responsithe Church of Jesus Christ are thorleast once each week in a presidency bility, calling, and program of the

oughly convinced that the holding meeting; the First Presidency and the Melchizedek Priesthood. For these

of this meeting is so vital to the sucTwelve Apostles meet every Thursday reasons and others not mentioned, cess of quorum presidencies and in the Salt Lake Temple in their the presidencies of the Melchizedek priesthood work in general that they weekly council meeting; the First Priesthood quorums are urged to hold

put the foregoing statement in the Council of the Seventy also meet each their weekly council meetings.

handbook in boldface type in order Thursday in the same holy edifice; '

that it may not be overlooked by any the General Authorities of the Church Business Conducted at priesthood presidency. It is to be report their conference and mission Melchizedek Priesthood Presidency

observed that on page thirtytwo the assignments each Wednesday afterWeekly Council Meeting:

following statement appears: "CounPresiding the Bishopric noon; and vital question The asked has been cil just as should held meetings be least at once meet each and week often by Melchizedek Priesthood quoas circumstances butoften warrant,

times. probably Thus, more many presidencies: rum should "What we leastat weekly."

is it advisable the presidencies that in the do council weekly meetings is all It that Melrecommended of the various organized groups and should what be our procedure?"presidents reread Priesthoodchizedek their the throughout hold Church In answer to that question, the folinstructions the general regardingthe least at council meetings once each lowing is suggested: Presidency Meeting""Quorum if is to of the the Lord as week work

found on pages thirtytwo and thirtygo forth in the most effective way. (1) Teachers for the Melchizedek

three of the handbook and follow Priesthood quorum and groups are those instructions, as well as followWeekly Council Meetings and selected at the weekly presidency ing the recommendations given in this Efficiency council meeting; and the presidencies

article. Holding weekly presidencies'It is believed that the members of have the responsibility of supervising

meetings is the policy of the Church, the presidencies of the Melchizedek these teachers and seeing that they present the prescribed priesthood Authorities so the Generaland urge Priesthood a strong quorums have who course of efficiently. study Priestall presidencies of Melchizedek determination of the to do best work

hood quorums to comply dutifully which they are capable do meet at (2) Preparations for the quorum with this established procedure. It is least once each week in council meetmonthly business meeting are made

suggested that either Sunday afterings. Those presidencies who are at the weekly presidency council

noon or a certain evening each week somewhat lax in their efforts to attain meetings. (Melchizedek Priesthood

be set aside for the holding of these maximum efficiency hold their council Handbook, page 36.)

council meetings. The time selected meetings once every two weeks; and (3) Quorum presidencies set up

should not interfere with other presidents who are contented with quorum standing committees at the

Church meetings. no more than two -thirds effective reweekly presidency council meetings

and supervise the of these work comtheir hold council meetings once General Church Policy sults mittees. (Ibid., pages 27, 32.) every three weeks; those presiand

Not only should all Melchizedek dencies who desire merely to get by (4) Reports of the activities of the

Priesthood quorum presidencies hold in their priesthood appointment hold standing committees and assignments weekly council or presidency meettheir council meetings monthly. to these committees are made at the

ings, but bishoprics and stake presiIt is possible that those presidencies weekly presidency council meeting.

dencies should also hold council who do not meet at least once each For the purpose of carrying forward meetings once each week. In fact, month know so little about the conthis part of the work successfully,

experience has proved that weekly ditions of their quorum and the needs the quorum presidencies should be council meetings are necessary for the and problems of all the quorum memarmed with rolls, records, graphs, proper and most efficient conducting bers that they are doomed to certain charts, statistics, etc.

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (5) Quorum presidencies regulate meetings could be devoted with profit also could give the committee assigngroup organizations -at these meetings. to quorum problems and to problems ments to be performed during the

(Ibid., pages 3133.) of quorum members. Intelligent and following month.

(6) Quorum presidencies are to prayerful efforts should be exerted to (4) a. Presidency council meeting

devise means and ways to get every devise ways and means to help each b. Meeting with group leaders

member in their respective quorums quorum member to grow spiritually and Melchizedek Priesthood active in Church work and living and to attain economic independence. teachers

all of God's commandments. The At this presidency meeting, plans A fourth weekly presidency council

presidents should become familiar could be devised to bring into activity meeting could profitably follow a patwith the matters recorded in the all of the inactive members. Devices tern similar to the one just explained.

confidential report on tithing, Sabcould be contrived to make the strong The Melchizedek Priesthood presibath day observance, family prayer, Melchizedek Priesthood members dents could meet for approximately

Word of Wisdom, and other matters strongeren and those who have Weakone hour in a preliminary presidency relative to each quorum member. In nesses to overcome those weaknesses. meeting for the purpose of studying

these council meetings, quorum presiThus, all members of the Melchizedek problems relative to group leaders and dents should use this information to Priesthood would be encouraged to also to group teachers and class ingood advantage in planning for the keep all of the commandments which structions. Then the presidency

welfare of every member of their God has revealed for the perfecting could be joined in their meeting by respective quorum. of the Saints; and so as quorum memall of the group leaders and the

(7) The economic welfare of quobers they grow in brotherhood, spiritteachers of the various classes. Thus,

is the presidency could direct what isrum members should also be a matuality, and Godliness. When this

ter for consideration at the presifully accomplished, quorum presidengoing on in the various groups and dency council meetings. cies have completed a successful work, give them vital instructions.

to do. expects them God to as direction and (8) Supervision (5) Quarterly presidency council

a. council meeting Presidency (3) secretaries should and groupquorum meeting:

be given at these council meetings. b. Meeting with standing com- a. Presidency council meeting

(9) The social program of the quomittees b. Meeting with quorum and

rum is to be planned at the council The third weekly presidency coungroup secretaries meetings. cil meeting could be divided into two Since there are thirteen weeks each

(10) Quorum projects are formusessions—the first, a presidency counquarter, as previously mentioned, the

lated at the council meetings, etc. cil meeting, and the second, a meetpresident of the Melchizedek Priest-

(11) The minutes of the previous ing of the presidents with their hood quorums are provided with an meeting are read and approved. standing committees. Under this extra week every three months which

it is suggested that arrangement, in advantage to good used the could be (12) Unfinished business is purPriest- of all Melchizedek presidents their quorum with a meeting holding sued.

for approximately meet quorums ocsecretaries. group and is the hood On this this meeting To summarize: presidency preliminary in a one hour for the be advisable casion, it would meeting which makes preparatory

priesthood quorums function effectivemeeting for the purpose of working presidents to meet in a preliminary ly for the benefit of every quorum out assignments for the standing commeeting of approximately one hour's could the presidency Then to quorum take length care of anymember. mittees. the in their meeting by be joined for business arrange problems and

Suggested Procedure members of the Melchizedek Priestthe meetings which should follow hood standing committees. Where with the quorum and group secreThere arc a few days more than quorums are divided into groups retaries. At the close of the presidency

four weeks in all the months but siding in two or more wards, each preliminary council meeting, the quoFebruary, which actually amounts to individual in these groups assigned rum secretary and all group secrethirteen weeks in three months, makon the standing committees should taries could join the presidency and ing it possible for Melchizedek Priestbe present at these presidency council receive profitable direction, instruchood quorum presidencies to hold meetings. The Melchizedek Priesttions, and help in their assigned work.

thirteen weekly council meetings each hood Handbook, page 27, states: This would afford opportunity for the

quarter. How could the four weekly "Sufficient quorum members should quorum presidency to analyze the

council meetings and the extra counbe appointed to these committees to reports and records made by secrecil meeting each quarter be used to enable them to operate efficiently. taries and also give them the opporprofit by Melchizedek Priesthood quoWhere quorums are composed of more tunity once each quarter to give inrum presidencies? than one group, each group should structions relative to secretaries'

(1 ) Making preparations for monthhave one or more representatives on duties.

ly quorum meeting each committee. Group leaders If the foregoing policy were put

It is suggested that one of the weekshould also be members of the perinto effect and carefully carried out, ly presidency council meetings each sonal welfare committee. These are quorum records could be kept upto-

month be devoted to making preparaquorum, not group, committees."date, quorum presidencies would betions for the monthly quorum meetAt these meetings the members of come familiar with the work of the

ing. the quorum presidency could receive quorum and group secretaries, and

(2) Solving problems of quorum the reports of the work accomplished all secretaries would become efficient members by each member of the standing comin conducting their assigned duties.

Another of these weekly presidency mittee under their jurisdiction. They (Concluded on page 275)

APRIL 1954 267 7*Presiding J

Celebrating the Anniversary of the Restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood

Special attention should he given to the recommendation that both groups,

Aaronic Priesthood under 21 and senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood, and their respective leaders, be accorded equal consideration in our celebration plans.

Caturday and Sunday, May 15 and 16, 1954, have been set apart by the

First Presidency for Churchwide observance of the anniversary of the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood,

One hundred and twentyfive years have passed since Joseph Smith and

Oliver Cowdery were ordained to the

Aaronic Priesthood by the resurrected

John the Baptist. The restoration of

the Aaronic Priesthood was one of the greatest events to take place in the nineteenth century. Aaronic Priesthood leaders on both stake and ward

levels are responsible for keeping the memory of this great event ever fresh in the minds of the Saints: Our annual

celebration is our best opportunity to STATUETTE PRESENTED IN COMMEMORATION discharge this particular responsibility. OF RESTORATION OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

Saturday, May 15, should be devoted to outdoor activities under close superPresiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin is shown receiving from sculptor A. J. Knapp

vision. Travel in caravan style is dishis statuette of John the Baptist conferring the Aaronic Priesthood on Joseph Smith and

Oliver statuette Cowdery. in the office The Presiding will remain of the Bishopric. Maycouraged of because the great hazard

the of 15, 1954 125th anniversary the will mark restoration of Priesthood. the Aaronic toinvolved in trying retain a given

position in a long line of cars.

Where a pilgrimage to some point of

isinterest for decided upon Saturday for of for the for Aaronic an outing Senior Members Saturday, their own on activities, the plans should reinclude Priesthood. of all this bearers, Aaronic meeting Priesthood A joint council

turning home that evening. Returning the two stake committees may be very their privilege. is

after on Sunday,home out camping in helpful determining to there be upon plans However, bishopbe some may over night, Saturday is held in to be to presented rics the bishoprics the during join not feel they should who will violation of the spirit of the Sabbath April stake priesthood leadership meetin a stake outing, neither to conduct day and should not be permitted. ing if a combined stake function is one of their own. In such instances,

All ward sacrament meetings held there decided upon. Where advisable, both stake committees are asked to work

on Sunday, May 16, are to be devoted both stake committees could meet, with with such bishoprics in an effort to have to the presentation of the program here their respective ward leaders, in a comsome appropriate observance on Satursuggested in of the commemoration bined meeting during the leadership day, 15, as well as Sunday, May May restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood. to discuss meeting this project and plan 16, for the Aaronic Priesthood memberAaronic Priesthood Under 21 Separate Celebrations ship of the ward and their leaders.

And Senior Members Approved Where Preferred Sacrament Meeting Program

To Participate In some areas it may be desired to May 16, 1954

In the past, our Saturday activities have a celebration suited to young men The following program should be folhave been largely limited to Aaronic 12 to 21 and another type of outing for lowed in the sacrament meeting in each

Priesthood under 21. However, there senior members of the Aaronic Priest* ward, May 16, 1954, as the concluding

is no reason why senior members of the hood. While this is approved, for either feature in our observance of the 125th

Aaronic Priesthood should not be a the stake or ward, it is preferred that a anniversary of the restoration of the vital part of this particular project. combined outing be conducted with the Aaronic Priesthood.

Senior members may very properly be activities carefully planned for the We have not outlined the music for appointed to work on special commitvarious age groups. this meeting. However, bishoprics should

tees as needed. endeavor to have Aaronic Priesthood 12

There should be close cooperation Ward Celebration to 21, and girls of corresponding ages, and preliminary planning on the part of Approved Where Preferred prepared to participate in choral singthe stake committee for Aaronic PriestWhere a bishopric and their Aaronic ing. Senior members of the Aaronic

hood under 21 and the stake committee Priesthood leaders prefer to conduct Priesthood may also be organized into 268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

YMMIA Statistics in Aaronic Priesthood Reports

Award Record for 195B Tt is the responsibility of the secretary Where the troop to which LDS boys of the ward committee for Aaronic belong is not sponsored by the ward or Applications received during for awards February and January assistant, or his 21, under Priesthood the answers they live, branch in which toward point 1953 during earned of secretary the to obtain, from YMMIA will questions numbered the above record. Awards alltime another for items in 22, to called the information

23, 24, and 25 in our monthly report. always be "0."approved and issued were as follows:

Stake Awards 4 Ward Awards 196 a singing group for this occasion where 11. Vocal duet by members of the Individual Awards 8,558 possible. Do not overlook appropriate Aaronic Priesthood—"On Lovely Sus100% Seals 934

vocal solos, ducts, quartets as special quehanna's Banks"page 33, Aaronic There should be no letup until numbers to be presented by those who Priesthood Choruses. every eligible bearer of the Aaronic

Priesthood. Aaronic the bear

is the Priesthood has received his award. ended, singing the Note: When the copies of several wards have Most the to play continue should accompanist from Choruses, Priesthood book, Aaronic outlined as quietly of this very duet music

which appropriate vocal numbers may in the next number on the program. When

be selected. the reading is finished, the organist should tion while the background music is being

A special effort should be made to continue the background music to the end played. He should then take his position

keep nonreligious musical numbers out of the number, or to an appropriate finish. at the pulpit and proceed to read slowly,

of this program. distinctly, and with deep feeling, Section

12. A Vocal Reading of Doctrine and Thirteen. When the reading is finished,

Theme Covenants, Section Thirteen. thepit untilreaderthewillorganremainmusicstandingis ended.in the pulNote: Great care should be exercised in

The theme for the sacrament meeting selecting a good male reader who has the service is "Happiness Through Service ability to give a moving interpretation of 13. My Obligations to the Aaronic

in the Priesthood."the significant words of John the Baptist as Priesthood Bearers in this Ward as the

President of the Aaronic Priesthood Priesthood upon the Aaronic conferred he song.

bishop. the Oliver Cowdery. and Smith Joseph of deacons'2. 1. OpeningInvocation—President Lovely duet, Susquehanthe "On When 14. song. Closing 21. under quorum, is give reader should the ended, Banks,"na's

3. Sacramental song. the singers plenty of time to resume their 15. Benediction—by a senior member

Administration of the sacrament by seats, plus a few seconds for silent meditaof the Aaronic Priesthood.

members of the Aaronic Priesthood, not overlooking the possibility of having senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood perform this service.

4. Vocal solo, duet, quartet, or choral

number. 5. How Service in the Aaronic Priesthood Contributes to My Personal Happiness—President of teachers'quorum,

under 21 (6 minutes).

6. How My Serving in the Aaronic

Priesthood Contributes to the Happiness of Others—by a priest under 21 (6 minutes).

7. Reasons Why I Appreciate the

Priesthood I Bear—senior member of

Aaronic Priesthood (6 minutes).

8. Musical number in keeping with

this priesthood program. REXBURG THIRD WARD, REXBURG (IDAHO) STAKE, SETS

ACHIEVEMENT RECORD 9. How Service in the Aaronic Priesthood Becomes My Steppingstone to Twentysix happy bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood qualified for the Individual Aaronic

Greater Blessings, Both Here and HerePriesthood Award for 1953.

after.—senior member of the Aaronic Included in the photograph with the award winners are members of the stake presiPriesthood (6 minutes). dency, stake committee, bishopric, and quorum advisers.

10. Story of the Restoration of the Bishop Edward L. Powell, who has presided over this ward for fifteen years, proudly

and their these young which men Priesthood award Aaronic displays the second ward secretary the Aaronic Priesthood—by possible. leaders have made

for Aaronic of the either committee counselors, his Powell, tribute to Bishop are facts a real pass along which some We committee 21 or the under Priesthood leaders: Priesthood During the his Aaronic Heinz, and Ricks, Jr. William Peter and J.

for senior members oi the Aaronic last eleven years we promoted the Standard Quorum Award program (19411951); all four

Priesthood (10 minutes). quorums of Aaronic Priesthood in this ward qualified for the award.

APRIL 1954 269 well, that was not living. They

"BE SOMEBODY. ABE"laughed at his pride in his work,

(Concluded from page 227) earn money unless it is put out to called him a millhorse, a machine.

of perception, she realized there was use. A poem hidden away in a book But Stradivari never ceased. He knew

some mystery of life, some meaning will never become great until somethe beauty that would come from the that she had never understood. She one reads it, is inspired by it, and thing he was creating. So he anhad to understand it now, in this passes it on, so that others may be swered those who would belittle his

last moment of all. In the innermost inspired. work by saying:

I rob slacked should "If my hand ofrecesses soul she delved, her and Eliot George "Stradihas a poem, of a instead a blank God—leaving allprobing, of fear death suddenly of the varius"thought which I would violin."

left her. exquisitely She became aware like to on. pass Those watched who a thought. you Majestic Without

life asthat always, now, not her was it Stradivari his in said work, day, was lost. are be rare You beauty may

gift,possession, to but her be used a job. monotonous hour stand To partners. important. can become Youto fellow her help men. after at his delihour desk turn and a the world in making with God

All the knowledge in the world is cate pieces of wood, to perfect them better place in which to live. You

of no worth unless something is done so that the brown instrument came can work in the garden, and someone with it. Money in a vault does not alive with matchless tones of beauty will be glad that you have lived, or

you can belittle your heritage and leave a blank. Simple truths are

aroundbody"—notyou. man'sUse themway,andbut"be God's..someNight Into Dawn

(Concluded from page 244) She chatted a moment longer with

Trombie and then swung back, through the wards, wings on her feet, her heart singing!

Finally she reached Ward 20. This WICKS ORGAN was selected Johnny was sleeping. He stirred and.

opened his eyes as she bent above to move with the congregation him....',.-..

"Hi,"he mumbled drowsily..

of First Evangelical Church, New Orleans, La. "Hi,"she answered.

"Do you know something, Nurse?

The congregation was planning to relocate when it was I feel better."

discovered that the present organ would fat! prior She placed the thermometer in his:

mouth and took his pulse. A few to the move. The question was whether to temporarily minutes went by....

repair the old organ, or to buy a new organ that "You are better,"she announced.

would move with the congregation to the new building. "What time is it?"

From the standpoint of economy, as well as good music, Laurie nodded toward the winthe second plan appeared far more practical. dow. The gray sky had merged into

A magnificent Wicks threemanual pipe organ was a greenishblue. Where the sun

would rise was a rosyred streak that installed in the old building and two and onehalf years heralded the dawn.

later moved to the new church at a very nominal cost. "Look, Johnny,"said Laurie, "it's:

Easter morning."

If you're encountering unusual problems in selecting Johnny raised his head to see the a new organ, you'll be glad to know that Wicks coming sunrise. He spoke quietly:

Pipe Organs are not reserved for the larger churches "'And as they were afraid, and bowed alone. We will be glad to help you plan a angeldown saidtheir untofacesthem,to theWhyearth,seek theyeWicks Organ that is exactly right for the size of your the living among the dead? He is

church and your budget. Simply write: not here, but is risen.'"He stopped,,

looking steadily up at her. "Happy

Easter, Nurse. It is happy Easter,

"Qflie Q/feUb em isn't"Yes,it?"Johnny,"Laurie answered.

"Faith still works, It is happy WICKS ORGAN COMPANY HIGHLAND, ILLINOIS =.;. Easter."

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ELDER THOMAS E. McKAY

(Concluded from page 226) with deep affection and look forward it is not the Church of Joseph Smith, sible to maintain the work of the to the time he will be privileged to nor of Brigham Young, nor of any

Church in those foreign fields. In come to their stake ao;ain. of the leaders who have succeeded

the dark war years that followed, Thomas E. McKay is truly a servthem. They have all been called of

Brother McKay did more than his ant of God, one devoted to the truth, God by the proper authority, but it is share to keep alive the missionary ever faithful to any trust that may be the Church, brothers and sisters, of spirk of the Church and to encourage imposed upon him. I think I can Jesus Christ. He is our head. Do

the poor people in Europe who were best sum up his loyalty and his faith not forget that. I testify to you, my

laboring under the yoke of a terrible by quoting from the talk which he friends, my brethren and sisters, that war. made at the general conference in I know that Jesus lives and that he

April 1953: "There is no excuse for is the Christ, and he is our head, the

In September 1912, he was married anybody in this Church not having head of this Church. I bear you this

to Fawn Brimhall, a daughter of the work. It is not a oneman Church; testimony in his name."

late George H. and Flora Robertson

Brimhall. To this union five children were born, Flora Jennette Jensen (Mrs. Leslie Jensen), Fawn Bro-

>>die (Mrs. Bernard Brodie), Barbara %/<

Fay (Mrs. Oliver Smith), Marjorie

Louise (Mrs. Richard Y. Card), and

Thomas Brimhall McKay, their only reflect theson. These children

parents. of their influencefining Much reii</in 9 Days

of Brother McKay's success is due to x\\ fife I the loyal support of his wife. She

loves the outdoors and shares in the joys and thrills that come to her againhusband as they travel about the canyons and the woods where they

WE NOW HAVE THE NATURE: A SIMPLE GIFT MORTGAGE MONEY TO

By LaPreal Mickelson HELP YOU BUILD YOUR

blue, sky of is a meAbove of fields green NEW HOME Around me too, of every Flowers, hue If you were one of the folks who tried to build last this stream. tiny Surround

I love to sit and gaze around year and encountered difficulty in securing financnature's sights behold,And is For I no treasure found ing, then this message is meant for you. As part of know there

In silver, silks, or gold our complete home building service, we can now surpass, touch, or even canThat so love ones, I simple much. supply you with mortgage money directly throughThese

.:.:::,; >:s::::::>:::v::y.:: our own organization. TriStote yards are equipped

and ready to handle the complete transactron for both get so much out of life. She you. The first step to better building is to visit your

is an artist in her own right, her TriState yard today.

water colors being outstanding. It

is always a thrill for anyone to be A COMPLETE SERVICE FOR THE privileged to visit them in their home. HOME BUILDERALL THE WAY

Their hospitality and the sweetness We can supply you with reliable contractors, or you of spirit that prevail there leave a may choose your own. You have the widest possible

benediction on all who are blessed selection of plans including 'specially designed and privileged to come under their structures available through our Architectural deinfluence. partment. Materials are of the highest quality and

construction is under strict supervision. The result

Brother McKay is an effective is sounder value and true longterm economy.

speaker. There is a human touch in

all his talks. He uses personal experiences to illustrate his themes, and 37 Yards Serving the Intermountain Area

because of his wide experience and his keen sense of humor, he is listened to with rapt attention. Wherever he

goes, he leaves an influence for good, and in all the stakes of Zion that he has visited, the people remember him

APRIL 1954 271.

Why Share Your Space with a Swinging Door? In the Steps of Abraham

(Continued from page 239) mythology 4 "are rife with stories regarding Abraham. This was one of

the reasons I was in Urfa, the site of many of these traditions.

Back in town again, wandering down some alleyways half as old as time, I finally came across the one thing in Urfa I wanted to see most, the Mosque of Abraham.

Legend has it that King Nimrud grew angry with Abraham and wanted to kill him, Nimrud built a huge fire and then cast red hot coals at Abraham (or cast Abraham into the pyre, as one variation has it).

a "MODERNFOLD"The coals that missed Abraham fell door takes none to earth and immediately turned into

MORE SPACE FOR LIVING water while those that hit "The Within the precinct of the Mosque of are in Urfa, these Turks Turkey, BEAUTY Abraham NEW COLORFUL of into fish (or turned God"RIGID - STRENGTH OF STEEL Friend of of the "sacred pool"part standing near WALLS MOVABLE is variation). soldiers another At Abraham.

the doors that fold like an accordion least this is the particular version as told to me in Urfa. go. That unfortunate accident of

The very modern Mosque of AbraWestern culture, the prosaic cap, has modernfold ham is built over the source of this taken its place.

still in that is stream pond Urfa and still That evening I wandered around today. are Fish the Sacred Even

a little. most important town The

fat, there, carp that feed ugly all day For demonstration write or phone lighted places were the and gaily is that the corn thrown them on by barbershops. Entertainment was prothe believers.

vided by a night club and a movie 1343 South ALDER'SMain Salt Lake City

Phone 7-1531 Not far from the mosque was a house. I sat through the last half

of oldtime the graveyard. Many free Please booklet entitled your send Bill as as of me and Son Buffalo much of

for IE-3. Living""More Space fez the even to J Turks had worn comedy. Egyptian I could of an stand

! NAME the headstones the graveyard. Over

i I struck evening ended had The when I Address ] City State i rested many a stone fez. Today this a bargain with a local taxi driver to

headdress is forbidden in Turkey. drive me to Haran the next morning

When Kemal AtatiArk deposed the at 4:00 a.m.

previously At the impossible hour for NEW LOWER PRICES! past,sultan wasin 1923,one ofthethefez, firstsymbolthingsof theto planned, Haran, we were off

traveling along the dirt tracks widely

QTfmeucan Seating severalused in camelall thecaravansNear East.alongWethepassedway.

I was now on "The Great Trail,

FOLDING CHAIRS Aleppo to Babylon, Syria to Persia."

OUTLAST This is the route of Ab'raham as he made

ALL OTHERS! his way up from Ur of the Chaldees to

Haran and to Canaan. Along this road

Unequaled for strength, is Rebecca's Well. Jacob served his uncle

comfort, safety, convenience fourteen years for two wives. Jonah went to

OVER 10 MILLION NOW IN USE Nineveh. By this dreary river and desert

Choice of 3 seat styles... Formed Birch Plywood road the Hebrew exiles were driven down

All Steel... ImitationLeather Upholstered to Assyria and to Babylon. By the same

OUTNUMBER ALL OTHERS IN CHURCH USE wayEzra bandsand Nehcmiah.returned toZenophonJerusalemandunderhis

P-----MAIL COUPON TODAY1 a l tenthousand marched this way. Assyria,

Persia, Egypt, Alexander, CruMongols, I SEATING AMERICAN COMPANY 41 I 169, DEPT. 2, RAPIDS this route. across GRAND MICHIGAN saders moved

I Please send latest your on brochure i

American seating chairs. Folding

I am interested in.(quantity) Finallv in the distance we disWood seats Steel seats Upholstered tinguished Haran. Shedding its

Q For School For Church nightshirt of gray mist, it looked like

Name StreeL a Walt Disney fairytale city. A

at friends the entrance author and The large tower and hill were first identi- "citadel,"ruin City and Zone State to the impressive the most at Haran, ancient home of Abraham. fied.

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I had expected a small village, but a town of four or five hundred people confronted me. I went directly, that is?&rSl

as directly as the inhabitants would ft JiLk let me Amerikans are scarce around these parts—to the top of the hill EbbS ***&*to get my bearings.

Few inhabited sites in the world have the ruins of the successive civiliFOR SPRING BUILDING, REMODELING zations extending back four thousandyears scattered around so accessibly—for ANY Purpose—

as Haran. Of equal importance is

the fact that practically nothing has of the excavationbeen done towards HOME LOANS this site. leaving JeruJust beforesalem I talked with the director of LOW COST BANK RATES

the American School of Oriental ReSMALL MONTHLY PAYMENTS search. He advised me to spend some

time in Haran and bring back as PLEASANT, SATISFYING, much information and as many picQUICK SERVICE - ALWAYS tures as I could. Following is part of

the report I took back:

Haran42 was an ancient Biblical city from before the time of Abraham.

It is considered by some to be the first town after the flood. Abraham,

Terah, Nahor, Laban, Sarah, Lot,Leah, Rachel, and Jacob lived here zion's savings bank for various periods of time.

We find mention of Haran inGenesis 11:31: "And Terah took & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT

Abram his son, and Lot the son South Temple & Mair.. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughterin-law... and they

came unto Haran, and dwelt there."

rest of in Genesis the storyThe is the briefly as follows: died in Terah HAMMOND ORGAN

Haran at the age of 205 years. The "Music's Richest Voice"

Lord told Abraham to depart out of Special Demonstration of the World's

Haran and so at the age of seventyLargest Selling Organ during APRIL CONFERENCE five, Abraham took Sarai, Lot, and their substance "and the souls that they had gotten in Haran: and they Important to remember:

went forth into the land of The HAMMOND ORGANCanaan...."

Woolley tells us that Haran was Cannot get out of tune the chief home of the moongod, Is easy to play

Sin. Terah probably worshiped this Is easy to install

same god in Ur under the name of first costNannar. Perhaps this is one reason Low

Terah tarried in Haran until his Lowest maintenance death. This throws a little light on cost

the lengthy stopover of Abraham in Provides a great variHaran. ety of beautiful true

Crassus, during an eastern camThe church model, shown above, can church organ tones of paign (53 B.C.), was attacked and be installed in your ward chapel with outstanding beauty

slain in Haran by the Parthians. It full P.B.O. financial cooperation. Small space required

became a Roman city, and the Emperor Caracalla was murdered (217 Write or See SELDON N. HEAPS

A.D.) in its precincts. Strabo and

Pliny have also mentioned Haran. GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

Today Haran is an insignificant Ogden 74 South Main, Salt Lake City Provo village of some 428 inhabitants depending entirely upon agriculture, (Continued on following page) APRIL 1954 273 IN THE STEPS OF ABRAHAM (Continued from preceding page) which is part of the North Belikh, door posts has been fancifully named sheep, and goats for their substance. a tributary to the Euphrates. It is "Abraham's Door."Strong affinity

The people reside in about 110 in the district of Cebel Teltek and is with things de Abrahamo is prevalent "sugarloaf"homes that rise up from nearly the most southern town in in these parts. One of the disappointthe surface ruins like mushrooms. Turkey. It is eighteen miles north of ments of my journey is that I could

This same style can be seen in Asthe Syrian border and about twenty not find anyone who knew or could syrian basreliefs and has been commiles from the closest railroad station. direct me to Ain el Khalil, "Spring

mon in this area since the time of Precious little remains of ancient of the Friend (of God),"meaning

Abraham. Two reasons explain their Haran, mostly long rows of mounds Abraham, a Moslem village whose inpopularity: there is no wood in this on both sides of the small stream. habitants claim descent from Abradistrict, and the high roofs are cooler Most of the visible ruins are of ham himself.

in the extremely hot summers. medieval construction. In great proMy "taxi"got me back into AchoHaran rejoices in nine modern fusion and jumble, the basalt remains chola about sunset. I did a little

buildings of traditional structure inof walls, archways, and towers litter sightseeing or rather wandered around cluding a schoolhouse, police station, the area. One tower is still over one the bazaars, purchasing a few trinkets.

garage. The lone schoolteacher had hundred feet high, and an archway Sitting on the railroad siding typing

fortyeight boys and twentyone girls, stands more than twenty feet in up my notes for the past several days a good percentage of girls for Moslem height. The most interesting ruin soon attracted as large a crowd

lands. Religion is provided for by is the remains of a medieval fortress around me as any fakir would have

one mosque just outside the city or castle with a barrelarched room had in Utah. Soon it became dark

walls. Eight "business"establishthirty feet high and pilasters eight and, to the dismay of an army of

ments form a shopping center, the feet thick decorated with ailanthus children, I had to move into the barbershop and the blacksmith doing leaves. Any kind of decoration is local men's club. Some of the old

most of the business. Columns and impressive on these plains, but as I men in the community came out to

other movable pieces of the great remember it the Greeks carved literalsee this Amerikan with the writing ruins are placed gracelessly in the ly miles of this tricky asymmetric machine. I felt they must know some

foundations and walls of these shops. foliage. I spent some time in this interesting stories, so in return for

I noticed, is aThis, habit of building, probably dating from the common off identical of typing copies "Now of East.the native peoples...: is time of Saladin. the Near the time for all good men

Haran is on the stream Cullab One of the few remaining upright blindfolded (this little feat thrilled

....YOUR STANDARD

"GUARANTEED GLASSES"

Eyewear from Standard Optical

is guaranteed for highest quality materials, finest workmanship and highfashion

styling. It's America's finest eyewear! See the skilled optometrists at

NOTHING DOWN Standard Optical for a complete eye exPAY AS LITTLE AS $1 A WEEK amination at your earliest opportunity.

Staitciai*cL

273 South Main Street, Salt Lake City - Stores also in Ogden, Provo, Logan, Price and Idaho Falls 274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

them immensely) they became talkative. officer young Turkish army One building? remodeling? French. Englishspoke "few"and

Through him I was able to record a string of legends regarding Abrajust planning?ham.

(To he continued) then be sure to see the new

NOTES

"M. Rostovtzeff, Caravan Cities (Oxford,

1932). CURTIS fatttftitMfj

Luke 10:1.

Leonard Woolley, Abraham.

articles respective in 10See VEncyclopedic WINDOW

Dictionary. L'Islamde and the Hebrew

41William T. Ellis, Bible Lands Today

(London) Its name has changed slightly during the five ages it has known, Biblical, Greek,

Roman, Christian, and Mohammedan;

Haran in the Old Testament; Harranu

(meaning road in Babylonian ideograph;

Charrau or Karrai in Greek; Carrae or

Carrhae in Roman; Harran from the Arabic.

As in the above languages it also means "road"in the Hebrew, Kawraun. The

Bedrich Hrozny,great Czech Orientalist, that ';... the Europeanhas surmised

word Caravan, Persian Karvan, are perhaps derivatives of the Hittite hieroglyph

Charvana, to send by caravan, and also from the SumerBabylonian Charran (u), road, caravan."'Nejstarsi Dejiny Predni

Asie, Indie a Krety, (v Praze: Melantrich,

1949), p. 87.

Using only this one new type of window CuRTlS Mekhizedek Priesthood WOOD WO RK 'Seenearestthemlumberat your ments—awningunit, youwindows—hopcan have caseper-type walls—dealer"sash—window (Concluded page 267) from

unlimited all at the insulated window arrangements—in this presented procedure The

fit cost to a your budget.

article, outlining a program and procedure for each presidency council Come in and see this amazing new MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

meeting, is suggestive for more effecCurtis Siientite window! Building Material Distributors

tive work in the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums of the Church; however, there may be some alterations

of this procedure to fit the needs of When there is job competition, the individual quorums and conditions. the BEST TRAINED STUDENT

It is hoped that the suggestions given in this article will prove helpGets the Nod ful to presidents of Melchizedek

Priesthood quorums throughout the Increase your earning power, motion? Nowadays these deChurch in their carrying forward and learn more and earn more! sires must be earned. Employconducting the weekly presidency Enroll today for Day or Evenres want people who know

meeting. ing School at L.D.S. Business their "stuff."L.D.S. Business

College. You're cordially inCollege Students are better

vited to visit any of our trained so naturally they get classes. better jobs, and win promoNeed a job?... Want a protions.

k Friendly Student Body k Personal Instruction it Latest Equipment

BUSINESS COLLEGE

Branch of Brigham Young University 70 NORTH MAIN 3-2765 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

APRIL 1954 275 IRIS PARKER Editor

was taking lessons on how to decorate a cake with the pastry bag when she was over seventy years old and was making her own "Salt Rising Bread"

Vj until she was eighty. My mother,

Jeannette A. Hyde, a former member

of the Relief Society general board and the first manager of the Relief

EDITOR'S NOTE Society Magazine, won several Utah

Romania Hyde Woolley is the state and national prizes for her wife of Ralph Edwin Woolley original recipes. Her method of rewho was in charge of construclaxation was to get into the kitchen

tion Hawaiian Temwork on the of the and concoct a new dish. president former ple and

Oahu Stake and of the Hawaiian As children we learned to eat every

Temple. She served for ten years as matron of the Hawaiian kind of food—Scandinavian, German,

Temple and considers this one French; and now that I have lived so

has that honors greatest the of Islands in the Hawaiian years many her. to come

eat to cook and learned I have in her noted has been She own right as a concert violinist Japanese, Chinese, Hawaiian, and and a teacher of music. She Korean foods. In traveling, I find it

violin the playing been has in a real asset to be able to eat any years eight since public she was old, concertizing in Germany and Romania H. Woolley kind of food.

America as an assistant to the Today we read of the glamorous late Emma Lucy Gates Bowen. recipes from every source, but I feel

Sister cooking, of principal to her hobby In addition in it is an art to take the everyday, plants 10,000 orchids and has also grows some Woolley her collection. She is helping to preserve the art of Hawaiian ordinary food and make it tasty, or

quilt making in the islands, and has an impressive collection shall I say glamorous? I feel it a

of fine china. She acquired her first piece of porcelain in distinct honor and privilege to share

in Dresden, factory the Germany she visited 1912 when artisan. with the readers of the Era a few of the father of Karl G. been an Maeser had where

my favorite and standby recipes:

Viennese Dessert Cake

5 egg yolks beaten until light yellow and creamy

Add gradually 1 cup white granulated sugar

Continue beating; add

Food Is My Hobby by Romania H. Woolley 2 tablespoons hot water

2 teaspoons vanilla extract Ihave always felt that for the finest I have several hobbies, but of all 1 level tablespoon flour home cooking in the United States, of them I get the most fun and real Grind (use medium cutter) we can turn to the women of our pleasure from cooking. As I look 2 cups walnuts

Church. I think the reason for this back over my life, it seems as if I Fold walnuts into the egg yolk mixis the many nationalities of converts have had one pattern. I love to feed ture. Beat until foamy

bringing with them their mother and entertain people, and I find that 5 egg whites country's recipes and modes of food the Latterday Saints are the easiest

Add to of all appreciative do most missionof andpreparation, the army and of tartar teaspoon cream Y2 it for. they is because sure after year year I amaries returning home salt teaspoon Y4 for to care love make and themselves of the recipes memorieswith and

foods they have learned to enjoy in others happy. Sharing oneself, gifts, Continue beating the whites until

the lands and countries in which they and talents, and even the coveted they hold a peak. Fold this mixture

have labored. It is making us all recipes gives one the joy of living. into the yolkwalnut mixture. Pour

goodfood-minded. In addition, the My grandmother's and my mother's into greased cake tins. (Use 10inch

women's organizations of the Church interest and accomplishment in cookcake tin for single cake or two 8-inch have always encouraged good cooking and creating new recipes have tins for layers.) Then line with waxed

ing and have given opportunities to played a great part in my interest in paper and grease the waxed paper. Bake

share and exchange recipes. it. My grandmother, Nancy Acord, (Continued on page 278)

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA %*mi0$$kt

**m$

- fv -**"'fr Guaranteed L, Good Housekeeping J Model 598/628 righten your Homq with rome

combined sparkling chrome color Exciting and GAY, NEW FS771//IL PATTERN living. brighter taste for in simple good

Thickly padded luxurious foam rubber cushioned chairs covered in scuffresistant, easy to clean VELON give maximum comfort. Extension table

seats six with plenty of rpom.

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. 5707 West Century Boulevard Los Angeles 45, California

Sold by leading department and furniture stores

New - Large - Print Know Your IDS Cooks (Continued from page 276) SOME LIKE COLD CEREAL

BIBLE at 350 for 40 minutes. (Bake in 8-inch SOME LIKE HOT CEREAL and Quadruple tins for 30 minutes.) Gently remove

COMBINATION toit fromserve,thetoppanwithand cool. When ready

1 cup whipped cream which has been flavored with 4 tablespoons sugared cocoa I was studying the violin in Berlin before World War I under the chaperonage of the late Emma Lucy THEY ALL LIKE

Gates Bowen (Lucy was a great cook),

it traveling the train on and was while ALL 0-WHEAT Berlin to Kassel from where Lucy was singing in the Royal Opera that I met jL the wife of a Viennese opera star who recipe gave above cereal me the for the VienThe that's &mid> dessert or cake. nese Torte tripled in popuRussian Meatballs larity in one

year.

Large coarse leaves of a large cabbage CERfAC.

1 pound ground round steak or hamburger forAll-O-Wheatlonger lastinghas allenergy.of wheat'sServenaturalit withvitaminscinna-

1 large onion mon, sugar, and cream. You'll love its delicious

2 tablespoons butter whole wheat flavor.

slightly 1 egg, beaten For All the Family...

slices of thin white bread soaked 2 All Year Round in l/2 cup boiling water \ l/2 teaspoons salt teaspoon thyme l/2 ALL-O-WHEATOGDEN, UTAH 1 oregano leaves (Mexican teaspoon sage) l/2 teaspoon monosodium glutamate

Scald and soak cabbage leaves in very hot water for ten minutes. Gently fry KITCHEn CHflRm

until clear. in butter onion the chopped

ingredients and WAXED PAPER remaining with Combine size the into balls about well. mix Make KEEPS FOOD ball in a orange. one small Place LARGE PRINT BIBLE of

Extra large type for easy a cabbage leaf and wrap it up. If FRESHER LONGER!

reading. leaf with necessary bind the cabbage Bound in genuine $1Q503r leather.morocco meatball must 40 thread. No. The

LARGE PRINT be completely covered with no holes in

QUADRUPLE COMBINATION the leaves. Grease threequart casserole

This includes the regular missionary dish with

Bible with the L.D.S. ready references, 2 tablespoons bacon fat or drippings

dictionary and Concordance, and the or shortening tripleregular combination—Book of Place in the greased casserole DoctrineMormon, and Covenants and

cut in thick slices large onions,Pearl Price of Great—in

large family edipulpit of and a sauce a tA 50# Make3tion. binding. Morocco sauce 2 cans tomato

]/4 cup lemon juice DESERET BOOK 32 teaspoonsheaping tablespoonspaprika brown sugar raisins seedless l/2 cup 44 East South COMPANYTemple, Salt Lake City, Utah garlic or one teaspoon powdered y4

Please send the following books. Enclosed small garlic clove crushed

you will find: ( ) check ( ) money order

( ) charge to my account for $ Pour this sauce over the cabbage balls,

Quan tity Title Price which have been arranged on top of sliced onions. Place in a preheated oven

at 400 and bake for one and onehalf hours. This casserole dish can be preName pared early in the morning and placed

Address in the oven around 4:00 p.m. for dinner.

City To use up the remainder of the cabPOPULAR WITH MILLIONS

State Resid ents of Utah include 2% sa es tax. bage,it withchopa sauceit upmadeas fineof: as rice. Cover AT OFALLHOUSEWIVES...LEADING GROCERS

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA y2 cup vinegar Vi CUP white sugar Vi t0 % teaspoon salt 3 dashes black pepper

This cabbage meatball recipe was given to me by a Russian Jewess who was a neighbor of mine in New York

City where I was studying.

My Mother's Chili Con Came 1/2 pounds coarsely ground round steak y2 pound pork sausage, link or bulk FlEfSOHMANNS HIISCHMANHS iFLEiSg| 3 cloves garlic 1 <i/t--t:

3 cans tomato sauce vS cup catsup Y2 YEAST 2 teaspoons oregano leaves (Mexican YEAST sage) 2 large onions chopped 4 heaping tablespoons brown sugar 2 cans largesize red kidney beans tablespoons chili powder2/2 Top cooks praise this new 3-package strip cup water Y2 butter 3 tablespoons Now! the yeast prizewinning cooks prefer salt to taste

In a large kettle melt butter and fry l! L

clear, until onionsthe chopped the ground brown.not Then add THRIFTY THREES a but in NEW

round steak and pork sausage broken up in bits. Stir constantly until the Now you can buy Fleischmarm's This is the yeast prizewinning

meat is done. Thenadd the tomato hot Active Dry Yeast in handier, cooks prefer—Fleischmann's

sauce mixture, catsup, sugar, salt, and thriftier 3-package strips. You'll Active Dry Yeast. It always

crushed garlic and seasonings, making find new "Thrifty Three's"more rises fast, keeps for months on a thin paste of the chili powder by economical to buy—easier to your shelf. When you bake at

shelf. store best. on your use the home, Get this it water. Cook withmixing x/2 cup

like the Active Fleischmann's You'll easyto-use dry DryYeast for low on minutes twentymixture flame. Then add the kidney beans and yeast inside each package, too.... in new "Thrifty Three's."

cook for fifteen minutes more on low heat. c/l CENTURY OF

This chili is best made up the daybefore and reheated in an oven, low DIAGRAMS heat, or in water bath. Serve with rye Illustrating Latter - day Saint

bread sandwiches filled with thinly cut principles with complete scriponion slices which have been marinated tural references and condensed in a French dressing overnight. Add summaries of Church doctrines. Write for information

one teaspoon of celery seed to the French Extremely helpful for teachers, on type of organ dressing. Drain onions from the French students, and all Church memin which you

dressing and place between slices of bers. are interested.

buttered rye bread. This makes an

ideal menu for informal MIA parties, Author, A. P. Merrill

with a sherbet for dessert. Serves six. PRICE—$1.00 EACH

Cheese and Macaroni Available at 2 cups broken macaroni PIPE ORGANS quarts boiling 2 REED ORGANS water DESERET BOOK COMPANY salt teaspoon Y4 Temple South 44 East 1/4 pounds American cheese Salt Lake City 10, Utah salted in water the macaroni Cook ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO/VT.

it tountil is tender beenough mash tween the fingers. (Most cooks underDIAMONDS

quality stones and settingscook the macaroni.) This may take Buy finesttwenty to thirty minutes to cook. Strain direct from importer—sore 30 r/r to

and cool. 50%. Save enough on a diamond to finance a honeymoon.

White Sauce ALLEN B. ROBBINS

2 tablespoons butter 416 So. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Ut.-Phone 3-9783

1 tablespoon flour /4 teaspoon dry mustard will Binding your stamp ERAS? A 3c salt teaspoonY4 1953. index to the volume you

1 cup fresh... cream Writebring

milk 1 cup teaspoony4 monosodium glutamate THE 50IMPROVEMENTNorth Main Street ERA 1 small dried onion, grated Salt Lake City 1, Utah (Concluded on following page) APRIL 1954 279 Know Your LDS Cooks (Concluded from preceding page)

Melt the butter, add the flour, and cook until it thickens. Add remaining

dry ingredients and milk and cream.

Cook until thickened, then add grated onion.

In a buttered casserole put a layer of macaroni, then a oneinch layer of grated American cheese. Then alternate layers of macaroni with the cheese.

Pour the white sauce over the cheesemacaroni mixture. Then top with a

layer of grated cheese and bake at 350 for fifty minutes in a water bath. So that

the cream sauce will penetrate the macaroni mixture, it is best to make this up at least two hours before baking.

Serves four.

The success of this recipe is the welldone macaroni and using the grated cheese oneinch thick on each layer.

It was my good fortune to get this recipe from our Utahborn Jacketta

McCune Quealy, whose parents gave the Church their home, which has become the McCune School of Music &

Art. Jacketta is one of the prominent

hostesses of San Francisco. I have renamed the recipe Cheese and Macaroni

and added the onions, mustard, and monosodium glutamate.

Thick French Dressing 1 cup water 1 cup sugar l/2 cup lemon juice or lime juice 1 cup olive oil or salad oil 1 cup tomato catsup Yes, for thousands of Improvement Era 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce readers, postum has long been "one of 3 teaspoons paprika vinegar Tarragon cup the family."its wonderful, With hearty i Y4 vinegar cup cider flavor, caffeinfree truly belongs y4 postum

salt 1 teaspoon the family whenever gets together. So why <rM garlic cut up or mashed cloves of 2 delicious take not into instant postum

your family? Get a jar from your grocer Boil sugar and water together for five

inremaining cool. Add then today—you'll be glad you did! minutes,

use over cool and Keep gredients.

Contains no caffein tossed greens. Just before serving add

one teaspoon of the dry salad mix.

or any other drug Makes one quart.

This recipe was given me by a famous chef in Chicago, and I added a few imaginative touches of my own.

Dry Salad Mix By 2 3/4 teaspoons salt Dr. John A. Widtsoe 1 teaspoon white sugar

PROLOGUE 1 teaspoon dry mustard

This is the story of a woman, 1 teaspoon monosodium glutamate a seeker after truth, who, tossed \y2 teaspoons powdered garlic by the waves of mysterious fate, 2 teaspoons oregano leaves net, the gospel by caught was leaves rubbed fine cregano teaspoons \y2 far into a country, and carried pepper black teaspoon fine l/4 where, the possession of through eternal truth, though amidst 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black much adversity, she and her fampepper (use pepper grinder) ily found unbounded happiness. 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese

This is her saga. Mix well and place in a tightly covThis book ought to be ered jar in the icebox. For each indiin your home library vidual serving, use about one teaspoon

AT YOUR of dry salad mix just before serving, or

BOOK $] 75 a large tablespoon for a mixed green

STORE salad.

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

It's Fun To Make Bunnies # By Rose A. Openshaw

Someone may want to try her hand at making bunnies for the children's Easter. Directions for this

particular kind were sent me by a 385*-friend, who with her husband and nineyear-old son was spending some time in the Philippines.

Because the spring season there is comparable to the hot summers here, she had been lulled into forgetfulness that Easter was at hand. Remembering suddenly, when too late to

shop, she sprang into action, devising something simple by hand.

After converting an empty shoebox into an attractive basket and filling it with clipped green tissue paper, for a nest, she commenced on the "bunnies."First of all she cooked

a dozen white eggs. The big floppy

rabbit ears were cut from white writing paper, tinted pink on the inside with crayons, and glued to the peaked end of the eggs. Next, she outlined

a rabbit face as best she could, with a pencil. A fluff of cotton attached

to the reverse end of the eggs answered for tails.

The bunnies were placed in the green nest centered with a white duck egg much larger than the others that had undergone similar treatment, and which posed as the mama rabbit. Her

Easter offering was complete and her son was delighted!

While she did this from necessity, last Easter I sprang it on a group of little ones for a change. Theircountenances beamed until you'd big 2i

think each had a birthday cake inside, all lit up and shining through! PAPER NAPKINS

Children adore change, craving it even more than adults, and almost it pretty softfcryouanything, just so it's new and differmake ent, entrances them. Besides, it's

fun to make bunnies!

Jk When tangling with spaghetti, look what happens... spots on tie,

tez. shirt, and tablecloth. But not

when ZEE Napkins do guard duty!

They're big and protect against greasy, sticky foods...

so much extra washing, ironing, or cleaning. ZEE Napkins are

doubleyour-moneyback guaranteed

CROWN ZELIERBACH CORPORATION 1954 San Francisco 19. California

APRIL 1954 281

AND FOR YEARS TO COME

TEEN TIME IS GROWING TIME

by Caroline Eyring zs&Tiner MEMBER, YWMIA GENERAL BOARD me growth is the great miracle. not willing to pay the price, for it

ToThat which makes something is hard work, and everything does grow is of God. Scientists have have its price. There is a little sayproduced the perfect seed of wheat ing, "The world is full of willing

chemically. It looks exactly like a people, some willing to work and the

natural seed of wheat, but it will not rest willing to let them."Those who

grow. It is of man. That which are willing to let others do the work

grows is of God's making. will not have a good garden. One of

Teen years are planting years, for the great evils of this age is the deteen time is the springtime of life. sire to get something for nothing. The

AMERICA'S FINEST full are of people who is! it time a happy What We are penitentiaries ELECTRONIC in price were not willing the pay Jo ORGAN very of anticipation joy but the busy,

Your church deserves the very finest is very great. It is most important honest effort.

possible, organ to music complement lives for orour The plan must be that of plant people the kind young enrich service every and so vvhv... ganized; there of opbe plenty must will seeds that harvest the produce investigate not Connsonata NOW? for light portunity of the gospel the at they time. future some want Nothoffers so organ much! No other

it; there must be much hard ing is truer than the scripture, "... to warm

COME IN OR PHONE 9-7633 whatsoever a man soweth, that shall and willing labor go into the making

FOR DEMONSTRATION he also reap."(Gal. 6:7.) of it. As we sow, so shall we reap.

In the in plant, garden which we in our which do The garden we arfrivate demonstration be is can life reality live, the A we may we is lifetime planting during our not so for ranged your convenience... to plant things. a want many Among one. in seasonal are planting a test. every We give Connsonata can you might sow: them we

is that everlasting. garden obligation. Every No of Five rows purity, moment of our lives we should be peas—patience,

perseverance, preparation, promptgrowing, striving to learn more about ness.

the gospel, to attempting understand Music Daunes rows Four gosof squash—squash ourselves in the and world which we sip, criticism, squash squash indifferlive, 'T '''learning to discipline ourselves. i 4547 SOUTH MAIN! H

i 5<zftafre ence, rrrnm laziness. squash C/fy

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VO''226O WASHINGTON BLYD.,06[>EN We can gain inspiration for our Five rows of lettuce—

lives of growing by reviewing the Let us be faithful to duty.

steps of making a good garden. First, Let us be unselfish and loyal.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS a plan for the garden is made, a Let us be true to our Church, ourAids in treatment of Canker, simple choice growing spot is selected, one selves, and our God.

sore throat and other minor mouth that is sunny, one accessible to water, Let us obey rules and regulations.

and throat irritations. one with good, rich soil. Then, the Let us love one another.

is procured. fertile seed A planting Turn up for all calls and obligaHALLS desired plants are chosen, and good, Three rows of turnips REMEDY for the garden is then made. tions. City, Utah layout Salt Lake

It is planned to put the plants where Turn up with a cheerful attitude they will grow the best and will infor whatever befalls us.

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f terfere the least with the growth of Turn up with the determination to

d IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k other plants. make everything count for something

YE KING'S REST MOTEL There follows hard work in cultigood and worthwhile.

526 5TH STREET SOUTH vating the digging, garden plot, hargarden, such a teenagers From

Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner rowing, leveling, weeding. well to could expect reap a Many rich har- H. Foutz, Edgar Manager

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout people want a garden, but they are vest for life everlasting.

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON NEW MOVIES (Concluded from page 217) Consolation Flight: College 37, Arbor

First 50.ball year, Sugar City 35; 54, Tucson tournament. This Gleaner for L.D.S. GROUPS at Losers: Tenth of theGirl sponsors are coeds Mesa Second teams Round

BYU. Scores of the games: 41, College Hill 34; Garland Second OLIVERWitnessCOWDERYto the

Upper Bracket: Spanish Fork First 51, 52, Murray First 45. BOOK OF MORMON

Vernal Third 44; Westwood (CaliThird Round Losers: Spanish Fork

fornia) 68, Barnwell (Alberta) 33; Mesa First 58, Springville First 54; Salt Lake

Tenth (Arizona) 54, Arbor 45; Fairmont City Thirtythird 56, Wilmington 41.

68, Newdale (Idaho) 47; College Hill

45, Juarez (Mexico) 31; Provo Ninth o The First Presidency announced

47, College 46 (overtime); Springville the appointment of Elder D.

First 44, San Francisco (California) 38; Arthur Haycock as president of the

Ogden Fifth 39, El Paso First (Texas) Hawaiian Mission, succeeding Presi36. dent Ernest Nelson. President Haycock,

Lower Bracket: Provo Thirteenth 66, personal secretary to Secretary of AgriRichland First (Washington) 29; Garculture Ezra Taft Benson, and former See this period of Church History come to

land Second 62, Reno (Nevada) 46; secretary of President George Albert life in beautiful full color.

Richfield Third 56, Tuscon First (AriSmith, filled a mission in Hawaii 193545 minutes Rental, $15.00

zona) 53; Salt Lake City Thirtythird 37, and returned there for a short visit See Nephi,THEMormon,CHOICEandLANDJoseph Smith

70, Nampa Fourth (Idaho) 31; Murray with President Smith during the misglowingly portrayed in color.

First 60, Washington (D. C.) 42; sion centennial in 1950. His activities 30 minutes Rental, $10.00

Wilmington (California) 53, Sugar City in the Church have included ward WhatALCOHOLThey DoANDTo TOBACCOOur Bodies (Idaho) 49; Grayson 71, Montpelier clerk of the Salt Lake City Fourteenth The effects of each are made apparent

Second (Idaho) 41; Haven 51, Brigham Ward, assistant clerk of the Pioneer withthroughpeople.LaboratoryEspeciallytests niceand forexperimentsshowing

City Seventh 48. (Salt Lake City) Stake, first bishop of to11 bovsminutesand girls. Rental, $2.50

the Riverview Ward, and membership Also other films on the Old and New TestaScores in the allChurch basketon the Riverside (Salt Lake City) Stake ment, as well as fine entertainment films ** ball games: high council. With him will go his andof othercartoons.picturesFor available,dates, costscallandor detailswrite

Upper Bracket: Spanish Fork 44, wife, the former Maurine McClellan,

Marilyn, four daughters, 42; Fairmont TenthWestwood and their 38, Mesa S

Inc. HILLAM16 mm Pictures Hill 46, College35; Provo Ann, Lynette, and Cheryl. 44; Judith Ninth

Salt Lake City. Utah Place 54 Post Office

Springville First 57, Ogden Fifth 54. The First Presidency announced the Phone 3-5417

Lower Bracket: Provo Thirteenth 62, appointment of Elder G. Eugene EngGarland Second 40; Wilmington 53, land as president of the North Central

Murray First 42; Grayson 66, Haven 46; States Mission, succeeding President

Salt Lake City Thirtythird 38, RichJohn B. Hawkes. President England

field Third 36. filled a mission in the Southern States

Consolation Flight: Vernal Third 48, in 192932, and has since been a memBarnwell 33; Arbor 42, Newdale 38; ber of the Downey Ward, Portneuf

College 62, Juarez 37; San Francisco 65, (Idaho) Stake, bishopric, and superinEl Paso First 46; Richland First 65, tendent of Sunday Schools in the PortReno 56; Tucson First 71, Nampa neuf Stake. At this call he was a

Fourth 43; Sugar City 67, Washington member of the high council of the

52; Brigham City Seventh 59, Montpelier Hillside (Salt Lake City) Stake where

Second 39. he was also serving as a stake missionary. His wife, the former Dora Rose

\ Scores in the allChurch basketHartvigsen, will accompany him to this ball tournament in the BYU field new field of labor, as will their daughhouse: ter, Ann Christine. An older son will

Championship Flight: Provo Thirnot accompany his parents.

teenth 49, Salt Lake City Thirtythird Scores and placements in the final 36; Grayson 42, Wilmington 38; Fairday's play of the allChurch basketball

mont 49, Spanish Fork First 45; Provo tournament at the BYU field house:

Ninth 68, Springville First 42. Grayson 46, Provo Ninth 41 (first

Consolation Flight: Arbor 63, Vernal and second); Provo Thirteenth 58, FairThird 37; College 64, San Francisco 47; mont 52 (third and seventh); Spanish The 1953 INDEX is available. Send a

Tuscon First 80; Richland First 42; Fork First 46, Salt Lake City Thirty3c stamp with your return address to

Sugar City 58, Brigham City Seventh third 35 (fourth and eighth); Mesa THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

49. Tenth 62, Garland Second 50 (Fifth 50 North Main Street

Second Round Losers: Mesa Tenth and Ninth); College 59, Sugar City 57 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

53, Westwood 37; Garland Second 54, (sixth—consolation—and tenth). Sugar

Richfield Third 27; College Hill 56, City was given the sportsmanship award.

Ogden Fifth 46; Murray First 55, Haven Allstars of this, the thirtyfirst annual pi nbreakable... moulded

46. basketball tournament were: Richard..I. X i / 1!<><>k like glass. Lightfree. Height, noise Eeo- W ol Perkins Royal of Grayson; Shipp

height,'Standard * mimical.

COMMUNia N*CUPS of College Ninth;E Scores in the allChurch basketProvo Don Marshall dealer. your from Order

"ball tournament: Ward; Glen Dalling of Sugar City, and SPECIAL OFFER.*

Flight: Eggertson Ninth. Richard 51, of Provo Mick Grayson Championship P Mailone SI.dozen00 forsenttrialpostpaid.lot of players'Perkins outstanding Thirteenth Ninth 61, 47; Provo won theProvo

Fairmont 40. award. 55 Sudbury St.. Boston 14. Mass.

APRIL 1954 283

r -fr # These limes (Concluded from page 214) gime as the legal government or China?

Is the Eisenhower move to support

Pakistan and IndoChina with American arms propitious? The following prinples would seem to have some merit:

1. American policy should aim at the

fundamental welfare of Asia and its many peoples. Fundamental welfare

1. To restore natural body and feel 2. In a hurry to freshen a blouse? With includes freedom for individuals.

to fabrics, with no uncomfortable starchyFaultless cold starch you can wash, starch 2. This conception includes an obliiron dry and best. starchstiffness, starch is Hot hot gation to investigate, discover, and starch perfect cold of so the the fabric, threads in minutes.—instantlyYou can—makewithexpands the

starch can penetrate better. You can Faultless Starch—right in the washbowl! recognize the true aspirations of Asiatic

make perfect hot starch in barely a minute There is no quicker, easier way to starch peoples. People in Salt Lake City love

without cooking with Faultless Starch. than with cold Faultless Starch. their homes, automobiles, churches, the

temple, the tabernacle, the university, the mountains and their retreats, their family festivals, their factories, fields, and shops. What do the people of Do you know these secrets Asia love? Value? Aspire towards?

3. American policy should not make

the mistake of assuming that American of successful starching? power, in concert with certain European allies, is wise and strong enough

to bring to pass either these aspirations or this Asiatic "welfare."Let us remember the tennis rackets and electric

trains we have purchased for our children as gifts—which they have neither

understood nor appreciated. American

strength can be used for positive help in positive ways. But it can also be

used by exercising necessary restraints, by refusing to do some things even when it appears easier and simpler for us to do them. On rare occasions, when interests vital to the family of nations

are at stake, (such as "the free agency"principle, under the moral law and its 3. Just a few things to starch? Bottled 4. If you have an automatic washer, obligations, as applied to individuals),

starch is handy for inbetween-washdays, you can save time and work by starching we may have to use our strength to help but usually costs so much. With Faultless right in the machine, if the washing and maintain the law of the family.

rinsing and reset. cycle Better can be stopped your canStarch own you make

rinse time 4. As power must operate under the for Faultlc at the same a qt. and less thanBottled Starch You starch

less Starch has no preservatives to turn in the last rinse cycle. This is the famous moral law, so we must respect our own

yellow—DOES contain ironingaids Faultless StarchRinse. sense of right and wrong, of good and

evil, resist evil and strive unashamedly for the good as we have come to understand it.

Finally, perhaps, we should not get excited over the problem of Asia. Sober

concern is enough. After all the land

and peoples have been there a long, long time. Asians, it is said, have been

"awakened"by three centuries of European domination, by the west's aggressive measures. Perhaps the longrange

view should now be to stop prodding them with our schemes for their economic and political salvation. Maybe

so business their to mind want they cold or prefer hot, 5. articles. you can 6. starched Whether You Wringing they'll prod, if that we don't easier, or much quicker, there is no bottled, articles with wring out starched by hand,

your washing machine wringer or a spinbetter way to starch than with Faultless realize that Russia is prodding them directions packeach Starch. are on saves wringer Easy dryer. washing machine its The give Asia up. To shaking them and

crisp with for white the box to use Look a age. work, want but time and you may less, nor neither more consideration, the due the star Housekeeping big red so and Good wringer starch the or loosen heavier

you do not wring out too much starch. Seal at your grocer's. is one of the great issues of these times.

FREE BOOKLET to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is yours on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo. -fc284 *THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

President McKay Visits MilkRich

Missions in Latin America

(Continued from page 229) weather cleared, and the programwent forward as scheduled. TABLE QUEEN BREAD

Saturday afternoon, January 30, laidPresident the cornerMcKay stone for the chapel congives you under now struction in Montevideo. To have

their own chapel half built, and then have the President of the Church come more FOOD VALUE to offer a special prayer and lay the ofcornerstone, was but a dream the for your money until a shortSaints and missionaries time ago. This chapel is indeed a

nucleus around which the Saints of Each Pound Containsthat mission will grow in numbers and in strength. A priesthood session the nonfat milk

was held that evening. solids of

Sunday, January 31, was filled with conference sessions where the theme 7 OUNCES OF MILK was the Ten Commandments. Monday, February 1, a missionary meeting

was held in which President McKay instructed the missionaries and participated with them in their testimonies. Over two hundred members

went with the party to the airport, where the President's party said goodbye to the land and the Saints of

Uruguay.

Fifty minutes later the Saints in

Buenos Aires, Argentina, were singing, "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet."The greetings of the

Saints under the direction of President Lee B. Valentine were as

memorable as they had been. in the

other missions of this tour. Perhaps

they were a little warmer for Robert

R. McKay. It was his former mission,

and he was renewing acquaintances.

On February 2, by invitation, President McKay addressed the congregation of an American church in

Buenos Aires. He was well received,

as was his subject, the blessings that the American people have and the responsibilities that go with those blessings. It was a subject not peculiar to the LDS Church, and so that New Glorious Anthems! gCCSMBCga

received,congregation asked for, and Now AvailableSSAATTBB period. answera question and SPEAKS"PIKES PEAR "MORONI

experiences of the notable took and One place February President 3, when SPOKEN"FLOUR "GOD HATH

Juan D. Peron of Argentina granted (Testimony of the 3 Witnesses) With FOUR

an interview with President McKay. Recommended*"1 WALKEDSacredIN Music:GOD'S GARDEN"Extra Baking

In the words of Robert McKay: *"EVERY*"THEY FOUNDHEART HIMTHATIN ISTHECLEAN''TEMPLE"Advantages

"President Peron is well informed, *"GOD KNOWS"even knowing our social habits. He ANY ARRANGEMENT—Send For20eFreeEACHCopy EXCEPT—SOLO SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

said that he would like to offer us *Recorded by Jessie Evans Smith 425 West 5th South something, but since we don't drink, SUGAR HOUSE MUSIC CO. Salt Lake City, Utah

(Continued on following page) 2130 South 11th East Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1954 285 President McKay Visits

Missions in Latin America

(Continued from preceding page) take tea or coffee, or smoke, he gestured and goodnaturedly said that he would like to make us happy with something. Father responded with a

winning smile, acknowledged the kindness extended, and said that the host had already made us happy with his gracious reception."

During the interview the conversation took a turn to the place for the conference meeting on Sunday. President Peron was told that the meeting would be held in the Consejo de

Mujeres. He shook his head and

said that that place would be too small. He would place any theater

at our disposal for such an important event, even the Cervantes, a beautiHouse. Opera Gam a Full Quarter of College Study ful building, second only to the Colon President Peron did not know But

In the Beautiful Wasatch Mountains thatvated,theandbuildingunder wasnormalbeingcircumreno-

INSTRUCTION in 47 departFESTIVALS AND CLINICS will stances, would not have been ready.

festival of five colleges, ments Graduate include music the annual

Schools, Religion KasUpon hearing that President Peron Quartet, with Paganini and Nursing Anna

Division and Air R.O.T.C. kas, band clinic, special artist had designated that theater as a

WORKSHOPS AND INSTIseries. meeting place, an additional force of

faculty in teacher planned TUTES inDISTINGUISHED will Argentine workmen readied the buildLife Inservice training, Family and adevisit to augment able stitute, Language Arts, photoquate resident faculty. Visiting ing for our use.

ofRECREATIONsynthesis and others.is plentiful in the classes.artists also remain to conduct Upon leaving the presidential

surrounding mountains and inLEADERSHIP WEEK from June fices, President McKay gave President cludes 21 to 25 brings authorities Hike, annual Timpanogos on all Peron a beautiful leatherbound set plays, dances, subjects to assist Church privChurch opera, gym ileges. workers in improving service. of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine and

Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price. First Session—June 14 - July 16 February 4, 5, and 6 the party Second Session—July 19 - Aug. 20 motored, visiting branches of the

Church as far as 250 miles from Write NOW for a Catalog to Summer School Dean

Buenos Aires. A missionary meeting

6. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY was held the afternoon of February

PROVOUTAH Nearly eight hundred persons were at the Teatro Cervantes, Sunday,

February 7, for the two welladver- tised meetings. President McKay

spoke at both sessions. At Presizazzffizzgszza dent McKay's request, another meeting was called—this one with the

Welsh members of the Church who reside in Buenos Aires and Chubut.

He thoroughly enjoyed himself with people who shared his Welsh ancestry.

After the evening meeting in the theater, Radio Excelsior presented a tenminute tribute to President

McKay and the Church.

On Monday, February 8, a fond farewell was said at the airport to the Saints in Argentina.

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When the President's party landed at Santiago, Chile, February 9, they greetedwere members—Elder A PAPER Mrs. Billieand by twoFotheringham—believed to be the only members in that

country. The guests were taken to YOU

their home for a wonderful dinner.

The US Embassy officials also met WILL BE them at the airport, as did several news reporters. PROUD

February 10 was spent in Lima, visitingPeru, encouraging and the TO READsmall Saints group of which have come together in that country.

The next stop was Panama City,

Panama, where they were greeted by

President and Mrs. Gordon Romney

of the Central American Mission and several members of the Panama

City branch. One of the features of

the visit in Panama was the witnessing of the baptism of Juan and Irene The Deseret News and Telegram is an official organ of the

Andreve Coleman, believed to be the Church, containing official reports and instruction. It has the

first fullblooded Cuna Indians to join finest coverage and features in the Mountain West. As a Church

the Church. member, you can be proud to read this excellent

On February 12 the party, accomChurch newspaper. Subscribe now.

panied by President and Sister Romney, flew on to Guatemala City. Here

they held a missionary conference with fiftysix missionaries and visited j&tlf fake eljejgram the Saints.

Plane trouble caused President

McKay to remake his schedule. In

so doing, he decided to fly directlyto Los Angeles, instead of Mexico NOTICE

City, as they had previously planned. A Vital Aid to Study WE SPECIALIZE IN OLD AND

L.D.S. PUBLIHe immediately went to Laguna "THE BOOK OF MORMON OUT OF PRINT

Beach, California, where he rested GUIDE BOOK"CATIONS IF YOU ARE DEfor a week before returning to Salt by Verla Birred SIROUS OF OBTAINING OR

Lake City. Geography, Archaeology, Prophecy—SELLING. PLEASE SUBMIT

... Three Books in One—$5 YOUR LISTS TO

Deseret Book Co.—Z. C.M.I.

ZION'S BOOKSTORE SPRING GARDEN 65 East 2nd South

By Mary Lucretia Barker SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

Phone 4-3465 FREE An old man spaded dirt for planting** His flower seeds—coalyard nearby. CATALOG

His work was proof of poet phrases Make money and enjoy the

That hope will never, never die. pleasure and profit of "TANDY- m CRAFT"—America's easiest

Hobby.The OFFER... FREE LeatherWE our giant Get me, A COMPLETE catalog. hard old ground would yield, he told CATSuoO "DoIt-Yourself"craft

will care, daily toil andWith and SERVICE ENGRAVING NEAR STORE YOU - A TANDY shyly that added inAnd summer

Portraits to the Largest Missionary (SINCE CO, NATIONWIDELEATHER neighborEach receive his share. would 1919) Catalogues.From

JF, St. Dept. S. State 712

I knew his blossoms might not rival Salt Lake City, Utah Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

The hothouse or the florist plants, UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

But as he said that all would have some, 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

His faded eyes awoke to dance.

Retired last year on railroad pension, stayed he he had whereHe said LANKERSHIM spent DRINK HOTEL life, tracks the coalyard, besideHis and 7th & BROADWAY whistling train each heardAnd that went ficqo A delightful ROOMSIts lordly him. past, beyond on way

those for hot beverage alone. lonesome, though was notHe

coffee. don't drink IN THE VERY HEART OF flowers,"who country "This needs moreHe said,

And rubbed his forehead till it shone. AT YOUR GROCERS LOS ANGELES

APRIL 1954 287 Your Page

The Light Touch Dear Editors: Japan

like to I also send of address would my with my change Along sending in are swell all doing for the congratulation work you

Sage Advice The Improvement Era out to the servicemen and to those away

Cub Reporter: "I'd like some advice, sir, on how to run a newsfrommagazinehomeit foris. other... reasons. I need not tell you what a wonderful

paper."After I receive the Era it is read by myself and then passed on

Editor: "You've come to the wrong person, son. Why don't to the Gaddis family, who have recently come to the Far East.

you ask one of my subscribers?"Again many thanks to you who are responsible for sending us

Too Efficient the Era. Pfc. George C. Reeder

efficiency expert organization, into brought our an but he We Korea last. ofdidn't things the first did he to put nonbreakable was One

Editors: Dearglass in boxes. firealarm all the

wish to express my appreciation to the sixth quorum of elders, for Stake, sending ImBlackfoot I Groveland Ward, me The It Wouldn't Dare

It of the few contacts I have is one each month. Era provement

A salesman had been assigned territory in India. His friends with the Church since I arrived in Korea. As far as I know I am

were bidding him farewell. the only LDS boy in our company, so I haven't had the opportunity

"It gets very hot in India at times,"suggested one man. "Aren't to attend or hold any meetings.

you afraid the climate might disagree with your wife?"I am constantly looking forward to each issue. It is really

The man looked at him reproachfully: "It wouldn't dare!"wonderful that The Era is available to the servicemen overseas.

May the Lord bless each and everyone of you that make this

Forewarned possible.

Lady of the house, to new waitress appearing on duty bedecked Pfc. Fredrick Mangum

I jewelry: guests are tonight, having think Martha,with and "We Logan, Utah

ifit better jewelry."didn't be would wear you any Editors:

I'll you, for it Dear Martha: thank "Oh, warning take madam, me. issue of Imreceiving appreciated the January a copy of The

off immediately."I article entitled, the "Your Family—Era containing provement

Warning BestI wantDressedto congratulatefor Less."you upon the excellent manner in which

A gentle Quaker, hearing a strange noise at 1 a.m., got up and this article was prepared and especially to express appreciation for

discovered a burglar, busily at work. Getting his gun he came the references made to the Extension Service publications prepared

back and stood quietly in the doorway. "Friend,"he said, "I by Theta Johnson, clothing specialist.

would do thee no harm for the world, but thou standest right Carl Frischknecht, Director where I am about to shoot."Utah Extension Service

'MUSIC HAS-<$>- CHARMS"Smithfield Stake MIA presented its annual Christmas Cantata Una Jean Ravsten and Janet Loosle, Clarkston; Faye Griffiths,

December 13 in the beautifully decorated hall to one of the largest Second Ward; Doyle West and Nadean Hodges, Third Ward;

crowds to be in attendance at the Sunday evening service of Velma Fisher, Cleon Fisher, and Barbara Hillyard, Fourth Ward.

stake quarterly conference. "Chimes of the Holy Night"a These young people along with others from the seven wards

cantata by Fred B. Holten was directed by Mrs. Salome Hansen, of the stake made a total of 175 voices participating. Some were

with Mrs. Francis Anderson as organist and Mrs. Colleen Jensen absent when the picture was taken.

as pianist. Cochairmen for the event were Howard Hansen, stake activity

Those participating in solo parts and duets were: Ruth McArthur, superintendent, and Alice F. Weeks, stake activity counselor of the

Amalga; Kathleen Clark, Newton; Beverly and Virginia Barson, two MIA stake boards.

I

IdB... <n QiLr ti*U.-pfr TbJU uAL

Multirinsed in pure Cascade snow water

for greater purity, extra absorbency, Chiffon Tissues are snowflake soft, snow water pure, snowy white...

the special tissues for particular people.

Ahe/ pareVcftHi K i SJ V!: "i-pftleW 1*|B,, Baby gbft

... particular people, too, insist

on the special softness of facial quality, twinply Chiffon Toilet Tissue. Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954

"Gee. Dad! I know I've got whiskers"

It may actually be several years before your agent. You'll find his counsel of real value in

son needs to put a blade in "his"razor... but setting up a program to provide funds for your

those years will pass before you realize it. Now children's education... or any other financial

is the time to provide for his future. goal. Call him today, or write to the address

Make a date soon with your friendly Beneficial below.

BENEFICIAL LIFE billion Over a quarter

lifedollars insurance in force Insurance Company

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah