ORGAN OP THE PRIE3T1+OOD QUORUMS

THE YOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMHNT \50ClAT!0N3iAND THE CHOOUi OF THE

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, LHWi o t Joseph Smith as Scientist Cloth Binding - 75c

History of Joseph His OmimSmith jvibyot her Cloth - $1.00

- $2.50 BEFORE THE SMOKE Morocco

CLEARS AWAY On your firestricken shop, factory, SEND, OBDRB9 TO office or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long

unnecessary delays in adjusting, nohaggling over terms; but prompt payImprovement Era

ment of losses every time. It's to our 2022 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City

interestagain—weto canget youInsureset youup inagain.business

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH

Heber J. Grant & 2026 So. Main St. Salt LakeOc.City. Utah

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Win. Taylorn

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue OFFICE OPEN T AY AND NIGHT

21,23 and 25 South West Temple St.

"SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH EVERY HOME SHOULD OWN AN Autopiano THE ONE PLAYERPIANO THAT NEVER GIVES TROUBLE WHITE FOR SPECIAL TRICKS AND TERMS

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA"

I LIVE FOR WHAT

(Selected) I live for those who love me, Whose hearts are kind and true,

For the heaven that smiles above me,

And awaits my spirit, too;

For the human ties that bind me,

For the task by God assigned me,

For the bright hopes left behind me,

And the good that I can do.

I live to learn their story Who've suffered for my sake, To emulate their glory, And to follow in their wake;

Bards, patriots, martyrs, sages,

The noble of all ages, Whose deeds crowd history's pages

And Time's great volume make.

I live to hold communion With all that is divine, To feel there is a union 'Twixt Nature's heart and mine;

To profit by affliction, Reap truths from fields of fiction,

Grow wiser from conviction, And fulfil each grand design.

I live to hail that season, By gifted minds foretold, When men shall rule by reason,

And not alone by gold;

When man to man united, And every wrong thing righted,

The whole world shall be lighted

As Eden was of old.

I live for those who love me, For those who know me true, For the Heaven that smiles above me.

And awaits my spirit, too For the cause that lacks assistance,

For the wrong that needs resistance,

For the future in the distance,

And the good that I can do.

-George Linnaeus Banks, in Dublin University Magazine.

Improvement Era

Vol. XVI APRIL, 1913 No. 6

I am a "Mormon"Why

BY PRESIDENT W. A. HYDE, OF THE POCATELLO STAKE OF ZION

[President W. A. Hyde, of the Pocatello Stake of Zion, delivered this

address some months ago, in the Congregational church, in Pocatello,

Idaho, at the request of its pastor. It is one of a series given by members

of the different churches from the pulpit of the Congrgational church in that city. As an effort to condense the gospel ideals of the Latterday

Saints into a fortyfive minute speech, it is all that could be expected and is of value and interest especially to those who desire to investigate the gospel as taught by the Latterday Saints. The address was highly

spoken of by all classes, being well received by "Mormons"and non- "Mormons"alike. The Editors.]

In answering the question, "Why am I a 'Mormon'?"I shall

consider that I have made a satisfactory reply, if I shall have shown that "Mormonism"is a strong, beautiful, saving system of religion, and my discussion shall therefore be directed to an explanation of the most distinctly characteristic of our beliefs; and as

I suggested to your pastor, my effort, in the brief time that this meeting offers, shall be to touch only the high lights of our beliefs; and for this purpose I might profitably divide my subject

into three philosophy of the gospel as believed in divisions,—the

by us, the organization of the Church as the means for putting our theories into practical application, and the aims and accomplishments of our people.

In the beginning, that our minds may be free from any confusion that may arise on account of the use of terms not entirely clear to all people, I will say that the title "Mormon"has been borne by us much against our will in the past, but of late years with more patience and resignation. I don't see why we should

object to it, when not used officially, for the name itself is a good one, as it is that of a grand old soldier prophet who lived on this continent four hundred years after Christ. The name,

532 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, was adopted by the

Church officially, in contradistinction to that of the former day saints who constituted the organization of the Church in the days of Christ and his apostles. The term Christians, applied to the

early Church in derision, has now become the most honored generic title of religion that one may know, and the title of "Mormons"has attached to us, and has been accepted by us, much in the same way.

To consider the philosophy of "Mormonism,"is to consider its doctrines, for they are philosophical, and based upon truths so fundamental, as to be patent to us. "Mormonism"is essentially

Christian. Christ is the heart and soul of it. Eliminate his divine

personality form it and the philosophy is at once destroyed. Every

highway and byway in our theories lead to him. He is with us

the stone that has "become the head of the corner."

This philosophy, which we term the gospel of Jesus Christ, is in the beginning, before this world fundamental,—a plan made

was; delivered by the councils of God to Adam, preached unto

Abraham, renewed in modified form by type and symbol in the days of Moses, bearing its flower and fruit in the meridian of time, in the coming to the earth of Christ, its author; preached in

the demonstration of the Spirit by the apostles and followers of the Master; renewed again in this Dispensation of the Fulness of

Times, and which is now, as it has ever been, the "power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth."

While the truths of the gospel are deep, they are at the same time simple and easily understood. The Latterday Saint is spiritually practical in his views of religion, and he is simpleminded

in his acceptance of scripture. Making due allowance for the

poetical and figurative in the Bible, he believes that that book should not be subject to "private interpretation,"and he looks upon it as being a marvelously correct account of God's dealings with man kind. We have no sympathy with the modern tendency to subject to what is called the "higher criticism"the sacred word of

God, or rather, we believe that the Bible will survive all such criticism. We believe that there are a few errors in the Bible, due to

faulty translation, and that it suffers from incompleteness due to a loss of some of the writings of the prophets and ancient historians, but it is accepted as a standard of faith, and upheld as such by us.

Basing our views upon this standard of faith, and upon the believe in God the Eternal Father,revelation of God to us,—we

gloriousand in his Son, Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost,—the

Trinity who form the Godhead. God, the Father in very deed,

Jesus, his Son and our Elder Brother in very deed, and the Holy

Ghost, a personage of Spirit, whose chief mission is to bear witness of the Father. We harmonize the apparently irreconcilable ideas

of the personality and limited form of God with his omnipresence

WHY I AM A "MORMON"533

by the statement that God is everywhere present by the influence of his Spirit that proceeds from his presence and fills all space, that illuminates and warms the earth, that enlightens the eyes, and quickens the minds and intellects of men. We believe that God

selfis omnipotent by reason of his sufficient intelligence,—that the

evident fact that "knowledge is power"has as its ultimate conbelieve that the high aspiration in man thatclusion—God. We

seeks and climbs, is the reaching out of the Infinite within us to the

Infinite above us, and that an aeon of progress, perhaps, may see us nearing the place where knowledge will give us power to do, to create, to reign righteously, to uplift and exalt others, and these things are the elements of godhood.

We believe that we were with God in the preexistent state, that we came here willingly for the purpose of obtaining a body, with which, by obedience to God's laws, we might go back to him, having won eternal life and exaltation in his presence.

We believe in the free agency, or moral liberty, of man, and with that free agency we place upon him the responsibility for his own acts. "We believe that man will be punished for his own

sins, and not for Adam's transgression."The Fall of Adam

brought death into the world, the Atonement of Christ brings life again. Man is not responsible for the condition brought about by

Adam, and without terms, as far as man is concerned, that condition is removed by the vicarious offering of Christ. But having

"bought us with this price,"the Lord has imposed upon us the conditions by which our personal sins are to be forgiven. "We believe

that through the atonement of Christ all mankind may be saved by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the gospel."The laws and

the ordinances of the gospel are the conditions that Christ imposes upon us as the price of entry into his fold, and we believe that he has not left us in doubt as to what those laws and ordinances are.

The "Mormon"conception of scripture is that entry into the fold of Christ, which is the Church of Christ, must be by baptism of the repentant believer by immersion in water, and the baptism by the

Holy Ghost of the repentant believer. In other words, he "must

be born of the water and the Spirit or he cannot enter into the

Kingdom of God. Faith with us is the spiritual assurance that

faith, in the laying aside,leads to action,—repentance, the proof of

baptism, their utter washingas far as man may. of his sins.—and

out by the beautiful figure of the death and burial of the old, and the coming forth of the new man in Christ, and finally comes the witness of the Holy Ghost which shall guide the honest soul into all truth.

We believe that principles and ordinances, so sacred and farreaching as these, and which, by their very nature, presume the coooertion of God for the salvation of his children, may not be assumed or apply without proper authority. For these holy pur534 IMPROVEMENT Ek.\

poses, "we believe that man must he called of God by prophecy and by the laying on of hands by those in authority, to preach the gospel and administer in the ordinances thereof."

We believe that there should be a clear distinction between the fact, which no one denies, that God invites all men to do good, and that he accepts the contributions of all men to righteousness, and the specific authority by which he is bound by the act of his agent. Authority is the foundation of all law, human and divine,

and in the theory of the gospel, as believed in by the Latterday

Saints, one might as well take the authority of duly constituted officials out of civil government, as to take duly constituted authority out of ecclesiastical government. In either event there

could be no legal act performed. We believe that no man, no

matter how well intentioned he may be, "can take this honor unto himself, but he that is called of God."And that calling of God

must be no sentimental idea merely as to the need of the work, and of ones own special fitness for it, but by a definite act of God, as in the case of the calling of Aaron, or by the act of one who has been empowered to select and appoint by the inspiration of the

Holy Spirit, as in the case of Barnabas or Saul. This authority

the Latterday Saints claim to have received, and upon it they base their claims to the right to preach, baptize, confirm, and administer in all the saving ordinances of the Kingdom.

"We believe all that God has revealed, all that he does now reveal, and we believe that he will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the Kindgom of God."

The bringing to light of the Book of Mormon, in the beginning of the history of the Latterday Saints, was to them a wonderful and inspiring event. Outside of the interest it aroused in their

minds as to the mystery of this continent, which it to a great degree solved, it broadened their conception of the scope of God's great work, and the words of Paul came to them with greater clearness, wherein he says: "And hath made of one blood all nations of men

for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation; that

they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us."It is no idle

conception in the minds of the "Mormon"people, then, that outside of the scripture of the East and the scripture of the West, there may still be other scripture that is already written, that may;n due

time be revealed; and we look forward to the time, when all of

God's word that has been preserved shall be gathered together in one great volume. The Book of Mormon we look upon as being

the fulfilment of the prophecy of Ezekiel, for to us it is the stick of Ephraim, or book of Ephraim, which was to be united with the stick, or book, of Tudah, and that the two should become one in the hands of the people. We value the Book of Mormon as a companWHY I AM A "MORMON"535

ion book to the Bible, and believe that it is indeed the word of

God, and that the spirit and motive of the work have been accurately preserved in its translation. To us this book is beautiful

because of its truth. From our standards, it may be crude in composition, and lacking'the embellishments of high literary art, but it

must still stand as a masterpiece of literature, and is truthis and the purity of its motives, must be acknowledged by all candid readers.

The Pearl of Great Price, is, in addition to the Bible and the Book of Mormon, sacred scripture to us. This volume is a translation

from papyrus found in an Egyptian tomb and contains books of

Moses and Abraham.

Having accepted these sacred books unreservedly, the mind of the Latterday Saint is open to the will of God with reference to the needs of the present day..We believe that he has not left

us, alone of all his children, void of his living word. We do not

belittle ancient scripture, in beliving that God may have a word for us now, any more than Paul belittled Moses, or John the Revelator, infringed upon the rights of Isaiah. Humanity is continually evolving in a sense. The world is won today by new methods, as unlike as possible the customs of old. Is all thought progressive, except religious thought, and are we to be deprived of the

light that should accompany new development? Granting and

maintaining sturdily that the gospel is eternal, and its principles unchanging, still, with much of the plan lost in the ages, and new conditions arising, the "Mormon"looks for the living word to direct him now. Loving the word of Paul and Peter, he is not

satisfied with the pittance that is preserved of what they said.

Glorying in the conceptions of Isaiah, he desires and looks for new prophetic word, for surely the kind Father who rules in love and mercy, "will do nothing except he reveal his secrets to his servants, the prophets."God. we believe, is revealing himself daily,

in the marvelous progress of the age, and to inquiring minds everywhere he grants his inspiration, and to his Church he grants revelation from time to time, as it shall need, for the specific guidance of its members.

The Doctrine and Covenants of the Church, is a compilation of revelations given in this day that harmonize with God's former word, and make clear his desires to us: and the history of the

Latterday Saints is the history of the development of these instructions, and their application to present conditions. They deal

largely with the organization of the Church, and while emphasizing the commandments given in olden times, supply many new and precious things for the comfort and enlightenment of the Saints.

Among other things, the outline of a system of living is revealed that if observed would cure the ailments in our social and industrial life; it is the law of the order of Enoch, bv which that ancient city

was perfected. It is a social order by which men become united in

536 IMI'KOVKMK.V] I- l< \

a common purpose in all things, and thai is predicated -entially upon the spirit of the gospel.

Tt reveals principles for the physical salvation of hui laying down some of the laws of health thai if observed would work a revolution in the strength of the race.

It reveals a perfect financial system Tor the perpetuation and promotion of the work of the Church, that is founded on strict justice to all, the rich and the poor alike.

In a revelation, rich in doctrine and philosophy, is shown the different degrees of glory to which men may attain, and the brief reference of Paul to the glories that he saw in his vision of the

Heavens is fully explained.

Kducation is, exalted, and knowledge is made a great aim in life, as witness these sayings:

''The glory of God is intelligence."

"It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."

"Whatever principles of intelligence we attain to in this life, will rise with us in the resurrection."

"Tf a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."

"Seek ye diligently and teach one another words of wisdom: seek

learning, even by study, and also by faith."

"Teach ye diligently, and my grace shall attend you, that you may be instructed more perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all things that pertain unto the Kingdom of God that are expedient for you to understand."

"God shall give unto you knowledge by his Holy Spirit, yea by the unspeakable gift of the Holy Ghost, that has not been revealed since the world was until now; which our forefathers have waited with

anxious expectation to be revealed in the last times, which their minds were pointed to by the angels, as held in reserve for the fulness of their glory; a time 1o come in which nothing shall be withheld, whether there be one God or many Gods, they shall be manifest; all thrones

and dominions, principalities and powers, shall be revealed and set forth upon all who have endured valiantly for the gospel of Jesus

Christ; and also if there be bounds set to the Heavens, or to the seas;

or to the dry land, or to the sun, moon and stars; all the times of their

revolutions; all the appointed days, months and years, and all their

glories, laws and set times, shall be revealed, in the days of the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, according to that which was ordained in the midst of the Council of the Eternal God of all other

Gods, before the world was, that should be reserved unto the finishing and the end thereof, when every man shall enter into his eternal presence, and into his immortal rest."

WHY I AM A "MORMON"537

With this promise in our minds, we look to see the time when there will be no mysteries, for the hidden things will be revealed, and all men will be led unerringly to the light of Christ, the author of this wonderful plan.

The revelations inculcate the philosophy of a perfect patience and faith. Says one of them: "Seek diligently, pray always, and

be believing, and all things shall work together for your good, if ye walk uprightly and remember the covenant wherewith ye have covenanted one with another."And again: "For verily I say

unto you, blessed is he that keepeth my commandments, whether in life or in death; and he that is faithful in tribulation, the reward

of the same is greater in the Kingdom of Heaven. * * * For

after much tribulation cometh the blessings. Wherefore the day

cometh that ye shall be crowned with much glory; the hour is not

yet, but is nigh at hand.""Be patient in afflictions, for thou shalt

have many; but endure them, for, lo, I am with thee, even unto

the end of thy days."The principle is plainly laid down that the

Saints must acknowledge the hand of God in all things. Their

sorrows as well as their joys come from him, and all things work together for their experience and development. These teachings

have made the "Mormon"people Spartanlike in endurance, and patient and longsuffering under all conditions. This is the essential philosophy of the true pioneer. It enabled the Saints to

leave their comfortable homes in Illinois without a murmur. It

led them across the plains, singing songs of devotion and confidence. It enabled them to fasten their feet firm in the desert

that has been pronounced uninhabitable. This is the same spirit

that shone from the hearts of the exiles from the Mexican colonies within the last few months; leaving $8,000,000 worth of property

behind them to be pillaged by barbarians, they were found in their temporary shelter in El Paso, scantily provided for, sick and dependent, singing their inspiring songs of Zion; and those people

will settle again wherever the providences of God shall lead them, and will again conquer the earth with their sublime courage and patience.

I am a "Mormon"because I believe that if the same spirit is manifested in the Church now as in former times, the same results will be obtained. "We believe in the gift of tongues, prophecy, revelation, visions, healing, interpretation of tongues, etc."

Some of the most sacred recollections of the "Mormon"people are the tender manifestations of God's care for them and their sick who have been healed bv the power of faith, and there has beei.

much comfort received from these words

"And whosoever among you are sick, and have not faith to be healed, but believe, shall be nourished with all tenderness, with herbs and mild food, and that not by the hand of an enemy. Ar"4

538 IMPR< >VEMENT ERA

the ddera of the Church, two or more, shall be called, and shall pray if they die theyfor and lay their hands upon them in my name; and

shall die unto me, and if they live, they shall live unto me. Thou

shall live together in love, insomuch that thou shalt weep for the loss of them that die, and more especially for those that have not hope of a glorious resurrection. And it shall come to pass that those that die

in me, shall not taste of death, for it shall be sweet unto them."

Under the administrations of the elders the sick have been healed, and specific instances are to be found in the testimonies of hundreds. Faith and works go together in these, as in all the

experiences of the Saints, and the skill of the nurse and physician is invited along with the exercise of faith in the Divine Healer.

Bearing in mind the wise suggestion of Paul: "For he that

speaketh in an unkown tongue, speaketh not unto men but unto; howbeit, in the spirit heGod; for no man understandeth him

speaketh mysteries,"the Latterday Saints still have comfort and faith in the fact that the gift of tongues and the interpertation thereof, has not been uncommon among them. But this to us is a

sign rather than the substance of our religion. It bears up and

sustains the humble follower of Christ with the assurance that the

Spirit that he promised his disciples in the days of old, is still among men for their solace and edification, and these sacred instances in our lives are treasured in the inner sanctuaries of our hearts, where they aid in keeping alive the flame of our faith.

I am a "Mormon"because our religion teaches us the highest type of patriotism and love of our country. Our writings teem

with patriotic sentiments. The Book of Mormon speaks of America as a land held sacred by God for his special purposes. It is to

be a land of liberty, a land of true democracy, a land dedicated to the advancement of great principles, a light to the world, conditioned only upon the righteousness of its inhabitants. Through

the pages of that book from the beginning to the end is written

God's warnings against evil in those who shall be permitted to occupy this choice land, and the destruction of a race comes as a final climax in the fulfilment of that warning. In the minds of the

Latterday Saints is the thought of a similar fate for this favored nation, if, she keep not her hands free from tyranny and oppression, and remembers not the law of God, and fails to bear aloft the banner of political, social and industrial righteousness. The purposes of God are indissolubly connected with the life of this government. America led the way to religious liberty for the entire

world. She has set the pace of progress in the happiness and

development of mankind, and she must not fail now at the time of the culmination of God's great work in the redemption of the entire earth from bondage and sin. America must ever lead.

This is what our books and our leaders have taught us. We love

WHY I AM A "MORMON"539

the Constitution of our government, for we believe it to have been inspired of God.

These are the words of Joseph Smith with reference to that sacred instrument:

"The Constitution of the United States is a glorious standard; it is

a heavenly banner; it is like a great tree under whose branches men from

all climes can be shielded from the burning of the inclement sun."

In speaking of the proceeding that should be followed for the obtaining of redress of grievances, one of our revelations says

"According to the laws and constitution of the people which I have suffered to be established, and should be maintained for the rights and protection of all flesh, according to just and holy principles * * *

And for this purpose, have I established the constitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood."

God's great purpose in his plans -for America we believe to be in the fact that some day Zion is to be built upon this continent, where we believe, indeed, that the human race originated, and that upon our favored land, Christ shall set up his Western capital, and that with Jerusalem in the East redeemed, and his glory resting upon it, "out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem."

Having this exalted idea of our country, and feeling thus toward its institutions, it follows logically that we should believe in "being subject to our presidents, rulers and magistrates,"and that "we believe in obeying, honoring and sustaining the law."

The laws established on the foundation of our Constitution must be upheld at any cost, and there is no wav of changing or amending the Constitution but by the method therein ordained; and the

conservatism of the "Mormon"people as to proposed changes in our fundamental law, is a result of a fear that they have, that an instrument that they believe to have been inspired of God, was in danger of violation. That the laws and institutions of our

country mav be upheld, we counsel respect for men in authority, and we try to uphold their hands and sustain them in the discharge of th Q ir official duties.

The Latterday Saints believe in the redemption and perfection of their dead, and of sealing ordinances, which reach into futurity, and this principle of their faith, perhaps the least understood by others, is, in and of itself, the most beautiful and potent of their doctrines, for it is the climax of their faith. "If in this

life only we have hone, then are we of all men most miserable,"and the Latterday Saint has learned to distinguish between the

540 IMI'R. IVKMKXT I'.KA

natural sentiment in the heart of man, which is born oi his wish and desire, that presumes a union with his loved kindred in the hereafter, and the hope, which is akin to knowledge, which is based upon the sanction and authority of God For such a union.

it should We believe that the authority "to hind on earth and be bound in I leaven"was not reserved for Peter alone, but that wherever God has had a dispensation of the gospel, he has had men with like powers. The "Mormon"theory of authority takes

the ground well established in law that the principal is hound by the act of the accredited agent. They assume rightfully, we believe, that the things that God does, are as his own nature and

from our own narrow sphere, we perplans—eternal. Emerging

ceive generation after generation of the existence of the sons and daughters of God. These are all part of the grand racial chain,

to which we are united by ties of blood and kinship. Some of

these were blessed with the gospel in their day of mortality, and some of them died without the light: we do not believe that these

who have not confessed Christ shall go into outer darkness for no fault of their own, but that wherever they are and whatever may be their condition, they may all if they so choose come in due time to the general assembly and church of the First Born and be members of the fold of Christ. This presumes another sphere of

opportunity, where the spirits of the departed may hear, consider and accept or reject the gospel. It presumes the cooperation of

the visible with the invisible world, by means of earthly ordinances which are performed for the dead, which upon acceptance by the beneficiaries bring them into fellowship with Christ, and heirs to the blessings of the gospel. It is written that Christ "went to

nreach to the spirits in prison, who were disobedient in the days of

Noah;"and the mystery of the saying of Paul, "Why are ye then

baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all?"is dispelled in the

light of the vicarious work performed by the Latterday Saints.

Last year there were 1 14,000 ordinances for the dead performed in our four temples, and that work has been going on since the openinsr of the temple in Nauvoo, Illinois, in the infancy of the

Church. The snirit of Elijah, we believe has come to "turn the

heart of the children to the fathers, and the heart of the fathers to the children."and men the world over are searching for the

genealogies of their progenitors, and link by link the work of connection is being supplied in the temples, and fathers are being united to their descendants in the great plan of God's redemption and the Millennium will, no doubt, see this work completed. Fitting into this theory of the salvation of all the human race is the

belief that an army of men, pernios from Paul of old clown to the last man who died with the truth in his heart, are carrying the gospel of Christ to those who had no opportunity or disposition to receive it here.

WHY I AM A "MORMON"541

The devout "Mormon"turns his heart to the temple as did the Jews of old, and no doubt for a similar reason. Our children

sing of the sacred building. The youth and maiden dream of it

in connection with their early loves, for when married there, their sealing is for time and all eternity. Under these conditions such

unions are of the spirit as well as of the body, and the result is that "Mormon"marriages are usually happy, and divorces very infrequent.

If outward forms had within them the power to convert, I should b"a "Mormon,"for the beauty and strength of our organization. It is a system strong, yet flexible, with power centralized,

yet distributed. It is a theodemoracy of a perfect type. With

us "all things must be done by common consent, by much prayer and faith."The tendency of man to usurp authority is understood

and provided against with a rule of iron and a corresponding penalty. Here is to be found a fundamental in government that

may be termed a cornerstone of the constitution of the Church, and that in effect might be profitably copied by civil government

''Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen. And why are

they not chosen? Because their hearts are set so much upon the

things of this world, and aspire to the honors of men, that they do nof learn this one lesson—that the rights of the priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the powers of

heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon the principles of righteousness. That they may be conferred upon us, it is true, but

when we undertake to cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control, or dominion, or compulsion upon the souls of the children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit of the Lord is grieved;

and when it is withdrawn, Amen to the Priesthood, or the authority of that man. Behold, ere he is aware, he is left unto himself, to kick against

the pricks; to persecute the saints, and to fight against God. * * * *

No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the

Priesthood, only by persuasion, by long suffering, by gentleness, and meekness, and by love unfeigned; by kindness, and pure knowledge,

wh;ch shall greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and without

guile, reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved upon by the

Holy Ghost, and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy."

The manifestation of this spirit has greatlv endeared the different leaders of the Church to the Latterday Saints, for we have seen in their martyrdom and sacrifice for us that "their faithfulness has been stronger than the cords of death."No leader has

ever asked a man to do a thing that he would not have been willing 542 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to do himself, and the greatest of all in our Church has always been the servant of all.

As we claim our doctrines to be the restored gospel, so it would follow that our organization is the restored Church, for the one is the complement of the other, and one could not perform its mission without the other. It is the same in general structure as

that organized by Christ and his apostles. There are "prophets,

apostles, pastors, teachers and deacons;"elders, bishops, evangelists and seventies, all with functions so clear and distinct as to

mark them as separate and apart in authority, but still, in a degree, coordinate one with the other.

Three high priests, supported and upheld by the Church, are the presiding quorum over the Church in all the world. This

quorum is known as the Presidency of the Church. The twelve

apostles form a quorum next in authority. Their duty is to oversee the preaching of the gospel, and themselves to be special ministers of Christ and witnesses of him. They also set in order the

stakes of Zion, and cooperate with the First Presidency in the broad general duties of administration. The First Seven Presidents of Seventy have the duty of supervising the quorums of

Seventy under them, whose duty it is to preach the gospel, whenever and wherever called; there are approximately ten thousand

of these men who are sometimes designated as the "minute men"of the Church.

The patriarch of the Church, sometimes termed an evangelist, presides over the patriarchs in the stakes. Their mission is a

prophetic one and is devoted to the blessing and comfort of the

Saints.

These with the Presiding Bishopric, whose duty it is to look after the temporal matters, or business affairs of the Church, form the general authorities.

The rank and file of the priesthood is divided into an army of high priests, seventies and elders of the higher or Melchizedek priesthood, and a like army of priests, teachers, and deacons of the

Aaronic priesthood. Every worthy male member over twelve

years of age is supposed to have some degree of authority, and carry some responsibility.

The high priests, whose calling is more particularly to preside, have general direction of affairs in the wards and stakes; the seventies as has been explained are standing ministers; the elders also

labor as missionaries and at home in various active capacities, under the direction of the presidents of stakes and the bishops.

The special duty of the priests, teachers and deacons, is to visit the people in their homes, and encourage and watch over them, and to minister comfort to the Church, as its servants under the direction of the bishops.

The Church is divided for convenience of management into

WHY I AM A "MORMON"543

stakes and missions of which there are at present sixtytwo stakes and twentyone missions. A stake for convenience is divided into

wards, of which there are now about seven hundred. When the

officers of the Church are doing their duty, every family of the

Saints is visited once a month in their homes where they are encouraged to faithfulness.

Relief Society, with its mission Six auxiliary societies,—the

of charity and aid to the needy and distressed; the Sunday School,

and Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutuals, and the Primary

Associations, with their social and educational functions; and the

Religion Class, teaching practical religion under the direction of our Church school system, all cooperate in assisting to strengthen the Church.

Our organization has been compared to that of the German army, but if there can be a likeness found, it exists only in the attention to and control of detail, by which a great body may be quickly reached and set in motion. The labors of the priesthood

are, first, to proclaim the gospel. This is a day of warning in

preparation for the coming of Christ to reign upon the earth. One

thousand young men go out into the world each year, bearing the message, and crying repentance. This is without remuneration

and at their own expense. Our second interest is to build up and

establish the stakes of Zion. We are essentially colonizers. The

men who preach today, are at the plow or bench tomorrow. With

us all matters are not in nature and reality, yet as a spiritual,—if

means to gain the result sought. To plan and provide for the

emigrant, is to make of him a successful, useful and contented addition to the Church, and to colonize, and to build a sugar factory is with us, in their sphere, as essential as to preadi the word.

The Saints are cooperative by teaching and tradition; there lies

ever before them that higher law of social and industrial unity to which their minds have been directed by revelation, and an education, is going on, that is, perhaps unconsciously to them, preparing them for it.

The organization of the Church provides for a judicial system.

There is the bishop's court having jurisdiction in the ward, in varying degree over every member. The High Council of the

stake, has original and appellate jurisdiction, as does the highest court presided over by the President of the Church, which is the court of last resort with us. Our courts deal only in matters that

do not interfere with the civil courts, and can enforce a decision only by the force of the penalty of excommunication. They are

enjoined to judge righteously, and mete out justice without fear or favor, and they have been the means of settling many difficulties that without their good offices might have resulted in loss of much money and faith.

As to the attitude of the "Mormon"people to the world: our

544 IMPROVEMENT ERA

doctrines teach us to be broadly generous and free in what we have to offer, and frankly receptive to what our neighbors have to give to us. If. because of pressure from without, we have in the past

been selfcentered, that is not the result of our doctrines, but because of our experiences. A system of faith so wide as to cover

eternity, and reach out for the dead, the living, and future generations, is the opposite of narrow. We have this conception of

( kid's dealings with his children, that in all ages and climes he has inspired men with truth. The world is full of good. Great men

are striving for and finding the truth in art, poetry, science, morals, law and ethics, and all we can get of light we desire and need.

"Mormonism"embraces all truth, and in saying that we are not stealing or appropriating the possessions of others. Truth is like

sunlight and air, the gift of God, and none can lay hand upon it, and appropriate it exclusively.

Mr. Rollin Lynde Hart, in summing up our doctrines, recently

said in the Atlantic:

"Are you a Baptist? The 'Mormon'believes in immersion. A

Methodist? The 'Mormon'obeys his bishop. A Campbellite? The

'Mormon'claims a yet closer return to apostolic ordinances. A

Theosophist? The 'Mormon'holds to preexistence. A Spiritualist?

The 'Mormon'hears voices from the dead. A Faith healer? The

'Mormon'heals by the laying on of hands. A Second Adventist? The

'Mormon'waits the Messiah. A Universalist? The 'Mormon'says all

will be saved. Massing his proof he declares his peerless religion the

one immutable, eternal faith, lost in the early ages and restored in the latter days, though glimmering in broken lights through all the creeds of Christendom. 'Bring me from Europe or Asia,'said Brigham

Young, 'a truth that is not a part of 'Mormonism,'and I'll give a thousand errors for it, if you can find them.'Said a 'Mormon'at

Harvard, 'Sunday by Sunday I go to service in the Appleton chapel, and there I hear nothing but 'Mormon'doctrine.'Limited only by

the broad bounds of Christianity, this faith is an amalgamated and coordinated parliament of religions."

Our articles of faith are rounded and completed by this humble statement

"We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in dong good to all men; indeed, we may say that we follow the admonition of Paul: We believe all things, we hops all things, we

have endured many things, and hope to be able to endure all things.

If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things."

Now. after having said so much, we unhesitatinglv lay down

WHY I AM A "MORMON"545

this statement, that if our doctrines are not authoritative and full of truths, we have not been able to read scripture aright, and that if Joseph Smith was not inspired of God in his revelations for the restoration of the gospel and the organization of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, then he must be classed as a constructive genius of the highest rank; and if to us be now applied Christ's infallible rule, "By their fruits ye shall know them,"

what should I say further? Here I should let history speak. If

we have proved unworthy of the principles we offer, then have great truths been entrusted to undeserving hands. Admitting

that there has been and is now, many that are unworthy among us,

I am sure history will not classify us as a people thus, for, though with fifty years more of time for the haze to lift, we may see more clearly the results of our doctrines, yet I believe that even now, the "Mormon"people show worthy fruits, that are discernible to him who will see.

"Mormon"energy, fortitude and intelligence, led the way for the development of the West, and demonstrated that a desert, denounced by Webster on the floor of the Senate of the United States as a "vast worthless area"could be made the home of prosperous millions. "Mormonism"has taken from the different nations of the world its converts, and, applying right principles of government to their lives, has fused them into a superior type of citizenship.

We are making men who are patriotic, and who love their country with a devotion as strong as any; men who have been and now are

ready to offer their lives, if necessary, in its defense. The "Mormon"citizen is not radical in any direction, and this nation may

expect to find them always on the side of law and national integrity and honor.

Our country needs "Mormonism"to enter more largely into its institutions. If all could believe as we about our country, there

would be few radicals and no anarchists, and we would make our country great by clearing up the evils within it, for we believe that no armament or navy shall serve to defend us if we are not a righteous nation.

"Mormonism,"by its "word of wisdom"teaches a system of temperate and abstemious living, with reference to intoxicants and stimulants, that will mean much to the future generations, and to this, perhaps, and to the injuction to uphold and sustain the law, is due the fact that in comparison to other communities, the percentage of criminality is very low among the "Mormon"people.

Wherever "Mormons"colonize, the first thing they do is to thebuild a church and then near to it they build a school,—and

Church has developed a splendid school system, with colleges, universities and academies, and illiteracy, according to a recently published statement of the Commissioner of Education of the 546 IMPROVEMENT ERA

United States, is lower in Utah, the headquarters of the "Mormon"Church, than in any other state in the Union.

We are rated high in the commercial world as honest and thrifty.

I believe that the world in its present stage of development has need of just such a system as "Mormonism,"for it is quick to discern elemental rights and principles, and to uphold them. It is

strong, forceful and aggressive. We are not materialistic in the

sense that that word is applied to us; there is no more spiritual

faith than ours. Today scientists are rapidly discerning what we

spirit is matter, only in ahave known for half a century,—that

purer and finer form.

As man conquers one element and then another, discovers one hidden secret and then another, masters the things that are the utilities of the universe, that -have lain at our feet since God first ordained them, he must inevitably stand at last on the threshold of the Infinite, and will then sense the fact that the "Mormon"mind now grasps, that with the secret of life made known, God can be revealed in the immensity of his knowledge; and with the

chasm between mortality and infinitude narrowed, man may admit, as the "Mormon"has claimed for eighty years, that God is a man perfected, whose handdealings are apparent and potent today as ever.

For its high philosophy of doctrine, its practical strength of purpose, and its lofty aims, all of which are fortified by a thousand references of scripture and history, I am proud that I am a "Mormon,"for, as Mr. Hart says, I believe our religion to be "a peerless one,"and that when understood, it most nearly fills the aspirations and needs of mankind for their salvation here and exaltation hereafter.

POCATELLO, IDAHO

Interesting Stories.

ARRANGED BY GEO. D. KIRBY

it be like God to create such beautiful, unselfish loves, Life.—Would

most like the love of heaven, of any type we know, just for our three score years and ten? Would it be like him to let two souls grow together

here, so that the separating of the day is pain, and then wrench them apart for eternity? What is meant by such expressions as "risen together, sitting together in heavenly places?"If they mean anything,

INTERESTING STORIES 547

they mean recognition, friendship, enjoyment. Our friends are not

dead, nor asleep; they go on living; they are near us always, and God

has said, "We should know each other there."—Elizabeth Stuart

Phelps.

Life alone can give out his true bearings. Advice, education,

friends, sympathy, encouragement and all else can not give to one his own bearings on the journey through the days.

Patience must have her perfect work, and patience results alone from hard facts. Disappointment must play its part. There may be

moments and days of black darkness. Things contrary may prevail

on every hand.

Out of it all may come the greatest good; the pathway before one

may be cleared; the cloud by day and a pillar of fire my night may

become a reality.

The greatest discovery is to find one's bearings in life, and the greatest gift, strength and resolution to follow those bearings to. the

end.

Equality.—Equality of rank there can never be; equality of wealth

there can never be; equality of intellect there can never be; equality

of influence there can never be. Such is the ordinance of God's providence. In the will of man, as in the world of nature, there must always be the mole hills as well as the mountains, and the thistles as

well as the forest trees. But equality of essential happiness, equality

of pure and true thoughts, there may be; and equality of common

destiny there is.

Francis Bacon.—Francis Bacon, eminent scholar and statesman,

was born. in London, England, Jan. 22, 1561. He was the youngest

son of Sir Nicholas Bacon, a lawyer and statesman, and was endowed with much natural talent. He was a great master of the English language and many have ascribed to him the authorship of the plays of

Shakespeare. It has been said of him that if men ever forgot his eminence as a statesman and as an expounder of the law, he would still be

remembered by the curious faculty which enabled him to pack away into a few sentences, a wealth of meaning. While his life in public

office is clouded with dishonor and meanness, his scientific and literary work is illuminated with his intellect, which towered far above that of other men of his time. His essays are the best examples of this gift,

the most popular among them being "Essays,""History of the Reign of Henry VII,""Advancement of Learning,"etc. His works relate

to all subjects from jurisprudence to morality and medicine, but his poem which he entitled "The World,"affords another striking example, especially as he seldom wrote in verse. He died on April 9, 1626,

deeply in debt, although for many years he had been a highsalaried court official.

A T\ PICAL BULLOCK OUTFIT, UNITED SOUTH AFRICA

In Sunny Africa

BY FRANK I. HEWLETT. PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN MISSION

III—The Transvaal

versus The spirit of 76 was ripe in South Africa,—Boer

Britain. Tn many instances, no doubt, it was a case of "might

makes right."The Dutch people appealed to Great Britain for

justice, and asked that reparation be made them for the many wrongs that had been inflicted upon them. We will not even

make the attempt to explain the many reasons for their appeal, but suffice it to state that their cries went unheeded, and instead of a "call to arms,"the hardy Boers determined to blaze a trail to the land of the North.

Indignation meetings had been held in every little town.

and cattle camp on the Karoe. The old Dutch spirit was up

the spirit of the men that cut the dykes. The same spirit as that

of the American colonies in 1776. Rebellion was useless. But a

vast wilderness stretched to the north of them. The nomad life

was congenial to them, and in their large bullock carts in which some of their kinsmen had pioneered the way to the land of the

Zulu and the Basutos, they had vehicles, homes, forts, all in one. Cart after cart was loaded ud. the huge teams were inspanned, the women were seated inside of the canvas room, the

men. with their longbarreled cams, walked alongside, and the

great exodns was begun. Their herds and flocks accompanied the

migration, and the sturdv Boer children held tn drive and round them up at night. One little boy of ten with clothes all tattered

IN SUNNY AFRICA 549

and torn cracked his long whip, made from the toughest hide, behind the motley string of oxen. He was a small item in that

singular crowd, but could the veil of the future have been drawn aside for a moment to show us the man that was more than any other destined to mold the political sturdyfortune of South Africa—the

little fellow cracking the whip was

Stephanus Paul Kruger. It was a

strange exodus, comparable only in modern times to the travels of the "Mormons,"in their search for Utah, to them the land of Canaan, flowing with milk and honey, under the leadership of an equally great leader,

Brigham Young.

A large part of the Boer pioneers settled in The Transvaal, and scattered over a space as large as Germany and larger than Pennsylvania, New

York and the New England states.

The government of the Transvaal, after the first war, was left in the 7 rTE LATE PREST. KRUGER

hands of a triumvirate, but after one year, Kruger became President, an office which he continued to hold for eighteen years. His career as ruler

vindicates the wisdom of that wise but unwritten provision of the United ad?

/States by which it is understood by all A rAmerican citizens that there is a limit 1 jMrifr v-w SimisM l s>2k JStk*ito the tenure of the President's high r 'i W>V- t 'j& 8| jMMoffice. Continued rule for half a gen- U.:i mf,JSieration must turn a man into an auto- \ jF'-""M i.SjEcrat. The old president has said JZTT mhimeslf in his homely but shrewd way, &- -

"that when one gets a'good ox to lead mt3f3l ** V&Bf H( Mmthe team it is a pity to change him."HL.f

If a good ox, however, is left to his directionchoose without own guidance, into 1 draw he may his wagon trouble. Monument in Pretoria to

Young Boer Who Fell Let us take a peep at Pretoria, in the Late War capital of The Transvaal, and the most typical Dutch city in South Africa. Pretoria is situated in a hollow, surrounded by greenclad hills, and this made it possible to

conduct water from the Aapee river in furrows at the side of the streets for irrigation purposes. It was found that water perme550 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ated the soil, the furrows being built of rough stone but this drawback has been almost completely overcome since the streets have been macadamized, or paved, open spaces drained, and the system of surface drainage established which now carries off all surface and drainage water, back to the Aapee river Pretoria has a mixed population consisting of 36,837 whites, 21,114 Asiatics, and 1,790 blacks. Area, eight and onehalf square miles.

The executive capital of United South Africa is 1,042 miles from Cape Town, 740 miles from Port Elizabeth, 510 from DurTHE LATE PRESIDENT KRUGER S HOME

ban and 42 miles from Johannesburg. In 1860 the emigrant

farmers north of the Vaal chose the village of Pretoria as the capital, and a typical Dutch village it remained until the opening of the gold fields, in 1886. Wealth flowed into the village which

took on renewed activity; massive structures were built for State

and municipal purposes; it also received an impetus in 1910 to

fit the town to take its place as the administrative capital of

United South Africa. Government sanction was obtained for a

$6,000,000 loan for municipal improvements, which was expended for part of the sewerage system, cattle market, steam disinfectors, swimming baths, market, etc. The electric car line was constrcuted at a cost of onehalf million dollars. The government also

expended large sums on public buildings. A magnificent pile of

public offices was hurried forward on Meinli/ee Kop, at a cost of $5,000,000. The new stone and brick post office was built.

IN SUNNY AFRICA 551

which cost $512,000, and a museum and library, $590,000, and numerous lesser improvements were made.

We had the pleasure of visiting the modest home of the late

President Kruger. Across the street may be seen the church that

he so faithfully attended. It is surrounded by a square tower

which contains a handsome clock. It is minus the gold hands,

which were stolen during the war, and no attempt has been made to replace them. The

wide streets, running water, and nice rows of shade trees remind us in many ways of our Salt Lake City, nestled under the shade of the Wasatch.

Let us hasten to Johannesburg, the golden city of the

Rand, distance forty - two Frank T. Hewlett at a United Southmiles. We are booked for African Railroad Station

Cape Town, but the South African railway officials are goodnatured in giving us, without extra charge, plenty of stopover privileges. The railroads of

United South Africa are owned and operated by the government which derives a handsome income on the invested capital. The

trains are patterned somewhat after the style of the English locomotives and coaches. The coaches are divided into compartments,

each to hold six persons. At night the cushions on either side

are dropped down in such a manner as to make six beds, or you might call them wide shelves. Of course the guards, or, as we

would say, conductors, come along about dark, and the ladies are given separate compartments from the gentlemen. Most of the

African people bring their own bedding, or it can be furnished by the railway company, at two shillings and sixpence for two nights, the price the same if used only for one night. For porters

we have kaffir boys about sixteen years old to roll up and take care of the bedding. The dining cars are upto-date; breakfast

and lunch cost two shillings and sixpence, and dinner three shillings. You can order from the menu card, and have abundance

to take care of your appetite. There are first, second and third

class. Third class coaches are for the natives only. Many vexatious law suits have been taken to the courts to decide who is a

native, and what constitutes a European. The blueuniformed

conductor walks the length of the train and makes sure of his total, waves a flag, the whistle toots plaintively, and the long line leaps into motion, with a jerk, on the first stage of its long trip.

With a hoarse croak from the siren, and a grind of the wheels, the Imperial Mail is off. A blear of waving handkerchiefs, a

552 IMPROVEMENT ERA

glimpse of many signal posts, and criscrossing of the rails, and the old Pretoria station with the immense new one nearly finished fades from view. Away, on, with evergathering speed through

the suburbs into the country, and the low, golden hills of the

Rand can be seen in the western outline of the African sky. Germiston, the great smelting city, with its tall chimneys belching out

the blackest smoke, is passed.

all around it reminds us We are nearing Johannesburg, and of Mercur on a gigantic scale. Gold mines everywhere. Ore

A GOLD MINE, JOHANNESBURG dumps with their white, glittering sands piled up like miniature mountains. Mills and their accessories for taking out and refining

the yellow metal, are scattered over forty miles of country.

You take your choice and stop off at either Jeppe or Park stations. Johannesburg is the largest city in United South

Africa and, for short, is always called "Joberg."This city has

experienced one of the world's famous booms. There have been

splendid openings in The Transvaal for business propositions, but things are quiet in the golden city at the present time. The

municipal.census of Johannesburg was taken in 1910, and the figures show that the total population of whites, natives, colonials

and Asiatics number 220,304, of which the proportions are about whites, 111,857; natives, 95,522; colonial, or mixed, 7,749; and

Asiatics, 5,176. It is interesting to know that of the whites,

63,761 are males and 48,096 females, and there are only 4,000 native females to 91,522 males, a circumstance that is accounted

IN SUNNY AFRICA 553

for by the fact that most of the latter are working in the mines within the municipal area, upon which women are not allowed.

Johannesburg has an elevation of 5,735 feet. The city is situated on bleak; open downs, and for African climate is very cold

during the winter months, July and August, when snow occasionally falls, and many a morning you are used to finding the corrugated iron roofs whitened by Jack Frost. Nearly all the labor,

both in the mines and on the railways, is performed by the natives.

. 1 The Chinese predominated for

a period, but the Celestials created so much feeling among the Dutch, Zulus and Kaffir tribes that General Botha peremptorily ordered them out of The Transvaal, arid now John Chinaman and his queue is only a memory of the strenuous times of the past. first shipment ofC. Byron Kaffir and Group of Whitney COOlieS.. to S. The11.back Children, Africa U. />iChina was

made over five years ago, and the next question was how to obtain the cheapest labor. Gold

mining in the Transvaal is a lowgrade proposition, and it must be carried on at low wages. Out of the sixtyfive or seventy

mines on the Rand more than onethird do not yield over $7.50

worth of gold to the ton, and in some the yield is even less. The

quantity of ore is practically inexhaustible, and the output is limited almost entirely to the amount of labor at hand. There is

plenty of labor in South Africa if it were always available.

There are five millions in the British possessions south of the equator, and there are perhaps one million more in Portuguese

East Africa over the way. Of these, however, a large number

are comprised of old men, and women and children. The men

employed in the mines range in age from 16 to 40, and it is estimated that there are only something like 390.000 available employees in the whole population. As a rule the natives will not

work longer than six months at one time, so this reduces the constant supply down to a possible 200.000 which, if it could be

relied upon, is far less than the wants of the country. Before the

BritishBoer war there were over one hundred thousand natives employed in the gold mines. This number dropped to almost

nothing during that struggle; and the high wages then paid by

the armies and others so discouraged the industry that when the war closed, and the mines again began to work, the labor supply was almost down to zero.

They work in compounds, or walled enclosures, entered only 554 IMPROVEMENT ERA

through turnstiles, so that every man that comes or goes leaves a record. Each black has only a number and that is taken from

him when he enters the compound. He is paid by his number

and gets his bath, food and supplies in the same way. The men

sleep in bunks or rooms about forty feet square and eighteen feet high with a sheet iron roof overhead. Such a room is supposed

to accommodate fifty of the mine workers. The daily life of one

of these sons of Africa is worthy of note. Pie is called at four

o'clock in the morning, at sound of the bugle, and takes his place in a squad of about twentyfive, which is in charge of a boss boy who leads them into a dining room for breakfast. He eats under

JOUBERT S PARK, JOHANNESBURG

the glare of the electric lights, sitting at a table. At the close of

the meal a bugle again sounds, and the men march out, squad by squad. The roll is then called. Each responds to his number,

and it is ascertained just how many natives are ready for the shift, and a satisfactory reason must be given for, those who may be absent from sickness or other causes. Then the bugle blows

again and the natives, giggling like children, move off to the shaft and go down underground. Each takes along a half loaf

of bread and a bottle of tea or coffee for luncheon, at noon. A

small percentage of them become experts with the hammer and drill, and are singled out for a raise of wages. Then another difficulty arises with the expert, for when he gets a few months'

IN SUNNY AFRICA 555

wages ahead, like as not he will go back to the Kaffir location, buy a wife, and that is the last of him.

The native labor is arranged for by contractors who sometimes receive over $5 per head, according to supply and demand.

The natives would fare better if they would decide on farming and raising cattle for an occupation, as land is cheap and available with a good market for their products.

Doubledecked electric cars are always convenient for you to see the sights of Johannesburg. We visit Joubert Park which is

a beautiful resting place, 'mid shade and flowers, also the museum and business district which is wellsprinkled with live Yankees.

We next take a trip to Turfontein and Fordsburg, and the suburban towns. But we are booked for Cape Town, Cape of

Good Hope; let us hasten on our way. We bid the Golden City

of The Transvaal goodby as we steam southward past huge mills, hills of white glittering sand, and factories,

Dutch Farmer Taking a Load of Cauliflower to. Market

Elder W. C. Jefferies writes from Barnsley, Engalnd, recently

"We are obtaining new friends constantly, and have many excellent opportunities of explaining the plan of salvation. The people are very

distant, but we have succeeded in gaining the respect and confidence of a few '9 if of them. We do not feel discouraged on w

account of the small numbers, for it was declared that they should be gathered one of a city and two of a family. The

Lord is blessing the elders in their work. Elders, left to right: Milton

L. Ollerton, Parowan; H. C. Williams, Greenville, Monroe Van Wagoner, Midway, Utah."

SERMONETS

When his satanic majesty hasn't anything else to do, he teaches a woman to smoke cigarettes.

Cater to the brute in you, and you will keep calling out more brute; cater to the divine, and you will kill the brute.

There are some characters who carry their wealth with them, who are rich without money. They do not need palatial

homes or a large bank account. They do not need to buy

admission to society,—everybody loves them. They are welcome everywhere because they have that which money can

not buy—a genial, helpful, sunny, cheerful disposition.

Of course, everybody wants them, because it is a joy to be with them. Everybody loves the sunshine and hates the

shadows and the gloom.

There is no bank account that can balance a sweet, gracious personality; no material wealth can match a sunny heart,

an ability to radiate helpfulness and sweetness.

But such graces and charms never live with selfishness or selfseeking. It is the people who have something to give,

not who are trying to get something, that are wanted everywhere. Youth's Companion.

The Best Incentive is the Love of the Work.—"Real

literature has never been paid for. It has never asked

the gold nor the plaudits of the multitude. Job and Hamlet and Faust and Lear were never written to fill the

pages of a Sunday newspaper. John Milton and John Bunyan

were not publishers'hacks.

*****"No man wasthat hiredlivingto organismsfind out thatfill thetheworldfadingwasleaf,round,or that valleys are worn down by water, or that the stars are suns. No man was ever paid to burn at the stake

or die on the cross that other men might be free to live.

The same, strong, heroic souls of all ages were the men who in the naturalorder of things, have lived above all considerations of pay or glory. They have not served

as slaves taking reward, but as gods who would take no reward. Men could not reward Shakespeare or Darwin,

or Newton, or Helmholtz for their services any more than we could pay the Lord for the use of his sunshine."David

Starr Jordan.

IN LIGHTER MOOD

Some people are so delicate that they can't change their minds without taking cold.

This is said to be the latest song hit in Atchison: "No

Matter How Hungry a Horse Becomes, It Can Not Eat a

Bit."Kansas City Journal.

A longwinded college professor found this hint lying on his desk one morning: "A speech is like a wheel—the longer

the spoke the greater the tire."

A Changed Man.—"Are you the same man who ate my

mince pie last week?"

"No, mum. I'll never be th'same man again!"Nezv

York Mail.

A Puzzling Situation.—It is authoritatively reported by

specialists of malnutrition that there was once a man who was so thin that he couldn't tell whether he had a backache or stomachache.

"What kind o'man is MacPherson?"

"Weel, I was in his hoose ae day, an'he was poorin'me oot a drram, an'I said stop, an'he stoppit—that's the kind o'

mon is MacPherson V—-Legends of Knockdrummlc.

A Superfluous Effect.—"Do I make myself plain?"shouted the womansuffrage speaker, as she paused to let her arguments sink in.

"The Lord did that for you long ago,"said a "mere man"in the rear of the hall. The Circle.

'them, Si, when they First Farmer.—What did you tell

askt you in the city whether your milk was properly pasall our cows are fedteurized?Silas.—Told them, "Why, certainly;

in a pasture."Judge.

A phone message, it is reported, came from the West

Side to a Salt Lake policeman to come down to a certain number and look after the disposition of a dog. The officer

went, and, of course, found the animal dead. He investigated

the case, returned and reported that the dog doubtless had a bad disposition, but fortunately he was now dead.

—"I

IBiT

Chapter IX—Around the Bend

When the Rojer outfit crossed Castle Hill for the fall roundup, Alec and Bowse were Ben's full team: the force with which

he expected to do a generous quarter of the work. The dog and

horse formed a combination of affability and service which Ben and his father could not be blamed for regarding as a cash asset.

They did regard it as such, not only because the bay colt dovetailed into the outfit like a thing made to order, but because these years on the range had taught Bowse to be all help and no hindrance.

The four places in the force were filled in the usual way: two

by Ben and his father, one by Jud, and the other one gorged to nausea by Josh Widder. Widder was -no smaller in body nor

larger in soul than on all the previous trips to Pagahrit. He

boasted sociably when everything catered to his bilious whims, and he sulked and pouted and swore when they didn't. He descended like a vulture on the beef and slickum, and always carried a decaying cargo of food in his congested ventricle. He

waddled around the corral, and wallowed around the fire, and grunted, and puffed, worse than any "fat paunch"Shakespeare ever knew.

To young Rojer and his dog, if to no one else, Widder seemed a more and more intolerable bag of offense every day.

From his highheeled boots to his bullet head where germs of mischief were incubated, a hundred hateful things inspired Ben with a "mouthfilling oath,"and his dog with a menacing growl.

Ben's unspoken oath became a hard thing indeed to hold, when he and his father rode over a sandhill and found their offensive colaborer smearing his brand on a yearling bull to which

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 559

he had no right whatever. "I thot I'd brand this one to maself,"

he growled, as they rode up, and young Rojer bit hard on the venomous word in his teeth. His father looked from the reeking

brand to Widder's thicknosed face. "Do you expect to keep my

confidence and carry on this sort of thing?"he asked.

"You've got more confidence in me than I have in you,"snarled the fat man.

Fred Rojer moved his lips to speak again, but, closing them firmly, signaled Ben to follow him away.

Verily "no creature smarts so little as a fool,"for as the welldisciplined father left the thief to his plunder, that impregnable bullethead swelled with all the exultation of honorable victory.

Ben looked back at the gloating smile, and felt the hot blood boil in his very fingertips. He fairly ached to turn himself and his

horse and his dog, like three furies, loose on the grinning bloat, but Fred Rojer's authority, a right secured by fatherly love, could not be ignored.

For all that, Ben expressed his views on the subject—views

to be modified only by kind words and persuasive measures. "I

don't think we ought to endure it,"he insisted. "He thinks we're afraid to stand up for our rights, and I'd just like a chance—

"But look here, son,"interrupted his father. "It wouldn't do.

I know he steals calves here every year, and I know he robs our panniers every trip. I've known it all along. He's robbed us of

enough to pay all our debts, if we had it, but this is the first time

I've caught him in the act, and now it's only a maverick. We

agreed to divide the mavericks between the three of us. He's

broken his agreement, of course, but I can't use the law for anything but to make a big stink, and we have too much stink.already.

tell you, son,We can't protect ourselves by lawful measures, and I we can't afford to resort to unlawful measures, when matters are no worse than they are. I've seen men in this fix before, and

whenever they became a law to themselves, they came to grief sooner or later. No, son, we can't afford it. Do you remember

what I told you at Peavine?"

His father's persuasive words, and the calm influence of the cave, when he went there to think it over, did much to restore

Ben to his usual state of passive disgust, and doubtless would have drawn all this new canker from his mind if nothing else had happened.

Widder's churlish soul knew neither the kind words of a father, nor the soothing influence of a gracious Intangible. He

hated to think he had been caught; he hated himself for what he

had said, and especially because he hadn't the manhood to offer any kind of apology. In camp he was glum and sour as an old

saddleblanket, and on the hills he rode apart just too far to hear or be heard. He sulked while they rode Little Mountain and

560 IMPROVEMENT ERA

West Bench, and showed no symptoms of improvement when they started for Lake Gulch. Ben didn't know, but he imagined

this sulking had driven Jud almost to the limit of his widesmiled patience.

Lake Gulch used to be a jungle throughout most of its length between the lake and the Colorado river, a distance of ten or twelve miles. It was always infested with a breed of cows that

pretended to be wild, though they ran only till they could hide in the willows, and there they stopped, quiet as mice, nor moved a peg till a dog or man crawled into their retreat and gave them a kick or a bite. Since a man had to be afoot, if he followed

them, clearing the gulch without a clog was a trying and difficult business.

These are the reasons why, as a matter of course, young

Rojer went on with Bowse to the river, instead of riding the sidecanyons. But how the fat man came to accompany him is not

exactly clear, for that same fatbrained man made it a point never tO'go farther than his own selfish ends demanded. However, he

went with Ben, and no one wondered at it till afterwards.

Few words ever passed between these two, and now, as they rode tandem along the dim trail among the gnarled blackwillows, neither spoke nor cared how far he rode from the other. The old

wagtail made it his business to come every so often to young

Rojer's stirrup, and look his everconstant love and trust into his master's face. As to that master, he much prefered the dog, and

the dog's face and sentiments, to the great coarse nature churning along on Pancho just ahead. In fact, he wished Josh had

decided to take one of his customary naps in the shade up the gulch, and had left himself and Bowse and Alex alone to the task of clearing the canyon.

The mouth of Lake Gulch is an imposing sight, and always, even to the accustomed eye, it brings men from the saddle, and holds them in wrapt awe and admiration: the massive cliffs towering straight to the sky, the broad Colorado reaching from wall

to wall, the voice of the water, the echo, the mystery of this deep is lost in gazingchasm cut in the solid rock—the human mind

upon them.

Technically speaking, Josh Widder's was a human mind, but it is highly probable he lowered his ponderous self from the saddle with feelings quite different to those that brought the l;oy to

the ground. However that may be, the two stood on the/bank,

their horses behind them, the great pussy man and the slender boy; and between them the dog, with one ear cocked up ha. studious contemplation of the boiling current four feet below.; -.The

bank rose perpendicular, with no chance of footing at the -faterline, the stream shot rapidly by, and three rods below, it surged against the smooth cliff.

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 561

Young Rojer would have believed any evil report of the thicknosed cowpuncher by his side, though he was too charitable and unsuspecting to foresee the trick in time to avoid it. The

—heslightestharkedsuspicionwith thewouldearshaveof hissavedsoulhim.to theHegreathad Intangibleno suspicionin

the mighty tone of this ancient stream, nor dreamed of lurking danger till a cry from Bowse brought him back from his reverie, in time to see the old dog go over the bank at the toe of Widder's boot.

Believing, even as he did that Widder's corpulent form contained not one good intention, the boy could not at once recognize this as malice aforethought; he took it only as a rough joke,

and looked for the struggling creature to find his way out; for

he had not taken account of the bank and the stream and the cliff, all of which had been traced by the black eyes of the other.

Bowse went steadily down, despite his heroic effort, and young Rojer whirled to his saddle and reached for his lasso. Alas

it had been tied to some bars up the gulch. Then he called frantically for Widder's rope, but that malletheaded gentleman had

raised himself to the saddle, and started to jog back up the trail.

He did deign, however, to grin over his shoulder, "Let the son of a learn to swim."

Ben snatched the bridle from Alec's head, and flew down along the bank, hoping to have Bowse catch the reins in his teeth.

It was but a gleam of hope, which nothing but desperation would reach after, like a drowning man for a straw, and the brave old dog reached with all his 'might for the two little strapends waving just above him on the water. Young Ro'er h:ld the top of

the headstall and watched with breathl,cs onlseless anxiety, but when the strong current swept his old friend roughly against the cliff, he dropped on the bank and cried with all the grief and rage that boiled within him. On and on he saw the black head going,

and just before it turned the bend in the river below, he heard a mournful howl echo among the cliffs.

is, Ben knew of no bar below where the dog might land—that

no bar to which he might descend, or from which the old wagtail might climb up. That river glided away into unknown narrows and rapids, all of them enclosed by dizzy walls. The first

human dwellings on the banks below were far in the distant wilds of Arizona, and the long and lonely bends intervening would see

Bowse drown in the stream or starve miserably to death on a sandbar.

Not at all relieved by his bitter expressions of wrath, Ben took a last look at the place where the old dog disappeared, and turned back up along the bank. Alec had gone, of course, and hot

with the quick pulse of anger, young Rojer started up through the jungle afoot. He kept close watch on the bay colt's track, and

562 IMPROVEMENTERA

saw where Josh turned out to let him pass. In less than half a

mile from the river, a bunch of cows lay hidden in the willows.

The thicknose had done away with the dog, and now he evidently intended the boy to do the dog's work, while he rode comfortably along the trail, driving the boy's horse.

Ben waxed poisonous with rage. He wallowed through the

tangled masses of jasmine; he slipped down the bank, waded the

creek, climbed the bank again on the other side, only to strike another bend and cross back the same way; and over and back

he went again till he was full of thorns and scratches, and soaked to the knees. Often, when he heard cattle hiding in the tangle

of underbrush across the canyon, he would whistle for Bowse before he thought, and his sorrow and indignation would foam up afresh. He wished he had a gun; but Josh kept safely ahead

out of sight with the two horses.

A quarter of a mile below the place appointed for meeting his father, he found Alec tied to a tree, and Widder waiting in the shade on one side, ready to appear behind the herd the same as if he had helped to bring it. Young Rojer felt like shooting

away the whole ventral hemisphere of that fat hulk, grinning from old Pancho; but he was weak and faint. Moreover, he had

firmly resolved to do nothing before consulting his father, for he felt sure he would now be given full license to retaliate. He

climbed wearily into the saddle, and placed his blistered feet in the stirrups without a word. The thickest of the jungle lay behind the two as they started silently after the bunch.

Fred Rojer saw in a minute that something had gone wrong, and as soon as he found himself with Ben alone, he asked what it was. Ben told it all over, getting more angry as he recalled

each exasperating feature of the affair. He saw the fire of indignation blaze in his father's kind eyes, yet it burned as a flame secured by a firebox from scorching the reason out of any word,

nor did it leap beyond its bounds when young Rojer ended his speech by saying: "There are times when patience ain't a virtue

at all, an'this is one of them times. I think we ought to run 'im

out of camp with a shotgun."

"Well, he is thoroughly contemptible,"agreed the father, "but that's no reason we should do anything rash. If he were a

man of any honor or intelligence, we might reason with him. We

is dwarfed. As to driving him away, Ican't do that—his mind

feel like it; but that won't do. You know that in this new country I've worked hard for peace, and I've never come to blows with

white man or Indian. After preaching goodwill so long in

meeting, I couldn't afford to spoil it all now on the spur of the moment.""Then let me drive 'im away. You'll think more of me, and

I'll think more of myself, if I just hold 'im up and make 'im hit

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 563

the trail for Clay Hill. We'd be doingright to clear the atmosphere of such an element."Ben had made sure that this prize

offense would not be winked at, and he clung to the hope of revenge. "It wouldn't do, son,"affirmed Fred Rojer, kindly, yet firmly, "the only argument to move him is a club, or a knife, or a gun, and we can't afford to deal in that sort of thing at all. No—we

must show our wisdom. The Lord allows us to meet conditions

of this kind, for the express purpose of seeing whether we have wisdom. I've been tied up with that man for seven or eight years,

and at first I thought I'd be compelled to give up my peace policy and carry a gun, but I've come this far without doing anything rash, and I'd hate now to spoil that record. I'd hate just as bad

to see you spoil it, for I've hoped and expected that you'd love me and my ways well enough to adopt them, and be a factor for peace in this country after I pass on. Josh has habits that I

might have, if he hadn't shown me how contemptible they are, and I've learned more patience from him than any one person.

When I think of how much worth those lessons are to me, and how Josh is going down all the time, I think I ought to pity him and not push him lower. You'll see the time when he hasn't a

friend, his stolen property will slip out of his hands like a fish."

"Look at that,"and young Rojer held out his scratched and bleeding hands, and his watersoaked boot, from which the overalls had been torn away, while the moisture of new anger rose up in his eyes, "and my feet are blistered from heel to toe. Isn't

that, on top of all the rest, worth any notice at all?"he half

pleaded and half demanded.

"Son, that's worth all reasonable notice,"replied Fred Rojer, the parental sympathy beaming in his face, "your sore hands and feet and aching muscles pain me as they pain you. Don't be

angry, son. Because you've acted a man so far and given me

cause to be proud, is no reason that I should consent for you to take an opposite course and make me ashamed. What you want

to do, is what Josh or any weakling would want to do, and would do. It is easy, and would be no credit to you, and do no good

to anyone. The thing I want you to do is more difficult, and

more in keeping with the high order of manhood I want you to reach. Since you were a little helpless babe, I have loved you as

part of my own self, and hoped you would grow up to be a man real man."a thing—a—not

"Well, Pa, what is a man?"young Rojer enquired, somewhat

more mildly. "Won't a man fight when he's had insult and injury

straight along a hundred times?"And then, getting a brilliant

idea which he felt must surely win the case, "Wasn't it a man that said, 'I repeat it, sir, we must fight?'If he wasn't a real man,

then where do we find 'em?"

564 [MPR OV EM ENT E R A

"Now, son,"and Fred Rojer took full account of Ben's belief that the matter was settled, "you've asked a question, and

I'm afraid you're not in a fit humor to hear the answer."

They came to a full stop at the mouth of a fork, up which

Jud's track followed some cows. Josh nursed his poison thoughts

off ahead or behind, and probably drew comfort from his mental picture of a brokenhearted dog howling in desperation on some desolate bar of sand.

"Well, I want to hear it, anyway,"pursued Ben, with confidence and fear in his voice.

The father leaned on his saddlehorn and stared at the tracks in the sand. "Who said, 'My kingdom is not of this world, else

would my servants fight?''He straightened up and made sure

that Ben recognized the quotation. "I've macl a close study of

manhood, and I'm holding up for you the very highest type. So

far you have been with me, meeting the very opposite influence, and so far you've followed me, and made my choice your choice.

But now you want to turn squarely around and choose the very course Josh would choose. You hate him, and you love me. He's

trying by the power of hate, to get you to do wrong; and I'm

trying by the power of love to get you to do right. Now, if your

hatred for him is stronger than your love for me, you'll forsake my way of peace and follow his way of misery. By doing that,

he has more inyou admit that he has stepped between us—that

fluence with you than I have, that he is the one to frame your desires, and your feelings and your life. In my love I offer what

I know to be good. In his hatred he offers the vile things of his

vile nature. Now, which are you going to take?"

Those kind eyes looked straight at Ben, and from somewhere behind them a great, warm, fatherly soul seemed t> say, "Oh.

my son! my son!"It was not a sound that struck the ear, yet

Ben heard it, and soul spoke to soul. For from those parted,

silent lips, and wideopen, boyish eyes, there went out a firm and g-lad response. The father grasped it all in thankful silence, and

Jud was but a rod away.

As they drove on up the gulch, young Rojer looked again and again at the slightly stooped shoulders of his father. He

noticed a trace of gray in the beard and on the temoles. He saw

the calloused hands and the fingers stiffened with honest toil.

Bigger than all else, he saw the soul that prayed for him and loved him. He recalled the many gross indignities borne by that

man with good grace, and the high place he held in the confidence and esteem of good men. "But who loves Josh?"he reflected. "I'm mighty sure I don't. Everybody but Pa hates him,

and if I'm really to the place of choosing between the two of 'em,

I'll take Pa a hundred times over and let Josh rot."

The branding and suppertime passed, and young Rojer

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 565

crawled into bed fully believing that a calamity overhungtheir thicknosed colaborer. He had small idea, however, of how or

when that punishment would come, or what it would be. Pushing

the old wagtail over the bank was, to Ben's impulsive fifteen years, the climax to a long list of offenses. lie did not appreciate the

worth of the stolen calves, for the need of which his father had lain awake many times under that same tree.

At a late hour Ben sat up in bed to nfake sure that the comfortable snores came from the most bloated bed in camp, and sank back on his sleepless pillow. If he dozed, he saw a lost dog

crying on a sandbar, and heard a mournful wail echo up the great walls of the Colorado.

Four days after riding Lake Gulch, the roundup drove out over the rocks and sand, packs, horses, cowbells, a hundred and fifty head of steers, and started across the desert stretch for Castle Wash, about seven o'clock in the morning.

Widder still sulked. He loomed sullenly up behind the herd

like a dangerous abcess on the outfit, while the pronounced alteration in Jud's widemouthed smile declared emphatically that these sulks were growing stale and nauseating to him.

The day was a hard one. The steers, being so near their accustomed haunts, seemed determined to scatter in every direction,

making it necessary for each horseman to ride at a lively gait over the hot sand and rock all day long. The dinner ceremony consisted only of pulling a sack of bread and "jerky"(jerked beef)

from one of the packs, and leaving each man to appease his gnawing hunger while he rode on the "lope"around the restless herd.

The salt "jerky"aggravated an already raging thirst, and the canteen ran dry, with Greenwater ten miles away. The steers

to travel straight back to thewanted to travel—they wanted

Pagahrit, and they moved desperately slow and reluctantly in the opposite direction.

When the blessed cool of evening spread over the scorched sandhills, the nearest water was still six miles ahead. To drive

those steers on in the darkness, would be risking a big: drop in

their number, to say nothing of the profound weariness it would entail on men and horses already dead tired and burning with thirst. Nightherding would call for more nervepower and horseflesh than the outfit could afford, for what with the thirst of the

weaker cattle, and the vinegar of the stronger ones, and the intolerable homesickness of the whole bawling bunch, they could keep four men on the keen jump all night.

So it was decided to shove them into a little boxcanyon off over the hills to the right, and guard the mouth of that canyon till morning. At the very entrance to this natural corral, the

whoH herd mutinied. They wouldn't move a peg.

Then Tosh was attacked with one of those brilliant ideas 566 IMPROVEMENT ERA

common to his plethoric mind. He said, "Turn 'em loose up the

wash an'hunt 'em tomorrow."

Everybody knew that would be a sure way of scattering the steersfrom Castle Hill to the Idols before morning,"but Widder insisted and spluttered and swore in his whining, thicknosed wav.

till the other three went on the "lope"to collect the herd, and shove it into the canyon. Then the fat man decided that his own

ponderous self, along* with the herd, would form an overwhelming majority, and he joined the mutiny. He stopped old Pancho

in such a position as to frighten the cattle from the mouth of the can von, and there he leaned his "fat paunch"on the saddlehorn and watched the others work. "We can't git 'em in no way,"h-3

growled, "an'I ain't goin'to waste no horseflesh on no such fool enterprise."

Tt was not enough that he should pilfer the camp and plunder the range, but he must have his own sweet, thicknosed will all the day long, or sulk and curse till he got it. And he fully

expected to get it, and to wag the outfit like a dog wags its tail, for he had done it many times before.

Some thick knot rose up in Jud's heavy jaw, and the crowfeet by his eyes seemed somehow to bristle with talons, but after one fierce look, he "loped"back around the herd, and tried to head them for the gulch. When some of the leaders would have gone,

but for Pancho, he of the buckskin shirt rode into the bunch, and by the strength of his horse and the heavy end of his lariat, put ten head beyond the narrow entrance. All ten came promptly

back, however, as soon as he had turned away.

"I told ye ye. couldn't do nothin',"Josh gloated, his face full

of satisfaction at Jud's failure. "Ye'll be compelled to take my

advice an'turn 'em loose."

At that particular second the buckskin fringe was passing six feet from Pancho's nose, and all at once it waved anew as by an electric shock. Jud yanked his brandingiron from under his right

fender, and descended on the fat hulk like a hawk on a sparrow.

He planted three ringing biffs on the northeast corner of Widder's dodging countenance, and a halfdozen resounding thumps on the cross of his suspenders. When the fat man's spurs struck

Pancho, the fringe and brandingiron followed close up. The

wide hat flew off and out of the mixup, leaving Widder's bald head exposed to the barkpeeling licks.

At this juncture Ben guarded the bunch alone, for Fred

Rojer became alarmed for the safety of the few bilious brains under the iron, and "loped"away to plead their cause before the buckskin shirt. He rounded them up before they got out of

Ben's hearing, and effected a temporary stay of hostilities.

"I'll tell ye, Mr. Rojer,"puffed Jud, with heavyjawed firmVOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 567

ness, "if he'll go back to the herd and behave like a man, it'll be all right. If 'e won't, I'll scatter 'im all over this sand

Widder's mallet head was somewhat more susceptible than usual to impressions. He knew Jud "was there with the goods"

he felt it keenly; and when the buckskin fringe began to bristle

again, and turned from Fred Rojer to his own smarting, bleeding self and demanded: "Are ye goin'to get busy?""Yes,"sniveled the fat man, and peace alighted again on the Pagahrit

roundup.

In spite of young Rojer's love for his father, and his father's ways of peace, he couldn't quite suppress a feeling of genuine satisfaction when he saw the blue lumps and bloody cuts on Widder's globelike head, and he rejoiced all the more when he saw what a wholesome effect they had on the thicknosed disposition.

The herd was crowded into and held in the boxcanyon, the horses driven to Greenwater, and a canteen of water brought back, and the homeward drive became a howling success.

(to be continued)

Elder Ernest A. Hoare, secretary Australian mission, Sydney,

Australia, December 16: "The New South Wales annual conference

convened December 15, 1912, in which a large II number of elders participated. During the year

1912, the following work was done as per statistics rendered: The elders spent 2,256 hours in

tracting; visited 22,794

families; spent 1,975

hours in gospel conversations; distributed 62,1 14

tracts, 39 Church works, and 751 other books.

They held 342 meetings, baptized 15 and blessed 10 children. This work was done by

seven elders. Following the regular sessions of the conference a

Priesthood meeting was held at which President Charles H. Hyde

gave some very pertinent instructions, urging the elders to labor arduously to bring wanderers into the fold."President and Mrs. Hyde

are the second and third from the left in the front row, the others being the seven elders referred to.

The Hawaiian Mission Headquarters

BY J. BRYAN BARTON

Every tourist and traveler who visits the Hawaiian Islands usually devotes the greater part of his sightseeing to the city of

I lonolulu and to the volcanoes, both active and extinct, which are to be found in various places upon the islands. As a result,

readers frequently find vivid descriptions of the surpassing beauty of Honolulu and of the wonders of the active volcano Kilauea, upon the island of Hawaii; which descriptions, for the most

Photo by II. W. Waymsnt.

A FIELD OF SUGAR CANE IN BLOSSOM

part, truthfully portray the beauty and grandeur of these noted places. But the placs of the greatest interest, perhaps, to Latter-day Saints, and the place about which little is written, is

Laie, the Hawaiian missionheadquarters. Laie is of unusual interest because of the uncommon nature of the work being done

there by our missionaries.

Laie. then the Dougherty ranch, was chosen as a fit gatheringplace for the Saints, in 1864, by Joseph F. Smith. W. W. Cluft

and Alma L. Smith, who reported to President Brigham Young.

He sent Francis A. Hammond, George Nebeker, Alfred Randall

and Phillip Pugsley to investigate. They purchased the ranch for

$30.C00, on time. For a number of years it was conducted as

-* J. lIh 4ma**j&2!sit

SPS SjjSjBjgsi sb

Photo by II. W. Wayment.

LOADING CANE AFTER IT HAS BEEN BURNED AND CUT

private property, but came into possession of the Church, in about 1877.

The narration of the various steps taken, and of the numerous difficulties overcome, from the time of the selection of the site until the Church had obtained complete possession of the land and had begun the foundation of a village and the operation of a sugar cane plantation, would make a long and, perhaps', uninteresting account. Suffice it to say, that about 6,000 acres of land

were purchased, extending for two and onehalf miles along the coast, and inland about four miles, to the tops of a range of mountains running almost parallel to the coast line. It is situated on

the northeast coast of the island of Oahu, and about thirtyfive miles, by stage, almost directly north of Honolulu.

With full possession of this land, the Church began to invite

III minim mmWMWWmm&M m m, tit <Jkm aRM*>ii—

Photo by IT. W. Wayment.

LA IE SCHOOLHOUSE 570 IMPROVEMENT ERA

its converts, upon the various islands of the group, to remove to Laie. Everything possible was done to make Laie a most desirable place in which to live, and improvements are still being

made; so that these, together with its natural favorable location

and agreeable climate, make Laie an ideal gathering place for our Saints.

Each newcomer who expects to remain permanently in Laie is given a building spot, ranging in size from a few square rods to limited only by the desire to keepan acre or two—apparently

clean and orderly a large or a small yard around the home. The

title to the land is retained by the Church. Each resident is encouraged to build and own his home, so that he acts merely as a

Photo by H. W. Wayment.

AN OLDFASHIONED GRASS HUT IN HAWAII steward of the land, keeping it free from rubbish and beautifying it with grass, flowers, trees and shrubbery of various tropical kinds.

The village has been provided with a water system, the supply for which comes from a twelveinch artesian well, driven over three hundred feet into the ground. For the use of the land and

the convenience of water piped to the house, each householder is charged the yearly rental of twentyfive cents—scarcely enough

to pav the interest on the money invested.

The remainder of the arable land outside the residence portion is used mainly for the cultivation of sugar cane and taro.

The taro roots, when cooked and pounded into a sort of a paste.

is called "poi,"which is the Hawaiian staff of life; in fact poi and

fish form the chief diet of these people.

THE HAWAIIAN MISSION 571

The higher upland parts of the plantation are used for the growing of pineapples, and for the grazing of the plantation's six hundred head of cattle.

In connection with the plantation, the Church has opened a general merchandise store for the accommodation of the inhabitants of the village, and for the additional purpose of controlling the merchandising carried on in the village; so that no liquor is

sold unless done so secretly and against the law.

The Church also maintains a district school, under the direction of the mission president; supported wholly by Church funds,

taught entirely by experienced teachers called from Zion for that work. The present enrollment is over one hundred.

The further advantage of living in a Latterday Saint environment, under the leadership of the president of the mission and his associates, was an inducement to the Saints to make their homes in Laie. About eighty families of Saints, in addition to

many non-"Mormon"Japanese, Chinese, Korean and Portuguese laborers and gardeners, have availed themselves of the opportunity to live in such a community, and have made their homes here.

The work of the missionaries consists in directing the temporal as well as the spiritual affairs of these people. All of them

are being taught to be sober, industrious and economical; at d

those who will listen are being taught the principles of the gospel, in the English and the

Hawaiian language.

The people are surrounded with a wholesome environment, free from some of the temptations and vices that exist in many other places here in Hawaii, and elsewhere in the world. As a result, many

Hawaiian Saints rival the Photo by h. w. Wayment.

Saints of Zion in integrity of home of One of the Saints in l.me

character and sincerity toward the work of God, which augurs well for the advancement of the gospel in this land. At the present time, about twentytwo per

cent of all the inhabitants of Hawaiian blood on the islands, are members of the Church—a total of approximately eight thousand

five hundred.

Elder Samuel E. Woolley, of Grantsville, Utah, who has

spent twentyfive years of his life as a missionary among the

Hawaiian people, is president of the mission. Elder W. J. Cole,

of Nephi, Utah, who has with him his wife and family is assistant manager of the plantation and president of the Laie conference. The following are assisting with the work in their various

?71 IMPROVEMENT ERA

positions as indicated: Adelbert Bigler, St. George, Utah, mission clerk; II. \Y. Wavment, Ogden, plantation timekeeper; Wilford II. Shurtliff, Ogden, principal of the school, with Sisters

Josephine M. [verson, of Salem, Utah, and Kate P. McAllister,

ni Salt Lake, at teachers; Thos. B. Farr, storekeeper, and Sister

Thos. B. Farr, of Ogden; and the wr't:r, whose work is in the

store and postoffice.

1.AIK, OAHU, II. T.

Little Problems of Married Life.

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN

XIX—Talking Business Matters at Home

There is a theory held by many that a man should not "talk shop"at home, that when he puts his latchkey into his house door he should leave business with all its cares, fears, worries and trials on the outside as the Orientals take off their sandals before entering a dwelling. It is a goldbrick of advice that will not stand the

acid test of wisdom and experience. It sounds unselfish, sacrificing, considerate, heroic and magnanimous, but it is a dangerous

halftruth. The husband has no right to bring home his irritation,

his impatience, and his restless anger and vent them on his wife and family, but cutting off his whole business life from discussion is both. unjust—to

One half, at least, of the waking hours of most men is devoted to business. When a man builds a solid wall of silence

around this half of his living, and puts up a warning sign "No

Admittance,"so high that his wife cannot peer over, so unbroken that she cannot peek through nor learn anything of what is going on, it kills confidence, weakens comradeship and unwisely strains love.

Women do not always realize that genuine interest in a man's business is often the shortest road to his heart. His ambitions,

his efforts, his hopes, his fears, his longings, his dreams and his ideals that centre in his busines mean much to him. He cannot

always ring down the curtain after the dav's performance is over and put it all away for the night as children do their toys. He

wants, sometimes, when the pressure is a little harder than usual, to talk it all over, to get sympathy, reinforcement in moments of doubt, a kind helping hand through a perilous place, fresh, unpre-

*Copyright, 1910. by Fleming H. Revell Company.

LITTLE PROBLEMS OP MARRIED LIFE 573

judiced eyes to see a problem, new courage in despondency, new hope when too tired to find it alone.

When business matters are not talked over at home it is often the fault of the wife. In the courtship days it may have

been her interest in his dreams of success and his struggles to win it, her sweet, ready sympathy that first made him really care for her before he was really conscious of the depths of his feeling.

They talked over his little trials, his discouragements, his ambitions; she knew all the clerks in the office by name; it was to her

he first told some compliment, some word of special appreciation that some work of his had received. It was her counsel and sympathy made smoother and easier to bear a little unreasonable

jealousy; the promise of an increase in salary he confided to her

with a boyish eagerness and delight, for it brought their union nearer and seemed to make the future more serene and certain.

But after marriage the threads of this confidence may somehow slip silently and unnoted through her fingers and she may sometime suddenly awaken to the realization of the change and be unable to say when it began. He may speak little of business

and when he does speak it is only to tell of some important change that she must know. Even then he gives only the bald final fact

with little or no detail. It is like a newspaper heading, telling the

essentials in the fewest possible words. She wants detail, all the

minutiae of conditions, the whole story.

She may long to share in all his sorrows, griefs, fears, worries. She may feel that she is a rank outsider, beyond the pale of

his confidence, when she overhears his cozy chat over business matters with some man friend; she is conscious of a sense of inadequacy as though she were not necessary to him in some way, and

that there is one room in his life where she does not enter. She

feels a broken link in comradeship and may blame him in her heart.

Confidence is a elelicate plant and it is so easy to blight it.

Sometimes a wife listens to a talk on business in a halfbored, halflistening, unsympathetic manner that gives confidence a cold chill. Sometimes when he tells her of some big deal he hopes to

put through, her first thought is not of its success for his sake, but a sealskin coat, and she thoughtlessly asks him will he get one for her if it comes out right. The husband thinks sadly:

"It is the rakeoff that interests her—not me."

Sometimes she pounces down on a mistake of judgment, an unwise move, j'ust to show how sharp and shrewd she is in business, and it makes him feel mean and humiliated. He needs a

poultice of sympathy; she gives him a blister of condemnation.

She may sneak in an irritating tone of finality, as to the wisdom or folly of some course, that would be arrogant assumption of omniscience even from the Supreme Court. She may on one oc-

574 IMPROVEMENT ERA

casion have scored a bull's-eye with some chance shot of advice and think she is infallible. Sometimes in her love and interest she

may be overanxious, take thing's overscriously and his little incidental reference to a matter of no real consequence her imagination may conjure into a Waterloo and keep her awake nights.

Sometimes she demands confidence as a right and, of course, fails.

; it expandsYou cannot open confidence as you do an oyster

gently from within in response to a genial, stimulating influence from without, as a bud becomes a rose.

Sometimes the husband refrains from talking because he foolishly underestimates the wife's ability to understand. At one

time he would have been willing to spend a week explaining the inscriptions on an obelisk or even some more puzzling subject, like the tariff, had she expressed the slightest wish to understand it.

Sometimes he does not let her know that he is navigating through dangerous waters because he "does not want to worry her."This

either case it is unwise.may be a reason or an excuse—in

This attitude is not just nor complimentary to the woman nor to the wife, neither to her sex nor to her as an individual. It

is the wax doll theory of wifehood, keeping her in the pink cotton of ignorance, far away from any warmth of trouble. If she

be well in body and mind, let her worry a bit if it seem necessary.

It will not really hurt her; as a real wife and comrade it is what

she wants. Better the worry of knowledge than the worry of

ignorance.

When he comes home, night after night, preoccupied, wearied and anxious and to her repeated question, "What is the matter, dear?"gives the same old answer, "Nothing at all; not a thing,"

then she does worry. Her imagination runs every note of several

octaves of speculation and possibility. Then may come that instinctive fear that sometimes clutches a wife's heart, that comes

first because she fears it most: "He no longer loves me."With

this thought, innocent, disassociated facts, words, acts, things said or unsaid, done or undone, through that strange ingenuity of circumstantial evidence dovetail to make suspicion seem absolute truth.

If he had told her the whole story frankly, freely, fully, and then said: "We are going through trying times at the office, dear

business is dull, money is tight and collections slow. I don't want

to deny you a single thing necessary for your comfort or your pleasure, you know that, but if you cut down expenses wherever you can, just for a little, everything you don't really need, let's

I need you now more than ever, just stand trimthrough—together.sail and keep to shore and we'll pull through, dear, we'll pull

close to me and let me feel you trust me every minute and that you understand and just forgive and forget if I am a bit cross or

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 575

feel almost happy.—sheimpatient,wouldfor it is not really me, you know, but the worry, dear"

There would be the weight of an anxiety that steadies a character and unifies a soul. It is not that vague phantom of worry

that paralyzes energy. She has a new object in living; she is

going to help him through, he needs her; she loves him more

because they seem nearer and dearer: she will save so carefully and

find a joy in it. She will fall bravely into line and almost forget

the restrictions of their life in the glow and tingle of the pleasure of the comradeship. She wishes she had known it sooner, for she

might have spared him so much impatience, bitterness, and worry—had she known.

Talking business matters at home does not mean that the husband should save up all the nagging details of everyday business and retail them to her at night, like a child showing a pinscratch and gently squeezing it a little to widen it and redden it a bit to make it look more awful and to win more sympathy, but the real big things that puzzle him, that worry, that mean much, that interest interests him vitally should interdeeply—whatever

est her.

Business is not all sorrow, struggle, strain. There is the keen

zest of competition, the red blood of enterprise and accomplishment, joyspots of pleasant interviews and special successes. There

are incidents of quaint people, the humor of funny customers, interesting news of new inventions, improvements, changes, tendencies, movements and trends. These are worthy of the telling,

and may be of value as information or warning.

Wives should know of the temptations and trials and tests of business life. Many a man has been encouraged to stand bravely

by the right by a wife who heartened him in his ideals, who counted principles higher than mere money and who would not consent to some getrich-quick scheme that might get under the wire of the law but would not square with sterling honesty and the higher ethics of truth and justice.

The wife, whether she be sympathetic, helpful, and genuinely interested or not, should know, at least, the amount of the husband's income and whether the business is prospering; how

shouldmuch more she is told rests with him and—herself. She

know this in order to gauge her expenditure and to direct properly their living.

The world often condemns a wife as being extravagant at a time when her husband is passing through a period of business stress and storm. She who should be the first to know of this

may be the last; she may believe that her husband's income and

position not only justifies but practically demand her living on a certain scale. It may be the husband who really sets the pace and

she merely follows. She may be not only willing but anxious to

576 IMPROVEMENT ERA

live the simple life, and would gladly lower the key of their spending if she realized it would help him.

A wife may believe herself provided for in the event of the death of her husband, but when this sad hour comes, may find his insurance policies had lapsed, his business is mortgaged, his creditors are practically in possession and she is penniless. Had

business matters been talked over at home the wreck might have least the sudden shock ofbeen obviated or its evil lessened—at

revelation could not take her unawares.

A wife may find at her husband's death that he has left her ample money, but not the knowledge of how to keep it, how to invest it, how to guard it. His silence for years on business matters has left her innocent and ignorant as a child. She may be

easy prey to the dazzling schemes of unscrupulous promoters with great land enterprises, claims of inventions that will revolutionize an industry, Golconda mines that are earthy mints of millions, marvelous rubber plantation properties that will pay tremendous dividends, or some other painless method of becoming Monte

Christos without risk. The money that means the consecrated

devotion and love of years may all trickle away in the sands of knavery because of her ignorance of business.

Some poorer sister, left destitute of money as well as of business knowledge, bravely facing the world alone in a hard fight for daily bread, may run perilously close to the rock of disaster, and be subject unnecessarily to cruel snares and entanglements, insidious dangers and pitfalls. She walks unprotected in the

weakness of her ignorance, along a way where she should have been armored with wisdom had the husband who loved her been wise as he was loving.

Talking business matters at home inspires confidence, strengthens comradeship and intensifies love. It helps to hold

monotony at bay; it is a bond that may keep two from growing

apart mentally and perhaps even from drifting apart emotionally;

it helps both in pulling together through a crisis and it means truer, deener union and unity on one of the great questions of married life.

["The EbbTide of Love"is the title of the next chapter in this series.]

We all belong to each other, but friendship is the especial accord of one life with a kindred life. We tremble at the threshold of any

new friendship; with awe and wonder and fear, lest it should not be

real, or, believing that it is, lest we should prove unworthy of this solemn and holy contact of life with life, of soul with soul. We cannot live unworthy lives in the constant presence of noble beings to

whom we belong, and who believe that we are at least endeavoring after nobleness.—Ralph li'cldo Emcrscn.

The Gospel to the Lamanites

BY REV L. PRATT, PRESIDENT OF THE MEXICAN MISSION

til—The Lamanites After the Cpming of the Europeans.

Awful as had been the curse, and great as had been the sufferings of the Lamanites up till the time that the Nephites were destroyed by them, and during the time that intervened between then and the coming of the Europeans, or Gentiles, to their land, it seems that in the providences of the Lord they had not suffered enough to pay for the evils that they had committed, and to humble them before the Lord, and make them turn from their evil ways unto him. But, according to prophecy contained in the

Book of Mormon, great sufferings and trials and the wrath of a just God offended, were still in store for them, and that, too, at the hands of the Gentiles, who were to come among them.

Father Lehi, early after they had left Jerusalem, saw in vision that such would be the case, if his descendants should ever forget the Lord and cease to keep his commandments. In the first

chapter of Second Nephi he speaks as follows

"Wherefore, I, Lehi, have obtained a promise, that inasmuch as those whom the Lord shall bring out of the land of Jerusalem shall keep his commandments, they shall prosper upon the face of this land; and they shall be kept from all other nations, that they may

possess this land unto themselves. And if it so be that they keep his

commandments, they shall be blessed upon the face of this land, and there shall be none to molest them, nor to take away the land of their inheritance; and they shall dwell safely forever.

"But behold, when the time cometh that they shall dwindle in unbelief, after they have received so great blessings from the hand of the Lord; having a knowledge of the creation of the earth, and all

men, knowing the great and marvelous works of the Lord from the c - eaticn of the world; having power given them to do all things by

faith; having all the commandments from the beginning, and having

been brought by his infinite goodness into this precious land of promise; behold, I say, if the day shall come that they will reject the Holy

1, the true Messiah, their Redeemer and their God, beheldOne cf Tsnie the judgments of him that is just shall rest upon them;

"Yea, he will bring other nations unto them, and he will give unto them rower, and he will taks away from them [the inhabitants of this land] the lands of their possessions; and he will cause them to be

scattered and smitten."

578 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mormon, in his fifth chapter, speaking of the people of this land, says "And behold, the Lord hath reserved their blessings, which they might have received in the land, for the Gentiles who shall possess the land. "But behold, it shall come to pass that they shall be driven and scattered by the Gentiles, * * *

Christ, in speaking to the Nephites, in III Nephi 20, says:

"And after that ye were blessed, then nulfilleth the Father the covenant which he made with Abraham, saying, in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed, unto the pouring out of the Holy

Ghost through me upon the Gentiles, which blessing upon the Gentiles shall make them mighty above all, unto the scattering of my people, house of Israel;

"And they shall be a scourge unto the people of this land.

To see how literally and terribly these prophecies have been fulfiled, one has but to read the history of the Lamanites since the coming of the Gentiles among them.

Nephi, in a vision that is recorded in the 13th chapter of 1 Nephi, saw the following:

"And it came to pass that I looked and beheld many waters; and

they divided the Gentiles from the seed of my brethren.

"And it came to pass that the angel said unto me, Behold the wrath of God is upon the seed of thy brethren.

"And I looked, and I beheld a man among the Gentiles who was separated from the seed of my brethren by the many waters; and I

beheld the Spirit of God, that it came down and wrought upon the man; and he went forth upon the many waters, even unto the seed of

my brethren, who were in the promised land.

"And it came to pass that I beheld the Spirit of God, that it wrought upon other Gentiles; and they went forth out of captivity,

upon the many waters.

"And it came to pass that I beheld many multitudes of the Gentiles upon the land of promise; and I beheld the wrath of God, that it

was upon the seed of my brethren; and they were scattered before

the Gentiles, and were smitten."

Book of Mormon history of the Lamanites shows very plainly that the Lamanites fulfiled every condition stipulated by the Lord, as a result of which they were to receive the sore curse they have labored under for so many years; and it shows how literally the

Lord has caused to come upon them all that he said that he would.

But for a recounting of the fulfilment of the prophecies just quoted, we have to look to history written since the sealing up of the Book of Mormon by the Angel Moroni, and the hiding of it up

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 579

in the hill Cumorah, to come forth in the due time of the Lord.

But scarcely does the history of Columbus and his wonderful discovery of America, recount any plainer those events than does the wonderful vision of Nephi, quoted above. And oh! how well

do the volumes of history among us testify that those ancient prophets were inspired in what they wrote concerning the way that the people of this land were to be scattered and smitten and trodden down and counted as nought by the multitudes of Gentiles that were to come unto this land. Well does history show

the truthfulness of the prophecy uttered so long ago: "And they

[the Gentiles] shall be a scourge unto the people of this land."

The history of the Indian, or Lamanite, since the coming of the Gentiles among them, is the saddest it has ever been my lot to study. Until a person has lived for years among them, and has

read and studied their history, not only from the written versions, but in their traditions, in their countenances, and in their very lives, and has learned to feel, through contact with them, in a measure as they feel, he can not appreciate what I say when I say that the history of the Indian is the saddest history written. One

author said: "If my pen might have the gift of tears, I would

write a book and call it The Indian, and I would make the whole world weep."But the pen of mortal man is too feeble to paint, in

all its vividness and sadness, the true history of the Indian. Man,

in writing history, can only set down plain facts; he cannot set

down the feelings of those who have suffered; he may attempt a

description of them, but oh, how far short he will fall of the genuine, as experienced in the breasts of those who suffer.

My readers are as well acquainted, perhaps, with the history of the Indians within the confines of the United States, commonly called the North American Indians, as I am, so T will not attemnt to describe all that they have gone through in the course of their being reduced from their position as the veritable lords of the land, to the narrow confines of the government reservations, upon which they are held, virtually speaking, prisoners, today. I only

ask you to review this history in your own minds, and see if you can see, from an Indian's point of view, anything but sorrow and sadness in it.

It is my desire, in this article, to bring to the attention of my readers some of the sufferings and sadness endured by the Indians (and that, too, in fulfilment of prophecy) throughout the LatinAmerican republic, south of the Rio Grande.

IV—History of the Aztecs

Let us review briefly the history of the Aztecs, that mighty people found by the Spanish conquerors in the country now known as Mexico. When Cortes and his adventurous followers

580 IMPROVEMENT ERA

landed upon the sandswept and barren shores of Vera Cruz, he landed within the confines of an empire that had a population of thirty millions of people. Today, three hundred and ninety years

later, the astounding fact confronts us that, of that thirty millions of people, there only remain, of the unmixed native race, between six and seven millions, and within the confines of modern

Mexico there are only fifteen millions, countingthe pure blood natives, the Indian and Spanish mixture, and all of the foreign inhabitants of the country. This represents a reduction of fifty per

cent of the population of the country, if we compare the present total population with that at the coming of the Spaniards, and a reduction of seventyfive per cent of the pure blood native population.

What has become of this people? In the answer to this question lies part of the sadness of which I have spoken.

Had the native races known with whom they had to deal,

Cortes and his followers might have been crushed upon landing upon the barren shores of Vera Cruz, and never have lived to reach the heart of that great country and cause the suffering and ruin that they did. But Providence had willed it otherwise. The

coming of the Savior among the people of this land, and the establishment by him of a reign of peace and prosperity among them, which was no other than the two hundred years that the gospel endured among them, as established by the Savior himself, left a deeprooted and vivid tradition among them that prepared the way. for their overthrow and ntter subjugation at the hands of

this handful of Spanish adventurers. Ouetzalcoatl, which was

the name that tradition had given to the personage who was perhaps none other than the Christ himself, who had visited them, promised, before he sailed away on the eastern sea, that some day he would return to them, and through all the years of dark gloom and suffering that intervened between the time that he made this promise and the coming of the Spaniards, this tradition and the hope of its fulfilment were handed down from father to son and cherished among them; and so it is not surprising that, in the

landing of these fair strangers upon their shores, they thought they beheld the fulfilment of their longcherished dream. But

alas, how different was the reality

For cruelty to those conquered, the conquest of the native races of America by the Spaniards is perhaps without parallel.

To insure the nondesertion of his followers, Co'tes burned in the harbor of Vera Cruz, the ships that had brought him to his land of conquest, and then started on his bloody march to the capital of the Aztecs. Space will not permit of a detailed following of him in his march to the capital. It is sufficient to say that

the resistance he met with, on the part of most of the natives, was only halfhearted owing to the half fear, half hope, that was in 581 THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES

their hearts, that he was their Fair God returned to them, to restore to them again that reign of peace and happiness that they had so long prayed and hoped for. To the few tribes that offered

resistance, Cortes administered severe lessons, and he afterwards generally succeeded in making allies of them, and thus increasing his army as he marched on towards the capital. The Tlaxcalans

were the most formidable tribe that he encountered, and they offered a really heroic resistance, but, as they were the hereditary and hated enemies of the Aztecs, once won over, they became his most powerful, efficient allies. It is said that when he reached the

capital, he had six thousand of these warriors with him. Montezuma, the emperor of all the Aztecs, although by nature a brave

and courageous prince, was so wrought upon by the tradition he held in common with his people, and by the accounts of the great power and cruelty exhibited by these fair strangers against all who dared to oppose them, that, lest he be found fighting against the decrees of the gods, he offered no resistance to the Spaniards, but allowed them a free entrance to his capital, where, after some weeks of hospitable treatment at the hands of Montezuma and his people, they treacherously seized him and hld him poner in one of his own palaces. All the indignities possible were heaped upon

him, and his nobles. He was made to give up much of his royal

treasure, and the Spaniards, in their thirst for gold, which was their dominant characteristic, even profaned the temples of the

*Aztecs, in their eager search. This was mors than tv

people could stand; and, with their minds now cleared of the illusion that the Spaniards were the fair gods of their dreams, they

now made a relentless war upon them. Cortes and his followers

were forced to fly from the city, and on that eventful night that they did so, it is indeed marvelous that they were not annihilated.

But Providence willed it otherwise; and, once upon the mainland,

they rallied their forces, and then ensued a series of the bloodiest strifes for conquest ever waged. Montezuma did not long survive a wound he received from his own angered people, when trying to dissuade them from hostilities against the Spaniards. He

was succeeded on the throne by his brother Cuitlahua, who succeeded in driving the Spaniards from the city and country round about. His reign, though glorious, was only for a brief four

months, when he died of smallpox. He, in turn, was succeeded

on the throne by a nephew of the two former monarchs by the name of Cuatemoc or Cuatemotzin. He is the monarch that is

pointed to, even to this day, by the real natives of the land, with pride as the most valiant of the Aztec rulers. Had he ruled, instead of his uncle Montezuma, when Cortes came to the land, the

history made by that gentleman very likely would have been a very different one. 'Taking over the affairs of the empire at the time

he did, it was not possible for him to long stem the tide that was 582 IMPROVEMENT ERA

already working the ruin of his country. But his vigorous campaign against the Spaniards was by far the most severe that those

audacious adventurers had to encounter. After the siege and capture of the capital of the Aztecs by the Spaniards, in which thousands of its inhabitants were slain (it is recorded in history that,

as a vengeance wrought out upon the Mexicans for holding out so long, forty thousand men, women and children were slaughtered by the Spaniards after the city had fallen into their hands);

Cuatemoc was captured by the Spaniards. He was tortured by

them in the most cruel manner to make him tell where he had hidden the treasure of the city, before it was surrendered. Bound,

and with his feet soaked in oil, he was held with his feet over a slow fire as a means to make him divulge his secret. He was

afterwards taken to Honduras, by Cortes, and there, on a trumped up charge, foully murdered at his captor's orders.

The fall of the Aztec capital into the hands of the Spaniards practically ended the conquest, but an indescribable condition of the most abject subjugation was to follow for the conquered.

VI—Condition Today One of Slavery.

The conquering Spaniards not only considered that the country now belonged to the crown of Spain, but that all the inhabitants were rightfully its slaves. In recompense for the part these

adventurers took in the conquest of this great country, they were given great grants of land, and, in every instance, were awarded great numbers of the natives as slaves with whom to work their lands. In some cases men were given whole fertile valleys and as

many as twenty or thirty thousand vassals or slaves. Thus we see

how the people were smitten by the Gentiles, and were brought down into a condition of serfdom and slavery, the effects of which stretch like a pall over their few remaining descendants even to this day. Stripped and peeled of the land that had been theirs

and their forefathers'for centuries, thev have never been able to regain any of it, practically speaking, for today, almost as much as in the day that the original grants were made in favor of the

Spanish conquerors, the land remains in the possession of them and their descendants; and today, almost as much as then, the

natives are their slaves. True, the name has changed, but the

condition is about the same; for the condition can be compared

with little else than slavery where men have to work for so small a wage as twelve cents a day, and, out of that wage, support themselves and those dependent upon them, being forced to buy, all they do buy, out of the company store, and that, at prices where things are sold at from one to five hundred per cent more than their value. As a natural consequence they overdraw their wages

and contract debts which they can never hope to pay; and, in deTHE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 583

fault of payment, their labor and their lives, and those of their children, if they have any, must stand between them and the man they owe, who, therefore, virtually owns them.

Conditions even worse than these, up till very recently, at least, have prevailed on some of the tropical plantations in southern Mexico, where men, on account of the rigors of the climate, are loath to work of their own free will. A system of slavery

and traffic in human beings has been carried on, right in the face of the whole world, and in this civilized and enlightened age, that was far worse than any of the conditions of slavery that existed in the south of the United States. Unscrupulous labor contractors plied their trade right in the heart of the great cities, and in

every place. Men and women were enticed into signing contracts

that they could not read nor understand, and in so doing virtually sold themselves into lifelong slavery, because, in connection with signing the contract, they were induced to receive a small amount of money, and the contract stipulated that as long as this amount was not repaid the signer must stay in the employ of the contractor, or anyone to whom he might sell his contract; and the law

upheld the contractor in his claim! The contractors were sure to

see to it that the poor, deceived one was never given a chance to pay back the amount. Thus he continued to entrap unsuspecting

ones until he had enough gathered together to make a car load.

And, to hold the first ones until he had secured the number that he wanted, they were held prisoners, not even being allowed the freedom of the streets. When his number was complete he would

charter a car and put his human cattle aboard and never let them set foot on the ground again until they were unloaded on the plantation, or near it, of some plantation holder who had contracted for a certain number of laborers from the contractor, and then paid him an agreed price per head for them. The contractor

would then return to ply his trade in human souls once more.

Once on the plantation these poor unfortunates are starved and beat and made to work in the tropical sun so hard and so long that few of them survive more than one or two years. When asked

why thev do not take better care of their men, the plantation holders say it is cheaper to work them for all they are worth while they are strong, and buy more when these are dead. The horrors of

what they pass through cannot be described in a short article like the present one.

Perhaps some of my readers will think that the picture presented is overdrawn, but, having seen and heard, I know whereof

I speak. VII—A Recent Example

I will only recount one particular incident that came under is the subject of it, andmy observation. The young man who

584 IMPROVEMENT ERA

also his family, arc members of the Church. Their home is in a

little Indian village about fifty miles from the City of Mexico. In

order that he might help his parents in the support of a large family, the young man went to the city where he was in hopes that he could earn better wages than he was able to do in his native town.

While looking for work, he was accosted by one of the labor contractors described, and. on being offered what seer./ d P h 'i

good work, and at a very fair wage ( for the contractor always off -red more wages verbally than was stipulated in the contract ), he was enticed into signing the contract, and, unsuspecting, followed the contractor to a place where he said he was to meet some more men who were going to work on the same job. And meet

them he did, but only to find that they had been for some time, what he was now, a prisoner, not to escape from his present place of confinement until the contractor had secured the number of laborers that he had contracted to some plantation holder way off down in the state of Oaxaca, and then not to escape, but only to be transferred from his prison in the city to the plantation of his future master. The. young man had promised to write to his parents, from the city, telling of his fortunes there, and they, on not

receiving any word from him, for he was not permitted to even write to his friends after he was once imprisoned, felt that some evil had befallen their son, and set out to the city to find him. But

their search was all in vain, for no trace of him could they find, nor did they ever hear of him again for three long years. The oung

man was carried to the tropics and landed on a plantation in the way that I have already described. What he passed through during the three long years that he stayed there, only he, and other

unfortunates like himself who have passed through the same ordeal, can ever tell. Being young and strong, he did not succumb so readily to work and hardship as many of his unfortunate companions did; but even his rugged constitution could not

stand forever the strain put upon it, and, one morning, racked with fever, he told the foreman, who, on horseback, was driving his "1men out to work as he would a herd of ox?n. t'lat h wa s'ck an

could go no further.. The only answer he received was an oath

and a blow from the heavy whip carried by the foreman. He

staggered on until nature refused to go further, and he laid down by the road. The infuriated foreman tried to arouse him and goad

him on, but to no avail; his tired and diseaseridden body was

now at a stage where the curses and blows of the brutal overseer could not arouse him to further action. The overseer, enraged

at his inability to arouse him, brutally kicked him over the edge and down the steep bank of a ravine, on the bank of which he was lying. To this, perhaos, he owes his life, for he fll -ear th? wat< -

and in the shade of the jungle, and the overseer, to whom such sights were common, never gave him another thought, supposing

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 585

him dead. But, after a long sleep of unconsciousness in the shade

of the jungle, he revived and regained consciousness. Realizing

what had befallen him, he preferred to face the jungle, with all its perils, to going back to the plantation where worse than death awaited him. After wandering aimlessly about for some time

he was found by some friendly natives, and by them nursed back to life. Once restored, he made his way back to his family and

friends in his own native village. He is still alive, and 1 have

heard him tell his storv often, but he has lrvcr been the same in body or in mind that he was before he experienced slavery in a Mexican jungle. He says that, of the unfortunate party that

were taken to the plantation at the same time he was, only three or four were alive at the time he made his escape.

VIII—The Underlying Cause of Revolutions.

People from the outside, and who are not acquainted with conditions as they exist in Mexico, and in most of the LatinAmerican republics, wonder why there are so many revolutions among them, and so much war and strife. But to those on the inside and who are acquainted with the terrible conditions as they

do really exist, the wonder is why the poor, oppressed Indians do not rise up en masse and rid the country of their cruel oppressor or die in the attempt. The present revolution in Mexico, as all

others like it have had, has as its basic cause the worldold desire for freedom, the desire of the oppressed to throw off the yoke of the oppressor.

MEXICO CITY, MEXICO

["Hope for the Lamanites, who are not to be utterly destroyed,"is the topic of the next chapter.]

Elders laboring in Chemnitz, Germany: Front row

Louis L. Driggs, Driggs, Idaho;

William H. Smart, conference

president, Vernal, Utah; Chauncey L. White, branch president,

Salt Lake City. Back row

Frank Murri, St. Anthony, Idaho; J. William Christensen,

Mount Pleasant; Georgius Y.

Cannon, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Schoolmaster and his Pupils

BY PATRIARCH JOSEPH E. TAYLOR

[Joseph Edward Taylor, for sixty years a resident of Salt Lake

City, a prominent churchman, and a well known citizen of the State of Utah, died on the morning of February 18, 1913, at his home in

Salt Lake City. He was the son of George Edward Grove Taylor

and Ann Wicks, and was born December 11, 1830, at Horsham, Sussex,

England. He spent his boyhood and early youth with his parents at

Tetbury, Gloucestershire, the birthplace of his mother. When he was

fifteen years of age, the family moved to Hull, in Yorkshire, where he first heard the gospel, and where he was baptized on the 11th of

August, 1848. On October 4 he was ordained a Priest, and called

to do missionary work in Lincolnshire. He labored as an elder in the

mission field until January, 1851, when with five hundred other Saints he left England for Salt Lake City, crossing the ocean in the sailing vessel Ellen. During hismission he baptized nearly two hundred

persons, and assisted in the baptism of many others. He traveled

thousands of miles on foot, and preached hundreds of sermons and exhortations, and held many meetings and religious discussions. After

arriving in St. Louis, he was prostrated by sickness, which detained

him in Missouri until the following year. He arrived in Salt Lake

City on the 6th of September, 1852. He was ordained a Seventy on

February 17, 1853, and a High Priest, September 12, 1855, at which time he was set apart to act as counselor in the bishopric of the

Eleventh ward, serving in this capacity under Bishops John Lytle and

Alexander McRae. He was called on a mission to the Josephites and

set apart by President Brigham Young, December 22, 1875. His

field of labor was in Nebraska, Iowa and Illinois, and his companion was Claudius V. Spencer. He returned home again April 4, 1876.

During this brief mission, these two elders baptized thirtysix persons, twentyfour of whom came to the Rocky Mountains. They organized

three branches, blessed eight children and married one couple.

At the April conference, 1876, he was appointed second counselor to President Angus M. Cannon who was at that time called to preside

over the Salt Lake Stake which then extended over the counties of

Salt Lake, Davis, Tooele, Morgan, Wasatch and Summit. On the

death of David O. Calder, in 1884, Elder Taylor became first counselor

to President Cannon, which position he held until April, 1904, when the Salt Lake Stake was divided into four stakes. He was prominent

in business during the whole sixty years of his life in Salt Lake City, following the occupations of ranching, farming, furniture making, and

JOSEPH EDWARD TAYLOR Born at Horsham, England, December 11, 1830; baptized August 11,

1848; came to Utah, September 6, 1852; was for 28 years a member

of the Presidency of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion; and died, February 18, 1913.

588 IMPROVEMENT ERA

finally undertaking; Approximately twenty five thousand citizens of

Salt Lake City were buried by him. lie was a representative in the

second state legislature, also a member of the Board of Trustees of (he Latterday Saints University. On April 2, 1904, he was ordained a

patriarch, and since that date has recorded three hundred and four blessings. He is the father of twentyone children, of whom eighteen

survive him. He has seventy grandchildren and thirteen greatgrand-

children now living. Elder Taylor was a man of strong determination

and pronounced character, faithful in every walk of life. Fulfilment

of duty was his first prominent thought. His understanding of the

philosophy and spirit of "Mormonism"was thorough and profound.

As a writer and public speaker, he was forceful and effective, and he contributed frequently to the Improvement Era, and to other Church publications. His funeral was private, his reason for asking that,

being that his "life had been filled with blessings which more than repaid him for his services, and he therefore deserved no praise in addition."He was buried on the 21st of February and memorial

services were held in his honor at the Tabernacle on Sunday, February 23, when President Charles W. Penrose and President Joseph

F. Smith were the speakers, both of whom paid eloquent tributes to

his memory and gave comforting, doctrinal sermons on death and the resurrection.

The article, "The Schoolmaster and his Pupils,"was without doubt one of the very last that Patriarch Taylor presented to the press, and it contains, without naming it, reference to his own early and happy school days in England, prior to his joining the Church.

He was the young elder who visited the retired and beloved teacher.—

The Editors.]

About seventytwo years ago, a boy ten years old was rereceived as a student in what was called the "National School,"in an unpretentious town in the south of England. He was the

youngest that had been admitted up to that date.

gentleThis school had for its instructor—schoolmaster—a

man who was forty years of age; whose character was quite

unique in many particulars. He had received in his youth a

somewhat liberal education to which was added a valuable training by a talented and loving mother. At the age of eighteen, he

became deeply smitten with a seafaring fever. But his underlying ambition was to become an experienced navigator. His

parents eventuallv yielded to his intense desire. Although amply

able to have purchased for their son an officers'position on board a manof-war vessel, or some large commercial ship, they being of the very practical class, and feeling that a thorough training could only be reached by commencing at the bottom of the ladder, their consent was given only on the condition that he take the a vessel before the mast—uponplace of a common sailor,—a man

THE SCHOOLMASTER AND HIS PUPILS 589

that made periodical trips to several points in the Pacific, including some ports in Asia. It was further stipulated that no advancement should be allowed him short of a period of two years''

service, and then only upon actual efficiency and merit.

This youth gladly accepted of the lowly position, with the conditions accompanyingit, and embarked at once upon a full rigged, threemasted vessel, bound for Sydney, New South Wales, her first stopping place. Eighteen months from his first embarking, his efficiency was recognized to the extent that upon the death

of the second mate, in midocean, the captain selected him to fill the vacancy.

Four years subsequent to the commencement of his life at sea, he was elevated to the position of first mate of a still larger vessel. At the end of eight years, we find him in command of a

large merchant vessel doing business in the various ports of India.

Having gained a valuable nautical experience, by careful study, observation and otherwise, in both the temperate and torrid zones, he yielded to a longing for acquaintance with regions adjacent to the North Pole. He succeeded in fitting out a vessel of which he

took command. The first objective point was Baffin Bay, west of

Greenland, then but little known.

After cruising some four years in the inhospitable North, with an experience of disasters, successes, and losses, he started homeward, touching on the way at St. Johns, Newfoundland. It

was at this port that he took on board, as passenger, a titled did not reveal his identity at that time, but whogentleman—who

figured largely in our hero's future.

Encountering a severe gale the third day out from St. Johns,

this distinguished passenger was swept overboard. The captain

having witnessed the accident, at once plunged into the surging flood, and after many heroic efforts finally succeeded in reaching his vessel and safely landed on board the nearly lifeless victim. Before arriving at the home port these two had become familiar with

each other's history and, as a very natural result, each one became possessed of a genuine interest for the other. Upon arriving

at the home port, our hero, although not having succeeded financially according to his expectations, still, not doubting his ability to recuperate his losses, was both hopeful and cheerful. This

was, however, turned into a genuine sorrow, for before crossing the threshold of the home of his birth, he learned of his father's late death, which was attributed to the grief he felt over the loss of all property, by becoming surety for a friend. This was speedily

followed by the demise of his loving mother.

Having neither brother nor sister to comfort him, nor any blood relative to welcome his return, he became despondent, resolved to bid adieu to a life upon the ocean, to settle down in some quiet 590 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nook, and employ himself in some way that would distract his attention from loneliness and grief.

It was now that his rescued and titled friend assumed the role of a benefactor. But he was met with an utter refusal of all offers

of any distinguished position. After much considering and many

consultations, a decision was reached that our former sailor and commander should take up a school in the vicinity of my lord's manorhouse, whose lands numbered several hundred acres and was adjacent to the place of our hero's birth.

This school was selfsupporting, and no charge for admittance was made. The lord of the manor, wishing to demonstrate his

loyalty, and also to be relieved from all personal supervision, placed it subject to the control of the directors of the National

School law, hence its name "National School."It was here that

the noble qualities of our former mariner shone out most brilliantly: for, instead of instituting a government similar to that of the

school master of that period, he became to every scholar, in the full sense of the word, a father in very deed. When our tenyear

old boy entered the school his number was 142.

Schools of that day were not graded as are those of today, in the United States. This school was divided into seven classes,

no class numbering less than twenty. No paid assistants were

engaged. The most efficient students of each class were chosen

to instruct the class for a period of one week, but under the guiding eye, and subject to the direction, of the schoolmaster who seemed to comprehend every need, and who was prepared to supply such need in person. This was often done by him. In

fact, as far as it was possible for mortal to be, he was omnipresent.

Each Friday afternoon, at three o'clock, the master took entire charge of the geography class, conducting it in his own peculiar way. Every student in the school was required to be present upon

each of these occasions. All studies were laid aside until the Monday following. After the lesson had been fully considered, and

answers given to the questions propounded, the teacher became a lecturer. Besides pointing out on the map the particular spots

named in the lesson, and furnishing correct geographical data in relation thereto, from his personal knowledge of the same, he would branch off into a description of the peoples of these localities, their traditions, habits, and customs, as well as their modes of religious worship, etc., all of which he had carefully observed

and noted when among them. This was intensely interesting,

as we then lacked much of the vast fund of information now furnished by the press and scattered broadcast. Our schoolmaster had in this way, as well as in his fatherly treatment of

every scholar, won not only their esteem but their affection and love. This, coupled with his frequent visits to the home of his

pupils, where he was always received with open arms, gave him

THE SCHOOLMASTER AND HIS PUPILS 591

a prestige which, if at all equalled by any teacher, is nevertheless of rare occurrence.

Physical chastisement, even for trifling offenses, was the prevailing custom in English schools of that period, but the record of this school, for five years, furnishes only one case of bodily castigation which was administered in the presence of the whole school, who were invited to be witnesses. This was preceded by

an earnest appeal to the culprit to make a satisfactory acknowledgment and to ask forgiveness which, although ackowledging his guilt, he refused to do. None of the students who witnessed the

chastisement, had they been asked, but would have justified the same. Such conduct merited a dismissal, but this was not even

entertained. The offender in a few days afterwards sought to

make a full reparation for his wrong, and later became the schoolmaster's devoted friend.

As an athlete our hero was an exception along many lines and, thanks to the devoted mother's training, outside of the common school studies, he was somewhat versed in art and music in which he gave lessons without stint. Havingf obtained the use

of some three acres of land, all enclosed within the school ground proper, this man, a visitor of many lands and climes, added a garden which for variety was perhaps not equalled outside of Her

Majesty's gardens. The plants and flowers of the torrid, temperate and frigid zones were here cultivated, and several large greenhouses contained the choice fruittrees and bushes of the tropics

as well as those of more temperate climes. The valuable lifeles-

sons which many of the boys learned in the schoolmaster's garden, and under his immediate instruction, outside of school hours, cannot be computed.

My lord had a socalled pond, which was really a lake of fresh water over a half mile in length, proportionately wide, within his domain; it was surrounded by tall trees affording ample

this the students,shade from the rays of the summer sun. To

under the guidance of their muchesteemed instructor, had free access in summer for picnicing, bathing, swimming, and diving,

Whenin all of which the master excelled and he willingly taught.

frozen over in winter, it was used for sliding and skating in which the master was equally adept, cutting as he often did with his skate, as if in copper plate, any name, figure or sentence.

Our former tenyear old boy, but now a youth of nearly twenty years, and withal an elder in the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, and a traveling missionary, after an absence oi five years from the neighborhood of the school before mentioned, being about to start for the land of Zion, visited this muchesteemed schoolmaster. The latter had now retired from his

scholastic labors in consequence of an affliction of the eyes which he claimed was due to the glaring sun upon the snow and ice in 592 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Arctic region, necessary caution having been neglected. He

received the young man with open arms, when learning his pursuit, although he himself was an Episcopalian, having been born and bred in that faith, and was possessed of views and feelings altogether different from the young man in his peculiar religious faith. This was made manifest in a voluntary offer of

the use of the town hall of which he was a trustee for the "Mormon"elder, in which to deliver a lecture. Besides this, he said

he would take pride in introducing his former pupil to the assembly which he was satisified would be a large one.

The result of this visit, which lasted less than two days, coupled with the efforts of others following, is evidenced in the many that have come from that locality to Zion and have proved their fidelity to the truth. It was afterwards learned there were three

persons in that vicinity who were members of the Church at that time, but they had kept themselves altogether in the background.

The object in writing this narrative, is to serve as an illustration of the joyous results of a close companionship of instructors and pupils. Such close companionship produces the exact opposite to that related in the old adage: "Familiarity breeds contempt."Close companionship is conducive not only to respect

and esteem, but to real affection and love. It suggests to the instructors of our schools that, outside of the school room you can

add strength to your efforts by visiting your students in their homes, making yourselves familiar with their tastes and ambitions; and, in short, acting as a loving father in living with his

children. A further suggestion: Let father and mother, if possible, be present during these visits which, you can assure

yourselves, will then be attended with the best results to all concerned.

It might not be out of place to suggest that, pursuing a similar course by the heads of the various auxiliary organizations in the Church as well as by the presidents in the quorums of the

Priesthood, will result not only favorably but beneficially to all concerned.

Friendship—The passing of years is like the coming of dawn

slow, silent, inevitable. The most eager cannot hasten the quiet, irresistible movement, and the most reluctant cannot forbid. Some

gifts the years bring which we would fain decline—age, sorrow, disappointment. Some treasures they take which we would keep forbeauty, innocence. But there are more precious treasever—youth,

ures which time cannot supply, and the years cannot remove,—friendship, patience, faith and love. Herbert L. IVillott.

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"

The Unfair Fairness of Rev. Spalding*

BY BISHOP OSBORN J. P. WIDTSOE S. B., A. M.

The Latterday Saints are by this attitude Df openness and candor. And

time undoubtedly well aware of the it is one of the most notable things in fact that the Rt. Rev. F. S. Spalding, the bishop's inquiry. The pamphlet is

bishop of Utah, has put forth a pamphdedicated thus:

let entitled, "Joseph Smith, Jr., as a

(his?) many Mormon friendsTranslator,"in which the bishop has "To my—who are as honest searchers after the

tried to prove that the Prophet Joseph truth as he hopes he is himself—this

Smith failed as a translator of ancient book n dedicated by languages, and, therefore, failed also "THE AUTHOR."

as a prophet of God. Many of the LatIt is not always that we are creditedterday Saints have had the privilege with being as honest searchers after

of reading the bishop's pamphlet, itself.

the tiuth as a bishop of the EpiscopalThose who have not read the pamphlet church.

have at least read the notices of it, and the replies made by thoughtful, In the body of the work, again, the scholarly men. And perhaps most bishop deals with his subject—apparof us think that the bishop has already ently—with the utmost candor and fairreceived a sufficient answer. What ness. He quotes Orson Pratt and B.

came to the younger men and women H. Roberts and pays them high tributes

of Zion as a shock, has passed harmfor their ability and for their fair play.

He admits that "it is inexcusable that lessly by. The source of strength has

been sapped—the bishop's battery is the book (of Mormon) has never had the serious examination which its imwrecked, the force of hi s cunningly

wrought argument is broken. Really, portance demands."He acknowledges

that in the controversies between the there remains little to be done except to clean away the wreckage of another Latterday Saints and their defamers unsuccessful attack upon the strong- "the Latterday Saints set an example of dignity and courtesy which their ophold of "Mormon"faith, and to proponents rarely followed."He asserts ceed triumphantly on our way. Yet,

while the case is really won, I beg that, since there was no scholar living in the early days of the Church who leave to present the following thoughts, could read Egyptian, the Saints did thethat it may be, perhaps,- the more seright thing to get the testimonies of curely clinched in the minds and hearts witnesses. "This was the logical methof the youth of Zion. od of procedure, because there was no

scholar living whose opinion would all THE BISHOP'S APPARENT FAIRhave been of real value, even had

NESS. the plates been submitted for his inBishop Spalding's present attack on spection."He affirms that, while the

"Mormonism"seems to differ from all questions he propounds are most critiother attacks in the frankness and the cal, "yet, if the thoughtful Latterday fairness of its approach. Those who Saints of today are like those of the

have replied to the bishop's pamphlet past, they will welcome them, because have all commented on this apparent they have always invited investiga-

* From the Deseret News, Feb. 15, 1913.

594 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lion."Anrl he is very careful to form ogist to reexamine his theories as to

the formation of sea, the land and and in the reader's mind the impression astronomer to adjust his the of laws thai now,.-it last, is there conducted an heavens to the wonderful three days'

Inquiry into (he claims of the Prophet darkness. The botanist and zoologist

Joseph Smith, with the utmost candor, would have to rewrite the account of the flora and fauna of America."frankness, and fairness.

What is to be said against the bishThe implication of this general stateop's method? Only this: His fairness ment is manifestly unfair. To one who

is but surface deep; the actual method knows the Book of Mormon but slightof his investigation and the real spirit ly, and to one who knows it not at

o fhis inquiry are as unfair as he would all, it would appear that there are, in have the reader believe them fair. The the Book of Mormon, descriptions of

difference, then, between Bishop Spaldconvulsions and cataclysms of nature ing's "inquiry"and other anti-"Morradically opposed to natural law, and mon"literature is only apparent. that the animals and plants of the

Can this be shown? Easily. And book are really foreign to American

when ft is shown, what then? Surely, soil. As a matter of fact, there is nothit destroys the argument so deftly ing in the Book of Mormon to compel

wrought in cunningness. Fairness, we any scientist to reexamine his theories,

are told, implies, negatively, the abor to adjust his laws, or to rewrite his sence of injustice or fraud; positively, science. True, we do not know the dethe putting of all things on an equitable tails of the natural phenomena defooting without undue advantage to scribed. We cannot tell in just what

any. If the bishop has violated this way the convulsions came about. But

definition of fairness, he has not been Central and South America have been fair in his inquiry, and his inquiry is centers of geological activity for ages.

unvalidated by so much. Let us conSuch things as are described in the

duct an inquiry into his inquiry. The Book of Mormon, can be accounted for

points to which I shall call your atin many natural ways. Moreover, phetention are not specially arranged, but nomena as wonderful as those of the

a,re treated in the order in which they Book of Mormon have happened almost appear in the bishop's pamphlet. within our own memories—but we

SCIENCE NEED NOT BE REVISED. have not found it necessary therefore

In the first chapter of ''Joseph Smith, to revise the sciences.

Jr., as a Translator,"Bishop Spalding In the scholarly treatise on "Physideclares that "if the Book of Mormon ography,"by Prof. Rollin D. Salisbury,

is true, it is, next to the Bible, the the following interesting description most important book in the world."occurs: "One of the most violent and

Then he points out that the Book of destructive volcanic explosions of which

Mormon would be of great value to there is historical record was that of students of the life and teachings of - 1883, in Krakatoa, a volcanic island in

Jesus; that it would shed a flood of the Strait of Sunda, between Sumatra

light upon the whole question of church and Java.

origins; and that it would be of great

value to the archaeologist—if it is true. "Previous to the great eruption, the

All this may be granted without furisland had been shaken by earthquakes and minor explosions for years. some

thether question. But, then, in the midst On morning of the 27th of August

of this fair statement of the case, octhere was a series of terrible explosions, curs the following surprising parathe sound of which was heard in southern Australia, 2,200 miles away. Aboutgraph:

twothirds of the island was blown "The Book of Mormon, were it shown away, and the sea is now 1,000 feet to be true, would give important indeep where the center of the mountain formation to scientists. The account formerly stood. Enormous seawaves

of the convulsions of nature, which were formed which traveled halfway occurred in America at the time of around the earth. On the shores of

Christ's coming, would compel the geolthe neighboring islands the water rose "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"595

50 feet, causing great destruction. More thus built up on unfair, and even false,

than 36,000 persons perished, mostly hy implications, of what value is it either drowning, and 295 villages were wholly to "Mormon"or to non-"Mormon?"or partially destroyed. The sky over

the island and the bordering coasts THE EIGHTH ARTICLE OP FAITH.

became black as night from the clouds of dust. It was estimated that steam In writing of the relative positions

and dust were shot up into the air 17 of the Bible and the Book of Mormon to 23 miles. The explosion produced in the "Mormon"Church, Bishop

great airwaves which traveled three Spalding says:

and more times around the earth."

"The eighth article of faith of the

Tnis account of the volcanic explosion Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints distinguishes between the corof Krakatoa is as wonderful as any rectness of the translation of the Bible account of a convulsion of nature deand of the Book of Mormon. While the

scribed in the Book of Mormon. Shall Bible is accepted as the word of Cod,

we therefore reexamine our theories 'so far as it is correctly translated,'there is no such caution with reference of the formation of land and sea and to the Book of Mormon, but the stateof the cause of darkness? Surely, the ment, 'We also believe the Book of

isbishop will not require it. And yet; Mormon to be the Word of God/

qualification. without instances of this kind might be cited placing the inspiration of "In thus

almost without number. If space would the Book of Mormon on a higher plane

permit we might describe such disthan that of the Bible, the Latterday asters as that of San Francisco, in 1906, Saints are logical. The Book of Mor- -and translated man, by one was monwhen there occurred a fault of from inspired accepted as an by them he was

eight to twenty feet, traceable for 300 prophet of God—using the Urim and

miles; and that of Charleston, in 1886, Thummim."

when numerous fissures were formed Here again we are confronted by a in the earth from which were forced manifestly unfair implication. The

streams of water, mud and sand; and Bishop begins by discussing the fact

that of a part of the delta of the that the Latterday Saints distinIndus river in 1S19, when "an area of guish between the correctness of the some 2,000 miles in extent subsided so translation of the Bible and of the as to be covered by the sea, while a Book of Mormon. And the Latterday

neighboring belt, 50 miles long and 16 Saints do make a distinction. But then

miles wide, rose about 10 feet,"and the Bishop very subtly changes from many other convulsions in which cities the idea of the translation to the* idea and villages were destroyed, and the of the inspiration, and declares that the land was submerged in the sea, and Latterday Saints are logical in placthousands of persons were killed. Yet, ing the inspiration of the Book of

it does not become necessary to revise Mormon upon a higher plane than that our known laws of science. And in like of the Bible. To the non-"Mormon"

manner, did space permit, we might this can mean only one thing: The

make an exhaustive study of the flora Latterday Saints assert without qualiand fauna of the Americas, only to fication the divine inspiration of the find that the botanist and the zoologist men who wrote the books of the Book may leave their accounts of American of Mormon, but they deny in part at lifeforms as they have written them, least the divine inspiration of the men for all that the Book of Mormon who wrote the books of the Bible. That

teaches to the contrary. is, the impression is very cunningly

Why, then, did the Bishop make so given out that the Latterday Saints unfair an implication concerning the place not only the translation but also contents of the Book of Mormon? Was the original inspiration of the Book

Mormon upon a higher plane than it because he was playing absolutely of fair? Since we ha.ve been able to show that of the Bible. If this be really

that the implication is unfair, how are true, it is no wonder that other Chriswe to know—applying the Bishop's own tians refuse to affiliate with the "Mor

logic—that he is not unfair elsewhere in mons,"and that they denounce them

his inquiry? And if his argument is for putting forth another Bible.

596 IMI'K< >YK.\IIiNT ERA

But the implication, I repeat, Writing further of this troublesome is unfair. The eighth article of ouestion, Bishop Spalding says: "It is

faith asserts really the divine..inspiration of the sacred books Mirelyrectnessclearof theto thetranslationreader thatof thethe Bookcorof both the Bible and the Book of of Mormon is a most important quesMormon. As far as the divine intion. It was the conviction that he had been selected the Almighty to give by recsacred these two ofspiration to this mankind for book which won be it may concerned, Jr., Joseph Smith,ords is the attention of

asserted that the Latterday Saints earnest men and gave him leadership over them. If the translation of the same the upon both themplace plates is inaccurate deserve he did not Saints Latterday the Butplane. that leadership. sincere he However

recognize also this fact, that, may have been in believing in his miswhile the Book of Mormon was transsion, if the translation he gave to manlated from the original plates through selfdeceived."kind is false, he is shown to have been

the gift and power of God, the Bible was translated by uninspired men, not Now, there are altogether too many from the original manuscripts, but irrefragable evidences of the divine aufrom copies made from other copies. thenticity of the Book of Mormon, and

Into the copies crept undoubtedly many of the divine inspiration of the translacopyists'errors, and into the translation, for Latterday Saints to begin to tion have crept many translators'erthink of repudiating it. At the same

rors. Surely, it is both logical and time, Bishop Spalding places undue

right to hold to the reservation proemphasis upon the importance of the vided in the eighth article of faith. Book of Mormon, and upon Joseph

So, again, therefore, the Bishop's arguSmith's powers as a translator. Indeed,

ment is based on a false impression, on we are confronted again by an unfair a false premise. There is riot here a implication. While the crux of "Mortotal absence of injustice, nor is there monism"may be, to Bishop Spalding,

a putting of all things on an Did Joseph Smith translate the plates equitable footing, without undue adcorrectly? and while the question is

vantage to any. The bishop's argument admittedly important, it is not true is really not fair, and consequently it is

that Joseph Smith gained his leaderolittle force. ship because of his powers as a transsys- THE PROPHET'S CLAIM TO LEADlator, nor that the "Mormon"

ERSHIP. tem of belief is built upon the Book

The real crux of Bishop Spalding's of Mormon.

inquiry is this: "Did Joseph Smith. Jr.. It will be impossible in the brief

translate the plates correctly?""Was space of this review to consider in dethe Book of Mormon translated cortail the real source of divine leaderrectly?"The bishop accepts for arguship in the lifework of the Prophet Joment's sake, the story of the finding seph Smith. The most that can be done

of the plates of the Book of Mormon. is to point out, in passing, a few of

The real question with him is, "Is the the things that made Joseph Smith a translation of the Book of Mormon corprophet of God—even without the

rect?"He proposes to test Joseph Book of Mormon—and thus to correct

Smith as a prophet of God, therefore, the subtle impression given out in the by his ability to translate ancient lanbishop's pamphlet. First, in this day

guages correctly. And if it can be when there are many contending creeds

shown that Joseph Smith made misand claims, Joseph Smith received takes in translation, then the bishop divine authority from on high to ofwould have all men repudiate the Book ficiate in God's stead. Upon him and

of Mormon "and the whole body of beOliver Cowdery were conferred the lief, which has been built upon it and keys and the authority of the Holy upon the reputation its publication Priesthood. And from them, the keys

save to its author."of the priesthood have been passed to

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"597

all deserving men who have accepted tutes really his great lifework, in the restored gospel of the Lord Jesus. which ho has been surely proved a

Secondly.Joseph Smith instituted a perprophet of God. Nay, bishop, the imfected Church polity—the Church of plication is unfair, the premise is

Jesus Christ, with divinely appointed false. And if the argument so far

officers and divisions. That Church orhas been built up on unfair implicaganization persists, the wonder of the tions and false premises, how are we

world. Thirdly, Joseph Smith promulto know—applying again the bishop's

gated a perfect system of Church docown logic—that the whole argument is

trine and religious philosophy. Even the not unfair, that both premises and

defamers of the Prophet have declared conclusions are not false?

that Mormonism is the most nearly The next step in the bishop's inquiry perfect system of philosophy with is the great and final one, by means which they have ever become acof which the bishop hopes to make the quainted. Then, the blessings of the whole structure of "Mormonism"and

gospel have accompanied the believers. the "Mormon"Church topple to the

Many miraculous gifts and manifestaground. Let us see if he has been

tions have been displayed in the any more fair and just and accurate

Church. Finally, the testimonies of in the real point of his argument than

thousands declare that Joseph Smith he has been heretofore.

was a prophet of God. And all these

things have been accomplished outside THE FACSIMILES ARE NOT THE of, and besides, the Book of Mormon. BOOK OF ABRAHAM.

While the translation of the Book ot The crux of the "Mormon"question,

Mormon was a wonderful achievement, as Bishop Spalding sees it. is, "Did

it was after all but an inciJoseph Smith translate the plates of dent in the establishing of the Church the Book of Mormon correctly?"Upon

of Christ and in the promulgating of the accuracy of his work as a transhis gospel, Joseph Smith was aclator, Joseph Smith must stand or cepted as a leader, not merely fall, in the bishop's opinion, as a because he translated the ancient Neprophet of God. "If the Book of Morphite record, but because he was really mon was not a correct translation,"

a divinely appointed prophet. What asserts the bishop, "and yet Joseph

he has given to the world in the way Smith thought that it came to him of divine authority, and Church orby insipration and revelation from God, ganization, and Church doctrine, forms thoughtful men cannot be asked to really the basis for his claims to accept other revelations which Joseph leadership. And all this he would Smith, Jr., asserted were also given

have given even had there been no him by the Deity."This argument is

Nephite record. That record confirms clearly fallacious, but we need not conhis divine inspiration. sider it now. The question before us

What is to be gained, then, by shiftis, if the bishop's test question is just, ing the responsibility for Joseph how shall we determine whether or

Smith's greatness from the real not the translation of the Book of achievement of his lifeendeavor, to Mormon is correct? Bishop Spalding

some important, yet minor, accomanswers the question thus: "Joseph

plishments in the fulfillment of his Smith's competency as a translator of mission. I can see no purpose in it ancient languages can be ascertained

other than to create the impression in but one way. The original texts,

that Joseph Smith has no other claim together with his interpretations, must to greatness than that of translator. be submitted to competent scholars,

And if there can be found a flaw in and if they declare his translation to his translations, then we are asked, be correct, then it must be accepted as nay, required as intelligent men and true."Conversely, of course, if scholwomen, to repudiate all that constiars should declare the translation to

598 IM PRi (VEMENT ER \

beinconvct, thon it must be rejected s a translator to the Book of as untrue. Mormon directly, ''our purpose will be

It might be Interesting to comment served equally well if the other transon the weakness of this argument, too. lations of the prophet referred to can

Such comment would hardly be in be examined, and fortunately one of place, however, in the purpose of the these translations together with the present review. All thediscus- original text is available. We refer to

sion and the preliminary argu- 'The Book of Abraham,'translated ments that have gone before from the papyrus by Joseph Smith. 'A

arguments that are in every intranslation of some ancient records, stance based on unfair implications that have fallen into our hands, from and false premises—have but led up the catacombs of Egypt; the writings

to this "test"question. The effort has of Abraham, while he was in Egypt

been, plainly, to impress on the readcalled the Book of Abraham written er's mind the importance of the transby his own hand, upon papyrus.'"

lation of the Book of Mormon, and to Commenting further upon this very in the bishop's esattempt to base upon the correctness important "find"—

of the translation the final test of says, "The Book timation—the bishop

the Prophet's divine inspiration. If all of Abraham, with three facsimiles of

the arguments that have gone before the original text of Abraham 'written were founded in fairness on correct by his own hand, upon papyrus,'topremises, the climax of the Bishop's gether with the prophet's explanation inquiry might appear formidable. As and the translation, is a part of the

it is, we step fearlessly forward into 'Pearl of Great Price.'"and, again, he

the bishop's masterpoint to discover declares, almost exultantly, ''It is no*";

his method of procedure there. clear that in the translation of tr e

How is the accuracy of the translaEgyptian hieroglyphics, known as tr e tion of the Book of Mormon to be 'Book of Abraham,'we have just the tested? If he could, the bishop would test we. need of Joseph Smith's acof course hand over the original plates curacy as a translator. The original

to such men as he would consider text with the prophet's translation are competent scholars. And if it were available for our investigation."And

possible to do so, the Latterday Saints so, the bishop hands the "Book of would not hesitate nor fear to subAbraham,"with the three facsimiles, mit the plates to competent scholars to eight competent Egyptologists. Their

"But the plates are not available,"testimonies are recorded in the final says the bishop. "They are kept toy chapter of the bishop's inquiry. Mor-

'thrt heavenly messenger* who deliver monism. imagines the bishop, is overed them to the prophet, and to whom whelmed; the Church is laid in ruins.

they were again delivered up, 'and he But the bishop has, after all, built has them in his charge unto this day."u n a very poor argument. It is not my

Evidently, then, the test of Joseph purpose here to inquire carefully into

Smith's competency as a translator can the verdict of the jury of eight. That

not be applied directly to the Book of has already been done by others. But

Mormon. What is to be done? T have shown successfully, I believe,

Our friend, the bishop, is resourcethat all the preliminary arguments in ful. In the Pearl of Great Price he thp bishop's case are founded on unfinds a book called the "Book of fair implications and false premises. In

Abraham."Accompanying the "Book considering now the bishop's great,

of Abraham,"he finds three facPna] noint—the climax of his argument

similies of Egyptian texts. Subjoined to discover that the hishop js again—T

the facsimiles, he discovers interpreguilty of an unfair and unjust implitations made by the Prophet Joseph cation, that he has based the crucial

Smith of some of the inscriptions on point or his argument upon a false the facsimiles. The case is clear. Since premise.

we cannot c.pply the test of comAs one reads Bisho,-, Spalding's de-

'JOSK1MI SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSL \T< >R"599

velopment of his crushing stroke seriously with Joseph Smith's impudent against Mormonisra, one infers from fraud."I presume he means in foistthe bishop's statement of the case that ing upon the world the Book of Abrathe original manuscript of the "Book ham as an alleged translation of the facof Abraham"is available. Note caresimiles; for he admits that the facfully these statements: "Fortunately similes themselves are Egyptian. Dr.

one of these translations together with Petrie says, "They are all many centhe original text is available"(ch, 5, turies later than Abraham."Evidently

p. 13;) "the original text with the he was made to understand that, acprophet's translation are available for cording to the prophet's claims, they

our investigation"(ch. 6, p. IS'.) Were all written by the hand of AbraAgain, one would infer from ham himself. Dr. Breasted says, "The

the bishop's statement of the point, then, is that in publishing these case that the Book of Abraham facsimiles of Egyptian documents as was translated from the three facpart of an unique revelation to Abrasimiles accompanying the book. Note ham, Joseph Smith was attributing to

these passages: "The Book of Abraham, Abraham a series of documents which

with three facsimiles of the original were the common property of a whole text of Abraham... is a part of nation of people who employed them

the 'Pearl of Great Price'"(ch. b, p. in every human burial, which they pre13): "it is now clear that in the transpared."Again, this learned man was

lation of the Egyptian hieroglyphics, given to understand from some source known as the 'Book of Abraham,'we that, the Taesimiles were the Book of have just the test we need of Joseph Abraham, and should therefore form a

Smith's accuracy as a translator"(ch. unique manuscript written by Abraham

6, p. IS). And, finally, one would infer himself. Dr. Mace writes that "the

from the bishop's statement of the cape 'Book of Abraham,'it is hardly necesthat the three facsimiles accompanysary to say, is a pure fabrication;"being the Book of Abraham—constituting cause, undoubtedly, he cannot interpret

in the bishop's implied explanation the the facsimiles as the text of the book original text of the Book of Abraham itself. And so with all the learned

from which it was translated—were doctors: they seem to have labored

written by Abraham's own hand. Note under the impression that the original

this passage with its subtle wording. manuscript of the Book of Abraham

"The Book of Abraham, with three facwas available, that the three fac-. accompanying the Book ofsimiles of the original text of Abraham similes

'written by his own hand, upon papyAbraham constitute that original manrus,'... is a part of the 'Pearl of uscript, and that the inscriptions on

Great Price'"(ch. 5, p. 13). And it was those facsimiles were "written by his

these inferences, undoubtedly, that the (Abraham's) own hand."

learned jury of eight drew from the To one who is acquainted with documents submitted to them. It is Church history, there could be made no

unfortunate, and I may say, again, unrepresentation farther from the truth fair, that the bishop has not included than this of Bishop Spalding's in his pamphlet his own letters to the concerning the Book of Abraham.

competent scholars who were to sit in Instead of the Abrahamic manujudgment upon.the divine inspiration of script's being available, it is enso the Prophet Joseph Smith. We might tirely unavailable—as much

then be able to judge of the'fairness of as the original plates of the Book of the bishop's statement of the case to Mormon. In fact, the original manuthem. However, it is Quite evident script of the Book of Abraham has

from their letters to the bishop, that been destroyed, so far as we know.

they got the unfair understanding of Instead of the three facsimiles'formthe case that he would have the reading the original text of the Book of ers of his pamphlet get. Thus, Dr. Abraham, they really constitute no

Sayce writes, "It is difficult to deal part thereof. They were merely found

600 IMPROVEMENT ERA

with the mummies. Instead of Abraham. It was not taken from the

the facsimilles, being written in facsimiles accompanying the book.

Abraham's own hand, and thus For these the prophet prepared the recording a unique revelation to special appended interpreations, and

Abraham, it is undoubtedly true published them with the translation of that they are facsimilies of "a the part of the Book of Abraham series of documents which were the which he had mastered. Now, after the

, the mummiescommon property of a whole nation of prophet's martyrdom people."It does not affect the importand the papyri passed into the hands

ance of the facsimilies, therefore, If of a St. Louis syndicate. Some years

they belong to a period centuries later later they were sold to a museum in than that of Abraham. It might have Chicago. During the great fire of 1871,

in which the mummiesproved unfortunate if the doctors had the museum declared them much more ancient were displayed was destroyed, and, also, and thethan Abraham. presumably, the mummies

Now, without going into tedious depapyri. All, therefore, that Bishop

tails, the simple facts in the case are Spalding would imply in his subtle these: "On the 3rd of July (1835,) statements concerning the Book of

is controverted by the facts Michael H. Chandler came to KirtAbraham

land to exhibit some Egyptian mumof history. The original manuscript of

is unfortunatemies. There were four human figures, the Book of Abraham

together with some two or more rolls ly not available. The three facsimiles

of papyrus covered with hieroghyphic accompanying the Book of Abraham figures and devices."The papyri were are certainly not the original manurolled, we are given to understand, in script of the Book of Abraham. There

the usual Egyptian manner. The is no evidence that Abraham himself

Saints became interested and purwrote in his own hand any part of the chased the mummies and the papyri. papyri found with the mummies, cer-

"I commenced the translation of some tainly not the hypocephalus. But at the

of the characters or hieroglyphies,"same time, there is no evidence that writes the prophet, "and much to our the inscriptions and devices on the joy found that one of the rolls conthree facsimiles did not originate in tained the writings of Abraham, anoththe experiences of Abraham, who er the writings of Joseph of Egypt, probably became the object of a kind etc."And since these were true of heroworship in the mythology of

Egyptian mummies, buried according the Egyptians.

to Egyptian custom, I have no doubt What, then, happens to the bishop's that there were found with them hypocarefully and cunningly wrought arguIt is robbed utterly of its cephali and other documents "which ment?

were the common property of a whole force. It falls broken and harmless to

nation of people who employed them the ground. Not only is every prelimin every human burial, which they preinary argument based on a false prepared."mise; but the great climactic point to

But these hypocephali and other dewhich the argument builds, and which vices were not the source of the Book is intended to overwhelm the claims of Abraham, though they may have of Joseph Smith, is founded on depicted scenes from his life. It was premises that are absolutely false.

one of the papyrus rolls that containThe Book of Abraham itself has not ed the Book of Abraham. This partibeen touched. The Book of Mormon

cular roll may or may not have been is left intact. The claims of Joseph

written by Abraham's own hand. PosSmith for recognition as a Prophet of

sibly it was a copy of Abraham's oriGod remain unanswered. "Mormonginal manuscript. However, this roll ism"is yet unaccounted for by the

learned. The conclusion Bishop the prophet translated in part—but in

part only. The translation of part of Spalding would have us deduce from

the papyrus roll forms the Book of his argument, that since Joseph Smith "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'.601

failed as a translator of ancient lan render the final decision. But the

guages he failed also as a prophet of doctors do not agree upon any one

God, does not follow since every premthing, except upon denouncing the ise leading to such a deduction is "impudent fraud"of Joseph Smith.

false. Nearly all of them say that the devices are incorrectly copied—that they

WHOSE TRANSLATION IS CORshould be thus, or so. All of them

RECT? recognize the facsimiles—whether corBut I suppose the Reverend Doctor rectly or incorrectly copied- -as copies

Spalding will not rest content with of common Egyptian devices. But

this summary disposition of his crafty while one doctor interprets a certain but fruitless argument. "Let it be figure to be but'recently dead and to

granted,"says he, "that I made a misbe undergoing the rite of embalming, another doctor interprets the same figtake about the original text of the

Book of Abraham; there remain yet ure to be rising from death. While

one doctor declares that "the hierothe facsimiles with the alleged transglyphics which should describe the lation."Ah; but that is quite anscenes... are merely illegible scratchother matter. The translation of the

Book of Abraham was not accomes,"another doctor, experiencing applished in the same manner as was parently no difficulty in deciphering "itthat of the Book of Mormon. The difthe inscriptions, declares that

should be noted further that the hieroference has been clearly pointed out by Elder J. M. Sjodahl. The transglyphics in the two facsimiles from

2 and 3),lation of the hieroglyphics and devices the 'Book of Abraham'(Nos.

though they belong to a very degeneron the facsimiles, too, was accomcivil-plished in a different manner from that ate and debased age in Egyptian cf the Book of Mormon; and, perhaps, ization, and have been much coreven from that of the Book of Abrarupted in copying, contain the usual

ham. When the prophet came into explanatory inscriptions regularly

possession of the papyri, ho began a found in such funerary documents."

I might continue from point toserious study of Egyptian. As he And so

progressed in his understanding of the point. The disagreement between the

h'eroglyphics, he recorded his findings. doctors is so marked, and so wide,

Gradually he gained somewhat of a that their opinions in the case are renmastery of the peculiar form of writdered wholly worthless. However, it

here to study criticing. Under date of July 17, 1835, the is not my purpose

prophet made the following entry in ally the opinions of the learned jury of his journal: "The remainder of this eight. That has been done by others.

month I was continually engaged in I am reminded of an amusing extranslating an alphabet to the Book perience of my own. I have a friend

of Abraham, and arranging a gramwho prides himself on the correctness mar of the Egyptian language as pracand the purity of his English. He is,

ticed by the ancients."Evidently, in fact, an excellent student of modern

then, while the prophet worked under Englishbut, unfortunately, he knows the inspiration of God—as have the nothing about the earlier periods of the

to myprophets in all ages—yet his translamother tongue. My friend came

tion of th Book of Abraham, and of room one day when I was reading the accompanying facsirmies, was Wiclif's translation of the gospel of very largely the result of careful study Saint Matthew. I had just begun the

and investigation. The translation of fifth chapter, which runs thus:

the Book of Abraham we believe is "Jhesus forsothe, seynge companyes, absolutely correct. Is the translation wente up into an hill: and when he

of the facsimiles also correct? Who hadde sete, his disciplis camen nighe

shall say? Bishop Spalding insists that to him. And he, openynge his mouthe.

his jury of competent scholars shall taughte to hem, sayinge, 'Blessid be \602 M PR( >VEMENT E R

the pore in spirit, for the kingdam in CONCLUSION.

hevenes is heren. Blessid be mylde

men, for thei shuln welrle the erthe. In conclusion, it may be interesting to

Blessid be thei that mournen, for thei summarize something of what has been sliuln be comfortid."done. When Bishop Spalding went about

to prepare his little pamphlet, "Josepn I handed the book to my friend and Smith, Jr., as a Translator,"he hoped toasked, "Can you read that?"He read throw into the "Mormon"camp a bombthe passage over, then replied, "Well, that would destroy "Mormonism"for-

I see that it is intended to be the

Sermon on the Mount, but it is an ever. Let us see why the feeble explosion of the bishop's bomb has failedabominably poor copy. The man who

1 Tinted that knew very little about to do damage. In a number of excellent

spelling didn't he? And some of those ia pcis contributed by thoughtful men,

words are entirely wrong; they should it has been shown clearly that

isbe quite different. Let me see your the verdict of the jury in the case

worthless since the jourymen could notKing James Bible."

agree; that the Book of Abraham I fancy that a little lesson may be and the Book of Mormon are notgained from this experience. While

exactly parallel cases; that thethe bishop's learned doctors are not s

ignorant of Egyptian as was my friend doctors disagree and have often of Middle English, yet I am quite sure been wrong; that there are many

that the last word has not yet been tilings in Egyptian mythology supspoken on the interpretation of Egypported by the facsimiles; that the

tian hieroglyphics. It is asserted that doctrines of the Book of Abraham

Egyptian can now be read almost as have, in some cases, been borne out easily n Greek: and yet, from a jury by the discoveries of modern science,

of eight learnea men, we can se'ect no and, even, that the Prophet's transtwo who agree in their interpretation lation is at least more nearly correct bt the three facsimiles accompanying than that of the doctors. Others

the Book of Abraham. have pointed out the weakness in

Whose translation then, is correct? the bishop's argument. Bishop Spaldall that JoIn view of the great mass of cumulaing would have us reject

if it can be shown tive evidence that supports the claims seph Smith did, of Joseph Smith as a prophet of the livthat he failed in one thing. The arguing God, I am justified in believing that ment should work the other way

Poseph Smith should be accepted his interpretation of the Egyptian devices is at least as nearly correct as as divinely inspired in all that it can be shown that he that of any one of the disagreeing he did, if learned doctors. And it may be, that, was inspired in any one thing. Dr.

when the doctors shall learn to read Pack points to predictk ns fulEgyotian a little bit better than they l.Ilrd. to work accomplished, and to the

now do Greek, they will find that these great revelation, the Word of Wisdom.

same facsimiles had their origin in which has gained wonderful support the experiences and teachings of father from the investigations of modern

Abraham. Until that time, the opinscience. If we apply Bishop Spalding's

ions of the learned doctors concerning logic strictly, there should be no the facsimiles affects the Book of hesitancy in acceptingthe divine inAbraham not at all. But the bishop's spiration of Joseph Smith in all things.

argument denends—pivots, if you will—Now, any one of the replies made to the

upon proving the Book of Abraham bishop's pamphlet was sufficient. Toincorrectly translated. The bishop's argether they have s shorn the argument, then, fal's forlornly to the ment of its strength, and nave sc

around, heloing by its fall to support deadened the explosion of the bomb, the claims of the Prophet Joseph Smith. that it has become harmless. Finally,

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'603

I have shown—not ineffectively, I hope, Abraham, no case aginst the Book of

in this hasty review—that while the Mormon, no case against Joseph Smith,

bishop appears to treat his subject with no case against "Mormonism"—the resfairness, that while he tries to impress tored gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

his reader with his openness, his frankThe Latterday Saints have nothing ness, his candor, his honesty, yet his to fear. They need only to clean

every argument is based upon some unaway the wreckage of another unfair implication, some false premise. sucessful attack upon the strongTherefore, by every rule of logic, his hold of "Mormon"faith, and to

conclusion must be false. In fine, the proceed triumphantly on their way.

bishop has no case against the Book of

An Open Letter to Bishop Spalding.

BY PROF. N. L. NELSON

in these along the lines of your recent pamMy Dear Reverend Sir:—If

cerphlet; but living as I do just now indays you hear—and overhear—a

tain familiar quotation from an the very heart of the desert, -I must ancient prophet, you will probably resort to this onesided and therefore have an uneasy feeling tnat somehow somewhat unsatisfactory method of you yourself nave furnished the latest "crying out in the wilderness,"after occasion lor bringing it forward. having fired your hroadside at us

The passage occurs in Isaiah 2 9, a think, man, of the "imprudence"of propnecy believed by Latterday it! without a declaration of war, and

taints, to refer to tne coming forth of in a time of profound peace. You

the Book of Mormon. The quotation must be much oppressed with curihere given refers to some of the after osity to know the exact psychological

effects: effect on a "Mormon"elder of being

"Wherefore the Lord said, for as "hit."

much as tnis people draw near me Let me assure you, then, that as rewith their mouth, and with their lips gards threefourths of us, the effect their removed but have me,uo honor purely was compound spectacular—a totheir fear me, and farheart from of noise. Like Nathaniel and of smoke

ward me is taught by the precepts of old, such is the assurance with which men; therefore, behold, I will proceed their shield of faith protects them,

to do a marvelous work among this that they stop neither to ask nor to people, even a marvelous work and a entertain negative questions. It is

wonder; for the wisdom of their wise of this type particularly that the Lord

men snail perish, and the understandhas said: "My grace shall be sufficient

ing of their prudent men shall be hid."for you."

Moreover, if you should keep your As for the rest of us, however, theears alert for current comments on case is unfortunately different. Our

this famous passage, you would probfaith, I hope, is no less ardent than ably find many a -'Mormon"elder just theirs; but, Thomaslike, we must

now classing your late jury of savants make the findings of our heads coinamong the "wise men"there referred cide with the findings of our hearts beto. You yourself would doubtless be fore we can be completely at peace.

placed among the "prudent men,"for Speaking for myself, I may say that up till your latest move among us, while this discussion has been going that was the mental quality which dison, I have been distinctly at a disadtinguished you from the rest of your vantage; for contrary to your past

clerical brethren. Let us hope that vogue, you neglected to furnish me

this fine talent is not to be "hid"very with the "document"in question. I

long. read, therefore—let me confess My dear fellowworker, for a month frankly—with a growing sense of disifmy bones have been aching for one turbance, the first three or four arof our threehour chats, especially ticles by the defense; and when you''

604 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pamphlet finally reached me. and I plausibility to these swift, offhand

had before me the full verdict of your verdicts.

learned jury, that disturbance deepenIn the midst of such perplexities the ed into a profound disappointment. wise man leaves his convictions in

"Was it possible?"I asked myself, statu quo. I concluded to wait.

"thai Joseph Smith had presumed upon At this point I am willing to gratify his reputation as a translator, to set what must be a very natural curiosity irnvn here the vagaries of an undis on your part as to what was then my ciplined imagination? To what purmental attitude toward Joseph Smith's

pose?"I asked myself. For these divine mission, especially in relation

Egyptian cuts and th findings on to the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine them, hae only an incidental relationand Covenants, the Pearl of Great ship to "Mormonism."The Book of Price and the system ui'belief and

Abraham,"like the Book of Mormon, conduct based as you affirm, upon is a vital contribution to our sacred them. I will answer by this compariliterature; but these curious drawings son:

and their desultory and fragmentary Suppose you had looked day after decipherment—what purpose did the day upon a glorious landscape, sunprophet have in giving them to the flooded, and perennially renewed beworld? fore your eyes. Then comes a fog

Then I recalled, that as to their which blurs or blots this view temtranslation, it came about differently porarily from your mind. Do you

from that of the Book of Mormon—and therefore doubt that this landscape is

for aught I know, from that of the a realty or that the sun is still shinBook of Abraham. In those books the ning, and will in fact soon dispel the

revelation proceeded in a stream, withmist?

out break or hesitation; but in these Well, there is your answer. The sasuperficial bits, Joseph studied diligentcred books of "Mormonism"and the

ly and worked the figures over, bit by principles of the gospel set forth therebit, quite as an uninspired translator in are in a very definite sense, indemight have done. pendent of Joseph Smith; just as the

Did he merely "guess,"then, at the Bible is its own vindication, without meanings he set down? If this jury of reference to high critics or low. For

experts is to be trusted, he must have behind the fogs which men may credone so. But again tne question rises, ate, shines forever the Sun of rightwhy did he translate these Egyptian eousness who makes clear to each soul

plates at all? To gratify vanity? Hardwhatever of truth in these divine recly: for so sure does he seem to be of ords is fitted for your soul's assimilahis work, that he transcribes and pubtion or mine.

lishes in facsimile the translated "God is his own interpreter, throws down the And he will make it plain."scrolls—in effect,

gauntlet to the whole world. This aspect of my letter will receive

Again, to assume that he guessed at. further attention later on; for indeed

the meanings, would be to credit him it is my central, if not my only, reawith a vanity amounting to foolhardi- son for writing to you at all. Here,

ness, and certainly, foolhardiness is a however, it will be apropos to resume quality not to be found in the history my narrative, as to the effect of your of his work as a church builder. Inpamphlet on a sample "Mormon"elder.

deed, viewing the prophet in the latter The fog your critics spread did not capacity, must we not credit him with hang long. Dr. Robert C. "Webb's masthe very oposite qualification, that of terly explication of these plates rescientific construct! veness? stored to me more than your destructive criticisms took away. For up till On the other hand—this verdict! And

so cocksure do these "savants"seem, the date of this discussion, I had given that theii investigation of the matter only the most casual attention to this appears trivial to them—too "dead part of Joseph Smith's work as transeasy"to occupy more serious time than lator. I therefore had no definite

the toothpick interval after a hearty convictions with reference thereto.

meal. Nay, one is led to believe from Never having sought the testimony of

their letters that the veriest tyro in the Spirit concerning them I held these

Egyptology, the mere connoisseur ie fragments from the lore of Egypt out any one of a score of museums, could in that boundless category of things overthrow the prophet's position. yet to be investigated. But following

True, the lazy complacency and irDr. Webb's careful paper, as best I

ritableness of these experts is a suscould, by aid of dictionary and enpicious ingredient in their verdicts; for cyclopedia, I obtained gratifying

it is a mental attitude too often formed glimpses into the mythology of Egypt,! n socalled intellectual (?) critics of and every bit of insight so obtained

"Mormonism."On the other hand, the wns a new step in the direction of.

cuts themselves lend a most tantalizing vindicating Joseph Smith.

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'605

effect The upon in me that was of a every word of this hymn, and for feelingof pure sense joy—a of spiritthat matter in all the Godliteratureual triumph, which keeps of welling the up Bibte. can How there be atand. overflowing, in whenever one thought many Gods and yet God''one mly I review Dr. findings. Webb's in Wow,. the sense of Godhood that Remember, the IB needs of to faith say of my the fullness of the priestrequire neither a nool, complete innor an there can be only one in the God fallible translation of these plates universeone by truth, one power, auoneJoseph Smith. thority, No Egyptologist living which when wielded by the is able to that, give perfected as the variations man, makes that man God theseamong experts sufficiently You will indiplease note, dear doctor, my Itcate. suffice, should tnat therefore, God for as unity thus may reprebe

the faith of any honest man, if it be sented as any one or all of the pure made plain that the prophet has shown abstractions, viz., as truth, power aureal and profound insight into the recthority, as noted above, or as omnipoords of this dead and buried age of tence, omniscience, omnipresence, and

the world; and such an insight Dr. so on to the end of the category of

Webb shows Joseph Smith to have had divine attributes.

at a time, moreover, when he could But such an abstraction could not derive no aid from the work of scholeven begin to act in the universe; for

ars. while the divine office contains all

Dr. Webb has, indeed, vindicated the there is of power and authority, it reprophet better than he knew himself. mains inert and indifferent so far as

Let me attempt to make plain at least creating and controlling are concerned, a single instance of this. without an executive wielding the ofAfter mentioning that one of th& fice. Your own definition of deity as

critics, Dr. A. M. Lythgoe of New York, a being "without body, parts or pasfound "snatches of a hymn to the Sun sions"is a fairly good description of

God"on the hypocephalus, or second this same ineffective abstraction.

of the said cuts, Dr. Webb proceeds Note, now, in the pirase of the

to quote one of these ancient Egyptian hymn above quoted, how superior is hymns at length. It is sufficient for the Egyptian definition: "Thou Only

my purpose to reproduce this quotaOne. whose arms are many."Jehovah

tion only in part: and Jesus Christ are two examples or

"Hail to thee, O AmenRa Lord of such "arms"or executives of the "Only the world's throne. The king of heaven One;"in short, of perfect men now

and sovereign of the earth. Thou Lord wieiding the fullness of priesthood, or

of things that exist; thou establisher of in other words, Godhood. Such in brief

creation; thou supporter of the uniis the contribution of "Mormon"

verse. Thou art one in thine attriphilosophy to the world's concept of

butes among the gods....thou God. But to resume.

chief of all Gods, Lord of truth, Father In the phrase above noted: "Thou

of the Gods; Creator of men..... Only One, whose arms are many,"or

Thou One, thou Only One whose arms in any of a score of other expressions are many. All men and all creatures in this Egyptian hymn, Joseph could

adore thee and praises come unto thee havs discerned the "grand keywords from the height of heaven, from the of the holy priesthood."

earth's widest space and from the In another place, Dr. Webb educes

depths of the sea.... Thou One, the ideas of authority and truth from

thou Only One, who has no second, the hieroglyphics. "It is respectfully

whose names are manifold and innusubmitted -for determination,"he then merable."asks, "whether these qualities fully

Now, inasmuch as Joseph Smith derepresent the priesthood, or emblem clares figure 3 in the second plate "to the governance of God."The answer

represent God sitting upon his throne is that they do most fully, and conseclothed with power and authority; quently give point to Joseph's transwith a crown of eternal, light upon his lation, viz., "emblematic of the grand

head; representing also the grand keypresidency in heaven."

words of the holy priesthood,"Dr. Indeed the more carefully one studies

Webb is led to remark that if the Dr. Webb's exposition, the more

prophet could really read such strongly one is convinced that Joseph "snatches of a hymn to the Sun God,"Smith read the deeper or esoteriche might well discover symbols typimeaning of these symbols; while your

fying the "grand key word of the panel of experts read the surface or priesthood."exoteric meaning only; whence IsaIt is concerning the meaning of this iah's words above quoted stand justivery expression that I desire to enfied: viz., "the wisdom of their wise

large. If a keyword means anything, men shall perish;"that is, come to

it must mean that which unlocks a naught. For no man now honestly indeep mystery. That mystery, faces us vestigating "Mormonism,"need stum606 [MPR< >VEMENT ERA

ble because of your late contribution learned jury were not fairly in possesto the aubjecl - sion of the facts, otherwise they would

Tt remains to point out in further denot have presumed to pass judgment li. il, how the "understanding"of at on the Book of Abraham, calling it a

leasl one of the "prudent men"was "pure fabrication,"etc. They should

"hid;"for as intimated in the opening have been informed that the Mss.

of this letter Isaiah's phrase, in my of this book were probably destroyed in estimation, fits exactly the role you the great Chicago Are, and that what have played in this whole business. they were expected to pass upon was

In the first place, consider the inonly incidentally related thereto. This

dictment brought against you for "unlapse on your part, whether through fair fairness"by my friend Polder Os- a;n advertence or by design, comes to

borne J. P. Widtsoe. If it is a just inthe same thing, in helping to discredit

dictment, as it seems to be, it surely your jury, and is an illustration of indicates a temporary eclipse of your how the "understudy"of a really pruwell known prudence. As has been dent man may be "hid,"when he tries

pointed out over and over again, the his hand at overthrowing the work ->f fac similes published in the "Pearl of God.

Great Price"were no integral part This, however, becomes a trivial inof the ancient manuscripts of the stance, when compared with the colBook of Abraham. They were pages lossal result you anticipate from the

superficially attached to this manuverdict of your panel of Egyptologists, script, and the translation forms no viz., the repudiation by every thoughtpart of the revelation known as the ful and honest Latterday Saint, "with

Writing of Abraham. whatever personal regret,"

As quoted in your pamphlet, page 16, (1) Of the Book of Mormon, and (2)

George Q. Cannon says: of "the whole body of belief, which has

"Attached to two of the bodies been built upon it and upon the repu- (mummies) were rolls of linen.... tation its publication gave to its

Within the linen were rolls of papyrus author."

1 earing a perfectly preserved record The more I contemplate this gigantic in black and red characters, carefully assumption on your part, my dear revformed."erend sir, the more astounded I am at

These constituted the writings of your lapse of mental values. What!

are my spiritual intuitions, which areAbraham—the text by Abraham's own are thehand; though there is nothing to show the voice of God to me—nay,

that this text had not been widely testimonies of the Spirit to half a milbe counted fact or ficcopied, and that this particular Ms. lion souls—to

may not, in fact, have been a copy 500 tion, according as a certain historical shall a passed incident be upon byyears after day. Abraham's illtem- prejudiced, Gentiles, of jury Afv to facsimiles the discusunder pride of huthe pered with and madsion, this consider further remark by learning? manElder in the Cannon extract: same relief amazefor find I can no my

"With other of the bodies were papyrus ment, save in the restaging of your prostrins bearing epitaphs and astronomiposition, with new but I believe, faircal calculations."Does not this better ly analogous terms:

des< ribe the probable source of these "Many years ago a certain noted

Egyptian cuts? traveler discovered, floating down the

Be that as it may, I have the testiheadwaters of the Mississippi a somemony of one who handled the Mss. of what curious object, which he dethe Book of Abraham scores of times. scribed as an overturned Indian canoe,

This was Dr. John Riggs of Provo, at much battered. The incident received

whose house I lived three years duri/ng considerable emphasis at the time from my student days in the Brigham Young the fact that people took sides as to academy. Dr. Riggs was distinguished the correctness of this description. Affor a memory almost photographic in ter threequarters of a century a cerits exactness of details. As a boy in tain reverend gentleman, desirous of

Kirtland he had constant opportunity vindicating the truth, discovered this of being present with viistors at the object floating in the Gulf of Mexico, it before a jury of"Museum,"? room in Father Smith's and promptly laid

house, where the mummies were on exeight expert woodmen, who, though hibition. As I recall his testimony, they differed among themselves as to just nil really the object what was, inthe Mss. of the were form a pad about in agreed ridiculing interpretation thesix eight inches by half and an inch of the traveler; revthe whereuponthick, and were lying found transerend gentleman, eclipse curious a by

versely over the region of the mumof 'undersanding'or common sense, my's stomach, directly underneath his made this demand; that every honest

hands. and thoughtful person, not only reThe point of nil this, as insisted upon pudiate, 'at whatever personal regret,

also by Elder Widtsoe, is that your the original interpretation of the ob- "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"607

ject but also discredit the reality of divine revelation, which space forbids the Mississippi river (the river of i'aith me to touch upon here. Finally you

and spiritual intentions) which bad are prepared to bait your hook, and served to keep the object afloat, and here is how you do it. I have taken

carry it out into the sea of worldly the liberty of placing the barb of that speculation!"hook in capitals:

Here is another parallel: "It is surely clear to the reader that

"Once upon a time a lover of fine the correctness of the translation of fruit proceeded to plant a noted garden the Book of Mormon is a most imwhich in time, and by the aid of his portant question. It was the convicsuccessors, became the livest and most tion that he had been selected by the

fruitful orchard in the whole world. Almighty to give to mankind this

At length a certain wiseacre in minisBook, which won for Joseph Smith, terial broadcloth came along, and out Jr., the attention of earnest men and

of pure envy, as some averred, or pure women, and gave him leadership over love of truth as be himself maintained, them. If the translation of the plates

proceeded to throw discredit upon the is inaccurate, he did not deserve that fruit and upon all the workers in the leadership. However sincere he may

orchard. have been in believing in his mission,

"For I have discovered, said he, if the translation he gave to mankind bv delving into a certain incident of is false, he is shown to have been selfhis life, that the founder had but a deceived. More than this. This repoor and imperfect knowledge of boliance placed upon the witnesses who

tany, a science absolutely necessary testified that God's voice assured them to the true propagation of fruit; which that the translation was 'by the gift

'is broken down. deplorable ignorance of said founder and power of God

I have established by a jury of eight They, too, were selfdeceived. They

scientific men: and I consequently call did not hear God's voice; BECAUSE

upon every honest and thoughtful man, GOD'S VOICE COULD NOT HAVE 'at whatever personal regret,'not only ASSURED THEM THAT AN INCORto repudiate the said founder but to deRECT THING WAS TRUE."

ny that said fruit is good and beautiOnce your antagonist accepts the ful, and also forthwith to abandon proposition I have placed in capitals said orchard. Yea, verily. Amen."—and ordinarily who would have the

part of not to do courage the proceed to uncover now Let me adroit the subtle have rhetorical argument is so?—yourdone. You and approaches

whereby this preposterous assumption merely to turn on him the crank of was made to stem plausible—first as the logic mill, and he is figuratively

regards the repudiation of the Bo >k of reduced to sausage.

Mormon. For instance, the first edition of the

You start out by commending the Book of Mormon had in it about 2,000 iogic—from the Latterday Saint point mistakes in spelling and grammar, of view—which places the Rook of which have since been eliminated;

Mormon before the Bible in point of moreover, the present edition is very "correctness."Next you quote from far from being flawless, if judged by

Elder Orson Pratt: the best literary standards; especially

"This book must be either true or as regards grammar and rhetoric.

false. If true, it is one of the most Turn now the logic crank, bishop,

important messages ever sent from Here is the way it will go:

God to man.... If false, it is one of Can God's voice have proclaimed

f.e most cunning, wicked, bold, deepas "true,"a translation so very "in-

'aid impositions ever planned upon the correct"in spelling, grammar, and wrld."rhetoric? Again, when the Book of

Tn order to enhance further the idea Mormon shall come to have the cruthat a revelation from God must be cial examination invited by Elder "Perfect"and flawless, you next quote Roberts'outburst of enthusiasm that splendid burst of eloquence in a and every "Mormon"elder welcomes isspeech by Elder B. H. Roberts: it, just as did Elder Roberts—it "I am willinsr to repeat my statemore than probable that the book will

ment that the Book of Mormon must fail to measure up to the standard ofsubmit to every test—literary critimodern truths in botany, zoology, ascism among the rest... to histortronomy, geography, history and

ical tests, to the tests of archaeologmany other departments of human ical research, and also to the higher endeavor; of which it is at least the

criticism.... The Book is flung indirect record among an ancient

down in the world's mass of literature, people. Indeed, if it be not found full

and here it is: we proclaim it true, of inaccuracies in details of this type,

and the world has the right to test it it will be counted a suspicious docuto the uttermost in every possible ment to the real critics; those that

wav."realize, once for all, that no ancient

There are many other deft little document can be more perfect than touches, tending to build up the idea the best of the life it reflects.

of a necessary flawlessness in every Yet, you with your false standard 60S IMPROVEMENT ERA

of correctness have only to say: "God may and should hold reverently many

being perfect, whatever comes from things, because of the authority that his hands, cannot possibly have inacutters them; but they will become true

curacies in it."It is this same foolto him only when the time comes that

ish logic that you will try to turn on they can be woven into the tapestry us, when you find Joseph Smith's of his soullife.

translation "incorrect"because forIn the third place, any considerable sooth, your experts unite in ridiculrevelation of modern science, could ing him. You seem really to think not have been made to the ancients,

that there is such a thing as "correctout of sheer failure to And a being it. Nay, even the symness"in an absolute sense. Which able to voice

then of your eight witnesses is the bols necessary to convey the thought "correct"one? Your answer must were not in existence.

condemn the other seven. Consider as an illustration the case

Is it rot about time, my dear fellow of the Prophet Mormon himself, Supworker, that we gave up that foolish pase, after God had commanded him proposition, which forms the backto make, from the tomes of Nephite bone of your inquiry,. viz., that any records at hand, the abridgment nowdocument put forward as a divine revknown by his name—suppose, I repeat

elation must be "flawless"by all the the divine Spirit guiding him, had human standards that happen to be held him up, whenever there came in vogue at the time? into his mind an aspect of botany,

Suppose a given revelation, touching zoology, geography, astronomy, or any upon controversial matters, were in other such Nephite experience, the exfact pronounced flawless by the best pression of which would not be upto- human learning of the day; would it date with what the Spirit might forenot still be full of "inaccuracies"to see would be known of these things in

advanced intelligences, like the angels, the twentieth century. Would not his

or even to earthpeople who are to pen have been paralyzed every little live a century in the future? while? Suppose the Spirit of InspiraAgain, if God's perfection must be tion had then, against his will, seized

mirrored in every document which his his hand and written those passages voice proclaims to be "true;"then wherein his knowledge failed to measwe should have a revelation utterly ure up to what would be the exactions meaningless to man till such time as of modern truth—would he, Mormon, he shall attain to the same perfection. have stood for such passages? Would

To make this plain, we have only to they not have seemed unintelligible, suppose the modern geological exnot to say false, to him? And would

planation of creation to have been they not have 'been essentially false, given to the ancients instead of the as a, portrayal of the life of an ancient account in Genesis. What meaning people?

could it possibly have had for them? Now, such a supposition is foolish,

Such a bit of modern truth injected from the fact that divine inspiration out of relation with all the rest of the could not thus have seized the anthoughts and experiences of the race cient writer's hand, for that would have for several thousand years to come? been violating man's free agency. The

But could God not have revealed a Book of Mormon may thus be "true,"sufficient arc of creation, as modern both as reflecting truly, by its very inscience now understands it, so as to accuracies, an imperfect people, and as bringthe ancients nearer to truth? being fitted, even by its very shortThe answer is no. First, because to comings, for assimilation by the poor

do so would violate the fundamental and lowly of another people 1,500 years principle of divine education, the abin the future.

solute need of selfeffort to psychic deThat is true for us which is fitted to velopment; and, second, because the awaken and keep growing our soulmore truth he would reveal, as modlife, however incorrect it may be as truth, the erns see the more would measured by a more perfect standard. life ancients mental of the have been

confused; just as the truths now Genesis was therefore the "truest"docKnown to intelligences a million ages ument concerning the creation that

in advance nf us, would, were they could have been revealed to the animposed upon our intellects by divine c'ent world: and considering the class

fiat, serve only to blight our spirof souls God meant to draw together itual development. For though we for the foundation of his Church in

might hold such "truths"reverentthis dispensation, the Book of Mormon a ly, they would not be "true"to us, is aiso "true"—truer, indeed, than,-in-- more than a stone would be digesmorn perfect revelation—a revelation

tible, because held in the stomach. classic in diction and flawless as to

That only is true to any one. which scientific concepts—could possibly have

can be felt to be true; i. e., which been.

can be assimilated, and incorporated The vindication of the truth, as to with the body of his experiences. Man whether God's voice did or did not

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"609

speak to the witnesses, lies, therefore, through the medium of the Holy Spirit.

not in your dinky little verdict of exSo also of its historical relation of Joperts, but in the tremendous fact of seph Smith, Brigham Young or any the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterother of its past leaders. Their names

day Saints itself. might go into oblivion—which God forlife of the Church still go And this thought, viz., that in your bid—yet the

judgment that litle popgun of opinon.

ion had potency enough to blast down Paul points out the true source of the mighty mountain of faith in this the Church in a single phrase: "The

ancient record—a faith, mind you, power of God unto salvation,"inherbased mainly on the internal evidence: ent in each true member. Not in

of the book itself—brings me to my tenet, therefore, nor doctrine, nor orlast topic, viz., the mistaken idea you dinance, nor ceremony, nor organizaseem to have concerning the nature tion, must we look for the secret of

and constitution of the Church itself. its strength, lent in the "power of

To you "Mormonism"is evidently God unto salvation."In other words

merely a "body of belief built upon it to the Holy Spirit poured out upon [the Book of Mormon] and upon the each member.

reputation its publication gave to its Instead of its organigation making author."Perhaps it was this very it strong, the converse is more nearly

feeble estimate of its internal strength, true; its strength is what makes for a

which gave you the confidence, Don perfect organization. "And as for you,"

Quixotelike, to attack it with a single so wrote John to the early Saints, "the spear. You probably reasoned: The anointing which ye received of him

Book of Mormon is sure to fall; abideth in you, and ye need not that

and if it falls, the prophet must also any teach you; but as this anointing

fall; but as it is his reputation as a teacheth you concerning all things, andprophet which—Atlaslike—holds up is true, and is no lie, and even as it

the whole Church, that also must come taught you, ye abide in him."

down with a crash. One is constantly When each member is thus directly

tempted to smile at the way the "un- "taught of God"(see John 6:45), doderstanding"of a certain prudent man you see how incongruous it is to repwas "hid."'resent the Church as resting upon a

Permit me, my dear fellowpreacher, single pillar, and that an historical to enlighten you as to the real genius one? Nor does the Church rest upon

of "Mormonism."12 or 15 pillars—the presidency and

In a previous paragraph of this letter quorum of apostles—as is so often

I state that the Church of Jesus Christ maintained. It rests on thousands of

of Latterday Saints was in a very pillars. Indeed, every member with

definite sense independent of Joseph a testimony of the gospel is such a

Smith. The time is now opportune to pillar; and new pillars of divine grace

explain that the relation between the are going neavenward every day.

two is like that between the planter of Rather a formidable forest of colit noL?—for any man to attacka tree and the tree itself. Observe that umns—is

without the planterand his care during with the fragile spear of intellectual the early part of its life, there would negation!

have been no tree at all; nevertheless In such a broad foundation of comits life conies not from the planter but mon sense, in iruch a widely shared sufrom God; its growth may be promoted perstructure of spirtual intentions, lio

or retarded, and its fruit be scrubby or that internal strength and cohesiveluscious, according to the care it reness.

ceives from the husbandmen, but the Bishop, you expect too much from fact that it lives and bears fruit at all your little flash in the pan. And that final word with you.is due ultimately to the Creator. brings me to my purpose in hopis your ultimate What So also of the Church. It will al- "Mormonism?"overthrow ing toways stand indebted to Joseph Smith is surely not a negative one—that ofIt

both as founder and protector, but to pure destructiveness, for that would

God and to him only for the spirit brand you at once as an emissary of which is its life. Nor is this life of the "spirit that denies."

the spirit merely a collective possession Yet what have you and your secof the Church, with its voice in the tarian confreres to offer, that would in living oracles; it is likewise, or may any way compensate for the childlike

become, the peculiar endowment or and simple faith of the Latterday each member. Saints, their unfeigned trust for daily

As for the sacred books of "Mormonguidance in spiritual intuitions, and ism,"they are all profitable as sources the virile strength of the social life of truth and guides to correct living, in every ward throughout Zion?

but "should they all be taken away at Let me answer for you: All your

culonce, the Church would live on by virreligious efforts—what do they

tue of God's guidance of each member minate in?

l M PR( >VEMENT ERA 610

Chape] services! lOxquisitely, boautrowel in hand, daubing a loghouse

t i in 1 and artistic, no doubt, but.still in midwinter!

only chapel services. Oh, come out of her, my brother!

i once lor all the effete and fruit- '.Mm 'i mm"faith culminates in "MorDid,

mon"works; here is the program: less refinements of scholarship and the

"Be ye fruitful and multiply and rehigher critic ism. The truth of refelt, not reasoned plenish the earth, and subdue it"—the ligion is to be

very first command given to the race. about. Embalm and lay down gently

Yours culminates in Singing and for ever, in the mauscleums mispraising the Lord! You can't develop named chapels, a religion which at best

i nough of "works"among you to is but a Sunday veneering upon life;

gather the tithes necessary for your and come into one which is life itself!

missions, but must rely upon contri-—hornyhanded, bloodred palpitating

butions from abroad. life!

A \\<i'k ago the house of Brother You are too good a man. to be forced

'lamblin of this place, burned down. semiannually into a situation where,

Xnt a shred ol anything was saved. like the notorious Dr. Iliff, you must

\ family of 14 members was left desstuff your eastern audiences with titute and homeless. Today the roof whoppers about "Mormonism,"in order

is being put on a comfortable fourto milk them. Drop the whole acaddoomed lecottage. Bishop Hansen o.t emic, high flying outof-relation busiLoosevelt leading o"t in the splendid ness, which can never yield you diwork. This house will be finished '.n vine love and joy and the peace that

Ihree more days, and presented to the passtth understanding, drop it, and stricken family in the name of the seek the kingdom of God.

Lord. is very simple—so simple, The day after the fire nearly $200 The way

had been collected and the sisters of indeed, that I fear me milch your very the ward met at Sister Collet's as a learning will prevent you from seekit beis: "Except ye ing it. Here to clothesewing bee the famnaked children, little enas ye cannot come is of ily. That a sample the works

which demonstrate our faith. ter the kingdom of Goa."

How would any of your fashionable Do you know why our Lord chosecongregations have handled tbe sitthat figure? Here is the reason: A things to for looks little child alwaysuation? through the meHow—but disbelieve to for things believe; not pink tea!dium of a Fancy yourself.

Bishop, and a score of your immacuquite a radically different method from late fellow ministers, like our bishop that which you are just now pursuing.

and bis gang of elders at. this minute, N. L. NELSON.

clad in overalls and jumper, with Roosevelt, Utah, Feb. 3, 1913.

Rev. Spalding's Answer to Dr. Widtsoe

My Dear Doctor Widtsoe-.- have included a careful summary of

I trust you will pardon mv delay in the evidence, a thorough analysis of replying to your letter of January 11, the opinions of the scholars quoted and 1P33. In that letter you wisely adan extended series of "minute comparivised against undue haste, suggesting, sons and bibliographic researches."In

you will remember, that I should have the second place you insist that the postponed the publication of the testimony of eight scholarly witnesses pamphlet—ye u have been so kind as to is altogether insufficient, and that a

discuss—even a "year or two."You man of scientific spirit would have

will therefore, I am sure, overlook a consulted perhaps eighty competent exdelay of. not years, but weeks. perts.

If I understand your letter, and I In reply to the first of these critihave read it carefully, you criticize the cisms, T can only urge that you are pamphlet "Joseph Smith Jr. as a asking values of the writer of the

Translator"as being unscientific, and pamphlet that he does not profess to you base this opinion upon two conbe able to give. You are judging the

siderations which you urge with canpemphlet by a standard which it nodor and with spirit. You feel, in the where claims for itself. You and othfirst place that if the pamphlet is to ers who have discussed the opinions of

be given scientific standing, it should the scholars quoted, are quite as comFrom the Deseret News, March, 7, 1913.

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'611

tonetent grasp their meaning, and esJoseph F. is Smith "seer, a a revelatimate their importance as I am. tor, Had a translator a prophet, havandI attempted to harmonize the apparent ing all the gifts of God which he bediscrepancies or to explain the mythostows upon the head of the Church."

logical references, I should have been (Doc. and Cov. Sec. 107: 94; and Talassuming a degree of xearning on my mage "The Articles of the Faith,"pageown part, and of ignorance on the part 213).

of the thoughtful men the pamphlet was The test which the pamphlet "Joseph intended for which would have been Smith, Jr., as a Translator"proposes

quite unjustifiable. has become not only a test of the com-

I am at a loss to understand the petency of the First Presidency of the statement of President Joseph F. Smith Church, but also of the reliability of

in the February number of "The Imthe present head of tne churcn. I am

provement Era"that the pamphlet has sure you will appreciate as I do, the been "circulated especially among the great seriousness of the subject. Presistudents of the Latterday Saints High dent Smith frankly stakes his own

School."I have only given copies to standing as "seer, revelator, translapersonal friends, to the authorities of tor and prophet,"in a word as compeyour church, to teachers of the state tent head of the church upon the dereliable cision of acto the scholars as to thoseand asked who for copies—in conof are the translation wea word, to those I thought whom would curacy

be interested in the opinions of the sidering.

scholars cited, and whose intelligence I therefore sent to Dr. Mercer of Chi-

I did not care to question by giving cago and Dr. Barton of Bryn Mawr

explanations they were quite as capable copies of Mr. Roberts'discussion as

of making as I was myself. printed in the Salt Lake Tribune of

The pamphlet makes no pretension of Dec. 15, 1912, and the editorial in The

"17, 1912. Dr.being a scientific treatise, as you deDeseret News of Dec. reply, Mercer's read which wasfine that I andterm; and respectfully sub-

, follow? Dr. Breasted is as by amended

it ismit that it not fair to criticize for not belonging to a class it does 6th January, 1913, not pretend to belong to. It seemed 2735 Park Ave.

necessary to explain my object in seChicago, 111.

curing the judgment of scholars as to Rt. Rev. and Dear Bishop.

tillthe accuracy of the translations of the Dr. Breasted was out of town

the delay.Egyptian texts printed in "The Peari last Saturday—hence notes onof Great Price"as part of "The Book Enclosed you will find my

Of Abraham,"to give a brief account the article which you sent me. I subcf the originals and their translations, mitted the notes to Dr. Breasted and pencil he notes you which the made into full copy letters the the from will agrees the see in margin. Heexperts exactly as I secured them, and written thoroughly with I have what to honesty statein common the conto is further there nothing thinks and

clusions to which I myself had been add. He seems very much interestedled. in the matter. I saw him on Saturday

When Mr. Roberts and yourself had evening, and he says there is absolutely

called attention to the.differences in no doubt about the conclusions of the

the opinions printed in the pamphlet, scholars, but thinks it almost useless it did become my duty to try to obtain to reply. That opinion I share in genan analysis of those opinions by some eral. But in this particular case I think

competent person. you are right in following up what

I am sure you must feel that the you have already done: and I shall

whole discussion has increased greatbe glad to help you as far as my time ly 'in importance since President Joseph will permit—and I know Breasted will

F. Smith has done us the honor of be always ready to answer questions.

taking part in it. In the "ImproveNotes on B. H. Roberts'article: "Rement Era"for February he wrote as marks on 'Joseph Smith, Jr., as a

follows: "Not only do we testify that Translator'—a Plea in Bar of Final

Joseph Smith was inspired when he Conclusions."The Salt Lake Tribune,

gave to the world the Pearl of Great Sunday morning, Dec. 15, 1912.

Price, but we declare that it was by 1. To quote Mr. Roberts: "All of

the inspiration and power of God that the jury, save one, insist that the athe translated the Book of Mormon, ortempt at reproduction has been badly ganized the Church of Christ, and executed,"and to add that one's opin- 2"ave mankind the precious revelations ion though not expressed on this parcontained in the Doctrine and Coveticular point, coincides with the opinnants and it is our firm belief that sciion of the rest of the jury, and shows entific investigation and discovery will that there is, therefore, on this point confirm our testimony rather than decided unanimity.

weaken or repudiate it."As succes- 2. In answer to Mr. Roberts's quessor of Joseph Smith, Jr., President tion, "If all this be true of the alleged

612 IMPROVEMENT ERA

facsimiles, how may the learned genthe hawk of Horus. Further, as any

tlenian pronounce judgment upon mem dead Egyptian was referred to as an with b ich certainty?"it may be Baid Osiris so his soul was referred to as an

that nol one of the jury pretended to Tsis. There is therefore, here, no distranslate the poorly copied hierocrepancy. (Note by Breasted. "One

glyphics, but interpreted the figures,, man says fifty cents, another half a which are found so often in the same dollar.")

and similar groups and combinationson Egyptian papyri and inscriptions Fig. 2. Dead Person—Petrie.with explanations in the hieroglyphic, Body of the Dead—Meyer.that their true meaning is quite obDead Man—V. Bissing.

vious and constant. In addition, it is Osiris rising from the deadquite obvious that the imperfection in Breasted.

the copying of figuies does not make (Osiris coming to life—Deveria.)

their interpretation much more diffi-.Again, to the expert there is here no

cult; while imperfect hieroglyphics discrepancy. Every dead person is an

would give rise to r.iany difficulties in Osiris. Every dead person being an

translation. Osiris necessarily, according to Egypt-

3. The bad copying (though not "purian Theology, rises from the dead

posely altering"as Mr. Roberts would There is no discrepancy in referring to

try to make his readers believe the Fig. 2 both as the dead person and as

scholars to have said—but the scholOsiris rising from the dead or coming

ars were careful not to use such a to life, since as soon as embalming phrase since they hold the bad copytakes place the dead, being Osiris, ing to be due to ignorance) cannot be rises.

taken to indicate a document of a difFigure 3 Anubis Petrie ferent period in the development of Embalmer PetersEgyptian writing. We have many docOfficiating Priest Breasted

uments from alf Egyptian periods, from A priest Meyer earlier than 3,000 B. C. down, and they Priest V. Bissing

can all be read with comparative ease. (God of Anubis Deveria)

4. Because the prophet described the

original documents as "Beautifully [ Anubis is usually represented with Devc'a'swritten"there is in that no proof (as the hef>d of a jackal—Cf.

HIT \]Mr. Roberts would have his readers remark.]

believe) that Smith, or anyone else igSince Anubis is the God of embalmnorant of the Egyptian script, was able ing and conductor of the souls of th>5 to or did copy them correctly. No dead, the priestly embalmer, fig. S, is

scholar claims that Smith "purposely therefore, often represented under the altered"the hieroglyphics, but they do form of the God Anubis. Deveria is not

believe that the script was ignorantly wrong in saying that the God of Ancopied. ubis* [*That is, God Anubis.] (the

5. Alleged "disagreements among the embalmer under that form) effects

jury of savants."1. As to plate No. 2, the resurrection of the dead Osiris.

Roberts can find no disagreements. 2. (Note by Dr. Breasted "The officiating

We shall find (contrary to Roberts) Priest wears the head of a wolf or that anyone knowing the least about jackal to impersonate Anubis"). (OftenEgyptian religion and mythology can er Jackal) Mertfer.

see that there is complete unanimity in As far as the scholars thought it the interpretation of plate No. 1. necessary to interpret the other figures

Here is, in tabular form, the scholof plate No. 1, their interpretations are

ars'interpretation of Plate No. 1: correct and give no cause for misunr'r-

f tanding.Fig. 1 Hawk of Horus—Petrie.

A bird representing Isis—BreasThere is also no misunderstanding

ted. about plate No. 3, as Mr. Roberts adThe Soul (Kos)—Peters. mits. A writer, however, in the DesThe Soul—Meyer. ert Evening News of Tuesday, Dec. 17,

The Soul—V. Bissing. 1912. finds some difficulties. The cause

The layman would naturally see here as in the case of Mr. Roberts, is to be

a discrepancy. Peters, Meyer and V. found in the fact that the writer is a

Bissing call the bird "the Soul"(with layman in things Egyptian. He conthem agrees M. Deveria who calls it the fuses the interpretation of figures with

soul of Osiris under the form of a the translations of hieroglyphics; while

hawk ); [ The hawk often has a huthe translation of ignorantly copied

man head, as Deveria holds it ought to hieroglyphics is a precarious proceedhave here.] Petrie calls it the hawk of ing, the interpretation of Egyptian

Horus; and Breasted a bird representfig 'res is a comparatively simple mating Isis. The expert sees no discrepancy. It was a regular custom for the Fis ure 1 Osiris Sayce

Egyptian artist to represent The Soul Osiris Petrie under the forms of the Horus bird or Osiris Breasted "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'613

Figure 2 Isis Sayce transliteration of a foreign word is a

Isis Petrie subjective matter, to a certain extent,

Probably Isis Breasted yet there are some general rules folFigure 3 Offering Petrie lowed by all scholars. No modern

Not referred to by the other scholar would transliterate Resh, scholars. koph, yod, ain, or yod, he, vav, he, as

All would, however, agree Smith does, nor can my critic find in with Petrie. any scientific Hebrew grammar of the

Figure 4 Maat Sayce period of Joseph Smith any translitNebhat or Maat Petrie eration like Smith's. This would show,

Goddess of Truth Breasted as I stated, that Smith's transliteraAny dilettante in Egyptian knows tion "Is far from accurate."Moreover

that Maat [ Breasted does not transyod, he, vav, he, is NOT an Egyptian literate the name of the Goddess as word as Smith asserts and believed.

Ma't, as the writer would have his Further. Dr. Peters who well knows

readers understand.] is the Goddess of Egyptian and Babylonian history, does

Truth. Petrie is naturally uncertain not deny political relationship beas to whether the figure is that of tween the Egyptians and Babylonians.

Nebhat (otherwise translated NeHe. however, truly states that "The inphthys) or Maat, because of the imterpretation"of the plates "displays

perfect drawing. Nephthys (Nebhat) an amusing ignorance,"in which, in

the sister Goddess to Isis might well be the mind of Smith, the "Chaldeans and expected here, as in many other simEgyptians are hopelessly mixed toilar scenes. gether."

Figure 5 Pharaoh Fayce It is complained that the scholars

Dead person Petrie did not interpret all the figures of

A Man Breasted these facsimiles and comment upon all The writer's cavil about Sayce's use of Smith's interpretations,—-They

of the article with the; word Pharaon probably felt as I did, that their time

is not to the point..Sayce does not rewas too valuable to spend on such

fer to any "well known Pharaoh."He scientific work as that of Joseph

uses the word Pharaoh in a correct Smith's guesses. Smith's explanatory

notes "cannot be taken seriously by the word king-- use would weway—as scholar."e. "The any Pharaoh,"g. "Theas a title

King,""The Emperor."The point is SAMUEL A. B. MERCER.

is Dr. Geo. A. Barton's replythat some dead person, whether the Here

Pharaoh or any other man, is being PENNSYLVANIA SOCIETY OF THE led, in the next world, before Osiris. ARCHAEOLOGICAL INSTITUTE

Figure 6 Anubis Petrie OF AMERICA.

Shadow (of the dead) V. Bissing. Bryn Mawr, Pa., Dec. 30, 1912.

There may well arise the difference George A. Barton, Secretary.

of opinion here as to whether this Right Rev. F. S. Spalding, D. D.,

figure is Anubis or the dead man's Salt Lake, Utah.

shade, not only because of the poorMy dear Sir:—

ness of the drawing, but also because AVith reference to the explanations of the fact that both interpretations of the plates from Joseph Smith's Book are exemplified in many similar Egypof Abraham given by eminent Egypttian scenes. The point about the white ologists as quoted in your recent pamapron is again a cavil. The Egyptian phlet, JOSEPH SMITH JR. AS A

artist was no more logical in his repTRANSLATOR, and the remarks made resentations of the departed than are thereupon bv B. H. Roberts in the

modern artists. The apron, however, SALT LAKE TRIBUNE of Dec. 15th, Petrie's that believe to lead onewould editorially the and by EVEDESERET here. correct is theinterpretation more to Dec. of 17th, I beg NING NEWS article in 1o the again In reference few observations. a make Tuesof Evening News DeseretThe that, while I Permit sav me first to it be 17th, 1&12, mayday, December I of Egyptology, a smattering have ensection in his writersaid that the Egyptologist, but an Asnot an am ignores oftitled Words"Question "A syriologiitt ten Hebraist. For and easily decan scholarsthe fact that I have, however, taught Egypis or years Egyptian a wordtermine whether familiar tian history, and am fairly can be as Saycenot. a linguist Such

depended upon when he says that with the best results of Egyptological "Kolob"is not Egyptian. Neither is research. With reference to the claim

the word Semitic in the sense in which of Mr. Roberts that the opinions of the

Smith used it. The writer's criticism scholars which vou quote are invalidof my own remarks completely misses ated by their disagreement?, the folthe point. I pointed out that while Jolowing fact.3 should be noted:—

1. In Egyptian lore, Osirif? died anc*seph Smith, or his assistant, knew

SOME Hebrew, he gave evidence of was raised to life again. He becamabsolutely no knowledge of Egyptian. in time, accordingly, the representa-

I am quite aware of the fact that the tive of a life into which every dead 614 I MPRi >VEMENT KRA

man hoped to enter. Isis imparted truth so as not to wound Mormon

her life to the dead Osiris; the soul sensibilities) Joseph Smith Jr. is

had given life to the body. These shown by these examples of translapictures were differently interpreted at tion to belong to the same class of

Unas by the Egyptians themselves, faker as Dr. Cook.

and the supposed disagreements of the You are at liberty to make any use

Egyptologists consist of the Cact that of this which you please.

some have given the original interpreVery sincerely yours, tation of the symbolism, and some, the GEO. A. BARTON.

later Egyptian interpretation In reIn acknowledging the pamphlet, I reality these disagreements are simply ceived the following interesting letter marks that the scholars wrote without from Dr. John P. Peters of New York:

collusion. There is no disagreement My Dear Bishop Spalding:

in fact. When Mr. Roberts appeals I received your pamphlet promptly on

to this disagreement, he reveals the the tablets in "the Pearl of Great absolute weakness of hii case. Price"and read it with much interest.

2. He asks why, if scholars can I also, at the last meeting of the Oriread Egyptian so well, did they not ental Club, showed the pamphlet and

translate some of these plates? The told why it was written and its origifact is, the plates are so badly copied nal contents. The Orientalists were

that they are untranslatable. One can very much interested. One of those

see that it was Egyptian characters present told me that some young Morthat Joseph Smith was trying to imimons in the University of Chicago had tate, but the characters as they stand privately applied to Breasted, the do not faithfully represent any known Egyptologist, to ask him to write fully one shouldwriting. Suppose some this subject. to on same They wanted in English, Roberts somesend Mr. to published and hear the world havewhich the letters were so mingled

that only now and then they made an what an Egyptologist would say, but

English word, and half the letters they did not wish to have their names littlewere so mutilated that they were not appear in any way. Some odd

letters at all, would it be fair to confacts came out in the discussion, one like to know:clude that he could not read English which you may

20, in the explanation ofbecause he did not produce a renderOn page 1, No. 12 commences "Rauing of it? Any one of the EgyptoloPlate No.

gists quoted will, I doubt not, be glad keeyang, signifying expanse, or the to furnish Mr. Roberts a translation firmament over our heads; but in this

of the text which ordinarily appears case, in relation to this subject, the upon these texts, and he can then Egyptians meant to signify Shaumau, compare it with Joseph Smith's rento be high, or the heavens, answering dering at leisure. to the Hebrew word Shaumahyeem."

3. Had this been a genuine book of Raukeeyang is evidently a corrupt proAbraham, it would not have been nunciation of the letters Resh Koph

written in Egyptian characters at all, Yod and Ain in the sixth verse of the but in Babylonian cuneiform. That first chapter of Genesis; but the spellwas the language and script of Abraing shows that it was taken from the

ham's native land, and was the methpronunciation of a Sephardim Jew.

od of writing used in Palestine even Most Jews whom we have in this counby Egyptian governors. try today are Askenazim, who pro-

4. It is a grotesque idea that, if nounce quite differently, (the older

Abraham had originated the disc Jewish immigration which was small,which was placed under the heads of was Sephardim). Christian teachers in the later times, dead the Egyptians their Hebrew have, learned as a rule, it so have widely. usedwould Abrateachers, going Christian from other saint to no was them. deham They

spised the Asiatics. back to the period of the Reformation,

5. The suggestion that the cause and they have a more scientific and

of Mormonism is safe, because this accurate pronunciation than either sort of art appeared in Egypt only 500 Sephardim or Askenazim. Smith did

or 10 00 years after the time of Abranot get his "Raukeeyang"from a ham, is also amusing. How does it Christian teacher, or a minister taught

happen, if Abraham was the originatby a Christian teacher, but from a Jew.

or of this, that the figures in his book Incidentally it appears to be evidence do not wear the style of dress of his that he was, in his way, at that time age, but that of several centuries studyinar these old languages.

later? Did he set the fashion to the Von Rissing's suggestion, contained

Egyptians in dress as well as in reon the last page of the pamphlet, that ligion? Abraham as a modeste would Smith probably "used Athenasius Kirsurely be the Father of the Faithful sher the Jesuit's work"on Egyptian,

in a new role! approved itself to those present. InThe fact is, (I wish there were deed it was suggested by them before I

some way of stating the unwelcome had come to that passage. Kirsher's

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'615

work was not a whit more foolish or I speak as a linguist when I say that improbable than Smith's work. It was if Smith knew Egyptian and correctly

precisely because it was of such a interpreted the facsimiles which you character that, for a good while, the submitted to me, then I don't know interpretation of Egyptian hieroglyph- a 'word of Egyptian, and Erman's ics was discredited. His book had a Grammar is a fake, and all modern

wide circulation. It appealed immenseEgyptologists are deceived.

ly to half educated and uneducated In the case of Smith, we have a conpeople and repelled the better educated. crete example of one of two things—

The suggestion from that is that Smith either of his deceit, or of his selfdecep- just as honestly as Kirsher, believed tion. Scholars have proved concluthat he had found a clue and was a sively that he could not do what he

real discipherer; that, in other words,?laimed to have done. I do not queshe was not a pure fraud, but an ignortion the Mormon system, nor the type

ant, vain, selfdeluded man, who imagof character produced by Mormonism, ined he knew what he did not know. any more than I do Christianity or the

Tours faithfully, Christian character. The point in disJOHN P. PETERS. cussion is the sincerity of the founder

And may I also discuss more briefly of Mormonism. If scholars and scienyour assertion that the opposing evitific-men could prove the deception or

dence of eight scholars does not inself-deception of Christ as clearly and validate the accuracy of the only transconclusively as they can that of Joseph lations of Joseph Smith Jr. which can Smith. I should willingly accept then

be tested by modern scholarship. I decision.

sent to Dr. Mercer of Chicago a copy I am yours most sincerely and obeof the Deseret Evening News of Jan. diently,

11, 1913, containing your letter.- His SAMUEL A. B. MERCER."

romment is as follows: I must frankly say that to my adRt. Rev. and Dear Bishop. mittedly unscientific mind the judg-

I have read Dr. Widtsoe's letter in ment of eight witnesses seems sufThe Deseret Evening News. Jan. 11, ficient to establish the meaning of the

and while I have respect for any Hai Egyptian text. If I were in doubt as

vard man (I am also one), yot his letto the meaning of some language unter, like all others on the subject, is known to me and eight linguists of not convincing to any Egyptologist. international reputation agreed subHe asks why only eight Egyptologists stantially as to its translation, I should

were approached. If he knew anycertainly feel that I had tne meaning

thing about linguistic work of the naof the text. If I found a plant whlcn

ture of hyeroglyhics he would, not ask I could not classify, or a mineral I such a question, for any ancient lincoulc not name, and eight scientists in guist knows that the unanimous testieight universities independently agreeo.

mony of eight scholars is the same as as to the plant and mineral, I should that of eighty and eight. This is esfeel that I need inquire no further.

true,pecially shown, as I have already noticed that the you have No doubtthat Egyptologist to an there was of experts been increased has abnumbersolutely no discrepancy in the replies to eleven. M. Deveria, whom I hadof the scholars. hesitated to quote because he was deDr. Widtsoe questions your method scribed as a"young savant,"has beenof scholars. to the case presenting A editorial of writer the the accepted by

I it. to merely understood wished you opinhis and News"Evening "Deseret in whether, Egyptologists fromknow to above Dr. shows Mercer ion which theirtheir (after comparing judgment that with agreement substantial in be of Egyptianown with knowledge in full in printed experts other the of inhis revealed Smith'sJoseph as by 1913. 4, conThe of January issue theterpretation of the facsimiles), Smith firmatory judgment of Dr. E. A. W. of language the Egyptian enoughknew most was the British Museum of Budge scholars Allto texts. translate the of Deto the News contributed kindly viz.: that conclusion, the to samecame F. Wells. Junius 19,1912 by Mr. cember correctly possibly could notSmith regret that express letter you your In his text,translate Egyptian as any given, not opinion was Lythgoe's Dr. shows. facsimiles of theinterpretation satiswith noted have must vou but show would pupil of mine whoAny Times"York "The that New factionsuch absolute ignorance of Egyptian published a 29th 1912, December of expossibly does, could notas Smith general Lythgoe's of Dr. statement exin zero anpect than to get more scholars. otner the with agreement in Egyptology.amination discussviews were Bgvntologist's This well is of Egyptology science The in the D., Ph. C. Webb, Robert ed by is who knows one asestablished any January of.News Evening Deseret great Grammar the withacquainted

of Erman, a 3rd Ed. of which appeared 19th, 1913.

in 1911. The number of opinions before us is

616 IMPROVEMENT ERA

therefore not eight, but eleven, and shall review the history of the growth the question upon which we seem to of science, and shall judge men by differ is as to the value of the practithe record that they have left behind cal agreement of eleven admittedly them, he will place Joseph Smith as competent Orientalists. the greatest philosopher of science of

If I am to convince you that there the nineteenth century, and possibly of is conclusive value in the testimony the twentieth."

adduced, my argument must be AD May I remind you that the man

HOMINEM, a method of argument whom you thus describe, when he not always legitimate, and yet in the wished to give the world testimony use of which you have yourself set me to the importance and accuracy of a an example. In 1908 you published a literary production, did not secure

bonk entitled "Joseph Smith as eighty witnesses, but eleven! You will

Scientist."The book expresses not remember that Joseph Smith Jr.,

only your own deliberate judgment, whom you describe as the greatest hut that of the committee "appointed scientific philosopher of modern times, by the First Presidency to read the relied on eleven witnesses to the Book manuscript."In this important volume, of Mormon.on page 161, you write as follows:—Yours Faithfully

"When the historian of future days F. S. SPALDING.

Dr. Widtsoe's Reply to Rev. Spalding

RT. Rev. F. S. Spalding, D. D. In your book you state with a numSalt Lake City. ber of reasons that "If the Book of My dear Dr. Spalding:—Mormon is true, it is, next to the

Did not Job say "Oh that mine adBible, the most important book in the versary had written a book?"I fear world."The importance of the inquiry

that this ancient bit of wisdom will is nowhere minimized by you. Morecome home to some of us who are over, in your dedication "To my many

engaged in the public disMormon friends, who are as honest cussion of the authenticity of searchers after the truth as he hopes is dedicatedthe Book of Abraham. Yet, I he is himself—this book

am really pleased that you found both by the Author"you certainly imply time and inclination to answer, as you that this tremendously important indid in yesterday's Deseret Evening quiry which may double the written

News, my letter of last January comfoundations of the Christian faith is to menting on your book, Joseph Smith, be conducted in the fullest spirit of

Jr., as a Translator. It seems to prove strict truth. In no other manner could

that you are not faltering in your efit be pursued by an honest man.

forts to satisfy yourself as to the By your own words concerning the truth or falsity of "Mormonism."May great importance and the spirit of

I add that you can not be any more the inquiry, nothing short of a sciendetermined than I am to know the tific, i. e., a truly systematic and extruth, the whole truth, of "Mormonhaustive, investigation could be tolerism."Let us have the truth! ated. Whether Joseph Smith was in

I have twice read your letter. With error is, according to your own rearegret, for I would not wound your soning, of lit tie import in comparison

feelings, I am obliged to say that I with the great gift to Christianity could am still unconvinced that you have the Book of Mormon be shown to be proved, even remotely, that the true. In your letter you reiterate this

Prophet Joseph Smith erred in his thought, for by the accuracy of the translations of the illustrations printprophet's translation of the hieroglyphed in the Pearl of Great Price. ics you would try the Prophet, the

In fact your letter seems to me to Book of Mormon, the whole weaken your case exceedingly. system of "Mormon"belief

I noted, also regretfully, that your and the successors in office of letter while directed to me is really the Prophel, including the present a blanket answer, especially to the president of the Church. Surely, a

comments on your book by Prest. Josane person was justified in expecting a

seph F. Smith. Elder B. H. Roberts scientific, i. e., a systematic and exand Editor J. M. Sjodahl. These men haustive, examination of this subject

have certainly made forceful objectwhich you had chosen to explain to the ions to your conclusion, but mine are world.

very real to me. and I should have

been pleased had you replied to them T was amazed, therefore, to read in one by one. your letter, your vigorous refusal to

have your book classed as scientific *From The Deseret News, March 8, 1913. and your denial of any intent to con-

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'617

duct such an inquiry. May I ask then, ing the striking similarities between

with all respect, in what class does Joseph Smith's translation and your your book belong and what was really eight opinions.

your intent? This inquiry you claim 8. That you disregarded the possible

to be of transcendent importance to internal evidences of the Book of the Avorld. If you were sincere in this, Abraham in support of the Prophet's

and I shall not question it, you certranslation. <

tainly would not be ready to pronounce 9. That you were silent on the whole

final judgment on the basis of eight vital matter of Egypt an:l Abraham.

or eleven letters written in answer to, 10. That you, probably unintentiononly Heaven knows, what questions ally, prejudiced your witnesses.

you propounded. I am half annoyed to 11. That your eight letters are not

think that you would ask your "Moreven remotely studies of the matter mon"friends to give attention to an under investigation.

inquiry so superficially conducted. 12. That you accepted at their face

Meanwhile I am gratified that you value letters that are clearly prejudiced agree with the charge I made that the and illtempered.

argument was not scientific. I submit these reasons to you again,

it, they completely vitiYou cannot mean it. If you intended for, as I view

only to place on permanent record the ate your argument. You must give the

eight letters in your possession, you subject a thoroughly scientific examhave no argument. Some one else ination before you can expect a fully

must continue the work that you have respectful hearing. You can not ask

only hinted at. You claim that you are every reader, as you suggest in your

incompetent for want of special letter, to do this work for himself. You

learning to make an inquiry, such have publicly chosen to do the labor, as I suggested. If so, you should not you must in justice to yourself and in

have undertaken it. But I know, as fairness to the readers, complete it. to noticedo all your friends, that your long Meanwhile, I am very glad

years of training and your lifelong that, in your letter you make answer to 1 stated. charges 4 as and abovescholarly habits make you eminently will your I hope others give you theable to pursue such inquiry an to the early attention. itend. though require may many Dr. Mercer's to harmonize attemptyears. Are the dodging you demand the the differences apparent among thisthat inquiry you make honest an is it goes, jury far very fair, as and so

search after truth? If so, you will very satisfactory. I snail not allow

tempt your friends to believe you inmyself to be drawn into any discussion sincere. You have undertaken the work, of the meaning of Egyptian hieroand have asked us to accept certain glyphics, which you have agreed to

conclusions. You must now round up make clear to us.

the investigation and make the conAs a layman, though an educated clusions convincing. and, I hope, an intelligent layman, who

When I commented on your book has spent the larger part of his life in you will recall that I took no issue research in another difficult departques- Egyptologists. I did thewith of I science, ment impressed not am investigation, the of thetion method that conclusion your received has main- your that was workand claimed terial letters of Drs. support the from conclusion unwaryourcomplete and Mercer, These Peters. Barton and (the reasons following theranted for in giving scholars agree you a meevening was too short to enumerate chanical and somewhat antiquated inothers)several plates terpretation of of small part a of opinions the secured you 1. That 3. 1 that they frankly and admit They in scholars the somewhat eightonly little plate can or with nothing doinexact field of Egyptology when many 2. exscholars to attempt not Your do available. weremore is, their plates, to exhibit plain the that there was evidence of an un- 2. That symbolism and their probable historical scientific haste to get into print.

3. That you accepted without quesderivation so that they may be used

tion the authority of your small jury. to test the translation which the proph-

4. That you ignored the evident difet made of them as emphasized in If, for arguferences in the opinions of the memthe Book of Abraham.

bers of the jury. ment's sake, we say that your scholars

5. That you failed to make minutt- 'agree and are correct in their intercomparisons of the figures and script pretation of the figures in plates 1 and

in the hieroglyphics in the Pearl of 2, it would not be difficult to reconcile

Great Price with similar figures and their version with that of the prophet.

script in the museums of the world. Suppose a photograph of Woodrow

6. That you virtually denied the Wilson's inauguration should be handsymbolical meaning of all Egyptian ed down to posterity. Four or five

"funeral inscriptions. thousand years hence the picture mighi

7. That you refrained from mentionbe interpreted to be a scene of the in618 IMPROVEMENT ERA

auguration ni'.1 prcsidonl of the United understand its message? Would it be

States hi the twentieth century, as four possible to find a scholar who could schola is ha \ e Interpreted I he plates of i ass a scholarly opinion on this subject the Book of Abraham; or, as;i scene of without taking a ding at "Mormonism"

a particular president, Woodrow Wilof which it is evident your jurymen son, as the prophet did In the notations know nothing? Frankly, I am heartily

to the hieroglyphics; or, the scene could ashamed for the sake of scholarship, of

be used as the basis of a discussion of some of the letters that you have pubthe government, conditions, education, lished. If the authors write bocks and

history and Ideals of a great and magteach classes in the same spirit, will soon be held in connificent nation—the method used by the scholarship

prophet in the text of the Book of tempt. Don't you think that the spirit

Abraham. All three interpretations of the whole inquiry is summed up by

is comwould be correct, but the first would be Dr. Mercer when he says, "It

easy, mechanical and unsatisfactory. I plained that scholars did not interpret

repeat that something more must be all the figures of these facsimiles an-.!

all of Smith's interpredone than to label a few of the figures comment upon feel"as I did, Osiris, Isis or Anubis before Joseph tations,—they probably

Smith can be placed in "the same class that their time was too valuable to of fakers as Dr. Cook."You, yourself spend on such scientific work as that

letmust do something more than to collect of Joseph Smith's guesses."In my

letters; n this controversy. The real reter to you, I said that such was the

sults Of men's scholarship are found in feeling of your jurymen. And that

their written books, scientific papers is your honest search after the truth and formal addresses. The method tht of a matter second in importance to

you have pursued in this inquiry io the Bible! To the acceptance of such

dangerously like that employed by Dr an inquiry you have invited your "Mormon"friends! Cook in his "discovery"of the north But why continue the guessing? pole.

will Egyptologists respectfully When proit while I might worth Were and thoroughly in plates the examine list of questions. For endless an pound the Pearl Price of Great render and Dr. that observe you instance: Did their translations script, of figures and witnesses the Barton, Dr. and Mercer as best can. they that even "badly witnesses, not agree? for To one do the copied,"in full light of and religion the is absolute: figures the the of meaning of it ancient will Egypt, to deal time be historical it the to with varies the other their with findings seriously. has This period. not yet done. been

it Mr. that Deveria from can be How have the You done to honor send me that they to imply Dr. Barton, some a I. of copy letter to Dr. Mercer. my hieroglyphics the to read able are too, have respect for any man. Harvard difficulty, easily; only and with others especially for one has attained the who all? a at not laymansome As my disscholarship Dr. of I Mercer. the know it is trust possible be awakened. Can training Harvard well to tell enough sat that this learned jury not has will call in you if you on Dr. Mercer glasses dicdown magnifying with and person for full and ask the truth, he tionaries out as to work much as poswill tell as you told I have that you, hieroglycopied sible of the "badly"your research the under heading Jophics, of interpretation safe the upon seph Jr., Smith, is as Translator a of for Christianity sowhich good much thoroughly unscientific. spirit of The it i> Is possible these rests? men the Jesuit Kirsher, several retimesscience lightly this dealing with are ferred to by the jury of Egyptologists,mighty subject? occasionaly enters into the best of us is such hovdarkness Egyptian Why even in this late and enlightened day.ering translation the over 2? of Plate spirit The loose of of your methodsIs it that probable Egyptologists can inquiry is well shown in your sumnot so stated. If read have it? Some mary disposition of first charge, my of figures set not canone read, be may that you secured the opinions of only suggested others that it be as yet may eight scholars in the inexact somewhat poorlybe says understood? or has Who field of Egyptology, when manv moresaid that the wrote of Abraham Book were available. this To ansimplv you in Egyptian?Abraham wrote Abraham swer that eleven of Egyptian men in Ithe book, language what but think learning have labeled approximately in his knows.none Even scribes day alike, the main figures in 1 Plates and linguists existed. no doubtand Besides 2; eleven witnesses, only, testified might have knownAbraham more than publicly to having seen and handled very language.one ordinary peoSome the plates from which of the Bookple of or four. three today know Do Mormon was your this inquiry not translated—hence think would prosyou i jury s l?rge 'it enough. Certainlv', is ifper prejudiced your more jury could an unexpected tribute that to yon pav to read induced thebe Book of Abrathe authority of Joseph I Smith carefully really to and learnham should be interested to just know

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"619

how far you are willing to submit to only partial evidences of the genuinethe example of the "Mormon"prophet. ness of the Book of Mormon. In fact,

The witnesses to the Book of Morin ''Mormon"literature you will find mon testify that they saw and han- a whole host of other evidences, held dled the golden plates. Your jury of equal value with the testimonies of

testify to the accepted inferences conthe witnesses. The book itself gives

cerning matters submerged in the the supreme test. Have you read it?

twilight of antiquity, into which new Have you tried it? It can do no harm:

light is daily being thrown, often to "And when ye shall receive these the destruction of former inferences. things, I would exhort you that ye

Assuming, if you will permit me, that would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the two sets of men are equally honest, the name of Christ, if these things are which evidence possesses the higher not true; and if ye shall ask with

degree of credibility? Eleven men a sincere heart, with real intent, havcould scarcely disagree on the big fact ing faith in Christ, he will manifest

that they saw and handled a series of the truth of it unto you, by the power metallic plates covered with inscripof the Holy Ghost."(Book of Mortions, though they might vitally disamon, Moroni: 10: 4).

gree on the minor matters of the exact I received and read your hook on size of the plates, the nature of the "Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"

inscriptions or the quality of the metal. with the love of truth in my heart.

On the other hand, eleven or eleven After giving the matter considerable hundred men might disagree fundathought I wrote you as I had prommentally on inferences concerning ised, my candid opinion of it, and pointthings and conditions of the past which ed out the great flaw which to my mind by the of invalidated your conclusion—that slavishly I specified 12 superficiality. carelessneverpresent—unlessmay be knownindeed directlythey

follow some high authority, to wlKCh reasons, as above summarized, for my they should be subjected for examinaview, and 12 others are waiting to be tion. The only big agreement among presented when the first lot have beenyour jury is with respect to the general disposed of. In reply you ignore 10 of of Plates 2 and the meaning insisting book that your reasons by is my use of Plate 3—and 1thisandagreement a to be not pretend does and is not not based on tangible facts like the thoroughgoing search after truth. You handling of material things or the conagain present letters from three scholnected logical steps of thought that ars—how you must revel and riot in lead to certainty. the effulgence of letter writing authorMuch as I dislike to disagree with ities—to support your contention that

you, I must insist that eleven witthe jury of Egyptologists is fully nesses, especially since they admit agreed. You have added very little to their examination is cursory, and are your contention. You then proceed to

it extensive, to are unwilling make in jury, your that criticism not meet my sufficient settle to that this question the of importance great the of view prepast. I will uncertain roots in the growuncertain and the and subject dict that if your jury be ening field of Egyptology, should have freed prejudice larged, from are there that saying larger, by been to into asked the go and wit11 only jury and in your 11 men figures, script question of whole all and of Mormon, to the Book nesses in light the of names, the and Book knowledge the of common face in that will surgreatly of be Abraham, you of Mormon the Book although that If prised. such examination thorough a the handled and actually saw witnesses point to of correctness the should Joone only are testimonies their plates, as work, Smith's be would seph you of truth the establishing in of many to willing the enter "Mormon"base you whereas of Mormon, the Book to I as suggest be should Church you or unwilling 11 your upon everything it turn should leave examination the chosen have witnesses. You prejudiced the against prophet's correctness? first and my comparison, the wrong your of the. Moreover, you make use intact. stands charge different is vastly testimonies eleven You begun. been only has work Your the or Prophet the that from made by must or you defeat admit either must for testimonies eleven the of Church, it leave If you end. the to it on carry your rest of Mormon. You the Book the of historian the is now, it where writlightly eleven case your on whole side, whatever on controversy, Mormon said. Your can be reoorts. more ten No high. you place cannot authority pointed of reverence childlike write now. let me before, I wrote As life has for you: I is envy sublime! when outcome of the fear no I have anof habit the upon me fastened subjected is Prophet the Smith Joseph matter, vital every myself, for alyzing, inquiry the but examination, fair to any from authority the of irrespective truth. after search honest an be must it proceeds. which Sincerely, of testimonies the "Mormon"the To A. WIDTSOE. JOHN but important are witnesses eleven the

620 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Word "Kolob"

BY J. M. SJODAHL, EDITOR OF THE "DESERET NEWS"

According to the Book of Abraham, a that the motion observed is not aimtranslation of which was given to the less. The stars are not floating about

world by the Prophet Joseph Smith, at random, but they are "governed"the system of worlds to which our globe by the same law which our planets and the nearest orbs belong is "govand their satellites obey. So far science

erned"by a great central sun, first has come to accept as true the revelain the order of creation and located tions given in the Book of Abraham.

near the throne of God. This great The following is a brief and clear

world, the Book of Abraham informs statement of the scientific view. It is

us, rotates around its axis in a period by Joseph L. Barfoot, quoted by George

oi time equal to a thousand of our Reynolds, in his commentary on tin years, and this is "a day"according Book of Abraham, page 32:

to the celestial measurement of time. "The Earth rotates on its axis, and

In other words, the Book of Abraham moves in its orbit by the power imteaches that as'the moon revolves parted to its mass by the solar forces; the deflective force from the line of the

around the Earth, being "governed"by sun's motion, produced by the sun's roit, and as the Earth and the other tation on its axis, and its progression planets with their satellites, move around the center of momentum of the it belongs. And, sincearound the sun, so our sun and many systemneither tothewhichEarth, any other nor body

other suns revolve around another cenof matter, has power without motion, ter, and so on, until we come to the so. in the sun's great power we have

great center around which the entire evidence of its progressive motion. The rotation of the sun of more than 6,900

cluster of stars which form our part feet per second would demand a velocof the universe revolves. ity of progression of over 26,000 feet

The name of this great center is per second. Herschel, by observation, was led to conclude that 'the sun,

"Kolob."somehow, moved toward Hercules with

The wonderful astronomical truth the velocity of the Earth, of 100,000 here revealed was barely suspected by feet per second, and to infer that the actually sun describes orbit a greata. few of the most advanced scientists around center.'undiscriminated some

at the time the Book of Abraham was Sir R. Philips analogically estimated

published. Generally the stars were the size of this orbit, and announced

called "fixed"and our sun was supthattrifugalwithforce,equalit wouldcentripetalrequireandan orbitcenposed to be a "fixed"star. Now opinof 162,865 millions of miles, performed

ions have changed. It is known that in exactly 25,868 years,, the period of

the stars are in motion through space. the precession of the equinoxes. And as the earth and the other planets of

It is known, for instance, that the this system rotate by reason of the bright double star Capella is receding central solar motion, and turn on their from us at the rate of about twenty axes by being deflected from a right line in their respective orbits, Philips miles a second, or more than a million has shown that the sun and all other miles a day. Arcturus is thought to be planets rotate, as a result of the opapproaching us at the rate of five miles eration of the same law of motion, and the fact that all its satellites movea second. Vega and its companion in elliptical (eggshaped, to be exact)

star are approaching us at the rate of orbits shows that the solar center is thirtyfive miles a second, and they advancing."

seem to mark the point in space, or But it has been asserted that the very nearly so, toward which our solar word "Kolob"is unknown to the Egypsystem is traveling. And although the tian language. We confess our inability

orbits of the larger heavenly luminaries to perceive how that assertion can be are too vast for human measurement, oroved, notwithstandingthe fact that or calculation, it is a logical conclusion it has the support of so great an au-.

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"621

thority as Dr. A. H. S'ayce; of Oxguages and a source of information

ford university. It may not be found in concerning the meaning of Semitic

any inscription, or text, so far exwords. Now it happens that in this

amined by the scientists, but that does branch of the Semitic languages the not prove that it was never used by word "Kolob"has been retained to this

Egyptians. Some scrap of literature in clay with the very meaning clearly ataddition to the Book of Abraham may tached to it in the Book of Abraham.

yet be discovered in which the word The verb is "qalab,"which means to occurs. "turn."The noun "qalb"means

As an illustration. Dr. Michael Rus- "heart,""soul,""center,""core,"etc.

sell, who wrote his book about Egypt, But the plural of "qalb'is "qulob"(or in the year 1831, notes that at that "qolob"), and this is th very name time the numerals from 13 to 20 and given to the great Center of our part from 60 to 100, in the demotic form of the universe. We append a photoof notation, had not been determined graphic reproduction of part of a page

by actual discovery. But who would of the dictionary by Messrs. S. Kassab

say that those numerals, because not and G. Hamman, containing the word

actually discovered at that time, were with its English equivalents. We have

foieign to the Egyptians? Neither Dr. spelled the word in this paragraph with

Sayce, nor anybody else, would stake a ''')"because we believe it is the his reputation on such a proposition. most common custom of so rendering

Why do so in the case of the word the Arabic letter "qof,"but that let- "Kolob?"There is no complete list of ter is also called "kaf,"and it would

words of any of the very ancient lanhave been equally correct to render it gu ages. with a "k."There is another ''kaf,"

But, let us suppose that the word though, in the Arabic alphabet, and it in question is not of Egyptian origin. is customary, we believe, to render one

Indeed, it is very probable that it is with "q"and the other with "k."

net. Is that any argument against the

genuineness of the Book of Abraham?

Abraham spoke a Semitic language

The revelation contained in his Book oTX J& concerning the construction of the universe was given to him before he went jiLa Heart; soul, -rUu3.\ i 7-7T 1

to Egypt. (Pearl of Great Price, page rt mind, secret thought;

61.) Naturally, therefore, the names of centre, core; kernel; best

the stars were revealed to him in his;, nd purest pnrt, essence.

own language. The question of interInversely t>.

est to us now is whether "Kolob"is a In reAc) pXj \$ 3.V.

Semitic word, properly used in the con- 'e w ron nection in which it occurs. One learned

scholar, Dr. Mercer, asserts with a Our learned critics have realized the

great deal of confidence that it is not importance of this controversy. They

it is Egyptian; "neither is it Semitic,"he. are aware of the fact that when

adds, "in the sense in which Smith proved that the names which occur in used it."Is that true? This authorthe Book of Abraham are true Semitic,

ity is rather positive. But with equal or Egyptian words, correctly used, they

assurance we make the counter asserwill be compelled by the force of logic tion that the word is Semitic and propto accept as true the claim of the Laterly used, and, furthermore, that the terday Saints as to the inspiration of

Prophet Joseph is not responsible for the translator, and the genuineness and its occurrence in the book of which authenticity of the books he reprohe is but the translator. And this we duced. There is no escape from this

hope to prove. conclusion. For the Prophet Joseph

The Arabic is, next after the Hebrew, was not a scholar, in the generally the most important of the Semitic lanaccepted meaning of that word, any 622 1M I'ROVEMENT ERA

more than was Peter or John. With- 1 be closely related in origin and develout the light of inspiration Illuminating opment.

his mind ho would never have been Kolob, according to the Book of ahle to discover the truths revealed In A Inn ham, is a group of stars. The

the writings he was instrumental in name is therefore plural, for the same giving to the world. reason that we use the plural form of

But the word "Kolob"is plural, and the word "Pleiades."

this fact deserves special attention. In We have in these paragraphs, conthe Book of Abraham we read: sidered only the word "Kolob."There

are others which are very clearly were they that stars, the T saw "And was Semitic. "Libnah"is Hebrew, and also of them one that great, and very

nearest unto the throne of God; and Arabic. The verb is "laban."which

there were many great ones which were means "to be white."ft is found in near unto it; and the Lord said unto

me, These are the governing ones; and "Lebanon,""Libnah,"and many other

the name of the great one is Kolob."words in the Semitic languages, and,

what is of peculiar interest to us, it is That is to say, as we read it, Kolob said to occur in the Egvptian in the is not a single star, but an aggregaform "labitu."(Gesenlus Hebreishes tion of stars, one of which is nearest

unto the throne of God, and all of und Arameisches Handwoerterbuch.)

which together form the "great one"—"Elkanah"is Hebrew. "Korash"may

Kolob; for "these are the governing be the Egyptian "Kerasher,"and

ones."And that is the reason why the "Mahmackrah"may be a variation

word is plural. It stands for a pluralof the Egptian "maka-ra,"meanity of stars in the great star center. ing, we understand, "truth, the life of

The name then is analogous to the Ha."The Egyptians, in the early period,

Hebrew "mayim,"or "shamayim,"had the habit of using superfluous letjr "Elohim,"all of which are plural ters in their writings. They would

forms, denoting respectivJy a plurality represent the world "pyramid,""mer."

of lake, or oceans, of water,"of for instance, with sighs which might "heavens,"and of persons in the Godbe read "mermer"instead of "mer."

head. In the same way the word "babau,"

Here, then, we have another great "hole,"is found with a "ba and an astronomic truth indicated, which was "a"too many. This may account for

not known at the time this book was the duplication of "Ma"in "mahmacktranslated. Astronomers now tell us rah,"but this suggestion is offered

that the spectroscope has revealed the merely as an hypothesis.

fact that many of the brightest stars There is one peculiarity about the are double, consisting of one sun rework of God, both in nature and in volving around another, and that the revelation, and that is that the closer group of stars known as the Pleiades they are examined the more wonderful consists of a great many large stars. they appear in beauty, in perfection, in

How far distant this beautiful constelfullness. It is so in nature. The most

lation is from us is not known. All that humble flower, the most insignificant

scientists can tell us is that it takes animal, no less than the brilliant star the light two or three hundred years cluster, contains inexhaustible materia] to reach us from that part of the unifor study and contemplation. It is so

verse, or perhaps more, though it travwith the Bible. Every text is a gem,

els at the rate of 1S6,400 miles a second. every chapter a treasure. It is the

But by means of photography it has same with the Book of Mormon, the been ascertained that there are over Pearl of Great Price, and the Doctrine 3,000 stars in that group, where the and Covenants. Every part of these

naked eye can see only six or seven records contains some evidence of their

They all have the same general movedivine inspiration. To the student who

ment in the heavens, and by the fact examines them with a heart open to that they are all of one type, the truth they are full of informaiton.—

"Sirian,"it is thought that they must Deseret News.

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR, AS A TRANSLATOR"623

As to Accuracy

There is, perhaps, no book published that is entirely free from typographical errors, and so readers have learned to excuse these to some extent. In the case of "Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator,"

an inquiry conducted by Rev. F. S. Spalding, D.D., there are many

errors of this class, and some of these it is difficult to overlook as mere typographical errors. They smack of carelessness in copying

or proofreading, and confirm the criticisms that have been made that the author's "inquiry is shown to have been of the loos'est scientific

Apostle George Q. Cannon published, m [888, "The Life

of JosephySmith the Prophet,"ami hiacouml of the Book of Abraham gives further evidence—most valuable as coming from one who was intimately acquainted with the

feelings of his fellow churchmen—that the translation we

are considering was believed by Joseph Smith, Jr., and his

contemporaries to have been given him by revelation and inspiration

"While ToseprtXmith. had been laboring in Kirtland,

journeying to and from Missouri, teaching his brethren and / being taught of God, there were zomiasSto him, from one "inmBt/tsPtA of the catacombs of Egypt, the writings of Father Abraham O

the 7th}of January. 1831, a French traveler and I Ctt/)/ uJi4>oLti\—*unt<3 [and "Onof Josephtbx, governor otEgypt. -—- -j-Oy ff'explorer penetrated the depths of a catacomb near the Iff"

site of ancient Thebes. It had cost him time and treasure

J* I and influence to make the entrance. After securing the

/ license to make\lij. researches, he employed more than

Q- / fourjiund red men for a period of some months to make the..

necessary excavatiofTs>. When he was able at last to sta.y. -j-4ra/yuij J

within this multiplied tomb, he found several hundred mummies; but only eleven of them were in such a state

** ftji f that they could be removed. He carried them away, but

/ cTied ori\{he voyage to Paris. By his will the mummies

J were bequeathed to Michael H. Chandler, his nephew, and

77 in search of this gentleman they were sent through Ireland / r -ft and finally across the sea. Alter two years'yfjwanderingk lf

they found their owner. Hoping to discover some treasure

of precious stones or metals, Mr. Chandler opened the

coffins or embalming cases. Attached to two of the bodies

were rolls of linen preserved with the same care and apparently by the same method as the bodies. Within the linen

coverings were rolls of papyrus bearing a perfectly preserved record in black and red characters,, carefully formed.

With other of the bodies were papyrus strips bearing * epitaphs and astronomical calculations. The learned men

of Philadelphia and other places flocked to see these representatives of an ancient time, and Mr. Chandler solicited n

wisest the the characters. of Even their translation of some

of a ing ve.rv-W interpret able to the mean J/, O were only them/jTrVvrfrsilf

discovered the very the moment/fie"- From xoW. jp jO/pOM/ ii -lw'As'SnsJ.&P lived in the 'that a r/rophet heard had | Mr. Chandler7 *WiS3!lJ&tS

-—languages languages andanu revaJ tjjmgs->-/reveaijjmgs/- strangestrange /whowho couldcould aecipnerdecipher t*pA '". all the learneclyjaejinThaving with / /TMenY'iS)yiAi]mg a parted with seven of the mummies and some few "strips of

papyrus, bearing astronomical figures, he finally reached

624 M I'koVEMENT ERA

nature."There are few quotations in the whole pamphlet free from

errors, some of which are quite material; for example, on page 16, in

the statement of the Prophet Joseph relating to the presentation of the characters to Prof. Anthon the word "Egyptain"is omitted in

the professor's description of the characters. Two pages of the

pamphlet are herewith presented showing the errors that occur in a quotation from Cannon's "Life of Joseph Smith the Prophet."If

our author displays such carelessness in reproducing quotations from a printed page, how are we to know that he has quoted his own authorities correctly from their manuscripts, or that he has presented the case to them correctly and without prejudice?

KirtlaiKl ited fiimseli and \s it h the r r.'iilif't. miller inspiration of the A

tfic\ writings to.Mr. Chandler's

learned men of Philadelphi rk coincided with then lit, Mr. Chandler wrolt:

to this effect.

Later, somel friends of the I'rophet purchased the four mmic s, with the writings. Joseph engaged assiduously

interpret from the rolls and strips of papyrus. The /—to

result of his labor was to give to the world a translation of the Book of Abraham. This book was written by the

hand of Abraham while he was in Egypt, and was preserved by the marvelous dispensation of Providence through all the mutations of time and the dangers of distance, to reach the hand of God's Prophet in this last dispensation.

By this record the Father of the Faithful makes known what the Lord Almighty had shown to him concerning the things that were before the world was; and he declares

that he did penetrate the mysteries of the Heavens even unto Kolob, the star which is nearest the throne of God.

} the Eternal One. * * * At the time when Joseph, aided

by theTnspiration of the Almighty, was enabled to make t 22se"Tne grandesttranslations,sciences,he whilewas studyinghe was alsoancientimpartinglanguagesinstrucand tion in the school of the brethren at Kirtland. that others

than himself might have their minds fitted to grasp the sublimities of truth in theology and history and the laws.(Bhgoverning the Universe."li That the prophet most sincerely believed in the authenticity of the Book of Abraham and the correctness of its

translation, the testimony of Mr. T. B. FI. Stenhouse, an unfriendly critic, is of value. After treating the subject at

some length, he concludes:

"The author, notwithstanding, still clings to the assertion that Joseph believed sincerely that he was inspired, and the pride with which he gave this translation to the world supports that conclusion."l*

12. The Life of Joseph Smith the Prophet, by Ceorjre Q. Conr

itruetor Office. Salt Lake City, Utah, 18SX, pages 187188.

18. "Rocky Mountain Saints. "pajje 520.

'.: 'Customs and Legends of Utahilndians

BY ENOCH JORGENSEN, PRINCIPAL JORDAN HIGH SCHOOI I- Utah's Policy in Dealing with Indians

Some one has said, "The only good Indians are the dead ones,"and ignorance has so often repeated this falsehood that the uninformed are apt to regard it as a truism. One might with as

much truth say that 'The only true Christians, in the world's history, are those that have been burned at the stake;"but

even John Huss on the funeral pyre exhibited no more courage than the Amerind who willingly laid down his life in defense of right as he understood it, and the world will yet acknowledge that "Poor Lo"was fully as nojla as his merciless conqueror. Dallenbaugh says:

"He possessed a high quality of intellect, and he differed from his white antagonist more in external complexion than in any other particular, except his social organization. * * * * But the

Amerind ha'd the same emotions.

He loved his home, his family and

A TYPE OF WESTERN INDIAN his people. As to honesty and

dishonesty, the balance was not far from even On the whole he was not worse than the European who brought him degradation. * * * * Love of home and defense of

country are ever extolled as of the highest merit in the White race; in

the American native they were, and are still, usually looked upon as crimes."And what Dallenbaugh says of the western Indian in general may with as much truth be said of the intermountain tribes, even of the despised Utes and Pai Utes, or Piutes, as they are often called.

Tribes and Peoples All tribes of Utah Indians, except those of the extreme southeastern part of the state, are subtribes of the great division called 626 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Shoshones; but within the present confines of Utah, the Utes and

Piutes wore the principal tribes. Tooelas, Timpanogas, Uintas,

Sanpitches, Kanoshones, and some other clans, belonged to the

Utahs, or Utes, while the tribes further south, except those of the San Juan country, are usually classed with the Piutes. The

Navajos of the southeastern part of the state, together with the Mokis and other peoples of the Colorado plateau region, are classed in the great division Puebloan, the term in this case being used not to designate people with a similar language, but with similar culture and social organization.

The two general divisions in Utah were so closely allied that in any war with the settlers they would lte Indians unite under one chief, After Contact with Civilization, as frequently if need be, and they seen in the Salt Lake Valley and upper frequently intermarValleys of Utah ried. As is the case with most primitive peoples, the local Indians

were clannish, and the children belonged to the mother's clan.

Adoptions were common, and between Utes and Piutes lines were not so strictly drawn.

Slavery

Slavery was practiced in early days by all local natives, and by Spanish traders who made it a regular business to encourage one tribe to capture children and young women from other tribes.

The Spaniards would take the captives they purchased from the

Utes to Mexico or southern California, and trade them for horses or other chattel, and these together with slaves they could buy from southern tribes they would take north and dispose of to the

Shoshones. Thus one could frequently meet Navajo or Apache

houseservants among the white settlers, because the purchasers

TYPICAL ARAPAHOE CAMP

would frequently tire of the care of these slaves, and either give them to the Whites or sell them cheap, and a slave's being purchased by a "Mormon"virtually meant his freedom, as the "Mormons"were uncompromisingly opposed to slavery.

Brigham Young s Policy and How he Stopped Slavery

It was the policy of Brigham Young, and of the "Mormon"people in general, to deal fairly with the natives,to teach them thrift and industry, and to encourage their already wellgrounded

(,2S IMPROVEMENT ERA

belief in the "Great Spirit,"and if possible to substitute the teachings of Christ for the doctrines of their forefathers which, like the old Mosaic law, embodied "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth;"love for friends, but revenge, merciless revenge, for wrong

done yon.

It was further agreed by the Utah settlers that "It is cheaper to feed the Indian than to fight him."Thus considerable of the

tithes turned in by the "Mormon"people to their Church was used to satisfy the requests for help made by the

Indians. It was no uncommon

thing to see a band of natives camped in the tithing yards of our settlements, for days or even months at a time, and the bishop was instructed to provide food and fodder, as well as articles of clothing; and

from the Redman's viewpoint he was no beggar, for had not all—lands,the settlers game,appropriatedetc? Presihis

dent Young advised the people to build in towns and to fence their lands, and above all to be kind to the Indians and then, if trouble came, their battles were half fought beWESTERN INDIAN fore they began, for the native is ever mindful of those who befriend him. "Many will say, and

with some truthfulness, that Indians visit revenge upon Whites indiscriminately; yet if one treats them so as to get their real

friendship, they are not apt to harm him."Lever.

Slave Traffic Must Stop But in spite of all efforts of the Utah settlers to stop certain practices of the natives, slavery persisted, because the Utes, poor as they were before, found themselves hemmed in by the settlements, and making a raid on Cheyenne or Shoshone, where it proved a success, was an easy way of stocking up with horses and ammunition, for were not the Spanish traders eager to buy slaves?

But Brigham had advised and urged in the strongest way that the traffic cease. Wakara, chief of the Utes, (or Walker as he is

commonly called), was angry, and war broke out in 1853. The

immediate cause was that a White man struck an Indian with a gun at Springville, and a few days later Arropine or Seignerouch,

CUSTOMS AND LEGENDS OF UTAH INDIANS 629

as he is called by his people, killed Alex. Keele, at Payson, (July

18, 1853), and this was the signal for a general outbreak; but

Joshua Terry, Mosiah Behunin, and other pioneer interpreters say the real underlying cause zvas the refusal of the "Mormons"to countenance the slave trade, which Spaniards from the Southwest had so long encouraged.

It was a bloody struggle and not all one sided. The settlers

felt the need of getting together and heeding President Young's advice. Young said: "The people seem readier to obey Brother

Walker's invitation to live together than they do to heed my counsel."He always gave Wakara great credit "for helping to

build up Zion."

When peace was agreed upon, the Spanish trader was gone for a while, and Wakara sulked in his tent. He made a raid on

some northern tribe, and brought to the settlements a number of captive children. Joe Arropine, Wakara's brother, took a number

of these to Manti, and when the settlers refused to buy the slaves, before a crowd assembled, he grabbed a tenyear-old boy by the heels and dashed his brains out on a rock, then turning to the

Whites he berated them for the murder, saying it was their fault, as they refused to buy the slaves. 'A few years more and slavery

was no longer lawful in the United States. Now President

Young took a firm stand, and gave Spaniard and Indian to understand that "traffic in human souls"must cease; he did it largely

by moral suasion, backed, of course, by the law and the government.

SANDY, UTAH ["Joshua Terry's Story,"as related to the author in December, 1912, by that old scout and pioneer, treating of personal experiences with the

Indians, will be the subject of the next chapter, with illustrations of Jim

Bridger and Joshua Terry.]

T. Tracy Wright, president of the

Knoxville branch, Southern States mission, January 18: "We are holding many

wellattended meetings in Knoxville, and our labors in the distribution of literature are successful. The elders are enthusiastic in their work, and are trying

to make 1913 a banner year for East

Tennessee. Elders in the photo, from

the top: T. Tracy Wright, conference

president, Calder's Station; O. W. Lance,

Moab; J. G. Hansen, Deweyville, Utah."

Conditions in Turkey

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER

The complete breakdown of Turkish resistance has caused no little surpi ise to many thousands of people who expected the

Turks to give a better account of themselves. Turkey has never

before been so demoralized as at the present time. From the

moment of the revolution that put the young Turks in power that demoralization began. The state of affairs in the empire were

so confused, through subsequent years, that it was most difficult to guess even what the results of the changes would be. The

Turkish government was in fact in a tottering condition. It

needed only the touch of a revolution to make confusion more confused.

If any real reformation were accomplished in Turkey, it must be by a new order of things completely unlike what had theretofore existed. Confusion had to be worse confused, weaknesses

weakened, troubles become more troublesome, before there was really political ground for a new start in the government's life.

Rapid interchanging conditions took place. They were farreach-

ing in their effect upon the empire, and the internal conditions that existed after the revolution were not easily comprehended by those on the outside. Loyalty was undermined. Strong and lasting enmities were engendered, and differences were perhaps never

before so great in matters of policies to be pursued. The empire

was poor; the army was disorganized. Generals were at variance

with one another, and there seemed little or no likelihood that the

Turks could ever be brought together in a harmonious effort toward a common good. If distracted Turkey were to be brought

together, and a new and strong administration built up, it must be by outside pressure that would unite the Turks in a contention against the common foe.

In the midst of such discussions, the Italians declared war and seized Tripoli. That war was in far off Africa. It created a

little patriotism, but the great mass of Turks were wholly indifferent to its consequences. The leaders of the country became

more violently discordant. They shouldered the blame upon one

another for their misfortunes with Italy. It was the psychological

moment, therefore, for the Balkan states to strike. The years of

discord in Turkey had demoralized its army; its revolutions had

depleted its treasury, and political strife had destroyed in a large measure the patriotism and loyalty of the people.

CONDITIONS IN TURKEY 631

It is known that Russia expected war and gave encouragement to it, but that Russia would have it postponed until the following spring. To this the Bulgarians objected. They felt that

the moment had come to strike. They had no immediate and

specific causes for war more than had existed for many years.

The war was a result of a settled determination on the part of the

Balkan states to take Macedonia away from the Turks. The war

at this writing is practically ended. There is little hope of retaining Adrianople, and the Turks must yield to the inevitable. Little

by little their authority in Europe has faded away, and Constantinople is all that is left to them.

The Turks have suffered their punishment, and their humiliation has been great. They have appealed in vain to the great

powers for protection against so complete a dismemberment of their empire. The great powers were helpless to respond. There

stood one great military power in the way to give them their rescue from the great nations of Europe. That power was Russia.

Russia has long been opposed to the advancement of Austria in the Balkans, and the latter's possession of Bosnia, Herzegovina.

Russia has felt that the only barrier which she could erect against the advancement of Austria was the strong Balkan state which could be created only by the triumph of the Balkan armies over

Turkey, and the erection of a great power sufficiently strong to resist Austria's advances. Behind the Balkan war Russia and

Austria have been playing their part in their efforts to secure the ascendency in Macedonia. The world at large has found more

interest in what Turkey and the Balkans were doing, but after all, the greatest interest is settled in the attitude of Russia and Austria.

It was really their war, though both were behind the scenes.

The real test of European harmony is yet to come. Russia

has wishes for the success of the Balkans. Austria has hoped that

they might be thwarted. When the distribution of spoils comes,

these two great watchdogs of European diplomacy will show their teeth. It hardly seems likely that they will escape a conflict.

If they do, it will be because of the pressure brought to bear by their European allies who have nothing whatever to gain in a war that might be brought about by these two antagonists. Not one

cause for war has arisen during the conflict where ten will arise in the distribution of the spoils and the erection of a strong Balkan state. The real test of Europe's security against an armed conflict is yet to come.

Department of Vocations and Industries

BY B. II. ROBERTS

VIII—What Boys Should Suggest

Last month our heading was "What to Suggest to Boys."This

month we reverse the thought to "What Boys Should Suggest,"meaning, of course, what boys should suggest to teachers, parents, or M. 1.

A. committeemen, on Vocations and Industries. In other words, the

boy should be encouraged to express himself, tell what he likes to do, and why he likes to do it. His attention should be called to the important fact that those who seek are the ones who find; that those

who desire things ardently are the ones who obtain them; and if in

their experience there comes a desire for help, they can generally obtain it by seeking for it. One of the sentences emphasized by italics

* * in last month's Era, under this title, "If I Were a Boy Again—* *—if I found that I zvas capable of some one thing in any especial

degree, I zvould ask counsel on that point of some judicious friend; and if

advised to pursue it I would devote myself to that praticular matter to the exclusion of much that is foolishly allozved in boyhood."Now this is

what is urged the boy to express himself with reference here—getting

to his likes and dislikes, in the matter of doing things, and to ask counsel as to what he ought to attempt; and so shall you get at a

catalogue of things that the boys are capable of doing, and can succeed in doing, which will materially aid in giving suggestions as to what he shall choose as his calling in life.

Our committeemen, teachers, and parents, then, have before them the task of finding out something of the boy's aptitudes, and hence the importance of getting him to reveal himself to those who are to counsel him in selecting a vocation. More than half the task of discovering the boy is accomplished when he is brought where he will ask for

help in these things. Teaching and guidance become easy when once

the one to be taught will so rely upon the teacher that he will ask, "What shall I do?"or "What would be best for me to do?"This

mental attitude, however, must be induced not by thinking for the boy, but by teaching him to think, and leading him to form a conclusion that shall be his own. Committeemen, teachers, and parents,

should not approach their work in counseling our youth in respect to vocations and industries, with the idea that our youth cannot think, and that, therefore, some one else must think for them. The desirable

thing is merely to aid them in thinking for themselves upon these subjects. This help cannot be effectively given until they are brought

to feel the necessity of seeking help, and this can only follow from the establishment of confidence in those to whom they shall make their appeal. Therefore, addressing ourselves now to our committeeDEPARTMENT OF VOCATIONS AND INDUSTRIES 633

men in the stakes and the wards, we say that the immediate task before them is that of obtaining the confidence of our youth. This

must be won, since it cannot be demanded; and the winning of confidence is an art of itself, the details of which may not be considered,

here beyond saying, that primarily the art rests upon profound sympathy with the youth, and a knowledge of their problems, and a desire to help them, that springs from love of them, and a desire to see them succeed. If our committeemen have these elements as their equipment, then they are well on their way to success in winning the confidence of the youth, and will be able to induce the youth in their

immediate circles of activity to confide in them, and say to them the things which shall be needed to bring forth wise and helpful counsels.

Getting your boys to talk to you, committeemen, is of quite as much importance, as that you should talk to them, nay more.

From the few reports that we have received of stake committeemen, and association committeemen in this department of M. I. A.

work, we are led to believe that there has been a great deal of neglect in the carrying out of instructions to provide this simple organization for carrying on our department; and we ask that stake superintendents

and presidents of ward associations shall be admonished in this thing, and make this department a matter of special attention until it is completely organized. Doubtless reports, as to what has been done in

these respects in the various stakes will be an item in the reports at our June M. I. A. conference; and the committee in charge of this

department would like to see complete reports in respect to organization and work done under its auspices. We earnestly call the attention of both the stake and ward officers to this matter, and urge compliance with this request.

Elder Daniel Perkins writes from Charleston, South Carolina, December 31: "The people

are very anxious to learn the truth about 'Mormonism'and are beginning to discover that the stories circulated about our people are not true. We have

spent an enjoyable Christmas with Saints and friends, and feel like entering on the new year determined to deliver the message of salvation in this historical city, the place where the first guns of the Civil War were fired.

The population is about 61,000. Elders,, left to right: Daniel Perkins, Bluff, Utah; Jesse J. Remington, Parker, Idaho; William Ruesch,

Hurricane, Utah; S. C. Hall, Bennington, Idaho."

Boys'and Girls'Industrial Clubs

BY PROF. J. C. HOGENSON, OF THE STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

In many of the states of the Union, there have been few developments in recent years that have given greater educational stimulus than has the work done by clubs of boys and girls in agriculture and domestic affairs. A potatogrowing club is an association of boys who enter into competition to determine which

can grow the most or best potatoes on a certain area of ground under definite rules, as to kind of seed, planting, cultivation, irrigation, and exhibit of their product. For girls, these clubs usually take the form of breadmaking, sewing, or in helping the boys

in gardening or poultry contests.

In our state, where perhaps seventenths of the children who attend the public schools will either take up some branch of agriculture or become wives in the homes of our state, it seems essential that they begin to learn in a systematic way the problems which they must meet later in life, while they are in the public schools. This is emphasized more when we realize that of the

children of the rural communities, 95 per cent of them get their only education so far as books are concerned in the public school, and only 5 per cent of them go away from home for more schooling. These young men and women usually grow up with no regard for the farm. They look upon it as a place to be shunned, and

as soon as enough money can be raked together they leave for the city where their lives usually become swallowed in the great commercialism of the day.

That this can be remedied, I firmly believe, so that the young man and the young women will learn and appreciate, to the bottom of their hearts, the fact that they are living in God's free air and sunshine, where the waving breezes blow, where the silent river flows through the green meadows, and where the cows "knee deep in June 1"bask in the shade of the trees.

There is no place in the world that has bluer skies, brighter stars, more sunshine, greener verdure, richer lands, clearer and more sparkling water, more pleasant and healthful climate, and brighter boys and girls than Utah. Why then, should not some

of these glorious truths be brought forth in our schoolwork, so that the boys and the girls of Utah will grow up with a liking in their hearts for the farm and the home.

The result to be secured from such chilis may be thus summarized:

(1) Individually the members are led to observe more closely, to recognize good and bad qualities in the products they have grown.

BOYS'AND GIRLS'INDUSTRIAL CLUBS 635

They meet and solve some problems in the improvement of plants, animals and housework. They learn something of the value of labor,

the cost of production, and the keeping of simple accounts. They

read good literature, and learn some of the sources of good agricultural literature. Their views are broadened by contact with others.

Finally, the power of taking the initiative becomes strongly developed in them, so that they become responsible members of the community.

(2) Collectively they learn the value of organized effort and of compromise.

(3) The influence upon the communities at large is apparent in producing better results in farming.

(4) The knowledge that the natural love of competition among boys and girls can be utilized to immense advantage in furthering their own education for efficiency.

During the year 1912, Potato clubs were organized in Cache,

Box Elder, Utah and Sanpete counties by the Extension Division of the Agricultural College, in cooperation with the district and high schools of the state. Supt. R. V. Larsen of Cache county,

was particularly active in the work, shown by the fact that Cache county boys (members of these clubs) won all the prizes in the contests at the 1912 State Fair. One thousand and twenty boys

enlisted in the work, each of them growing onehalf an acre of potatoes under definite instruction. Local clubs were organized

with a full set of officers, the president of each local club becoming a vicepresident in the county club. The members of the local

clubs competed with each other for local prizes. Those winning

the local prizes in each local club competed for county prizes at the county fairs. Those winning at the county fairs competed for

state prizes, at the State Fair. At the State Fair, of 1912, thirteen contestants entered for the state prizes. Each contestant exhibited an affidavit of yield, the best fifty pounds, the best dozen

tubers, and a paper of not more than one thousand words, on how their crop was grown. The exhibits were judged by E. H. Grubb,

the potato expert from Colorado, and Doctors Corbett and Orton of the United States Department of Agriculture, according to the following basis * Best yield 60 % Best fifty pounds 20 % Best dozen tubers 10 % Best paper on how the crop was grown 10 % 100 % The prizes were awarded as follows

Leonard Purser, age 15, of King, Cache co -1st Prize

Horace Cannell, age 16, of Smithfield 2nd Prize

Merle J. Hyer, age 17, of Lewiston 3rd P"ze

Ralph J. Hyer, age 18, of Lewiston 4th Prize

636 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The yields ranged from 360 to 796 bushels per acre.

Taking it all in all, the contest, the first year, was very successful, and plans have been in preparation for some time to extend the contests among the boys and girls of the state on a much wider basis for the year 1913. The object will be to localize the

work so that in those sections where the boys are interested in jKDtatogrowing, they may grow potatoes, in other sections, where they are interested in tomatogrowing or vegetablegrowing, or wheat, oats, barley or alfalfa, those crops may be grown. Girls

clubs in breadmaking, fruitcanning, sewing, poultryraising, and flowergrowing will also be organized. Local merchants, commercial clubs, individual farmers, etc., will be asked to give

premiums. The contestants will be divided into juniors and

seniors, according to age. The successful contestants will be

given free trips to the Farmers'Roundup and Housekeepers'Conference, held at the Agricultural College, in Logan, and trips to the State Fair, at Salt Lake City. Books, agricultural implements,

and other useful articles will also be given.

LOGAN, UTAH

The More Money the Less Work—The following excerpt from a

letter from President Valentine, of the SwissGerman Mission, to the

First Presidency, is pertinent both at home and abroad, and treats of a subject of great interest:

"Our finances are a source of continual annoyance. If parents at

home would send their remittances through our office, their sons would spend less money and do more missionary work, and the parents would be spared some final expenses which they must meet now. The

only objection to the funds coming through our office comes from the elders who naturally dislike a supervision upon our part of their finances. "We have had protests from parents at home because of the ex travagance of the SwissGerman Mission. There is no justifiable reason for such complaint, but the parents listen to the call of a son roi

additional money because he has been banished, or is going to conference, etc. These items are very minor. The transportation of our

elders from one place to another is very cheap, but the circuits, stopovers, etc., which very easily become an incident to the move, are expensive. Our Saints are very generous and in many fields the elders

are fed entirely and expend their regular allowance just the same for luxuries. I fear that our missionaries acquire some very bad economic

habits, and as many of them are in the formative period of their lives, it is rather a severe economical loss for them during their entire afterlife, and a present loss to our mission, and to all humanity, because the more money the less work, usually."

Editors'Table

Vocations and Industries Work! Something to do! That is the cry and desire of the

young and the active. If useful and good employment is not found

or given them there is grave clanger that they will choose to do that which will perhaps lead them to evil. Useful employment is a

wonderful help in the development of life and character. We

all recognize that the intellectual nature should be cultivated and that spiritual food should be provided, but we must admit that it is quite as essential that there shall be helpful and useful employment, so that the hands may be trained to skilful work as well as the brain to doright thinking.

In the March Era some thoughts were expressed on "What to Suggest to Boys."It is a pertinent and timely problem in

which the M. I. A. are striving to interest parents and boys alike,

and which the Era is helping by printing such suggestions as may come to hand. We call special attention to the articles appearing

each month, by Elder B. H. Roberts, on this topic, and trust that

all who are interested will take the time to read and study them, and also add their thoughts upon the subject, which will be gladly used as far as possible.

Touching this subject, a correspondent gives an interesting, and it may be helpful, account of what was done in the early 70's, when the M. I. A. was first established in Ephraim,

Sanpete county. The organizers appointed a president and counselors in that place and left it with them to obtain a membership.

Some time after, on returning, they found that only one member had been enrolled. The enterprise looked like a failure. The

organizers then called upon a Sunday School teacher, who, in the late 60's and early 70's, had organized a successful theological class in the Sunday School of Ephraim. His class, which consisted of about twenty young men, was bodily organized into a

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, with less than twenty members. Our correspondent then proceeds

In less than three years there was a regular attendance *>f over

638 IMPROVEMENT ERA

135. But the point I wish to bring out is the way it was worked to

make the name Improvement applicable.

The president called the boys together and said, "I have twenty acres of land close to town; you may use it, provided you will fence

and sow it with alfalfa, cultivate and take care of it."In a very short

time the twenty acres of land was enclosed with a good pole fence, the land plowed, prepared, and sown into alfalfa. The boys did the

work under the leadership of the teacher. It was soon proposed, and

the proposition put into execution, to import some thoroughbred sheep to consume the feed from the Young Men's farm, and also to raise some improved sheep to sell to the local flockmasters. By the

way, these sheep were the first purebred Merino sheep known of in this locality.

Next the teacher said, "See here, boys, people need lime; there

is plenty of limerock and wood in the mountains. Let us build kilns,

burn lime, and sell to the public,"and for years the young men supplied the town with all the lime needed.

The teacher and young men then claimed and opened up a stone quarry, and for a long time supplied the city with a fine quality of white oolite stone for building purposes. This same quality of stone has now

become widely known in the United States. They also experimented

successfully with hemp raising, and contemplated establishing a rope factory.

The teacher said, "Boys, go to your fathers and get ten dollars each. Either let your parents give you the money, or lend it to you,

and you can promise to pay it back to them within a year."Within

a very short time over $800. had been secured, for which they bought

a good threshing machine. There were eightythree shares at ten dollars per share. The boys then threshed their fathers'grain, and

stored their toll from which they later drew according to the amount each had invested.

All these things were started under the commonwealth plan every boy was interested in the business, and so worked the harder to make the undertakings a success.

The boys petitioned the city council for a city lot, as the city then had some lots not disposed of. The council gave them two acres

of ground, upon which the young men proposed to build a hall of their own, as the association had grown so that there was not room enough for all who wished to attend their meetings. The young men would

surely have accomplished this undertaking, since they had both means and brains enough to push things to a finish, but alas, time changes the order of things, and men change. In 1881, the president and

teacher was called on a foreign mission, and other men were called to preside over the association, men with different ideas, who saw and thought quite differently. When the teacher returned, in 1883, to

his regret and surprise he found that the Young Men's farm had been sold, that some one had claimed the stonequarry, that the city lot

EDITORS'TABLE 639

was sold, and the thresher was nearly worn out, and the only thing left of it all was a small case of books called the Young Men's library.

This library, of course, was good in itself, and while the association still existed, the young men had lost all interest and enthusiasm in these practical undertakings. It must be remembered that while the

young men were working out these practical problems, their moral, spiritual and intellectual development was not neglected. They attended their meetings and social gatherings regularly, and worked with

a vim in whatever was undertaken. But when these practical things

were left out, they seemed to lose interest in their meetings, where for years these had been crowded.

The writer has traveled a good deal, preached the gospel, baptized many people, and officiated in nearly all the offices and ordinances of the Church, and has seen many great manifestations of the Lord's power, but never has he witnessed anything more sublimely satisfactory than the meetings of these young men, some thirtyfive years ago.

Why, it seemed sometimes like the veil was withdrawn, and we could gaze into eternity and feel that holy beings were in our midst. At first

some of the rowdy boys looked through the windows into our meetings, then they came and sat by the door, but in a night or two offered to have their names enrolled. We had no trouble in getting

the boys to join the association, but rather trouble to get a place large enough for our meetings.

I see many undeveloped, or shall I say unappreciated, opportunities around us at present, if but men with tact, vim and unselfish minds, could be found to step forward and say, "Here, boys, see here is matter unorganized, let us go to and produce something, and not be consumers altogether."Produce something, I care not what it is, so

that it is useful. Break into the work, and make business partners of

the boys. With the spiritual teachings provided him, take him by the

hand and treat him as your friend and confidant, organize practical companies, and do things that will interest him, and start him right on the road to vocational and business success.

I know of no greater satisfaction that can come to a man in looking back upon his life than to see and know that he has spent his time and money in benefiting his fellowman. We are called to be saviors

of men, that means spiritually, temporally, and physically. All that

is needed is to step forward with real interest and intent, and try to lead the bnv alone:, and most of them will follow.

Messages from the Missions The Northern States Mission, German E. Ellsworth, President, is

planning for a new meetinghouse and headquarters for the mission, to be erected in Chicago. The site has already been purchased, and xh"

new meetinghouse will be 60 feet by 150 feet in size, situate 1 at Logan 640 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Snuare, a wellknown point in Chicago, and a choice and desirable location. The meetinghouse will be built with a view to seating 250

people, and leave place besides for an office building and a home.

Elder Ralph H. Hendricks, of Richmond, Utah, who labored for

the past year as a missionary in the British mission, died in England,

February 23, of hemorrhage of the lungs and stomach. He was the

son of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel C. Hendricks, of Richmond, Cache county,

and was born November 17, 1890. He left Salt Lake for England,

April 2, 1912, and made good progress in his work in the mission field.

Elder K. N. Winnie sends a message from Nome, Alaska, January

3: "The gospel is winning its way into the hearts and homes of the

people. 'It is not ye that speak but My Spirit that dwelleth in you.'

To feel one's being thrilled with joy unspeakable as he bears his humble testimony of the restoration and power of the gospel in these latter days is to sense the position the true Latterday Saint occupies in the world. New Year's night

I spent a social evening at the home of

Mr. and Mrs. Vanderworker. I found

two other friends there, a lady formerly a member of Alexander Dowie's Zion

City, Illinois, and Prof. Henry Peterson,

a pianist and a strong friend of our people. Years ago when a mere boy in his

hometown in faraway Denmark he heard the elders as they traveled ministering to the people. He also remembers

the large emigration that followed the introduction of the gospel in his native land. I had with me four phonograph

records—selections from the Tabernacle

Choir of Salt Lake City, which we haerd, and they a11 aSreed we had enjoyed a elder K. n. winnie

musical treat Said the Professor, T have Background is the Behring Sea,

Nome Alaska never before heard such volume of harmony and sweetness. There is conviction of faith in every word, and an intensity of spirit and purpose

seldom possessed by members of other churches.'I feel to say to the

choir, 'Sing on, sing on, ye valiant sons and daughters of our God!'

After games and refreshments, the professor and Airs. Vanderworker

asked many questions pertaining to the work of the Lord, and for two hours I answered these to the satisfaction of all, explaining many of the principles of the gospel pertaining to the redemption of the living and the dead. I expect to continue this kind of work for the remainder of the winter, and by so doing, bring people to realize what the

EDITORS'TABLE 641

true gospel is. After several renditions of music by Prof Peterson

with best wishes for a Happy New Year, we parted with the music from the big choir still ringing in our ears."

Mrs. Ella M. Eardley writes from Rotterdam, Holland, January

4: "I read with pleasure about the grand and noble work done by the

boys in the various mission fields. I am the only lady missionary in

this mission, but the girls and women here are doing good work to help preach the gospel. They act as teachers in the Sunday Schools;

THE ENGLISH CLASS OF ROTTERDAM BRANCH

they make up the better half of our fine choirs, and they carry on our

Relief societies. Our Relief society in Rotterdam is a large association of women who devote a great deal of time to the work along

about the same lines that the Relief societies at home do. We also

have large organizations in Amsterdam and Utrecht and other cities.

A number of younger mebers of the mission are bent on learning English, and I have been holding an English class among the sisters in this city. I teach them English and the gospel at the same time, because we have now advanced so far that each evening after our regular lesson we are able to take up some article in the Era, 'Young

Woman's Journal,'or 'Juvenile'and read and enjoy it, so that even in this land the Era and other Church publications are not only appreciated by the missionaries, but by the Saints as well. I am sure

you will agree with me that my 'English'girls in the photograph are a bright group."

642 IMPROVEMENT ERA

v en,—, 1 1 33J o <u B J- 3.2

R) J3 u. rt HH PQ o

<U

QJJi rtrt Q,J3>-rt

",B B "B C il> 'T'rt-r;oiOi3 jS.s i: o o | J3.H

- s *u i a, <u n 3 -*- -j* O -C O

L <li a, bO > JS -

"(Lirt.xcort-t;

'rtB?Z

!>, B rt v* c c<-c.,,. - cB "

G U* > T3 J "3 a; rt ffiHH J.Boc S.--BrS > 2 &S rt--

'-> - = - v rt rt> %.<""z: c t> B

c-r-. e 5!|h 3 g -B>,S B[l.--S

dM be O d hj cj "O O to O rBJ2 <U o 5-C.2 be a; pi c c c s.s.d'.S rt 8

(/. fr, w rt H

S S B B jj 2W rt C B---"ji: rt x

:W 9

g O - rt <u p bC-5 U ( rt U rt >, l- ( | /-N I—o: rt P oU rt O

C3 "—3 ("(L> tH 0 M

ocu? S rt i

Priesthood Quorums'Table

The Ordained Teacher BY BISHOP H. H. BLOOD, OF KAYSVILLE, DAVIS STAKE OF ZION

Personal Loyalty and Responsibility to His Quorum—Official Duties—His Place in the Ward.—A group of young men of Lesser Priesthood age residing in a nearby stake were about to go on an expedition

through the mountains and, as they came together to perfect their plans, one of them proposed that all profanity and vulgarity, and the use of cigarettes and intoxicants be tabooed during the trip; that the

boys be clean in word and act while away from home. The suggestion

met with instant favor and was adopted. A mild penalty for the

breaking of the rule, entailing temporary physical discomfort, was agreed upon. The company was made up of ordinary country boys,

with habits of speech and conduct such as might be expected in such a class. But they individually determined to be true to the compact

they had made, and the trip was undertaken with every young man on guard to see that the high standard of conduct that had been set was maintained. Only a very few during the outing were found to be

transgressors, and these not wilfully, but thoughtlessly. The boys

came home conquerors—of themselves.

This was an M. I. A. Boy Scout company, part of the band that

marched down over the Pioneer trail into Salt Lake City on the 24th of July last.

Mention is made of the incident here, not to advocate the adoption of Boy Scout work in Priesthood quorums, but to lay stress upon the fact that what our Lesser Priesthood quorums need is Boy Scout loyalty, mutual helpfulness, and determination to be clean and true to high resolves. No more perfect organizations for the developing of

good habits and the training in proper conduct could be brought into existence than the quorums of Priesthood, wherein young men of like age and similar environment are grouped together for instruction and practice in good works. Other churches, lacking such organizations,

have tried to meet the deficiency by forming societies and clubs, but in no church are the mandevised plans so complete, and in none should they be so effective, as is the system given by the Lord in the

Priesthood quorums of the Church.

The Holy Name Society, an association of Catholic young men, who pledge themselves especially against profanity, has come into existence as a recognition of the value of organized effort toward better living. The society has many branches in Catholic communities, publishes a journal in New York devoted to its interests, and is

said to be exerting a wide influence for good among its members. Yet

this society offers nothing that is in advance of what the Priesthood quorums of the Church give their members; indeed, it would seem that

644 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the forming of such an association as an auxiliary of the Catholic church adds testimony to the perfection of our Priesthood organizations, in which provision is made for training not only in one good principle, but in every phase of moral and spiritual development.

The value to its members of this Catholic society, and others like it, lies in the help the members give each oher, and in the strength that comes through many working toward a common end, and with a like purpose. This same value is to be found in quorum work if it is

properly done. Loyalty to the quorum should be strongly impressed

upon the boys, and every one should be brought to feel that the whole quorum is disgraced if one of its number falls into error.

The ordained Teachers are of an age when some restraining influence is needed to keep them from the pitfalls of evil. May not their

responsibility to each other and to their quorum be taught them in such a way as to provide such effective restraint? Under this influence may not the young men be helped to gain more complete mastery

over themselves—their thoughts, their words, their acts? Boys are

often led into the forming of bad habits by the very natural desire to be popular among their associates. Scores can trace the first drink,

the first cigarette, the early use of profanity and vulgarity, to this cause.

It was unpopular with "the crowd"to be good, and hence they fell into evil ways. This indicates a perverted view of life that it is the

business of the Priesthood quorum to correct. While in its misdirected course this tendency to follow the crowd and do as the other

boys do, leads to evil, at the same time it points the way to reformation, if it can be guided into proper channels. Therefore, it becomes

the duty of Priesthood quorums to inculcate a sentiment making righteous living the popular thing, and the doing or tolerating of evil in any form unpopular. Emphasis should be laid on the fact that

nothing but personal rectitude can make possible success in life, or reward hereafter. With the Teachers'quroums of the Church radiating such an influence as this, and with the members watchful of themselves, helpful to their associates, and all jealously guarding the good

name of the quorum to which they belong, there would be developed in each ward a group of earnest, exemplary young men, whose lives would be a standing rebuke to the evildoer.

While it is not considered proper to teach goodness negatively, by calling attention to the evil, still special training should be given the young men that will tend to keep them from the forming of such habits of thought and action as may lead to wrongdoing. The Savior uttered

warnings against some of these things, including giving way to anger, stealing, lying, lustfulness, swearing, evil speaking, dishonesty, uncleanliness of word and act, idleness and kindred evils. A skillful

quorum instructor should be able to take up these subjects with the young men in such a manner as would impress them with the value of high moral living. Then there is the whole field of good habits into

which the lives of the young men should be directed. It is perhaps as

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 645

easy to form good as bad habits, if we get started right. It becomes

important, therefore, that character building habits, of worth to the individual, to the community in which he resides, and to the Church, be taught, and that young Teachers be helped in forming them. Under

this head may be included the giving of their substance for the benefit of the Church and of the needy in their neighborhood, and the giving of their time to the work of the Lord. This gratuitous giving of time

and means cannot be too soon made a part of a young man's habits of life. If he forms these habits early, the demands that will later be

made upon his time in laboring much at home, or perhaps in performing a mission abroad, will not be a sacrifice but rather a pleasure to him. And the calls that will often be made upon him to assist financially in the upbuilding of the Church and its institutions, as well as

the everpresent duty of tithepaying, will be responded to cheerfully, and in a way to bring blessings upon him from the Lord who, it is said, "loveth a cheerful giver."

Teachers so trained are prepared for their ministry. They are

ready to watch over the Church, to be standing ministers to the

Church. In the past little or nothing has been done to place the ordained teachers actively in the duties of their callings. But an awakening is at hand. There has probably never been a time in the history

of the Church when so much attention has been paid to the help that the Lesser Priesthood can be in the ward as has been given the subject during the past year, and especially since the Priesthood Quorums

Committee, at the last April conference, called the attention of stake and ward authorities to the question. The publication of Bishop

Charles W. Nibley's able discussion of what Priests can do in the

ward is already rejuvenating the quorums of Priests, and it is hoped that the Teachers'can also be made active and useful in the performance of duty.

"The Teacher's duty is to watch over the Church always, and be with and strengthen them,"are the words of the Lord to the young men who have been ordained to this calling. To be in line with this

injunction every Teacher should seek out and labor with and strengthen at least some one person who is weak,'—his associate quorum member it may be, and the failing may be occasional, as yet not habitual,

smoking or profaning, or nonattendance at meetings. In any case,

those in charge of the quorum work should encourage the members to do individual teaching, wherever it is needed. There should be in

the quorum meetings occasional discussions of what might be done in this line, with examples of results that have been achieved, and the activities of members in this work should be investigated by quorum officers. The outcome of such efforts would be the steady improvement of the individual Teachers themselves, who would be brought to

realize that the example of personal good conduct is an effective method of teaching. There would also be wholesome improvement

among those labored with.

646 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The duties of the Teachers, if performed fully, require that they go into the homes of the Saints. They are to see that there is no

iniquity in the Church. In case these young men cannot bring themselves, on account of the oppressive diffidence that affects them, to go

into the homes two together, it should be arranged by the ward officers that they receive instruction and experience with older brethren. But,

while they may not feel competent to go alone on a teaching mission and expound doctrine, there are other duties that they are able to attend to that are in line with their calling, the performance of which will relieve the acting teache.rs of much routine work and leave them

free to devote themselves to spiritual instruction. For instance, the

Teachers are to see that the members of the Church "meet together often"and partake of the sacrament. Good results would follow the

sending of a special message from the Bishopric to slothful members of the Church inviting them to sacrament meeting, and no more proper messengers could be found than two ordained Teachers who, on the

Sabbath day, could go to the doors of those who habitually absent themselves from meeting, and, acting in the authority of their calling, deliver their message and invitation. The same is true as to announcements of tithing settlements. Bishops would do well to engage the

help of young Teachers and send them to the homes of the Saints with a reminder of the duty of tithepaying and making settlement on the days appointed for that purpose. The Teachers who do this duty

would themselves be impressed with the importance of tithepaying, and thus would be doubly benefited.

It would be proper, also, for Bishops to employ the ordained

Teachers in laboring with those who are allowing their children to grow up without baptism. The Teachers might also be helpful to the

ward clerk in gathering the genealogies of persons or families whose records are not complete on the ward books. They could be used in

visiting newly arrived Saints to learn of their former places of resi:

dence, and, after their recommends have been received, to invite them to the meeting at which their names are to be presented. In stirring

up the slothful and securing their attendance and enrollment in the various organizations, and their attendance upon the meetings of such organizations, the Teachers can do good service.

Then there is the regular duty that should be assigned to the

Teachers, in connection with other members of the Lesser Priesthood, of going among the Saints each month and collecting fast offerings.

In stakes and wards where this work is being done, the results are helpful alike to the people and to the young men who attend to the duty. The funds for the care of the poor are increased, and where

tithing is collected in the same way, the habit of paying tithes in the time and season thereof grows upon the people to their blessing.

Inasmuch as Teachers are charged with seeing "that all members do their duty,"their calling requires that they be vigilant against every form of evil, and constant in exhortation to righteousness. If ill feelPRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 647

ings exist, they are to bring about a reconciliation. Lying, backbiting

and evil speaking are evils that they are expected to see do not exist among Church members. They are to be advocates and exemplars

always of honesty, temperance, chastity, truthfulness, patience, charity and goodfellowship, and by word and act are to "invite all men to come to Christ."To be able to fill acceptably this splendid calling

requires a careful training that should be given the young men in their quorum classes, as well as in the field of experience that they should enter as companions of acting teachers in house to house visits.

The Teachers'place on the Sabbath day is in meeting, and they should be used as occasion requires in the passing of sacrament and attending to such other duties as are within the scope of their authority. Ward authorities will find that the more these young brethren are

used the better will be their attendance at meetings.

The Bishop of a ward as the president of the Aaronic Priesthood has a duty to perform for, with and in behalf of the young men, Priests,

Teachers and Deacons, who are within his jurisdiction; but inasmuch

as he is specially called upon in the Doctrine and Covenants (Section 107; 87, 88) to sit in council with and teach the Priests in his ward,

filling the position of president of the quo'rum of Priests, it is clear that he cannot personally spend any time during the weekly Priesthood meetings to look after the members of the Teachers'quorum and direct their instruction. Provision has been made for a presidency of the

Teachers'quorum to be chosen from among the members and this presidency have enjoined upon them the duty of sitting in council with their members and teaching them the duties of their office as given in the covenants. Under the custom now observed in the Church of

ordaining youths of fifteen years Teachers and passing them into the

Priests'quorum at eighteen years of age, there is rarely developed among the quorum officers a leader and teacher who, without help, is competent adequately to control and instruct the members. To fill

this recognized need, Bishops have quite generally assigned Elders,

Seventies or High Priests to act as instructors. The operation of this

system has produced a condition in some, and perhaps in many, wards in which the quorum officers are almost displaced by the instructors.

Such quorum work as is done, and such instruction as is given, is under other guidance than was intended by the Lord. This is destructive of quorum loyalty, pride and discipline, and should be corrected. No one should ever be permitted to come between a presiding

officer and his quorum. Where instructors are inclined to do so, and

officers to allow it, it would be well for the Bishopric to set the matter right, so that the officers may gain experience in presidency, and that members may be instructed and trained in proper obedience to authority.

The good that has been seen to result from the personal labors of the Bishop with the Priests'quorum has prompted the thought that similar attention paid to the Teachers would show like beneficial 648 IMPROVEMENT ERA

effects. While the Bishop is engaged with the Priests one of his counselors might profitably undertake the watchcare of the Teachers'

quorum of the ward, not by presiding over it, but by an appointment to supervise the work of the quorum, to instruct the officers in proper methods of presiding, to suggest and assist in quorum activities, to cultivate intimate acquaintance with the members, with a view of correcting injurious habits, holding before them always high ideals, and impressing upon their souls faith in the gospel, and reverence for the

Priesthood, but all the time using the greatest care against usurping the rights of quorum officers or allowing any other person to do so.

The Bishop's counselor assigned to this labor may or may not be the class instructor. It would be desirable, probably, for him to act

in that capacity, if he happens to be qualified, but whether he assumes that position or not, his duty would be to see that all worthy young men in the ward of proper age are looked after and brought into the quorum as working members. He should also provide opportunities

for exercise in the particular duties of the Teachers'calling. If it were

arranged that one Bishop's counselor would attend to this work, and the other, if I may be permitted to suggest, were asked to perform a similar duty for the Deacons'quorums, there would be brought to the weekly council meetings of the Bishopric fresh, firsthand and accurate information as to every Lesser Priesthood quorum. The result of this

personal attention to the young men by the Bishopric could scarcely fail to be manifested in better attendance at quorum meetings, better instruction, more practical work by the boys, and an upbuilding of faith in their hearts.

Priesthood Classes under the direction of the Bishop.—In answer

to questions which have come in, it should be thoroughly understood that the weekly Priesthood classes are under the direction of the bishop. They meet as High Priests, Seventies, Elders, etc., of their

ward. The bishop presiding over that meeting is the presiding High

Priest. His presidency includes the High Priesthood as well as the

Lesser Priesthood in that capacity. The Presiding Bishop's Office

recommends that each bishop shall enroll on the weekly Priesthood class roll and record book, the names of every person holding the is, one book should contain the namesPriesthood in that ward—that

of the High Priests, another the Seventies, another the Elders, and so on for the Priests, Teachers and Deacons, regardless of the fact as to whether or not such persons have been enrolled in their respective quorums of High Priests, Seventies, Elders, etc.

The Elders quorum is under the control and direction of the presidency of the stake and its officers should reside, of course, in the stake of Zion over which they have jurisdiction. The presidency of the

stake should take such steps as may be necessary to organize the quorums in charge of officers residing in their own stakes.

Mutual Work

M. I. A. Annual Conference

The general boards have decided that the annual M. I. A. conference will be held this year on June 6, 7, 8. Efforts are being directed

by committees towards making this one of the most practicable, profitable and enjoyable conferences in the history of Mutual Improvement. Conjoint religious services, special meeting for superintendents, Boy Scout demonstration, conjoint business meetings, socials,

separate officers'meetings treating on special M. 1. A. work, and

athletic sports are among the contemplated activities. Every superintendent in the Church should make it a point to attend. Superintendents are instructed to make their arrangements now to send also

other representatives from their stakes. These should be instructed

to prepare to report the proceedings at a special officers'meeting of the various stakes on their return.

The M. I. A. Normal Training Class

The fourth Y. M. M. I. A. Normal Training Class at the Deseret

Gymnasium closed on March 7 with a luncheon tendered to them by

FOURTH NORMAL TRAINING CLASS, DESERET GYM 650 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the General Board. They had been in session since February 11 and

had received instructions from the Deseret Gymnasium faculty and specialists in various ljnes of work. In a number of the wards and

stakes the representatives of these classes have made excellent progress in introducing the work among the young people. A portrait of the

class is shown herewith:

Lower Row, left to right: Wilford S. Anderson, Rexburg, Idaho,

Fremont Stake; Lester Stoddard, La Grande, Oregon, Union Stake;

Earl Vernon, Rockport, Utah, Summit Stake; Ole A. Peterson, Wanship, Utah, Summit Stake; Amley Pulver, Payson, Utah, Nebo Stake;

Howard Geddes, La Grande, Oregon, Union Stake; Hugh Roberts,

Hibbard, Idaho, Yellowstone Stake; Clifford Eyre, Lyman, Wyoming,

Woodruff Stake.

Middle Row: O. E. Steed, Stirling, Canada, Taylor Stake; H. F.

Jensen, Salina, Utah, Sevier Stake; Lawrence Frazier, Oakley, Utah,

Summit Stake; Herschel Calderwood, Coalville, Utah, Summit Stake.

Top Row: Robert Richardson, Instructor; William E. Day,

Physical Director; Arthur Peterson, Circleville, Utah, Panguitch

Stake; William C. Rollins, Lyman, Wyoming, Woodruff Stake; A. D.

McAllister, Panguitch, Utah, Panguitch Stake; Heber S. Saurey, Hibbard, Idaho, Yellowstone Stake; Clyde Van Tassell, Woodland, Utah,

Summit Stake; B. S. Hinckley, Secretary Deseret Gymnasium; Dr.

John H. Taylor, M. I. A Athletic and Scout Director; Benjamin

Harker, Instructor; Miss Hazel Edwards, Dancing Instructor

This is likely the last class of the kind that will be held, as the work will be taken up in the various Church school gymnasiums.

"The Millennial Hymns"is the title of a book of music which contains fifty of Elder Parley Parker Pratt's hymns, mostly appearing in the L. D. S. Hymn Book, though there are some new ones. The

work is edited and compiled by Samuel Russell, and printed by the

University Press, of Cambridge. It contains a preface giving a short

sketch of the life of the noted author, and for many of the hymns there are two tunes from standard compositions by leading musicians, many of which are familiar to all singers. The book is especially valuable to

choirs which desire to sing the songs of Elder Pratt to tunes other than those used in the L. D. S. Psalmody. There are seventyfive tunes

selected from English, German, Italian, French, Welch, and modern

American hymn music, covering a period from the sixteenth century to the present time. Selections are given from many noted composers.

The tunes constitute a collection especially adapted to the "Millennial

Hymns,"but may also be used, of course, with other hymns having corresponding meter. The book may be obtained either from the book

stores or from Samuel Russell, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Passing Events

An Extra Session of Congress to consider the tariff has been called for April 7.

Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, of Jersey City, was chosen secretary to

President Woodrow Wilson, on February 3. Mr. Tumulty was graduated in 1899 from St. Peters college, Jersey City. He was admitted

to the bar in 1892, and served four terms in the New Jersey Legislature, being elected first in 1897.

King George of Greece was assassinated in the streets of Salonica on the afternoon of March 18, by a Greek, educated anarchist, named Aleko Schinas. Crown Prince Constantine has been declared

King of Greece. He was at Janina, in command of the Greek troops,

when called to the throne. King George had been in Salonica since

Nov. 12 last year. He was in his sixtyeighth year and had ruled fifty

years to the day, as he was elected King, March 18, 1863.

William Eddington, pioneer of 1853, prominent in political and religious circles, a resident of Utah for the past sixty years, died at

Salt Lake City, March 3, 1913. He was born in England, November

27, 1821. He was a school teacher for a number of years, and one of

the founders, with Lorenzo Snow, of the Polysophical Society. He

was major of the Third Regiment of the Nauvoo Legion, an actor in the Echo canyon war, a member of the High Council of the Salt Lake stake in 1859, mayor of Morgan City for a period of eight years, and at one time a member of the board of regents of the University of

Deseret.

Winslow Farr, for many years a resident of Utah, and a pioneer of

Weber county, died at his home February 18. He was a brother of

the late Lorin Farr, and was born May 11, 1837, in Vermont. He

moved to Kirtland, later to Nauvoo, and was acquainted with the

Prophet. He went to Winter Quarters with his parents, in 1847, and

came to Utah in September, 1848, walking barefooted across the plains.

He took part in the Echo Canyon war, was ordained a Seventy in 1852, and went on a mission to England in 1868. In 1890 he moved

to Mexico, and was for nine years bishop of Colonia Dublan. In 1899

he was ordained a patriarch by the late A. Owen Woodruff. He was

a temple worker since 1906.

The Utah Legislature passed one excellent bill tending to the moral welfare of the State of Utah, in the Mabey AntiGambling bill.

652 IMPROVEMENT ERA

early in February, and it became a law on the 17th of the month. The

Utah antirace-track "ambling law is practically a copy of the New

York law, which has effectively stopped horserace betting in that slate. The Utah law makes bookmaking and pool selling a felony,

and provides a punishment to offenders of a fine up to two thousand dollars or imprisonment not to exceed a year. The poolsellers have

already decided to contest the law, a case being now before the courts.

If it stands muster, it will abolish betting and poolselling. The Leg

islature adjourned promptly March 13, the first legislative body in the history of the state that did not overrun its allotted time.

The Mexican Situation continues very grave. A half hour after

General Victoriano Huerta, with the aid of Felix Diaz, and the army, had deposed President Francisco I. Madera, Feb. 18, Huerta was elected

provisional president by the national congress. On February 19th, Gustavo Madero, brother of the deposed President,

who was largely held responsible for the misdeeds of President Madero, was shot while "attempting to escape."On February 23rd, President Madero and VicePresident Jose Pino Suarez, while being

taken from the palace to the penitentiary, were shot and killed in the streets "while attempting to escape,"an expression famous in Mexico as convenient words for murder. President Huerta, however,

said they were killed by shots from a party of their friends who were trying to rescue them, but the common belief is that they were killed by their guards in pursuance of a plot to get rid of them.

The new government immediately began FELIX DIAZ the struggle with the problems confrontJephew of Former President ing it, and in the meantime President Porfirio Diaz

Taft assembled ten thousand United

States troops in Texas prepared for any emergency. Since then, during March, battles have occurred in various places between the Huerta

soldiers and the Constitutionalists, which the Maderists now call themselves. The states of Sinaloa and Sonora, on the Gulf of California,

have declared against the government, and a number of conflicts were reported in the towns near the Arizona border.

Woodrow Wilson, of New Jersey, was inaugurated President and

Thomas R. Marshall, of Indiana, VicePresident, of the United States,

on March 4, in the usual form and with appropriate ceremonies at

Washington, D. C. This is the form of oath taken by the President:

PASSING EVENTS 653

"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United

States, and will to the best of my ability preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the

United States."At the conclusion of President Wilson's inaugural words, retiring President Taft clasped his hand, and,

his face beaming with a broadening smile, he said, "I wish you a successful administration and the carrying out of your aims.

We will all be behind you."

"Thank you,"said President Wilson, and he turned to shake hands with his Secretary of State, William Jennings Bryan.

It was a great sight. There

stood the standard bearer of a vanquished party, sixteen years Photo from the New York Independent in power; Bryan, persistent PRESIDENT WOODROW WILSON

plodder of progressive Democracy, thrice defeated, accepting a commission from a new chieftain, and Wilson, the man of the hour, victorious, mustering, as he expressed it, "not the forces of party, but the forces of humanity."

His inaugural address was short and pointed, and touched upon the living topics of the day in a classical manner. Criticisms of the

press agree it is a masterpiece of literature, but some fear that the practical execution of its ideas will be more difficult than expected.

Tiere are some of the things he said needed to be changed:

We have itemized with some degree of particularity the things that ought to be altered, and here are some of the chief items:

A tariff which cuts us off from our proper part in the commerce of the world, violates the just principles of taxation, and makes the government a facile instrument in the hands of private interests.

A banking and currency system based upon the necessity of the government to sell its bonds fifty years ago and perfectly adapted to concentrating cash and restricting credits.

An industrial system which, take it on all its sides, financial as well as administrative, holds capital in leading strings, restricts the liberties and limits the opportunities of labor, and exploits without renewing or conserving the natural resources of the country.

A body of agricultural activities never yet given the efficiency of great business undertakings or served as it should be through the instrumentality of science taken directly to the farm, or afforded the facilities of credit best suited to its practical needs.

Watercourses undeveloped, waste places unreclaimed, forests untended, fast disappearing without plan or prospect of renewal, unregarded waste heaps at every mine.

654 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The address began:

There has been a change of. government. It began two years ago,

when the House of Representatives became Democratic by a decisive majority. It has now been completed. The Senate about to assemble will also be Democratic. The offices of President and VicePresi-

dent have been put into the hands of Democrats. What does the

change mean? That is the question that is uppermost in our minds

today. That is the question I am going to try to answer, in order, if I

may, to interpret the occasion.

It means much more than the mere success of a party. The

success of a party means little except when the nation is using that party for a large and definite purpose. No one can mistake the purpose for which the nation now seeks to use the Democratic party. It

seeks to use it to interpret a change in its own plans and point of view.

The address closed with these words:

This is not a day of triumph; it is a day of dedication. Here muster, not the forces of party, but the forces of humanity. Men's hearts

wait upon us; men's lives hang in the balance; men's hopes call upon

us to say what we will do. Who shall live up to the great trust? Who

dares fail to try? I summon all honest men, all patriotic, all forwardlooking men, to my side. God helping me, I will not fail them, if they

will but counsel and sustain me!

The New Cabinet of President Wilson is composed of the following men:

Secretary of State, William Jennings Bryan, of Nebraska, publicist, orator, lecturer, and author, born in Illinois, March 19, 1860:

Secretary of the Treasury, William Gibbs McAdoo, of New York, lawyer, author, engineer, and railroad president; born in Georgia, 1863.

Attorney General, James Clark McReynolds, lawyer; born in

Kentucky, 1862.

Postmaster General, Albert Sidney Burleson, Texas, lawyer; born

in Texas in 1863.

Secretary of the Navy, Josephus Daniels, North Carolina; born

1862; home, Raleigh.

Secretary of the Interior, Franklin Knight Lane, California, lawyer; born Prince Edward Island, Canada, 1864; chairman interstate

commerce commission since 1905.

Secretary of Agriculture, David Franklin Houston, Missouri, educator; born North Carolina, 1866; home, St. Louis.

Secretary of Commerce, William Cox Redfield, New York, iron and steel manufacturer since 1883, and member of the sixtysecond

Congress; born Albany, 1858.

Secretary of Labor, William Bauchop Wilson, Pennsylvania;

miner, member of Congress since 1907, author of the bill creating the

Department of Labor; born Scotland, 1862, came to the United States

in 1870, and is known as a representative of organized labor; home,

Blossburg, Pennsylvania. He is the first secretary of this new department.

L. D. S. KNITTED GARMENTS

SHIPPED BY PARCEL POST Our EXTRAORDINARY OFFER WE PAY POSTAGE to all pa'ts of the United States and Canada on all

Orders for SIX or more PAIRS OF GARMENTS

MAILED TO THE SAME PERSON Get all your friends and n> ighbors to join with you in ordering and save postage

BEAUTIFUL AND USEFUL PRESENTS FREE

With all $10.00 orders we will send Absolutely F ee a Beaut ful Present.

SPRING AND SUMMER GARMENTS Postage 14c extra per pair;No. 51K—An excellent, close, fine 2 pair 20c.

weave, bleached; suitable for No. 9B—Bleached, medium heavy summer wear. Per pair, postweave, will give excellent service.

paid $1.00 Per pair $1.35

Postage 14c extra per pair;No. 59M—Made of mercerized cot- 2 pair 20c. ton, bleached; very desirable for weave, tuck cotton Ill—Heavy

fleeced. warm weather. Per pair, postNo.stitch, Per unbleached,

paid $1.50 pair $1.00

pair;No. 52B—Medium light weight for Postage 14c extra per

spring and summer, bleached. 2 pair 20c.

Per pair $1.00 No. 11B—Unbleached, double back,

Postage 8c extra per pair; heavy.$1.25

2 pair 14c. Postage 14c per pair.

WOOL GARMENTSNo. 57—Medium light weight, unNo. 500—1-3 wool $1.69

bleached, very serviceable. Per No. 501—1-2 wool $2.00

pair $1.00 No. 502—80% wool $2.50

Postage 14c extra per pair; By Parcels Post, 14c per pair;

2 pair 20c. 2 pair 26c.

IMPORTANT. When ordering be sure to give your bust and

height measurements, and your weight.

Samples of garment material gladly sent on request.

Garments marked for 20c extra per pair.

SEND FOR OUR GENERAL AND FURNITURE CATALOGS.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE 258 SOUTH STATE STREET SALT LAKE CITY "Why I Am a 'Mcrmon',"by Prest. W. A Hyde, found in this number of

the Era, is jusl such an article as the thoughtful young man will wish to spend an hour or two in reading and studying.

To winners in Stake M. I. A. contests: You arc entitled to enter the annual

M. I. A. June conference contests in storytelling, orations, and quartettes. Ask

your stake officers, who have all the particulars.

In an article in the Mission Messages, published in the January number of the Era, the date of baptism of Patriarch Peter A. Forsgreen, the first person baptized in Sweden, was given as the 28th of July when in reality, it was

the 26th day of July, 1850.

Mrs. B. S. Goodwin, of Beaver, writes: "I have just read the 'Hero of

Linister,'of Ayrshire, Scotland, by Solomon F. Kimball. I came to Utah with

the same handcart company, over the plains, with my mother, three sisters, and a little brother about six years old, from Dundee, Scotland, and can testify of the truth of the piece. 1 tell my son Alexander that it is worth the

price of the Era, as it is a part of my history. I like to see such men honored

while they are living. 1 wish you well in your noble work."

Improvement Era, April, 1913 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, f Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS The Temple in Winter Frontispiece

What I Live For. A Poem George Linnaeus Banks 529

Why I am a "Mormon"W. A. Hyde 531

Interesting Stories George D. Kirby 546

In Sunny Africa. III. Illustrated Frank J. Hewlett 548

Sermonets.... 556

In Lighter Mood 557 Voice of the Intangible IX Albert R. Lyman 558

The Hawaiian Mission Headquarters. Illustrated J. Bryan Barton 568

Little Problems of Married Life. XIX William George Jordan 572

The Gospel to the Lamanites. IIIVIII Rey L. Pratt 577

The Schoolmaster and His Pupils. With Life

Sketch and Portrait of the Writer Joseph E. Taylor 586

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"

The Unfair Fairness of Rev. Spalding... O. J. P. Widtsoe, A. M.... 593

An Open Letter to Bishop Spalding Prcf. N L. Nelson 603

Rev. Spalding's Answer to Dr. Widtsoe.. Rev. F. S. Spalding 610

Dr. Widtsoe's Reply to Rev. Spalding... John A. Widtsoe, Ph. D 616

The Word "Kolob"J. M. Sjcdahl 620

As to Accuracy 623 Customs and Legends of Utah Indians I.

Illustrated Enoch Jorgensen 625

Conditions in Turkey Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 630

Department of Vocations and Industries. VIII B. H. Roberts 632

Boys and Girls'Industrial Clubs Prcf. J. C. Hoenson 634

637Editors'Table—Vocations and Industries

Messages from the Missions 639

Priesthood Quorums Table—The Ordained

Teacher Bishcp H. H. Blood 643

Priesthood Classes Under the Direction of the Bishop 648 I. A. Annual Conference 649Mutual Work—M.

M. I. A. Normal Training Class 649

Passing Events 651 I

KEMINGTON AUTOLOADING SHOTGUN—ONE OF BROWMISG'8 PATENTS

DON'T WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON TO HAVE THAT GUN REPAIRED SEND IT TO US NOW and HAVE IT READY FOR NEXT SEASON

Send Postal for onr Catalogue, 150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

CO., S??7 BROWNING BROS.

THE NEW MODEL FIVE

L. G. Smith & Bros. Typewriter

Has all the successful features of earlier models with new ones added It anticipates the demands of owners and operators and is an example of the highest refinement of mechanical skill.

The ball bearings at all cardinal points, the inbuilt attachments, tho keyboard ribbon control, lightning: escapement, rigid carriage, are some of the reasons why this

machine produces neat, accurate copy with the least amount of effort.

CO. BROS. L C. SMITH TYPEWRITER Head Office& for Foreign and Domestic Business,

Syracuse, N. Y., U. S. A.

SALT LAKE OFFICE, 379 South Main St.,

Salt Lake City CONFERENCE Three DailyY.M.&Y.LM.I.A.

SALT LAKE CITY, Principles 6-7-8 The Result JUNE i

Service whenExcursion Rates "SAFETY FIRST"High Quality

'via you travel 2 From ARIZONA.CALIFORNIA, "COURTESY"

TEXAS, NEVADA, and "The Standof UTAH POINTS CAREFUL ATTENard Lines

TION to details"the West"Tickets from Arizona and Texas By These each operAutomatic points good via ating employee Eledric

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA of the Safety Block

Signal A$k for tickets via SALT LAKE ROUTE Protedtton

Long Limits and Stopovers pledges his faith wiite (or further information

CITT TICKET OFFICE T. J. H. C. PECK, MANDERFIELD,

Los Angeles G.P.A., A.G.P.A., Salt Lake City HOTELSALT LAKEUTAHCITT

'WHEN WRITING in / n F.RTISERS. rLEASE MENTION THE "BRA'

Aftlfr your dealer for Z. C. M. 1.

Western Scout Shoes The ideal summer lhoe for Men,

Youths, Boy

"MOUNTAINEER"or "THE LEADER"Overall* Don't Rip.::.Ask for them

EVERY BOY AND YOUNG MAN

should read "The Boy with the U. S. Fisheries,"and

"The Boy with the U. S. Survey."

Two books full of instrudion as well as interest—$1.50

each postpaid. Recommended and sold by the

Deseret Sunday School Union Book Store 4446 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET, SALT LAKE CITY

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

'A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. and General Mgr.

N. G. Stringham, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE. VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE dT,Y, UTAH

Jr. Planet reduces your labor; increases your crops

A Pl?net Jr farm or garden Cultivator often does three to -i\ times the work

of one man with ordinary implements; ai loroughly tli

more and better crops. Strong and substantially built. I i

Jr. Jew Planet No. 14 DoubleWheel DiscHoe, Cultivator and Plow.has, Uaree if discs adjustable each on run

; ext the row. pair of

row. A Splendid ftirrou hillerand horsehoe, and

show you:hesf v

Consolidated Wagon & Machine Co.,

Utah, Idaho. Wyoming and Nevada.

GEO. 1. OOELl, General Manager.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEAi ION THE "ERA'